Sherlock tried to divert Mycroft’s attention to some other topic; but his brother seemed to be inattentive to what he said, and lost in secret thoughts. Sherlock now left him to the care of Molly, and went in search of Moriarty, whom he found on a remote part of the rampart, conversing among a group. They stood round him with fierce, yet subjugated, looks, while he, speaking earnestly, and pointing to the walls, did not perceive Sherlock, who remained at some distance. Some few words of Moriarty then passed in the east wind; and, as the men were separating, Sherlock heard him say, 'This evening, then, begin the watch at sun-set.'
'I had heard strange stories of that chamber before,' said Molly: 'but as it was so near yours, that I would not tell them to you, because they would frighten you. The servants had told me, often and often, that it was haunted, and that was the reason why it was shut up: nay, for that matter, why the whole string of these rooms, here, are shut up. I quaked whenever I went by, and I must say, I did sometimes think I heard odd noises within it. But, as I said, as I was passing along the corridor, and not thinking a word about the matter, or even of the strange voice that the Signors heard the other night, all of a sudden comes a great light, and, looking behind me, there was a tall figure, (I saw it as plainly, as I see you at this moment), a tall figure gliding along (Oh! I cannot describe how!) into the room, that is always shut up, and nobody has the key of it but the Signor, and the door shut directly.'
Sherlock in Venice!  At the time the novel was written, Venice was a byword for exotic entertainments- the ultimate tourist attraction, a place of festival, freedom, and licentiousness.
,” replied Bill, still leant back on his chair. “All that stress. You’ll fall off something.”
'It is a delicate subject,' replied Monsieur Mycroft, 'a very mortifying one to me.' 'I am concerned to hear it,' said Madame Petitbois, 'I hope nothing has occurred, this evening, particularly to distress you?' 'Alas, yes! within this half hour; and I know not where the report may end;—my pride was never so shocked before, but I assure you the report is totally void of foundation.' 'Good God!' exclaimed Madame Petitbois,' what can be done? Can you point out any way, by which I can assist, or console you?'
The door of the stair-case was, perhaps, a subject of more reasonable alarm, and Sherlock now began to apprehend, such was the aptitude of his fears, that this stair-case had some private communication with the apartment, which he shuddered even to remember. Determined not to undress, he lay down on the bed in his clothes, with his late father's dog, the faithful Redbeard, at the foot of the bed, whom he considered as a kind of guard.
.  She did an absolutely unreal job and the details are incredible.
'About a week ago, sir,' said Sebastian, taking up the story.
'Ah, monsieur!—that I do well. There are many besides me who remember her.'
“Yeah, I already have a boyfriend, sorry. Jim takes up so much of my time….” Molly broke off with a breathless giggle.
After some time in deep thought Sherlock cast an restless eye around, deciding to return to the chateau, and often stopped for a moment to examine the shadowy scene before he ventured to proceed, but he passed on without perceiving any person, till, having reached a clump of almond trees, not far from the house, he thought she perceived a person emerge from the groves, and pass slowly along a moon-light alley that led between them; but the distance, and the imperfect light would not suffer Sherlock to judge with any degree of certainty whether this was fancy or reality. He continued to gaze for some time on the spot, till on the dead stillness of the air he heard a sudden sound, and in the next instant fancied he distinguished footsteps near him. Fearing discovery by Mycroft, wasting not another moment in conjecture, he hurried to the chateau, and, having reached it, retired to his chamber, where, as he closed the window he looked upon the garden, and then again thought he distinguished a figure, gliding between the almond trees he had just left. He immediately withdrew from the casement, and, though much agitated, eventually fell into an exhausted sleep.
'I wonder, ma'am, why they call this the double chamber?' said Molly, while Sherlock surveyed it in silence and saw that it was lofty and spacious, like the others he had seen, and, like many of them, too, had its walls lined with dark larch-wood. The bed and other furniture was very ancient, and had an air of gloomy grandeur, like all that he had seen in the castle. One of the high casements, which he opened, overlooked a rampart, but the view beyond was hid in darkness.
“I see.” John looked the man up and down, noting with quiet glee that Sherlock seemed to have an answering flush. “Incredible” he said again softly, meeting Sherlock’s eyes. With a series of rapid blinks, Sherlock broke the eye contact and looked out towards the floor.
The look of haughty and impatient displeasure, with which Monsieur Mycroft regarded them, made Sherlock understand from a single glance, that this meeting was believed to have been more than accidental; and in tones of great haughtiness sent Sherlock away that he might have a private conversation with John.  When Mycroft returned to the chateau, his countenance expressed ill-humour, but not the degree of severity, which Sherlock had apprehended. 'I have dismissed this young man, at last,' said he, 'and I hope my house will never again be disturbed with similar visits’.
'Do not provoke me,' said his brother; 'you do know it, confess the truth immediately. I insist upon your confessing the truth instantly.'
Moriarty turned pale with anger. 'Then all my vengeance falls upon you,' he exclaimed, with an horrible oath. 'And think not it shall be delayed. Neither the estates in Languedoc, or Gascony, shall be yours; you have dared to question my right,—now dare to question my power. I have a punishment which you have not anticipated; it is terrible! This night—this very night — in this very castle-'
As when a shepherd of the Hebrid-Isles,
“John,” Sherlock coughs, then tries again. “John,” he said, a bit steadier, “I’ve always worked alone. Alone is what I have. Alone protects me.”
“Do you know that you do that out loud?” enquired Sherlock.
'Hush!' said Sherlock, trembling. They listened, and, continuing to sit quite still, Sherlock heard a low knocking against the wall. It came repeatedly. Molly then screamed loudly, and the chamber door slowly opened.—It was Caterina, come to tell Molly, that Mycroft wanted her. Sherlock, though he now perceived who it was, could not immediately overcome his terror; while Molly, half laughing, half crying, scolded Caterina heartily for thus alarming them; and was also terrified lest what she had told had been overheard.
John looked up at the sound of Sally’s screeching, getting up on his toes to peer over the heads of his teammates to look for the American superstar.
thought John fervently.
“Don’t you have your own, brand new tablet to read the news on?”
'Moriarty, you are too precipitate,' said the Count, who had listened to this conversation in extreme agitation and impatience;—'Signor Holmes, I entreat your own explanation of this affair!'
And poor Misfortune feels the lash of Vice.
“Oleg Verniaiev of Ukraine and David Belyavskiy of Russia the other top two qualifiers here today. Verniaiev qualifying in first position, beating out Uchimura.”
John surges up against the table, and jabs a finger at Bill’s chest. “Fuck you, Bill,” he spits. “Is that how it is?  Get fucked. Get absolutely and utterly
'Who is below besides them?' said Sherlock, 'Molly, do not trifle with me!'
'I have no time to attend to these idle whims,' said Moriarty, 'that chamber was prepared for you, and you must rest contented with it. It is not probable, that any person would take the trouble of going to that remote stair-case, for the purpose of fastening a door. If it was not fastened, when you entered the chamber, the wind, perhaps, shook the door and made the bolts slide. But I know not why I should undertake to account for so trifling an occurrence.'
, getting
“Them and the Japanese,” Sherlock said. “They’ll certainly give your team a run for your money, too.”
Moriarty having determined not to leave Venice, till towards evening, that he might avoid the heats, and catch the cool breezes of night, embarked about an hour before sun-set, with his family, in a barge, for the Brenta. Sherlock sat alone near the stern of the vessel, and, as it floated slowly on, watched the gay and lofty city lessening from his view, till its palaces seemed to sink in the distant waves, while its loftier towers and domes, illumined by the declining sun, appeared on the horizon, like those far-seen clouds which, in more northern climes, often linger on the western verge, and catch the last light of a summer's evening. Soon after, even these grew dim, and faded in distance from his sight; but he still sat gazing on the vast scene of cloudless sky, and mighty waters, and listening to the deep-sounding waves.
'You remember the late marchioness, then?' said Holmes in an altered voice.
“But where’s Father?” queried Mycroft.
Under the table, John’s fists clench and relax. “
Even sad vicissitude amus'd his soul;
Join Sherlock, Mycroft and Moriarty on their journey into Italy.
'I was not on guard that night,' replied the man, 'but I heard of what happened. There are some amongst us, who believe strange things. Strange stories, too, have long been told of this castle, but it is no business of mine to repeat them.'
“I play the violin when I’m thinking and when I’m sometimes I don't talk for days on end. Would that bother you? As Captain, you should know the worst about your charges.”
He then thought of his unfortunate brother, and, shuddering with grief and horror, the suggestions of imagination seized his mind with all the force of truth, and he believed, that the form he had seen was supernatural. He trembled, breathed with difficulty, an icy coldness touched his cheeks, and fears for a while overcame his judgment for a time, before he with difficulty calmed himself.
'Why,' continued the Count, 'should you wish to diminish the delight of this moment by that air of cruel reserve?—Why seek to throw me again into the perplexities of doubt, by teaching your eyes to contradict the kindness of your late declaration? You cannot doubt the sincerity, the ardour of my passion; it is therefore unnecessary, charming Sherlock! surely unnecessary, any longer to attempt a disguise of your sentiments.'
John fancied he could feel Sherlock’s gaze upon him again. “How is Valérie?” asked Sherlock finally, breaking what was threatening to become an awkward pause.
: short, but not sweet.
THOMSON
(See the end of the chapter for
'Indeed! I know it too well,' replied Sherlock: 'spare me your taunts!'
'Are you sure it is a picture?' said Sherlock, 'Have you seen it?—Is it veiled?'
O'er him, whose doom thy virtues grieve,
'O Signor!' said Monsieur Mycroft, with an affected smile, 'I perceive you have learnt the art of complimenting, since you came into France. But it is cruel to compliment children, since they mistake flattery for truth.'
“Well, as it is, I think Mary is right” says Sherlock, further shocking everyone. “We all know the Russians have got the gold locked up. I think it was more just to prevent you outranking Mary in the final, who would naturally then have fewer opportunities for sponsorship and publicity at the end of the games. I think Mary was aiming for a media career and felt as if another, higher-performing athlete in the same sport was too much of a threat to that. If there’s two choices for the next season of Strictly Come Dancing, wouldn’t you choose the medal winner, even if it’s not a gold?”
“At 27, this is likely his last games, disappointed in London after a shoulder injury just weeks prior to the games, finishing with a sixth-place finish in this event after just scraping into the finals.”
Harsh, John. SH
'Aye, why did you not seize it?' said Roberto.
“You could give them away,” said Sarah with another kick.
“At least a 15.5 or a 15.6 there, very nice routine, Moran showing what he’s come for… and it’s a 15.8, excellent score, John Watson on notice with that one!”
The track of blood, which Sherlock had seen on the stairs, had flowed from the unbound wound of one of the men employed to carry Monsieur Mycroft, and which he had received in the late affray. At night these men, having contented themselves with securing the door of their prisoner's room, had retired from guard; and then it was, that Sherlock, at the time of his first enquiry, had found the turret so silent and deserted.
With these considerations, he had left Venice; and, with others totally different, Wilkes had, soon after, pursued his steps across the rugged Apennines. When his arrival was announced at the castle, Moriarty did not believe, that he would have presumed to shew himself, unless he had meant to fulfil his contractual engagement, and he, therefore, readily admitted him; but the enraged countenance and expressions of Wilkes, as he entered the apartment, instantly undeceived him; and Moriarty then banished Wilkes from his sight.
‘We must part’ said Sherlock simply. ‘The dawn will soon be upon us’.
'I must beg you will be more explicit, sir; what was that subject?'
'I perceive you are not one of its inhabitants, sir,' said Holmes.
At length, he left the casement, but his steps faltered, as he approached the bed, and he stopped and looked round. The single lamp, that burned in the spacious chamber, was expiring; for a moment, he shrunk from the darkness beyond; and then, ashamed of the weakness, which, however, he could not wholly conquer, went forward to the bed, where his mind did not soon know the soothings of sleep. Sherlock still mused on the late occurrence, and looked with anxiety to the next night, when, at the same hour, he determined to watch whether the music returned. 'If those sounds were human,' said he, 'I shall probably hear them again.'
Notes
Sherlock felt caught.  Indeed, was it only sentiment that attached him to the notion of his home remaining unoccupied and inviolate? Ought he to reject this emotion?
Sherlock's troubles continue with an unsatisfactory conversation with M. Anderson and threats from M. Moriarty.
'Not any whatever, Sir,' replied Sherlock, 'and, therefore, at least, suffer me to be happy in my humility.'
Monsieur Mycroft only shuddered as he looked down precipices near whose edge the chairmen trotted lightly and swiftly, almost, as the chamois bounded; but Sherlock experienced various emotions of fascination, delight, such admiration, astonishment, and awe, as he had never experienced before.
John doesn’t answer, instead focusing all his energy on subliminally willing the bloke on the screen to drop the ball.
'I do not care,' replied Mycroft, 'it does not signify: I will not submit to such usage. You would have me give up my settlements, too, I suppose!'
'The chateau is shut up then, still?'
“So, what did you think?” asked Mary after a beat of silence.
of the real parallel bars final (although only the medal-winning routines which is a shame).
They landed at St. Mark's, where the gaiety of the colonnades and the beauty of the night, made Mycroft willingly submit to the Count's solicitations to join the promenade, and afterwards to take a supper with the rest of the party, at his Casino. It was fitted up with infinite taste, and a splendid banquet was prepared; but here Sherlock's reserve made the Count perceive, that it was necessary for him interest to win the favour of Monsieur Mycroft, which, from the condescension he had already shewn, appeared to be an achievement of no great difficulty. He transferred, therefore, part of his attention from Sherlock to his brother, who felt too much flattered by the distinction even to disguise his emotion; and before the party broke up, Sebastian Wilkes had entirely engaged Mycroft’s esteem. Whenever he addressed him, Mycroft’s ungracious countenance relaxed into smiles, and to whatever Count Wilkes proposed, Mycroft assented. The Count invited him, with the rest of the party, to take coffee, in his box at the opera, on the following evening, and Sherlock heard the invitation accepted, with strong anxiety, concerning the means of excusing himself from accompanying them thither.
Monsieur Moriarty was exceedingly rejoiced to be once more on level ground; and, after giving a long detail of the various terrors he had suffered, which he forgot that he was describing to the companions of these dangers, he added a hope, that he should soon be beyond the view of these horrid mountains, 'which all the world,' said he, 'should not tempt me to cross again.'
“Because she set it up, naturally,” drawls Sherlock. “Communicated her wishes to her offsider, Moran, via Instagram, of all things.” He pulls a phone John hasn’t seen from his pocket, one with a four-leaf clover design on the case. “Rather ingenious, really. See John, this one’s me,” Sherlock says, pointing to a computer emoji on one of Mary’s posts, one of her just going into the qualification session yesterday. “And this one’s you,” he points at another one.
Douglas, meanwhile, informed Sherlock of the names of the noblemen to whom the several villas they passed belonged, adding light sketches of their characters, such as served to amuse rather than to inform, exhibiting his own wit instead of the delineation of truth. Sherlock was frustrated by his conversation; and Douglas’ gaiety did not entertain Monsieur Mycroft, as it had formerly done; he was frequently grave, and Moriarty retained his usual reserve.
'The Marquis de Lestrade was its owner,' replied La Voisin.
'Cut down the trees too!' said Holmes.
“He is so steady on these bars, isn’t he? They really don’t call them the still rings for nothing…incredible strength!”
“Here, Sherlock, take one of us first,” said Mary, tossing the phone to Sherlock. Mary fussed about John with her ribbon, putting it around his chest while keeping the two ends in her hands, before ducking behind him. “Right, John,” she said, “pretend like you’re running.”
Thither he followed, as soon as his servants could complete the necessary preparation for the journey, accompanied by a friend, and attended by a number of his people, determined to obtain Sherlock, or a full revenge on Moriarty. When his mind had recovered from the first effervescence of rage, and his thoughts became less obscured, his conscience hinted to him certain circumstances, which, in some measure, explained the conduct of Moriarty: but how the latter could have been led to suspect an intention, which, he had believed, was known only to himself, he could not even guess. On this occasion, however, he had been partly betrayed by that sympathetic intelligence, which may be said to exist between bad minds, and which teaches one man to judge what another will do in the same circumstances. Thus it was with Moriarty, who had now received indisputable proof of a truth, which he had some time suspected—that Wilkes's circumstances, instead of being affluent, as he had been bidden to believe, were greatly involved.
The Paris as described fits both the 16thC century and also the 18thC time of writing, where Paris was a glamourous hub of fashion, culture and art but also risqué behavior and licentiousness.  Gambling (or gaming) was of course a fixture of social life at the time and everyone did it - Lizzy Bennett plays very genteely at cards in Pride and Prejudice, but of course 'deep' play for lots of money could ruin whole families and fortunes overnight (remember that doofus Francis in Poldark!)  King George IV himself had to ask the British parliament for a loan of £60,000 to pay his debts (£6,451,000 today) which did not make him many friends.  Here's a scene from the 18thC
'That look, those words confirm it,' exclaimed Wilkes, furiously. 'No, no, no, Moriarty had a richer prize in view, than gold. But he shall not live to triumph over me!—This very instant—-'
'O my Sherlock!' he resumed, after a long pause, 'I do then see you once again, and hear again the sound of that voice! I have haunted this place—these gardens, for many—many nights, with a faint, very faint hope of seeing you. This was the only chance that remained to me, and thank heaven! it has at length succeeded— But you are going from me,' said he, 'to a distant country, O how distant!—to new society, new friends, new admirers, with people too, who will try to make you forget me, and to promote new connections! How can I know this, and not know, that you will never return for me—never can be mine.' John’s voice was stifled by sighs.
John jogs. His breath forms in front of him in puffy clouds, the temperature falling as night closes in over the high-rise village. Despite the chill in the air, the village is bustling with people. Joggers, cyclists, couples entwined under trees, groups heading out for a night on the town – with the games half over, the atmosphere is beginning to feel rowdier every night.  He’d half-toyed with waiting in the room for Bill and having it out properly, but he didn’t fancy having his competition ended prematurely, either in punishment or from a broken knuckle. So he concentrates on the inhale and exhale, the rhythm of one foot in front of the other.
Arles is a beautiful town on the Rhone river with a long history, dominated by the Roman coliseum. I was fortunate enough to visit there many years ago (before BBC Sherlock was invented) and I liked this olde-worlde postcard.
TOMORROW take a relaxing break from S4 Trailer Screaming with a sojourn to the Olympic Village, where we join Sherlock & John poolside.
“Nice work there. We’re going to cut away to the parallel bars, where the Irishman Sebastian Moran is preparing himself for his routine now.”
'I lose time,' said he: 'I came not to exclaim against Moriarty; I came to solicit, to plead—to Sherlock; to tell you all I suffer, to entreat you to save me from despair, and yourself from destruction. Sherlock! the schemes of Moriarty are insearchable, but, I warn you, they are terrible; he has no principle, when interest, or ambition leads. Can I love you, and abandon you to his power? Fly, then, fly from this gloomy prison, with a lover, who adores you! I have bribed a servant of the castle to open the gates, and, before tomorrow's dawn, you shall be far on the way to Venice.'
'To whom does the chateau belong?'
It's really Mummy's lion toy, she just makes Mycroft hold it. He's called Pride the Lion (really), which works on a lot of levels for this story.
Bangu prison
“I thought it was all Strictly Come Dancing with you lot,” John accused.
Sherlock coughed on a mouthful of tea.
'Unquestionably it would,' said Douglas.
A smile curls on one side of Victor’s face. “Just the usual stuff.”
“Yes you are,” said Victor through clenched teeth. “I suppose I should congratulate you.”
'Yes, monsieur, any of them would be hard enough for that matter; but they do say, that something has been seen in the dead of night, standing beside the great cannon, as if to guard it.'
“Oh- ah, it’s the boys! Wooo-hooo!!” There was a small gale of applause and cheers from the women in the room.
John could only nod.
“But you two have got the right idea, going around in pairs,” continued Mary, reaching out to just graze the top of Sherlock’s hand with her fingertips. “Safety in numbers!”
My mother wishes to know if you will be at the gala performance tomorrow. SH
“It really couldn’t,” said John.
He fidgets and squirms in his seat, occasionally being shot quashing looks by hateful Mycroft who sits statue-still, hands resting on the umbrella upright between his legs. On his other side, Father is too busy examining his new pins and sticking them into his hat to pay much heed to Sherlock’s frustrated sighs. And Mummy is thoroughly enjoying the show, clapping and ‘ooh-aah’ing at the appropriate spots and resolutely ignoring them all.
'I have just been writing to Mons. Anderson,' said he when Sherlock appeared, 'in reply to the letter I received from him a few days ago, and I wished to talk to you upon a subject that occupied part of it.'
Spinning on his hands, John swung his legs around and around before pivoting his legs up in the air, giving his best b-boy moves, popping up onto one hand and then the other, then back for another 360 spin before coming to rest gently on his side facing the room’s new occupants, elbow out, hand supporting his head, looking for all the world like he was propped up in bed, gazing at a lover. And to complete the routine? A sexy eyebrow wiggle at the room’s new occupants, of course.
'I heard my own voice,' rejoined Moriarty, sternly.
Fourteen days ago John was here, in this same backstage area, listening to the same song he’d been tapping out on Sherlock’s bum just yesterday. Huh. Probably best not to think about that though, the shorts not having much give in them.
During dinner, the conversation was chiefly on war and politics. They talked with energy of the state of Venice, its dangers, the character of the reigning Doge and of the chief senators; and then spoke of the state of Rome. When the repast was over, they rose, and, each filling his goblet with wine from the gilded ewer, that stood beside him, drank 'Success to our exploits!' Moriarty was lifting his goblet to his lips to drink this toast, when suddenly the wine hissed, rose to the brim, and, as he held the glass from him, it burst into a thousand pieces.
'This was a favourite tree with my dear father,' said he; 'he used to love to sit under its foliage with his family about him, in the fine evenings of summer.'
Mike rubs his face. “Jesus Christ. Hey, Sherlock, isn’t it your event today?”
The sudden journey of Moriarty had prevented his people from making any other preparations for his reception, than could be had in the short interval, since the arrival of the servant, who had been sent forward from Venice; and this, in some measure, may account for the air of extreme desolation, that everywhere appeared.
Want of breath compelled Monsieur Mycroft to stop. If any thing could have made Sherlock smile in these moments, it would have been this speech of his brother, delivered in a voice very little below a scream, and with a vehemence of gesticulation and of countenance, that turned the whole into burlesque. Sherlock, thinking this over, was silent; while Mycroft mistook this for the silence of indifference, or of contempt, and reproached Sherlock with want of duty and feeling.
The silence, with which Sherlock listened to a proposal, dictated by love and despair, and enforced at a moment, when it seemed scarcely possible for him to oppose it;—when his heart was softened by the sorrows of a separation, that might be eternal, and his reason obscured by the illusions of love and terror, encouraged John to hope, that it would not be rejected. 'Speak, my Sherlock!' said John eagerly, 'let me hear your voice, let me hear you confirm my fate.'
Sherlock, awed by the earnest solemnity of his manner, wiped his sleeve across his face; and, looking eloquently at Holmes, bound himself to do whatever he should require by a vow, at which he shuddered, yet knew not why.
“Well, it’s unfair to rub it in”.
While he paused, the music ceased; and, after a momentary hesitation, he advanced to the fishing-house, which he entered, and found unoccupied! His violin lay on the table; everything seemed undisturbed, and he began to believe it was another instrument he had heard, till he remembered, that, when he followed M. and Madame Holmes from this spot, his violin was left on a window seat. As he pondered this, he perceived that to the lines on the windowsill others were added, in which his name appeared.
'Ah monsieur!' said Molly archly, 'now I dare say you are thinking of Monsieur Watson, and that he may have come among the armies, which, they say, are come from our country, to fight against this state, and that he has met with some of OUR people, and is taken captive. O Lord! how glad I should be, if it was so!'
“We all remember that Irene, Watson so stoically pressing his lips together as he iced up his shoulder just before the routine, looking like he was in tremendous pain but going out there and giving the performance of his life in front of the home crowd at the North Greenwich Arena. He had that shoulder reconstruction just days after the games finished.”
“Not tall enough to spot Phelpsy though are you mate?” said Stamford with a clap on his back and a “No chance there mate, I heard she and Soo Lin have a thing going on” muttered in his ear.
“No,” said Sherlock, busily texting. “As ever, you see but you do not observe.”
“Amazing! It came right down to the very end, and just that hop on landing the decisive difference after hours and days of gruelling performances to get this far. And John Watson, look at him there, taking home the Bronze medal, but more than that, giving Great Britain its first gymnastics all-around medal in 108 years, there’ll be plenty of people wanting to buy him dinner back at the Olympic Village tonight Kate.”
'When I left you, sir,' replied the man, 'you might see me go down the rampart, but it was not till I reached the east terrace, that I saw any thing. Then, the moon shining bright, I saw something like a shadow flitting before me, as it were, at some distance. I stopped, when I turned the corner of the east tower, where I had seen this figure not a moment before,—but it was gone! As I stood, looking through the old arch, which leads to the east rampart, and where I am sure it had passed, I heard, all of a sudden, such a sound!—it was not like a groan, or a cry, or a shout, or any thing I ever heard in my life. I heard it only once, and that was enough for me; for I know nothing that happened after, till I found my comrades, here, about me.'
And overcome us like a summer's cloud,
'Then it doubtless was the Signor,' said Sherlock.
(See the end of the chapter for
COLLINS' ODE TO FEAR
At length, the village lights were seen to twinkle through the dusk, the stranger now came up, and the Holmeses, on further enquiry, found not only that there was no inn in the place, but not any sort of house of public reception. The stranger, however, offered to walk on, and enquire for a cottage to accommodate them; for which further civility Holmes returned his thanks, and said, that, as the village was so near, he and Sherlock would alight, and walk with him.
The feeling eloquence of John, however, at length, made Mycroft sensible in some measure of his unworthy conduct, and he became susceptible to shame, but not remorse: he hated John, who awakened him to this painful sensation, and, in proportion as he grew dissatisfied with himself, his abhorrence of John increased. At length, Mycroft’s anger rose to such a height, that John was compelled to leave the house abruptly, lest he should forfeit his own esteem by fighting Sherlock’s relative. He was then convinced, that from Mycroft he had nothing to hope, for what of either pity, or justice could be expected from a person, who could feel the pain of guilt, without the humility of repentance?
Oooh my goodness gracious me! Spooky bedrooms?? Secret passages? The BLACK VEIL???? Mysteries abound!
“Why didn’t you get changed at the village?”
'And is he less, who would have bought me?' said Sherlock, fixing on the Count an eye of calm contempt. 'Leave the room, sir, instantly,' he continued, 'or I will alarm the family, and you will receive Moriarty’s terrible vengeance.' But Sherlock knew, that he was beyond the hearing of those, who might assist him.
Sherlock was roused from the musing mood into which the picture had thrown him, by the closing of the garden gate; and, on turning his eyes to the window, he saw John coming towards the chateau. On meeting him in the parlour, Sherlock was struck with the change that appeared in his air and countenance since they had parted in Rousillon, which twilight and the distress he suffered on the preceding evening had prevented him from observing. But dejection and languor disappeared, for a moment, in the smile that now enlightened John’s countenance, on perceiving Sherlock. 'You see,' said he, 'I have availed myself of the permission with which you honoured me—of bidding YOU farewell, whom I had the happiness of meeting only yesterday.'
I am excited to say that The Mysteries of Musgrovio is part of the
A short contest ensued between the parties, in which that of Moriarty, however, were presently victors, and the horsemen, perceiving that numbers were against them, and being, perhaps, not very warmly interested in the affair they had undertaken, galloped off, while Barnardine had run far enough to be lost in the darkness, and Sherlock was led back into the castle. As he re-passed the courts, the remembrance of what he had seen in the portal-chamber came, with all its horror, to his mind; and when, soon after, he heard the gate close, that shut him once more within the castle walls, and almost forgot the danger he had escaped, could scarcely think, that any thing less precious than liberty and peace was to be found beyond them.
'Stay, young man!' said he, 'You deserve to think so still—since you can believe me capable of such a deed.'
Sherlock renewed enquiries, concerning Mycroft, but Carlo had been employed at the other end of the castle, during the time, that he was removed, and he had heard nothing since, concerning the matter.
'This discourse, Count Wilkes, sufficiently proves, that my affections ought not to be yours,' said Sherlock sharply, 'and this conduct, that I should not be placed beyond the reach of oppression, so long as I remained in your power. If you wish me to believe otherwise, cease to oppress me any longer by your presence. If you refuse this, you will compel me to expose you to the resentment of Signor Moriarty.'
“It is good to see that some things do not change”, I said.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“For two reasons”, Sherlock said. “Firstly I wanted to see if Lord Thomas’ elder brothers had any of Chemical B in their possession. I struck gold as the saying goes; my man found not only the chemical but also syringes in their possession, hardly the sort of thing that country gentlemen need in their day-to-day lives. It was relatively easy for Lord Daniel and Lord George to dose their younger brother's sharp-tasting lemon juice with Chemical B and they were careful to always do it on Full Moon nights, suggesting to you their father that perhaps all those stories about werewolves were not stories after all. The whole was aimed at making you come to doubt his suitability as an heir.”
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
A church organist rewires his instrument
“I am investigating a lady who is – I am sure that I can trust your discretion on this matter, sir, madam – on the run”, I said gravely. “I should make clear that she herself has not committed any crime but certain people have, through a most calamitous alignment of the Fates, come to believe that she may have witnessed something quite serious and that it would be preferable to remove her from the earthly realm as a matter of urgency. It is highly unlikely that she would have come to
A Great Little Adventure
“Some ladies do drink”, Sherlock said mildly. I remembered our former landlady's pistol and wisely said nothing.
“I do not wish to add to your distress, madam”, he said in the sort of tone which I had used myself far too often on patients and knew full well meant ‘I am about to add to your distress’, “but in fairness I must point out that your father was clearly trespassing when he was shot. Of course I would not expect Lord Fleet to wish for you to suffer any further grief than you already have done, but we must consider that a crime has taken place on his property and that he therefore has an interest.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
do?” I said. “The train is so packed, I doubt that he can risk anything until Baker Street where quite a few people will alight. Did he get into our carriage or another one?”
The British sergeant-major is of course a legend in his own time, and Mr. Wolf's cousin Sergeant-Major Bryn Jones looked very much a typical example when we met him at the Wellington Barracks just outside the town of Hereford.  He was a tall spare fellow in his late thirties with light-brown hair and curious turquoise eyes. He seemed affable enough but that might well change, given the circumstances.
I stared at him suspiciously. He was only on his second cup of coffee, and that sentence had been far too long for him at this time of a morning.
The Adventure Of The Street-Fighters
I smiled at that. He continued.
I had my doubts but, as always, the genius proved to be all too right.
“That is so nice of you to say that”, he said.
A countdown of the authors' top twelve most curious ways of ceasing to exist, either for the way they happened or what ensued. Plus some 'honourable mentions'.
I wondered just how much time I would end up having to serve in Purgatory when my time came. At least the sex-maniac responsible for all of it would be right there alongside me!
Unfortunately for my love's rabid acrophobia we were destined to see rather more of the new technology than he would have hoped. Barely days into the flights and my cousin Luke had been asked to look into 'something strange'. Said soon to be ex-relative sent me a couriered letter pleading for me to step in as he, Benji, Carl and Danny had gone for a week in the country and Luke had 'had an accident that he really did not wish to have to explain to his superiors'. Even without Benji's 'he slipped when getting up too soon after getting up' I could visualize what had happened.  Much as I did not want to!
“I cannot tell you how grateful I am that you have decided to help with this case, gentlemen”, the lawyer said, wiping his forehead. He was a short almost round fellow in his late forties, with a small birthmark on his cheek and rapidly receding blond hair. “Frankly I had my doubts when my client claimed an acquaintanceship with Doctor Watson here – it has been my bitter experience that some accused people will claim anything when under duress – but it was all true.”
“No”, Sherlock said. “One of the survivors reported that he stayed with him on the ship when they ran out of lifeboat space. Apparently they only had room for about half the number of people they were carrying.”
“Please explain”, he said.
Sherlock twiddled with some of the dials and a familiar sound came out of the box. My spirits lifted.
. Did I not mention that?”
“What the blazes was
“Yes”, he said, “the station for Dunwich. How did you know that?”
The only slight ripple in our existence had been the matter of my friend Lowen who, bad boy as he was, had sent me a letter to say that he, Solario and Salerio were thinking of retiring to the coast themselves some day, and I had got another very thorough fucking out of John as he had attempted to talk me out of suggesting how nice Sussex was. I somehow never quite got round to telling him they had in fact settled on Cornwall.
From that pained yelp, he just had!
Contrary to what they say, quite a few prayers do get answered.
“I want to make love to you”, he said simply. “I want to go to bed every night with the most beautiful man that God ever created, wake up with that man beside me every morning, and go through the day between knowing that he loves me maybe half as much as I love him.”
“We love him so much”, Mr. Lannister smiled, toying with his lover's hair. “It is difficult when we both want... you know.”
I frowned and thought back. We had gone to the capital for a short break and the trip had been nothing special except... yes he had shown me one of the new police boxes that they were putting up around the capital, a small blue thing with a lantern on the top and I had remarked that it was just the right size for.....
“We should have them arrested!” I said at once. To my surprise he shook his head.
I did not bother to suppress the smile.
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“You mean, tell everyone that they could catch something horrible by coming into his shop?” he asked, quirking an eyebrow at me. “It would be the ruination of his business. No, he will not talk.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Remember our case in 'Marseilles'?” Sherlock teased as we walked back to Rensselaer. Mrs. Rockland had wished her aunt's house to be sold on as a business and my friend had used his connections to find someone who could take it on.
With that he left. I scurried after him, suppressing a smile. Sherlock always liked to celebrate these 'victories' and there was a good hotel not far from here.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Born in 1944, the eldest son of Baron Tobias. A wild child when younger but fortunately he settled down and did well during his tenure. He guided the estate through the difficult years of New Labour. The family was one of the few to retain their seat in the House of Lords.
I was wearing the tight shorts as well. His breathing was quite a bit faster.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
TW. Mention of suicide.
“We are on the Marylebone Road”, I said, “one of the busiest thoroughfares in London. If we were not being followed by several dozen cabs, something would be wrong. Check the gun and be ready. It is not far now.”
“I thought I might go for a gold medal in cuddling?” he teased.
“Salerio's wife divorced him some years back and he took up with Lowen once the divorce was finalized”, he said airily. “As you know I helped Solario come over to join his brother, and they formed a very happy
Even two hundred miles away, someone remained a bad influence on me. An influence I missed more and more each passing day.
by Sergeant Galleron LeStrade
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Adventure Of The Three Garridebs
I visited poor Lion in the sanatorium every day for the next week, despite his protests. At first he did not want to eat but Mother soon persuaded him out of that and by the end of his first week he looked a little better, unless that was just my wishful thinking. Or more likely my guilty conscience; I had slept little myself. I discussed various trivial news items with him during my time there and made sure to mention that Mr. Holmes was having problems with a major crime syndicate, although I did not know any details.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“The body was found by Miss Dallas herself out for her regular morning constitution”, the policeman said. “Most distressing for her, poor lass. Thankfully she had the good sense not to touch it and I only had a brief glimpse, but I think he had likely been out there all night. There is something else. His Lordship had a hunting party into yesterday evening and they were shooting down in the woods. He put up red flags on the fence around the edge as he was supposed to do, but someone tore them down.”
'What picture?' said Sherlock. 'Why a picture—a picture,' replied Molly, hesitatingly—'but I never could make out exactly what it was about, either.'
. “Oh, I see,” seethed John. “Trying to wind me up before Tuesday, is that it?  Don’t think you can beat me, so you try to fuck with me a little? Do you actually care who I shag, or is being a homophobe just fucking coincidence?”
Moriarty smiled satirically at what Sherlock had written, but did not object to it, and Sherlock withdrew to his own apartment, where he sat down to begin a letter to John, in which he related the particulars of his journey, and his arrival at Venice, described some of the most striking scenes in the passage over the Alps; his emotions on the first view of Italy; the manners and characters of the Venetians, and some few circumstances of Moriarty's conduct. But he avoided even naming Count Wilkes, much more the declaration he had made, not wishing to give John even the slightest reason for believing he had a rival.
The intelligent eyes of Sherlock seemed to read what passed in the mind of his father, and he fixed them on his face, with an expression of such tender pity, as recalled Holmes’s thoughts and he remembered only, that he must leave his son, not yet of age, without protection. The sun now threw a last yellow gleam on the waves of the Mediterranean, and the gloom of twilight spread fast over the scene, till only a melancholy ray appeared on the western horizon.
Sherlock bit at his tongue; these were the precepts to which he himself aspired, but never before had the struggle seemed so hollow.
. “Well then, it sounds like a date. Are you getting the bus over in the morning?”
“I think you might be right there Irene… that was a nasty fall from the rings he had earlier, did land in an almost flat position… here Bill Murray has a 6.2 difficulty score to start. Moving up along the horse, good swing and nice tempo….”
“Thanks, mate, lovely stuff, we couldn’t get a photo, could we?” Getting out from the building is a maze of tiny corridors and selfies with BBC staff that John feels like he can’t refuse. Lestrade is no help, hungover as shit, wandering round with a paper cup of coffee and peeking into the rooms full of cables, computers and complexity.  Then he berates John for looking a bit uptight.
'Above all, my dear Sherlock,' said he, 'do not indulge in the pride of fine feeling, the romantic error of amiable minds. Those, who really possess sensibility, ought early to be taught, that it is a dangerous quality, which is continually extracting the excess of misery, or delight, from every surrounding circumstance. And, since, in our passage through this world, painful circumstances occur more frequently than pleasing ones, and since our sense of evil is, I fear, more acute than our sense of good, we become the victims of our feelings, unless we can in some degree command them’.
“Mike!” exclaimed Molly. “I think it’s nice,” she said, “very… colourful.”
The evening before John's Parallel bars and Pommel Horse finals, Team GB needs to attend a formal function.  Time to suit up.
Molly at length appeared, but brought no intelligence of John, 'But here is a fine piece of business!’ said she. ‘The rest of the party are just arrived, ma'am; they came scampering in, as if they would have broken their necks; one scarcely knew whether the man, or his horse would get within the gates first. And they have brought word—and such news! they have brought word, that a party of the enemy, as they call them, are coming towards the castle.'
The leotard is gross, clammy with sweat and sticking to his skin as he peels it off and drops it on the floor. Mrs. Hudson, like the backstage pro that she is, passes him a towel of the preferred degree of softness before squirting him with some baby powder so his skin is completely dry - it’s impossible to get ballet tights on when your skin is even slightly damp.
“Oh it’s fine, Gavin,” says Sherlock, rising smoothly to his feet. “Mary wasn’t expecting to see me, that’s all. You see, she’d been informed that I’d died. Killed, as it happens, on the roof of this very stadium.”
The visit of Moriarty was not to sooth his husband, whom he knew to be dying, or to console, or to ask forgiveness, but to make a last effort to procure that signature, which would transfer Mycroft’s estates in Languedoc, after his death, to him rather than to Sherlock. This was a scene, that exhibited, on his part, his usual inhumanity, and, on that of Monsieur Mycroft, a persevering spirit, contending with a feeble frame; while Sherlock rebuked Moriarty that the last hours of his brother should be disturbed by contention. Moriarty, however, did not leave the room, till his husband, exhausted by the obstinate dispute, had fainted, and he lay so long insensible, that Sherlock began to fear that the spark of life would be extinguished. At length, Mycroft revived, and, looking feebly up at his brother, made an effort to speak, but his words were unintelligible. After a time, however, he recovered his speech, and, being somewhat restored by a cordial, conversed for a considerable time, on the subject of his estates in France, with clearness and precision. He directed Sherlock where to find some papers relative to them, which he had hitherto concealed from the search of Moriarty, and earnestly charged Sherlock never to suffer these papers to escape him.
'My brother IS murdered, then!' said Sherlock in an inward voice, and shuddering instantaneously. Sherlock, recollecting the attempt that had been made to carry him off, asked if the contriver of it had been discovered. Molly replied, that he had not, though he might easily be guessed at; and then told Sherlock he might thank her for deliverance.  'I was determined to be even with Barnardine for refusing to tell me the secret, by finding it out myself; so I watched you, on the terrace, and, as soon as he had opened the door at the end, I stole out from the castle, to try to follow you; for, says I, I am sure no good can be planned, or why all this secrecy? So, sure enough, he had not bolted the door after him, and, when I opened it, I saw, by the glimmer of the torch, at the other end of the passage, which way you were going. I followed the light, at a distance, till you came to the vaults of the chapel, and there I was afraid to go further, for I had heard strange things about these vaults.’
Douglas’ arguments appeared to be effective, and they, at length, prevailed so far, as that Moran consented to retire, without seeing Moriarty. Deep in thought, Sherlock proceeded to his brother’s apartment.
it was good too but he can’t
We've already looked at the Opening Ceremony uniforms but there are different uniforms for just hanging about the Village and so forth.  In the case of Team GB, these were also
He remained alone in his apartment, sometimes yielding to the influence of grief and terror, and, at others, endeavouring to fortify his mind against them, and to prepare himself to meet, with composed courage, the scene of the following morning, when all the stratagem of Wilkes and the violence of Moriarty would be united against him.
While he was in this state of perplexity, the shepherd himself appeared: his children ran to meet him; he took one of them in his arms, and, with the other clinging to his coat, came forward with a loitering step. His forlorn and melancholy look determined John at once; he threw down all the money he had, except a very few louis, and bounded away after Holmes and Sherlock, who were proceeding slowly up the steep. John had seldom felt his heart so light as at this moment; his spirits danced with pleasure; every object around him appeared more interesting, or beautiful, than before. Sherlock observed the uncommon vivacity of his countenance: 'What has pleased you so much?' said he. 'O what a lovely day,' replied John, 'how brightly the sun shines, how pure is this air, what enchanting scenery!' 'It is indeed enchanting,' said Holmes, whom early experience had taught to understand the nature of John's present feelings. 'What pity that the wealthy, who can command such sunshine, should ever pass their days in gloom—in the cold shade of selfishness! For you, my young friend, may the sun always shine as brightly as at this moment; may your own conduct always give you the sunshine of benevolence and reason united!'
Jealousy and revenge lent all their fury to Wilkes, while the superior skill and the temperance of Moriarty enabled him to wound his adversary, whom his servants now attempted to seize, but he would not be restrained, and, regardless of his wound, continued to fight. He seemed to be insensible both of pain and loss of blood, and alive only to the energy of his passions. Moriarty, on the contrary, persevered in the combat, with a fierce, yet guarded, valour; he received the point of Wilkes's sword on his arm, but, almost in the same instant, severely wounded and disarmed him. The Count then fell back into the arms of his servant, while Moriarty held his sword over him, and bade him ask his life. Wilkes, sinking under the anguish of his wound, had scarcely replied by a gesture, and by a few words, feebly articulated, that he would not—when he fainted; and Moriarty was then going to have plunged the sword into his breast, as he lay senseless, but his arm was arrested by Douglas. To the interruption he yielded without much difficulty, but his complexion changed almost to blackness, as he looked upon his fallen adversary, and ordered, that he should be carried instantly from the castle before striding away.
'Then leave me, sir,' said he, drawing himself up to his full height, 'leave me instantly.'
The southern sun diffus'd his dazzling sheen.
“Mmm!” says Mike, pointing at the queue with his jumbo coke.
Sherlock turned to him, eyes the intense blue of the Atlantic. “People die doing it,” he said eventually, before looking back out at the horizon.
(See the end of the chapter for
The scores flash up for this guy (from Cyprus) and it’s then John realizes he has no idea of where Sherlock is placed or even how far along the competition is, other than the start time was a few hours ago. There’s a ‘14’ that flashes up next to the guy’s score, but what is that?  Is he the 14
“Nice one mate!” John called up, applauding.  “Don’t look at us like you’re surprised though!”
“Going behind your coach’s back? Not sure I can support that,” said John, looking over at Sarah as if he was scandalised at the very thought.
“Right, it must be, yes,” says Connie, who is clearly also following the ‘say the same thing three different ways, it takes longer’ theory.   “With your competition over now, what are you planning for the rest of the games?  Will you be checking out some of the other events?”
At this melancholy period Holmes was likewise visited by Monsieur Mycroft, the son of his wife’s previous marriage, who had been some years a widower, and now resided on his own estate near Tholouse. The intercourse between them had not been very frequent; Mycroft had been raised by the family of his father, who had not thought it necessary to maintain much of a relationship between the infant and his mother. In his condolements, words were not wanting; he assured Holmes that he sincerely sympathized with him, praised the virtues of his late mother, and then offered what he considered to be consolation. Sherlock could not bear to look upon him while he spoke; Holmes was tranquil, listened to what he said in silence, and then turned the discourse upon another subject.
Sherlock, shocked at the indelicacy of this accusation, still more than by the vulgarity of the former, instantly forgot the pride, that had imposed silence, and endeavoured to vindicate himself from the aspersion, but Monsieur Mycroft was not to be convinced.
The last strain of distant music now died in air, for the gondola was far upon the waves, and the party determined to have music of their own. The Count Wilkes, who sat next to Sherlock, and who had been observing him for some time in silence, snatched up a violin, and played with the finger of harmony herself, then later his voice, a fine tenor, sang in a rondeau full of tender sadness.
John and Sherlock continue their investigations and leave the confines of the Olympic Village.  Meanwhile, the gymnastics programme continues with the vaulting final.
The belief that goblets and glassware made on Murano island in Venice would shiver and shatter when poison was poured into them was prevalent in the 16th century, although sadly it is in fact not the case.  It was great for sales though - Venetian glass was extremely expensive. Here is an example from 1580 which you may imagine exploding in Moriarty's hand.
The travellers, as they descended, gradually, exchanged the region of winter for the genial warmth and beauty of spring. The sky began to assume that serene and beautiful tint peculiar to the climate of Italy; patches of young verdure, fragrant shrubs and flowers looked gaily among the rocks, often fringing their rugged brows, or hanging in tufts from their broken sides; and the buds of the oak and mountain ash were expanding into foliage. Descending lower, the orange and the myrtle, every now and then, appeared in some sunny nook, with their yellow blossoms peeping from among the dark green of their leaves, and mingling with the scarlet flowers of the pomegranate and the paler ones of the arbutus, that ran mantling to the crags above; while, lower still, spread the pastures of Piedmont, where early flocks were cropping the luxuriant herbage of spring.
, because the phone, travelling at some speed, struck the bottom of a stiff plastic bag, crumpling the base and sending its contents spilling out in a stream of metallic green to puddle at Sherlock’s feet.
The night air is cool and fragrant as John jumps down the steps, one by one. He squints up at the statue high up on the mountainside, its silhouette recognizable even if the details can’t be made out.
(See the end of the chapter for
'Who are you?' demanded Sherlock, in a tone of mingled terror and outrage, while he still struggled for liberty—'who are you, that have the impudence thus to insult me?'
Sherlock tried to tranquillize his spirits, but anxiety made him constantly listen for some sound, and often look out upon the ramparts, where all, however, was lonely and still. As a sense of his own immediate danger had decreased, his apprehension concerning Mycroft heightened, who, he remembered, had been fiercely threatened with confinement in the east turret, and it was possible, that his husband had satisfied his present vengeance with this punishment. Sherlock, therefore, determined, when night should return, and the inhabitants of the castle should be asleep, to explore the way to the turret, which, as the direction it stood in was mentioned, appeared not very difficult to be done. He knew, indeed, that although his brother might be there, there was little possibility of affording him effectual assistance, but it might give Mycroft some comfort even to know, that he was discovered; for himself, any certainty, concerning his brother’s fate, appeared more tolerable, than this exhausting suspense.
, I’m pissed off right now, I’ve worked so hard and come all this way and… I don’t even know, John. I don’t know what to
John has a rest day to recover from today's exertions, but finds it rudely interrupted (all in the name of crime-solving, of course).
Twilight had now spread its gloom over every object; the dismal obscurity of his chamber recalled fearful thoughts, but he remembered, that to procure a light he must pass through a great extent of the castle, and, above all, through the halls, where he had already experienced so much horror. Darkness, indeed, in the present state of his spirits, made silence and solitude terrible; it would also prevent the possibility of his finding the way to the turret, and condemn him to remain in suspense, concerning the fate of his brother.
“It was in my pocket!” said John, incensed.
'I fear, to thy peril, my good Molly,' said Sherlock; 'for it seems her verses have stolen thy heart. But let me advise you; if it is so, keep the secret; never let her know it.'
John stepped forward, waved to the crowd as “John Watson, Great Britain” was called over the PA. Before the man next to him had even stepped forward the crowd was screaming, yelling; you could only hear the “Sergio Sasaki, Brazil” if you really strained. A little thought scurried into John’s brain:
'It was only the wind,' said Sherlock, 'but do come to the end of your story.'
Her mansion in this fleshly nook!
He looked on the face of the person who spoke, but the feeble light, that gleamed through the high casement at the end of the gallery, did not permit him to distinguish the features.
The entrance of supper somewhat interrupted the complacent discourse of Monsieur Mycroft and the painful considerations, which it had forced upon Sherlock. When the repast, which was rendered ostentatious by the attendance of a great number of servants, and by a profusion of desserts, was over, Sherlock retired to his chamber, which was small and at the back of the house.
Sherlock’s eyes go wide as he replays John’s query in his head. “John, um ... I think you should know that I consider myself married to my work, and while I’m flattered by your interest, I’m really not looking for any...”
At length, Moriarty, who seemed amused by Sherlock’s tale, dismissed him with this concession—That he would not remove Monsieur Mycroft tonight, but allow him till the next to consider, whether he would resign the settlements, or be imprisoned in the east turret of the castle, 'where he shall find,' Moariarty added, 'a punishment he may not expect.'
'What fiend could tempt him, or you, to such an act!' cried Sherlock, chilled with horror.
“Yeah, well.” He smirks. “Sherlock was tired of protein bars, so…. Shit, mate, are you ok?”
Still he listened, but heard footsteps neither on the stairs, or in the room above; he thought, however, that he again distinguished Barnardine's voice below, and went to a grated window, that opened upon the court, to enquire further. Here, he plainly heard his hoarse accents, mingling with the blast, that swept by, but they were lost again so quickly, that their meaning could not be interpreted; and then the light of a torch, which seemed to issue from the portal below, flashed across the court, and the long shadow of a man, who was under the arch-way, appeared upon the pavement. Sherlock concluded it to be that of Barnardine; but other deep tones, which passed in the wind, soon was evidence that Barnardine was not alone, and that his companion was not a person very liable to pity.
The side of John’s nose twitches. “Hang on – you were saying ‘Sorry’ a minute ago. Don’t spoil it. Go on: what have I done that’s so bloody stimulating?”
'What action can I take? Is it for me to accelerate my fate?,' said he to himself: 'for whatever I may be reserved, let me, at least, avoid self-reproach.'  As he looked on the massy walls of the edifice, his melancholy spirits represented it to be a prison; how far distant he was from his native country, from his little peaceful home, and from his only friend—how remote was hope of happiness, how feeble the expectation of again seeing him!
A few notes:
in Italy - you'll have to imagine your own spooky figures, as it's now a hotel and events venue.
Sherlock looked at John, blond hair glinting in the sunshine, expression stern except for the wrinkles ticking up at the corners of his eyes.
“Mystery, mate,” said John, budging Mike aside and making his way into the room for a fresh round of applause.
“Mate, how is that even a question? It was shocking and you know it. Not all the muscles in the world will help you with that one, I don’t think.” John groaned.
Sherlock looked momentarily conflicted, clasping his hands in his lap. “17.287,” he said primly.
“Well, maybe that’s just something we do better in the artistic world,” replied John.
Sherlock stares straight ahead.
Through which Aurora shews her brightening face;
“Lestrade had better watch himself then,” John says, half to himself. “Oh, c’mon, don’t tell me you didn’t see that too?”
Sherlock now was given a small lamp that Barnardine lit from his torch and directed into a large old chamber, and he closed the door. As he listened anxiously to his departing steps, he thought he descended, instead of ascending, the stairs; but the gusts of wind, that whistled round the portal, would not allow him to hear distinctly any other sound. Still, however, he listened, and, perceiving no step in the room above, where he had affirmed Mycroft to be, his anxiety increased, though he considered, that the thickness of the floor in this strong building might prevent any sound reaching him from the upper chamber. The next moment, in a pause of the wind, he distinguished Barnardine's step descending to the court, and then thought he heard his voice; but, the rising gust again overcoming other sounds, Sherlock, to be certain on this point, moved softly to the door, which, on attempting to open it, he discovered was fastened. All the horrid apprehensions, that had lately assailed him, returned at this instant with redoubled force, and no longer appeared like the exaggerations of a timid spirit, but seemed to have been sent to warn him of his doom. Sherlock now did not doubt, that Mycroft had been murdered, perhaps in this very chamber; or that he himself was brought hither for the same purpose. The countenance, the manners and the recollected words of Barnardine, when he had spoken of his brother, confirmed these fears.
On the following day, before M. Anderson departed, he had a second conference with Holmes.
'Indeed, ma'am, I say nothing more than the truth, and not all of that. But I thought, myself, he might have found something better to discourse about, than the faults of his own brother, even if you had been in fault, monsieur; but I did not believe a word of what he said. But my master does not care what she says against any body, for that matter.'
Sherlock still gazed on the countenance, examining its features, but he knew not where to detect the charm that captivated his attention, and inspired sentiments of such interest and pity. Dark brown hair played carelessly along the open forehead; the nose was rather inclined to aquiline; the lips spoke in a smile, but it was a melancholy one; the eyes were blue, and were directed upwards with an expression of peculiar meekness, while the soft cloud of the brow spoke of the fine sensibility of the temper.
SHAKESPEARE
: a long installment brings some letters from M. Anderson, a spooky remote castle, and kindly peasants.
him. He never replies.”
The Count's servants having declared, that they would not move him till he revived, Moriarty's stood inactive, Douglas remonstrating, and Sherlock, abusing Wilke’s servants as the densest of fools, bade them bind up his wound if they wished their master to survive the night.
“Sherlock, did you know that the prize money on Strictly Come Dancing is one hundred thousand pounds?” John licks his lips. “Wouldn’t even have to win to get enough money to rent a nice little flat in London while we finish uni, my residency; not much, we wouldn’t need much space, I thought, and then if we both earnt some extra on the side, we’d be doing pretty well, I thought, wouldn’t have to survive on beans and toast and we could go to the sea, to the Calanques, just like you talked about. We could do that every year even, if we went on the cheap, if that’s what you wanted, Sherlock, because that’s what I want.” He licks his lips.
protect people. Alone gets you stabbed on a fucking rooftop, you utter
John felt an answering grin. “So, how do you two know each other?”
'What, monsieur, don't you remember Hopkins—who rowed the Cavaliero's gondola, at the last regatta, and won the prize? And who used to sing such sweet verses under my lattice, in the west portico, on the moon-light nights at Venice? O! I have listened to her!'—-
Presently, a barge stopped at the steps that led into the gardens, and, soon after, he distinguished the voices of Moriarty and Anderson, and then that of the Count Wilkes, who, in the next moment, appeared. His compliments Sherlock received in silence, and his cold air seemed at first to discompose him; but Wilkes soon recovered his usual gaiety of manner.
The folded flocks penn'd in their watled cotes,
Sherlock was interrupted by the growling of the dog, who now came again from the bed, and Wilkes looked towards the door of the stair-case, where no person appearing, he called aloud, 'Cesario!'
. And not by me, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
The knot of athletes spilled off the bus and headed into the Team GB building, with union jacks and lions stuck up proudly on every flat surface. Bellowing the national anthem, Mike led them into the common room.
So that was all a bit nail-biting. Nerve-wracking, even.
“So, um, they gave me this little statue thing too,” John said awkwardly, delving into his bag to hide his face.  “Here, look,” he held up the small statuette of the games’ logo before passing it to Sarah.
“Yep.”
'Charming Sherlock!' said he, 'give up this foolish whim for solitude, and come with me to the company, and eclipse the beauties who make part of it; you, only, are worthy of my love.' He attempted to kiss him, but the strong impulse of Sherlock’s resentment gave him power to liberate himself, and landing a handy blow upon the officer, he fled towards the chamber. He closed the door, before he reached it, having secured which, he sunk in a chair, while outside he heard his assailant’s voice, and his attempts to open the door.
Holmes, on hearing this odd question, and observing the peculiar tone in which it was delivered, looked out from the carriage. 'We are travellers,' said he, 'who are in search of a house of accommodation for the night; is there any hereabout?'
if you wear top and bottoms.
“Ooh, ooh, have you got it? Did you bring it?” said Molly, perching at the end of the room’s narrow bed and looking at John eagerly.
“Well, I bet I can get someone from all eight continents by the closing ceremony. Show you a thing or two, old man,” chipped in Anderson.
Whence all his tears, his tender sorrows, rise;
Placed far amid the melancholy main,
“Not telling,” John said, tucking the phone away. Sherlock finally turned from the window to give John a penetrating stare. “No, it’s a secret. Figure it out on your own.”
'That will scarcely be possible,' muttered Sherlock, as he followed the winding of the passage, which opened into another gallery: and then Molly, perceiving that she had missed her way, while she had been so eloquently haranguing on ghosts and goblins, wandered about through other passages and galleries, till, at length, frightened by their intricacies and desolation, she called aloud for assistance: but they were beyond the hearing of the servants, who were on the other side of the castle, and Sherlock now opened the door of a chamber on the left.
Mycroft grabbed at the cloak of his husband, bewailing his cruelty. Moriarty, however, soon interrupted these entreaties with a horrible oath; and, as he burst from his husband, leaving his cloak, in his hand, he struck Sherlock, who fell to the floor, with a force, that occasioned him a severe blow on the forehead. Sherlock’s attention was called from himself, by a deep groan from Monsieur Mycroft, who continued otherwise unmoved in his chair, and Sherlock saw his eyes rolling, and his features convulsed.
He is a great observer, and he looks
Sherlock was silent, and turned to leave the room, but Mycroft called her back. 'O you are guilty, then,' said he, 'you do know the hand.' 'If you was before in doubt of this, Monsieur,' replied Sherlock calmly, 'why did you accuse me of having told a falsehood?'
John snorts. “And what’s that?”
'Do you know this hand?' said he, in a severe tone, and with a look that was intended to search his heart, while Sherlock examined the letter with a show of great attention, assured his brother that he did not. He had, of course, instantly deduced by the strong, upright characters of the letter ‘H’ that John Watson was his brother’s correspondent.
It led Sherlock to the door of a landing-place, that terminated them, but he was unable to follow it farther. Now that he was so near the sought-for certainty, he dreaded to know it, even more than before, and had not fortitude sufficient to speak, or to attempt opening the door.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock rubs his scalp, where John’s hands had checked him for injury just moments ago, and gestures to the unconscious body next to him as he winces himself up into a sitting position. “It’s the attacker, John.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Moriarty now left the room, without awaiting a reply, and returned to the cedar chamber, where such of the chevaliers as had not before seen Sherlock, began to rally him, on the discovery they had made; but Moriarty did not appear disposed to bear this mirth, and they changed the subject.
'Signor,' said Verezzi, 'we believe only what we know.'—'How!' interrupted Moriarty, sternly: 'produce your proof, or die by my hand.'
His melancholy was assisted by the hollow sighings of the wind along the corridor and round the castle. The cheerful blaze of the wood had long been extinguished, and he sat with eyes fixed on the dying embers, till a loud gust, that swept through the corridor, and shook the doors and casements, alarmed him, for its violence had moved the chair he had placed as a fastening, and the door, leading to the private stair-case stood half open. His curiosity and fears were again awakened. Sherlock took the lamp to the top of the steps, and stood hesitating whether to go down; but again the profound stillness and the gloom of the place intimidated him, and, determining to enquire further, when day-light might assist the search, he closed the door, and placed against it a stronger guard.
John catches the look between Mary and her coach as another pair of clubs come out of the bag.
“No,” says John, shaking his arm free of his coach’s grip. “Also, I need to change my song.”
then, if that’s what
that has to be it; there is justice in the world along with truth and beauty and love so surely, surely, please god, let it be enough.
“Wakey, wakey,” said a voice from the darkness, deep and wholly unexpected.
Ah! paint his form, his soul-illumin'd eyes,
'Well, if that is the case, you shall hear.—You know, I suppose, that the Signor and his husband used sometimes to disagree. It is none of my concerns to enquire what it was about, but I believe you know it was so.'
“I’ll just get my phone,” said Mary, running over to her ‘bodyguard’.”
John flushed again. That had been exactly what he was thinking. “How old are you, then?”
Monsieur Mycroft did not perceive the meaning of this too satirical sentence, and he, therefore, escaped any indignation at the barbs his brother had detected. 'O! here comes Signor Moriarty himself,' said he, 'I protest I will tell him all the fine things you have been saying to me.' The Signor, however, passed at this moment into another walk. 'Pray, who is it, that has so much engaged your friend this evening?' asked Monsieur Mycroft, with an air of chagrin, 'I have not seen him once.'
An uncertain kind of terror pervaded Sherlock's mind; the circumstances of the past hour still came dimly and confusedly to his memory; and his thoughts were various and rapid, without decisive conclusions.
You cannot bar my constant feet to trace
'I also wished to speak with you on this topic, sir,' said Sherlock.
'At sun-set, Signor,' replied one or two of them, and walked away; while Sherlock approached Moriarty. Sherlock endeavoured to intercede for his brother and represented to his sudden illness. 'He suffers by his own folly,' said Moriarty, 'and is not to be pitied;—he knows how she may avoid these sufferings in future—if he is removed to the turret, it will be his own fault. Let him be obedient, and sign the writings you heard of, and I will think no more of it.'
'Your excellenza is welcome to the castle,' said the old man, as he raised himself from the hearth, where he had laid the wood: 'it has been a lonely place a long while; but you will excuse it, Signor, knowing we had but short notice. It is near two years, come next feast of St. Mark, since your excellenza was within these walls.'
“Calm down, Mister Smooth,” laughed Bill, rubbing at his arm. “At least I can get out of my own way when chatting someone up!”
Sherlock started up, and ran to Monsieur Mycroft’s room. When he entered, his brother appeared to have fainted, for he was quite still, and insensible; and Sherlock with great strength of mind applied every means that seemed likely to restore him. But the last struggle was over—he was gone for ever.
John nods and smiles, and keeps smiling until the cameraman sticks his head out and tells them it’s clear. John exhales and downs the rest of the water.
“And how is it that you know when he was attacked, mmm?” John asks hotly.
All that the genial ray of morning gilds,
'I mean to expend thirty or forty thousand livres on improvements,' said M. Anderson, without seeming to notice the words of Holmes; 'for I design, next summer, to bring here my friends, the Duke de Durefort and the Marquis Ramont, to pass a month or two with me.' To Holmes's enquiry, as to these intended improvements, he replied, that he should take down the whole east wing of the chateau, and raise upon the site a set of stables. 'Then I shall build,' said he, 'a salle a manger, a salon, a salle au commune, and a number of rooms for servants; for at present there is not accommodation for a third part of my own people.'
'Perhaps, then, I am a little superstitious, monsieur; and, if you knew what I do, you might be so too. Strange things have happened there. Monsieur, your good father, appeared to have known the late Marchioness.' 'Pray inform me what did happen?' said Sherlock, striving for a detached tone.
'As I was saying—O, where was I?—as I was saying—she was very melancholy and unhappy a long while, and used to walk about upon the terrace, there, under the windows, by herself, and cry so! it would have done your heart good to hear her. That is—I don't mean good, but it would have made you cry too, as they tell me.'
John’s eyes were dark and wild when he looked at Sherlock, who could do naught but nod before John claimed his lips with ferocious passion, mesmerised as John pulled the clothes from his own body then laid Sherlock down upon them, his body quivering as John exposed his skin to the sultry air of the night.  John was marble in the moon-light, the planes of his chest shadowy and strong, the jagged knot on his shoulder visible even in the darkness; Sherlock’s head was thrown back as kisses were laved upon his neck, his back arched as John’s mouth swept over his chest and stomach before pausing over the dark grove between his legs where Sherlock trembled for John’s touch.  Sherlock’s hand explored the soft curve of John’s cheek, his ear, his head; it was as the swelling of a gentle hill against the sharp lines of the elevated peaks of Sherlock’s spread knees.
'Please your honour, he may be a robber,' said Michael. Holmes considered there may be some grounds for this apprehension; and determined to return to the road.
Someone moves in front of the urinal between them and John hurriedly tucks himself back into his pants and moves over to the sinks. In a few moments Sieger is at the taps next to him, looking inquisitive and John is lamely trying to explain about the athlete seating regulations.
'Thank God!' exclaimed Sherlock, fervently, 'there is yet a hope left for me, then!'
“Oh, what’s this big one?” Sieger says, and even as Sherlock turns his head down to look at what his aged father has pulled out of the envelope, John knows with a sick feeling of dread what it is.
'Nobody, I believe' replied Molly, 'nobody has been with him, I believe, since I left you.'
‘—when you return home, go to it; and, beneath the board I have described, you will find a purse of about two hundred louis d’ors; and a packet of written papers. Attend to me now, for the promise you have given particularly relates to what I shall direct. These papers you must burn—and, solemnly I command you, WITHOUT EXAMINING THEM.'
Sherlock turned to look at John. Blond tousled hair, tanned skin. He found his attention pinned by the pink tongue that darted out at the corner of John’s mouth. “Twenty-three,” he murmured.
“If it involves a peer of the realm being duped it becomes my business”, Sherlock said. “I would like to show you something but I warn you now, you will not be pleased with it.”
It was three years since the start of the Great War yet here we were, over a thousand days and far too many broken young bodies later, and it was pretty much a stalemate. Britannia continued to rule the waves and Imperial Germany’s use of unrestricted submarine warfare in an attempt to stop that had finally brought the United States into the war on our side. But more than balancing that out was the loss of our allies the Russians, whose constitutional sufferings (partly facilitated by the vile Hun) had allowed that bastard Kaiser Bill to transfer more and more troops to his southern and western fronts. Stalemate but something had to give soon, either the increasingly beleaguered Allied trench lines which would not receive American reinforcements for some time, or the tottering German economy.
The not-smirk was as annoying as ever, though!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Distraction sex when I will let you eat the Branksome's éclairs that I bought you off my naked chest while....”
“Gentlemen”, Sherlock said firmly, “I think that we are achieving little out here other than to get soused by your Stewartry weather. May I suggest that we adjourn to somewhere drier, and we can discuss what has happened? Also  for the doctor to examine the body.”
The Adventure Of The Unpowdered Nose
He looked at us tearfully. Showing his usual great timeliness, Sherlock stepped in to prevent what was threatening to become a Moment.
The visit of king-emperor and president to the theatre was for obvious reasons done anonymously, and judging from the large but not massive crowds waiting outside the secrecy had worked. I only hoped that Sherlock's preparations to prevent any attack would work, too.
After all these years he still looked uncertainly at me when I said things like that. I knew that he thought nothing of his looks but it was like I had read somewhere; with some people the goodness just shone through. I continued to play with him and he smiled goofily at me.
“They turned out to be an old prayer-book, and old chair and a horrible modern painting”, he said. “None of them worth more than five quid!”
They all looked at me uncertainly.
The reason for my annoyance was that a certain consulting detective, one who was not getting laid (and that included doing any laying) any time soon, had gone and lied to me. Well, not exactly lied but certainly been more than a little economical with the truth. When he had asked me how I had felt about a visit to Marseilles I had pictured a lovely spring break in the south of France, Sherlock in a swimming costume, sandy beaches, Sherlock in a swimming costume, fine wines, Sherlock in a swimming costume, good food, Sherlock out of a swimming costume..... a whole load of things. It was fortunate that I did not have a one-track mind, really.
The part of the world to which I had fled over three decades ago had become an important theatre in the war, with the Ottoman Empire threatening the vital Suez Canal link and Great Britain's direct links with its eastern Imperial possessions. With the Western Front claiming so many British and Imperial lives the defence of that waterway had been secured but hopes for an advance into the Holy Land had stalled, until two weeks ago when our brave men had won a great victory at the Third Battle of Gaza.
For some reason I had never quite got round to telling her that. Memory like a sieve.
The Adventure Of The Welsh Wordsmith
“You are asking me to go to the Welsh March and look for someone called Jones?” I said archly. “That is, to coin a phrase, a needle in several shires full of hay-fields.”
I asked what had brought our visitor to Sussex.
The building of Stonehenge and yes, more sex
“You like it better when I choose not to have mercy!” I grinned. “Back to our room, beloved.”
The Adventure Of The Red Circle
Descent Into Purgatory
“It is not.”
have that in their blood. There is no other way that it could have come about, and as the children are not Lord Trelawney's blood he will not be obliged to pay a penny towards them.”
“Getting worse!” he sighed. “He
“A tall scruffy fellow is walking down from the front of the train and looking into each compartment”, I said.
“How can he not be sure that the Americans are not listening in on his conversations with that randy lit.... with his brother?” he scowled.
John coughed for no apparent reason. I glared at him. That had better not have been any form of snark or he would be paying for it back at the hotel, sexagenarian or not.
1914. In the months before the terrible Great War, the suffragettes continue in their determined and successful efforts to lose public support while Sherlock and John discuss films (which, Sherlock being Sherlock, leads to Sherlock discussing Something Else). John is also able to help out the son of someone who still leers at his man.
Nine months to go.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
As I have so often said, he really was trying to kill me through sex. Well, just let him try!
The Adventure Of The Loose Australian
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
→→→→1.1.1.2: Catherine (1939-2000) = Christian Holmes I, grandson of Tantalus Holmes
I led the way out into the corridor and we hurried towards the rear end of the coach where there was a lavatory and hence no window outside. But it was only a three-coach train and the fellow would soon be just yards away from us.
“He and his dear Tiny”, our guest assured us. “Both behaving as badly as ever, of course. It is the political situation that brings me here today, for in your unwelcome guest downstairs I see a rather interesting opportunity.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Adventure Of The Nonpareil Knave
The soldier had clearly not been expecting that.
He shook his head.
I hated it!
A week later, I learned that Mr. Pym had not taken Miss Terry's advice and had gone after yet another of Mr. Holmes's friends. I felt quite sorry – for the Thames, which was dirty enough as it was.
Of course I did, even if Mr. Tantalus Holmes was strictly speaking not even Sherlock's nephew let alone mine. Ostensibly the son of Sherlock's obnoxious eldest brother Mycroft he was in fact one of many offspring of the prodigious – all right, randy as hell Prince (now King) Tane of Strafford Island, whose state visit to Great Britain some decades back had left me exhausted while trying to keep tabs on the dog and many ladies in London society with more than a little explaining to do nine months down the line. The belated realization of how he had been cuckolded had been the last straw in the long overdue collapse of Mr. Mycroft Holmes's marriage, and I had been worried at the time that Sherlock's eldest brother might find some way to try to get back at us over it, since of course we were to blame for all
really did not need to leave our playthings out on the floor like that! I was never that untidy.
“Miss Alexandra Ockham”, he said calmly.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Ginger grinned.
A priest who conducts sermons while wearing lacy.... yes
“I am going to take this opportunity to remind you of something”, I pressed. “The doctor and I always follow justice first and the law second. Having met the general I have little doubt that his youngest son was not happy at home, and it is my guess that his father had forced him into a military career. If you trust us with the truth of what really happened, I promise that we shall put the boy's interests first and foremost.”
He was attending Sandhurst as an assistant to his 'preferred' fellow Japanese Riichi whom he loathed for his status and popularity. Knowing his preference for handsome men he tried to first blackmail and then murder him but was stopped; Sherlock offered him the unusual way out in order to spare his family back in Japan from dishonour.
“Bert who?”
The Adventure Of The District Messenger
I could see why John had threatened to write to Mother about some of our adventures. If she ever learned about what was going on up in Rigsby..... the mind boggled as to what she might come out with! Never mind Sussex; I would start looking at Timbuctoo! Or Mars!
“I do not think that he was”, she said quietly, “if only because Holly is usually right on these things. But I would admit that that may just be wishful thinking on my part. Thank you, Mr. Holmes.”
We made ourselves fairly decent and I only had to kiss John twice to stop him grumbling before we descended to let my nephew in. I should point out (because several of John's readers asked and he did not mention the fact) that after the rebuilding we had ordered it had two full-sized bedrooms, one upstairs and one down because.....
The day before what Sherlock somehow knew would be the next attack – he was bound to be right but he was always quite insufferably smug when I admitted it and surely even at this late stage there had to be a first time for his omniscience to fail – we went to Paddington Station where we met Miss Kelley. The three of us then journeyed up to Oxford from where we took a local train to the little market town of King’s Linton. The Forston, Milton and Wolfstown Railway did continue on to serve Stalwarton but Sherlock did not want to go there just yet. In the Grease Monkey tavern (honestly, modern pub names!) we met with Lady Bradstock.
Meanwhile Holmes and Sherlock approached the cottage, and rested themselves on a rustic bench, fastened between two pines, which overshadowed it, till John should return.
Late as it was, however, Holmes was obliged to go out with the landlord to buy meat for supper; and Sherlock, who, during this interval, had been looking to their rooms, which he found rather better than he had initially deduced, found himself returning to converse with John alone. They talked of the character of the scenes they had passed, of the natural history of the country, of developments in science, of poetry, and Sherlock amused John by deducing the inn’s other guests.
Meanwhile, the travellers pursued their journey mostly in silence; with intermittent lectures from Mycroft on the general wrongness of Sherlock’s character, conduct and precepts. At length, these unpleasant sermons were interrupted by the arrival of the travellers at Tholouse; and Sherlock, who had not been there for many years, and had only a very faint recollection of it, was surprised at the ostentatious style exhibited in his brother’s house and furniture; the more so, perhaps, because it was so totally different from the modest elegance, to which he had been accustomed. He followed Monsieur Mycroft through a large hall, where several servants in rich liveries appeared, to a kind of saloon, fitted up with more shew than taste; and Mycroft, complaining of fatigue, ordered supper immediately. 'I am glad to find myself in my own house again,' said he, throwing himself on a large settee, 'and to have my own people about me. I detest travelling; though, indeed, I ought to like it, for what I see abroad always makes me delighted to return to my own chateau. What makes you so silent, brother mine?—What is it that disturbs you now?'
And shall no lay of death
'It is now near twenty years,' said Moriarty, 'since this castle came into my possession. I inherit it by the female line. The lady, my predecessor, was only distantly related to me; I am the last of her family. She was beautiful and rich; I wooed her; but her heart was fixed upon another, and she rejected me. It is probable, however, that she was herself rejected of the person, whoever they might be, on whom she bestowed her favour, for a deep and settled melancholy took possession of her; and I have reason to believe she put a period to her own life. I was not at the castle at the time; but, as there are some singular and mysterious circumstances attending that event, I shall repeat them.'
Egads! Conflict AND Mysteries! Will Poor Sherlock ever catch a break?
'For Molly,' said he,—'if you go to Carlo, he will release the girl; the foolish woman, who shut her up, died yesterday.' Sherlock shuddered.—'But my brother, Signor'—said he, 'O tell me of my brother!'
Anderson had lived altogether in the world; his aim had been consequence; splendour was the object of his taste; and his address and knowledge of character had carried him forward to the attainment of almost all that he had courted. The marriage of his sister with Holmes had been mortifying to his ambition, for he had designed that the matrimonial connection she formed should assist him to attain the consequence which he so much desired. But his sister perceived that happiness and splendour were not the same, and she did not hesitate to forego the last for the attainment of the former. Monsieur Anderson would readily have sacrificed his sister's happiness to the gratification of his own ambition; and, on her marriage with Holmes, expressed in private his contempt of her spiritless conduct, and of the connection which she had formed. Madame Holmes, though she concealed this insult from her husband, felt resentment in her heart; and, though a regard for her own dignity, united with considerations of prudence, restrained her expression of this resentment, there was ever after a reserve in her manner towards M. Anderson, which he both understood and felt.
(the article title is "The U.S. Men’s Gymnastics Team Is So Hot It’s Problematic", so you know what you're getting in for).
John curls his hands around his mug of tea and smiles down at the phone.
'Good God!' exclaimed Sherlock, blushing deeply, 'it is surely impossible my brother could thus have represented me!'
“Sherlock!” breaks from John’s lips like a prayer as he clambers up on to the unit. Sherlock’s attacker is standing, back to John and gazing down at a horribly still Sherlock. John unflinchingly kicks out, catching the man in the side; he doubles over, wheezing.  John kicks out again, and this time there’s a sickening crunch as the man’s jaw and John’s foot make contact and the man drops bonelessly to the ground.
As Sherlock sat after supper at a little window, that opened upon the country, observing an effect of the moon-light on the broken surface of the mountains, and remembering that on such a night as this he once had sat with his father and John, resting upon a cliff of the Pyrenees, he played long-drawn notes upon his violin, of such tone and delicacy of expression, as harmonized exactly with the tender emotions he was indulging. The sweet and plaintive strains soon lulled him into a reverie, from which he was very unwillingly roused by Molly, Mycroft’s maidservant, who came to inform Sherlock that Moriarty had given orders to have the carriages ready at an early hour on the following morning; and added, that he meant to dine at Turin.
“His favoured apparatus of course, Kate, but a 15.875 is a really great result for him on that apparatus, setting the bar high and he can go forward to the next rotation with confidence. Watson could be a contender today despite having qualified in eighth place; earned the all-around silver at the 2014 worlds and then placed fifth in 2015 after a fall on the high bar. He’ll need to come out firing today to make his mark in this strong field, but off to a great start.”
“Nope,” said Sherlock, with the pop of the ‘p’. “Gymnastics is not the only thing in life, you know John,” burst Sherlock suddenly. “Not the only game.”
We return to Rio Olympic Arena for John's two finals - Pommel Horse and Parallel Bars.  Gulp.
“I’m just going to text this to myself,” announced John, thumbs sliding over the screen. When he looked up again, Sherlock was pulling on his shoes, tracksuit back on.
I would have used quite a different adjective at that point, one both shorter and decidedly more Anglo-Saxon in tone. Mr. Benson squinted at Sherlock over the top of his round glasses clearly suspecting sarcasm, but as ever no-one was ever going to able to out-stare my blue-eyed genius. The director blinked several times as his eyes watered.
“What for?” I asked. “Has she been injured?”
“We have just acquired a new and very clever grandparent”, Lord Tobias said roundly. “But of course we will respect your decision, sir.”
The owner of Holbeche Hall in Staffordshire. Six years ago back he had murdered a servant Thomas Tellus who was leaving for the States, and had concealed the act by replacing the guy on the bonfire with the dead man. Recently he had sacked an old servant who unbeknown to him had known what had happened and had contacted Thomas's son Peter, who came home to England and was told all. He did the same to Guy.
The other change effected indirectly by the scandal was that LeStrade's nephew our friend Valiant was elevated to chief-inspector in his native Westmorland. Although he still technically had three years to serve before he would normally have been considered, the authorities clearly felt that some stability was needed from someone known in the area, and that he was the right man to effect it. I was confident that they had (for once) made a most excellent choice.
But logic and rationality can do nothing; she will not be told! I need you to find the soldier in question so that she can see what he is like and, more importantly, I can decide if he is good enough for her.”
All about leather goods manufacturers and yes, those sort of leather goods
1904. Incredibly one of the worst examples of modern policing might actually be promoted another rank up the Metropolitan Police Service, despite his involvement in a crime. In another case with foreign overtones Sherlock 'takes time' to break another unbreakable alibi.
I could see his point.
“What is he like now, this young Galahad?” he asked. “People change in eight years.”
Two years into our time at the cottage and mercifully the public seemed to have accepted his retirement which had been announced at the end of our adventure in Oxfordshire (The Adventure of the Creeping Man) published that May. One magazine lamented the loss of 'that great Hercules' which bearing in mind that particular legendary character's somewhat chequered career I found an odd comparison. True, Sherlock had rid the world of pests like the Greek hero had done but without the acts of brutality and slaying of his own family (although having said that, with Sherlock's family.....). Then again even if my man did not look like the archetypal strongman that appearance had been the undoing of more than one criminal who had underestimated him as a result. And as I have said before, he was more than Herculean in, ahem, some areas.
Probably.
The man frowned.
Two days later the training session of the Bernician Royals Rugby Team was dominated by developments off the field rather than on it. Their coach had resigned after a scandal involving his having been caught seeing a mistress on his visits down to Newcastle, something that had been communicated to his wife and over which she had not been best pleased. He was fortunate that she had taken her scissors only to his wardrobe!
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
→1.7: Anne (1891-1971)
An lady of a certain age and a lot of 'educated' university students
handed out lightly.”
Mr. Holmes outlined his scheme to me in more detail. I was I will admit a little dubious, albeit more over my own abilities than in his. I had of course to explain everything to Sarah when I got back and although I feared that she might fret, she was fully supportive of the whole idea.
Mr. Anthony Hall stared in surprise as Sherlock swept into his office with me behind him, not at all distracted by the fact that the door we went through looked very like the one on a certain beach-house.......
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“We need numbers in case someone tries to stop us”, I said. “One of us must get through. I will say that I am checking you out and taking responsibility for a day out in Chelmsford; they cannot object to that. Then we can go to the station and catch a train to Baker Street although we will have to change somewhere. We should just make it in time!”
He tailed off. Poor Jack. My nephew always came over as someone who was so bright and breezy but I knew that he did truly love his flibbertigibbet of a wife, and that this would hurt him greatly.
I did not pout, but Sherlock still gave me a look that said.... no, not with company present. Later, definitely!
“They sprung it on me too”, his brother said defensively. “It is not just your showing up to shake hands. The heads of state of both France and Great Britain in an open royal box. It could be an assassin's dream!”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Adventure Of Faerie Dell
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“You are right”, I said. “That is our only option; from the Tower to Baker Street across the whole of London by road would take ages. Once he misses us on the next Central line train he will think that we did that. But I fear that we are not out of the woods yet.”
“This meant of course that virtually the entire estate devolved upon Mr. Troilus.” The lawyer polished his glasses again and frowned. “I do not wish to speak ill of any person but he is.... rather an unsavoury character. He married poorly, a rich lady of what is most politely described as 'questionable character', and they have their own house in Edgeware. They have three daughters which I privately think Mr. Gable considers a disappointment although he has never said as much. Mr. Troilus rarely if ever visited his father – that was until Mrs. Ophelia Bollinger appeared on the scene.”
“What?” he asked.
“What was wrong with his hair?” I asked.
“We have got away from her”, Lion sighed in relief.
“Ireland has no business sticking his nose into what does not concern him”, he said angrily. “He is my lawyer and nothing else.”
“Misrepresentation of a person as a member of the British Army is an offence punishable by time in gaol”, Sherlock said gravely. “Not only that, those aiding and abetting the crime also attract a penalty, especially if they are in the armed forces themselves.”
"His mother's dead", he said, "and his father was a footman at the Duke of Northumberland's place down in Alnwick.”
“I shall be decamping to the United States soon so we shall not meet again”, he said, “although thanks to the wonders of modern technology I shall keep in touch. And when it comes to your final case, your last bow so to speak, remember something important. Not all blessings are good ones.”
Ginger came round again the following day. The headlines in the 'Times' had most definitely not made pleasant reading for the upper reaches of the Metropolitan Police Service, and they were now minus one useless sergeant who had been sacked for lying to his superiors and abjectly failing to do his duty. Regretfully I would have to have the fellow before me monitor things in case they tried to slip the rogue back in, but for now arguably the most useless policeman in London Town was finished.
No way! He was all mine!
I admit that when Sherlock told me that we would be having a late holiday in my own Northumberland that November I was puzzled, and when he said that there would be a surprise my thoughts had immediately turned to frilly, lacy....
He chuckled at that.
“You said that you would see me again one day....” I began before slowly (far too slowly even given the circumstances) I got it.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Adventure Of Miss Austen's Play
We had been so happy these last few weeks, especially when John's three great-grandsons had come over with their father and grandfather (unannounced, unfortunately, but we had made ourselves decent quite quickly I had thought). It had been so good to see four generations of Watsons in the same room – John, Ivan, Luke (who was training to be a doctor just like his grandfather) and Luke's sons Sherlock, Hamon and John. My great-grandson and namesake was very much the image of me despite being only three years old, and he had given me what had been a decidedly uncomfortable knowing look when we had finally let them all in.
We had journeyed (
Of course I was John Hamish Watson, which meant that I could not catch a break. Even though the red-hot passion of his return had faded to our usual gentle simmer – we were both in our fifties, damnation! – Sherlock spent virtually all his time when he was not looking for that damn jumper close by me and was visibly uneasy when we were apart. I even had to be in the garden when he tended to his bees as he said that he felt 'incomplete' with me out of sight. I of course felt the same but it made it nigh on impossible to get the jumper any further than the small tool-box in the front garden (I had to move it as sometimes certain, ahem, 'playthings' rolled under the bed when we.... you know). Nor did it help when his parents disobligingly wired back far too quickly saying that the dratted thing was indeed not in London. At least his fearsome mother did not send him one of her stories, although rather alarmingly she did indeed ask for more details about the jumper 'for her writings'. Gulp!
I waited for the applause to die down, then rose to my feet.
Damnation!
“Never mind”, he said consolingly. “As least you had someone to cud... comfort you with a manly embrace.”
TW: Mention of failed suicide attempt.
“Down, boy!” he commanded.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Although from the bulge under that bed-sheet, not everything had been settled!
Former president of the small but strategically important Republic of San Quentin, he made the mistake of insulting his very large, muscular bodyguard at exactly the wrong moment. Rodrigo knocked him out with a single punch, and the sudden and terrible hailstorm that broke seconds later left him in a quandary. Rodrigo sent his lady-friend to seek shelter then left his master's unconscious body up against the door of the nearby chapel, which he locked.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Then we must prevent her from so doing”, I said firmly. “Has my grandson returned to the country yet?”
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“So you are as bad as me!” I protested.
Benji's oldest son and namesake, a strapping fellow some forty-nine years old who was headmaster at an East London school and the image of his father, came to take his hand. I smiled at him and determined to help honour my cousin's last wishes for as long as the Lord allowed me so to do.
Sherlock was stood there dressed in an artist's smock –
I sniggered. Wait until I showed him around and he saw all the other pairs! After all, what were young relatives for other than to be traumatized by their elders?
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“So if say it was half-past nine in the evening here in Baker Street”, I said slowly, “all the clocks in Mr. Patterson's house would read half-past four in the afternoon?”
The Adventure Of The Tartan Threesome
“I dare say that the company here is much more pleasant”, Sherlock smiled. “I assume that Mr. LeStrade is very independent-minded and most definitely the sort of person who wishes to achieve what he does on his own merits?”
I don't know how, but even though my father didn't seem to move I sensed a change in him. Much as the natives standing in the village can sense when the volcano is about to pop.
“It is very obviously a set-up”, Sherlock said as we drove to the police-station. “What sort of attackers mug a man, leave him unconscious but not dead,  then contrive to not search his house for the money that they were presumably after? Unfortunately the pressure is always on the police to find a solution, and less obvious things than that have been overlooked in the past. Do not worry, John. You saved him once before and we shall save him this time.”
I looked at him In horror as the elderly couple both leaned forward, clearly agog.
I almost hoped that the unpleasant journalist would ignore such good advice. Almost as in completely and utterly.
The Adventure Of The Uffa Poniard
“Before we proceed to business I must offer my congratulations”, I smiled. “I read the other week that your dear wife has given birth to a son.”
Sherlock looked up at me in surprise, his hot chocolate still frothing around his mouth. He really was a grub at times.
An assassin working for Professor Moriarty. His sister Sally got a job at 221B and he pretended to be her beau; one day David tried to commit murder in the maid's costume only to be stabbed by Mr. Roderick West, the knife-thrower from the Circus Belle case (the villain's gun had already been replaced by one with blanks). Sally was hung for her part.
“Your friend called round at that time of day?” I asked. “Surely it had to have been an emergency if it was that early?”
“Tantalus has said that he and Trey will come down tomorrow”, Sherlock smiled. “I suppose my almost-nephew sleeping with my grandson is a shade incestuous, but then there is no actual blood connection.”
I decided that I wished to give my grandson the good news myself that evening even if it meant a night in Wiltshire before we could return to our cottage and all that long-delayed sex (I defined it as long-delayed because). It also meant that we could travel back down on the same train as the soon to be ex-Mrs. Hawke and make sure she did keep to her side of the bargain, which luckily for her she did. I was sure that she had all sorts of jewellery and expensive things in her bag which she ordered to be taken out to her carriage, and fortunately she did not check and therefore spot the identical one that I had had the servants substitute for it. If she wanted to carry pieces of an old brick wrapped in dirty sheets all the way to London, let her.
A prince shows amazing stamina with some captured English lieutenants
Sherlock was pulling down the blinds and wedging the compartment door locked.
can get me pregnant!” I chuckled. “Come on in!”
We were as I said very much left to our own devices by the villagers among whom we had settled, my tending to their medical needs and their very much not noticing when I may have on the very odd occasion have arrived into the village in less than perfect order (and that had better damn well not be another smirk from 'someone'!). That spring however the little Blind Reach, the stream which ran through the village and forded the road going north, was swollen by late March rains and flooded several houses. Sherlock stepped in and ensured that the local council actually moved at a decent speed for once in sorting matters, and we paid jointly for the dredging of the stream so that any further flooding was much less likely. As Sherlock rightly said, what good is money if it does no good?
I sighed as I stared out across the Downs. It was good to get away from the house for a while, and on this warm summer's day there were several families enjoying picnics on the hills overlooking the town below. Down there life went on normally – but for how much longer?
I was more than a little surprised to see my nephew because I had thought his 'foreign service' still had some time to run. Tantalus had extended his 'activities' beyond Sheikh Khalid's 'away harem' in England and in recent years had travelled to Arbir to, ahem, 'service' his 'home' one. He had I thought only been a few months out there on his most recent trip so I had not expected him back any time soon. Yet now he was here.
“You would have to meet with the lawyer to find that out”, Sherlock's brother said. “Normally your Mrs. Rockland would have just forwarded the lawyer's request for a meeting to your last known location, but seeing as it was urgent and I wished to call in on what is left of poor Carl I decided to bring the news myself. I am guessing from the look on the doctor's face that you will be wanting to see him?”
The sergeant nodded, and turned back to Sherlock.
The weekend was not the only thing that was long and up, an unhelpful part of my brain supplied. I ground my teeth for no particular reason.
For a brief moment his words hung in the air and I could feel myself holding my breath. Then Sherlock broke, pulling both boys to him and sobbing his agreement. He had grandchildren, and like me his bloodline would continue after he was gone. What more could any man want?
“As you are on chocolate”, I countered. “We shall stop and pick a bar up on our way back.”
“Yes”, I said. “Busy.”
“My half-nephew has certainly returned to England after some wordly travels”, I said. “You are right; his father was Lord Sheridan Hawke's son Sergei who was the result of a liaison of his with the wife of a Russian visitor to this country. Young Sergei moved to Australia where he married a local lady and had Brencis. I understand that his wife died not long after the birth and he remarried; possibly this new half-nephew of mine and his new stepmother did not get on, which was why he moved first to Canada where he went to school and later to England.”
Sherlock grinned.
“I have come across Mrs. Bollinger in the course of my inquiries into another matter, over in Harringay”, I said. “In that case an elderly gentleman rewrote his will in her favour despite her frankly weak protestations against such a move, and she inherited a large sum of money as a result. I had an inquiry in this neighbourhood for another case and I thought that I would do you the courtesy of informing you that I shall speak to your grandfather at the first opportunity.”
Beauty And The Beast
Like an idiot I only slowly realized that Sherlock was holding out the keys to me.
“Quite certain”, Sherlock said. “Did you bring it?”
“I thought that we could drive to Oakdown Hill, and christen the back seat”, he grinned evilly. “That is the second part. If you are up to it now you are in your seventies!”
. This to me seems to overlook the matter that the nation which caused ten million deaths and the widespread devastation of both Belgium and north-eastern France is still the largest in Europe; indeed I very much I fear that we may come to regret not dismantling it as we did its partner in crime, Austria-Hungary. I also fear that the horrors of the Russian Revolution will have grave consequences further on, both inside and beyond that country's borders. It will be the responsibility of us and the next generation to ensure that all those young lives lost are not in vain, and that we truly can make a land fit for heroes.”
If I had thought the welcome-home sex after our first separation had been good, what followed in the next week was astounding. It was as if Sherlock had been denied sex for an entire decade, not just a few days, and was determined to make up for lost time. Usually at times like this he preferred to take the lead but this time he seemed determine to even things out, happy both when pounding me into the mattress or riding me into a semi-comatose state. I suppose we must have eaten and whatnot but all I can remember for that week was Sherlock wanting (and of course getting) sex every time he was awake. By the end of it I wondered if I might have to order a bath-chair as I could barely walk!
“Unfortunately the couple were returning home from a wedding where Mr. Ollerton had had more than a bit to drink”, Ginger said with a sigh. “I am sure that that coward was there but I cannot break his alibi.”
I decided to buy a full pound of the stuff knowing how quickly Sherlock got through it – Mrs. Turley stocked the special flavours specially for the one customer that she simpered at, whatever she said – and I emerged into the unusually bright winter sunlight somewhat dazzled. It therefore took a couple of seconds to recognize the vehicle that was drawn up outside the shop, and probably rather too long to recognize the driver.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Born in 1818 and the younger son of Lord Alexander; his elder brother Tobias had died in 1830. Sheridan's uncle Henry steered things through his minority, but although the new lord was a competent administrator his main failing was the ladies – very plural. He married twice but was rightly said to have been able to have supplied a football team, their opposition, the substitutes, the officials and a fair-sized crowd with his bastard offspring. On the right side of the blanket he did less well; his first marriage produced a son Tobias and daughters Mary and Elizabeth, while his second much later one produced a son Theobald. He resigned the title when Tobias reached eighteen in 1860 but had to at least nominally resume his duties after the young man's death in 1862. Around the end of 1853 Lord Sheridan had an affair with one Lady Aelfrida Holmes which produced twin sons Sherrinford and Sherlock Holmes, both of whom bore part of his name.
to be a medium and sent a letter to Mr. Gable that his late son was attempting to communicate via the spirit world”, the lawyer said. “Utter hogwash in my humble opinion but unfortunately Mr. Gable is prone to believe such things – as I said, he was very close to poor Aeneas – and he seemed to take some comfort from this. Had it stopped there then all might have been well, but of course it did not.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Elmer West”, I said.
“I suppose you too think that my dear Mrs. Bollinger is a charlatan, too”, he said with a smirk. “Well Mr. Sherlock Holmes, what would you say if I told you that she was here this morning and told me you were coming?”
“I want what is best for all the boys under my care”, he said heavily. “For over ninety-nine per cent of them that is a life in the army; it is rare that the selection process lets anyone unsuitable through unless, like Scott, they get pushed in by family. He will never be a soldier, that I can guarantee, but he is still one of my boys and I care for the fellow. I am sure you can see that if the general catches up with him, it will not end well.”
“You do understand that my investigations may only serve to confirm the death?” Sherlock said.
I could feel my spirits dropping.
There is a lot of nonsense written about Victorians today, and even though we were now technically Edwardians the country had not changed much. Looking back from beyond the Great War (and before what looks like being a second such nightmare 'courtesy' of the vile Herr Hitler) many people today think that we were far too prudish, always sour-faced and prone to moralizing. It is true that society had a higher moral code in those days – and was all the better for it, in my humble opinion – but people were a lot more tolerant that some modern writers like to claim. I have no doubt that the villagers among whom we now lived very quickly came to know exactly what sort of relationship we had, yet there were no cross words or raised eyebrows. Truly most people really did not mind what other people did, provided they did it quietly and did not talk about it. The modern habit for openly flaunting one's private life is I feel quite vulgar.
'The service, at leave, of saving you, sir, from a few of those pangs of conscience you must suffer, when you shall be in the same situation,' said Sherlock, with imprudent indignation.
wants,” Sherlock sneered, looming over John as he rose from the table. “If you’ll excuse me, I have a training session,” he said, dropping the phone on the table and striding away.
'But the Signor will oblige us with the reasons, which urged him to believe, that the lady committed suicide.'
'Certainly: but I wish first to examine the picture; take the light, Molly, while I lift the veil.' Molly took the light, and immediately walked away with it, disregarding Sherlock's call to stay, who, now unable to see the picture at all, at length followed her. 'What is the reason of this, Molly?' said Sherlock, when he overtook her, 'what have you heard concerning that picture, which makes you so unwilling to stay when I bid you?'
The usual salutations being over, the company seated themselves in the portico, and refreshments were brought them from the adjoining hall, where a banquet was spread, and servants attended. Sherlock was struck with the beauty of the hall, so perfectly accommodated to the luxuries of the season. It was of white marble, and the roof, rising into an open cupola, was supported by columns of the same material. Two opposite sides of the apartment, terminating in open porticos, admitted to the hall a full view of the gardens, and of the river scenery; in the centre a fountain continually refreshed the air, and seemed to heighten the fragrance, that breathed from the surrounding orangeries, while its dashing waters gave an agreeable and soothing sound. Etruscan lamps, suspended from the pillars, diffused a brilliant light over the interior part of the hall, leaving the remoter porticos to the softer lustre of the moon.
“Git!” said John fondly, sending a splash of water at Sherlock, whose dark head retreated under the water like a seal.
John looked up to the telecast screen. Some guy in a CGI airplane was flying past the statue of Christ the Redeemer, which seemed an appropriate message, considering, John thought gloomily.
'Well, says I, if you think there is danger, then, go with me, and guard me; I am never afraid when you are by.' 'What! says she, when I am scarcely recovered of one wound, shall I put myself in the way of getting another? for if any of the cavaliers meet you, they will fall a-fighting with me directly. No, no, says she, you shall stay here, Molly; you shall not go out of this room, to-night.'
Puzzling. John tore off a hunk of the cereal bar with his teeth and chewed
The travellers, passing Novalesa, reached, after the evening had closed, the small and ancient town of Susa, which had formerly guarded this pass of the Alps into Piedmont. The heights which command it had, since the invention of artillery, rendered its fortifications useless; but these romantic heights, seen by moon-light, with the town below, surrounded by its walls and watchtowers, and partially illumined, exhibited an interesting picture to Sherlock. Here they rested for the night at an inn, which had little accommodation to boast of; but the travellers brought with them the hunger that gives delicious flavour to the coarsest viands, and the weariness that ensures repose.
“He’s here, I’m sure,” said Sarah, appearing at his elbow. “Yes, you are that obvious.”
When Sherlock could retire to his own apartment, his mind almost involuntarily dwelt on the most probable means of prevailing with the Count to withdraw his suit, and none appeared more probable, than that of acknowledging a prior attachment (and Sherlock blushed over how to phrase the experience between John and himself) and appeal to the Counts’ generosity for a release. When, however, on the following day, he renewed his addresses, Sherlock shrunk from the adoption of the plan he had formed. There was something so repugnant to his pride, in laying open the secret of his heart to such a person as Wilkes, and in appealing to him for compassion, that he impatiently rejected this design and wondered, that he could have paused upon it for a moment. The rejection of the Counts’ proposal he repeated in the most decisive terms he could select, mingling with it a severe censure of his conduct; but, the Count persevered in the most ardent professions of admiration, till he was interrupted and Sherlock released by the presence of Madame Anderson.
“Cup,” said Sherlock, popping the ‘p.’ “Anyway, get up. Things to do!” he said before striding into the small hall, where John could hear him unzipping the collapsible wardrobe and poking around inside it.
John receives some friendly advice, and deploys some of the 'Watson magic'.
The structural integrity of John’s teeth is at serious risk as he loads up a few more things on his tray and turned to seek out a table, seeing Bill waving at him ostentatiously from a table that also contains Mike, Molly, Henry and Sarah.
'Our notions are somewhat enlarged since those days,' said M. Anderson;—'what was then thought a decent style of living would not now be endured.' Sherlock was incensed at this insult to his father, but his anger soon yielded to contempt. 'The ground about the chateau is encumbered with trees; I mean to cut some of them down.'
for official functions.
And Great Britain didn’t even qualify.
'Alas-a-day! that you should leave it!' said Mrs. Hudson, 'I think you would be happier here than where you are going, if one may judge.' Sherlock made no reply to this remark, the sorrow Mrs. Hudson proceeded to express at his departure aligned too much to his own; but he gave such directions as might best conduce to her comfort during Sherlock’s own absence.
. “Righto, drumroll please….” The little group on the bed and Mike began a rumble of applause.  From the corner of his eye it looked as if Sherlock was rolling his eyes so hard they would spin out of their sockets.  “Guys, that was a bit half-arsed. I’m not going to get it out just for – oi!” he dodged away from Sarah’s poking foot under the blanket.
'It is an echo, monsieur, I fancy. That guitar is often heard at night, when all is still, but nobody knows who touches it, and it is sometimes accompanied by a voice so sweet, and so sad, one would almost think the woods were haunted.' 'They may be haunted,' said Sherlock wryly, 'but I believe it is by mortals.' 'I have sometimes heard it at midnight, when I could not sleep,' rejoined La Voisin, not seeming to notice this remark, 'almost under my window, and I never heard any music like it. It has often made me think of my poor wife till I cried. I have sometimes got up to the window to look if I could see anybody, but as soon as I opened the casement all was hushed, and nobody to be seen. They say it often comes to warn people of their death, but I have heard it these many years, and outlived the warning.'
Molly having made her report to Moriarty of Sherlock's health and of his request to see him, Moriarty replied, that Sherlock might attend him in the cedar room, in about an hour. It was on the subject, that pressed so heavily on his mind, that Sherlock wished to speak to him, yet he did not distinctly know what good purpose this could answer, and sometimes he even recoiled in horror from the expectation of his presence. He wished, also, to petition, though he scarcely dared to believe the request would be granted, that he would permit him, since his brother was no more, to return to his native country.
Sieger tips the pins back into the envelope. “John, a word to the wise,” he says, eyes suddenly sharp and voice firm. “Sherlock could look at you and tell you what jam you had at breakfast, but he’s an oblivious idiot when it comes to some things, do you understand?” John swallows and nods. “I don’t think Mycroft is much better, so you can pass on the message to that coach of yours as well. Be bold, but for Christ’s sake, John, be obvious, because I don’t want these bloody numpties to die alone.”
The dance ceased on the approach of the carriage, which was a phenomenon in these sequestered woods, and the peasantry flocked round it with eager curiosity. On learning that it brought a sick stranger, several girls ran across the turf, and returned with wine and baskets of grapes, which they presented to the travellers, each fluttering their eyes at Sherlock’s beauty. At length, the carriage stopped at a neat cottage, and his venerable conductor, having assisted Holmes to alight, led him and Sherlock to a small inner room, illuminated only by moon-beams, which the open casement admitted. Holmes, rejoicing in rest, seated himself in an arm-chair, and his senses were refreshed by the cool and balmy air, that lightly waved the embowering honeysuckles, and wafted their sweet breath into the apartment.
I scowled (it was so not a pout).
“Find what?” Sherlock asked innocently. “With these new laws on drivers having to use hand-signals, I thought it a good idea to make sure that your father knew what was what.”
1925. Technology continues to baffle, there are yet more new family members, and John's memory is actually not wrong as he is about to find out what lies behind the green door.
I smiled as I left him standing there, gobsmacked. I still had it, and so soon would he!
“Thank you, sir.”
I could not even glare at the bastard. Yes, we had been in the bedroom, and we had been testing the new mirror by my fucking him long and hard in front of it while looking at our reflections. And he had had no problem getting it up, as my poor abused backside could attest. Lord alone knows how much extra time in Purgatory the vicar's untimely visit had earned us!
“We know that”, John said, equally perplexed. “So?”
“Do they have to what, John?” he teased. I glared at him.
I thought of what we still managed to do from time to time on the back seats and grinned. Until Jack, who had somehow managed to inherit his Uncle Sherlock's mind-reading abilities somehow or other, coughed pointedly.
He stopped by a red-doored beach-house and smiled strangely, producing a key from his pocket.
I may have only been fifteen years old but I was almost a man, and no way was I going to stand for any of that thing when it came to my own kin. Even if it came
He gestured behind him and I turned to see the most glorious sight in my entire life (yes, I
would look splayed out in a wedding-dress....”
He sat me on the side of the bath while he ran the hot water and soon he had me nestling against him under the bubbles and steamy water, thankful that my shattered muscles were being supported by the water. It did not last long and we were interrupted by the sound of the bell.
The Battle For The Golden Guerdon
“I learned from my inquiries that on some railways – and fortunately the Midland Railway is one of them – each conductor has a personalized set of clippers”, Sherlock said. “Mr. Ethelbert Cowper who was on the train to Derby that Miss Ockham took on Sunday morning had 17A on his clippers, denoting the route that he worked as well as his personal letter. He duly clipped her ticket to Leicester shortly after her train left Wellingborough. She made a point of approaching him hoping that he would recognize her as Mr. Leeds and might later report the sighting to the police. When I asked Mr. Cowper, he did indeed confirm that a long-haired gentleman smelling rather strongly of cologne had insisted on having his ticket punched shortly after boarding the train at Wellingborough. Most annoyingly for Miss Ockham, the police did not fully check her alibi so did not talk to him. However it is but a minor annoyance to her; she proceeds to Leicester where she alights.”
Damnation, that had only been the once! And the bastard could cut with the holding up three fingers like that!
Or perhaps I hoped he would. I would never have been able to find my brother's gun-collecting killer in such a dreadful and terrible turn of events.
He did not have an answer to that.
I paused as I passed the village pub and wondered. It was the day of my seventieth birthday, yet apart from some pretty mind-blowing sex as my morning wake-up call (which I suppose I had sort of enjoyed) I had had no present as yet. Sherlock had told me that he was having something delivered but it would not be here until later in the day. I silently cursed my increasingly slow limbs and set off up the High Street.
“Randall has been killed”, Sherlock said suddenly one morning.
England had welcomed the return of peace while mourning the non-return of so many of its young men. Our own little war memorial to four young lives that would never be fulfilled was by the pond just over the road; both Sherlock and I had kept a weather eye on the families of those who had made the final sacrifice. Like everyone I was glad that there was peace, but something about the public's reaction in the years after the war made me uneasy. Imperial Germany had been scotched, not killed, and I feared that the increasing reluctance that I sensed among many of my fellow Englishmen to pay such a heavy price for what was right would encourage our old enemy to try again once it had recovered. At least our own country was moving forward; electoral reform had now extended the franchise to all men and most women over thirty years of age (the latter provision was due to the shortage of men caused by the war and would be dropped at the end of the decade). All those violent acts by the suffragettes had indeed been for naught; it had been the essential part played by women in the War that had secured them the vote –  not, I was sure, that that would stop the loudmouths claiming the victory as theirs.
“Because it is”, he sighed. “Insufficient Separation Syndrome.”
The Voice! I was short of breath at once.
Lion looked confused but I quickly found a halfpenny in my pocket and jammed it into the door-handle mechanism. No-one could gain access from the next coach now, but that still left our pursuer the option of simply waiting until the next station and stepping out onto the platform to avoid our obstruction.
“Can your father-in-law will it to any other family member?” Sherlock asked. Lady Bradstock shook her head.
1920. John is annoyed because 'someone' keeps almost saying That Word That Starts With The Third Letter Of The Alphabet And Rhymes With Huddling – but at least Sherlock makes sure that he will be ready for life on the road.
At the end of March, Sherlock baked me a batch of his heavenly chocolate nut muffins. I was immediately wary; he only usually did those for either special occasions or bad news. There was no special occasion to hand so it had to be the latter.
be the result of affairs between you and one – or more – men who
Son of Colonel Caesar Livesey, Tiberius feared for his life because of his involvement over attempts to destroy his sister and her fiancé's relationship, which had involved an attempted rape against her. He assumed that the villagers had been targeting his brother when the latter was shot at – but the day after that they waylaid, raped and murdered him, then set him up as a scarecrow where his father took his daily walk!
He looked at me in surprise.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“I have already planned for that”, Sherlock re-assured him. “I will lay a story that having become aware of your existence and that you were the grandson of my friend, I covertly arranged for you to obtain free lodgings at a house which had been bequeathed to an acquaintance of mine only on condition that they rent and maintain it free for twenty-one years before being allowed to sell it. Knowing that you needed extra money I advanced your name for one of the vacancies, which is why you were able to support your father.”
“It is our neighbour, Mrs. Start at 'Marseilles', Mrs. Malone said. “Her guests have been acting very strangely of late, ever since that awful Miss Wolferton arrived.”
“I suppose that one must respect the
They did. The sergeant agreed to release Ivan into my custody pending a formal dismissal of charges which he was sure would soon follow. I had wanted to see my son from the moment that we arrived in the town but a mixture of fears that we might fail him and that I was, after all, someone that he barely knew had held me back.
My love smiled at my verbal non-trip.
There were about a dozen instances where my various unknowing relatives faced difficulties at one time or another, and in most of those I was able to covertly assist them without revealing their famous relative, much as they would have doubtless enjoyed the lustre of such a connection – someone
'Whoever you are,' said Sherlock, attempting to shake off the man, 'for heaven's sake let me go!'
Sherlock, looking again upon the rampart, perceived the flame he had seen before; it moved onward; and, soon after, he thought he heard a footstep. The light appeared and disappeared frequently, while, as he watched, it glided under the casements, and, at the same instant, he was certain, that a footstep passed, but the darkness did not permit him to distinguish any object except the flame. It moved away, and then, by a gleam of lightning, he perceived some person on the terrace. All the anxieties of the preceding night returned. This person advanced, and the playing flame alternately appeared and vanished. Sherlock, summoning his courage, demanded who passed.
. The front handspring triple front – John had seen the training videos of Radivilov practicing the vault, but in none had he actually landed it. John sucked in his breath as Radivilov sprinted down the runway and – God! He was on his feet! But just for a second before falling back onto his bum.
“My laptop? You didn’t bring one?”
Sherlock heard persons moving below in the cottage, and presently the voice of Michael, who was talking to his mules, as he led them forth from a hut adjoining. As he left his room, Holmes met him at the door, apparently as little restored by sleep as his son. With La Voisin they sat down to a breakfast table, spread with cream, fruit, new cheese, butter, and coffee.
The rooms were a solemn place; recollections crowded him once more and he sank slowly into an armchair. As he mused he saw the door slowly open, and a rustling sound in a remote part of the room startled him. Through the dusk he thought he perceived something move. The subject he had been considering, and the present tone of his spirits, which made his imagination conquer the reason he had so carefully honed, gave Sherlock a sudden terror of something supernatural.  The silence, which again reigned, made him ashamed of these fears. ‘It is merely one of those accountable noises, which sometimes occur in old houses’ he told himself, pulling his knees to his chest.
“Ah, well, I’m glad you asked. Miss Hawkins, Mary’s kit bag, please?”
The physician was affected; he promised to obey her, and told Holmes, somewhat abruptly, that there was nothing to expect. The latter was not philosopher enough to restrain his feelings when he received this information. Sherlock was at first overwhelmed with the intelligence; then, deluded by the strength of his wishes, a hope sprung up in his mind that his mother would yet recover, and to this he adhered almost to the last hour.
'Never!' cried the Count vehemently: 'let me perish first! You cannot be ignorant of Moriarty's character, you may be ignorant of his schemes—nay, you must be so, or you would not hesitate between my love and his power.'
“Yeah, uh, your jumper um, disturbed it a bit...” John gestured vaguely at his own head in increasingly mortifying explanation.
“John, I… I need to use your phone,” declared Sherlock.
Seeing Sherlock’s parents raise their arms in greeting, John goes to return the gesture, only for Violet to delightedly call out ‘Gregory!’
Sherlock hums. “It’s diabolical.”
Would fear its charm, or think it could beguile!
To assist in his thinking he took up his violin and stood by the window. As he was thus employed, he saw, walking on the rampart below, the men, who had so lately arrived at the castle. The sight of strangers surprised him, but still more, of strangers such as these. There was a singularity in their dress, and a certain fierceness in their air, that fixed all Sherlock’s attention. He put down the instrument and withdrew from the casement, while they passed, but soon returned to observe them further.
He lingered for some weeks at the monastery, under the influence of a slow fever, wishing to return home, yet unable to go thither; this hastening the unwelcome reunion with his half-brother. In the meanwhile, he sent letters to Mycroft and to the old housekeeper, Mrs. Hudson, informing them of the sad event that had taken place. From his brother he received an answer, abounding more in common-place condolement, than in traits of real sorrow, which assured him, that a servant should be sent to conduct him to Bakersfield, for that Mycroft’s own time was so much occupied by company, that he had no leisure to undertake so long a journey. However Sherlock might prefer Bakersfield to Tholouse, he could not be insensible to the indecorous and unkind conduct of his brother, for while Sherlock felt equipped to look to his own protection; he knew society would not regard him so while he had not yet come into his majority.
“Right! Selfie time!” said Mary, “everyone onto the bed. John, you next to Sarah, in the middle… Sherlock, you get in it too.” Sherlock shuffled over and did an awkward half-crouch next to the bed to get his face in line. “Smile!”
Sherlock looks down his long nose at John. “To get you something to eat,” said Sherlock eventually. “It’s obvious your hunger has impaired your brain function.” John’s stomach heartily agrees with this suggestion, so John ignores the insult and walks briskly alongside Sherlock, who’s still muttering something about kinetic energy and blunt force trauma.
Towards the close of day, the road wound into a deep valley. Mountains, whose shaggy steeps appeared to be inaccessible, almost surrounded it. To the east, a vista opened, that exhibited the Apennines in their darkest horrors; and the long perspective of retiring summits, rising over each other, their ridges clothed with pines, exhibited a stronger image of grandeur, than any that Sherlock had yet seen. The sun had just sunk below the top of the mountains he was descending, whose long shadow stretched over the valley, but his sloping rays, shooting through an opening of the cliffs, touched with a yellow gleam the summits of the forest, that hung upon the opposite steeps, and streamed in full splendour upon the towers and battlements of a castle, that spread its extensive ramparts along the brow of a precipice above. The splendour of these illumined objects was heightened by the contrasted shade, which involved the valley below.
Moriarty paused a moment, and then proceeded in a lowered voice, while the cavaliers drew nearer to attend.
was a better landing, John thought to himself as he stuck his closing two and a half twist. Very tidy. Rolling his shoulders, John heard the rise of chatter outside the doors – the girls had arrived. Toeing the ground as the assistant coach ran through some minor points, John looked at the door from the corner of his eye.
John looks up at Sherlock; looking at the bright colours of the Union Jack flapping behind Sherlock’s head. He feels the pull of the flag in his hand as much as the pull of his eyes in his heart, these tremulous bonds between them. Sherlock is looking at him, face serious under the mop of unruly hair.
He sighs, sits down cross legged on the floor, arranges his warm robe about himself, and opens the door to his mind palace. On the bottom left hand side of the hallway is an elegant display stand; mahogany, Queen Anne legs. On it rests a collection of little glass objects not unlike snowdomes. He picks up one; turns it over. A clear blue bay sheltered by high white cliffs is there; the aroma of pine trees floats up around him. After looking at it a moment, he puts it down; picks up another, bigger than the rest. In this one, a wide blue sea stretches out to meet a distant horizon, only interrupted by a golden body in the waves. It smells like cheap sunscreen and mint ice-creams. He brings it up to eye level and looks in.
, thought John, and reached out to grab it.
Sherlock remembered all that John had told him, on the eve of his departure from Languedoc, respecting Moriarty, and all that he had said to dissuade him from venturing on the journey. His fears had often since appeared prophetic—now they seemed confirmed. Sherlock mourned in vain regret, but reason soon came with a consolation which, though feeble at first, acquired vigour from reflection. He considered, that, whatever might be his sufferings, he had withheld from involving John in misfortune, and that, whatever his future sorrows could be, he was, at least, free from self-reproach.
'Well, Molly,' said Sherlock, smiling, 'I perceive it is as you say—that you know nothing about the picture.'
