He wishes he didn’t need his help, but he does. He always has. If it hadn’t been for Mycroft, he’d likely be dead, now, too. He sees it clearly now. Despite all the rancor and rivalry,
“We should run a few more of the rats through, see if it repeats itself.”
He’s halfway through the first experiment Molly had dictated when he gets up to check on John. Nothing has changed. He returns to the kitchen, moves a few petri dishes around. Checks on John again. After twenty minutes of this, he roughly pushes the kitchen table down the hall and through the bedroom door, clinking and rattling with the apparatus, and slides it under the window.
As they drive down the lane, John grips Sherlock’s thigh.
“You must understand, no matter what you did, it was never going to end well for him – you don’t disappoint The Magpies and waltz away. He would have been neutralized much sooner had he not inextricably brought a child prodigy into their midst to clean up his mess.”
John grinned. “Did you have to learn the rhyme, too?”
certain? You can’t turn back from this–”
For Gran, each tea-time is like the first.  He deeply suspects that though her body is on a kind of autopilot, asking the same questions and giving the same answers, his true Grandmere is within, hidden in the dense hedge maze trimming her topiary, her precious collection of memory at her fingertips.
“Regrettable as it has been, yes. While there were others on his roster, they quickly lost his attention. It was you he wanted, and nothing I did would have stopped that, even with my death. He was The Moriarty. You were not a bad choice – I hoped, as did my sympathetic colleagues, that you would help us set things to rights. But Sherlock, please know it has caused me untold pain to watch the game play out as it has.”
John here’s the familiar click of a gun cocking. Sherlock’s voice is tight, too fast.
John gapes at him. “Wait… you bought
What a gift you have given me.
Keeping him wrapped tightly, Sherlock gingerly slides down onto the couch to lie more comfortably. He holds John against his chest, running his hands very slowly over his back, face pressed into his hair.
He’s started journaling again in a handsome, leather-bound notebook Sherlock had picked up for him at the shops, along with a black-inked pen that writes like butter. John sits in the garden, filling its pages while Lissa crows on Sherlock’s knees for a fifty-seventh round of trot-trot to London town. John sits at the shore filling its pages while Sherlock stacks round stones for Lissa to knock down, squealing with glee. John fills the pages while Lissa sleeps next to him in the shade on Mrs. Hudson’s rainbow blanket. Sherlock attacks the weeds choking the garden, or restores his grandmother’s old hives, long in disuse and overgrown with ivy.
“We could call her ‘Tavia,”
There is no television connection at the cottage and cell reception is abysmal, so except for the papers they buy in town, they live in a kind of timeless island, largely unaware of daily world events, consumed by the growing babble-vocabulary of their daughter, the progress of the bees, the harvesting and processing of herbs and vegetables from the garden. Even Lissa seems happier, her crying jags becoming almost a memory. John has a theory that she’d been absorbing their anxiety all those months, never quite believing them when they said all was well. Sherlock doesn’t doubt it.
,” Sherlock says with distaste.
. Direct combat with the Faerie was imminent! The support of all magical proficiencies were called upon in the service of this ancient cause, from the humblest
Sherlock grinned.
As he is categorizing the many sensations of John’s skin pressed against him, the inevitable effects of his own orgasm’s prolactin take hold. Sherlock drifts to sleep, his face mashed into John’s soft hair.
as the prisoner, John, and I the only one capable of breaking through the threats that surrounded you.”
John stilled, feeling struck like a gong by Sherlock’s words. What was he capable of that he’d never tried?
“Of course,” Sherlock scowled. “I am not some simpleton Clairvoyant who can only meddle with the minds of humans, John. Animal speech has always come to me effortlessly.”
The troll squinted up at the bridge with a frown. The decking was still at least 50 meters of smooth stonework above their heads.
“She may disagree as the elimination of Brook’s most influential second in command meant the dissolution of The Magpies, her life’s work and haven.”
“–as well as being a generally decent human being.” He lowers his voice and glances quickly to the kitchen. “I doubt there would be much in this world that would shake him from your side, mate, but, you know, be good to him. Remember his birthday, don’t dope his tea, all that.”
“The spy – who got caught on purpose. What do they hope to find?”
Red t-shirt is joined by three others carrying a trim stretcher. He quickly steps out of the way, watching them shift Rosamund onto the board and attach more restraints. On a quick command, the four lift her up and carry her briskly through the kitchen and out the back door where no neighbors will notice the unusual goings-on as she is spirited into an unmarked vehicle.
with a
With a deep breath, he begins.
, duck!” She scrunches her nose at him as if he’s adorable. “My employer was fascinated to learn that his lackluster hire had actually led him to a child-prodigy, a diamond in the rough to polish.”
“Why ever not?”
“You knew her? How?”
“Oh, come now, this is just a hazard to my interests,” John scolds, tugging one of Mrs. Hudson’s frilly aprons off the hook and, brushing a kiss on Sherlock’s shoulder, tying it around his waist.
“Will you look at the state of this room,” Mrs. Hudson breathes with horror, suddenly taking in the disheveled tables of apparatus. “What on earth have you been doing to him?”
John’s still lagging behind, distracting himself with ironic titles for this case’s blog… Stalking the Deer (Too Bad We Forgot the Deerstalker). The Hunt for the Frozen Feet. How to Track a Baddie and Freeze Your Bullocks Off… when he stumbles into Sherlock. John hadn’t noticed he’d stopped to study a footprint, crouched low with his magnifying lens. They both let out little surprised yells as John trips over him, right at the edge of a slope, and instinctively grabs Sherlock’s coat which only drags him down with him. They both slide down the slope, skidding faster and faster over the glassy surface.
He winces a little at the use of his name, nods.
Sherlock freezes. All mental functions come to a crashing halt. He can feel a strong exhale across his cheek just before the stubble of their thin beards rasp together. And then John’s lips are on his own. Moth-wing soft.
To: wssh1875@iol.com
“Shite,” he muttered between clenched teeth, dragging the injured limb toward him through the crushed bracken. John’s fingertips traced along his shin and registered the break immediately. “Sherlock?” he called weakly. The man groaned in response from beneath a nearby laurel. “You hurt?”
until we are safely abed.”
Surely not an actual Netter. The monstrosities had lifted the name from the old, mundane Royal guard who had, long ago, captured halfloods using nets of spun iron. Today’s modern Netters wouldn’t have stooped so low as to actually use something as humble as a
Sherlock didn’t move, weighing down John with his arms wrapped tightly around his waist, eyes closed. That itself was very strange.
He had to get back down to the archives and
Woulda been a bloody feeding frenzy if I left you out there on your own. Had to stake my claim, didn’t I?”
John grinned back stupidly. “What do they usually say?”
They paused a respectful distance from the boy as he played a series of warmup jigs, a rapid chromatic scale, then switched to a minor key. John noticed Sherlock watching the fiddler with intensity.
Sherlock has frozen mid-bite, hovering over the charts. Some
“It sounds
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: 60!
Sherlock gently takes him by the shoulders. “It’s okay–
“Too bad we didn’t light the fire,” John whispers against Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock freezes, pulling back quickly.
Before the panic can seize him again, John feels a tug. The ropes tighten and he marvels as they snug against his back, around his legs and shoulders, dispersing his weight evenly, if uncomfortably. It’s brilliant. Three tugs and he’s cleared the water, dripping and bumping lightly against the rough stones. He wishes he could help, but all he can do is cling to the rope and watch as the opening of the well creeps closer. Glancing below, the dark water slips away from him.
Sherlock nods.
Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut very tightly, his bravado evaporating.
As the tone in his inner-ear fades, he moves the pan of sauce to the back of the stove, banging it harder on the burner than necessary.
“Are you… asking me to share the flat with you?” John asks incredulously, holding the cane, but not placing it on the ground for support.
Sherrin’s got a thin beard and deep shadows beneath his eyes. For the last week he’s been asleep more than awake. The memory holes are getting worse. Yesterday he couldn’t recall the combinations for their elements game. He got angry and confused when Sherlock tried to discuss some of what he was reading in Gibbs. Mum is on the phone with doctors constantly, her eyes red all the time.
“Who?”
Subject: Re: Re: EUREKA
“Lies!” it barked and John quailed, shrinking back into its hand. The troll scowled, then sadly shook its huge, curly-maned head. “Sorry. It’s a sore spot, tha’ propaganda. I mean really, lookit here.” The troll opened its cave of a mouth. John glimpsed surprisingly small, square teeth and smelled cinnamon again. The huge mouth eased shut. “Does that look like a mouth that could eat a goat?” it grumbled. “Not a goat, nor a man!” John didn’t argue that he could easily have fit inside with space to spare. “We’re veggytarians, trolls. Just a load of lies.”
it.” The child’s scowl bloomed on his face. “I preferred to stay away from humans rather than be her puppet.”
“John, please,” Sherlock scoffs, feeling his stomach flip. “You and Rosie can stay as long as you want. But you won’t. I’m sure you’ll have a lovely new wife within a few years.”
, says his inner Sherlock. John’s face is tipped up to gasp at his last inch of air, his ears full of the dark rubbery sounds of water, but as he slides below again he thinks he sees movement in the gloom above. He struggles to kick back up when something heavy splashes next to him.
“I’ll presume you’ve already heard the message and mobilized a team?”
John has sat both boys down on the low stone wall to check them for injuries. Chen’s boyfriend sits close, hugging his knees to his chest, physically unhurt, but looking much worse for wear. He’s holding Chen’s hand tightly. The police alerted, Sherlock pockets his mobile and makes a mental note to tell Chen about a good counselor for this sort of thing.
Sherlock frowned at him. “Why?”
The flat is filled with the smell of slightly burned bacon as John putters in the recently-scoured kitchen, fixing
John grins
But this time, rather than pulling back, John slides off his chair fully, landing on his knees and sliding his hand up the long line of Sherlock’s thigh. Hissing in his breath, Sherlock leans forward to pull him into a kiss.
It was painfully difficult keeping his feet slow and shuffling as the first Netters materialized out of the fog far ahead. The other workers gave the clanking squadron a wide berth. This was a low-ranking crew, John realized. Though no less threatening, their modifications were more limited. But John caught his breath when he saw the hulking, wolf-helmed squadron leader holding a Scutter’s Dome.
to us…You nearly
Sherlock snaps the egg closed, carefully rewrapping the velvet and sealing it deep inside the chest. Then he slams the lid down hard.
“I admit it preoccupied my thoughts,” John says, trying to hold a sober expression and failing. “Christ, come here.” He shifts across the couch, closing the distance between them, arms outstretched. Bemused, Sherlock lets John pull him tightly against his chest. John’s voice is muffled in his curls, all humor gone.
“Of course, the other elephants are getting caught up in the fun.” He grinned at John. “Best to get a bit more elevation.”
“John–” Sherlock breathes. It is utterly worth the last two months of subterfuge to see the look of genuine, deeply-touched surprise on Sherlock’s face. “You… you did this
Stop being clouded by your anger! This proves that Toria hasn’t gotten access to some arcane magic or new power. She’s
he realizes numbly. The exhaustion begins to press down on him as the adrenaline wears off. He’s shaking and crosses to the couch, sinking down into the cushions an operative has just thoroughly explored for hidden compartments. Focused on their task, they completely ignore him.
He dives in to kiss him and is met with the fierce press of John’s mouth. Sherlock suddenly wants his skin so much closer. He tries to pull him off of the floor to join him in his chair, but John has suddenly become immovable.
“They
The sneering boy’s fingers twitched and Johnny flinched, but nothing happened. “So you think you can
John hoisted up his gasping companion and leaned in close, speaking low. “I think we’ve made it. Let me help you, it’s just down the way.”
is that you?” He lurches from the stove and stumbles toward the foyer, his eyes meeting Mary’s, not Rosamund’s. Rosamund is well concealed. His face is a mess of anger and relief, pain and incredulity. Very little of it needs to be feigned. Anger bubbles up first. “Christ, Mary, where the
“Okay,” he hums, “we’ll try a seventh.”
Sherlock isn’t at all sleepy. While on a case, he rarely actually
“Sleep,” he says croakily, pecking a quick kiss to his temple. John starts to protest, but Sherlock has already launched from the bed, dressing gown swirling out the door, leaving just a warm spot on the mattress. Glad as John is to stay horizontal, he wishes it held Sherlock, instead.
“No! John!” He flops onto the bed, arms outstretched. “Our seltzer! It’s all shooken up!”
Sherlock kisses his temple. John squeezes his eyes shut.
“What?” Sherrin grins at Sherlock’s discomfort. “You need the guidance of an elder.” He snorts. “And it’s not like you’ll get much from Mycroft.”
Sherlock snaps up his bow and rosins it while he paces the bedroom.
John chuckled. “Lots happened while you were out of it, old boy. Here, you awake enough for me to fill you in?”
John goggled at the creature made of flame. “But how…? They’ll
“It’s okay, Sherrin,” he whispers. “I’m working on a plan. Just be patient.”
The sun was dropping toward the horizon as Lestrade’s team completed their investigation of
The surgeon had led Lestrade out of the catacombs and into a workroom. Black-clad scientists moved among shelves crowded with glass bottles containing snapping white light. Sweeping his silver-fingered hand past them, Lestrade’s guide joyfully declared that it was a sheer accident that had wed Toria’s two failures into her greatest success – surely a sign that God himself had deemed it to be so.
, had likely been responsible for Inspector Lestrade’s chosen profession. Ever since boyhood, he’d worked tenaciously to decode his random premonitions. In time, the scraps would come into focus.
“I willingly made a
Sherlock nods, following John, who is rigid with indignation, and feels himself toppling even more headlong into a chasm of
John feels his pulse speed up, his mouth go dry.
that I finish the work he paid me for.”
It’s time to take care of John.
One small blessing, he must admit, is that due to the ridiculous
John frantically retraced his worries and felt himself redden with shame. Nervous as he was, he wouldn’t have actually
The thrill of it jolted up his spine.
How’s Gran?
John blinked sleepily and gave him a puzzled smile. “What for?”
Sherlock’s breath hitches at the sight of John’s chest bared only for him. He runs his fingertips wonderingly through the soft copse of silvery-blonde hair between his pectorals, lingering to rub over the hardening nub of a nipple he never dared to touch during his nursing duties. John’s soft groan has laughter in it.
“Did you?” The pale clerk’s brow furrowed. “Where?”
“What have we got here?” John calls out loudly. The aggressors turn slightly, taking in the older couple before them, hands clasped.
“I can’t seem to stay dressed today,” John chuckles as his trousers and pants are tossed to the floor.
“Thas’ better. You had quite the dunking, don’t want you catching cold.” The huge orbs of his eyes swiveled to focus on Sherlock. “We weren’t properly introduced. I’m William. Fished you out of my river last night. You and your friend, just there, sparkled out of the sky as I was lookin’ at the stars. Landed in the drink, but I got you out. Good thing, too.”
if I’d found you when we were kids. I wouldn’t have told a soul about you.”
John blushed and hastily bundled the clothing under his arm. “I’ll just, um, pop off for a quick wash, then, before I offend you all further.”
John is tipping forward, too far forward. He’s too close to the sloping edge – how had he gotten so close? Sherlock can clearly see the slight sunburn on the back of John’s neck; the neon green stitching in the hem of his gray shirt; the dust on his socks; the silver camera swinging away from his fingers, attached by a cord to his wrist.
After skimming through several of the volumes, it was clear to John that Mrs. Hudson was far more than a kindly, grumbling halfblood haven-keeper. A powerful practitioner of both mundane and wild magic, she was also highly informed of the magical underworld and had visited many cultures around the globe.
. His mind raced back to the Wall Guard’s dusty catacomb, packed with contraband books he’d pored through under the guise of anti-Faerie research. His knowledge was shaky, at best – many of the books were half-burned enigmas, or in an ancient prose so colorful it was difficult to tell fact from fancy.
“Yea, heard of it, thanks. I just, I dunno, never suspected.”
“There, shock blanket.”
Mrs. Hudson clucked her tongue. “Goodness, that just isn’t how it’s done. You saw how difficult it was for me to know you properly, even up close.” She chuckled softly. “The keeper of the Northern Haven is more dryad than human. Spends most of her days in tree-form. Can you imagine how disruptive it would have been for you, having a tree stroll out of the woods to have a chat about your wild blood?”
“So… what became of the halfbloods?”
John muses appreciatively. “Never read the Mabinogion, just a lot of Tolkien. Sounds excellent. Do we have a copy?”
Sherlock’s eyes glitter. “A new lab and a case–” he holds up a hand summarily – “to
Sherlock’s feels his insides freeze.
Sherlock cautiously held up his hand toward John’s brow. “May I?”
him he could. His stomach clenched with shame. There hadn’t been time to explain the complicated lie.
John creakily settles on his belly in the grass next to Sherlock and looks into the bed of vivid yellow, pink and orange flowers.
John gasps as relief floods through him.
Sherlock is watching his hands as if they belong to someone else. They unlock his poisonous chemicals cupboard. They take the vial of DT21 off a shelf and measure a dose into a glass of water. He’s feels his legs taking him down the hall and into Sherrin’s room. As if from behind one-way glass, he watches his brother blink at him sleepily. Sherlock’s hands flash the signal for chromium, his heart clenching at the trust and relief that wash over his brother’s face. Sherlock watches him take the glass and gulp down the water automatically, then flop back to sleep.
Sherlock nods, grave, and watches him slip into the dark car and speed away.
“Well, that’s because you’re her Dada,” John shrugs, hugging him a little closer as they scuff along the pavement beneath the streetlights, breath puffing in the chilly air. “She knows she can bend you to her wants.” He chuckles. “I don’t expect that will end anytime soon.”
“Right, Lyra,” she says very seriously to the rat, holding her up to look her in the eye. The rat sniffs her cheek. “You were tops on this maze last week. Then Dada made you forget. I bet that felt
They sit for a long moment leaning into one another on the bed.
John’s eyes darted to his.
“Um, pardon my asking, but…” The two dark orbs focused on John, piercing him with an intelligent stare that shook John’s nerve. “Are you a…I mean, would you happen to be a…bridge troll?”
He sits perched on the edge of the sofa, holding his aching head, trembling with the effort. Suddenly, Sherlock gently, firmly pulls him over, wrapping his arms tightly around him. Slowly, the fierce tension in his body begins to melt.
He’d been an absolute idiot, terrified of their capture, flying them as far away from the circus as he could, ignoring every warning sign until his energy had completely failed him.
“So, the Qing Empire–” Sherlock asked, watching John limp quickly down the hall.
That night, after Lissa had finally fallen asleep in the next room aided by six books, three songs, a cuddle, a kiss, and a fist-bump, John had held up the journal and said, ‘It’s time.’ Sherlock had been shocked.
There is a roar in John’s ears as he steps around the corner and aims his gun at Mary. He doesn’t remember pulling it out of his waistband, but there it is in his hand, pointed at her heart, no sign of a tremor. The sight of her makes him gasp – head to foot in black: bullet-proof vest, gloves, knit cap pulled over her hair, gun trained steadily at Sherlock.
Wild, heathen magic was the very source of her power, fueling every marvelous, terrifying new contraption she created.
John’s face relaxed gratefully and a tumble of thoughts filled Sherlock’s mind – words, images, a waterfall of information. Sherlock gasped and braced himself against the tall, lichen-spotted stone.
Standing before the toilet, it occurs to him that he’s just walked from the bed to the bathroom without any hesitation. His balance has returned, his head feels clear, and yesterday’s sagging, debilitating exhaustion is a shadow of its former self.
The vaults that hold all of his
“Quick work, that,” John said through gritted teeth. “They must really want you.”
good story if we wait just a bit.”
“That almost sounded like a compliment.”
, Sherlock, from a
Several long moments later, a small, familiar throat-clearing catches John’s attention. He feels Sherlock twitch impatiently.
. After their induction, the halfblood-hunting Netters were more contraption than flesh. He painted on a self-deprecating smirk. “Are you mad? What would they want with an ancient thing like me?”
Lestrade though enviously. Even at Tobi's terrifying speed, they’d still need to track the outlaws long into the night. Queen’s orders.
, John,” Sherlock nettles, though it has no venom.
John pinked a bit behind his magical whiskers. “Well, lastly I just had to imagine myself in the past, think of a
“I can feed myself,” Sherlock groused, his voice raspy from the day’s disuse.
General Tallack briefly gripped Lestrade’s hand in greeting. He winced at the vice-like pressure and noted the silver points in the flesh where retractable claws could emerge above the knuckles. He’d once seen Tallack scale a six-story building using just his claws.
“Where are you taking me?”
Took my own advice about the synapses. Got a few things to talk to you about. When are you coming round?
“Of course. Well, more or less. I knew I’d have the chance today, but the exact means were not clear until we touched palms.”
“Oh Sherlock,” John breathes, barely a whisper against his ear, “I love you…”
He rolled over, hurt. “No. That has never happened to me before. I did not seek it out. I am as surprised as you.” He couldn’t keep the defensiveness out of his voice.
Sherlock grins widely and pulls John to him, hugging him with a fervor, then kisses him on the path amidst the crowd.
“John, love–” Sherlock squeezes him tightly, dimly aware of the whistling kettle in Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen, “You were brilliant. You kept your head.” Melissa makes a soft honking hum in her sleep. “You saved us.”
In any spontaneous process, there is always an increase in entropy of the universe
“Thanks, but no thanks,” John huffs, heading into the kitchen. “I think I prefer my mammary stimulation the old-fashioned way.”
Sherlock doesn’t laugh and John feels a prickle of anxiety. Though they’d been anticipating the call, been on tenterhooks since the start of the new year, Sherlock had become well and truly panicked earlier that night after Mycroft’s text:
He snapped back to the present and found that Mrs. Hudson and Lune were standing in a clearing created by the largest yew tree he had ever seen, the knotty trunk large enough for five grown men to encircle it. His eyes followed it into the canopy above, woven by thousands of its interlocking branches.
“I wouldn’t say no to a neck massage later,” he says over his shoulder as he walks stiffly to the stairs.
would love to know more about his theory. Well then, since you asked, I’ll tell you.”
he marveled, glancing at his gaunt and disheveled reflection in the mirror as he splashed water on his face.
was leading the Western World’s most powerful shadow government? How benevolent could they possibly be?”
Sherlock shakes his head wonderingly.
A sudden dark blur in the corner of the screen. The image shudders. In the video, John makes a small sound of surprise. Sherlock’s hand jumps to pause the footage, reverses, then zooms in with the little buttons. Though a bit blurry, they can clearly see–
“I’ve heard bells chime the hour only once. We’ll be fine if we hurry.”
“You can barely lift your hands,” John countered in what Sherlock was beginning to think of as his
be dancing like
the fellatio, not receiving it, and was clearly inciting rather a lot of feeling due to the frequency of the marks and depth of suction seen in the dark colorations. Clearly a fervent sexual act after long repression.’
“Okay, love. Okay.”
Out on those streets, squadrons of Netters would be hunting them. He and Sherlock had only narrowly escaped them this morning because he, apparently, could travel through
He felt drunk on the chlorophyl, eyes rapidly decoding the passing of seasons from the layers of decomposing leaves and the whorls in the bark of an enormous aspen tree.
Oh yes, they’d kept their promise, Sherrin had woken right on cue and kept his life.
“I’m fine – you, where–”
Long moments pass. Steam wafts up from their mugs. John stares into the  milky swirl slowly spinning on the surface of his tea. He huffs a sigh.
“Where’s Rosie? Not still asleep?” John asks puzzled, standing in the doorway, tired and rumpled from a day at the surgery. He heels off his shoes and kicks them under the coat rack. The small, familiar gesture is not lost on Sherlock, who has been cataloging every instance he’s witnessed of John’s growing comfort in the flat – and around Sherlock – since he moved back in with Rosie.
Lestrade pulled a slip of paper from his pocket and rattled it. “This arrived by dove twenty minutes past. Our new assistant has sent word of a sighting.” A genuine messenger dove – he liked Stan more by the minute. “The mechanical bird’s tracking our quarry just outside Sevenoaks.”
That night, Sherlock and Sherrinford scuff slowly back up the stairs from a break, full of sandwiches and tea, pockets stuffed with stale scones and eating out of the same rumpled bag of crisps.
Sherlock: Qnatre Qrfgebl nyy GQ erpbeqf Lbh xabj abguvat V nz fb fbeel V jvyy nyjnlf or cebhq bs lbh.
“When it’s
“John,” he hears himself say in a faint, reedy voice.
He aches for his old Gran, wishes she’d return, but he is fifteen, an inventor of secret serums, no longer a virgin. He begins to lay her to rest with his childhood. His brilliant Gran is securely preserved, her sprawling gardens duplicated to the best of his ability around his own mind palace. He walks there often, puzzling through his research. Tea with this new Gran is an opportunity for practical observation and he fills whole greenhouses with his study of her behavior.
“Who are you!” he screams toward the opening. “Get me out of here you sick, sodding bastard!” His thoughts race, but it’s all coming back in disconnected shards of memory that make no sense. Sherlock holding a baby… Mrs. Hudson in a… sports car? A mad genius sister running them through horrific trials…
“So you
Sherlock held his gaze. “And yet. In the burning forest. You were willing to let yourself be captured, to keep them from finding
Sherlock grins. “I’ll be up soon. Let me put away these papers. I don’t want them drawn on again in the morning.”
“Oh. Um. Good,” John croaked, shivering at the thought of what would have become of them if the panther had not approved.
Copious thanks to my beta,
“To be perfectly honest, until I met you, each time I dashed down some alley after a thief or tracked down a murderer, I would hear his voice in my mind. But I didn’t care. Because there was only myself to lose. And then,
“Never fear, John.” Sherlock tries to keep his voice light, abruptly launching from the doorway to set up his post at a small table under the window. “You can have the blankets
~ o ~
seemed like insurmountable goals at the moment.
.” She sighed wearily, the sharp edge of her anger fading.
“Well, look at that. Too low to have washed off between patients.”
“The last time we even came close was…”
John’s endearment sits in his mind like a pleasantly burning coal.
, to damn me in the eyes of The Elders? Oo, and how’s that going by the way?”
John,” he groans. “I haven’t been away from her since she was
halfbloods to find?”
When Sherlock and John share their first kiss, Sherlock creates a tree for John in his mind palace to store all of his love and memories of him. This rapidly growing, intertwining tree of life is from the Ghibli movie
“Can’t you just ask your benefactor for an advance? And then not blow it on cards for once your life?”
“Can, will, already have. It’s all settled. Bank of England’s business, now.” Sherrin gently nudges him and they continue walking. Sherlock carefully folds the letter back into its envelope and tucks it into his back pocket.
John sputters, his face turbulent with anguish and fury.
Sherlock didn’t answer, scowling at the skyline as if it withheld the answer.
“So sure, are you?”
“You say that now,” Sherlock rumbles. “The grief is still acute.”
I have very little experience with these overwhelming urges."
John grinned at him sleepily, carding his fingers through Sherlock’s mussed hair. “Morning, darling. Surprised to see you so sleepy with a case on. We should get up, go meet our client. Maybe they’ll take pity and make us tea.”
John felt the world swing around him as the creature turned away from the river to settle beneath the protection of the arch. Carefully holding John and Sherlock aloft, it sat with a groan and a shuddering thump.
- bad nightmare. Thrashing, weeping, and me with no way to comfort you. I remember how you cried out,
John placed his fingertips on Sherlock’s pale temple, registering his vitals with a weary pulse. “He’s unconscious, magically exhausted. I pulled the water out of his lungs, but the river’s poisons could do him in, he’s so weak.” John shuddered with exhaustion. “I have to rest before I can heal him properly.”
Before the panic can seize him again, John feels a tug. The ropes tighten and he marvels as they snug against his back, around his legs and shoulders, dispersing his weight evenly, if uncomfortably. It’s brilliant. Three tugs and he’s cleared the water, dripping and bumping lightly against the rough stones.
“Um." His throat has gone dry.
Sherlock burrows against John’s shoulder, staying quiet for several breaths, the nerves of his scalp alight beneath John’s fingertips. The old fear begins to ebb.
his heart had cried. Too late. The clockwork was already in motion, no way to stop it. It had taken all of his willpower to stay limp on the pavement, cricket ball clenched against his side to silence his pulse, to convince John, clever John, that he was dead.
So maybe he knows. But he’ll be damned if he’s going to get lured into such risky territory, even with Sherrin.
“No. Let’s go.” John firmly turns Sherlock to the stairs. “She’s right. We’re fussing. Come on, reservation’s in ten minutes.” He laces their fingers together as they stump down the steps to the street.
As the water in the shower warms, John slides off Sherlock’s rumpled, sticky shirt and dressing gown, peppering his chest with tiny nibbling kisses. Sherlock slowly runs his fingers all along John’s skin, grinning when the feather-light strokes raise goosebumps. When they finally notice steam has filled the bathroom, Sherlock holds onto John’s forearm to steady him as he steps over the wall of the tub.
it be you? She’s crazy about you!”
Sherlock smiled at the thought of biscuits. There had been few opportunities in the circus to satisfy his sweet-tooth. He quickly traded his rumpled shirt for the soft, blue linen one she had given him, wondering if he’d soon be able to change his appearance as easily as pulling on a shirt. “I’ve never been able to manage a glamor, but always wanted to understand how…” His words caught in his throat. Mrs. Hudson’s cheery demeanor had crumpled into a watery frown as she caught sight of his bare torso.
“Say it was Magnusson. Write it down. You’ll forget.”
“Britain rebuilt its bee population with species from other countries, but none adapted to the climate as well as these right here.”
“No,” John smiles. “He’s a rascal, Angelo. We’re meant t’eat it with one. Like this.” And John scoops up a bite of the coffee-soaked cake and hovers it in front of Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock crinkles with a smile, belly warm with wine. Not taking his eyes off of John’s, he slowly pulls the bite off the fork with his lips, licking them and grinning.
“Did I? Old habit, I suppose. You’re right, she never used the common names. She was very old fashioned. Took ages in the circus to understand why everyone was calling me a
were still vague and difficult to interpret.
“Got it. Milk, bounce, Vivaldi, seven. Remember, gents, I’ve got three little siblings. Second nature, this. But never fear,” she waggles her phone at them, “we have your numbers on speed dial.”
John studies him with a pained look. He stands on tiptoe to kiss him over Lissa’s head, then nuzzles the downy top of the baby’s smooth cranium.
John darts back to the bed, diving down to kiss at his ankles. Sherlock has to bite the back of his hand to keep from giggling, toes curling with the intense tickle.
“Yes. I played beautifully.”
“It was so
on sabbatical. The hover-car is in the shop.” Sherlock snakes his arm around John. “Dinner?”
.” She barks a laugh and winks at John. It makes his skin crawl. “That’s what I love, Sherlock, the
John smirks and pulls him down the hall by the hand toward their bedroom.
“I’m stuffed, you finish that.” He rubs his stomach absently, grimacing. “I should start slow with this rich food after living off of your concoctions.”
“Ah, that’s it.” John suddenly releases him, stepping away to scroll through the shots. “Yea, that’s one for the mantle.” He holds it up for Sherlock’s appraisal. He sees that the camera has captured one of him looking down at John with a fond and bemused expression, John beaming with the sprawling scenery behind them.
“Oh! Sherlock! Didn’t expect you back so soon from John’s.” She nods uncertainly at Mycroft, quickly turning her focus back to Sherlock. “I brought everything over, everything on your list.” Sherlock sweeps up to her and takes her hand suddenly, kissing it. Molly eyes him quizzically. “You’re welcome, but best save your gallantry for him.” She points down the street with her chin.
John startles awake with a gasp. He peers into the dark.
“John… the
Sherlock shook his head, tugging him along. “No time,” he rasped. “I’ll be fine.”
John’s anguish pulls him back to Bart’s. The frantic race to get everything in place. The horror as he’d realized John had returned and would witness the false suicide. Clever John.
“I’ve just solved a case.” Sherlock gestures vaguely at the floor and walls covered with papers, news clippings, a large neon green duffel and a single rusty hockey skate marooned in the papers like flotsam. “There’s actually an order to it.”
They lay panting, clinging, cursing, skin coated with dust, knees and palms bleeding and grass-stained.
letting his tears fall freely.
that you were being manipulated by an assassin. I had to play her game.” Sherlock sucks in his breath. “It galls me, bitterly, that after two years of interminable suffering on both our parts, I had still not succeeded in keeping you safe, had in fact put you in the greatest jeopardy of all.”
didn’t. I worried you might have some pretty big regrets in the morning.”
Sherlock scoops up the infant, swaddles her loosely in the blanket, and cuddles her against his chest as naturally as if he’s done it a hundred times. John’s vision goes a bit blurry as Sherlock proceeds to walk her around the room, his shirt loose and unbuttoned, a stark contrast to his manic pacing hours earlier.
Sherlock peered into the fire-lit gloom. He was surrounded by shelves of books, comfortable furniture, and the subtle vibration of deep, uncanny magic. He breathed a shuddering sigh.
John nods appreciatively. “I like it. We could call her Lissa, too.”
he snaps.
“And you,” Sherlock calls with a chuckle. The door shuts.
As their pulses slow and sweat cools, Sherlock’s lips begin to register their bruising. There is the tricky, ridiculous moment of disentangling themselves from the small space of Sherlock’s chair. Springs creaking, joints popping, they awkwardly stand, swaying and giggling at their unsteady legs. Sherlock leans in to kiss him as they thread arms around waists and stumble to the bathroom. Sherlock glances back at his chair which has ceased to simply be a
“Impossible. That much energy does
Sherlock turns his focus to the baby, avoiding John’s fierce gaze.
“Wot?” he blurts groggily.
“Where are you taking us?” John asked, wrinkling his nose as if the huge mustache was ticklish.
“I miss him, too, brother mine.”
“Bloody hell…” John shakes his head, appalled.
He purses his lips, nodding with approval as he considers Sherlock’s old childhood mate, usually off at school in Scotland. “Your first, then?”
At first, he anticipated the assassin to find him in the night and finish the job. He kept his bedroom window open to save her the trouble of breaking in. But she never came. No black car with a squadron of suits ever crept up their drive. It bothered him.
John’s fist clenched against his leg.
Tears spring to John’s eyes and his throat constricts so tightly he can barely call back.
“Wouldn’t believe the messes I stumble on. Near-overdoses, babies about to be born, couples at each other’s throats. And there I am with the Peking duck and my kit, faster than any ambulance. They usually wouldn’t call one, anyway. Like you. But this is the first time I’ve ever been
The phone gives a final desultory buzz and lays still. Beside him, Sherlock heaves a long, shuddering exhale and rolls over in his sleep. John gingerly eases out of bed. Making as little noise as possible, he pads down the hall to use the loo.
Johnny chanted in his mind.
John putters around the room, dressing, packing the bags, laying out Sherlock’s clothes. With a terse exhale, Sherlock snaps the laptop shut.
“So…” John breathes, “it’s
“Course she did. Everyone does.” John glowers.
The Sergeant turned back, clearly annoyed. “Sir, we have to hurry, he could fly off any second–”
John climbs the stairs to 221B. He’s juggling twice as much food as usual and leaning awkwardly on his cane. The door to the flat is open.
“Yes, alright.”
“Had to leave that behind as well?” John asked quietly.
Crushed beneath the mattress, John’s left hand closes on metal. He squeezes his eyes shut with relief. He has one more second, maybe two.
The shadows grow longer and the sun dips below the line of buildings. They sit in the dim light for a long time, holding and being held.
fine, John,” Sherlock snaps fiercely. “One mist-step and you’d have died.” Sherlock sucks in a rough breath. “
“Please,” he whispers into John’s ear. “Fight this. Wake up. Come back to me.” His tears fall onto John’s skin as he plummets headlong into dark, overpowering sleep.
here.” He takes a long shuddering breath. “If I’d died in that dream, I’m fairly certain it would have been permanent.”
“John,” Sherlock whispered close to his ear. “Glamor’s gone.” A quick glance down showed him his old salt-and soot-stained woolens and scuffed black boots had returned.
“What can I say?” Sherlock squeezes him close, “Seeing you single-handedly outfox our tormentor and would-be killer gives me a raging appetite.”
but clearly taking a kip on the sofa.”
John chuckled. “Bandying about with iron is the only wild magic I’ve ever managed. Haven’t found the frequencies for any other elements. Why, can you make fire?”
“I don’t care. It isn’t properly breakfast in bed if you’re already dashing about. It’s supposed to be
Admitting defeat, he realized John was already stretched out in a patch of shadow on the thick moss, new coat folded under his head, shirtsleeves rolled up and snoring lightly. He stretched out near him on the mossy carpet.
John raised his brows skeptically. “Sherlock, the Wall is fleeting, near-impenetrable, and deadly. How on earth would you get us across?”
“You sure? Looks like it hurts.”
right. But I don’t know why yet. It’s maddening.”
“Oh. So, you’ve never been to Faerie?”
“Yea, um, apologies. Must’ve been maddening, not being able to block me out last night.”
“Oh really,” Sherlock sneers, “you’ve got PTSD, of course you have a therapist.”
Wha?! A new chapter already?! Oh yes, and it's soaked in honey.
“John, don’t curse around the baby.”
“You were ill, John, it was child’s play. Had you been serving tea to all your widowed aunts you still would not have known our people intervened.
“If I was a halfblood, they’d never catch me! I wouldn’t need a zeppelin! I’d fly back to the mountains – I’d save all the other halfbloods!"
As casually as his nerves would allow, John half-led, half-carried Sherlock into the alley, the stamp of the squadron’s boots approaching and the Scutter’s Dome crackling furiously. John knew where it would be pointing.
The rhythmic clank of running footfalls came louder behind them from the street, but the fog between the warehouses was too thick to see far. Ahead, the mist cleared and John let out a groan of frustration. The fire cat sat primly at the base of a tangle of enormous pipes. The alley was a maintenance access for this pipework, a dead end.
“Don’t try to get up, but here,” she nudges the ottoman to him so he can put up his feet and spreads the tartan blanket over him, a bit stained with dry spit-up. “Get some more sleep, if you can. I heard her up more than half the night, poor love. Colic?”
They lay together for a long while, the baby making little snuffles in her sleep nearby. Sherlock thinks John may have drifted off as well, when he hears his hoarse whisper.
bit. Babies and deductions – great terrain for your skills. Just think, it could be a whole new career for you. All those bewildered parents you could save.”
The voice belongs to an unfamiliar young woman, barely older than him. She stands a few paces away, arms crossed, her trim gray business jacket and skirt incongruous on one so young. She reeks of organization, of superiority. Her well-funded childhood glares in a hundred tiny details from the calf muscles of a life-long equestrian to the hints of extensive orthodontic work on too-bright teeth.
John appraises him as soberly as he can. “Sherlock, this is
The water has crept up to his chest. A horrible thought occurs to him: the water would have been over the child’s head by now. He swallows very hard, suddenly overwhelmed with grief for this small person who endured such torment. At the same time, Sherlock’s grim, detached voice in his mind directs him to the obvious solution. John’s heart sinks. He needs to take several ragged breaths before he can submerge again.
“I know. But it’s safe to be angry with him. I need to be angry at someone right now.”
, he thought with a thrill.
John’s eyes glitter. “I was saying, Don Juan, how odd it feels to be, well,
John soothes his free hand over Sherlock’s back and cranes his neck to kiss him.
No. Not his patient.
dreams.”
It’s Sherlock’s turn to redden and turn away.
Sherlock wakes alone in bed. He lays for a moment, blinking in the dim light, his limbs taking up much too much of the mattress. He listens to the hum of traffic below on Baker Street.
Minutes pass. The shivering is beginning to subside.
, he has at least shown no signs of becoming cragfast.
Sherlock catches up to him at the lift, standing a careful distance away. While they wait, he gently sways side-to-side, patting Lissa’s back.
“Rosamund in disguise… and the unexpected blessing it brought to us in the form of a child? That’s awful.” Sherlock frowns. “But clever.”
But there’s still The Work. Another man had not been so lucky. His family wants answer, his brother’s innocence is in question. Sherlock gently tugs the camera strap off of John’s wrist and takes several photos of the footprints in the dusty grass. Fortunately, he’d lunged away from the tracks, keeping them intact. It’s all he has to go on, but he’s not sure it’s enough to pinpoint the blame on the brother. He thinks of the victim’s grieving wife and crouches closer to John as he packs up their gear.
“Starving,” John replies with a soft grin, falling into step beside him.
you woke. I’d best begin to live up to my oath.”
“Yes. True.”
Mrs. Hudson stepped over a low ring of stones, placed very intentionally around the trunk, grown over with thick moss on a carpet of rust-red pine needles. As she and Lune strode into the ring, they simply disappeared as if they had walked through a thick curtain.
those memories. As part of my punishment.” Sherlock turned away and appeared to become engrossed in the foggy silhouette of the City of Steam.
“Here,” he handed the acorn to Sherlock with a smirk. “To ward off vile Faerie magic.”
“Will we see you again?” Sherlock blustered.
“Yes, yes, fine,” she grumbled, plopping the book into Sherlock’s lap as she walked past, then settled onto the sofa cushions with a groan.
Mrs. Hudson stood over Sherlock, watching the sleeping halfblood with a maternal air, her eyes moving up and down his exhausted body. She sighed sadly. “Poor poppet. Chained for so long – terrible to cage such a bird.”
Though he is aching with cold, the sheer ridiculousness of the moment hits him: sitting in Sherlock’s arms, naked in his precious Belstaff,
“At least tell me the
Chen shakes his head, smiling.
~ o ~
We were working for a secret organization.
“What a waste! It’ll take ages to find that track again.” Sherlock scowls over at John who is laughing hysterically, uncontrollably, cheeks pinked with cold. With a careful effort, Sherlock rights himself and skids cautiously over to John, offering his hand.
thought of the silent, blank-eyed mages in the ballroom, and
Sherlock stops, lightly affronted, and studies John with a scowl. His attention snaps to the street. He blinks rapidly, a slow grin growing on his face.
“I’m quite certain the serums are at your house.”
was having a dream. Bloody strange one. Everyone just vanished.”
me? Tell me what I was?”
John shrugged.
Sherlock feels the emotion stretched thin and taught between them. He looks hard at Mycroft, always cleverer, always the good son in brilliant, troubled Sherrin’s shadow, appalled as his untamed brothers routinely failed to master the system and live above mere mortals.
“–it wasn’t
Sherlock runs a hand over John’s back soothingly. John can hear him swallow nervously.
Only then, with the deed done, does Sherlock begin to occupy his body. He slumps down into the chair at the bedside, feels his blood roaring in his ears, his hands shake, his stomach clench, the adrenaline finally flooding him. Sitting there in the darkness of his brother’s room, he folds into himself, hugging knees to chin, and waits.
“Where’s the flyer?” the woman yelled to him, then shouted cruelly into the dark, “Come on out, freak!” The search light rose from her grasp and hovered above their heads, freeing up her hands for defensive magic.
healer.”
Molly joins her on the landing with a warmed bottle, burp cloth draped over her shoulder. Edith slides an arm around her waist. Glowing, Molly pecks her on the cheek and pulls a goofy, exaggerated face that makes Lissa coo, little hands grabbing her nose.
As John stood to leave, the medium spoke.
John’s stomach ached with guilt. He’d stung the man badly with his runaway worries. Here he was, the first person to show Sherlock any kindness in years, then doubted his every intention.
Sherlock frowns and narrows his eyes at John, assessing him.
They stare at one another, wrapped in the same towel.
Subject: Re: Re: 60!
“If by that you mean no more fake suicides or overdoses–”
Sherlock couldn’t see John’s face, but felt his playfulness. “Ah, so you finally admit you were responsible for the
“Shite,” Sherlock mutters. John has lurched awake next to him. “Completely forgot. Told Molly to come by and get the lab equipment. What time is it?”
“John–” Overwhelmed, Sherlock burrows his face into his shoulder, clings to him. John nuzzles his neck and rubs his back while their hearts thunder together between them. John is considering kissing him again when the familiar, tinny whine of sirens becomes audible through the trees. Sherlock’s head snaps up.
John glared at him for a long moment before shaking his head with wonder. “Course I did, as well you know,” he muttered, the stormy waves calming. “No bloody idea
“Where were you?”
“Okay?”
Strange coincidence, that. He cracks a smile as Sherlock disappears into the polished silver elevator.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You mean,” John says very softly, his fire extinguished, “– you mean her
“Sherlock, look, I’m sor–”
As John’s eyes began to adjust, he glimpsed a pale chin and full lips just visible beneath the hood. The silence stretched on. He set his jaw, hands clenching in his lap.
“The old hills. That’s where you brought us in the dream.”
“Let’s see how your legs are doing.”
May you have a peaceful ramble ahead of you, wherever you are.
The blue socks you’re wearing were a gift from your mother.”
“But what about The Work? How could we possibly juggle an infant and hare after criminals?”
Lestrade dismissed most of his agents for the afternoon, scowling when he noticed the Netters had taken it upon themselves to re-question the circus rabble. Tobi followed his eye and frowned.
continue The Work, I don’t know that I
, in the prime of his youth, now mysteriously on death’s door,” she wrinkles her brow at him sympathetically. “All because you abandoned him when he needed you most.”
you startled me.”
responsibility
“Incredible… so, if you kept walking through those trees, would you stumble into the streets, or hit the Wall, or what?”
“I can see he’s in good care,” she winked, then placed a soft, wrinkled palm on Sherlock’s pale cheek. Sherlock heaved a long sigh and sunk more deeply into the sofa. “There, just a bit of sleep to see him through the Expunge.”
“Slipped it in her
Of particular interest is the bruising. The marks he received as souvenirs from the card sharks have healed to a mottled greenish brown on cheek and brow. The cuts from his aggressor’s rings are scabbed and nearly healed, so the bruising on his shoulder, just visible under the gown, catches his attention. It’s brighter, vividly purple, just a few hours old, made by small, strong hands.
Sherlock scowled, feeling a confusing mixture of emotions.
Is that you… speaking into in my mind?” John asked warily.
John purses his lips, avoiding his eyes. Sherlock waits by the bathroom door, towel still gripped in his white-knuckled fists, breath tight.
“Obviously. I’d need to significantly alter my diet… But John, as a doctor, the benefits of breastmilk are certainly widely known to you.”
John’s? Oh, this is tiresome. As always, Sherlock, one word, one breath of this to John, and it will be worse than death for him. You as ever have my word on that.”
“We’ve been terribly worried about you. Can’t say I approved at first of Sherlock pulling you out of hospital to hide you away up here, but I suppose he must have been on to something.” She rests a warm hand on his cheek and appraises him critically. “Just
“Yes.”
He paces the carpet around the bed. It could be over in moments, or it could last much longer. The thought of John alone in his dream, suffering, out of his reach, is maddening.
“Got a tricky thing I’m working on. Bit
“Forgive me, John,” Sherlock says gently. John’s head snaps up. He had not heard Sherlock come to the door. He’s traded his saucy apron for the silky blue dressing gown, his expression somber. “I… shouldn’t have treated this so lightly. I just thought, you should know I’d been thinking about it, that it was okay if–”
From: redbeard001@ox.edu
“Ah, little brother, so you’ve come back to us.”
“Do you, I dunno, want to go to Angelo’s or something?”
Somehow, appallingly, everything is moving on. His parents leave for work each morning. Mycroft goes to London and returns on the weekends. Sherlock avoids him. There is talk of returning to school in a few weeks. The routine, they say, will be good for him. Sherlock retreats to his mind garden where it is easier not to care.
“Oh. That’s… shall I take a look?”
23.07.93   7:32
Sherlock huffed, seeming to war with relief and annoyance. “You’re
you want to do this?” Sherlock looked searchingly into John’s eyes and swallowed hard. “You could keep hiding in plain sight, live a normal life. I’m too wild, running is the only way I’ll survive. But you have a life here, a place, respect. Are you sure you want to throw that away?”
Sit.” Sherlock thumps the paperback onto John’s chest and whirls out. John laughs quietly to himself, thumbing open the book, but his mind can’t concentrate on the words.
As they pass by the cash machine kiosk, Sherlock slows their pace. John follows his gaze. The cane is still propped against the brick wall by the machine.
“This is Crib Goch, the Red Ridge,” Sherlock begins to lecture rapidly with nerves. Perhaps he’s misread John’s reaction. “It’s the most perilous of the approaches to Mount Snowdon. 5 kilometers of knife-edge scrambling at over 900 meters. Utterly exhilarating and not for the faint of heart. People topple off it from time to time – usually not if you’re prepared or fit – but wear the wrong sort of shoe, get dizzy with heat stroke, off you go. Mountain Rescue has their work cut out for them. Course, not all of them die, but clearly, some do.”
Despite the searing pain in his right arm, Sherlock is pleased to notice how John the Retired Army Doctor’s entire demeanor changes as he medically appraises Sherlock
“Maybe so, but if we’re going to be attempting to pass as normal mages, I need to know that you can blend in.”
“You mean… sleeping next to someone? Or, other bedroom… activities?”
“But this is our home.”
John huffed.
Sherlock had drifted off, but startled awake as John crouched near, watching him dip a fingertip into the flask to send a quick pulse into the water. He nudged it toward Sherlock.
John hears a meaty thud, a groan, and the telltale sound of a body collapsing onto the floor.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yea well, I’d had, um, something on my mind. To say to you that day. Begged off work. Rode the tube round for ages just trying to get up the nerve.”
Mary furrows her brow with irritation, then, her gun still aimed at them, she pulls a strange weapon from her belt. It looks less like a gun and more like something children would use to squirt water at each other over long distances. In the brief moment of John’s confusion, there is a flash, something sharp against his skin. He turns ever so slightly to clasp his neck where the skin stings. It’s all she needs.
“Fine, alright,” John relented, deflating with a sigh. “Mrs. Hudson told me that before Toria’s reign, the royalty had a sort of deal with a Faerie called Our Lady.
“Why on earth would we?” Sherlock frowns.
he says distractedly. “They were all…”
They walk silently into the manor, Sherrin dropping his bag by the umbrella stand and kicking off his shoes wearily. Sherlock follows him to the kitchen and automatically begins helping him assemble the ingredients for chicken curry, his brother’s specialty.
“But – I wasn’t captive.”
” John huffed.
His magic hadn’t even bloomed yet – for all they knew he’d been a mundane.
He is immediately overwhelmed by a nauseating wave of vertigo, blackness pooling into his vision. His legs buckle beneath him. He’s tumbling heavily to the floor, half-collapsing onto Sherlock.
of evil out there to set to rights. But not
The troll’s thoughts were deep, slow reverberations that echoed in his mind with a pleasing susurrus like the sea.
while you were gone. The most important of your life.” He pauses for a long, tense moment. “I’m not angry, Sherlock. You had no bloody choice, and frankly I think they chose well. I just…” He lets out a huge breath and leans back in his chair, resigned. “I just wish I could have been doing it with you.”
With the strength of John’s arm around his shoulders, Sherlock was able to shuffle down the hall, an enormous improvement since he’d woken. John helped him into the loo and closed the door between them.
“Well, she’s very unhappy to be left out of the fray,” Sherlock reasons, “but she’s falling in love, so it’s worth the sacrifice in the end. I can commiserate.” He kisses the top of John’s head.
Deception and doubt had been how he survived.
, are those
“I just might fatten you up yet,” he smirks as they step into the narrow, dimly-lit restaurant. Sherlock smirks back, feeling amazing, feeling incredible, to be walking into an Italian restaurant with John,
of lesser repute. Assassinations, alliances to elevate despots. It is the most elaborate, three-dimensional chess game you can imagine.”
Lestrade nodded, bristling quietly that his team had not been included in this development. “He enslaved the escapee.”
“I’ve got one!” Lissa squealed, holding up the frog triumphantly, knee-deep in the pond. “Dada, look how big she is!”
Sherlock admits it is not the best time to question John’s sexuality while he ruts into his hand and pants against his mouth.
Is that what this is?” He didn’t like the way John was fretting, looking small and lost. He
He has no idea what to do now. It’s still his house. Does he offer them anything?
Sherrin whispers almost inaudibly into Sherlock’s ear.
He turns away from John, arms crossed tightly, hands white-knuckled.
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: 60!
“Really are a marvel, sir.”
John reaches back into his first aid kit and takes out a thin packet that, as he twists it, begins to rapidly cool. “Hold this to your face where it’s swelling.” John takes in the shaken boyfriend. “I’m sorry, we’ve not met – I’m Dr. John Watson.”
“Yes, that’s it. You’re a quick study.”
19.07.93   4:22
John pinches an exposed cheek as Sherlock passes, earning him a quick kiss, but Sherlock whirls out of reach, his yellow apron spinning with him. John is given a healthy glimpse of what lies beneath as Sherlock shoves the centrifuge into the oven and pops slices of bread into the toaster. The kettle begins to whistle and he spins back, clearly showing off his dancer’s reflexes. It makes John grin despite the seriousness of what he needs to discuss.
wanted to cross over. But I didn’t really think you could do it.” He gave Sherlock a placating little smile.“Twenty of The Queen’s best mages working together during the Battle of the Breach could barely manage it, and have never done so since.” He stuffed his too-large hands into his pockets. “Your magic is the most amazing I’ve ever encountered. I left because I
comes from the religious symbol of a heart surrounded with flames. In this story,
“Wouldn’t they? Your delightful new board is so benevolent. I am sure they would look very kindly on my information. Clever Rosamund, stopping you from committing one of the greatest acts of terror our century has known. Magnusson and I have gobs and gobs of proof. They will embrace me with open arms.”
The panther padded through Mrs. Hudson’s half-open doorway, but John hesitated at the threshold. “Um, Mrs. Hudson?” He called gently. “Your panther found me. Are you quite well?”
“Alright, be brilliant, Sherlock. But hurry it up.”
But he’s still too far away. He can only reach his shoulders, run his hands through his sweaty hair. Likely driven by the enormous cascade of oxytocin, Sherlock suddenly has the ridiculous, romantic whimsy that, as it’s their first time, they should be
I’m no meta-writer, lit major or johnlock connoisseur, but I had some fun weaving in a few fandom easter eggs, mirrors (cof cof Sherrin + John), symbols, and factoids. Here’s a handful I was able to find:
John’s eyes drifted over the flat, as different from the barracks as two places could be. The walls were softened by flocked, floral wallpaper the color of red wine. Shelves and cabinets sagged beneath hundreds of books and artifacts.
....if I could have one fan wish, it would be that someone felt inspired to draw the scene on the couch when their foreheads are pressed together, right after Sherlock is told he deserves love.
“Ahm. That is to say. I shouldn’t assume. That you’d want us around for so long–”
In that instant, Melissa begins to cry, a plaintive keening over the monitor. The pressure of the gun against his head softens as Rosamund hears the cries of her baby.
He wonders when this will ease, the panicky feeling always lurking behind the sweetness of their days, the fear that safe things are not as they seem, that Rosamund is conspiring against their happiness.
“What do you want?” he seethes.
“Wait,” Kinsey turned to whisper as John frog-marched him forward. “I
tree-feller to the most precise
Sherlock pulls his wallet out and gives the delivery boy another 50 pounds. Chen backs away shaking his head.
in the dream,” John hemmed, wanting very much to change the subject, “you were saying the Faerie wouldn’t help you–”
You leak insipid worries like a punctured zeppelin!”
They’re well into the seventeenth round. John is starting to fall asleep sitting up. He stretches, his legs propped up on the bed, shoes off, Sherlock rubbing them absently where he lies sprawled on the mattress upside down, his own sock feet resting on the wall. Their questions hardly make sense anymore; twice the tension has dissolved into exhausted, hysterical laughter, especially when Sherlock tried having him guess
“It’s Morpheus! He’s lost his memory of the new maze!”
“You got shot.”
Throat too tight to respond, Sherlock returns his deep stare and nods.
He’s been at it for days. Now, all he has to do is brush his fingers over the prickly foliage of the leaping stag and Sherrin’s warm grin comes back to him, eyes sparkling with mischief and some brilliant, idiotic plan. The tortoise holds his dark moods, the storms Sherlock knows he could have tempered if he’d only been given full access to his brother’s brain.
“Water,” he gasps. Sherlock rushes to bring him a glass from the bathroom and watches as he gulps it down. Sucking in air and wiping his mouth, Sherrinford finally meets his eyes.
He and Sherlock walk slowly down the sidewalk through the dark, away from John’s old home, toward a sleek car waiting two houses away to spirit them back to 221B. Their security detail is significantly lighter, but Mycroft isn’t quite ready to set them loose in the underground.
“Oh, you’ve been reading my website! I’m touched!”
At the funeral, Sherlock thought he’d glimpsed the assassin among the throng of black-clad Holmses and Sherrin’s mob of friends. But Gran had needed a lot of his attention, and when he’d looked back, the familiar flash of blonde hair was nowhere to be seen.
he cries, the single shout bouncing around the walls of the mossy well just as the rising water surges higher, covering his mouth and nose with a garbled choke. He thrashes, his whole head under water, his breath tight in his chest.
“Read the last part again,” Sherlock says sleepily. “Please.” He curls against John’s side.
John has a pained expression, his eyes darting back and forth between Sherlock’s, reading… what? Is he about to tell him how Sherlock selfishly jeopardized his well-being? That he overstepped every boundary? That he has no memory of his confession? Sherlock can feel his heart beating in his throat, sees John’s pulse in his neck. Is this a new side-effect of the drug? Should he take his blood pressure?
“It does indeed, young man." Her smile crinkled around her grey eyes. “I’ve not met a halfblood ability quite like yours before, and I have seen countless variables over the years.”
“So, I’ve got good news and bad news,” Sherrinford announces as he strides into Sherlock’s bedroom-lab. He’s still wearing his tie, the pressed dress shirt rumpled from the train, messenger bag slung across his chest. Sherrin’s favorite rat, Morpheus, is conked out in a carrier-cage from the morning’s demonstration, twitching with bad dreams.
Lestrade puts a sympathetic hand on his shoulder. John doesn’t shrug it off.
“Was Rosamund working for someone?”
Sherlock whirls, itching for another, but of course, they’re already done. John is crouching next to Chen and his boyfriend, soothing them, but catches his eye. They grin at each other like Cheshire cats.
“What happened to her?” He feels himself bracing. Cancer. Stroke. Heart attack.
“Mycroft?” Sherrin wrinkles his nose, shaking his head a little too roughly. “No,
“Don’t, everyone does.”
“What?” Sherlock cries. He’s nearly shaking with the adrenaline coursing through his system, the victory crackling his synapses. “I couldn’t possibly sleep right now.”
A muted bellow of a fog horn sounded and he felt a shiver through the room’s stone walls, as if a push-line train had just passed far above. The pieces clicked in his mind. They must be
“John, the signs were rather obvious. Even Mrs. Hudson would have noticed.”
“Oh, I couldn’t possibly, Mr. Holmes, sir.”
“You don’t,” she says breezily. “But it’s more to our advantage to earn your trust. I’d like to think we just got off on the wrong foot.”
dinner? This was for
if some halfbloods were caught.”
not,” she snapped. “I expected
John hesitated. Like any magical practitioner, touch was not taken lightly. A mage’s hand was a delicate instrument, one that could alter matter and pry deeply with the slightest touch.
“Come on, Sherlock, honestly, how many photos do we have together?”
morning. Some of us are trying to learn Cszech in our sleep.”
“But give you enough funding and time, I bet you could make it almost foolproof, I bet even–”
Mycroft looks uncomfortable.
"Dr. John Watson, meet Sergeant Sally Donvan.”
“Jus’ come back to bed. We’ll make do without.” His eyelids are elephants, which makes absolutely no sense because an eyelid could never be a pachyderm.
pay attention,” Mrs. Hudson quipped with undisguised annoyance.
“Can’t afford a slip up here,” John says grimly.
“Did she teach you the
“This ends,” John whispers tensely to himself, and Sherlock knows he is not referring, for once, to his haphazard combination of housekeeping and lab work. “You don’t get to hurt us anymore.”
. I tested Pearl and Simon today. Pearl lost her memory after six hours, Simon never did, likely won’t. It’s too early to think we’re really on to something.”
As if Sherlock is reading his thoughts, he mutters close to his ear,
When John finally speaks, his voice is surprisingly rough with emotion.
story. For the child to read later, when it’s much older…”
“If you will recall, she was particularly dismayed Brooks selected
He obediently eased his grip on Sherlock’s torso, but could not make himself remove his hands entirely, no matter how clever the magic.
The man laughs. And not at him. He extends his hand. “John. Dr. John Watson. Of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers.
“Guess we won’t invite her round for Christmas.” The well bounces his dry, mirthless laugh back to him. It’s a little like laughing with someone else.
How did your presentation go? Free yet?
Kinsey crossed his arms and arched an eyebrow at him. “They say
“Text him back. I’ll cook. Hang on,” his own phone is buzzing. John pauses mid-stride as he reads the message. “Oh. Oh my god.”
John’s breath puffs onto his cheek. His own lungs feel tight and frozen in his chest. But John just keeps breathing, and gradually, with his warm, firm arms around him, with the sound of his breath, he breathes, too. His pulse slows.
Some of the 2017 readers had subscribed for future content, so it made sense to post new chapters to the existing A03 post. The story hasn't changed, but the much bigger Iron Collar needed a prologue! And the original ch1 grew into 2 chapters! But I couldn't find a way to move around chapters and keep their comments attached. Thanks for understanding! <3
“John, I’m going to climb out and make something to carry you out with. I won’t be long.”
part. Good work with Avery.”
“Our arms are tired,” Sherlock interrupted curtly.
she gasped around a huge yawn. “No more talking until I’ve had a proper nap.”
, this woman who had once seemed so charming, so intelligent, so funny, had looked at him and seen a person worth healing...
– in every shadow and hollow, but bright-eyed, glowing, all
“S’good to shiver,” he reasons. “Shivering is heat. Not shivering’s dead.”
Sherlock’s face crumples and he presses John’s hand to his forehead, breathing raggedly. “I heard you. But when I woke, when it looked like I’d pull through, you had forgotten everything that happened the night I was shot. Forgot who did it, forgot your bedside confession. And it was entirely my fault. Again.”
John blinks, still fuzzy with sleep, considering this.
from his folded shirts.
Sharp shadows moved abruptly as the woman scanned the woods with her light. The Netter brandished his long, crackling wand, glaring into the darkness. John realized with a chill that it was a sort of launching harpoon, quite useful for pulling down a flying halfblood.
“Where does the headache pain now sit on the standard pain scale?”
He’s so close to the opening that John could reach out and touch the topmost edge. His whole body aches for it. The bumps stop and the rope shakes a bit. Likely being tied off. Dangling and shivering, he’s suddenly very aware of the open air beneath him, the long fall into the freezing water below should he bungle getting out of the harness. A jolt of adrenaline shivers through him.
. We were very nearly about to neutralize his project when the most remarkable thing happened.”
“Alright you lot,” John says cheerfully as he strides into the sitting room, toweling off his hands. “Come eat while it’s hot.” He takes in Lestrade’s look of angry bewilderment. “Ah. I see you’ve filled him in. Ta. Makes dinner easier.”
“Did you mean it, what you said?”
John could hear the crazed snap of the Scutter’s Dome behind them. Sherlock stared at him imploringly, trusting him. John gritted his teeth, holding Sherlock’s eyes in the last moments of their freedom. He was going to fail him
Sherlock sways as if by the force of John’s words.
The coming-home kisses. In all his years away, aching for him, Sherlock had not factored in the sweetness and relief of these kisses. He stops the charade and fills his hands with John, pulling him down with a creak of couch springs.
A complicated expression crossed Sherlock’s face, resolving in a pained scowl. “No, that was not an option. Halfbloods are not welcome there.”
“Mr. Holmes, sir,” Chen says through the window of the dusty, sky-blue Mini, “my sister says you must come by for tea. You
“Bloody hell, Billy, you’re right. So, blokes then, is it?”
While the surgeon spoke, he’d led Lestrade down to the crumbling catacombs beneath the Laboratory, a stark contrast to the polished marble and aluminum of the labs above. They had walked along rows of stone shelving rivaling the Royal Library, filled with gruesome half-human, half-clockwork
“Parents who are devoted to one another. Who love one another fiercely. Who have been through enough pain and turmoil to know what matters most. Who have an excellent comprehension of which poisonous plants to avoid tasting at the park and how to administer CPR and handle a fever. Parents who will provide an environment in which to learn multiple foreign languages, offer countless forms of STEM stimulation, and have excellent pirate-fort making skills.” John begins to chuckle through his tears against Sherlock’s shoulder. “John, this child would be
“Looked you up.
He listened carefully, but heard nothing unusual in the night sounds of the forest, certainly no rhythmic thud of coptor blades. Hobbling away, he kicked into the duff with his uninjured leg, scooping up branches and determined to keep his path straight and clear for a quick return.
, he could mend what was in disarray, and his training made him sensitive to imbalances in the human system, but he couldn’t inject new energy into a body. For that, Sherlock needed simple rest and time. John peered warily into the darkness. They didn’t
“Never one place for long. They don’t have a base, per se. Even at my initiation—”
Sherlock sags against the wall, looking lost out of John’s clinical embrace. “What are
“Harness,” Sherlock yelled and flung his arms off of John, who instinctively yelped and clung harder to his wild companion’s chest, then realized he hadn't dropped at all. He shot a furious scowl at Sherlock. The man grinned at him with narrowed eyes. “Didn’t drop you now, did I?”
“It’s several generations removed, rather faint, though it explains your ability with elemental magic.” Sherlock’s eyes sparkled with pleasure at his revelation. “Your family is to be commended for evading capture for so long.”
The low, modern granite building looks a bit like an oblong UFO perched on the edge of the mountain, hunched low as if trying to escape notice. Long, wide windows give a glimpse of a bustling crowd within, eating at tables and holding up smartphones to capture the view. Sherlock sneers, abruptly turns his back on it, and stalks up the long flinty stairs to the summit.
“Well, some babies are just sensitive at the start. You’ll all adjust. Could be worse places to feel at home.” Mrs. Hudson beams mistily at the sight of the baby, naked but for her diaper and the rainbow blanket on Sherlock’s chest. “Oh, but she’s an angel. And making one out of him, too, that’s no mistake.” She pats John’s foot. “I’ll bring up some shepherd’s pie later, maybe hold the baby for a bit if you both need a nap.”
“Do try to put her down at seven, but odds are extremely good she’ll just cry, so you might need to walk her or bounce her til she gives it up–”
John nods weakly while Sherlock climbs up and away.
“Nope, this one’s mundane. It’s to keep you warm. Temperature’s dropping fast. We could be out here for hours, can’t have my zeppelin dying of exposure.” When he was done, the sun had fully set. Dusk was transforming the shadowy trees and ferns into imaginary threats. If they were indeed being pursued, they had little cover and no means of escape. His insides writhed with anxiety and he reinforced his mental wall for Sherlock’s sake.
As the bag of saline empties into John’s body, Sherlock starts to talk. He tells him about old cases, about the 200 different kinds of ash and ways to discern them from one another, just to annoy him. He rambles about his childhood, his time at the university, a trip he took to Morocco, a dog he once loved.
“John!” Sherlock storms out of the bathroom, forgetting his plan to hide. “You’re a wonderful father. You’re affectionate and present. You’re the only one who can make her do that laugh that sounds like a goose, and you know all her favorite songs. You can get her to sleep properly – I’m sure I’m just instilling bad habits.”
“Knew you could do it,” he rumbled weakly.
“John, there was no well.”
“I have a disproportionate number of dreams about the circus and of falling off of bridges,” she’d explained, “and absolutely no idea why.” Her face would crease into a thousand wrinkles when she smiled, her gray eyes sparkling between the folds.
Was he a disposable scientist for the magpies? Or their executioner? Maybe both?
: Morning, John. How is it you have my number? I always order online and pay with cash.
“Could be exciting, though," John continues. "Never taken on three hate-mongering arseholes half my age.”
Curiosity flared from John like a wave of the aurora. “Did you? What was it about?”
For all he knows, the pregnancy has been terminated, but somehow, he thinks not. Mary–Rosamund– was fiercely possessive. She would not part from this child lightly. And while John does not doubt she was quite capable of conceiving a child with another man, something in his gut repeats over and over,
At that moment the server swoops in, clears their plates, the two empty wine bottles, and leaves behind a single slice of tiramisu and two glasses of champagne.
John missed her immediately.
With Victor, he’d had what he’d imagined most children considered a
Sherlock pushes the nagging fear back down into the catacombs.
“Sherlock, he’s our
“Why do you
Pushing the IV stand off to the side, Sherlock’s mobile pings an alarm again. He sighs.
John immediately comes to life. He pulls him into the water, dressing gown and all, hot water sluicing over the sides, Sherlock protesting through his shocked laugh as he flops into his lap.
John gives him a baffled smile and kisses him lightly on the temple. Returning Lestrade’s smirk, he stage-whispers, “That’s why I cooked the tea. Come on then. Tuck in.”
“It’s alright, Molly, he meant for you to keep it,” Sherlock says absently. “He knew you had no other, had not driven yourself here, and would be drenched by the time you reached the tube.” His eyes follow the car as it rounds the corner. “Even the worst of us are sometimes stricken with moments of chivalry.”
“You never saw one before? These murals were painted on buildings all over Britain after the Red Fever. They were supposed to bolster the, you know,
?” John reached out toward the collar, but didn’t touch it. Even human mages avoided the magically-dampening effects of iron. He shivered at the thought of it against his own throat.
Stepping closer, Sherlock feels Mycroft go rigid as he wraps him into a tight embrace. Still several inches shorter than his older brother, he presses his face into his damp shirt.
“Now, as I was saying. No two methods will be identical. The glamor relies on your unique magical acumen – a combination of the wild magic from your Faerie ancestors and the singular skill you inherited from your human brethren. You first need to….”
“We don’t know if it’s
Happy spring! Love is in the air...
He tiptoes up the stairs to the flat, sidestepping the two that creak, and silently opens the door, bracing himself for… what? A murder scene? A kidnapping? Sudden untimely death? The flat is in the same state of disarray as when he left two days ago. No infant crying, which is in itself suspicious. Melissa has been inconsolable for days – even his inexplicable ‘baby magic’ had not been helping their child. Colic, the new pediatrician had said, and asked if they’d heard of the 5 Ss, which of course Sherlock had. She’d even praised them for pursuing the milk bank. Sherlock had liked her immediately.
“They have a need for unique minds, which I will elaborate on momentarily. Your work caught their eye.”
In an hour or two, John knew the quiet streets would bustle with activity and noise, push-carts giving off the aroma of sweet nuts and savory meat, hawkers selling flowers and trinkets. He wondered, idly, if the bookshop he’d frequented years ago was still in business.
“Mrs. Hudson, perhaps you will excuse myself and John. There are some rather urgent matters we must discuss that require a degree of privacy.”
“Jesus, I reckon so,” John breathes, eyes popping at the screen. Sherlock’s worry solidifies. It never occurred to him that his fellow adrenaline-junkie may actually have a fear of
“Oh!” John sniffed the tea curiously. “My thanks – you do always seem five steps ahead of us.”
“It’s the other way around, I’m nearly certain of it. But,” Sherlock suddenly snaps the laptop closed as the drone makes a dizzying 360° circuit of the climb to the Pinnacles. “I will gladly open myself to other options once we are out on the ridge tomorrow.”
“Read me the end again.”
“Thanks, Mrs. Hudson. Sorry for the bother. More baby things. It’s uncanny how much stuff you can be tricked into thinking you need to keep one small person clean and fed.”
Pressing the pads of his fingers to Sherlock’s temple, John frowned as he read the man’s vitals. The trek across the city had all but exhausted the little energy Sherlock had regained, allowing the sickness to spread rapidly. He rolled up his sleeves and began to quickly unbutton Sherlock’s shirtfront.
Sherlock eyes his brother critically as they run out into the foggy morning. He can detect no signs of confusion, nothing erratic. They fling themselves into Sherrin’s grubby blue Fiat and speed off, raising a plume of dust on the quiet, tree-lined dirt road.
I’m John. This is my…
“I saw it from below on our walk out!” John gasps. “I don’t remember seeing it on the ridge, though–”
Mycroft’s face contorts into a baffled sort of grimace.
John kept grinning at him.
“What I said, at your bedside,” John shivers, but pushes past it. “It’s the same. For you.”
“But see, that’s the fun. Dinner out is like a game. Shaking up a bottle of seltzer, but you can’t take off the cap til you’re safely behind closed doors again.”
No. Not darkness.
“You’re brilliant, Billy, but you’re grieving, and that’s a dangerous place for an inventor. Don’t let your emotions cloud your judgement.” He slides the raw chicken into the hot spiced oil in the pan. The sizzling and hissing makes it impossible to talk until Sherrin dumps in a can of coconut milk and caps it with a lid.
“Not since breakfast,” Sherlock mutters. “Thanks, by the way.”
“Oh – of course, I’m so sorry to have delayed you,” John said quickly, feeling abashed. “Please, can I help you downstairs?”
Sherlock hesitantly takes it. It’s firm, warm. A surgeon’s hand, he was right. “Did I get anything wrong?” he asks hesitantly.
Sherlock tenses around him.
John had gone along with it, caught up in the current of Sherlock’s excitement. It had been several weeks since they’d had a good case, but he didn’t get a lot of details from Sherlock on the drive - John had fallen asleep slumped against the passenger window barely after they’d gotten onto the M1. Sherlock’s hand rested lightly on his knee.
sunk its claws into his thoughts.
“In what… capacity?” John breathes.
They towel off together off in the small bathroom, stomachs growling audibly. Sherlock's mind drifts to the tea and sweet pastry.
“You, all three of you, out of here this
“How could you
“Nice of you to notice. Been some trouble, that. I blocked the pipe. Slowed it down.”
, says his inner Sherlock. John’s face is tipped up to gasp at his last inch of air, his ears full of the dark rubbery sounds of water, but as he slides below again he thinks he sees movement in the gloom above. He struggles to kick back up when something heavy splashes next to him.
John can’t trust his voice so he just nods curtly. Sherlock flashes him a sudden, unexpected smile and pulls himself up the rope in a strong, lithe movement, water sluicing off of him. Like a selky, John thinks, then frowns. One who suddenly knows first-responder hypothermia measures. Was the knowledge squirreled away in some closet of his mind palace all this time?
“The Order of Chaeronea?” >
“You’re not living at home anymore, then. Your father…”
“–he was
you have been a busy one, haven’t you? Cleaning up all of Jimmy’s little messes. I told him he was going too far, but he didn’t like listening to me. But no matter. I have been patient, I’ve woven my web, and now I have you.”
John asked.
“I assure you I cannot explain why a ripe passion fruit is currently on the bookshelf, sitting on your scarf.”
“You won’t recall the first time. It was just a normal morning the autumn after I… died. You were taking the tube to work and there was a delay. To you, it was just some minor annoyance, made you late. John, we almost didn’t stop the sniper set for you when you would have left the tube car.”
and that is not something I would have done before I met you. Sherlock Holmes was not interested in self-preservation.
“And this League has been watching
His attention is caught by a disturbance in the back garden.
he muses, but wonders sleepily if it would feel different if they’d had ages and ages of time, just the two of them, before becoming parents.
“I was thinking of Melissa,” Sherlock muses. “From the Greek μέλισσα for honey bee. Melissa was a nymph who learned the trick of getting honey from bees. She took care of baby Zeus, but rather than feeding the baby milk, Melissa fed him honey straight from the bees.”
Early morning light filled the small cottage bedroom, bringing out details John hadn’t noticed the night before. He rolled onto his back to take it all in - dusty, old-fashioned snowshoes hanging from a peg on plank walls; a shelf of books - a ragtag selection of Bronte novels smashed against a lone Hardy Boys paperback; heavy, military-issue binoculars conveniently placed on the windowsill on top of a glossy, much-thumbed guide to birds.
“Coast is clear on the decking,” he said with a nod.
The roar of the long, spinning blades lifting the mechanism made it impossible to speak. Tallack had closed both human and metal eyes, going into a ‘meditative stasis.’
Sherlock caught his eye. “It claimed my grandmother.”
,” Sherlock said sharply.
Steamy steam steam ahead!
This story of the British Black bee that was nearly obliterated by the Spanish flu in 1919, but rediscovered ~100 years later in an old church, is entirely true, as were the other bee facts, brain science, London geography, and baby development I wove in. Thanks again, internet!
Minutes slide by in silence and as weariness slips over him, John marvels at the simplest things: fresh wind pushing at his face; the sound of trees rustling all around them; the sensation of Sherlock’s breath against his neck. He shivers and shivers.
Not maiden young, but perhaps fifty instead of the seventy or more she’d seemed when they’d limped onto her doorstep that morning.
Balanced in the old apple tree, Johnny stared out over the long stretch of pasture he could see from his awkward perch. He wasn’t ready to go back to the farm. The evidence of the fight on his face would send his mum into conniptions.
No, he thinks, as he submerges, bobs, treads, gasps, submerges. It’s better this way, better to die his friend than to leave him with the burden of his love.
compared to this organization. The Magpies work for them, as do hundreds of other individuals and agencies, some less savory than others. Their network is vast. Look into any major turning point in history, British or otherwise, and you will likely find this group’s fingerprints.”
is forfeit.”
“If you’re feeling up to it tomorrow, Mrs. Hudson wants us to join her there, so we can start learning to create our own glamors.” John’s words tumbled out, the storm just visible to Sherlock beneath his too-bright demeanor. “There’s no rush. We can stay here as long as we need, while you heal. And then, well, we can talk about what’s next – what
“Oh, come now, why the surprise?” Sherlock drawls. “By your estimation, I simply fought in the same battles as you, but you never
At the end of the blue-clad parade, a nurse finally wheels in what looks like a filing cabinet with a clear, low-walled tank on top. Within the padded tank is a small, tightly swaddled being. John’s head goes very light and the ground feels like it’s lost its gravitational bearing on his body. It is Sherlock’s turn to ground him, wrapping his arm tightly about his waist.
“And then,” John looks up roguishly at Sherlock from behind his hard cock, whispering his fingers through the dense crop of curly hair. “And then…” He traces a finger along the base, evoking shuddering sighs. “And then... I told you I loved you. And I kissed you. And then I did something like
“Well, think you can crack it, Billy?”
to be precise.”
“John… as I said, I have had an inordinate amount of time of late to think. I have been thinking a great deal about the
“Sorry, sorry.
Once approved for entry, he had met his guide – a lean, grim surgeon in a long black work coat. Lestrade had tried not to stare at the four fingers of the man’s right hand which had been replaced by intricate silver instruments necessary for his work. Like all of the scientists Lestrade saw that day, the man was clad simply in black, but his senior status – a golden gear hung from a purple ribbon – shone on his chest.
“It’s the best chance we have.”
“We turn her in, that’d be a gold crown for each of us,” Orvis chuckled darkly.
“I very much doubt that. I'm glad you came.”
Sherlock feels where he would usually rattle his armor, brush aside John’s help. But it doesn’t come. He lets John hoist him to his feet. He’s a little wobbly, but not faint.
The baby is stretched onto his lap facing him, his large hands cupping her tiny head, rocking her with a steady rhythm. From his angle, John can see her gazing up at him with that disarming, sea-blue, thousand-year look they’ve glimpsed a few times since arriving home. John slumps against the doorframe, listening.
“He would have liked you very much,” Sherlock smiles, realizing the truth in it as he says it. “A certain lust for danger and disregard for the rules.” He smirks. “We might have even competed for your attention.”
“We’re in
Mary. Cold, sociopathic Sherlock pushing him away. Nothing was as it seemed.
the city, if you didn’t know – but it isn’t safe for you to travel there today, not until the Netter watch is lessened and you can cast a proper glamor.” She nodded toward the teacup in his hands. “The tea I’ve brewed has a few extra ingredients which may ease the ache.”
John clings to his shirt-sling and watches with quiet admiration as Sherlock loosens a slip knot and unfurls the ropes, knotted and crossed to create a kind of harness. He deftly guides John into it, treading and dunking to get the right ropes under and around his legs, chest and arms.
And then he felt…
the minority, but they exist, thankfully.” She gave John a little nudge and nodded toward the bush.
“Well done, John.”
“But how–”
John grinned, his nerves singing. It should have felt like the worst invasion of his privacy, but it was too marvelous. He’d read about the Faerie power to read minds! The astonishingly precise ‘medium’ act suddenly made sense – even the best human
The boys’ catcalls had gone silent as they closed in on their quarry. Johnny’s steps suddenly became syrupy and slow. Orvis Clay’s
Gradually, the wave passes. Sniffing hard, feeling wrung out and embarrassed, he surreptitiously tugs up his shirt to wipe his face before daring to face John. Suddenly his mortification softens.
“Come here,” John is suddenly close, whispering into his ear, sending little bolts of electricity along his neck. Sherlock does. John presses him against the wall next to the coats, kissing him deeply.
“He had a trigger, Sherlock, in his brain. They put it there, while he was in the coma.” Sherlock squints at him, incredulous. “It’s not new technology, but they have developed a manner of inserting it without incision and activating it remotely from great distances. You don’t think the Magpie collective fires its researchers without including a few safeguards, do you?”
He knelt and set to work shredding strips of bark into a tinder pile a safe distance from Sherlock’s cocoon of leaves.
They left London Bridge behind, following the bounding blaze of the fire cat into a warren of twisting streets. Sparks paused to sniff overflowing dustbins, swirled up lamp-posts, and leaped between awnings. Sleeping tenements and silent shops crowded closely on either side, rising up several stories and casting the narrow street in shadow.
: There was nothing for them to do. They changed the dressing. Said it was expertly done.
“Did I? I was simply brainstorming the most accurate, socially acceptable label for our relationship status, one that implies the greatest level of commitment.” Sherlock frowns. “But it does come with a lot of trappings.” He pulls a face. “Serviettes. Color-coordinated frocks.
“Good, John. It’s coming back to you.”
Sherlock’s wild-maned head suddenly popped through the laurel leaves, looking pale and worried in the fading light, a smudge of blood on his cheek. “John – I’m so sorry –”
“What do you mean?” John asked weakly. “What could be safer than the inside of a bridge?”
Sherlock’s low laugh rumbles deep in his chest as he squeezes next to him in the tub, folding his legs under John’s knees and settling his head on John’s chest above the water line with a contented hum.
“That raid was confidential.”
“Precisely. Well done.”
I can thank your mad science for
Atop the rubble of the summit, the ancient giant’s tomb, they spend several minutes admiring the hulking blue-green peaks and sparkling lakes below.
Sleeping?
Sherlock realized, its fur made of softly flickering flames, its eyes glowing orange. It rubbed affectionately against the troll’s cheek, but left no singe.
“I can’t sleep. Play a game with me.”
Despite the many mysteries weighing heavily between them, breakfast with a troll was clearly going to take priority.
Sherlock steadied his daughter’s shoulder, the frog seeming resigned to its captivity, and plunged a hand into the cold water to fish around for her little green boot. He located a pull-ring and with a satisfying slurch, freed each boot. Lissa giggled.
With predatory speed, the Sergeant was on John, pinning his hands into a tight hold behind his back. John winced, but stayed quiet. The weight of a cold iron circlet – likely levitated by her
“It’s okay, John. I’m coming back.” He replaces the bag quickly – John is already starting to stir again – and curls back up with him on the warm spot on the blankets, this time less anxiously. Sherlock settles his chin above John’s head and, while rummaging in his mind palace through his old brain chemistry experiments, immediately dozes off.
Expected. Sherlock follows it with,
Subject: Re: Re: Re: Re: 60!
“Still can’t
Sherlock blinked at the praise, then took John’s cue to mollify their host. “I’m sure you’ve been very thorough, Mrs. Hudson, but my abilities might be useful in preventing the next murder.”
Sprawled in the sun, the panther turned to regard John.
“I motivate quickly. I had a sudden need to get to the shops–”
“I want to reverse it,” he says quietly into the silence. “I’ve been doing some research. It’s risky, but part of what we learned with TD-12 might actually apply to it.”
Sherlock’s glamor looked suddenly anxious. “I…
. You’ve already proven you have magical depths well beyond the constraints of a typical human healer, or I’d still be a prisoner in the circus.”
“Oh Sherlock, but don’t you see?” She tweaks his bleeding nose. “I
“–should have phoned me the
John stares into empty space, eyes darting rapidly as he searches desperately for something in his memory, but a dense fog has filled his mind obscuring every landmark. He squeezes his eyes shut and bends almost double in the chair, fingers raking his hair as if he could pry the thoughts out of his skull. He groans, long and pained. Lestrade watches, eyes wrinkling with concern.
“Sherlock.” His confusion simmers into a suspicious smile and he crosses his arms with a hint of the old playfulness Sherlock has ached for. “Where are we going this weekend?”
If you'd like to see what's got John in a sweat, check out the video Sherlock could have showed him:
They sit in silence and John begins to nod off when he feels damp warmth on his neck. He thinks about this for a long, fuzzy moment then realizes with a sharp breath that Sherlock is
He wonders, for perhaps the thousandth time, at this utterly vulnerable version of John before him who would loathe to be the subject of such care, could barely stand it when Sherlock brought him mint tea for his colds. John would just as soon solve this problem with a hare-brained sprint across London, gun tucked out of sight.
As if on cue, a nurse slips back in with a small bottle and sidles up to the family pile. “We’ve expressed the colostrum – would you like me to show you how to feed her?”
“You’ve already given up on her. Because caring is inconvenient for you. Too
“Yes, colloquially. But it comes from the phenomena of a man producing milk for an infant when no mother is present. This
A bright light flashed from between his fingers. As he spread his hands, a creature made entirely of flame leapt up into the air and landed neatly on William’s shoulder – a
“Mm. Ta,” he croaks. “Where…” He squints into the brightness and sucks in his breath.
“Good. Make a special shrine in your mind palace and carve these words in the plinth. Are you ready?”
~ o ~
Sherlock scrubs his face while he paces.
“Shot? Jesus, Greg, who?” John shakily releases the bedclothes and folds his arms tightly to control the tremor in his hand. Lestrade considers him, confused.
“They’re certainly easier to understand than the older models,” Sherlock muses, watching as the little girl somehow scoops up the pigeon and sits with it in the fountain with a splash. “I’m frankly terrified, John.”
“Drugged. Seriously?”
Instead of a cramped city garden, John looked out on a
“Oh. Case? You’re some kind of… police detective or something?”
Sherlock’s muscles burn pleasantly – they’ve really sat around the flat far too much of late – and his thoughts start to drift. The walk has woken the old rambler in him and he muses about acquiring one of those backpack contraptions for lugging babies about; weekend walks as a sort of…
“Honestly, John, this is tedious.”
“No I didn’t, I–”
In the pool of lamplight, John’s face twists in sorrow. Tears stream silently from his eyes. He’s muttering, until Sherlock clearly makes out the words,
The door opens and Molly steps out into the rain, a vividly striped scarf wrapped around her neck against the chill. She stops abruptly as she notices the two men.
“I…” Sherlock suddenly seemed much younger, shy even. His jumping knee stilled. “I can fly, with a great expense of energy.”
“I thought we should fit a few in before we begin a life of parenthood.”
“They killed him, Sherlock, before he could expose them. But they would like very much for
Twice he’s nudged the knots of his shirt-sling up the rope. Sherlock’s been gone much too long and his imagination is frantic, delerious: he’s been captured and needs John to rescue him; he’s secretly joined forces with Moriarty and they’re watching his demise on camera; The Woman has him at gunpoint. John shakes himself, muttering, “Stop it,
After the
Sherlock gives John a slow, respectful nod as he joins him. “Well done, doctor,” he says quietly.
Sherlock nods, as if recording this information on a chart in his mind palace lab.
“Why not?” John frowns.
“Fine, keep your secrets. But mark my words, Billy,” Sherrinford points at him with a half-eaten scone as he plops into his seat across from him at the workbench.
“Clearly she hasn’t had her herbal soother today,” Sherlock muses, then winces. “You did tell her about the
“Breathe,” John commands. “You look me in the eye, Sherlock, and you suck in a big gush of oxygen or your magnificent brain is going to overheat. That’s certainly not the state I need you in, tonight of all nights. Now.
Mary… though his chest aches with conflicted feelings he’s not quite brave enough to face yet.
“­–is with Mrs. Hudson for the weekend.” Sherlock launches back into action, stuffing a tube of sunblock and an unfamiliar camera bag into a duffel. “There’s time before our train for you to go and play with her a bit before we go. I still have some things to pack.”
He tentatively hugs back and matches his breath to John’s self-soothing pattern.
But why has he gone so deep? He responded normally before. Have they tampered with the formula?
The aromas of buttery garlic bread and oregano hit them before they’ve even reached Angelo’s door. Sherlock’s stomach growls and John gives him a playful squeeze.
remember,” John wheedled with a grin.
“Does this complicate things?”
Another thump, louder, as if a kick has been aimed at the wall of his old bedroom.
He coughed again, a deep wracking effort that made him dizzy. Spots crept around his vision and his stomach lurched as the power of flight suddenly abandoned his body and the treetops rushed toward him.
. “This the place, then?”
“John, the proximity to this much of your skin is going to render sleep impossible,” he says, stepping close to kiss his temple.
While everything is significantly simpler without the young Watson around – no sudden fits of inexplicable crying, no nappies, no slimy teething toys tossed into his face – he finds he misses her terribly. He’s looking forward to scooping her up off Mrs. Hudson’s floor, kissing her chubby cheeks and hearing her cackle.
“Oh, certainly you remember that you
John smiled ruefully. The leaf mound shifted and Sherlock’s long, pale hand reached out to press against the forest floor. John startled as a circular pulse of blue lightning crackled out from Sherlock’s palm, rising into a dome that shivered around them like a soap bubble.
The sun slid closer to the horizon and the golden zeppelin dimmed to inky black, the spell removed. Johnny realized the cold had sunk into his muscles. He shivered and tugged on the half-mended sweater, then swung down from the branches. Though he was reluctant to face his parents’ disappointment, the sun was setting and he’d be doubly in trouble if he didn’t make haste.
He gently rubbed Sherlock’s pale chest dry with a flannel, feeling his companion’s heart beating steadily through his fingertips. A tangled feeling hitched in John’s belly. He quickly tucked the afghan up to Sherlock’s chin.
Johnny scrabbled at the wet sod, but Orvis tensed his fingers and he lurched back into the air, dangling high above a gnarled apple tree.
“I should… um.” Sherlock holds up the candy bar. “For Mum. She asked me ages ago.” His dad claps him unexpectedly on the shoulder as he slouches past, giving him a squeeze. Sherlock glances up at his father.   More salt than pepper in his close-clipped curls, worry lines crinkling around his eyes, and yes, a hint of moisture at the lids.
“Honestly, John, I was glad of the conclusions he reached, or rather
“He’s out in the ambulance right now, love. Why don’t we wait and give him a full report when he comes home for tea.” He watches the storm clouds form in her eyes and smoothly crouches down by her side, their eyes level. “I know it’s difficult to keep good news inside, but it’ll be a
Halfway across the grounds, the logjam in his mind starts to loosen. The day is overcast and a moody wind tugs at his clothes and shaggy hair. The wind smells of petrichor and the possibility of lightning. He pushes on toward the edge of the woods when he hears someone calling his name.
How could simply meeting a powerful halfblood change the very nature of his stolid, normal magic? Even if he, John Watson, was a latent halfblood?
“Pidgey,
Sherlock nods, trying not to feel too hopeful that Sherrin’s recalled some of their old game, wondering if he’ll even remember this conversation in an hour.
Sherlock, now completely awake, watches Sherrin closely, his pulse pounding in his head.
, the summit is much quieter than he’d expected. There are several walkers outside taking in the view, but the usual throng lounging on the rocks, talking too loudly and leaving behind sweet wrappers has largely moved inside.
“There,” growled the Netter. John watched with horror as the Netter stopped, the gold and copper eye of his metallic, leonine face clacking open to focus clearly in his direction. The device in his hands began to glow and whine as he powered it up.
John scoffed. “There haven’t been Faerie in the Thames for an age.”
“Of course I can.”
John pads quietly back into their bedroom holding two steaming cups of tea, Sherlock’s trim laptop tucked under his arm. He sets down a mug on Sherlock’s bedside table, feeling slightly self-conscious. Sherlock sleeps, curled on his side.
“When you came in, and hit the light, that was good. Brilliant. It startled her – gave me a moment to–”
“How stable is it? We don’t want another
John felt as if he’d been struck like a gong. “Wait. That wouldn’t happen to be in Whinlatter Forest, by any chance?”
He pulled the torn sweater from its branch, settled into a crook of the trunk, and surveyed the damage. At least he could hide the worst of it. Johnny pinched together the ragged edges of a tear and pushed energy into his fingertips, knowing with a certainty just how the broken woolen fibers wanted to fit back together.
“My god,” he whispers. “She gave me so much hell about that, she was angry for days. Said I should quit messing around with you and your cases, I’d just end up making a fatherless child...”
“Newspapers don’t usually
They hear Rosie squeal off-screen and begin insistently repeating ‘oodle’ in her bright, chirping voice.
“Seems like an easy enough place to make a murder look like an accident.”
“Ah, headache, yes, that should last about twenty minutes. And you’ll be feeling intensely—”
Sherrin, who can deduce nearly as well as he can, runs his eyes over Sherlock, probing fiercely. He screws up his whole face, looking a bit like a toddler about to throw a tantrum.
“Well,” John croaked. “That’s – that’s some secret. Incredible. Yes.”
They will need to deal with the people in their lives who still think John is a happily married man with a baby on the way. He quickly steers him toward a shadowy alcove with plenty of privacy.
Sherlock bellows, face mashed into his pillow.
((I'm not crying. you're crying))
always wanted to go there. A most curious obsession for a human.”
“Please, John. Please come back.”
“Very good, Sir,” she said tensely. “But if I may say so, Sir, the moment the freak sees a coptor in pursuit, he’ll scuttle.”
“When you have a bit more strength I imagine a bath would be refreshing, but rest assured you’re quite… um. Clean.”
Pressed tightly to this wild man hurtling far above the heath, John’s awe recoiled.
“Yes, I recall her disappointment upon our arrival this morning. Lune and I discussed her prophecy while I slept.”
“Oh - OH!”
. I... it’s just.
Mycroft. We’re celebrating.”
time.
William smirked. “Mind you work on that
pulsing from him like a heartbeat. Sherlock’s thoughts quieted. The baffling equation of his emotions suddenly resolved in a pure and ridiculously simple solution.
“Jesus, look at your knees,” John scowls. Sherlock notes the blood with indifference.
element.” He frowned. “Sort of hard to describe that bit – kind of like a fire kindling inside me. Then I pictured a person in my mind with the feature I wanted to imitate, right down to the
give him an Expunge immediately.”
John murmurs against his chest.
“Sherlock,” John mollifies, “I won’t lie. I’ll miss it. But it’s a small price to pay. We’ve helped a lot of people. But it isn’t the only way to help them.”
Sherlock leans back against the cabin wall, weighing conflicting thoughts. The jaunt was meant to remind them of old times, be a lark, stitch them closer together. But John looks pale. “How-how’d you get the case, then? Someone you know?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, we found the pieces of an iron collar in the medium’s tent. Didn’t you?”
John had quit the surgery, much to Sara’s dismay. To Sherlock’s delight, John announces at dinner one night that he’s been offered a position with a team of first responders back in London, three nights a week, just at first.
Hanging onto John’s shoulders, Sherlock turned to look at him intently, half his face in glamor, half emerging. “John,” he whispered. “It’s
our connection was not lost on me.”
He feels frayed and harassed.
“I couldn’t just
Sherlock’s lips dip to press against the soft pulse at John’s collarbone, then wander along his neck and rough jaw.
with the right research partners, with the right group backing him,
bird if you pick up anything.”
to broach that subject with you! Now, come here,
Could it be, so close to the Wall…
“We have a
is suddenly there, close, gasping his name.
“And that was the choice you made the moment you prepared your first draft of TD-10.” There is steel in his voice. “Own your actions, Sherlock.”
d and what’s more, 221B hasn’t been
Sherlock feels restless as they wait through the arrests and the repetitive, idiotic questions. Oddly, Donovan abuses him far less than usual, which he chalks up to John's presence.
William’s merry face darkened. “Bad times, they is. Bad times. Mind you, it’s never exactly a dance in the park being a halfblood in London. But we were getting by fine with our methods. Then some vile creature has to go disturbing the peace with their horrors.
“That, Sherlock, was almost romantic.” He shakes his head, chuckling. “I suppose we’ll need to keep a chart by the bed to track how often your spooning soothes me.”
He laughs, once, without humor. “It sounds like a bad spy movie,” then adds as a soft afterthought, “…the kind you always hated.”
In the dim night-light-lit gloom, Sherlock can make out disarray – clothes strewn about, a window open to the warm night air. He catches his breath and rushes in. Tangled in the blankets, Rosie lies sideways, sprawled half out of bed, face pressed against the rug, asleep. One small bare foot thumps against the wall, her limbs twitching beneath the wave of a nightmare.
On that ramble, his dad had told him about the Roman gold and Faerie gems buried beneath the stones, all that remained of once-great empires. Those stories had blossomed in Johnny’s imagination and made the horror of their move a little gentler. He’d promised they’d explore the stones more soon.
me?” He grins. “Fascinating. I talked to you every day, read to you, told you all sorts of things. Probably drove you mad—would have been fine if it drove you to wake up, tell me to
“Right-o, which is why we’ll be landing in Tonbridge and taking quadies for the last bit.”
Are you coming tomorrow night?
with chaos. So one road ends.” She shrugs. “New variables have already presented themselves. I
Sherlock ducked his eyes. “Thought I could manage. It came on quite suddenly.”
The Eowyn bit is taken directly from JRR Tolkien's Return of the King
Sherlock can’t imagine letting him go. But shakily, he pushes up onto an elbow and appraises his doctor, white as chalk, face smeared with red dust and sweat, trying very hard to control his breathing.
Leaning against the rock with the mountain air ruffling his hair, John’s nostrils flared. “You smell that?”
John was surprised when the alley opened up into a long, quiet courtyard that ran the length of the block. He plodded along in his borrowed guise, all of his normal aches beginning to wake up inside it. The throb in his leg was getting increasingly sharper when Sherlock suddenly doubled over with a coughing fit, gasping for breath.
John’s smile is a little forced. The question comes up every few days from
shot me, John?”
Sherlock frowns at his hands and does not contradict him.
“Sherlock,” she interrupts, “I want you to start comparing the t-cell count of fresh blood samples again. We may have overlooked something.”
“You know better than most about the destruction a pathogen can wage on you.
have you seen my gray tie? Christ, I can’t believe we’re going to be late to our own wedding.”
He pulled Sherlock’s arm tightly around his shoulders, gripped him around the waist, and painfully half-carried the wheezing man down the busy street, keeping his face low, stopping breathless before the door. The fire cat wound around his ankles and mewed.
“Not proper food,” Mrs. Hudson clucks. “Broth, and that horrible green mixture you concocted.”
“Even if it was
“I remember, now,” Sherlock rumbles. “I’d heard a soft impact just before you fell. The chaos of the moment drove it from my mind.”
“More magical camping skills?” Sherlock asked with sleepy curiosity.
Did you forget to wear gloves again? A rat’s dose could still give you a nasty timeslip. Curious what you’ll recall in a few days.
Sherlock lets go of him and John slips below the water, arms flailing out to bob himself higher, but the weight of the chain pulls him below the surface. He feels Sherlock perform a tidy surface dive, feels hands at his ankles, tugging the chain, assessing in the darkness. He tries to be patient, but soon John’s lungs are burning and the panic gives him a burst of adrenaline. His hands grope through the water for Sherlock, find a leg, and tug.
me? My god, Sherlock, you’ve been carrying this weight for
“Tit!”
“It was crowded.”
“You think that place has a gift shop?”
Sherlock gasps. “I didn’t tell them about the white noise–”
“Well, that was with women, wasn’t it?”
I was utterly nonplussed when I discovered the poem Mycroft quotes, 'Ode on Melissa's Natal Day.' You can read the whole thing here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melissa
for visiting Magnusson that night, not while you were under Mary’s watch.”
John had spent the intervening years pouring through their contraband archives, all in the name of anti-Faerie research. His stomach twisted with grief. He’d never have access to such a trove of Faerie lore again.
John’s eyebrows peaked into his fringe. “Gets weirder.”
Sherlock warms at the nickname. Of all the people in all the world, only one can ever call William James Sherlock Scott Holmes
“Oy! Go after those two!”
John marveled that without the presence of an attacking brigade, the Wall did nothing. No defensive magic. Just this tenacious pull as if
“Thank you. For what you did. And… I’m bloody sorry. For all of it.”
“For god’s sake, woman,” Sherlock crows, “cease your attacks!”
John drew a shuddery breath. His work done, he sat back on the stool, hands flopping into his lap.
“Funny question. But now that you mention it, yea, I remembered her voice, too. Things she said. Horrible things… and I could smell her perfume.”
“Nice one! I was trying to hide the extra limp, though you probably saw that. Dodged a lorry, caught my leg on the fender.
Sherlock launches to his feet and begins to pace.
“You two a team now, or something?” Chen asks, his awe slightly hampered by the nasal press of the cotton.
made it difficult for my childhood assassin to hold a job in the family business. But she’s industrious. I imagined she just went off and started a civil war somewhere to vent her frustrations. What has she done now?”
headed home to breakfast. Sherlock was no longer by his side, but lagging far behind.
Sherlock pushes through the tightness. “You… weren’t gay.”
She grinned with dazzling warmth when she saw him upright, poking among her books. “By the
“Obviously.”
From: wssh1875@iol.com
“Yes. Human contact was part of our… hypothesis.”
With the deft actions of an experienced care provider, he plucks up a short pipette from the lab table (the spoon was inefficient), balances all of his containers in the crook of his left arm, and scoops up the fallen chair as he walks past, settling it with a bang (no response).
appropriate summer reading, young man,” Sherrinford mock-scolds. “Brush up on your German when it isn’t a beautiful day outside.”
Sherlock barely has time to brush a last kiss on Melissa’s head before Molly gives him a look and shuts the door in his face. He and John stand on the landing, bewildered.
Sherlock scowled. “Of course. Iron dispels glamors.”
“Oh, not me. No no no, I don’t go above ground. A bit o’ midnight star-gazing from under the bridge is all the excitement I get in the open air. It’s all tunnels for trolls.”
John reached over the panther and turned the knob. As they passed through the doorway, his eyes were briefly blinded by a flash of white light. The air was instantly fresh and fragrant with pine.
John grins wickedly, feeding him another bite.
Sherlock rolled his eyes with frustration and minutely shook his head.
I know where we're headed, I just need to get us there!
“So… we’re just going to… go up there? And look for clues?”
It’s freezing. John crams his numb hands deeper into his pockets as he tramps along several paces behind Sherlock, the distance between them growing. He’d like to appreciate the beauty of the forest they’re wandering through. They’d even startled a herd of deer some time back, though Sherlock had hardly noticed. John’s feeling useless and it bruises his mood.
Johnny Watson pounded down the flinty lane through the Millner’s muddy apple orchard, the soles of his too-large boots flapping with each stride.
as a boy, King Arthur, all the old tales. A jaunt around Snowdon, in the very country of dragons, is like stepping out of the present and slipping instantly into legend.”
John felt a deep pang.
John stares into the middle distance, his eyes a confusion of pain and disbelief.
After she’d been crowned, the young Queen had lifted her veil to show her subjects that she, too, bore intricate enhancements of her own design. Shining with inlaid clockwork and intricately rippling silver scales, she was like a great metallic insect surrounding herself with clacking drones.
Sherlock quickly considered his body, noting he felt no urge to cough. The raw pain in his chest and sapping fever were gone. His eyes found John’s.
“Friend of Greg’s, Detective Inspector Meredith Blanchard, quite clever, knows me by reputation. Called to the case from Cardiff. But there’s so little evidence left on the body or the scene that she felt quite out of her depth. She requested me, hoping to ease the widow’s fears. I like her already.” He isn’t positive, but he thinks his praise for this female detective earns him a frown.
“Christ… that was
John smirks. “Yea, fair point. Hey, come here a moment–”
“I just mean, there’s
Sherlock takes John’s hand and tugs him through the mass of brightly colored nylon jackets and strong perfumes, keeping his eyes firmly on the stone steps to fight the urge to deduce them.
Sherlock’s eyes widen as the starlings swoop through his mind, rapidly organizing chaotic information, reexamining events, cross-referencing.
Lestrade nodded appreciatively as Stan dutifully twisted dials within the clockwork, the tip of his tongue peeking out with concentration. He clapped the boy on the shoulder, then strode out of the aviary to find Tobi and their team. He took a sip of hot tea and smiled. The kid might be useful, after all.
It had all been so sudden - John had come home from the surgery already knackered, looking ahead to dozing on Sherlock’s lap on the sofa after dinner while he read. Instead John had shuffled into the flat and found Sherlock in a zephyr of activity, tossing belongings into a duffel, pushing a sandwich into his hands, ordering him to change into sturdy boots.
“What?”
“Jesus, Billy, we really need to get you out more. I’m
When Sherlock finally reached them, John was holding Lissa, a heavy armful, snuggled close to his jumpered-chest as she bubbled with her story of Anura.
Sherlock grips the bedclothes painfully.  He is reliving Sherlock’s death, obviously triggered by his anxiety over Sherlock falling today.
compared to this organization. The Magpies work for them, as do hundreds of other individuals and agencies, some less savory than others. Their network is vast. Look into any major turning point in history, British or otherwise, and you will likely find this group’s fingerprints.”
“Oh. Um, well, I’ve been learning about the magic of dreams lately,” he muttered, thinking vividly of the dream he and Sherlock had literally shared the night before.
Back at the inn, they collect their bags and John goes ahead to check out at the front desk. Sherlock peeks into drawers and drops to all fours on the carpet, casting his eyes under the bed and behind the dresser for any straggling items. John had been very thorough. A last look in the bathroom shows him a little bottle of complimentary lotion. He uncaps it, the chamomile scent he’d smelled on John’s skin after his shower, and during their lovemaking, squeezing his heart. He pockets it and turns to leave, giving one last glance at the room with its small table and single rumpled bed where everything had changed.
delivery man, stands in the doorway holding a paper sack dotted with oil stains and spatters of rain. The scent of fried bean curd fills the entryway. He’s breathless again from his climb. Sherlock suspected that if he met him at the street door, it would look like pity for his limp. He does not think this man wants to be seen as weak. His hair is wet from where the rain seeped under his helmet, sticking up at odd little points.
I have always felt sorry for humans. Their magic is so painfully
John sobered. “I’m getting there. Okay. After Toria was crowned, the merfolk were turned away. Ever since, captured halfbloods have been brought here, to London, imprisoned in her abominable secret Lab.” John swallowed hard. “She’s been
Sherlock huffed, his words coming in a clipped rush. “By directing magic through the fingertips, molecules are manipulated in five specific manners, resulting in five specific Skills. No human possesses more than one.”
Sherlock looks him over quickly.
Sherlock looks daggers at him. He feels his skin go suddenly hot.
John stacks their dishes outside the door and stretches out on the bed, relaxed in soft pajamas, feet bare. With a sniff, Sherlock realizes he’s been so absorbed in looking for the key to the puzzle that he hasn’t bathed yet. While John lounges against the pillows poking around on his phone, Sherlock grabs his kit and heads into the small bathroom.
with that sort of thing.”
John felt his throat go tight at the memory. “Did you contract it?
John feels the pressure of the gun disappear as she aims at Sherlock.
“This going to become our new trysting spot?” John grins mischievously.
why I’m here.”
. The water is rising, so it must be coming from somewhere in the floor I can't reach." He sighs wearily. "Unless I dunk." The thought is troubling. He’s already chilled. Completely submerging will drop his body temperature further. He steels himself.
John, watching with a mixture of pain and relief, gives him a nod. Seemingly satisfied, he stands abruptly, pulls on his pack, and says brightly,
“Now just a minute–”
“John,” Molly says in a tight voice, “I’m
“What?”
John bit his lip, hesitating, his fingers hovering over Sherlock’s. “May I?”
“Everything hurts,” the deep voice rumbled pathetically. “But I’ll manage.”
“Thought so. Father’s side, if I’m not mistaken. Rarely am.”
he smirks, “I’m just shaking up the seltzer.”
Sherlock startles minutely, his eyes darting up.
He talks at length about the man’s theory of cyclical population collapse. Setting the empty bottle down on the coffee table and easing Melissa onto his shoulder for a burp, he realizes John is fast asleep, face pressed against the arm of his chair. He smiles softly, gently patting the baby’s back.
His stomach twists with familiar grief for the child he won’t know,
“Nor a Hamish,” John retorts.
He feels Sherlock reading his face in the dim light. He bends to press a gentle kiss to John’s forehead. “I’ll be with you the whole time. Right at your side while you sleep. First thing you’ll see when you wake up. It’s over, no one can take you from me now.”
“You’ve reinforced your mental wall,” Sherlock blurted, instantly wishing he hadn’t as a blush crept up John’s neck.
powerful, John.”
you.”
“Magical protection, I expect. Shields, wards, energetic labyrinths. Hundreds of halfbloods are rumored to live in London without ever being discovered. This haven must be part of their network.” He nodded toward Sparks, leaping nimbly between lamps. “Without this creature, I’m certain we’d never have been able to find it ourselves.”
Sherlock scowls. “Oh, that’s very–”
“Clearly you fear repercussions. Perhaps you’ve made an oath you’re loathe to break. But mark this, Sherlock.” Steel slides into his voice and Sherlock tries to parry it with a defensive, wounded slouch. “Our brother is dying. If you have any notion of why he is ill, it is paramount that you divulge the information to someone.” He flicks ash onto the grubby concrete. “Hard as it may be for you to believe, you may tell anything to me without fear of reprisal or judgement.” His voice goes oddly soft. “I just want him to recover. It’s maddening being so in the dark.”
The humans were honestly thrilled to be rid of their wild captives. The prison never held halfbloods for long. And so for
When John finally wakes, it’s with a jolt from a nightmare. The sitting room is full of sunlight.
“I don’t think I can make a bandage fit on this, but it’s clean,” Sherlock mutters, reluctantly giving John back his hand. “Just… Drink more water, and finish the rest of my bar.” Sherlock pulls his half-eaten energy bar out of his pocket.
Cheeky Sherlock. The
Sherlock begins to lose sense of time. It has either been an extremely charged few minutes, or half an eternity of tasting, licking, biting, the fire building between them, a sheen of sweat on their skin. Somehow they’re naked, though he doesn’t exactly remember each article being removed. Perhaps they incinerated, simply combusting from their combined heat.
Huge thanks to my beta, shirleycarlton, who endured a LOT of rewrites to this chapter and gave excellent guidance.
“Okay,” he says shakily, “I’m okay.”
“I remember,” Sherlock says with a huge yawn, “that I wasn’t this sleepy afterwards, and we went round and round til the small hours of the morning, as if we were catching up for lost time.”
He chuckled. “You hold that frog any closer, Bee, you’ll soon find out if it’s a prince.”
serums in your bloodstream?
“Yes, well, that’s
“I formulated it to be tasteless, odorless, trackable for roughly a week before being fully metabolized.”
“Oh John, your confusion is always so adorable” Rosamund responds mock-soothingly. “I must admit it all went rather pear-shaped. Sherlock was never even supposed to survive.”
John looks up, suddenly remembering.
It’s too much. The dam quietly crumbles and John is crying, soundlessly, shaking with the sobs. It’s as if he has just been pulled from the well, in awe to be above ground, to be saved, but still aches with the horror of the cold, dark earth that nearly swallowed him.
“Maybe you could join an ambulance team. Get you out of that dreadful office. Plenty of adrenaline, lots of people needing your skills. Get you home in time for dinner, no endless stakeouts.”
it was entirely Sherlock. “William’s attention to detail is marvelous – your brows are thick as caterpillars! And your hair is jet black, did you know? Not a trace of silver.”
“Allay your fears. I’ve arranged for them to be removed.”
John’s eyes widened. “Were they killed?”
to see all the ends. People die in the name of healing – I won’t be part of that.”
“It’s customary to smile, Sherlock, but I can’t force you.” John gives his shoulder an encouraging squeeze. In the screen of the phone, John’s face looks weathered, but…
They eventually emerge from the shop with a box of locally-made fudge for Mrs. Hudson and a fuzzy, vividly red stuffed Welsh dragon for Rosie.
christ, it’s fantastic.”
. He remembers last night with a pulse of anger and nearly throws the plate. But his stomach growls, the lure of food outweighing his temper. Sitting with a huff and shoveling down the beans, he glares at the lopsided smiley face. He remembers their victory with Morpheus, the jubilation that followed, Mycroft’s anger.
He grins at himself, a wave of effervescent happiness flushing his cheeks, sparking in his eyes.
magic.”
Sherlock tries to suppresses the effervescent bubbles in his solar plexus, but they just morph into a feral giddiness. He feels the hairs along his neck prickle as he senses, if not quite hears, a surge in the distant conflict. “John, we need to run,
John plucks at it, smells wool-and-Sherlock. “Your coat,” he smiles, shivering. “Ta.”
“You…” John growls, “you wanted Sherlock dead. All along. Were you coming here tonight to finish your botched job? Make me your senseless pet again?”
John does not respond, he simply clings.
“They just
John stared up, rigid with fear, and obeyed.
“Not sure I can climb.” He can hardly curl his stiff hands into fists and his legs feel like field stones. “We could unjam the pipe and float til the water level lifts us higher, but we’d die of hypothermia before then. Be a real waste of a lovely bit of underwater lock-picking.” He huffs  humorlessly. “Your nutter of a sister must be having a grand time watching you dance.”
. I’m sorry. I thought you said my block was in place–”
Sherlock cleans himself quickly at the bathroom sink, glancing up at the mirror at his pale chest tattooed with the rosettes of John’s hard kisses. Every mundane detail swells in significance. His
Her bright grey eyes held his. “Until Queen Toria ascended to her blasted clockwork throne fifteen years ago, we
“But–”
It had taken him by surprise. They had been in the cab chasing their lead, John on his mobile looking up train schedules as Sherlock fired questions at the air. As John studied the day’s trains he’d noticed the date. January 29th.  Their 8th anniversary. He’d grinned to himself. Here they were all these years later, still caught up in the chase together. He’d reached across the seat and given Sherlock’s thigh a gentle squeeze. Sherlock hadn’t even slowed his soliloquy of speculation, just scooched closer to him the seat, brushing a fast kiss on the corner of his mouth, his eyes sparking. John didn’t bring it up. He didn’t care that they’d forgotten. Sherlock was so beautiful when he was like this, shining, and he’d gazed at him quietly between the google searches.
“Home.” Sherlock says flatly. “Yes, I’m sure Mary will be livid that I nearly let you die.”
Melissa’s birth date is  February 7
itched maddeningly in Sherlock’s mind. This was magic, powerful magic.
“We three need to move quickly. Gregson, we’ll keep that fine military-issue coptor you so enjoy flying.”
“What’s this...” he trails off, peering closely at the dead man’s arm. Sherlock waits anxiously for the moment he loves best: when John sees the connections, too. “Bloody hell, will you look at that,” John mutters. “It’s the very same.”
“Oh, come on now,” John crowed, his excitement making him bold. “It’s not fair that you know who made my socks, but won’t say how you wound up a prisoner in a bloody circus.”
As he reveled in this remarkable freedom, Sherlock became aware of a surge of emotion crowding his chest – the ache of genuine
Sherlock stepped off the bank into the shallow pond, the muddy bottom sucking at his tall, black wellies as he stepped with care toward his daughter. A light spring rain pattered on their raincoats, bright flashes of yellow in the gray afternoon light.
“Yes, thank you, Mycroft, we know she’s in the neighborhood. As it happens she popped by to kill us and take the baby, but fortunately John’s shot her in the head. Please send a team ‘round to clean this up, hm?”
The papers fly out, igniting, scraps of burning map floating recklessly through the air. A gale is blowing through the corridors, urging the fire to burn brighter.
To: wssholmes1875@iol.com
“Sorry?”
“Evidence,” he responds meekly.
“You didn’t say anything.”
With a brittle snap, the collar cracked into two pieces and thudded onto to the dirt floor. Sherlock's breath rushed out with relief – John could feel it on his face, they were so close. The spell-song faded to a gravelly whisper. He blinked out of the trance to find his forehead pressed against Sherlock’s. John pulled away abruptly, mumbling an apology, cheeks aflame.
“Hey, Sherlock,” he gasped. “Know any mermaids in the Thames? Might lend us a hand.” He was getting delirious. The Thames had been devoid of magical life for hundreds of years.
12 minutes later, Sherrinford wakes with a gasp. Sherlock, who had drifted into his mind palace as he watched the mesmerizing patterns on the screen, jolts back to himself.
it would be alright to play mad scientist…
“They came
Sherlock notes covertly that John looks…
“Why?”
John leaned back in his chair with an incredulous huff, grinning a scowl at him that made Sherlock’s stomach flip.
The pool of blood growing around her and the gore on the wall seem abstract, something from a case file he’s ferreted away in his mind palace. The cool, calculating consulting detective sees the window she’d climbed through, somehow scaling the wall. It sees the deep red mark on her temple, from John’s fist. It admires the speed and precision of John’s shot. It looks perfectly planned, though they had never spoken a word.
“Harpy,” the troll answered with a soft boom, placing down a toboggan-sized platter covered in warm slices of buttered toast. “Get ‘em at the Wormworks Market. Now, tuck in.”
“Soh–sorry. Did I fall ‘sleep?” He scowls, yawning so widely his jaw cracks. “Again?”
The boys soon tired of the sport and wandered off toward the village. Shaking with rage, Johnny flung silent insults at their backs until they disappeared around the bend. Only when he was alone did he finally kick his feet and heave his weight, trying to snap the branch snagged into his sweater. His left boot went flying, exposing a much-darned sock, but the sharp limb held firm.
“Oy, lads,” they both snap guiltily toward their dad’s voice at the entrance of the alley, the cigarette disappearing lamely behind Mycroft’s back. “Thought I’d find you here. Pass me one, would you?”
Good luck. I mean it. (Look into that synapse regeneration theorem we talked about.) Sorry about M. Give him some scone.
“You made the thing with mushrooms,” she says softly, bemused.
The sun is well up, their light-weight nylon shirts damp with sweat from the climb to the ridge. They’re traveling light, just water on their backs, protein-dense snacks in pockets, trim first aid kit, and a new slim, silver, high-pixel camera Sherlock picked up for evidence shots
“Brilliant timing,” John muttered.
“When we played
Sherlock’s breath hitches. He ducks his eyes, staring intently at the pie, his smile growing to ridiculous proportions.
“There is something holding you down–”
“Course you planned that.”
John shrugs, smiling. “Don’t have to. Some people wait to be surprised. Most don’t. It could narrow the naming options down. And just, you know, give us a glimpse into who they’ll be.”
But John marveled - how could someone commit a crime here? The very cottage walls radiated peace. He felt the tightness in his shoulders beginning to unspool. It would be good, having a case in a place like this. Maybe they’d even have time for a jaunt along a lake before heading back to London.
She smiled at him, her eyes twinkling. “You may relax, John Watson. We have not actually left my flat. Your friend slumbers peacefully above our heads, healing well thanks to your skill.”
I would love to hear if there are certain moments or stories you'd especially like to read. I love a prompt. Their night of dancing. The trysting tree. Getting their tattoos. Lissa at the frog pond with her dads. Please let me know in the comments.
As their sweat cools, Sherlock draws the bedclothes over them. Beneath the blankets, Sherlock’s fingertips skate gently, reverently, over his skin, ensuring nothing remains untouched. John shivers pleasantly, puffing tiny moans into his hair.
After a few moments’ long scrutiny, Sherlock moves in close to sniff his hair, his hands, his chest. Sherlock grins because John is always stirred by this bit.
“You have an intermittent tremor in your left hand and walk with a psychosomatic limp. Judging by the shadows under your vaguely bloodshot eyes you suffer from insomnia. PTSD. You should fire her.”
“But – I can do it in the morning,” John says warily, “long as I let them know.”
“Well, Kent Downs went rather badly. He could’ve been helped by an escapee.”
“Action follows energetic intent,” Sherlock muttered.
Sherlock holds out the notes, takes the bag, nods goodbye, and closes the door a bit harder than he needed to. Then he blinks and opens the door so quickly Chen hasn’t had time to step away. He blinks, startled.
“Of course not!” Sherlock huffed an impatient sigh. “I’m no
The medium sucked in a deep breath and narrowed his eyes in challenge.
Mycroft,” Sherlock goggles at him. “Won’t you get caught?”
“Victor strikes me as more of a top if you ask me.”
Squinting blearily, Sherlock struggled to focus on the large, shadowy feline face that filled his vision.
they murmur, right in front of him. He can hear them perfectly well.
“Course she will,” John grins, handing him a warm flannel with a sparkle in his eye. “She’s been waiting ages for us to sort ourselves out as her proper dads.”
Whirling around, John found no building behind them at all, just wide, mossy trees and tall bracken.
John squared his shoulders, pursed his lips, and nodded once.
Standing more carefully this time, John rubs his hands onto his sodden jacket, eyes adjusting to the gloom. Rough fieldstone walls curve around him, mossy and slick with moisture. His eyes follow the walls up, up into darkness.
“Mum’s away. Conference in Berlin. Dad went with her.”
you to wake up.”
There have been more of these friendly touches of late. Sherlock has an ever-lengthening list of instances: a quick, companionable squeeze of shoulder from John; a light press to the small of the back from Sherlock... though nothing resembling a hug since John’s tears at 221B several months ago.
Sherlock tries sitting with their thighs brushing, which earns him a warm smile from John who leans in to press a soft kiss to his lips. Moths, their antennae furry, rush from his belly into his throat, pushing a lopsided grin onto his face. He can’t stop looking at John, so familiar and rumpled, but
. Yes,
“It’s about precision, Greg. Oh, also, we’ll be raising John’s baby.”
“–yes John, yes! You’re getting it! That’s a
all out, you know, a bit at a time.”
“My dressing gown feels good on you,” Sherlock rumbles sleepily, his face still hidden against John’s hip. “My laptop is clearly not secure enough. Tea for me?”
“Oh come on, Kinsey,” John sighed. “Do
“We should go back next summer. Every summer we can. It doesn’t feel like home, exactly. It’s a kind of paradise. I want Melissa to grow up knowing this. It’ll help keep us right.”
And then they were back out the door, into a rented jeep parked at the curb, Sherlock talking rapidly about an urgent case that had come up in the Lake District.
“Your appearance remains unchanged,” Sherlock assured him quietly.
“It’s us they want, Sherlock.”
“We always tied,” John snorts. “You said the variables were too… predictable… or something. Added bloody
“Rain is harmless, Mycroft. Streptococcus causes pneumonia,” Sherlock says flatly, shrugging away from his steadying hands and turning to head deeper into the woods.
“Bird for you, Sir.”
Sherlock studied him seriously. “Cumbria made up the earliest fabric of your reality. A fire would have left marks of trauma. It would usually be quite apparent.”
“We’re okay,” he whispers. When John doesn’t respond, he steers him to     the couch.
“Yes! That’s my boy!” Sherrin hops up and claps him on the shoulder. “So, we’ll start mapping out some theories, take it slow. Don’t get frustrated, this one’s going to be loads harder than TD-10.”
The mundane Princess Toria soon tired of her clockwork marvels, seeing them as childish toys. She was driven with a passion to make humans greater than mages, greater than Faerie, but met countless obstacles while attempting to surgically meld her clockwork into human flesh.
, all that.” John paused, seeing a stricken look flash across his companion’s face.
“Always loved you in that color,” John says warmly.
“Oh, and sir,” Chen calls out as the car begins to drive off. Sherlock looks back. Chen winks and gives him a thumbs-up. “
“Oh, good – it worked–” Sherlock says distractedly, blinking repeatedly as he tries to sort this incredible new information about his brother. “Wait, so you like
From: wssh1875@iol.com
“And with that, my tale is told.” He spreads his hands out before him and sighs sadly.
“It was lovely, Mrs. H,” John says mildly, giving Sherlock a kick behind the phone, not that Sherlock would dream of mentioning the day’s excitement. “We should be home by, what,” he glances at Sherlock. “Dinnertime?”
doing here?” John stepped uncertainly into the room’s dim light, his voice wary.
