What they use at this point in the montage is various false-color versions of the footage they shot of Holmes and Moriarty falling off the cliff for the end of “Final Problem.” But of course what’s shown in that footage is something that never actually happened. Holmes never did go into the chasm. It’s Watson’s
The situation after this point gets a little stickier. The Duke tries to buy Holmes and Watson’s silence by doubling the amount of the check. Holmes tells him look, I can help you, but first you have to tell me everything and then you have to let me do what I want. The Duke agrees. Holmes rips Holdernesse a new one, but having ensured Hayes’s arrest, and dispatched a servant to go bring young Lord Saltire home, he allows the Duke to send Wilder off to Australia instead of turning him in. Then he pockets the check, and that’s the end of the story.
the human villain…it will not do, Watson. If you would vary your reading diet beyond the papers and the penny dreadfuls, you would be aware of hundreds of precedents that should warn the canny adapter to steer clear of such narratives. In the pigeonhole marked “X,” for example, are records of two alarming instances, ‘Teso Dos Bichos’ and ‘Alpha,’ each of which was a hideous
But with the return to the hour-long format, things seem to have settled down a bit. For “Three Gables,” and now “Dying Detective,” there seems to have been more effort put into making the parts of the episode that don’t have Holmes in them strong enough to stand on their own. Hardwicke is now clearly taking on work that would otherwise have been given to Brett. Mrs. Hudson is taking up more space. The Baker Street Irregulars are back. The guest stars are top-drawer. In fact, many of them starred in other beloved things; so if you have ever wanted, say, to see Jane Bingley really tear the villain a new one, or if you want to see the Earl of Grantham get high on opium, or if you want to see that asshole toff who crashed the Titanic get his comeuppance, “Dying Detective” can do that for you.
"Oh my dear fellow," he said, removing the pipe from his mouth with one hand and tossing the spill into the grate with the other. "Was it
For all the hoo-ha about how terrifying Mycroft’s massive intellect is, however, as written, “The Greek Interpreter” doesn’t give Mycroft much time to shine. Apart from the deductions game he plays with Sherlock at the window in the Diogenes Club, Mycroft solves the case not with brainpower but by doing something simple, effective, and also entirely thoughtless: he puts an ad in all the papers asking for information about Paul and Sophia Kratides. This does solve the mystery–they find the house only because someone’s answered the ad–but of course it puts their client, Mr. Melas, in mortal danger. Holmes’s impatience throughout with Mycroft’s failure to consider the human consequences of his actions is clearly telegraphed by Brett’s reactions. This is really an action/suspense plot, where the real question is not how to solve a puzzle but whether they’ll be able to save Mr. Melas and Paul Kratides in time. Marlowe does a good job of turning a reference to the difficulty of getting a warrant into a tense little scene with Gregson at the police station, and the translation scenes in Kemp and Latimer’s house are freaky for real. The actor playing Kemp appears to have a side job as a Peter Lorre impersonator; but derivative as it is, his performance also extremely unnerving and creepy. He really gets the laughing-while-saying-hideous-things part exactly right. The way Kemp and Latimer treat all three of the Greek people in this episode reminds me of the brutality of my own government regarding immigrants and “foreigners” of all types, which gives those scenes an extra dystopian shudder.
Doyle seems to be slowly dissolving the Great Partnership. At some point before “The Blanched Soldier” and “The Lion’s Mane,” Watson remarries, leaving Holmes not only working on his own but narrating his own adventures. At some point before “His Last Bow,” which is narrated in the third person, Holmes is sent on a multi-year undercover mission by the British government, apparently sans Watson (who is nevertheless in at the kill, disguised as Holmes’s chauffeur). But at some point before all that, Watson appears to have moved out; and this is the part that I (even as a child who didn’t know what ‘shipping’ meant) always found baffling and sort of painful. On the one hand, “Illustrious Client” starts out with Holmes and Watson in a Turkish bath together. On the other hand, Watson mentions casually afterwards that he had his own place in Queen Anne Street at this time. WHY? my plaintive younger self demanded. Why would you LEAVE 221B? VOLUNTARILY?
was such an adaptation. Many of us were waiting to see if Moffat and Gatiss would ever bring in “Three Garridebs.” Many of us thought maybe the “I love you” moment in the S4 trailer might have had something to do with “Three Garridebs.” And in fact, in “The Final Problem,” they DO bring in “The Three Garridebs!”
Nabbing Colonel Valentine is also a great moment. At it happens, I just re-watched the Kenneth Branagh/Emma Thompson
All right, so let me first talk about the canon story. I’ve mentioned before that late Victorian London was trying to cope with a massive housing crisis and widespread unemployment fueled by a mass migration of people from the country to the city. All through the first 24 stories you can see little glimpses of the poverty and human misery that may be largely quarantined in the slums, but nevertheless occasionally infiltrates the world of Holmes and his middle-class clients. The “Baker street irregulars” introduced in
Hawkesworth cuts all of this except for the first three words; and as much as I love this passage in context, I think he was right to do it. Coming where it does in the order, Holmes’s decision in “Boscombe Valley” forces him to re-evaluate what’s now a longstanding practice of making his own decisions about what to do with the criminals he identifies. The adaptation, which replaces Lestrade with a local inspector–Colin Jeavons was obviously just not on board for the
stain: Lucas’s wife kills him because she assumes Lucas is having an affair with Lady Hilda, and indeed it is very unusual for a woman to be alone in the home of a strange man at that time of night, as we will discuss in a minute. And then she discovers that her shenanigans will transfer this scandal to her husband, creating (if you will) a
It’s like Brett was already known back in 1969, somehow, as the go-to guy for stories about late Victorian dandies whose hobby is saving people who write indiscreet letters from their blackmailers. Like, when they were thinking about who to cast for Lord Goring, the producers were like, “I want Jeremy Brett for this.” “I don’t know, I was thinking maybe Derek Jacobi.” “Dude, no no no no. It’s gotta be Brett.” “Why?” “Why? Have you SEEN what that guy can do with paper?”
nor was it entirely mandated by canon that the soundtrack should become dominated by the sound of Tibetan meditation bowls–as it does. (This brought back unpleasant memories of my own cancer saga years ago, because my mother’s way of being helpful was to bring up a set of meditation tapes made by some breast cancer doctor/guru her friend was into, in which these meditation bowls were played while the doctor intoned, “IMAGINE THAT YOUR HEART IS AN EGG-SHAPED BALL OF LIGHT” in a voice like a buzz-saw.) When Holmes goes to wash his hands and face–an action they seem to love showing; not that I complain, but I do wonder why–they put it in slow motion and honestly it looks for a moment as if we’re just gonna go full-on
First of all, let me give props where they are due: they were really making an effort with the production values on this one. Someone’s tried to make the cinematography visually interesting and thematically appropriate–I don’t know how cool that horse-cam really is, but points for giving us multiple points of view–and the locations are beautiful. They also seem to be working harder on making the corpses look deader. Oddly, the 221b interiors seem weird to me–maybe they weren’t able to recreate the old set for some reason, or maybe they decided to give it a makeover–but overall, this is a cut above.
As for the rest of the episode, well, the only thing I feel moved to talk about is Bowen’s reading of the murders as a “crime of passion.” Holmes, as we know, likes to let murderers who kill out of love go. What Bowen seems to have misunderstood is that Crocker, Sterndale, et al. were murdering men who threatened the women they loved. Browder murders his wife. To have Holmes standing there wishing aloud that they were in France so that Browder would be off the hook is, IMHO, wrong–both in the sense of “bad” and in the sense of “out of character.” One of the reasons this case upsets Holmes so much is that it contradicts some of his assumptions about what “love” is and why men kill for it. It’s still a mystery to him how a man can say he loves a woman and also say that’s why he killed her.
At the same time, you have Watson and Holmes sitting at the back of the room whispering to each other as they watch Lestrade trying to study Holmes’s “theories” without letting anyone find out:
how healing it is to watch Holmes and Watson genuinely reconnect, and to see the hurt and the remorse turn into forgiveness and rejoicing. This is the way it SHOULD be done, and only when you watch this scene can you really appreciate how fucking cruel to everyone involved the “Empty Hearse” reunion scene was.
But the real payoff is at the end, after Holmes Dramatically Reveals the Black Pearl of the Borgias. In the Doyle story, Watson does talk about how deliberately dramatic he’s being, how much they enjoy that, and how they spontaneously applaud at the denouement. (We’ll just pass over the fact that once again Sherlock Holmes steals a valuable jewel and nobody does anything about it.) But the real punch comes when Lestrade walks up to Holmes and says, completely sincerely and with no trace of sarcasm or irony, “You know, we’re not jealous of you at Scotland Yard. We’re proud of you.”
, who is now my sole source for art history). The parallels are not exact but there are undeniable compositional similarities. That final image of Rachel presents her murder of Brunton as a kind of Ophelia’s Revenge; yes, she winds up drowning herself, but first she’s gonna get the guy who did her wrong. It reminds us that the whole “Musgrave Ritual” plot, since it’s all about things being buried, is great fodder for psychoanalysis as well as horror; like Rachel’s horrible corpse, the whole episode is about What Lies Beneath. Holmes gets stuck at the very end of the hunt because he’s forgotten the most important part of the instructions, which (in the adaptation) Watson excitedly reminds him of: “And under! You’ve forgotten the ‘and under’!” Excavation is one of the primary metaphors for psychoanalysis; and it’s also a very common trope for mystery novels, given that we’re always trying to discover something that’s been
Ah well. Marlowe didn’t get his paws on “Norwood Builder,” which up next…and THAT one is about 99 44/100th percent pure delight.
And this brings me to the two things I appreciate most, on rewatch, about “A Scandal In Bohemia.” One is the work everyone’s done to build the foundation for Holmes and Watson’s relationship, which is just delicious; and the other is that this is really the only adaptation I’ve seen that does justice to the canon Irene Adler instead of essentially rewriting her with whatever the adapter thinks is a modern “strong woman” (Moffat, I’m lookin’ at you).
We respond to that aspect of Brett’s performance so strongly because it speaks to something fundamental about how humans learn–something that the twenty-first century often seems to be in danger of forgetting. Some research has now been done comparing the experience of reading ebooks to paper books, and early results seem to indicate that we retain the material better when reading a physical book because of the sensory and spatial “mapping” that holding and manipulating the physical book allows us to do. We know something better when we can grapple with it somatically as well as mentally.
, clearly, the team was scrambling to cope with a desperate situation. Unskillful attempts to accommodate Brett’s illness or else just write around him are partly responsible for how bad
In Collins’s novel, the Moonstone is a large diamond from India which was, hundreds of years ago, stolen out of the head of a statue in a Hindu temple in Somnath and then passed from plunderer to plunderer until it finally winds up in England, in the hands of a British officer who killed three people in cold blood to get it. The diamond is supposed to have been cursed at the time of the original theft, and to bring nothing but bad luck to anyone who owns it. What happens after “the wicked old Colonel” leaves this jewel to his beautiful niece on her 20
, whose production style usually appears to be trying to replicate Sherlock’s own manic hyperawareness and satisfy his craving for constant stimulation.
and 3) after his beating, Holmes is treated primarily by specialists, with Watson just dropping in occasionally so 4) Watson never really knows exactly what Holmes’s physical condition is.
It is unanswerable, of course; and who knows, maybe the only reason I’m asking it is that the Unveiling of Jude Law in this episode reminds me so much of this:
No, all the real charm in this story has to do with Holmes’s battle with his extremely troublesome client, and the way Watson keeps stepping in to help him out. At one point, Gibson offers to punch Holmes, and Watson is getting up and ready to throw down, when Holmes just waves a hand and says, “Don’t be noisy.” And really, that’s exactly what you wish someone would say to our 45th president, a hundred and eighty-three times a day for the rest of his life.
For the first six episodes of this saga, Jeremy Brett was carrying this show. Of course he had a very talented accomplice in David Burke. But over and over in those early episode reviews I’d find myself telling the same story: this is riveting when Brett is on screen and boring, not to say ridiculous, when he’s not.
There you have it. Per the authority of one A. Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes does a therapeutic version of the Vulcan neck pinch. Put that in your fic and smoke it.
You know, after I finished this episode, I started kicking myself for not having seen it back in 1986. I was 17, I could really have used it then. Why, I lamented, did I let my adolescent fear of change prevent me from the years of enjoyment I could have derived from “The Second Stain”? But then I said, no, do not be so hard on Young Plaidder. She was more prescient than you imagine. Somehow she mysteriously knew, without knowing, that in 2017, you would DESPERATELY need the shot in the arm that these ‘new’ episodes of Granada Holmes would provide–and that this particular episode would come along right at the moment that Cranky Old Plaidder would be most exquisitely poised to appreciate the many, many intertextualities which add zest and deliciousness to this most scrumptious of palimpsests.
I am, I will admit, a sucker for the established relationship, and this episode really delivers that in a very rich and satisfying way, in the small things as well as the large.
I did not actually do a spit take. But I did sit up and say, “Oh SHIT! She was THAT Natasha Richardson!”
When I saw “Twisted Lip” was up next, my first thought was: Do I have to? Do I really? To call the canon story ‘problematic’ would be an understatement; it is a festival of late Victorian prejudices. How, if your brand is being faithful to canon, are you going to take a plot which combines Orientalism, racism, and classism with contempt for the disabled and the poor and make a silk purse out of that sow’s ear?
What can I say? This is the shit, right here. This is the H/W relationship against which all others eventually pale in comparison. Watson’s voiceover announces that the Granada team has decided to change the overall story arc, and Priority #1 was eliminating Watson’s marriage. Watson says that at the time of the case, he and Holmes had been living together for “some years.” He also says that every time he leaves Holmes for “any length of time,” he comes back dreading Holmes’s “moods.” As soon as he gets inside, he starts asking Mrs. Hudson about how Holmes is doing, and it doesn’t sound great. He goes up expecting the worse, sees the syringe in a half-opened drawer, gets righteously pissed off, and decides to just start right in: “Which is it tonight? Morphine or cocaine?”
I have to say that I found Burke’s performance of Watson’s discovery at the Falls disappointing. Burke’s biggest strength, all the way through, has been his enthusiasm and energy, and the sort of joyous wonder with which he regards Holmes’s triumphs. He and Brett were great banter-mates; and yet there was also always a protective tenderness there ready to come out when it was needed.When it comes to grief and shock, Burke seems to be a bit out of his comfort zone. One recognizes, for instance, the familiar signs of a director’s attempt to camouflage the fact that the actor can’t produce real tears on demand. Which, to be fair, is a fucking hard thing to do.
As for the rest of it, well, I don’t think we really needed TWO opium den episodes, and I was really annoyed at the way neither Holmes nor Watson did anything about Victor Savage’s obvious fever during the dinner party until he collapsed in slow-motion. Still, it’s sort of satisfying in a weird way to watch Susannah Harker, who played Jane Bingley in the Colin Firth
Lest I seem to be unduly harsh on a director who (unlike some others who have worked on this series) at least is taking the time to create an aesthetic, let me cite in my defense some evidence I believe I have discovered that Brett also got impatient with the gratuitous mirror shots. These things are not easy to set up–there’s the problem of the film equipment getting caught in the reflection, for instance–and during the encounter with Baynes at Wisteria Lodge, Hammond has obviously gone to great trouble to maneuver Brett and Jones into just the right spots so that the mirroring will work. It must have occasioned some delay in the shooting…in fact one wonders whether Hammond spent more on antique mirrors than he did on anything else in this episode. At any rate, if you keep your eye on Holmes after he steps into his room to change during their conversation with Eccles at 221b, you will see that the first thing he does after taking off his dressing-gown…
But there’s another layer to this story. All the way through this episode, Holmes is working on Watson to bring him around to his way of thinking. That scene with the Fabulous Jacket ends with a great little moment, in which Holmes teases Watson about the fact that he’s starting to believe in McCarthy’s innocence. I was thinking about this later and I realized: this isn’t just about the two of them. In “Abbey Grange,” Holmes drafts Watson as the jury in their mock trial, noting that Watson is uniquely qualified to “represent” one. The only way Holmes can really do right by both his client and his conscience is to persuade a British jury of McCarthy’s innocence. Holmes has already determined that Watson thinks like a British jury. So all the way through, when Holmes is trying to persuade Watson,
The big news with Granada Holmes was that they were supposed to be doing adaptations of the actual Conan Doyle stories, instead of taking the characters of Holmes and Watson and writing new plots for them. That’s what most theatrical, film, and TV adaptations had done up to that point. With the exception of
, a variety created by a genetic mutation which was then carefully selected for by human growers. What this
was liberating the Holmes stories from all that bad old Victorian sexism. With all the advantages that time confers, Moffat was still never willing to give any of the female characters on
At any rate, especially on the day before James Comey, former director of the FBI, is going to go before the Senate Intelligence Committee to testify about his interactions with our possibly treasonous President, I am slightly more interested in a story which is really about protecting not just state secrets themselves, but the honor of the career civil servants who work with them. Poor overworked, underpaid Cadogan West dies trying to stop a venal, amoral, brother-betraying aristocrat from selling his country’s military secrets to an enemy spy. I salute you, Cadogan West. It’s a good thing you’re not real and still alive, or you would be going OUT OF YOUR MIND right now.
murder: Sir Eustace’s immolation of Lady Brackenstall’s dog. I applaud the principle behind this addition even though the execution could have been better (the dog should not have been named “Fudge,” the name tag is obviously both modern and brand-shiny-new, and the tombstone’s placement is inexplicable): this incident is mentioned in passing in the canon story, but incorporating it into the investigation helps confirm for the audience what Holmes already suspects about the Brackenstalls’ marriage. (It is no one’s fault that this bit now reminds me of the exhumation of Mr. Tippy in the classic
So this montage starts out with a lot of shots of Holmes at the tomb where they have that first conversation about death. We also get the view of the sea from above, which reminds us that in a lot of ways this landscape replicates the Reichenbach setting: wild and sublime landscape, the most mountainous you can find in England, sheer cliff dropping down to a roiling body of water below. Sure enough, from there we get into the flashbacks to his fight with Moriarty from “Final Problem,” and to the shot of Holmes and Moriarty flying down the Reichenbach falls.
rich man saddled with hot-blooded tropical wife he now hates hires young English governess, then tries to get with her even though he’s still married–only Jane is hot as well as intellectually & spiritually gifted, Bertha has access to the gun room, and Mr. Rochester is basically Donald Trump.
But “The Copper Beeches” is a deeply creepy story, so I guess it’s cosmically appropriate, somehow, to be wafted into this episode feeling the cold breath of mortality on the nape of your neck. Look at that brooding ancestral hulk. Does that look to you like a good place to take a live-in job?
One of the things that makes Holmes exceptional, in canon and in Granada, is that he has successfully resisted the deadening process that separates so many of us from our sensory capabilities as we are socialized to deny all that input so that we may tolerate the sensory deprivations of the modern workplace for longer. To most of us a floor is a thing you stand on. That’s not what it is to Sherlock Holmes. That floor is talking to him.
And yet, this decision brings the production team smack up against the main problem with adapting “Devil’s Foot:” No stream of actual images can possibly REALLY be as scary what people supposedly experience when they’re on this drug. Doyle wisely avoids giving us the
before he’ll help them, whether it’s the King of Bohemia or Leon Sterndale. The Victorians idealized personal honesty–Heroes and Heroines were supposed to Never Tell A Lie–and so for him to accuse Lady Brackenstall of lying to him is a big deal. But, as we’ve already seen, Doyle was well aware of some of the things that people in the upper classes routinely lied about, domestic violence being one of them. Lady Brackenstall’s refusal to come clean doesn’t prevent the canon Holmes from helping her, but it does end his interaction with her; in the canon story, he walks away and never sees her again.
That is, of course, Sir John Everett Millais’s “Ophelia,” painted in 1851 and well-known to Victorians (and to me, thanks partly to
But Holmes is also swayed, I think, by something which is just not credible to a modern reader: Wilder’s genuine horror and remorse over Heidegger’s death. In the canon story, Hayes is the one who meets Arthur in the woods, and Wilder isn’t there when he kills Heidegger. According to the Duke, and this fits with what Holmes and Watson observe, Wilder undergoes a complete change of heart once he finds out that his little stunt has cost a man his life. He’s personally shattered, and he comes clean when the Duke confronts him. This is also part of a pattern, where Doyle will sometimes protect the ‘respectable’ criminal by giving him a ‘lower’ accomplice who does all the murdering. In
That’s Nebuchadnezzar being driven mad by God, so I guess there is some thematic connection, and it’s also true that famous drug user Jim Morrison of the Doors got the name of his band from Blake’s
One thing I really like about this adaptation is the scene of Holmes and Watson in the little guest hovel, in the dark, waiting for Helen Stoner to signal them to come up to the house. As Holmes starts walking Watson through the observations and deductions he made during his examination of Julia Stoner’s room, your skin sort of starts to crawl, much the way Watson’s evidently does. I love Brett’s delivery here. The “zest” that he felt after his confrontation with Roylott has evaporated. Once Holmes realizes what’s really at stake, it’s not fun any more; he’s very worried, both about Helen Stoner and about Watson. “I really have some scruples taking you tonight,” he says, looking sadly up at Watson through the light and shadow. “There is a distinct element of danger.” From the way Holmes’s hand shakes as he lays out his Snake Defense Kit on the bed, we can gather that Holmes shares Indiana Jones’s feelings about snakes. He wants Watson there, because he himself is terrified; but he doesn’t want to expose Watson to the same terror. So in this conversation, he doesn’t mention the snake. Instead, he talks–elliptically, but in a way which seems to be pretty clear to Watson–about what the snake stands for.
Dude has not even stopped his forward motion before the hands are slithering across the parquet searching for data. This is something that was really revolutionary about Brett’s interpretation of the character. His Holmes is not just a brain in a vat; he detects with his whole body, leading with the hands.
is is a smackdown of Victorian materialism and a defense of intangible things like beauty, which both hard-line industrial capitalists and liberal reformers would dismiss as “extra”–because they don’t have a monetary value and don’t satisfy a bodily need. On that level, I can certainly appreciate this speech; but it has to be said that it’s out of character and a propos of nothing. Paul cuts out the heart of this passage–everything from “All other things” to “an embellishment of life, not a condition of it”–and leaves us with pretty much pure sentiment, which exacerbates both problems.
Below the cut tag I’m going to talk mainly about the consequences of using “The Red Headed League” as a vehicle for introducing Moriarty. And also, of course, the many delightful moments it provides for our next-to-last look at the Brett and Burke team.
In other words, though by and large Watson doesn’t realize it, Holmes is training Watson. He’s involving Watson not just as his Boswell, but as his detective apprentice. And this is kind of huge. We’ve all always known Watson was the action guy– “Scandal in Bohemia” established that–but here, Skene departs from the story as written to show us Holmes teaching Watson how to solve the puzzle–and Watson eventually learning it.
), I sort of get it. A letter is a far more satisfying proxy for the beloved than electronic communication. You can
Continuing what seems to be a Hardwicke-era running gag about crappy food at country inns, Jeremy Paul’s script for “Shoscombe Old Place” sends Holmes and Watson to a remote country inn where the landlord proudly serves up a kettle of fresh fish stew. They both look into it; they look at each other; and Holmes says, “These are deep waters, Watson. Deep and rather dirty.”
Did I say that if you only watch one episode from the Brett/Burke era it should be “The Speckled Band?” That was MADNESS. You should NOT watch only one episode from this era, you should and you must watch BOTH “The Speckled Band” and “The Blue Carbuncle,” which may perhaps be Granada’s greatest gift to the fandom. I know it’s almost Easter; but honestly, any time you watch “The Blue Carbuncle,” it’s Christmas. The production values are generally pretty good: Victoriana is everywhere, all the guest stars seem to be bringing their A game, there are more extras running around in this episode than all of the earlier ones combined, and all in all it reminds me pleasantly of another vintage 1980s Christmas special, the George C. Scott A Christmas Carol. But the best thing about this episode is that we get to watch Holmes and Watson have Christmas together in 221B. All y’all who Johnlock and are constantly pining after cozy domestic scenes of the two of them making tea and wearing jumpers together, I just want you to know that “The Blue Carbuncle” has ALL of that, and it is as warm and beautiful and delicious as a slice of plum pudding isn’t.
–which is where it fell in the original order anyway–this would have been one of the great ones. Think about it. How much would you give to be able to watch “Blue Carbuncle”-era Brett and Burke do
Now, everyone loves this scene, and so do I. Woodley is such an asshole, and Holmes lays such a beatdown on him (physically and rhetorically), and the boxing part of it is credible enough to make it exciting. Woodley goes into it clearly thinking he’s going to make hash out of this pencil-necked geek, and it’s just so satisfying to watch training beat brute strength. “A gentleman uses the straight LEFT!” must be up there in the history of the great punch lines of British TV (har har). Even better is Holmes’s glowing self-satisfaction as he describes his triumph to Watson, who’s patching him up:
My nom de Internet was not chosen because I have a soft spot for snakes; it was a reference to the protagonist of the show
It absolutely baffles me that Moffat and Gatiss passed up the opportunity to do their take on “The Speckled Band.” It’s name-checked in “Scandal in Belgravia” in the title John gives one of Sherlock’s cases (”The Speckled Blonde”); but that’s all. As a story that feels very modern in some ways but is encumbered with Victorian Orientalism plus whatever it is that explains the 19th century British fascination with “gypsies,” and in which the H/W relationship game is pretty strong, you’d think it would be right in their wheelhouse. Well, never mind; Granada did one, and they did it right. There are of course some production values-related misfires. But the guest star playing Helen Stoner is a cut above; the creepiness is indeed creepy; and most of all, Brett and Burke make beautiful music together. And all of this gets even more affecting if you read “The Speckled Band,” as I do–and as I believe the whole production team does–as another story in which Helen Stoner was in more danger than Doyle was able to tell us about at the time.
OK, so I’m 48 and used to better special effects, but this still got me. There is a genuine little frisson of horror as you watch Rachel’s drowned corpse rise to the surface, becoming more recognizable every second. And that’s probably partly because of the growing dread we feel as poor Janet Tregellis approaches the edge of the lake–because we saw Rachel throw herself into it, but also because we’ve already been taught that this is the kind of thing that distraught women who’ve been abandoned by their lovers do:
I love the way he waggles Gibson’s letter at Watson, like, come and get it, you know you want it. Like this is his courtship ritual. “Note how this
So here’s the thing about the ending. In canon, what happens is that during their visit to the inn, Holmes figures out both that the boy is being held there by Wilder and that the Duke of Holdernesse knows this–because he’s at the inn with them. (Holmes finds this out by standing on Watson’s shoulders so he can get a look in the second floor window, a visual I am very sad to have been denied.) He then heads back to Holdernesse Hall for his final confrontation with the Duke, and this is my favorite part of the story, for reasons I explained above. Just look at how he gets past Wilder:
But none of that would prepare you for the plot Doyle creates for “Twisted Lip,” which he seems to have thought of as primarily a comic story. The basic premise is that Neville St. Clair, despite being educated and from a middle class background, has decided to become a professional beggar
For the first six episodes of this saga, Jeremy Brett was carrying this show. Of course he had a very talented accomplice in David Burke. But over and over in those early episode reviews I’d find myself telling the same story: this is riveting when Brett is on screen and boring, not to say ridiculous, when he’s not.
and we’re back to Dr. Watson’s Very Bad Day. And here, you know, I’m just going to admit that I would have enjoyed the Watson stuff in this episode more if it were still Burke. I can’t help it. But moving on: again, this episode can’t decide whether it’s comic or scary. Possibly the biggest problem this creates is the Big Reveal in Hugh Boone’s jail cell, where they honestly try to get menace and suspense and creepiness out of a freaking sponge:
. #1 involves stolen letters, #2 involves second stains, and #3 involves a London political power couple being saved from each other’s own unrealistic idealism–AND from a very delicate situation created by stolen letters–by their queer best friend. Oh, and it #3 also involves Jeremy Brett, because he played the abovenamed queer best friend in the 1969 BBC TV adaptation of
So at the end of the day, there is maybe some darkness hiding under all the holly. But overall, this rewatch was one of the happiest hours I’ve spent in front of the television. Or, in this case, computer screen.
I open this journal once more, not to record an adventure, but to impress a memory upon my heart. I wish, for the moment, that I had in my hands something more lasting than pencil and paper. In that dream world of which I can now sometimes catch the occasional glimpse, where everything is as one's heart desires it, this would not be a sheaf of paper but a copper plate on which to etch an intricate design, or marble in which to chisel an ideal form. But I belong to the humble world of mortal flesh and its immortal diseases, and must work with the tools within reach of my hands.
So you all know that I just routinely read Brett’s Holmes as gay. But here, you see what that means in a completely new context. He is not only
. The red herring about Sam Brewer’s disappearance is a good move in that it camouflages the real issues for a little bit longer than the story does. (Let me just point out that in the canon story, instead of “in debt,” Doyle repeatedly has everyone say “in the hands of the Jews.” Like, every time. Thanks, Doyle.)
My eyes were dry, my tone carefree; no traces of the anger this morning's anger could possibly remain upon my face. How, then, did he know? How did he always know?
’s standards and practices, he refers to this possibility as “the worst fate that can befall a woman.” That’s also one of the things Carruthers obviously thinks he’s protecting Violet from by following her on her rides back and forth to the train station. Like a lot of male attempts to “protect” women, however, this is really just endangerment in disguise; in order to keep her near him, he keeps her vulnerable to Woodley. As the solitary cyclist–or, as we would put it, stalker–he becomes an embodiment of the danger he tells himself he’s protecting her from. Which shows you how messed up patriarchal logic is; but at least it means that Violet finally has something concrete she can ask Holmes to investigate, apart from her vague intuitions that something about this situation is pretty fucked up.
But in fact, the montage that represents Holmes’s RPD hallucinations isn’t vastly disappointing. It’s fucking DISASTROUS. It is a catastrophic cinematic fail. This is not only the worst part of this episode, it is the worst part of ANY of the episodes I have yet seen, and I’m including all of “Resident Patient.” It’s a mishmash of unconvincing 80s horror cliches, fake blood, crude attempts at visual distortion and disorientation, trippy closeups of Jeremy Brett’s goggle-eyed stare of horror, and–for some reason–random William Blake engravings:
Holmes’s dressing-down of Watson after his first (in this series anyway) solo assignment is a classic moment, in ACD canon and in this adaptation. But Holmes also clearly has a few things to learn. In fact, all the men drawn into Violet Smith’s orbit seem to have a habit of bungling things at critical moments. And yet, despite all this masculine incompetence, Violet Smith is still in real danger, because that’s what life is like when you’re a single woman trying to support yourself and your widowed mother in a world where men are pretty much never held accountable for the way they treat women.
. I recommend it to the curious. But of course that’s not all there is to “The Empty House,” and that piece doesn’t take up the BIG question, asked by some of my loyal readers in response to
Does that look like a blazing hot day in August to you? It does not. T. R. Bowen, who brought us “Abbey Grange,” “Priory School,” “Frances Carfax,” “Hound of the Baskervilles,” and “Eligible Bachelor,” has decided in his wisdom to take what is certainly the most gruesome of the early short stories–a case which was considered too horrifying to include in the early collections–and make it a Christmas episode. It’s possible that this change was dictated to him from above; but until enlightened by the better-informed, I prefer to see it as malicious yet effective way of making a horrifying story just a little bit sicker.
how long he was going to be writing Sherlock Holmes stories, he would never have married Watson off. Doyle had zero interest in Watson’s marriage from a character development point of view; in ACD canon after
Honestly he looks like he is on the way to a Victorian-themed BDSM party. Even worse, the director decided to do a whole Blindfold Motif thing:
But in Marlowe’s adaptation, Holmes starts judging Sophia as soon as they get to the house. “One wonders,” he says, “with how little remorse” Sophia abandoned her brother to his fate. He’s even harsher with her in the train compartment. And when, after she’s led off in handcuffs into the mist, Watson asks what will become of her, Holmes says, “Nothing. It’s not a crime to have a cold heart without a single shred of compassion.” And then, for no reason, Watson walks off in the opposite direction so that Holmes can disappear into the mist, like the lonely, misogynistic, cynical hardboiled detective he has suddenly become.
, with its twenty-first century setting, you can dispense with all that–or with something like the Robert J. Downey films, where the setting is nominally Victorian but the production is so clearly post-
fan, so for me the bar is not high. There are worse notes on which this show could have gone out. And after the vast disappointments of “Mazarin Stone,” it’s nice to have Brett back–even not at full capacity–so that you can say a proper goodbye.
The fire had burnt low, and the darkness strove now with the light. From the half-shadow, I heard Holmes's voice, low and soft and almost dreaming.
All this is just to say that although you wouldn’t call this a good episode, and although it’s now clear that Brett’s illness is affecting his performance, and though this is based on what I would say is the Actual Worst Story In The Sherlock Holmes Canon And That’s Up Against Some Stiff Competition, there is something interesting to watch in “Three Gables.” If “Eligible Bachelor” is about mental illness, “Three Gables” is preoccupied with aging. Both Langdale Pike–pictured above in one of those window-reflection shots that director Peter Hammond is so freaking enamored of–and Holmes’s adversary Isadora Klein are creatures of fashion who are aging out of the cult of youth and beauty that created the rarefied atmosphere in which they flourish. The strongest thing about this episode, whether it was intentional or simply unavoidable, is the way Holmes’s interactions with them confront him and us with some uncomfortable but inescapable truths about what it means to be mortal.
, which is its failure to honestly and courageously grapple with the topic it chose, viz., mental illness. Though I don’t know anything about how this script was written or how this episode got made–others will, I’m sure, enlighten in the comments–it seems to me that what’s happened here is that the skeleton of “The Noble Bachelor” has been made the foundation of an almost completely unrelated story about Holmes’s fear that his own mind is unraveling under the pressures of his work–especially the many, many cases he’s taken up over the years which are dedicated to protecting women from male violence. Again, it seems to me as a viewer that this episode can’t possibly
Holmes acts as if he’s always mildly horrified by Langdale and the fashionable set with which he mingles; but Langdale thinks he knows better, and his insinuating “tittle for tattle” game is full of flirtation and invitation. interestingly, Langdale’s name evokes an immediate spasm of disgust from Watson. Holmes can see himself in Langdale; but the parts of himself he sees there are things with which Watson can have no sympathy. So while Holmes navigates the fancy-dress ball, Watson is in his own native element, digging through grandma Maberley’s attic and sharing her nostalgia for a less complicated and painful past.
…and then storms off, while Brett gives the most priceless look at the camera, murmuring, “Maybe I’ll see you tomorrow?” and then casting an exasperated glance heavenward as the door slams. In general, Holmes’s snark game is strong in this one–it’s good for him to have Lestrade back–and it carries us through a lot of this episode. Sure enough, Watson is in tow when they reach Presbury’s house, and Holmes feels confident enough to air a little of their business as they head up the stairs to Edith’s window: “I’m glad to see you’re more yourself today; you were a veritable BEAR last night.” When Holmes has is epiphany over the Evening Standard in the middle of the night, he goes clomping up the stairs shouting for Watson, thus reassuring us that in fact they’re still living together (in the canon story, they’re not). Watson, meanwhile, bitches about the task he’s been given but does it anyway. My favorite moment for Watson, actually, is when Holmes says it’s time to go back to Dorak’s shop to kick some ass, and Watson says he’ll be delighted. He’s so looking forward to watching Holmes deal with those jackasses who threatened him.
of this episode is good; and pretty much all the good has to do with the way Chapman writes the Great Partnership. As in “Illustrious Client,” Chapman rescues the relationship from the wretched state into which it has deteriorated in the canon story. Surely this is the saddest paragraph in all of Watson’s narration:
But then, I thought, I never liked “Musgrave Ritual” either; let’s see if they can make something of this one.
Well, no one could have known at the beginning that treating Brett’s bipolar disorder would one day take such a huge toll on his body, or that the fluid retention caused by the medication would aggravate what would turn out to be a fatal heart condition. But all of these things did happen. And so by the time they did make
of what happened. So when Holmes sees this, it’s not a flashback. He’s not remembering something he experienced. He is, for the first time,
However, I find his exposition of Moran’s motive, which Hawkesworth has generously transferred from Holmes to Watson, quite charming–in part because Holmes is so genuinely pleased and (I believe) kind of turned on by Watson’s deductive stylings. So although I still grieve for the Brett/Burke Reunion That Wasn’t, I am on board with the Brett/Hardwicke team for further adventures. Just please, for the love of God, keep the combat scenes to a minimum.
Paul obviously realized that the best thing about “Thor Bridge” is watching Holmes teach Gibson this very lesson. So instead of having Gibson just take a walk around the block and then come back to Baker Street, as in the canon story, Paul expands the antagonistic stage of Gibson and Holmes’s relationship. Gibson does not in fact come back that day; and this gives us the novel opportunity of watching Holmes starting to fear that his bluff has, for once, failed. He’s so upset with himself for losing the first decent case he’s had in months…and then Watson saves him by pointing out that Dunbar is really the one who needs help, and offering to help wangle them a meeting with her. Their confrontation in Dunbar’s cell, though entirely invented by Paul, fits in seamlessly with the rest of the episode and is delightful to watch. Also delightful (and invented by Paul) is the moment where Gibson’s secretary finally comes around to the museum to invite Holmes down to Thor Bridge and Holmes asks if they’re going to send the motorcar for him. Demand the finest, honey! You’re worth it!
That’s Moriarty’s hand up top; he’s studying a map of Saxe-Coburg square because he’s the mastermind behind the bank job that the Red-Headed League is a cover for. And that hand down below is Watson’s, drawing a map of the same location on the 221B chalkboard.
But there are also some major deviations from canon, especially toward the end. I can only speculate about why–but below the cut tag, I will. The short story is that it appears to me that the adaptation, done by T. R. Bowen of “Abbey Grange” fame, seems to be more protective of young Lord Saltire than Doyle was. And yet, Bowen’s changes also rehabilitate the boy’s extremely culpable father. It raises some interesting questions about what we’re really doing when we say we’re ‘fixing’ something from canon.
. THAT’S why I don’t like him. Anyway, so in addition to not being able to make up his mind about whether Edith really saw anything or whether he wants Holmes on the case, Bennett conceals vital information, which Holmes then has to extract for himself. And yet, at the same time, there is less mystery, because the solution is constantly being telegraphed. All the sets are filled with references to apes. Professor Presbury’s study is full of ape specimens. He gives a lecture on apes which Holmes attends. Holmes fills 221b with books about apes. Chapman invents a subplot in which Lestrade is investigating a gang which is stealing primates from local zoos. (Good to see Colin Jeavons back at last, even if it’s only for this.) The whole episode is screaming, “APE. HE’S AN APE. THAT MOTHERFUCKER IS AN APE-MAN. IF YOU ARE WONDERING WHAT IT IS THAT HE’S BECOMING, LET ME SUGGEST TO YOU THAT IT MIGHT BE AN APE.”
. And this little scene here, in which Watson comes downstairs for breakfast and finds Holmes staring despondently into space, is kind of a touchstone for me.
But the best thing about this episode is that we get to watch Holmes and Watson have Christmas together in 221B. All y’all who Johnlock and are constantly pining after cozy domestic scenes of the two of them making tea and wearing jumpers together, I just want you to know that “The Blue Carbuncle” has ALL of that, and it is as warm and beautiful and delicious as a slice of plum pudding isn’t.
The Victorian crisis over the theory of evolution actually pre-dates Darwin; by 1893 people had come up with some strategies for reconciling it with the existence of God, and this is one of them: there must be a divine creator superintending the process, or we wouldn’t get these beautiful things like roses that have no apparent utilitarian purpose. Now, to call this a
For kicks, I recently re-read “The Lion’s Mane,” which is just so much worse than I even remembered (for starters, Holmes the master of observation and deduction fails to infer that the victim met his death in the water because he evidently couldn’t tell from a visual inspection that the dude was WET). Everyone has their things about ACD canon that they want to reject. For a lot of people it’s Watson’s first marriage. But I find myself far more distressed by Watson’s *second* marriage, late in the game, to a woman never even vouchsafed a name. Mary Morstan, I can deal with. It’s a sad story all round but at least Holmes and Watson have each other after Watson’s double bereavement is over. Now I have to imagine Holmes retiring to the Sussex Downs ALONE? Are you trying to KILL ME?
s Irene Adler’s theory that disguise is always a self-portrait. Huddled up despondently in his blankets by the fire, drinking tea out of a cracked cup, and responding submissively whenever the sailor he’s talking to bares his teeth, Holmes is re-enacting the misery of his morning funk, only without Watson’s company and moral support.
It was always my intention, after finishing the rewatch, to write up a post about why Jeremy Brett was the definitive 20th century Sherlock Holmes. But every time I start such a post, I think, oh what’s the point, it’s all already been said, by myself even, and anyway there’s too much. I’ve formulated a hypothesis, though, which is that if I can explain why Brett’s interaction with paper is so important to my enjoyment of this show, I will probably in the process be demonstrating what it was that made his Sherlock Holmes so unique and indelible. So follow me, friends, while I unfold my crackpot theories about the romance of the material text and how it binds us to the Master Paper-Handler.
This is a brilliant episode for character development, and all three actors make the most of the opportunity. In ACD canon, “The Six Napoleons” marks a major shift in the way Holmes and Lestrade interact. The adaptation takes this farther, finally making Lestrade a real character and laying, one could argue, the foundation for Greg Lestrade’s character and his relationship with Sherlock on Sherlock. Granada’s “Empty House” establishes that during the Hiatus, Lestrade and Watson developed their own working relationship, and in this episode they both follow Holmes around like residents following the attending. Holmes obviously really enjoys the extra attention, and it spurs him to new heights of histrionics that are quite entertaining and by this time quite familiar. But it’s the final conversation between Holmes and Lestrade at the end of this episode that makes it worth sitting through all the BS about Italians. At that point, this episode becomes truly extraordinary. You would think that by this point in the series you’d have pretty much seen everything Brett could do with this character. But you would be wrong.
If you’re only going to watch one episode from the Brett/Burke era, this is the one. “The Speckled Band” is, first of all, one of the best Holmes stories Doyle ever wrote, despite the fact that it is riddled with unfortunate factual errors. While the mystery itself is exciting enough, it’s also pretty clear that there’s more going on beneath the surface. Dr. Roylott is up there with Moriarty and Charles Augustus Milverton as one of the truly memorable villains of ACD canon. The story is set before Watson’s marriage–the conceit is that Watson held off on publishing it until Helen Stoner (later Armitage) died–and it famously starts with Holmes in Watson’s bedroom, waking him up at an ungodly hour of the morning. This story helps lay the foundation for Action Hero Holmes, and also establishes Holmes as someone who, while he still takes no romantic interest in women, is always ready to risk life and limb to assist a lady in need. The atmosphere of horror and suspense stands up better for modern readers than it does in many another.
And this irritates me. I think Daddy Holmes should have left Sherlock the magnifying glass. Mycroft does not exactly cover himself with glory in this episode, after all; he spends much of it following a red herring down to a completely gratuitous Women’s Suffrage meeting, where he blusters about what nonsense and poppycock it all is. (Once again, we discover in a bad Granada Holmes episode an early version of something bonkers that shows up in an episode of
“Priory School” is very entertaining, with a lot of action, interesting locations, and–in addition to some great scenes from Holmes–the added amusement of seeing Holmes and Watson on horseback and bicycle. There is also an attempt at some artistry on the part of the director, which I always appreciate.  But there are also some major deviations from canon, especially toward the end. The short story is that it appears to me that the adaptation, done by T. R. Bowen of “Abbey Grange” fame, seems to be more protective of young Lord Saltire than Doyle was. And yet, Bowen’s changes also rehabilitate the boy’s extremely culpable father. It raises some interesting questions about what we’re really doing when we say we’re ‘fixing’ something from canon.
, if you will—for Holmes and Watson. It starts early in the morning, as Watson heads off to do some Christmas shopping, and ends at midnight as the bells ring in Christmas day. Everything about their part of this episode is a source of delight, from the moment Mrs. Hudson busts in to roust an extremely startled and displeased Holmes out of bed to the moment they sit down to their very late supper. Holmes starts the day in glorious disarray. He’s apparently slept in his dressing-gown or lab coat or whatever that is; literally the first thing he does after telling Mrs. Hudson to “go away” is to reach for a cigarette; and he is in the act of sneaking out to the sitting room to look for matches when Peterson surprises him and forces poor Holmes to have a client consultation with terrible (yet inviting) bedhead and in what are basically his pajamas. Holmes doing his best to be polite to Peterson while he rambles on about his goose and hat adventure, while once or twice nearly falling asleep, is just a treat to watch; but it’s just the beginning. Holmes is sort of coming into focus and starting to take an interest in the situation as he shoos Peterson and the goose out—he keeps sniffing his fingers, I suppose because of the lime cream from the hat lining. He nevertheless goes back to bed; but then he pops out to take a look at the hat and…I’ll just do the gif:
Watson warns his future flatmate that he has a dog; but it’s never heard from again, and the RDJ adaptation is the only one I can recall where Watson’s “bull pup” actually appears. Apart from that, when a dog is introduced into a Sherlock Holmes story, it’s a good bet that Watson’s going to wind up shooting it later, probably because it’s trying to kill someone (“Copper Beeches,”
"I would burnish all the iron in Charles's rusting diadem," Holmes said, as his hands rose into the air. His fingers danced, gently, lovingly, along invisible strands of wire. "I would lace it with the gold from that wretched coronet. I would set the thirty-nine beryls--or thirty-six, or three, no matter--in a ring around the band. The black pearl, I would fix in the center, with the blue carbuncle flashing on its left hand and a Bohemian emerald blazing on its right."
In my last review I mentioned that I’ve never really liked “Bruce Partington Plans.” But I found the episode so delightful that I had to go back and look at it…and now I can’t understand how I could ever have maligned it so. HOW could I have failed to appreciate the story of Holmes and Watson’s very first amateur burglary? Or the story where Holmes tells Watson to write him down an ass? (Dogberry,
This is so bizarrely out of context for “The Six Napoleons” that I initially assumed I must have opened the wrong window or started it in the middle or something. No…this is our production team setting the scene for the tale of passion, lust, vengeance, and murder that follows. Doyle contented himself with making the Venuccis a family of small-time criminals, possibly with Mafia connections, but mainly focused on the theft and sale of the Black Pearl of the Borgias. John Kane, our adapter, apparently decided to expand this into a miniature Leoncavallo opera by positing a romance between Lucretia Venucci (it’s the black pearl of the BORGIAS, see) and Beppo, the workman who hides the pearl in the bust of Napoleon. By the way, Lucretia is played in this episode by someone I am quite familiar with, but shockingly did not recognize at all:
that anachronism is just part of the aesthetic. Granada’s mission was to be faithful to canon; and “The Final Problem” is just always going to test that faith. Hawkesworth evidently understood the dangers, because he dramatized both this one and “The Red Headed League” himself. Like most fans, he tries to fix it. Some of it works and some of it doesn’t. But one thing it does get right, consistently, is the note of DOOM sounded in the title. From the very beginning, this episode is about Holmes being hunted down by inexorable death; and although the production may go a teensy bit over the top with that, Brett makes Holmes’s journey from terror to acceptance very effective. And although, as I will discuss below, this episode does identify some of David Burke’s limitations as an actor, ultimately I have to say that we do feel Watson’s grief; and I’m going to miss David Burke all over again.
He doesn’t really want them; he wants the credit for destroying them. And so it’s actually a very clever touch that he throws vitriol on Kitty because she refuses to look at the book with him. The one thing she did that enraged him was to decline to participate in her own humiliation, or to gloat over the humiliation of the women who had come before her. He attacks her physically because her refusal to look at the book shows that despite his best efforts, he hasn’t been able to corrupt and degrade her to his own satisfaction.
: he ends the Blue Carbuncle’s trail of blood by taking it out of circulation. The fact that, in the Granada adaptation, we see it going into the same drawer that contains his syringe emphasizes the ways in which the stone’s possibly magical power over people simulates some of the effects of addiction. So he may be doing a public service; but he is also, possibly, feeding an illicit but irresistible desire.
And so when he apologizes, and says that this experience was “an unjustifiable experiment even for one’s self, and doubly so for a friend,” it’s not just about the poison. It’s about the Fall. Holmes finally understands enough about what he did to offer a truly meaningful apology. This is the moment that the gulf between them closes, and the relationship is truly repaired. And I only wish they would have stayed with Hardwicke a little longer to let us watch this sink in for Watson.
The adaptation treats this very differently. Holmes’s experiment is presented as a return to the self-destructive craving for stimulation that’s now clearly a threat to his life. There are numerous visual cues that prime the modern viewer (the 1988 viewer, anyway) to read this as an analogy for Holmes’s drug use, which is a metaphor for the same death drive. The white powder, the spoon, and the burner evoke other TV representations of people preparing heroin for injection. Unlike in canon, and as with the drug use, Watson protests loudly and calls this “insane.” And yet, as with the drug use, Watson can’t talk him out of it and winds up becoming a party to it, because he’s afraid that left to himself, Holmes is going to kill himself doing this.
Holmes gets that. He accepts Violet’s right to make her own decision about taking the job; he does tell her he thinks it’s dangerous but he doesn’t try to talk her out of going. He agrees to act as her back-up, promising to come down to help if sent for. When Violet reports to him on her investigation, Holmes approves: “You seem to have acted all through this matter as a very brave and sensible girl, Miss Hunter.” Holmes is content to play out the role that, conditions being what they are, Violet can’t play herself: defending her and the victim against the villain’s violence.
But after this conversation, we see some signs that Holmes is starting to understand Watson’s position. He buries the syringe, thus finally kicking (at least till their Cornwall holiday is over) the habit Watson has been after him to stop from day one. But more important, he learns how to live without constant external stimulation. He lets himself just
Mrs. Plaidder is signed up to one of those word-of-the-day alerts from some online dictionary, and the day they dished this one up she seized it and embraced it to her bosom as if it were a long-lost child. Until she discovered this word, she was unable to articulate it; but she is in fact a haptic person, with a predilection for the sense of touch. Haptic people get joy out of touching things–especially, it seems, things made by the hands of other people. I mean we have pottery in the house that we bought mainly because Mrs. Plaidder likes to hold it. This probably also explains why we took about eight semesters of Introduction to Wheel Throwing at the local art center in the last city we lived in. But I digress.
"To Sir George Burnville, undoubtedly," he replied, sadly. "He is one of those to whom a jewel is simply a highly concentrated form of currency."
So all this is great for Kitty. She stows away on the back of Watson’s cab, acting completely independently of Holmes and Watson; and her vitriol-throwing, while still very Woman Scorned, is now reciprocal: she turns on him the weapon he used against her. Props to the production team, BTW, for finding a credible way to do the vitriol throwing. Much more effective to show the painting melting under the acid than to attempt to represent the vitriol-ravaged Baron’s face. It also saves Holmes some embarrassment. In the canon story, Holmes takes Kitty along with him, and later protests total ignorance of her intentions–even though he mentions that he could see she was carrying something very carefully under her cloak. “How could I have known” what was in it, he asks. YOU ARE SHERLOCK HOLMES. THAT’S HOW. Indeed, in the canon story, one has to conclude either that Holmes really is slipping–or that he knew damn well what was in that vial, and he was using Kitty to punish Gruner the same way he used the swamp adder to punish Roylott.
are turned over to the authorities (and Tonga is killed). “Boscombe Valley” is the first murder case in
Watching this adaptation again, I was struck by how much this story sort of predicts the hardboiled detective phenomenon. Holmes doesn’t take this case because he thinks it’s the right thing to do; he takes it because he needs the work. The need is partly financial–”There’s money in this case, Watson, if there’s nothing else,” he says, as he watches the King’s horses and carriage pull up–and partly psychological. The adapters have transplanted to the beginning of this episode a chunk of the opening of
much in this one, my exposure to Sherlock does make me more interested in the question Hammond and his mirrors raise in “Wisteria Lodge”: When is a motif a symbol, and when is it just a trick? In other words, as the viewer, can we really tell the difference between something intended to create meaning, and something the director just happens to think is a cool effect? And does it really matter?
This is a problem inherited from the original story, where Holmes says contradictory things about what he plans to do with the stone. First he says he’s dropping a line to the Countess of Morcar to say that he has it. Then he says he’s going to keep it “in my private museum.” This has been driving Holmes fans nuts for decades. Peterson’s the one who found it; he’s owed a one thousand pound reward; is Holmes just going to keep him from it? If Holmes told the Countess of Morcar he had it, how’s he planning to keep it? What’s he planning to tell her? Isn’t the stone evidence of Horner’s innocence, and wouldn’t it help his case to turn it over? Why the everloving figgypudding would Holmes just…steal it?
Jeremy Brett, by this point in the filming schedule, had just become too sick to work. I was tipped off about this in advance by
Holmes’s decision to let Turner go takes place in what I would argue is a significantly different context from the one provided by the ACD canon story, and that makes it more interesting and more poignant to me. In the canon story, as I said, this is the first time Holmes has ever done something like this, and he’s nervous about it. Before Turner shows up, he makes a production of asking Watson to weigh in on his dilemma:
circa “The Great Game.” Holmes makes a big deal about Watson’s decision to consult the house agents for information instead of going down to the local pub and getting all the dirt; Watson snarks back at him about it after Holmes decides to go down there and do it right.
But Watson isn’t actually there–because of course, since he’s not narrating now, he doesn’t have to be. This is, again, not a
So, when I started this I did promise these writeups would be enjoyable even for peopel who don’t watch
Anyway, Cranky Old Plaidder is capable of critical distance at this point, and so in re-watching “The Final Problem” I had a weird kind of double consciousness about it. Young Plaidder is still in there somewhere, basically just crying. Cranky Old Plaidder can’t help thinking about “The Final Problem” as a perennial problem for adapters.
Though this was never explicitly stated and though I wouldn’t have put it to myself this way at the time, this was the first same-sex relationship I’d ever seen explored on TV. And here you have one man taking care of another, quietly, during one of the thousands of little crises that you and your partner, whoever you may be, will inevitably live through over ten or twenty or thirty years. Later adaptations–the Robert Downey Jr. films,
But, as I think I said in my review of “Bruce Partington Plans,” one of the consequences of Hawkesworth’s indifference to publication order is that Holmes can never quite take Watson for granted no matter how long they’ve been together. Brett’s Holmes always seems to be really anxious about whether Watson will accept these invitations; and yet at the same time, he also knows that Watson’s never once turned him down. In “Boscombe Valley” the little courtship dance we see in that telegram is drawn out until its workings become obvious to both Watson and the viewer.
"No," I said. "The only subject that could require richer color, et cetera, than a gem worth half of the Countess of Morcar's fortune...is you."
Linking the vitriol attack to the Secret Book is a clever move on Chapman’s part, not only because it makes the revelation of the Secret Book’s existence more dramatic, but because it emphasizes something which is only latent in the canon story–which is that Baron Gruner is basically a proto-serial killer. That book he’s pasting Violet’s picture into is no different, fundamentally, from the unbelievably pretentious journal that Paul Spector is keeping of his victims in
Hawkesworth’s dramatization allows for you to choose either or both theories (they are not after all incompatible). Holmes does sincerely seem to be trying to shake Moriarty during the train journey (imagine: there was a time when you could just hire your own train). But there are two occasions when Holmes spots suspicious people who are obviously following them and lies to Watson about it. Maybe he doesn’t want Watson to worry about him; maybe he doesn’t want Watson to figure out that he’s trying to assassinate his arch-enemy. Either way, over the course of the trip, Holmes loses that hunted and haunted look he had back in London after the three assassination attempts. With every one of these near misses, he gets closer to being ready for his last bow.
), this is what would naturally occur to a guy who does not like to wait for results. Doyle did a similar experiment on himself with gelseminum, and wrote it up as an article. Holmes takes what Doyle would have considered sensible precautions: he ensures proper ventilation, reduces the dose, and uses the buddy system. The fact that it nearly kills both of them anyway is really a testament to the astonishing toxicity of this particular substance, though Holmes does berate himself afterwards for having ever thought this was a good idea.
I gave him my other hand. He continued to gaze at me with eyes liquid with longing. But a new note crept into his voice.
“The Crooked Man,” as a story, poses a lot of challenges for the adaptor, the main one being maintaining the viewer’s interest. Arthur Shaughnessy, who wrote the screenplay, rose to some of those challenges and not to others. Ultimately, this episode turns out to be a pretty good demonstration of the major strengths and weaknesses of the Granada team. That this adaptation does nothing to mitigate the orientalism, the jingoism, and the Victorian attitudes about disability that are baked into Doyle’s story is one issue. But the main problem–not unrelated, I would argue, to the first one–is that the farther into the episode you get, the more boring it becomes.
Anyway, so, that’s all fun and very entertaining, and you have to love the shots of them both out on the moors:
because this series was obviously an influence on that show; but these posts should still be enjoyable and accessible to people with no knowledge of
Look, I understand, you sent the production assistants out to scour the country for monkey-related Victoriana, and they did a bang-up job with it and I’m sure they were very excited. I’m sure they must have thought this thing was the biggest score EVER, I know everyone must have been oohing and aahing over it, once you’ve found a wind-up music box hookah-smoking kitsch monkey I can see you’d want to use it, but you see that whole simianization thing that I was talking about is all over this thing like…oh…well…never mind, I’ll just…
While I was watching the opening credits of one of the earlier episodes, a few days ago, my 9 year old daughter came to watch over my shoulder. “What’s this?” she said. I explained. “Looks boring,” she replied, and walked away.
“The Priory School,” as a story, was not a favorite of mine as a youth; but I went back to it recently when I was writing “
The “second stain” idea is something Doyle has used before in “Abbey Grange,” where (in canon; they left this out of the adaptation) one of the clues that Lady Brackenstall’s story is wack is that there are flecks of Sir Eustace’s blood on the seat of the chair to which she was supposedly tied during the murder. Holmes notes that if they examined Lady B’s dress from that evening they’d probably find a corresponding stain. This takes us back to our old friend
, before starting work on the “Adventures.” Granada Holmes was different because it went back to the text, instead of to the earlier adaptations, for its source–and because Brett rediscovered there a protagonist who threw himself into his work body and soul, just the way Brett did.
Holmes confidently assures Williamson and Woodley that “a forced marriage is no marriage, but a very serious felony;” but Holmes fans have been skeptical of this assertion from way back. At least as late as the eighteenth century, the mere fact that the woman had not consented to the marriage was not enough to invalidate it under English law. From the fact that forced marriage was only criminalized in the UK in 2014, it would appear that Holmes’s confidence was misplaced. In any case, historically, the most effective way for the perpetrator of a forced marriage to prevent the victim from challenging it legally was to rape her afterward, which ruined her ‘value’ in the marriage market and thereby made her family less likely to fight to get her back. This is clearly what Carruthers fears Woodley is planning to do to Violet; but due to Victorian sensibilities and no doubt the
All right. So the other thing I love about this episode is just how at home with each other Holmes and Watson are throughout. Lots of unspoken communication, lots of working as a team without talking about it, and a fair number of indications that this is turning into something more than an intimate friendship. When Roylott busts in and demands to know which one of them is Holmes, you can see Watson about to speak up and then Holmes interrupt him and draw Roylott’s fire; you can also see Watson literally jump out of his seat ready to fight once Roylott picks up the poker. Before waking Watson up, Holmes treats himself to a good long look at Watson in bed; the low-key battle over whether they’re going to make time for food or not has become so routinized that it makes them seem like they’ve already been married for 20 years; Holmes seems almost childishly pleased at the prospect of a weekend getaway for the two of them as he reminds Watson to bring his toothbrush; they have a cute little moment down on their hands and knees together as Watson tries to apply Holmes’s methods and both of them realize he’s accomplishing nothing; it’s just all so easy and so intimate and just exactly what you come to Granada Holmes for. The syringe is nowhere in sight. There’s a great moment when Holmes gets down to look at the floorboards with the magnifying glass and Helen looks over at Watson like, “What is the matter with him?” and Watson just gives her this little nod: it’s OK, don’t worry, this is normal. And of course there’s the famous train car scene, where they’re both so eager to get into each other’s space as they share information. It provides a much-needed countervibe to the creepiness of what’s going on with Helen and Roylott, as if their happiness is riding to the rescue of Helen’s misery. This is the way I always write it when I can: the drama is in the story, not in the relationship.
I really tried very hard to go into this episode with an open mind, even though I knew it was written by Derek Marlowe, the man who thought it was a good idea to end “The Greek Interpreter” with a 20-minute chase scene on a train. I was excited for it, even, because I had never actually seen it before–which surprised me, because I really thought I’d seen all of the Brett and Burke episodes. Imagine my joy when I discovered there was a whole new one that was as yet unknown to me! Even if it was written by Derek Marlowe!
This is exactly what I need at this juncture in my life. My president is a lunatic, my country is in chaos, the planet is frying, and Granada Holmes is going to get me through it all. In addition to its many beauties, Granada Holmes takes me back to my adolescence, a time which was very troubled for me when I was living through it, but which in retrospect seems like paradise. Jeremy Brett was my first TV Holmes. I love
You may remember her as Aunt Petunia from the Harry Potter films; for me her most indelible role will always be as Mrs. Nugent in
Ah well, it’s only a theory and I can’t prove it. But the point is: mirror shots proliferate so much in this episode that at the end of the day I have to believe that at least some of this was just a directorial flourish that had less to do with the story being told than with Hammond’s personal style. And it’s not that I mind–it’s nice that he HAS a style–but it’s a salutary reminder that not every pattern is deeply meaningful. Sometimes, all a motif means is that the director thought it was pretty.
and thanking him for what he’s done for them. He’s only just now understanding how much he’s always wanted that. And yet he is also understanding how dangerous it would be for him to get used to it.
and in fact I saw a lot of ways in which Bowen’s adaptation brings this story into close relationship with “Solitary Cyclist.” I will be talking about that behind ye olde ‘read more’ tag. In this version of “Frances Carfax,” we see Holmes and Watson once again kicking into overdrive to try to save a woman from destruction at the hands of a male predator; but it doesn’t work out so very well this time around. Each of the three men in this image is driven, at some point in this episode, to say, “I blame myself.” And on one level, they should. But on another level, it’s really not their fault. In this story, they’re in a universe where the rules Holmes and Watson played by in “Solitary Cyclist” no longer work–because, despite some of the things Bowen’s done to it, this story is still much more pessimistic about female agency than “Solitary Cyclist” was.
series from the 1980s, starring Jeremy Brett as Holmes and David Burke/Edward Hardwicke as Watson, and
Let me introduce those of you yet unfamiliar with it to a vital but neglected word. Here’s the definition given in Merriam-Webster Online:
So on their final trip to Farnham, Holmes has kind of already put himself in the detective doghouse; and then he finds out he’s miscalculated the timing. At that point, he and Watson are basically at the same level, effectiveness-wise; and from here on in they’re relying on each other. The other great moment in this episode is when Holmes tells Watson to go stop a spooked and runaway horse, and Watson just goes out and does it, while Holmes watches him go and says, “Good man!” Watson and Holmes sort of take turns chewing out Carruthers during the final explanation scene. Back in 221B, Holmes enjoys pulling the same ‘deduction’ trick on Watson that Watson played on him with Hilton Cubitt’s appearance in “Dancing Men” (pretending to have deduced something when in fact you have prior information about it). And of course his chemical experiment solves whatever’s going on with John Vincent Hound, but fills the entire flat with smoke and calls the fire brigade.
. In “Dancing Men,” it was Holmes drawing on the board and Watson studying it; here, it’s Watson drawing the layout of the bank and its environs on the board, with Holmes studying it. Someone put some thought into creating this nice little bookend for the apprenticeship narrative. Even more nifty is the fact that we get to this scene via a dissolve from this:
But sometimes, you can’t blame the boring on that alone. “The Crooked Man,” as a story, poses a lot of challenges for the adaptor, the main one being maintaining the viewer’s interest. Arthur Shaughnessy, who wrote the screenplay, rose to some of those challenges and not to others. Ultimately, this episode turns out to be a pretty good demonstration of the major strengths and weaknesses of the Granada team. That this adaptation does nothing to mitigate the orientalism, the jingoism, and the Victorian attitudes about disability that are baked into Doyle’s story is one issue. But the main problem–not unrelated, I would argue, to the first one–is that the farther into the episode you get, the more boring it becomes.
The indefatigable antikythera42 tells me that “Abbey Grange” was actually filmed before “Empty House,” to give Hardwicke and Brett time to establish an on-screen relationship before diving into the Big Feels. Strangely, I find that I enjoyed both Hardwicke’s performance and their chemistry better in “Abbey Grange” than I did in “Empty House.” The lesson here, maybe, is that the Fall/Return episodes are just harder on the Watson; as I said in my review of “Final Problem,” Burke’s performance in that one isn’t uniformly convincing either. Or, maybe I just need an episode to warm up to the new guy.
I really enjoyed “Abbey Grange,” partly because of the interesting choices made by Trevor Bowen in the adaptation. In addition to following the Everything’s Better With More Watson rule most admirably, Bowen makes some changes regarding Holmes’s interactions with Lady Brackenstall. Bowen seems to have conceived of Lady Brackenstall (nee Mary Fraser) as the protagonist, and he spends a lot of time developing her and dramatizing her backstory. In the process, he generates some really interesting new material for Watson. And since I just had the experience of contrasting the Granada return with the Sherlock return, I could not help think of this adaptation as a really interesting example of how you can center a heterosexual relationship and a female character in a narrative without abjecting the queer characters who share it. Which is a thing that some more modern adapters have abjectly failed to do, naming no Moffats or Gatisses. In “Abbey Grange,” the fact that Holmes winds up playing fairy godmother to a different Mary and a different John (no lie, that is the name that “Jack” is a diminutive of) in no way erodes his own autonomy and dignity, and ultimately both strengthens and complicates his bond with Watson.
There seems to be a loss of intensity in the Holmes/Watson relationship. Holmes and Watson spend a lot of this episode apart, as they do in “Eligible Bachelor” and “Last Vampyre.” Although Watson has plenty to do–back in “Master Blackmailer” they started having Watson do some of the interviews, and I think at this point we can say it was partly to make things easier on Brett–Holmes’s reaction to Watson’s beating struck me as strange. Holmes shows more upset and agitation about it in his scenes with Mrs. Hudson and Isadora Klein than he does in his scenes with Watson; and although that’s not totally out of character, I was expecting more from their reunion at the Three Gables. Maybe Brett intended for there to be more. But for whatever reason, that drifting-apart that everyone so successfully fought in “Illustrious Client” seems to be happening now.
. But mirrors also have the power to distort reality, or to reveal truths that elude the naked eye; and they can be used to make twins or doubles out of two distinct people (such as, for instance, Holmes and Watson).
, in which the major clue to the disappearance of the diamond is a smear made by the thief’s skirt in the paint on Rachel’s bedroom door. The ‘official’ detective of that novel, Sergeant Cuff, immediately realizes that the way to crack this case is to find the piece of clothing that has a corresponding paint stain on it. In
What a little marvel of compression. All of Holmes is in this telegram. His insecurity about what Watson’s marriage means for their partnership (“Have you a couple of days to spare?”), his compensatory bragging (look, they’re wiring me from the west of England now), his not very subtle plea for Watson’s time and attention (“Shall be glad if you will come with me”), his enticement ( “air and scenery perfect”), and finally, the admission that all of this entreating and cajoling was purely an act, because you know and I know, Watson, that you are about to leave your wife at the table and rush out to the west of England with me whether it’s convenient or not (“Leave Paddington by the 11:15″).
If my crackpot theory is correct, then the “Musgrave Ritual” stuff in “The Final Problem” is not only Sherlock’s return to his origins but Mark Gatiss’s. All that burying-alive and drowning is self-consciously redeployed in “The Final Problem” as Symbols of Buried Trauma and the Return of the Repressed. John chained to the bottom of the well amongst the bones of poor little Victor Trevor simultaneously evokes Brunton’s death and Rachel’s death, as the well is both a narrow stone chamber and a body of stagnant water. As in “Musgrave Ritual,” Sherlock can only find John by decoding Eurus’s maddening little song, a process which is so complex and goes by so fast that no spectator has a prayer of following it. In this case, however, there’s a happy ending for both of “Musgrave Ritual’s” submerged victims, as Sherlock first rescues Ophelia and then liberates the man she’s immured.
If the episode has sympathy for Langdale, however, it has none for his female counterpart, Isadora Klein. Paul has, thankfully, made an effort to mitigate the story’s profoundly racist treatment of Steve Dixie, though it remains the case that the first Black speaking character we’ve seen in any episode of this show so far is a thug who beats up the show’s most sympathetic character. But if anything, Paul has augmented the original story’s misogyny by blowing Holmes’s interview with Isadora Klein up into a Grand Battle of the Sexes. In fact, Paul writes for Isadora Klein and Holmes very much the way later adaptations will write for Holmes and Irene Adler, and it reminds me all over again of why I hate that. Klein manipulates him, tries to coax pity out of him, plays up her feminine vulnerability, and is enraged when he remains impervious to her Wiles. It’s cliche, it’s below standard in terms of this show’s depiction of women, and it seems a bit desperate–as if Paul is using this scene (from which he has removed Watson) to assure us that Holmes is still a paragon of virility who is irresistible to the ladies, whatever your lying eyes may be telling you to the contrary.
At any rate, the Blue Carbuncle is sort of a mini-Moonstone. Just as Collins made his giant diamond special by giving it an unusual color and characteristics (the Moonstone is yellow, and it has a flaw at its heart which makes its value very hard to estimate), Doyle makes his gem just a little extra: “it has every property of the carbuncle,” except that it’s not red, it’s blue. Well, red color is actually the only defining characteristic of the carbuncle. The red color is what makes them carbuncles. But ANYWAY.
Whether I’m right about that or not, it remains the case that one of the best things about this adaptation is the way it emphasizes how much Holmes and Watson share at this point–especially their increasingly urgent concern for their vulnerable client. This isn’t one of those situations where Watson does the client handling and Holmes does the deducing. Holmes is the one who notices Helen’s bruises. Holmes is the one who lets Helen know that he knows her father is abusing her. Most importantly, Holmes is the one who instantly recognizes that her fear of being moved into Julia’s room–into the trap Roylott set for his last victim–is entirely justified. Holmes is a consulting detective and a recoverer of lost opal tiaras and a resolver of diplomatic crises and a decipherer of cryptograms and all that; but this episode emphasizes his function as
Let me also say how much I love it that the fake name “Ross” gives to the lawyer he’s subletting from is “William Morris.” This is something I only figured out on repeated reading, but many of the pre-Reichenbach stories indirectly represent the massive poverty and unemployment rampant in 1890s London–but usually represent it as somehow fraudulent or not real. There’s the journalist who pretends to be an unemployable panhandler in “The Man with the Twisted Lip,” the gang of ‘idle’ ruffians who pretend to get into a fight over the right to earn a copper by opening Irene Adler’s carriage door, and now this building full of desperate red-headed men hoping against hope to get a job where they can make four pounds a year. William Morris, one of England’s great writer/radicals, devoted much of his career to addressing this crisis. All he got in return–from Doyle, at any rate–was this rather cheeky cameo.
So for all its flaws, this episode is genuinely heartbreaking. I’m just going to leave it there for now. I’ll be interested to see how “The Empty House” responds to it…when I’m done crying into my Annotated Sherlock Holmes.
However it may be, I really enjoyed “Abbey Grange,” partly because of the interesting choices made by Trevor Bowen in the adaptation. In addition to following the Everything’s Better With More Watson rule most admirably, Bowen makes some changes regarding Holmes’s interactions with Lady Brackenstall. Bowen seems to have conceived of Lady Brackenstall (nee Mary Fraser) as the protagonist, and he spends a lot of time developing her and dramatizing her backstory. In the process, he generates some really interesting new material for Watson. And since I just had the experience of contrasting the Granada return with the
You can just see it in the eyes and the smile: All right, fuck this guy. It’s not about the puzzle for him any more. This is about getting Helen Stoner away from this asshole. And yeah, this is a story about a woman being saved by a man; but one of the things I like about it is that Brett and the director seem, to some extent, self-conscious about the way Holmes uses the privilege Victorian society grants him as a gentleman to block Roylott’s abuse of the same privilege. There’s an interesting cut in which Holmes walks toward his desk to get the record of Mrs. Farintosh’s case, and the next thing we see is Roylott going through Helen’s room and finding Mrs. Farintosh’s letter. Brett plays his initial consultation with Helen as if Holmes knows somehow that she’s already under surveillance: it’s as if, by demystifying his own deduction trick, he’s trying to let her know that a) he’s just as smart as Roylott is and b) there’s no magic to the way he’s keeping track of you, I know how this works and I can show you how it works.
“A Scandal in Bohemia” obviously owes something to “The Purloined Letter”–G’s methods of recovering the letter are very similar to the King of Bohemia’s, and Dupin also hires an accomplice to create a distraction while he’s in the nefarious Minister’s apartment–and so does “The Second Stain,” which contains a miniature version of the “Purloined Letter” scenario (Lucas has obtained a sensitive letter with which he blackmails Lady Hilda) within a larger, higher-stakes replication of it. True to form, however, Doyle has added a romance to it: the real problem here–or at least the object of the real resolution–is the rift that this letter business threatens to open up between Hilda and Trelawney Hope. That brings it closer to
From their point of view, the arc of the episode is about getting Holmes out of his snit fit and forcing him to make his peace with the vagaries of his profession–specifically, making sensationalism his friend. The final scene, with Watson slowly and savoringly reading his own prose out loud while Holmes smokes and pretends he loves it, is a great negotiation of the formulaic return to the status quo ante. Holmes promises to defer to Watson’s literary judgment; Watson says, “Good.” Holmes gets the last ‘word’ in via an aggrieved look at the camera; but Watson probably knows that, and doesn’t care. He’s got his validation; Holmes has his; Violet is no longer at the mercy of middlemen like Westaway’s, and all’s right with the world.
So I was talking before about how many things are wrong with the canon “Final Problem.” The canon “Empty House,” really, in a lot of ways is even worse. Doyle wasn’t expecting to have to retcon “Final Problem,” and he didn’t leave himself that much wiggle room (though the fact that he killed Holmes in such a way that the body couldn’t be recovered does suggest to me that he had some unresolved ambivalence about killing off his cash cow). Others have pointed out that Holmes’s explanation for why he played dead for three years doesn’t make a whole lot of sense given that the people he says he was trying to fool–i.e., Moran et al.–are exactly the people who knew he was alive all the time. There are other technical problems that bigger canon geeks than I geek out about–someone wrote an entire poem about the fact that it’s impossible to figure out where Moran would have shot Adair from–but the adaptation exposes one of the biggest, which is the wax dummy in the window of 221b. Holmes says he’s surprised that Moran fell for it, and by God so am I. Sure, the profile is perfect and Mrs. Hudson is moving it from time to time. But it’s also very obviously not alive. This is the kind of thing that becomes more obvious on film than it is in print. Doyle also doesn’t do a great job of making us care about the Adair murder for its own sake. Clearly the main business of the story is the Reunion, and the actual case is–if you will–window dressing.
) Plus, just purely on a petty note: the constant smoking in Granada Holmes can get irritating, but snuff is MUCH nastier. (In the US, we call it “dip,” or “chewing tobacco,” and my brother used to dip snuff, and we used to find all these half-full plastic bottles of brown…all right, moving on.)
there, and he never will. So he didn’t look at Kitty closely enough. She wasn’t his client, she was just a tool he was planning to use–one in a thousand ‘fallen women’ who were tossed on the scrapheap after losing their ‘virtue’ to some asshole who pretended to be better than he was. But in that conversation, he tells Watson that he feels like just leaving Violet to marry the Baron and wishing them joy–because he feels the contrast between Kitty’s “spirit” and the smug upper-class self-satisfaction that allows Violet to dismiss Kitty’s pain as something that can’t possibly happen to her. I was, at first, annoyed at this utter lack of sympathy for Violet, who is as much a victim of Gruner’s machinations as Kitty is. But then I thought: you know, Violet is not somehow more valuable as a human being just because her family is friends with King Edward VII (who everyone pretty much figures is the Illustrious Client). She has Sir James and Holmes and the His Royal Freaking Highness Himself looking out for her, just because of the family she was born into; and who was looking out for Kitty when Gruner came for her? No one.
The entire adaptation is like that. Harris firmly grasped the two principles that really made Granada’s adaptations stand out: 1) all the changes you make should come out of canon and 2) everything’s better with more Watson. There’s another great moment, for instance, when Watson volunteers to look through Oldacre’s papers and see if they can learn something from the state of his financial affairs, and Holmes gratefully accepts the help. In the canon story, Holmes does this all himself. By giving this job to Watson, Harris isn’t just finding the poor man something to do; he’s letting Watson show Holmes that he doesn’t have to do it all himself, and giving Holmes a chance to appreciate that. He’s also setting up a moment of pure joy later on when Watson comes running out to tell him what he’s found. Watson’s so happy to have some good news for him, and Holmes is so happy to get it, and it’s just a wonderful moment for both of them. Watson gets to present that part of the case to Lestrade in the final wrap-up. It continues the apprenticeship story established in “Dancing Men;” but in this particular story, it also deepens the relationship. That’s good adapting. Are you listening to me, Derek Marlowe?
In the adaptation, “Boscombe Valley” loses some of the canon story’s youthful exuberance; but it also gains some depth. In particular, I think, Hawkesworth uses this opportunity to give us a closer look at Holmes and Watson’s dynamics, and at the complexity of Holmes’s unofficial position.
* Violet tells Holmes at their first consultation that she’s not really asking for his advice or permission; she’s already decided she’ll take the job.
HELLO. Yes, they do it. Indeed, they are kind of, you should pardon the expression, taking a bath in it. It’s true they put the little end table between them with the hookah on it…but all the same…
adaptation, because of the rapid deterioration of Brett’s health during the last few years of filming, unavoidably dramatizes human frailty, vulnerability, and mortality in ways that are often difficult to watch.
So in contrast to the hit job that Derek Marlowe does on Sophia Kratides in “Greek Interpreter,” Bowen’s adaptation recuperates Lady Brackenstall by providing context for Holmes’s accusations when he goes back to confront her. In the canon story, the emphasis is on Holmes’s learning not to be swayed by rank, beauty, charm, chivalry, etc. when evaluating a suspect’s credibility, and the confrontation is mainly about him defending “any reputation I might possess” against a woman who nearly played him for a fool. In the adaptation, the emphasis is on a different aspect of that scene: look, I know why you lied to me, and I know how desperate you are; please tell me the truth so I can help you. Here, as in the later scene with Captain Crocker, Holmes is frustrated by the way she keeps making that difficult; he
I’m going to talk about that below; and, of course, about the fact that this is the very last episode aired of Jeremy Brett’s Sherlock Holmes. In a lot of ways, it was better than I was expecting. In general, I’ll be honest, ever since
I thought I was noticing this in some of the earlier “Memoirs” episodes, but I think I can definitely detect it now: Brett seems much more at ease, and less obviously sick, in the 221b scenes than at any other time. There must have been something comforting to him about being on the old set that he’d been navigating since 1984, surrounded by actors he had known and trusted for years; and it was probably much less physically taxing for him than shooting outdoors. So the 221b scenes still have some of the life and the naturalism of Brett’s early performance; and that’s enormously comforting, especially after two episodes (”Pince-Nez” and “Mazarin Stone”) in which Hardwicke and Brett have virtually no scenes together.
1) This is the equivalent of the final shot of Sherlock in the graveyard at the end of “The Reichenbach Fall,” in that is promises us that more narrative is coming. The addiction plot set up in the first four episodes has been largely dropped in the more recent ones, without any resolution; maybe this is a promise that Holmes will come back so we can do his recovery narrative.
So in this context, when Holmes says “God help us,” I read it differently. Here, there’s none of the distance and the unavoidable condescension that comes with pity. The older, wiser, judge-and-jury Holmes is for once genuinely troubled about what he’s done by taking the law into his own hands. He knows that what he’s just done may lead to the death of an innocent man. He has chosen to protect the older, weaker, more broken man instead. Because this Holmes, the one closing in on the end of his journey, has been there. He identifies with Turner instead of pitying him; and the knowledge that this makes his decision on some level a selfish one bothers him–as it should. Pardoning the killer who is Like You because he is Like You is one of the things that perpetuates oppression.
makes it clearer that Miss Turner is Holmes’s client and that his main responsibility is to her. Unfortunately, this means that Holmes is in a very difficult position once he discovers the identity of the killer, because it’s impossible for him to protect *all* of his client’s interests. He must either expose his client’s father–which she clearly didn’t hire him to do–or allow his client’s one true love to hang, which is the one thing she explicitly hired him to prevent. (The adaptation is also much more straightforward about the fact that the children actually do love each other mutually, which raises the stakes for both Holmes and Watson; ever since “Abbey Grange” they have really embraced the role of guardian angel for star-crossed lovers.)
So if we just focus on these instances, Hammond’s use of mirrors appears to be a well-thought-out storytelling strategy which provides visual reinforcement for some important aspects of the narrative. But the thing is, this is just a small sampling of the many, many, MANY mirror shots we have in his episode, some of which seem entirely irrelevant. There are mirrors EVERYWHERE in “Wisteria Lodge.” There’s one right outside the door to Murillo’s throne room, in which Holmes and Watson are caught after their hilariously ineffective pretextual interview with Murillo:
crossover (Doyle stole only from the best). The classic sensation novel usually involves a woman in peril, but usually does NOT involve an official detective. The mystery is resolved by the characters who are motivated to do it (because the Dark Secret or the villain is endangering or blocking them). Even in
Still, after “Naval Treaty” it’s nice to get back to an episode where the great partnership is in top form and there are many opportunities to enjoy their chemistry. As usual I find the guest stars somewhat underwhelming, and the “unmasking” of Carruthers unbearably cheesy; I’m also disappointed by how limp and helpless Violet is in the marriage scene, but this seems to be at least partly influenced by their obvious desire to reference the Paget illustrations.
So let me just go over the Perennial Problems of The Final Problem, and Hawkesworth’s attempts to fix them:
). It doesn’t take much investigating to confirm it, either. All in all, I have to give Paul props for turning a pretty blah story into a really enjoyable episode, with one very interesting surprise at the end.
So this is what keeps the Granada Holmes first in my heart. In about 15 minutes they establish a long-term relationship with many emotional layers and all kinds of intimacy between the two of them, and everything else is really just gravy. Now I will warn anyone who hasn’t seen these before that you will occasionally get a mood-breaking bad surprise from the production values. For instance, someone in the costume department was having a bad day when they got the order for the King’s outfit:
I got into Sherlock Holmes at around the same time, and the Granada series aired on PBS sometime during my teenage years; and honestly, when I watch “Norwood Builder,” I recognize more of myself and my relationship in it than I do in
The person who won’t say, when you come to him with some vague forebodings and some weird observations you can’t explain and tell him that you’re afraid something terrible is about to happen to you, that you’re making it up because such things don’t happen and so it must all be in your head. Holmes, instead, says, “These are deep waters indeed,” and promises to come down to your isolated house on the next available train. No wonder Helen says her heart already feels lighter when she leaves. The way Holmes handles Roylott when he shows up is priceless:
But this is not followed through much in the rest of this episode. It’s mainly preparing us for what happens in the next episode–the tragic irony of Watson “applying” Holmes’s methods one last time as he reads, on the fatal ledge above the Reichenbach Falls, the story of Holmes’s final contest with Moriarty. What we get here, instead, is a return to the earlier, more carefree days of the partnership. On the one hand, it’s a little jarring, in that “Red Headed League” has Watson saying and doing things that don’t make a lot of sense at this point in the Granada arc, such as apologizing and backing out when he sees Holmes with a client, or delivering exposition that none of the viewers need at this point. On the other hand, it’s nice of them to give us that freshness and energy one last time before things get funereal in “The Final Problem.” I’m particularly fond of the way Holmes, as he sees Watson withdrawing, races for the door, vaults over the back of the couch (or settee or whatever it is), and drags him back in. My daughter treats our couch in exactly the same manner when it gets in her way. At the outset of the case, they seem to be in the giddy infatuation phase of the partnership, trying to suppress their joint mirth while Jabez Wilson tells his story, and getting each other enraptured over the prospect of their trip to violinland. (I love how Watson looks over at Holmes sitting there with his eyes closed half-singing along…he has this expression on his face which I can only read as “Jesus, Holmes, tag your porn.”) Watson’s little speech to Holmes about how he saw more than Watson saw is, at this point in the arc, kind of redundant; but in a way it also works: with all the progress Watson has made, Holmes is still so far ahead he can’t imagine ever getting there. I also love the moment at which, after the bank manager starts getting shirty about amateur detectives, Watson very politely tears him a new one.
Now I am not really that fond of psychoanalytic criticism, and so I’m not gonna pursue that reading of this episode; but I WILL tell you who has DEFINITELY pursued that reading: Mark “The Roads We Walk Have Demons Beneath Them And Yours Have Been Waiting For A Very Long Time” Gatiss.
This brings me to the way Holmes relates to Lestrade in this episode, which is noticeably more prickly than even in the original story. Brett keeps the character fresh by painting with a different emotional palette in each new episode. Here, he’s nervous, anxious, and irritable from the moment Lestrade shows up. It REALLY bothers him that he is now dependent on Lestrade’s permission to speak to his client or to visit the crime scene. He’s painfully aware, in a way that he hasn’t shown us before, of how much more material power Lestrade has than he does. Whether McFarlane is guilty or not, Lestrade can get him hanged with what Oldacre’s given him, and Lestrade certainly seems determined to do so. With them actually working at cross purposes, Holmes has to confront the limitations of his ‘consulting’ position in a new way, and he hates it. Even more does he hate the fact that “all the facts are one way, and all my instincts the other.” This is a story where Holmes, up to a certain point, has to trust his gut–and he’s desperately uncomfortable in that position. Brett brings all of this through beautifully, and turns something that in the story is more of a friendly competition into a kind of existential crisis: can I really go up against the police and beat them? Can they, just by virtue of being The Police, defeat me even if I have logic and instinct and intelligence on my side? Does the way the facts themselves seem to be obeying Lestrade’s hypothesis mean that I am actually on the wrong side of this one–that I am wrong to be always seeing solutions that the official police don’t perceive or acknowledge, not only now, but maybe frequently? Maybe almost always?
, death is part of this relationship now. Specifically, your death. This is Watson telling Holmes: I lived with your death for three years. I’m still living with it. I don’t have to wonder what it’s going to be like for me when you die, because
Because of the decision to go into Holmes’s head, we don’t get to see Watson using his last shred of “strength and sanity” to drag Holmes to safety. But we get something a lot more powerful instead. We hear Watson calling Holmes’s name, and we see Holmes, from Watson’s POV, writhing in convulsions while Watson frantically tries to get Holmes to recognize him:
At any rate, for a few minutes there in the red-lit sitting room, it seemed like a little life came back into it. I always seem to be looking for more reaction from Hardwicke than I ever get; but all the same, they play well off each other, and Holmes’s delirious ravings about oysters are very pathetic and yet also so very characteristically Theatrical. Despite all the ghastly makeup, in the red lighting and with his hair everywhere Brett actually kind of looks better on the Deathbed than he does before and afterward. It’s a very through-the-looking-glass moment. It might be unique in the annals of Holmes adaptations: the actor and the character on their different trajectories, meeting and merging at this intersection even though they’re still bound in opposite directions.
As regarding Hardwicke and Burke specifically…I find that the thing I miss most about Burke is his voice. Hardwicke is more soft-spoken and his voice doesn’t have…I don’t know…as much life and tonal variety as Burke’s does. Hardwicke also seems to be generally more understated, and although I can see possible payoffs for this further down the line, it does dampen the reunion scene a bit. One doesn’t feel the joy as much as one would if it were Burke. At least I don’t.
I assumed that by “fog” Doyle meant the mist you saw rising off the ocean up in Maine in the early morning, or the low-lying white clouds that sometimes obscure the tops of skyscrapers. I did not know then that in Victorian London, “fog” was a euphemism for a dark and nasty cloud of dense, toxic, low-lying pollution whose main component was coal smoke. Coal was what most households in Victorian London were burning for warmth–gas was used mainly for light–and it made the city filthy. In the winter, climate conditions created some kind of inversion that kept a lot of this pollution trapped in the city. The London “fog” was, in other words, an almost unimaginably intense version of what we American children of the 1970s call “smog.” The reason Holmes has cabin fever at the beginning of “Bruce Partington Plans” is that when the “fog” was THAT bad, you just didn’t go out there. Not just because of all the criminal shenanigans Holmes is fantasizing about, but because breathing that shit deeply enough for long enough is gonna kill you.
We’re told all kinds of dire things about him, but we don’t know much about the specifics of what he actually does. Holmes’s plan to entrap him is similarly left up to the imagination; we don’t know why he has to wait until Monday to make his final move–especially since Moriarty evidently knows what he’s planning already–or why he doesn’t have to be in England for the big round-up.
started doing this in series 2, and some of these episodes (“Blink,” for instance) are extremely effective. But nobody in their right mind would have chosen “The Three Garridebs” as the vehicle for such an episode. Making “Garridebs” with no Sherlock Holmes makes about as much sense as trying to bake an apple pie without apples.
Yeah, I know I said I wasn’t going to go there…I lied, all right? I cannot NOT GO THERE. The parallels make themselves and the inversions are just too fucking ironic. Once again, Holmes has been severely beaten and is lying in bed with Watson by his side…only this time,
could they have done such a terrible job of extracting a couple of hours of television from “The Sussex Vampire”?
* When Holmes asks Violet what she thinks is going on, she proposes a theory which is wrong, but which Holmes accepts as, given their available evidence, “the most probable explanation.”
. She’s compassionate and gracious to those ‘below’ her in the social hierarchy; he’s contemptuous and abusive. She’s motivated by love; he’s motivated by self-interest. She appreciates music and art; he apparently only appreciates money, power, and sex. She’s capable of being magnanimous to a defeated adversary; everything we know about the King suggests that he likes to grind his own adversaries into the dirt.
When I found out that Trevor Bowen, who was responsible for the HOB script, also wrote the screenplay for “Frances Carfax,” I feared the worst. But it turns out that like Frances Carfax’s burial, my eulogy for this show was premature. Brett still looks like he’s been through hell, but he now seems to have come out the other side. His face is ravaged; but otherwise, his Holmes seems much more his old self. The voice is back, the energy is (partly) back, and in general there’s just a lot more acting going on. This is also a great episode for Hardwicke; I haven’t been this interested in his Watson since “Devil’s Foot.” I even like Trevor Bowen’s definitely not by-the-book adaptation…until the last five minutes, when it STABBED ME in the HEART.
Robin Chapman, who did such a good job with “Illustrious Client,” evidently decided that the only way to do this story was to go Gothic with it. He basically jettisons the mystery and kind of turns it into
, in which a different kind of letter-induced political crisis is finally treated as secondary to the question of whether men and women, in this society, can accept each other’s weaknesses gracefully enough to continue loving each other.
…but it doesn’t go on long enough to show him getting even more uncomfortable, trying to withdraw from her as far as possible, and then sort of peeling her arm off him and stepping away.
If we get past the dreadful execution and consider the content, this hallucination is really important. We find out that what Holmes fears most at this point is death. And not just for what it’s going to do to him, but for what it will do to Watson.
In ACD canon, “Boscombe Valley” is the first story in which Holmes makes the decision to let a murderer go. Jefferson Hope of
Anyway, so, like the dog, I have basically done nothing here, and I’m going to stop doing it and move on.
Christmas is the time of gift-giving. Parcels wrapped in brown paper are everywhere in this episode. If you know the original story–or even if you don’t, and have drawn some inferences based on the title–every time you see one of these parcels, you want to yell out at the screen, “NO! DON’T OPEN IT!” Whereas the Granada “Blue Carbuncle” stands out for its effectiveness in filling our hearts with the spirit of the season as Doyle intended, Bowen’s screenplay relies for its impact on the constant friction between the Christmas setting and the content of the actual case. This friction is at its most burningly painful in the scenes of Sarah Cushing’s Christmas party, during which The Cardboard Box is sitting under the tree amongst all the other presents, while her dog Gladstone sniffs at it–until she opens it in the presence of all her guests.
I’m going to try to articulate my response to this strangely compelling failure. I can’t promise answers in advance, though.
I drew the lilac envelope carefully from the pile. It was addressed to me, in Mary's clear and confident handwriting. It contained an enclosure.
(In the late 1980s my family moved to London and I had my first traditional English Christmas dinner, and I never got over the disappointment. But I digress.)
This seems huge to me. It could just as easily have been Holmes drawing that map, and in any other adaptation it would be. The reading of Moriarty as Holmes’s evil twin/shadow self/doppleganger is encouraged so strongly by the canon story that it is continually replicated in adaptation (though
Did I say that if you only watch one episode from the Brett/Burke era it should be “The Speckled Band?” That was MADNESS. You should NOT watch only one episode from this era, you should and you must watch BOTH “The Speckled Band” and “The Blue Carbuncle,” which may perhaps be Granada’s greatest gift to the fandom. I know it’s almost Easter; but honestly, any time you watch “The Blue Carbuncle,” it’s Christmas. The production values are generally pretty good: Victoriana is everywhere, all the guest stars seem to be bringing their A game, there are more extras running around in this episode than all of the earlier ones combined, and all in all it reminds me pleasantly of another vintage 1980s Christmas special, the George C. Scott
In the canon story, that’s the end of it. But this episode has more in store for Watson. First, we find out that Holmes was wrong in thinking that Watson was gullible for buying Lady Brackenstall’s account of her husband’s drinking. In a conversation with her on the way out, we learn that she was really describing her father’s drinking, and he tells her he knew she couldn’t have come up with something so realistic from nowhere. Doctor Storyteller knows his shit, even if he’s not as smart as Holmes. Then, there’s a very interesting conversation with a couple of snifters by the fire, in which Watson warns Holmes against making himself “both the advocate and the judge.” This is consistent with Watson’s reaction to Holmes letting Ryder off at the end of “Blue Carbuncle;” but here, although he went along with it at the time, Watson is less willing to let Holmes off the hook. And actually, this is the moment at which I think I made my peace with Hardwicke as Watson. I would say, comparing him to Burke, that Burke is a more intuitive actor, and I really miss that. I also miss the snap and fire his disputes with Brett used to have. But Hardwicke is maybe more cerebral, and this helps with these moments where Watson’s demonstrating his expanding wisdom. His affection for Holmes is never in doubt during this scene, but we also see that he’s lost the starry-eyed wonder that Burke was so good at conveying. “It’s just as well you are unique,” he says, finally. I love the reactions here. Holmes is unnerved by this. Watson smiles at him to reassure him. But Holmes is not, finally, entirely reassured. They go back to drinking their snifters by the fire, and the film freezes on that image for the closing credits.
Watson will be back, of course. But the show will never be what it was, and neither will their on-screen relationship.
All this is to say that when I first read the Sherlock Holmes stories as a child, I did not know enough to appreciate “The Illustrious Client.” I was very frustrated with Violet de Merville for being dumb enough to fall for the wicked Baron. I’m still frustrated with the way in which, as we get further into the 20th century, Doyle shifts from women who come to Holmes because they know something’s wrong, and women whose relatives and friends come to him because *they* know something wrong but the victim herself is too blind/infatuated/stubborn to admit it. But I can now see, through the layers of melodrama enveloping this most sensationalistic of plots, the outline of something very real. You don’t have to be an idiot to for fall for a guy who’s made a career out of convincing women that he’s better than he really is. And although most guys who do this are simply hiding their turbo-jerkdom, some of them are hiding their abusive tendencies; and any abuser is a potential murderer. The wicked Baron was, even in 1924, something of a melodramatic cliche. But although Baron Gruner may be a nearly-cartoonish exaggeration, that doesn’t mean he’s not real.
Doyle invented Moriarty for the specific purpose of killing Holmes off. Moriarty plays no role in the saga as written prior to “The Final Problem.” The fact that this criminal mastermind had never come up in any of their past cases immediately struck fans as ridiculous, and it was in fact retconned by Doyle himself in
When I found out that Trevor Bowen, who was responsible for the HOB script, also wrote the screenplay for “Frances Carfax,” I feared the worst. But it turns out that like Frances Carfax’s burial, my eulogy for this show was premature. Brett still looks like he’s been through hell, but he now seems to have come out the other side. His face is ravaged; but otherwise, his Holmes seems much more his old self. The voice is back, the energy is (partly) back, and in general there’s just a lot more acting going on. This is also a great episode for Hardwicke; I haven’t been this interested in his Watson since “Devil’s Foot.” I even like Trevor Bowen’s definitely not by-the-book adaptation…until the last five minutes, when it STABBED ME in the HEART.
In this way, “The Copper Beeches” betrays Doyle’s fidelity to sensation fiction. That’s exactly what Holmes is arguing with Watson about in that delightful opening conversation about “Watson’s” writing; Watson admits that “I cannot quite hold myself absolved from the charge of sensationalism which has been urged against my records,” and he does it with a smile. That conversation is Doyle’s little sorry-not-sorry to his critics: yes, I am a sensationalist, and you love it and if you can’t acknowledge that well FUCK YOU. Holmes and Watson are having this argument right now because “The Copper Beeches” is in fact very reminiscent of sensation fiction, the genre which gave birth to the mystery. It’s a kind of
So honestly, no matter what Chapman did, this episode was destined to be kind of a shit sandwich. There’s just no hiding the rot at the center.
It’s not as warm and cuddly as “The Blue Carbuncle;” it’s not as creepy as “The Speckled Band.” But “Norwood Builder” has always been one of my favorites, and it’s because it marks, to me, a significant change in Holmes and Watson’s relationship. In ACD canon, the catalyst for this change is really the Return; “Norwood Builder” is the first story set and published after “The Empty House.” As I’ve said many times before, the stories in The Return of Sherlock Holmes show us a Holmes/Watson relationship which is much more intimate, and much more central to both of their lives, than in earlier volumes. Hawkesworth seems to have wanted the whole first series to have that Return vibe.  Accordingly, in the Granada narrative, “Norwood Builder” takes place three episodes before “The Final Problem” (we have “Resident Patient” and “The Red-Headed League” coming up first). And thanks to some great work from the screenwriter and from Brett and Burke, this becomes, not just an interesting case, but a beautiful moment in the development of Holmes and Watson’s relationship.
I particularly appreciate the use of close-ups in the initial interview with Lady Brackenstall; and here is where we start to see the impact of the adaptation. During the Hiatus, in 1897, Doyle fell in love with a woman named Jean Leckie. He was, evidently, unable to divorce his current wife, and they postponed their marriage (and, if you believe all you read, their consummation) until after his wife died in 1906. As a result, starting with the
The Granada adaptation gets this too. What’s more, they work pretty hard at bringing through all the of the
Well, I have a few theories. One is that Young Plaidder knew nothing of international relations, and was therefore ill-equipped to understand either the mystery plot or what was at stake. Another is that Young Plaidder had very little experience with subway trains or public transportation in general. Doyle doesn’t stop to define any of his terms, so if you don’t know what the “points” are, for instance, it’s hard to see what’s going on in your head. Or maybe it was that there’s only one woman in this story and she’s not especially important.
* At her meeting with Holmes and Watson, Holmes gives her what he evidently considers a dangerous assignment, saying he wouldn’t ask her to do this if she weren’t “quite an exceptional woman.”
Anyway. For the Holmes/Watson relationship, this episode creates is a kind of typical development-of-the-partnership narrative, in which each gets frustrated and pissed off with the other, but in the end each realizes he needs the other, and they come together in the end to defeat the baddies. When Violet first shows up, Holmes is still in mentor mode, and he’s genuinely pleased that Watson figures out how Holmes deduced her bicycling habits. This apparently gives Holmes the idea that Watson’s ready to do some independent work; but the results are famously disappointing for everyone. The sequence in which Holmes explains to Watson all the ways in which he was Doing It Wrong is one of my favorite parts of the series. The best part of it is how cool Holmes manages to stay while sticking all of his little barbs into Watson, and how Watson totally fails to stay cool while the barbs are being stuck into him. Great understated snark from Brett, great slow burn from Burke; it starts to feel actually a lot like Cumberbatch and Freeman’s chemistry on
First there’s the indecision about the episode’s tone. There’s some domestic comedy introduced at the beginning–again, Granada suppresses the marriage, so they had to sort of rewrite the opening–with Watson being put out that Holmes has stood him up for a dinner date, then even more put out when Mrs. Whitney shows up, and the whole case kind of turns into Dr. Watson’s Terrible, Horrible, No Good Very Bad Day. But since Mrs. Whitney is in real distress, that doesn’t really work, as you can see with the little exchange between Mrs. Hudson and Mrs. Whitney after Watson leaves. I love Rosalie Williams and I’m glad they seem to be writing more material for her, but this lame “men are just grownup children that we have to take care of” joking requires Mrs. Whitney to treat her husband’s leaving her and disappearing into an opium den for three days as a kind of boyish pecadillo. At any rate, Watson is grumpy the whole way through, which is too bad, because he and Holmes are sleeping in the same room for once (famously, Holmes tells Watson in the canon story that “my room at the Cedars is a double-bedded one”). At the same time, Mrs. St. Clair, who is sort of a comic figure in the canon story, is taken very seriously, and her strength and great love for Neville are conveyed in the scene where she searches the rooms she saw him disappear into.
This is why Violet needs to get Sherlock Holmes’s attention. It has nothing to do with romance. She knows she wants to take this job; she needs the money, but she’s also, I think, intrigued by the mystery. However, she’s way too smart to go into this situation alone and unprotected. If she becomes imprisoned in this house (as she effectively does, given the locks and the mastiff), she may not be able to get herself out of it unassisted. She needs someone on the outside who knows where she is and is ready to help bust her out if necessary. She understands–because she has been dealing with this for her entire career–the insight with which Holmes shocks Watson on their trip through the “smiling” countryside: that the homes of the rich can be far more dangerous than the slums of the poor.
I am also fascinated by the fact that during the sickbed scenes, Brett’s voice drops an octave, just as it did when they were filming
But then again, it’s not surprising that the episode turned out heavier, darker, and more tragic than the canon story. You can now hear Brett’s labored breathing along with every line delivery. He rallies for the opening scene in 221b, which is mostly enjoyable–Watson is so pleased he gets to do the deducing, Holmes scrapbooking and pretending it’s important it pretty funny, and of course Rosalie Williams remains a treasure. He also somehow manages to haul himself in and out of that hole in the roof. But in the final scene at the opera, when they end with a closeup of Holmes weeping over the music and the tragic events that have gone before…that’s more sadness than this episode has really earned, or than the viewer can easily bear.
So overall, I would say they did a pretty good job with some unpromising material. I’ll be interested to see what happens with “Bruce-Partington Plans,” another story I never liked much, but which will at least bring back Mycroft.
At the same time, it’s only fair to ask: what performance of that grief would NOT disappoint me? Stage grief is never much like real grief. When we say that stage grief is convincing, we mean it’s emotionally stimulating without being too obviously faked.
. And every time you shoot up, every time you chase after someone bigger and stronger and more heavily armed than you, every time you skip a meal or work for 72 hours straight, I see what’s coming. Every time you neglect or mistreat your body, I know you’re bringing us closer to the day when the worst thing in the world is going to happen to me. Again.
