"It might not be common. but it's completely normal, Dean. Humans have an infinite capacity for love in all of its forms. A polyamorous trio is no different from a monogamous couple, or a single parent dedicated to their beloved children, or a large group of platonic life-partners when it comes to the level of devotion they may experience, only the manner in which that love is made manifest. All forms of love are equally valid and good, and not all love is romantic. You of all people must know that."
"'East of Eden', by John Steinbeck," he said, then paused, laying a hand in Dean's hair, petting softly at it, carding through the strands with slow ease. He started up again, his voice low and molten and utterly relaxing, rumbling in Dean's ear where it was pressed against Cas's torso.
"No!" Cas shouts, desperation coloring his voice as it cracks, trying to shove Dean away again, but it's too late.
"I just want to be cozy," he mourned, a real beast of a pout forming on his face. It didn't work. Cas just looked at him impassively, with no real hint of emotion or weakness peeking through. Sam always did have the better puppy-dog eyes.
"I want to help make things go back to the way they were," Amara said seriously, smoothing her sleek black pantsuit. "You'll all see me again, and Jack too, but for now," she glanced at Jack with a smile, and he smiled softly back. "For now, I'd like to get to know my nephew, and do a little good. I think we can all agree the multiverse needs it." Sam nodded bemusedly in her direction, tugging on a hoodie.
"You're welcome!" Dean said brightly, tearing into the cupcake half. Something came to mind and he set the cake back down. "Grandma?" he asked, his voice small.
"That's fine, I know where they are. I used them last year when I grew the last of my Northern Lights seeds. And besides, Sam's labeled and organized everything down there within an inch of its life, so even if I didn't I'd be able to find them eventually."
. He quickly peeled off his jeans, boxers, and socks, and left them, along with the flannel he'd had over his henley all day, in the hamper and traded them in for new boxers, socks, and comfy grey sweatpants.
"Just look on their website," Dean said, shoving past Sam's hulking frame and heading down the hall. "Just ask Cas to send you a link to the listing. There's gotta be some pictures."
They drove another fourteen miles, past two exits, and saw just three other cars- two junker trucks, and a sleek little blue Prius. Cas would probably love a little eco-friendly car like that. Sure, they were hideous, but they were basically everything Cas stood for, and they did save a lot on gas. Maybe, once they moved, it would be a good thing to have two cars- Baby for special occasions and for the very rare hunts they might pitch in on, someday, and a car like the one they just saw for everyday things. It seemed inordinately extravagant, but damn if it wasn't kind of appealing as ideas went. A little car they could beat the hell out of and drive into the ground, and not have to worry about the special maintenance Baby needed.
, his gaze dark and wanting. "Dean?" His voice had gone rough, his fingers tightening on Dean's hip as the thumb wandered to the middle of his lower lip, pressing lightly when they parted as Cas spoke his name.
"You misunderstand me, Dean," Cas said patiently. "It has been an adjustment, of course, now that world-ending crises appear to have ceased manifesting in our general vicinity. But it is a welcome change. Regardless of my desire to occupy myself in a creative manner, if you you must know, I would rather be here. Always. I find that the proximity to your soul brings me an incredible sense of peace."
"Whoa, easy on the accusations," Dean said defensively. "You've got no right to come at me, about my choices and my life. You didn't even tell me you were going to propose to Eileen. How's that for omission?" He bared his teeth in a snarl. "Where's your moral high ground now, Sam?"
Dean just sort of nodded along while Cas asked questions about the kitchen backsplash materials (ceramic tile), local yard regulations (none), and Dean's requested bathtub (an included-in-the-price-of-the-house amenity, thank you universe). Once Cas seemed happy with his answers, she set them loose to look around. Cas made a beeline for the second floor, but Dean wanted to look around downstairs again. He hadn't absorbed much the first time around, beyond a general impression of 'holy fucking shit this is basically just a castle'. Besides, Sam asked for pictures. The realtor, a nice enough middle-aged blonde woman named Kelly-Ann Williams, left him alone until he wandered back into the kitchen and took a quick picture of the light streaming in through the window over the sink. She looked up from her laptop and smiled at him warmly.
Dean's brain went blissfully empty, and he nodded, sighing with relief at the latest crisis, averted. "Yeah. I'm fucking beat, man."
Cas just looked at him blankly for a second, like he couldn't believe what Dean said. He immediately fought down the urge to take it all back, to say never mind, Cas, you shouldn't listen to me when I'm this tired.
, he gathered him in his arms, and carried him back to the truck on numb feet, leaving the scraps of Jimmy's coat behind in aisle seven.
"I can try! How can I try if no one tells me anything?" he shouted desperately before he could rein it in, mortified at how quickly he lost it trying to defend himself. Dean wasn't sure if he was just talking about Sam anymore. Suddenly this whole thing seemed bigger than that, with his angel sitting in front of him,
"Okay, clearly I didn't have to tell you. You and Cas apparently had a bet going, for Christ's sake!" Sam said. "I had no idea you'd do something as impulsively half-cocked as this, and not even think about the consequences."
“It won’t be as easy as you think,” Castiel warned. “I want your trust, Dean. I want the bond we once had, and your submission to my better judgement, untainted by your... fear.” His voice turned hungry, reminiscent of when they worked that killer Cupid case last year and it turned out to be Famine. To be on the receiving end of desire of that magnitude was by turns exhilarating and horrifying. “I want your love.”
"That he actually had feelings for Rowena. Still? I mean, at the same time as Eileen," he clarified. "Is that even possible? To love two people at the same time? I mean, sharing, that's basically just cheating, isn't it? It's not like they'd all be together. I don't get it at all." He shook his head. "He better not mess this up with Eileen."
The next week passed without incident, the last icy vestiges of winter giving way to the first days of melting, balmy spring, and Dean began to grow accustomed to his newfound awareness of the way he and Cas moved around each other. Natural, easy. Peaceful, even. He was there in the mornings when Dean woke up, and he was there every night until Dean left him, usually reading something, to go off to sleep.
He stood up to start the dishes, suddenly realizing he wanted to be anywhere but where he was. He realized with a morose little pang he'd barely eaten, but he felt so low he couldn't even bring himself to care.  He cleared his dishes quickly from the table, snagging Cas's nearly empty bowl too. He must have actually really liked the soup. Normally he'd be over-the-moon-proud of that, but... not tonight. Out of the learned habit of a lifetime he started packing up the food for leftovers to eat tomorrow, even though he knew the cheese wouldn't reheat well. Food was food. Waste not, and all that.
"It could be," Dean interjected. Sam just sighed wearily. "I'm gonna go grab your present, Sasquatch." Sam visibly perked up at the mention of 'presents'. He pointed between the two of them then at the ladle over by the pot on the stove. "Someone watch the soup. Don't let the bottom scald," he ordered.
Oh, he hated feeling. Sometimes he thought it made him useless. He missed being cold. Brutal, uncaring about pain or death. But this was Dean, and he'd never actually been particularly good at being a machine, anyway. "Okay. Dean, I need to see your back," he warned him, before moving him as gently as he could and angling his body so that he could get an unobstructed view of his back.
Sam thought he and Cas were- that they. Hnnnng ok. He thought that they were sleeping together. Yep. Behind his back. Sam actually thought that Dean would do that, that
Dean sat in silence for a mile, then two. Cas was still frowning at the screen, which seemed to be stuck in an eternal buffering loop. "I don't think we have enough service for the video to finish playing," Cas admitted, finally.
Sam was looking between the two of them with a funny expression, and he hadn't answered Dean's question. Dean snapped his fingers in front of his face and he blinked then shook his head a bit, as if he had zoned out or something. Weirdo. "Earth to Sammy, come in," he drawled. "I ask again, when's the wedding?"
"Wait, Daddy-" Dean said, running down the stairs and reaching for his Dad as he walked past him. He was brushed off roughly without so much as a glance and landed heavily on the hardwood.
know that?" Dean asked incredulously. Cas just looked at him, impassive. "I didn't know," Dean repeated helplessly.
Dean averts his eyes, looking back at the book on the table for a second. He just doesn't want Cas to think he's weak. Pathetic, needy. No one liked people like that. Burdens.
"Yeah. It's a set, with the little coffee table that goes between them. They just look cozy, you know? I like them. They have a good- what would Claire call it? A-"
He was through the service doors of the building before the Croat hoard could even begin to respond to his escape, and their noises were quickly muffled by the service door as it locked automatically behind him, leaving him in relative quiet.
"There's some toast if you want some, Dean," Sam said, gesturing at the little pile on the kitchen island with his spatula. "I picked it up at the farmer's market I passed on the way back yesterday evening right as they started packing up for the night. First of the year, I guess. It's just sourdough and a seeded white loaf, but they're both pretty good."
"Hey, I'm sure someone's done it before," Dean joked, sloughing off his jacket and hanging it up. He sidled up next to Sam at the sink. "Scoot over, birthday boy," he ordered, trying to wash his hands while Sam still did the same, and got a face full of flicked water for his trouble.
“Shit,” Sam swears, stalking over to the door, the useless cell forgotten in his hand. “Yeah, that’s a blood sigil, alright,” he sighs. “What the hell?”
“Oh, gross,” Jacks says from behind him. “There’s blood on the floor behind the chair too. Up against the wall.”
There was a crude metal stake wedged just an inch to the left of his second and third thoracic vertebrae, rusted, twisted and cruel-looking.
He stood there for a second, absolutely shell-shocked. Then his phone started to ring, and it shook him out of his weird-ass moment. He cleared his throat and pulled his phone out of his pocket, checking the caller ID.
Almost six months on, now, and he was next to the prettiest lonely little river in all of Kansas wishing he was home with his family instead of fishing alone and watching the sunset.
He pushed himself into a more upright position with one hand on the pillow between them, then turned to face him and held his cheek in his left hand. Cas's hair was fucked up from changing. It suited him. Dean slid his thumb over Cas' cheekbone, down to the corner of his jaw. Cas leaned into it, looking at him with intense curiosity, his hand slung low around Dean's hip that couldn't be described as anything but possessive, even if he didn't know it. It was pretty hot, actually.
“Um. There’s blood on the door?” Jack replies, voice going a little weird on the word ‘blood’. He walks away from the door and deeper into the room, going around the chair.
Sam got back from visiting Eileen at her place all week very late on Sunday night, laughing off Dean's ribbing and teasing, and promptly went to sleep, Dean turning in as well shortly after his brother. As he drifted off to sleep, cozily wrapped up in blankets and his best fuzzy socks, full of the most incredible pot roast and veritably high on terrible 1960's sci-fi, he found himself wondering how he'd ever gotten so lucky.
A quick one-two-three knock at the door had him nearly jumping out of his skin. "Are you decent?" Sam asked, his voice hesitant.
Last time this happened a month and a half ago he took care of it himself. He'd thought he'd done a pretty decent job, making the sides all even and the top nice and fun and spiky, before he learned the truth of the matter. He'd missed a spot at the back of his neck and left a stupid fucking tail behind, and when Cas pointed it out at dinner, tugging on it and teasing him, he turned to Sam,
"Get the fuck out of my house, John!" Grandpa growled. Dad jumped, puffing back up a bit in renewed anger, but he turned to go. "Don't you come back."
Dean inhaled sharply, his chest tight as he leaned into the touch. "It's yours," he breathed out, "It's all yours, Cas."
He cupped the water in his hand and leaned down over the sink, splashing it up into his face, then again, eyes closed, and again. He took off the towel he'd wrapped around his waist and patted his face dry- pat, don't rub- and several things happened at once.
The crack of bone on hard tile was near agony. His gun clattered uselessly to the ground beside him as he shifted his gaze to land somewhere around the hem of Castiel’s coat. He couldn’t look at his face. Couldn’t meet his eyes. It was almost impossible to believe the terrifying figure before him was once his closest friend, and had saved him from Heaven and Hell alike before he had turned into whatever
Inspiration led him on. "If I'm really, really good, will he want to- to play with me again?" His lip wobbled. "I miss him so much, Grandma." He started crying in earnest, the cupcake forgotten.
His eyes shot open, and he gripped the fishing rod more tightly almost on autopilot. As he started to reel it in, he caught a flash of blonde hair in the corner of his eye.
How did Cas do it? That sincerity so sure and true it's almost always painful to be on the receiving end of? He somehow had a way of making Dean feel vulnerable, even though he almost certainly was not under attack. Cas just paid him a compliment, he thinks, but he feels like he might die from the weight of it still ringing in his ears. He suddenly wondered if what Sam said earlier that day holds any weight- and if Cas might regret this, might regret
“You don’t need this kind of juice anymore, Cas,” he tried to reason. “Get rid of it before it kills us all.”
Some days were better than others, of course. Some days he took precious little blue or white or green pills, all different shapes and sizes and he felt good. Numb, pleased, far away. Quiet. Others, fewer than the days he had his pills, he took shrooms, LSD. Molly, twice. Often he took nothing at all, craving the wicked pain and emptiness it created in him as his sobriety enhanced the ache his dwindling Grace left behind, needing the punishment to feel real before forcing himself into a tumultuous sleep after days spent horribly awake with half a bottle of rotgut sloshing in his stomach. He still liked joints, rolled meticulously, their verdant smoke curling up deliciously in his lungs and setting him up on a lovely little metaphorical cloud the best, and then, they were even more so lovely when he shared them with Dean. There was nothing, nothing like passing it between them, before transitioning into trading hit after hit between their mouths, brushing against his soft lips, breathing his air, watching Dean’s cheeks flush a stunning pink and holding tight to his deep golden hair, dragging him down into slow, languid kisses that desire deepened and turned into a precious sort of holy consumption as the high hit its stride in them both.
was what made Cas- an otherworldly being he'd had to teach the sacred meaning of personal space to, all those years ago- leave, for good this time? What if that was the final straw in a gigantic pile of all the stupid shit Dean had done before that ended everything good they finally had going?
The blanket secured, he brushed Dean's hair back from his forehead with a tenderness that set off a new kind of terrible ache in Dean's chest- stroking once, twice, again and again, so gently he almost could miss it if he wasn't so closely attuned to every feeling as he was just then.
expensive ticket." Inspiration struck. "Would you feel better if you were the one driving?" he asked cautiously.
Dean launches himself between them, throwing his arms around Cas and screwing his eyes shut when the cold thing touches his back.
He tugged on a grey t-shirt and some new boxers (blue and purple stripes, with a funny little cat logo embroidered on the waistband) and threw on his dead guy robe. It was funny, eight years on and he still got a kick out of wearing it. Whatever. It was comfy, so sue him. He half-heartedly made his bed, mostly just yanking the blankets up so they laid-almost flat, then sighed when he realized he'd be sad about it later tonight if he came back to his room to go to bed and it wasn't made up all nice and crisp for him to climb into. People are liars if they try to say it feels the same either way. It doesn't. For a second he thought he'd lost his phone, but it was just wedged under the pillow. He gave the room a quick once-over glance, and, satisfied, went off to brush his teeth and take a piss, since his bladder had apparently decided it was time to make itself known. Urgently.
"Bitch," Dean said, drying off his hands and his face, since that was a problem now, apparently. "What are you turning, ten?"
"Four bed, three bath, office in the basement, approximately two thousand and eight hundred square feet on just over four acres," Cas recited. "There's a garage, as well-"
. Dean knew he was behaving completely irrationally, but that couldn't be helped. He felt like he was on the edge of some great cliff with nowhere to go but forward, or else stay put and risk that, too.
ya'll the real mvps. thank you for reading :) your comments (and your kudos) mean the world to me. i'm so happy i've been able to bring this story to life for you all. here's to the rest!
. "Charlie is very, very good at what she does. In any universe. Officially, I'm Jimmy Novak's brother, and you and I have never been 'wanted' by the authorities a day in our lives."
"It's not the same," Cas said solemnly. "Not at all. Even I feel small when I stand beside the ocean."
sometimes you have to take a little risk in order to get what you want most. play it safe and you’ll always be left wondering ‘what if?’
"It's just math. It's a six ounce bar of chocolate, divided into segments, each a quarter of an ounce. I broke off two rows of four, that's eight segments- so, two ounces," he said, as dryly as an old schoolteacher, before breaking into a mischievous smirk, his eyebrow quirking up. "But you can call it magic, if you like. Math isn't everyone's strong suit."
"No, it's fine," Dean interrupted, just a bit too loudly, shuffling a bit in place and pushing his hands deeper in his jacket pockets. "Yeah. I mean- no. We're like, war brothers. Family, basically," he clarified.
A strangled yelping noise in the hallway jarred him out of the feeling and replaced it with a rush of adrenaline. Through the door, he heard Cas say "Good morning, Sam," all nonchalant and cool-as-you-please, then "I'm sorry I startled you. Coffee? I'm making some for Dean."
As if he could hear Dean thinking (let's be real, he probably could, Mr. Spidey-senses) Cas's eyes fluttered open and were immediately fixed on Dean.
"Thanks, Cas," he said quietly, honestly, looking straight into Cas's eyes. As blue as they were, they were warm to him. Never cold. When Cas's eyes were cold it broke Dean's heart.
His throat was dry. He forced himself to swallow, drawing his tongue over his bottom lip as he tried to find the right words.
So he drank his coffee, and ate some toast, and got going- and tried to keep his insecurities quiet.
It could have been five minutes or five hours, but eventually, Dean's breath came easier, and he found himself exhausted.
He groans and sits down, running his hands over his face. “Yeah, I’m sorry,” he sighs. “I’ve seen this before.”
"It's not a bad plan," Cas said generously. "Many humans find themselves soothed through exercise and distractions like reading."
"Dude, I have no idea what you're talking about," Dean said honestly. "You're going to have to elaborate, or move on and spare us both."
“She’s gonna get through that door.” It’s a grim statement, made all the more foreboding by Cas’s assent.
this chapter got away from me a bit- it's long, but a lot happens that desperately needed to happen. I sliced it in half just for the sake of readability. the second half will go up monday. I hope you all enjoy it!
"Yeah, it got banned pretty much everywhere for a while. And?" Dean replied, sensing Cas was going somewhere with this.
"This is true," Cas said matter-of-factly. "In the time I've spent with the two of you, it was quite clear that you had something very special. It was simply a matter of time."
"I love you too," he whispered, then pulled back, collecting himself. He held Jack's face and just looked for a moment at his son. "You be good for Amara," he said with a levity that was only half-forced.
"Mornin', sunshine," Dean said gruffly, his voice gravely and just a little hoarse with disuse. "Sleep well?" he asked, then huffed out a little laugh to himself at the sound of the words. "I sound almost as weird as you, man. Like,
"But I think I know... I think I know now. Happiness isn't in the having. It's in just being... it's in just saying it." And it's not making sense, the sad smile and the electricity and
so much happened yesterday, i literally forgot to post this! who else signed up for gish just to watch the cockles panel??? i can't believe i was thinking the other day that it had been quiet recently. here's 9k+ of revelations. please note that the rating has increased to E, but this is far and away the least explicit smut in the fic...
John looked like a deer in headlights, shaking his head in confusion and backing off of his stepfather. "I- I didn't mean-"
Dean’s boots were already gone, his gun and thigh holster absent too. He’d left his green jacket behind, tossed carelessly aside last night and hidden under the trenchcoat on the floor at the foot of their bed. He slipped his coat on over his clothes and shoved Dean’s jacket into their pack- he knew he’d want it later, even if it was just for the drive back. He slipped on the worn coat, habit- he’d stopped wasting Grace on its upkeep a while ago, but it was still important. It felt like comfort, in some strange way, so he kept on wearing it despite the worn-through elbows or the stubborn little bloodstained spot on the hem.
He turned down aisle seven and skidded to a halt, frozen at the sight that greeted him, and tried to make sense of the hideously macabre tableau.
He received a nearly instantaneous 'you're on, old man. we've been practicing so step it up!!!' followed by 'miss you' a moment later, and he smiled the whole hour-long-drive back.
Cas had said he loved him before. He loved all of them. This time wasn't any different, was it? And it could hardly be a surprise to anyone, Dean thought, that his 'greatest happiness' or whatever he said he had to do to cash in on the deal with the Empty would be sacrificing himself to save Dean. Cas basically lived to help people. He was the best out of all of them. So what if he didn't think he would come back to Dean when he made his choice and took Billie down with him? So what if he didn't love Dean enough to stay with him and not
"Nothing bad!" Cas said quickly. "I found a house. Obviously, we don't have to go see it, if you don't want to, but I really think we should at least consider it. It's got a decent amount of land that I could turn into bee-friendly wildflower fields for the hive to use, and the house itself meets our requirements. Right down to your bathtub."
Then Cas sighed, clearly fed up and prepared to bargain. "If I make you coffee and put some in a thermos will you
"We need to get you to bed," Grandma said, kissing the top of his head. "It's getting awfully late for little boys to be awake."
"Hey, I can totally do math!" Dean said, indignantly posturing with crossed arms and leaning back against the counter with feigned defensiveness even as he was unable to wipe the grin off his face. "How the hell was I supposed to know the exact specifications of a random fucking chocolate bar?"
He paused. "As long as you actually get up," he added. "Otherwise I may be forced to let slip your- ah- coffee indiscretions."
He shredded it into long, wide strips, not letting himself think of how it was the last piece of Jimmy Novak, or how he had repaid the man's sacrifice by being party to the end of the world they both wanted to protect, or how Claire Novak had stopped praying to him weeks ago, now. He got on with the job,
He sounded so certain, so sincere. Dean's breath stopped in his throat for a second, his pulse fluttering with the intensity of Cas's words. He swallowed, stalling, then found his voice and replied: "Then, yeah, man. Sure. If you want. Zepp rocks."
"We all do, man," Dean said. "But, hey," he slid onto the bench seat next to Cas and shoulder-checked him. "You've still got us here to drive you crazy." He smirked and flicked the pen Cas had tucked behind his ear onto the floor.
The bunker was eerily quiet at night, other than the occasional pipe sounds and settling noises. It was a big place, with very few people occupying it. Even during the day, it could seem like he was completely alone within its walls.
The Croats had the remaining seven pinned down against the main truck, snarling and screeching and reeking of blood and gore, strips of flesh and clothing that once adorned their companions now dangling from their teeth. Their single-minded need for the endless consumption of human flesh and that it was currently being denied drove them to a terrifying frenzy, but the hunters were starting to push back, and the Croat numbers were thinning slowly but surely. Cas thought he saw Allen get bitten, but next he glanced at him he looked fine. He’d need to check on that if they made it out alive. He resigned himself quickly to the idea of killing the man before they got back to Chitaqua- Allen was a nice enough man, quick-witted and skilled with a blade and a loom, but nothing was worth bringing a Croat back to camp. He owed it to the man as a human being to grant him a swift death if he’d been infected before Allen himself could realize it. A shot to the back of the head, unawares, had to be better than a clumsy battle and inevitable stab to the chest (Cas knew he would always have the upper hand against a human, even when he had fallen in full) with fear in his heart.
Then the softly petting hand and the warm ribcage were gone, replaced with cool air as Cas started to go, and Dean panicked. A hand shot out from under the blanket before he even realized he meant to move it, and grabbed onto Cas's sleeve.
The cupcake was vanilla with chocolate frosting and purple sprinkles, and it was amazing. Sweet, but not so sweet it hurt. He tried to go slow but he ate the whole thing in record time. Grandma laughed and went over to the tray on the counter, cut into another cupcake from the batch, and gave him half. "If I finish this too, can i get the other half?" Dean asked hopefully, already eying the second piece laying on its side among the other cupcakes.
"Oh, yes," Cas said, matter-of-fact. "I'm a professional apiarist, with a dual degree in theology and entomology from Ohio University. It seemed apt."
"When I experienced a moment of true happiness, the Empty would be summoned and it would take me forever."
"I always wondered since I took that burden, that curse, what it could be. What my true happiness could even look like. I never found an answer. Because the one thing I want..." he looks at Dean in a way Dean can't begin to decipher, almost like he's searching for something in the lines of his face or the strange constellations of his freckles across his cheeks before he shakes his head once, sadly. "It's something I know I can't have."
Next, he tried to stand back up and tell whoever was there to turn the fuck around. No damn privacy.
"Sixty-nine," he breathed in Cas's ear, in the most seductive voice he could manage. He pulled back and grinned, batting his eyelashes just a bit for dramatic effect.
"Probably closer to the 21st," he said thoughtfully. "We should have some real furniture delivered before we move in- and don't try to tell me you'll sleep on the floor while we wait, Dean, that's absurd."
Stepping back and looking over them all, he raised a hand and snapped, and with another terrifying crash of thunder Cas was set alight with restored Grace, his wings casting familiar immense shadows on the wall. His color returned to normal, and he looked just as he always did, if a bit tired.
"No, thank you," Cas said. "I have an aversion to carrots unless cooked. It rearranges the molecules in a way that is much more tolerable than the raw structure."
Sam seized the phone and immediately began devouring the images. "Wow, you're right, it looks incredible," he said, handing the phone back once he reached the end of the album. "What are the specs?"
Dean grumbled to himself as he flicked the bedside lamp on. Skipping his robe, he pulled on some sweatpants, wrapped himself up in the brown fleece blanket that topped his sheets and grabbed his phone. Fortified, he braved the bunker hallways, walking their tiled floors under the cast of weak greenish-yellow light with no real end destination set in his mind.
Dean’s stomach swooped. “Okay, Cas, you were. We’re sorry,” he added quickly, his breath shallow and shaky. “Now let’s just defuse you, okay?” he suggested, the words cumbersome and heavy in his mouth.
But here he was, forty-two years old, and getting ready to play house with a bona-fide capital-A Angel.
"Maybe he doesn't want to be alone, Sam. Isn't that human? We're close, and it makes sense to want to leave the bunker-"
“I know,” she interjected tersely, hacking the head off of a skeletally thin Croat in a tattered suit. “Retrieval? We’ve got this handled here as long as this all the fucking bastards around.”
"Dean, it's so late," Cas admonished. "We have to see the house tomorrow, and you can't drive unless you get some sleep."
"Yeah, who ever thought I'd be a real boy- getting people thoughtful gifts, buying a house, having fucking insurance?" Dean said, hearing himself as though he was quite far away. "Speaking of amazing, I just can't believe Cas is willing to put up with me for who knows how much longer," he continued, and slapped him on the back in emphasis.
“Oh, Dean,” he said softly, “That’s all I ask of you. Just try. Lift up your heart to me, and I will give you everything.”
There was no sign of life in the bathroom or in the hallway beyond as Dean shuffled over to the sink to shave off his two-day scruff, trying to redirect his thoughts to something less depressing, like, like, fuck, the fact that Sam was getting married. To Eileen, literally the coolest woman ever. How crazy was that? Beat God, get hitched.
, Dean crowed victoriously in his head, putting the grilled cheeses in the skillet aside on a cool burner so they wouldn't char while the soup finished heating up.
One night, not long after Mary was killed, when they were still living with John's parents, stuck with Dean in terrible clarity no matter how far removed from that time he came.
"Amen to that," Dean agreed, cracking open his beer and taking a sip. "Anyway, if you think about it, it's not that different from all our insurance scams and fake credit cards over the years, is it? Wouldn't it be incredible if we never had to live like that again? Hell, I bet we could vote if we wanted to. We've even got passports!"
"Well, I don't know," Dean said, crossing his arms uncomfortably. "I've never looked at a house before. Can we just show up? Do we need to make an appointment with an agent or something?"
"Happy birthday, Sam," Cas said solemnly, drawing his legs in closer to himself and watching as he shredded the wrapping paper.
Dean cleared his throat "Ok, yeah, Cas. Whatever you want." He looked back at Kelly-Ann. "Where do we sign? Let's get this show on the road."
"Thank you, Dean, for trusting me with this," Cas replied. "It's a gift to be able to help you. Since I'll be here, anyway," he continued with some hesitation, "would you like me to make you a dream? A good one?"
It was a beautiful day, warm and sunny with just the slightest breeze to keep the air moving. By the time he got to the gas station, a few clouds had started to coalesce in the sky, puffy and in all different shapes, casting the occasional temporary, uneven shadow on the ground below, and never more than that. Perfect driving weather, even if it totally did suck that Sam was stuck in the junker for his whole birthday. It made Dean want to turn Baby north and let her really fly, pressing the pedal down and not letting up until he hit Sioux Falls, or maybe even further, just for the hell of it.
He'd clearly failed, as Cas had turned to face him, face drawn in worry. "Are you sure you're alright? We can just fast forward and flip to the B-side."
"Damn it," he cursed, crouching down on his knees to pick up the pieces, his shaking hands dripping soapy water everywhere.
Cas fidgeted again, and Dean realized he was embarrassed. "I've been practicing while you slept," he admitted. "I needed something to do, and I don't like to leave the bunker at night even with my wings restored, because I want to be close by if something goes wrong. Even if it's just a nightmare. Mostly, though," he continued, smiling a bit sheepishly, "I just wanted to surprise you."
It took almost no time at all to drive back. He scooped up the groceries, determined to make it all in one trip, and stuck the keys in his usual front right pocket. He didn't have that many keys, and maybe it was all in his head, but adding this one made it feel heavier in the fabric. It seemed to nudge into his leg like a persistent little reminder as he walked, one that was saying
He was mortified. Standing there like a dumbass, with tear tracks on his face and a red, splotchy nose, getting told off for a tantrum. "I'm not a fucking child, Cas," he hissed. "Don't baby me." He tried to push away from him, to turn back to the sink and avoid whatever this was, but he couldn't break Cas's grip on his hands. Instead of letting him go, like any normal fucking person, Cas just held on. "You didn't need to heal me," Dean snarled, yanking on his arms ineffectually. "Just let me do the fucking dishes."
He stripped off his clothes, folding them up in a neat little pile for easy transport back to the hamper in his room, shivering just a little as he was seized by the pervasive chill in the air. He padded over to his favorite stall (third from the right) and hung up his towel on the little hook- far enough from the spray to keep it dry, but close enough for quick and easy access once he'd finished.
Cas is looking at him. Not at the Shadow, not at Billie, just looking at Dean through his tears with love radiating off him, and a trace of something wistful in his half-smile. Several things happen very fast.
Dean says it anyway. "I've never seen the sea. Not in real life, I mean. I've seen it in movies, of course, and the Great Lakes a couple times, but..." he trailed off.
"It's like the world hates me. You hate me, Cas," Dean said, feeling utterly betrayed, and yanked his blankets up over his head in protest. They were immediately pulled back down by a force inexorably stronger than his own grip.
Cas took pity on Dean's rambling semi-apology and smoothly interjected, holding his phone out: "Here, Sam, I made an album with the pictures Dean and I took so we could plan for furniture, wall-painting and the like."
After several crushing kisses he pulled back and let Dean come up for air, moving his attention to his neck, scraping the tendon with his teeth and setting rough, sloppy kisses onto the exposed skin. Dean shoved his hands under the hem of Cas's shirt, rucking it up to scratch at his back, to touch the muscles usually well-hidden there, squeezing his shoulders, his narrow waist, and settling on his ass, pulling him closer.
“No, I’m not finished yet,” he said firmly, with the ghost of a cold smile tugging on his features. “Raphael had many followers, and I must-” Cas paused, choosing his words, “
"It's not like that, and you know it," Cas said, rolling his eyes and standing up, "but I will leave immediately after you fall asleep, if that's what you want."
Maybe Dean wasn't in love. He wasn't sure he ever had been, before. But he could give Cas what he needed. He really could make sure, this time, that Cas wouldn't leave. It wouldn't even be that hard, would it? It was Cas.
Through the cacophony of his panic-fueled personal porno-vision, Dean registered something strange- that is, that Cas himself appeared utterly unbothered by the crisis unfolding between them, and was acting like this was just completely normal, everyday stuff. Just, something they did. He was even giving the mixtape a solid review, narrating briefly between songs and offering insightful criticism of the song choices, going over certain lyrics, themes, and musical motifs Dean was almost embarrassed to admit he'd never considered. And here Dean was, panicking, and imagining ridiculous shit, and not even trying to talk to Cas about something that was clearly important to them both.
But he didn’t hurt him. He didn’t hurt Sam, or smite Bobby, or engage in any sort of holy wrath. He just kneeled, in front of Dean, and clasped his clammy hands briefly in his own warm, dry ones before shifting them both to his right hand and raising his right palm to Dean’s cheek, his eyes darting over his features with an air of disbelieving gratitude. It was so...
As he rounded the corner and approached the kitchen, he did a mental fist pump at his timing- he could hear Sam and Cas in the kitchen, speaking quietly to one another.
Somehow, Dean didn't think he wanted that, tonight or tomorrow. He knew, somewhere deep inside, that he still probably drank too much, but- but. This sort of thing, saying
“I don’t know what I can do to make it right between us, Cas,” he said, his throat tightening slightly. “But I want to,” Dean offered, looking down in shame. “I want to be-” he choked out.
Over behind the bookshelves, the door is ajar. “Sam, there, I think they went that way!” Jack exclaims and sprints down the hall, Sam close on his heels.
He squinted out the window at the next mile marker. "We're really close," Cas said, pulling his phone back out and pulling up the realtor's instructions for their visit. "She says that once we're getting off the highway, we turn right and then take the third left. Then-"
Dean eyed him appraisingly at that and tried not to squirm when he noticed just how intently Cas looked back at him. Was it because he knew, now, that Cas was in love with him? Had it always been like that between them, like Cas wanted to either study him forever or eat him alive? He couldn't remember. How had he never noticed? "You know, we really should take you shopping sometime. Get you some new clothes. You can't wear the same three ancient sweaters forever."
"Dean, look at me," Cas begged, releasing Dean's hand and capturing his face between his palms, forcing him to turn, to raise his gaze and meet his eyes. There was no disdain or vitriol there. No disappointment or judgement either. "You are a good man. You are
. And isn't that something- an angel of the former Lord reading Dean's dog-eared, worn-out American classics in the middle of the night, still dressed in the same soft little sweater he'd had on all day, and looking glow-y and golden in the dim lamplight that shone from the sconces along the walls in a way that seemed, to Dean, something like a full-body halo.
"Gonna have to clarify for me, here, cause I'm not picking up what you're trying to put down, here," Dean said, his pulse thumping in his ears, his hands gripping his clothes like a vice. He tried to relax his hold a bit; white knuckles would only lead Sam on like a bloodhound. Dude could smell fear, Dean would swear it.
However, at the end of the first verse he realized he didn't feel the strange tension and sad sense of regret he'd come to associate with the song. "God, I couldn't listen to this song last year at all," he admitted, relieved. "Just the opening riff, the first lines, and I'd start freaking out. No clue why," he added, aiming for casual.
Cas shoved through the access door into the freezers, and out into the store with a recklessness he would have been ashamed of had he been so terrified.
"This is amazing. I can't believe you thought of something like this," Sam said in awe, carefully taking it out of its package.
"Wow, you guys really went all in, didn't you?" Sam looked stunned and maybe even a little jealous. Dean grabbed a couple beers from the fridge and set them on the table, taking one for himself.
He lifted his head to meet Castiel’s eyes in a pose of supplication, his knees aching, his eyes burning with tears as the situation started to overwhelm him. “I want to be forgiven,” he gasped out. “Cas, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. Please forgive us.”
When he finally managed to escape Sam's questions and his wide-eyed incredulous stare, Dean was feeling distinctly irritated. He didn't want to leave Cas behind to field questions about building code and appliance preferences, per say, but at least he seemed to know enough to hold a conversation about house hunting, whereas Dean had just sat there feeling altogether inadequate. Ignorant. Whatever, it didn't matter. It wasn't like Sam was moving into their house, and Dean knew quality living space when he saw it, so it didn't matter if he understood all of Sam's ridiculous criteria and concerns. He swept into his room in a fluttering whirlwind of dead guy robe and grabbed up some clean clothes and a towel, slipping on his shower shoes (ugh, the whole dormitory-style setup was the one real drag) and leaving as quickly as he came. It wasn't like Cas would let them end up living somewhere uninhabitable, anyway. He might not be human, but he definitely had come to appreciate the more particularly nice perks of humanity, like good food, and soft clothes, and- oh,
“Don’t start with that fearless leader shit,” Dean said tightly, rolling his eyes away from Castiel’s face and fixing on a point somewhere over Cas’s shoulder. “Who’s driving?”
Dean eased the Impala off the road up the drive, dust kicking up gently behind them. Cas had gone silent and almost statuesquely still, but he didn't look upset. Far from it, in fact. He parked, and before they even got out of the car, Dean was struck by a feeling. He knew it was perfect. He was already hopelessly gone on it, and they hadn't so much as glimpsed the inside. It looked like a place where, once Jack got back, or if Claire and Kaia wanted to stay, or when Sam and Eileen came to visit, they could be... a family.
"In the meantime, though," Sam said eagerly, "I can't believe I forgot to lead with this. Eileen is moving into the bunker at the end of next month, and we're going to start looking for a real house around here once she gets moved." His face shifted a little, into something a bit ingratiating and apologetic. "She has a dog, though, Dean, and I know you don't exactly love dogs. He's really good though, and quiet, and I'm sure once you're used to him it'll be okay. And it's only going to be temporary," he added.
When the truck broke down thirty miles from Chitaqua, and their radio too, he turned to Dean, pulling on a blue-ish jacket they'd picked up earlier during the run. It fit well.
What was it Lucifer had said to Dean, that night Zachariah stole him out from under Cas’s nose and threw him into the future?
"You have been an excellent caretaker," Cas said sincerely. "I expect that the car will be operational and will still appear to be in good condition for at least another sixteen years even with regular driving. Twenty three, if you're especially cautious."
"Daddy, no!" Dean shouted desperately, running down the stairs and crying for the second time that day. John froze, as if he was in some strange sort of trance, and looked between the blood on his knuckles and Dean's small form on the landing. "Daddy, please don't kill Grandpa," he sobbed.
"You're not actually mad," Cas said tolerantly, loosening his tie and rolling up his sleeves again from where they'd started to fall. He'd gotten all dressed up to meet a termite inspector, the overachiever, but at least he'd shed the coat and suit jacket while he made their drinks. "And you're hardly old."
"Dean. Stop," Cas ordered, stepping up and taking Dean's wrist firmly in hand, and with that, Dean just... did. He let Cas take his hand back under the water, let him wash it out gently with soap, rinse them off and dry them in the fuzzy green towel he pulled from the drawer. Let him check over both hands for any further injuries as his finger bled sluggishly, flipping them to look at the backs of his hands, his palms, and examining each finger with clear gaze and a furrow between his brows, the corners of his eyes gone tight.
"She fabricated some college degrees and bank accounts as well, and pretty much created an entire identity for me from scratch," Cas chimed in. "It was very impressive. The online trail and funds took her less than two hours, and she had me fly by the next day to pick up our IDs and the like."
"Of course I know that, dude. Obviously I love different people. Sam, and Claire, and Jack, Charlie- but that's different," Dean said uneasily. "They're family. You're only supposed to be with one person at a time."
"That's not the same," Sam said. "It's too sterile and professional. If you guys took pictures it would be easier to get a read on the vibes of the place."
He ran his hands through his hair and let himself luxuriate in the smell of his shampoo- mint, lemon, chamomile- freshly herbal and soothing. He worked it into his scalp and rinsed it out carefully before applying his conditioner. Let Sam call him a hypocrite. Hair care matters.
He managed to navigate fairly easily from there right up until the right turn onto West 87th St South, which they nearly missed- it was a dirt road, kind of hidden by some really tall grass at a not-so-obvious intersection, but they did make it, and if the turn was a little sharp, Cas wasn't saying anything about it. The house itself was much harder to miss. With no neighbors as far as the eye could see and a little black mailbox marking the end of the long driveway, the big brick house stood back from the road in a little stand of trees, like an island unto itself surrounded by endless open fields.
"Two ounces," Cas said. "Hmm. Here." He broke off a chunk with his hands. "That's two ounces. Chop it down to approximately the size of chocolate chips. It doesn't have to be perfectly even, it just needs to be small enough to melt quickly without separating."
Dean looked at him, really looked, and still felt like he was missing something, like there was a piece of the puzzle left but he couldn't find its spot. Still, warmth bubbled up in him at the sight, Cas's face and hair cast in bronze, like some sort of Greek God. Cas felt him looking, Dean knew he did, because after a moment he turned and  flashed him a slightly gummy smile, pride clear in the set of his face.
“Ready for what?” Jack asks slowly, glancing over at Sam and turning onto the dirt road that led to the bunker. The tires bounce and slide a little in the mud leftover from last night’s rain, but Jack handles it easily.
Maybe they did. Hypocrites, the lot of them. Especially Sam. He knew, too, all too well, the comfort a bottle of whiskey could bring someone like them.
The upper corner of the glass has spiderwebbed with cracks, but it’s still working. The screen lights up and shows all of the missed calls from the past couple hours. Sam stands and leans on the wall, unlocks the phone and starts searching the most recent texts and the call log for any hint about what could have happened to Cas and Dean, but nothing stands out
, Dean realized, appalled, and snuck a glance at him. He only saw the back of his head, since Cas was leaning on the door and looking out the window, chin propped up on his hand, humming along to the music.
"Yeah, I'll bet she does," Dean rolled his eyes. "Word to the wise, Sammy, don't try to introduce the ex to the current." He took another sip of beer. "Doesn't end well," he said offhandedly to Cas. "Anyway," he said, turning back to Sam for one last teasing barb, "You just want to get between that, you dog."
He was five, now. Grandma had made him a little cupcake, with a candle and everything, and Grandpa gave him a clap on the back and a little package of toy soldiers, army green and in all different poses, wrapped in a square of newspaper tied up with some kitchen string. He set it in front of him at the old dinner table with a proud smile, saying gruffly, "You'll share with Sammy when you're older, Dean, but he's still too young for grown-up toys like this."
He quickly realizes he isn’t going to miraculously find an answer on the internet. Maybe once they get to the bunker, he’ll find something in their library. In the seven years they've lived there, Sam feels like he’s only just begun to scratch the surface of the knowledge gathered there. He breathes a sigh and tucks his phone back in his jacket pocket and tries to stop his bouncing knee.
Castiel was brighter than the sun, and he was beautiful. He was the most terrifying thing Dean had ever seen, because somewhere in there, he could still see Cas, the old Cas. He let Crowley go. Dean was going to kill that demon, but- later. Later, when they got out of here and got Sammy put back together.
Some time later- the light out in the hall was still on, shining under the door, so it couldn't have been too long- Dean was jolted out of his fitful slumber by the roar of an engine and the slamming of a car door. The front door opened and shut too, rattling in its frame and shaking the house with the force that had been applied to it.
Cas shifted in his seat. "I did attempt to avoid this level of fraud, at first, but I soon realized it would be impossible for us to pursue homeownership without a lot of less-than legal assistance. I'm just grateful she was willing to help us."
"Dean," Sam said seriously, and there was his 'I'm well adjusted, so it's emotions time' voice- "did you think any of this,
He yanked his coat off with a twinge of regret. It was bloodied and worn and what he was about to do with it felt like a milestone he was loathe to reach.
"Dean," Cas growled out between them, rolling Dean's nipple between his fingers beneath his shirt until it was stiff and he was keening with pleasure, arching into it and pressing their bodies together. He yanked at Cas's hips, thrusting up, up, up in a desperate hunt for friction. He'd never been this hard in his life. No forty-two year old had any right to act this much like a horny teenager about to come in his pants on prom night, but damn if that wasn't
"I'll get another thirty out of her," Dean said with confidence, patting the dashboard. "She's my best girl. I know how to treat her right."
"Coffee?" came Sam's voice, at least two octaves too high to be even remotely close to the realm of normal. "I- Cas? Did you just come out of Dean's room?"
"I have to go to Heaven," Jack said abruptly, putting his hand back down. "There's work that needs doing. Without more angels, it's going to collapse. Then I'll restore the other universes. It's not right what Chuck did- unmaking them all like that, just because he wanted to hurt us. Amara wants-" he shimmered, blurring at the edges, before appearing to split in two.
Dean made the executive decision to extract his hand. Just do something normal afterwards- distract, distract, distract. Let him think it's nothing, that you're fine, and haven't been going absolutely batshit inside your head for the last three songs. He squeezed Cas's leg, gently- and damn, his fucking quads, what the
"Three months," Dean interrupted him, the words catching in his throat. "It's been three months, and no one has needed me. No one has asked me to put my ass on the line, again. I'm-" his voice broke. "I'm out, dude. Sue me for wanting a life where I actually see the sky on a daily basis, rather than living like some kind of underground prisoner."
"Do you need me to put you to sleep again?" Cas asked, lifting his other hand as he turned back to Dean.
"Yeah, cause I've never heard "Somebody to Love" in my life, Dean," Sam replied, clearly already exasperated with his antics. "Get out from under there, dude."
human being I will ever know." Cas pauses, pressing his lips together, and Dean can tell he's going to say something more, but he doesn't know why Cas is saying any of this, unless...
"Thanks, Cas," Sam said, the residual tension from their fight starting to clear from his face. "Hey! A camera?" Sam queried, pulling out the box and inspecting it.
His hand stayed put, and every single rational brain cell he had ever possessed went silent as he was left completely at a loss as to what he should do next. His thoughts spiraled and devolved into invisible panic, and still his hand lingered as the first track, "Immigrant Song" started up, bold and irrepressible.
"Thirty seconds, Sammy. Keep your shirt on," Dean said, fiddling with the spark plugs one last time. He ducked out from under the hood and closed it up, wiping his hands off on an ancient grease rag. Sam looked vaguely annoyed and like he might be a little nauseous. Great, all signs of a Sam-induced heart-to-heart. Dean's
Sam looked dumbstruck, a slight flush of embarrassment pinking his cheeks. "Oh," he said weakly. "I wasn't trying to accuse you of... of that. I wasn't. I know you care about Cas. But you're not the easiest to get a read on, and this all just seemed. You know..." he trailed off. "I just don't want either of you getting hurt."
"Shit, I almost forgot," he said, temporarily abandoning his dinner. He grabbed the envelope from where he'd set it aside and handed it over to Cas. "You were right, the keys and everything already came."
When they landed, a millisecond and millennia later, his wings burned away into nothingness in a wave of electric, minty-white pain that forced him to the ground. In the aftermath, panting and sweating and shaking in Dean's arms and clutching at his handprint on Dean's shoulder, he realized his Grace, or what was left of it, anyway, had consolidated into a bright little ball in his chest. Like a soul.
He made a quick mental note to test the water pressure out at any house they even so much as looked at. No piddly, weak little showers for him, thanks. He'd spent enough time in crappy motels and dingy little cabins to last him a lifetime. He deserved some creature comforts.
"Yeah, yeah, masculinity, image to maintain, I got it," Cas said seriously, relinquishing the blankets. "It'll be our secret. As usual."
"It's pretty damn good," Sam admitted, slinking over to the table with his salad. "I'll have some too, Dean. If there's enough," he added.
"Sometimes," she said slowly, "bad things happen. Bad things happen to kids, or to grown ups, and no one can stop it. And then the people those things happened to are hurt, or sad. Sometimes for a long time." Dean nodded. What happened to Mom was bad, and Dad was sad, most of the time, when Dean saw him. She continued, "Nothing your Daddy does or doesn't do right now is your fault. You can't fix him, and you can't change what happened, baby."
"Jack," Cas said, reaching out and pulling him in, "Thank you." He set his head against Jack's and took a shaky breath.
As he finished pulling the blankets up around his chin, how he liked them, Cas sat on the edge of the bed next to him, making the mattress dip down towards him with his weight.
“Cas,” Dean said faintly, unable to tear his eyes away from his friend’s face even as Bobby attempted to fight his holy gag order from his place next to him. “I… I’ll try. For you,” he added, trying to add a note or resolve to his voice as his thoughts roared in fear and grappled with the idea, stuck on the precipice of this terrible new unknown he had run up against. But he truly had no choice.
Dean stirred again now that the soup was fully thawed and stuck his finger in. Still ice cold. He turned up the gas a little. "Well, do you remember that time, years ago, when Charlie gave us that infinite credit card?"
"If you want me to," Cas said. "It's easy enough, but I'd have to monitor you in case it turned bad, so I could shut it all down before it woke you up."
"I know you won't be able to walk it," Cas said quietly, unable to meet his eyes even as he interrupted him. "I did what I could, but you'll be weak for days. You need time."
Silence. Dean's Grandpa made a face and got up from the table, and went into the kitchen. He looked angry, but that couldn't be right. Grandpa was never angry.
Dean shook his head violently. "Won't be sick, this is so good. It's even better than the cake we had for Sammy's birthday. It's almost as good as
Cas smiled thinly and indicated his bowl. "If you always cook as well as you have this soup it will hardly be some sort of trial for me to live with you, Dean."
Cas gasped into his skin, pinching his nipple in retaliation and sucking a buzzing little bruise into the sensitive spot behind his ear. A punched-out little moan echoed at that, and Dean realized it was
- and patted him on the knee as he pulled away, feeling like a clown and a dirty little liar when he oh-so-casually reached up to 'fix his hair' in a transparent attempt to make the moment seem not-loaded. Not-gay.
Dean couldn't take any more of this. Something slid out of place, in his brain, and shut it all down behind foggy glass walls- the fear, the guilt, the confusion, all the questions he had about what he'd just overheard. He pasted on a neutral expression and started walking again, making sure his footsteps were clearly audible but not too loud because that sort of shit was an eavesdropper's dead giveaway.
the smile in his voice, the bastard. "As I was saying, though, you did manage to give yourself a concussion. I'm almost impressed at the velocity with which you managed to stand up, at your age," he teased lightly.
Cas squinted at him for a moment. "Yes, I think I will," he declared. "But we will not be able to plant them until next weekend when we move in, so you'll have to dig the UV lights out of storage."
She held him tighter. "He just needs time. And that might be hard. But Grandpa and I love you, so much, and we'll be here to love you until your Daddy is better and can be like a real dad again." She sounded a little strangled, but he could tell she was being very serious with him.
He could hear voices downstairs, one loud and angry, the other two softer, but filled with no less conviction. The loud, angry man kept raising his volume higher and his tone lower until he was near shouting, and Dean started to worry that Sammy might wake up too, even considering how hard he slept. He decided to get up and check on him. His baby brother might need him, and he was good at helping Sammy go back to sleep. He padded as quietly as he could to the door and opened it slowly, making sure it wouldn't hit the wall and make a noise. With the door open, the voices downstairs were much clearer, and he realized that the loud, angry man was Dad.
“I mean- I don’t know,” Dean floundered. “I just meant, you know. With hunting. The job, you know? What if something happened to the hive while we were on a case?”
Cas just laughed and looked back to the road. Dean went back to staring out the window at the fields rolling by, warm and comfortable and considering a nap.
And he was gone, just like that, off to bed with Dean left gobsmacked in his wake. Blindsided for the second time that night.
He stood up after collecting them up without once making eye contact with Cas, and, hands full of most of the pieces, dumped them in the garbage. He knelt again to gather up the smaller shards, his mind a step and a half behind his body.
"Yeah," Dean said, laying his sandwich in the skillet. He pulled out his key ring and showed off the new addition. "Already got this old key on the ring. Just until we get new ones."
If you asked him, in the moment or years on, Dean couldn’t have said where the idea came from, only that, against his better (worse) judgement, it came, and then he was asking:
"I'm sure he'll be a perfect angel," Amara teased dryly. "Or, rather, a perfect little nephil. Isn't that right, Jack?"
"I've already texted the agent from the website," Cas replied. "I might have been a little overly enthusiastic about finding something like this. I should have asked you first, but I'm asking now."
"I will be negotiating the purchase and eventual delivery of my bees with another local apiarist, as well as retrieving all the necessary components for a hive and several raised plant beds in addition to purchasing seeds for the wildflowers we discussed reintroducing to the fields," Cas replied dryly. "I think you can handle picking up the keys to our house, Dean."
"Daddy?" Sam said tremulously, on the verge of tears. The whole scene was too familiar, and all Dean could think was
Then Dean grabs onto Cas, and they die together in the Empty's grasp, yanking them away and shoving them into sleep, deep into never-ending nightmares and swirling regrets.
at Dean, he smiles and it hurts to look at him and Dean can't imagine ever looking away because this feels bigger than Billie, bigger than Chuck even.
"Well, I think that's our cue," Amara said, holding out her hand to Jack. He took it. "Lots of particles to hunt down, lots of people to save. Goodbye, boys."
But it wasn't really freedom, was it? He was always looking over his shoulder, terrified that his dad would come to get him, tell him it was all another test and that he'd failed, scared to death he'd lose what little drifter-party boy life he's managed to build for himself in an instant if he put himself just an inch too far over the line, let himself get too comfortable playing at being
"Yeah, yeah," Dean agreed, "I've definitely read my share of Tolstoy in my time. Used to bore me to sleep as a kid, then after a certain point I couldn't get enough. But you," he teased with a smile, "reading my old books? I didn't really take you for the Salinger type."
"For a start," Cas said icily, "I would appreciate it if you would stop treating me like a child, Samuel. I think you can grant me that courtesy."
"I understand," Cas said, leaning forward and turning the sound system up a bit, gently spinning the dial between his fingers. "This one's my favorite, even more than "The Rain Song". I-" he paused, looking contemplative. "You know, I'm not sure why."
"Do you want me to use the Google to look it up?" Jack asked eagerly, pulling out his phone. "Sam taught me how to do it!"
Cas's fingers flew furiously over the keyboard. "Oh, yes!" he cheered. "They have it. Ok, shh, listen- this song is so beautiful. Her voice is so melancholy and pure, and she understands loneliness and longing and the temporary, transient nature of the human experience like no one else I've ever heard. It's spectacular."
"No, no, don't talk like that," Cas said desperately, kneeling beside Dean. He took their pack of his back with shaking hands and shoved his angel blade somewhere inside. "We can fix this. You'll be okay."
) his living-not-living spent in leather jackets too large for him and in whiskey bottles that drowned him, reveling in the bruises his dad and the monsters set too deep in his skin for his bones to bear (
“Big run today,” Chuck said with a tentative smile, his hands clasping a chipped mug filled to the brim with his ridiculously indulgent tea, wafting a cascade of steam out over the railing of his cabin porch before dissipating into the air. “Don’t forget the perishables if you can get at them, ok? We’re seriously low on-”
"What's wrong?" Dean asked immediately, before the kid could slip away and mope. They'd been having such a good day, why was he upset all of the sudden?
Still, if he couldn't sleep, maybe he could read. He turned around by the bathrooms and headed up to the library, blanket fluttering like a cape behind him as he walked. As he walked in the room he did a double take and nearly turned around again to return to his room empty handed, feeling like he was intruding somehow, because there with his feet up on the big wooden table was Cas, reading what Dean is pretty sure is his old high school copy of
When he used to let himself think about what it could be like on the other side of the picket fence if he ever did manage to leave hunting behind, that definitely wasn't what he thought he'd get. He would think about Lisa, or Cassie (even after she broke his heart) and he'd imagine an apple-pie life like he saw on TV shows. He was pretty sure, now, that life didn't really exist. He'd had something like it with Lisa, once, but it wasn't real. She was too permissive with him, too good and normal to be with someone like who he was when he landed on her doorstep exhausted and half out of his mind with grief. They wouldn't have worked, in the end. That was okay. He didn't want that life anymore. Not with Lisa, anyway- sure, she knew about the monsters, and she cared for Dean, she really did- but when it came down to it, she never knew him. Not really. And he never knew her, either. They both wanted the ideal they'd built up in their heads, but never the real person in bed with them. It was like a djinn dream, almost. Beautiful, and in turns heart-wrenchingly sweet and terribly bitter, but wrong. It wasn't real.
"Square root of four thousand, seven hundred and sixty-one, then," Cas shot back, adding the last of the chocolate and stirring again. "Prove it," he teased.
“I know you did, Cas,” Dean said. “Thank you. I- thank you. You were right, about everything, and I should have listened to you. I was wrong. I should have trusted you.” The words tasted like poison in his mouth. A part of him meant it. A part of him was just desperate enough to say anything. The rest of him wanted to see the cold monster in front of him dead. But how could he turn back now, without sentencing them all to death? If he played his cards right, he might even be able to save Castiel. Surely if he could get him to let go of those souls, he’d start to see reason, would be
they were everywhere. Of course not all at once, that wasn't possible, but Cas couldn't seem to keep his hands off any part of him, stroking his stomach, his thighs, brushing his nipples, and shit, even through his shirt they were sensitive.
"It's not like it'll kill you to ask. Just go for it," Dean said, taking a long pull from the bottle. Soup was getting close to a simmer, finally.
He scrunched himself up under the covers and pressed his face into the pillow. Fuck, but he missed the kid. All the sick shit Chuck put in his head, all the times he said he wasn't family- it was just wrong. It didn't fit with what he knew of their relationship at all. Sometimes, the stuff Chuck wrote with the heaviest hand seemed the most dream-like of all. Just, unreal. It made Dean wonder just how many of his his most terribly surreal moments were Chuck's fault. Probably all of them, if he had to guess.
Castiel wrenched his eyes away from Dean’s and cast his gaze down to the floor between them. Was he considering it?
"Huh," Sam said pensively. "Hmm. I wonder if- do you think she'd do the same for me? Eileen has never had any trouble with the law like we have, so it would just be me. Even though I know she loves me no matter what, it'd be great if Eileen and I could actually get married, like, legally. We were planning on a commitment ceremony, but being married to her, for real... I'd like that. A lot."
Cas looked startled for a moment, but it smoothed out into a look of determination and understanding.
"Yes, sir," Dean said, trying to muster a brave face, scooping the money and key off the floor and shoving it all in his pocket. "Thank you, sir," He grabbed Sammy by the hand and tugged him out of the motel room, and started the long walk to the corner shop John had been at earlier.
"Got him!" Dean crowed in triumph, finally pulling the fish out from under the surface into the air. It was a great silvery thing, long and thin and with a strange looking nose. "Huh," he said, stumped. "I've never seen one of these before. It's still smaller than your catfish," he added, smiling at Jack at thumping him soundly on the back.
- he thought of Lisa, for the second time in a week. It was sort of bizarre. It really had been ten years, hadn't it? He didn't regret leaving her, he didn't, but sometimes...
“Cas!” Jack shouts, bursting into the room only to find... nothing. “No, no!” he pleads with the air as he skids to a stop and Sam bumps into him, making him stumble over the chair sitting in the middle of the room. Sam steadies them with a hand on Jack’s upper back before clapping him with it apologetically and stepping away.
“What do you want, Dean?” Castiel asked, taking another step forward, the very picture of authority and control. One more step and Dean could reach out and touch him. The air was electric, heady with power as it positively radiated from his body.
"It will be nice, at the very least," Cas agreed, "but it's all the same to me, because we're staying together. And that's what's important."
"Well, we kinda struck gold on the very first one we saw," Dean said proudly. "I don't know how Cas did it, but it's perfect, dude. You're gonna love it. I can't wait for you and Eileen and the others to visit. It's not like here. It's a real home."
Fortunately, Sam and Eileen were incredibly resourceful, and after two long, terrible weeks, they'd found the witch coven responsible. Unfortunately, not all the witches in the coven were responsible for the deaths (blood sacrifices in a power ritual they intended to complete over the course of the month) and ended up turning on the two who were, "Eviscerating them. Midair," Sam added, a strange mixture of disgust and respect in his tone.
The drive back to the bunker is swift and eerie, and Sam knows now it definitely wasn’t just them. The roads, which had been packed with traffic just this morning, are empty except for the abandoned cars left stranded on the side of the road or twisted into hunks of cheap glittering metal and glass after crashing into each other with no drivers behind their wheels, and no passengers either. The drive down SR-36 takes barely half the time it should- Jack has a bit of a lead foot, and it’s not like there’s anyone left to stop them for speeding.
"I'm glad you made it, Sam," Cas said in a distressingly level voice, placing the newly-extricated angel blade on the table in front of him before turning to glance at Sam. “But the angel blade won’t work, because I’m not an angel anymore,” he said, matter-of-fact as could be, as if he hadn’t just dropped yet another massive bomb on their lives. Sam looked to Bobby, his eyes wide, and Bobby shrugged back minutely, similarly floored.
"Okay," Dean replied, freezing his balls off and really wanting to get up. "It's really cold in here."
. He turned back to Sam, clothes in hand and hoping his body language screamed 'move out of my path immediately'. "What, Cas?"
"Just. I don't know, take your shoes off, yeah?" Dean instructed with an uncomfortable smile, trying to mask his nervousness. "I know you're all next-to-godliness clean or whatever but I gotta draw a line somewhere, and shoes in bed? Pshhh. Big no-no."
"I'll be just fine, Cas," Jack said, nodding. "Please be safe," he continued, looking over at Sam and Dean. "I don't want to have to pull any more family out of the Empty. That place gives me the creeps."
"Well, isn't that something," Grandma said, sitting down in her chair next to Grandpa. "That's a very nice compliment, Dean. Thank you."
"I know." Cas says simply. "I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see yourself the same way our enemies see you. You're destructive, and you're angry, and you're broken. You're- you're 'Daddy's blunt instrument'. And you think that hate, and anger, that, that's what drives you. That's who you are."
, Dean noticed. Strong, soft, and broad, with a gentle grip and long, agile fingers. So different from Dean’s own hands, already scarred from the last few years of wear and tear since his resurrection. Of course, he’d noticed before. Noticed that sort of thing about Castiel, how he used his hands to fight, to pray, to eat and to comfort, how they looked drenched in blood and how they looked at rest. How they looked striking a blow to his own face, and how they looked when he healed him. They were one of a million things Dean knew about him better than he knew himself.
"Please, like you're any better," Sam said, rolling his eyes and throwing together a salad at the speed of light. "You want any?"
"Dean, I didn't come here to fight or try to boss you around." Sam looked defeated, tired. "Why do you even want to buy a house with Cas, anyway? You love the bunker."
Dean wandered over to the fridge and started pulling things out. Cheddar, gruyere, mayo, sourdough out of the breadbox, a tupperware from the freezer- "I'm making grilled cheese and tomato soup, if anyone wants any," he said pointedly.
The soup had congealed on the sides and was sticking horribly to the metal no matter how hard he scrubbed at it with his little sponge. His shoulders were hunched over and tense and it made his neck ache as he glared at the stubborn bits with burning eyes. He felt a drop of water roll down his cheek, then another, and swiped at it automatically with his forearm before realizing with hot, terrible shame that they were tears.
"Have you met me?" Dean asked, looking at the green and purple spinach-kale monstrosity taking shape in the big mixing bowl with trepidation.
And Dean thinks he knows, now. "Why does this sound like a goodbye?" he asks, dreading Cas's answer because they are on some precipice now that there is no coming back from once they jump, and he can't take it anymore.
Cas squatted down next to him and laid a hand on his shoulder again. "Hey. Don't do this to yourself."
"See, that's more like it," Dean said, eyes crinkling fondly at the angel's enthusiasm. "We'll be there in no time now, Cas."
down on the desk. It seemed like perhaps too small a space for two grown men to occupy, but frankly Dean was too tired to care. He took off his blanket wrap and put it back on the bed, tugging at the sheets until they laid mostly flat across the mattress. Cas just stood there looking at him as he fixed his bed, didn't look away when he took his sweatpants off and got into bed, just stood there all patient and tall and good, and as Dean felt a warmth rise in his cheeks, at the back of his neck, he realized he was blushing. Literally blushing under Cas's gaze like the exact kind of schoolgirl he claimed not to be. He squashed the thought down. It wasn't like he could control his capillaries, and Cas didn't care if the human body did weird, inexplicable things sometimes.
Risa smacked him in the chest. “Get in the truck, idiot.” She turned her gaze to Dean, an odd glint in her eye. It felt sticky and wrong in his core but Cas stamped the feeling down. “Group brief over the radio on the way?” she asked.
you, Dean," he admitted, looping his arms around Dean's waist, "in every way possible." He paused, then squinted suspiciously. "And what? Thinking what?"
"Maybe?" Dean said, like an idiot, trying to shift into a slightly less undignified position. He failed, because suddenly every muscle in his lower back was seizing up, and his head was all throbby and gross feeling. "No, no, I'm not- ugh," he groaned, putting his face in his hands. Hiding. Cas moved a hand to the top of his head, big and warm and lovely, just like Dean knew it would be if he had Cas cut his hair.
He pulled back with more than a little reluctance, his stomach twisting as a fakely jovial grin tugged at the corners of his lips, and clapped Dean on the shoulder. “Let’s go, fearless leader. We’ve got a mission to run, don’t you know?”
Cas snatched his hands back as if he'd been burned, and he was suddenly five feet away again, standing over the pot and grabbing the serving ladle. Weird. "As... funny as that was, a dirty joke was not my intention. I apologize. The human proclivity for assigning sexual or other meanings to numbers escaped my mind for a moment," he said, his voice stilted. "Please pass me your mug."
Cas shrugged. "I thought it might be nice to use instead of a caramel or plain sugar. I got lucky, I guess."
So he scooted over to Cas and cuddled right up to him, the whole nine yard- tangled their feet together, threw an arm around him and laid his head in the crook of his neck. "Thanks, Cas," he whispered, breathing him in. Warm cypress, petrichor, ozone. Familiar.
, just carried on? How many more times could Dean drive him away before he simply stopped coming back? Could Cas love him, still, after everything? It seemed suddenly, terrifyingly clear that the void that kept cracking open between them was his own doing, and yet he couldn’t even begin to understand how it formed in the first place. Looking at Cas, the set of his shoulders and the sad downward turn of his mouth, he knew that he needed to do something to stop it, now.
It was something his dad never did. John Winchester was not a good man, but he thought he was. He believed, right down at his very core that what he did, all of it, was good. Justified. Righteous, even.
Dean laid the whisk on his little catch-all dish and moved to the cutting board, where a large block of bittersweet chocolate and a knife still lay from Cas's earlier efforts. "How much?" he asked, picking up the knife. It was the same large, smooth-looking silver one he usually used for cooking.
When he emerged from the bathroom, Grandma was there waiting for him, running a brush through her dark hair. As she tucked him into bed, handing him his soft little stuffed cat, he spoke.
, “it’d be awfully nice to be somewhere we could have a garden.” He took a deep breath. “You know. For the bees.”
"I don't think you'll need to worry about the dog, Sam. Dean and I are going to purchase a house nearby soon as well," Cas said, and drained his mug. "We're going to raise some bees."
It’s kind of awesome how well the kid is keeping it together, all things considered. Jack glances sideways at Sam from time to time, trying to gauge his plan (or lack thereof) with a sweet concern for his emotions. Blessedly, he doesn’t say anything during the drive other than asking for directions to the nearest gas station when their tank is nearly empty about two hours out of Lebanon. Sam wants to scream and cry and curse at Chuck and beg for his help, but he swallows the urge because he knows it can’t possibly help him. Besides, he has a terrible feeling that that’s exactly what Chuck wants. Chuck wants him to follow his stupid script. But he won’t, so he tries to distract himself with research- though what could possibly fix this he doesn’t know. He just wants to do something, anything, to make the ache in his heart where Eileen was hurt less.
"I just don't want this day to end," he admitted in a wistful little tone. "This really is the best day ever, Dean. I mean it."
"Oh, sure," Dean said. "Just pop open the glovebox, I've got some good old stuff in there, Metallica, Black Sabbath, Judas Priest-"
Cas's eyes widened. "Oh. Yes. Sorry," he said, turning around. Facing the mirror and looking directly at their reflections. "I- okay," he said. Averted his eyes to the ceiling in a desperate attempt to preserve Dean's modesty, which had left the building twelve years ago when Cas rebuilt him pretty much from scratch.
"We had a bet going," Cas said, snapping the bacon in half and wolfing it down, having met his approval. "Dean thought Eileen would propose first," he said, swiping his fingers perfunctorily across his napkin to clean them before beginning to inspect his eggs with the same degree of scrutiny he had subjected the bacon to. "I knew you'd propose first, though," he added smugly.
Sammy looked on, confused, before he decided that if Dean was crying, he should probably be crying too.
"Yeah, I guess- I just needed some help sleeping. It happens. Sorry we can't all be perfect well-adjusted nappers like you, Sam," Dean said in a biting tone. "I ran into him in the library, he knocked me out, and I let him stay in here to read so he wouldn't have to be alone in the library all night. Even angels need company, dude."
He spit into the gleaming white china sink and rinsed, watching the minty suds swirl down the drain with an absent sort of interest.
There is-" Cas's forehead crinkles up in thought. "There's one thing she's afraid of. There's one thing strong enough to stop her," he says. Dean swallows his fear in the silence that follows, only to be dealt a new blow.
"Do you ever imagine a life less fucked up than ours?" he asked Cas suddenly over the static at the end of the tape, clenching his hands around the wheel.
He looked away, moved, and closed his eyes with the barest ghost of a smile on his face, and waited for Dean to wake up.
"I love you," Cas whispered, his voice wrecked. With that finally said, he grabbed his exhausted, weary Grace, and though it fought him and slipped through his grasp, he got hold of it and he
. So why would we stay here in the bunker? We don't need to hide out here forever if there's no reason to stay underground." Dean flashed him a shaky smile. "Besides, I mean, I'm not exactly getting any younger here. I'd have to slow down soon anyway. So it makes sense. If you want. To buy a house with me."
"Of course," Cas said, producing the tape from what appeared to be thin air. A special angel-made time/space extra-dimensional little pocket. Whichever.
Cas paused, considering. "Well, no one is asking you to." Dean nodded. Cas looked like he had something more to say, worrying his bottom lip with his teeth. He seemed to make a sudden decision and spoke again. "You are aware that Rowena is bisexual?" he asked slowly.
With no warning, John was on his feet, stalking over the bed, his gaze fixed on Sam and his hand raised, and it was like the night of Dean's fifth birthday again, but this time he was going to hit Sam and
The thought made his stomach twist, a wave of nauseated fear splashing over him. He just hoped it didn't show in his face.
"Oh, yes- well," Cas said, glancing back at the book, face-down and open on the table. "I have a certain fondness for this book. For its time, it was something revolutionary."
"I know you're grieving, John, but this isn't fair to the boys. It was Dean's birthday today, and he missed you so much he cried!" Millie said passionately. "You have to give up this ridiculous crusade you're on, honey, you're losing your sons-"
Looking directly at Cas from his lap didn't seem like such a great idea anymore. He flushed. "That if we did something you'd regret it," he bit out, embarrassed.
"This discussion is pointless," Cas said tonelessly. "I respect your concerns, and they are not without merit, but you will not change my mind. Listen, I-" his voice broke, the emotionless façade cracking open again. "I
and demanded an explanation. The asshole couldn't even keep a straight face when he replied, all fake-innocence and saccharinely sweet: 'Oh, you didn't do that on purpose?' and was immediately pelted with a slice of bread in retaliation. It stuck for a second, buttered-side-to-skin.
