“I’ll start talking to Dr. Philips again,” he conceded. “I think I’ll probably need to start up every couple days or so, maybe more until I’ve gotten things under control again.”
"I can't wait to show him everything! It's been so long since we saw him, and even at Dad's funeral we only talked for a little bit."
Steve sat for hours beside his best friend's sleeping body, thankfully the man thought ahead and brought his sketch pad and pencils to occupy both his hands and his mind. He sighed as he looked at the completed drawing on the page. It was Bucky, but the Bucky from years ago, the Bucky that went down during that awful mission. A Bucky he didn't know if he'd ever truly see again.
"Now," The blonde man stood up and held a hand out for Dean. "How's your courage level? We're about to check on an angry Russian redhead with martial arts training. You ready?" He teased.
"Now. I believe your papa told you to do your homework. You better get on it so you can beat the next level of your game tonight! If you don't I will!" Dean teased as Clint chucked. Clint headed towards the stairs with a small smile towards his father.
.” It had to be Dean’s writing. Loki still called him Mr. Stark, despite multiple reminders otherwise, and the others called him Dad. So Dean had made everyone supper. Awesome. Now Tony just had to make the lunches. Thor and Sam were undoubtedly in bed already.
"Either he's a genius or he's an idiot," the gruff voice murmured, still chuckling. "Alright. No, Sam and Dean are not going to be in danger for 'leaving' our 'way of life'. With our...gang... anyone can come and go as they wish. Doesn't mean that when they get older the things they know aren't gonna bite them in the ass though."
The three waited for it seemed like hours while Dean was whisked away by scrubs-clad professionals. Tony’s personal doctor met them at the doors and immediately took charge of the situation, commanding the men and boy to
"Genetics. Come on, Steve, you know that." Tony laughed when the love of his life started ticking him in retaliation.
“Exactly. With our own eyes. That's hard proof, okay?” Dean shouted back, then stepped closer to his little brother. “Okay, all right. You know what? I get it. You've got faith. That's– hey, good for you. I'm sure it makes things easier. I'll tell you who else had faith like that: Mom. She used to tell me when she tucked me in that angels were watching over us. In fact, that was the last thing she ever said to me.”
With a dramatic sigh, the man placed his right hand on his heart, with the unfortunate side effect of splattering syrup on his shirt. "I solemnly swear not to have any surprises today, even though they would be totally awesome."
“Great job, Dean!” Tony praised the teen as he watched Dean put the final touches on the Rolls Royce.
Steve almost threw Tony off of him with how forcefully he arched his back. He gripped the engineer's hair so tightly that he had to force his hand to relax a couple of times out of fear he was hurting the man.
“Yes, really,” Steve replied. “We already have a date booked this weekend. Is that alright with you?”
"Shh, Buck, gotta save your strength," Steve whispered again. Bucky felt fingers tracing through his matted hair. "Just try to open your eyes for me, pal. I just need to see those steely blues again."
Without him, Sammy could've found a loving foster home in half the time. Hell, even his dad only saw Dean as a reminder of his mom and a babysitter for Sam. A lot of the time Dean wondered if his dad ever wanted him in the first place, or if it was his mom that wanted kids and then his dad just got stuck with him.
The kids are doing fine, they miss you too, of course, but none of their therapists are reporting anything new so…. At least there’s that.
"I think I like Steve and Tony more than Dad," the boy admitted quietly. "Does that make me a bad son?"
"Of course. Just make sure you let me know if I go too fast okay, I don't want to lose you part way through. How about we go to the library after dinner?"
The teen smiled softly before reaching into his jeans and pulling out a crumpled piece of paper. “I know just the one.”
"This is Tony and Steve Stark, Sam and Dean's foster parents," Tony answered quickly, not wanting the man to hang up again. "We met at John's funeral, I believe."
This particular morning, however, held slight changes. Tony, already alert and holding a cup of coffee, was standing in the doorway of the kitchen when Dean came down. Meanwhile, Thor stood in Dean’s usual spot–eating half the pancakes before they even reached the table, it would seem.
"That can be a project for after school," Tony interjected, looking at his watch. "You guys need to get going if you're gonna make it on time."
Sam jumped at the chance to change the subject. “So what’s going to happen on Christmas Eve anyway?” he asked. “I mean I know we’re gonna go to church, but like, is there a schedule or anything?”
"Thank you, but I will be fine. I have my brother and your partner, not to mention I'm not one of the children losing their father to a foreign conflict," the teen smiled politely.
“Of course, young scholar. How may I be of assistance?” Thor abandoned the sink and turned to completely face his youngest sibling.
Climbing in the luxury car, Dean held his breath as he inserted the key and turned the engine. At the sound of the smooth purr, Dean’s face broke out into a huge smile, laughing at the cheering Tony was making from behind the hood.
Tony gave a small smile. “But what else is having a perfect memory if I can’t use it against my husband for his own good?” he asked playfully. “Can we try that again?”
Shaking his head, Dean denied the opportunity to tell the man how they all knew each other, instead, he went for a less dangerous, and possibly more relevant route. “They drink. A lot.”
"Finally!" Tony exclaimed as he shut the door to their bedroom. He'd taken a step back all evening, letting the kids get their fill of papa, waiting patiently while they said their goodnights until it was only the husbands left.
“I was twenty one when I lost both of my parents in a car crash,” Tony revealed when Sam turned his gaze to the man.
"I wish I were there, Love. I'd hold you right now and just whisper that everything's gonna be alright now," Tony smiled. "He's safe and sound now because of you, Steve."
I feel like I keep apologizing for how long updates lol. Know that no matter how long it takes, I'm very much dedicated to finishing this series!!!
"Relax, Steve, nothing is going on with Clint," the engineer assured the panicking man. "I was….struggling to keep up with everything while you were gone and Dean picked up the slack and decided to 'take on' responsibilities for his younger brothers. Not ideal, but it's nothing new for him."
Steve shushed the boy, cupping his foster sons face and brushing his cheek with his thumb. "I accept your apology. It's all in the past now, it's okay."
“Hey, Dean, you okay?” Steve asked softly,  bending down a little so to catch the teen’s eye. The question broke Dean’s concentration and the world snapped back into place. The family was currently having a pizza party to celebrate with Mr. Coulson, Mr. Wilson, and even Bobby. The noise from the kitchen and dining room saturated the air and travelled into the den where Dean had escaped to.
Steve could've cried right then. He pulled his youngest in for a tight hug and kissed the boy's hair. "I think that's a wonderful idea, sweetheart. I know he would absolutely love it if you did that for him."
"Your dad is talking to Loki right now about what he said, because he never should've said it. Do you hear me, Clint?" Steve paused to make the boy look at the screen again. "You are not 'simple' because you don't read the same books as Loki, you have dyslexia and that's not a bad thing at all. Remember why?"
Looking at the boxes of mementos, Dean realized that his father cared much more than he thought he did, keeping such insignificant treasures from the boys’ childhood showing how sentimental the hardened man truly was.
"You know the drill and you know my number. Feel free to call at any hour for anything at all." This was the case workers usual statement to the boys before leaving a foster home, but this time he added. "Steve was actually my commanding officer in the army, so these aren't just random people that I'm leaving you with this time. I really do trust these men with my life." He reached out and put a hand on Dean's shoulder. "However. If you don't feel safe at any time, know that I will take your side every time. You say they are the most despicable human beings on the planet I will come get you at two in the morning, bring my gun and start the lawsuit before you can even hang up. Heck, if someone even looks at you funny, you call me immediately."
"I–I think I'd really like that," Sam whispered, glancing up at Tony through his bangs with a small smile.
"If you're hoping for a tender heart to heart moment you're gonna be seriously disappointed," Dean spat, moving to return to the rest of the family.
"I don't- I don't really understand exactly what you mean, but I trust your experience. And I trust that you're looking out for me." He finally spoke.
"We're gonna miss you too, Steve," the teen said softly. Before opening the door, Dean paused. "You come back, alright? You do everything you can to come back to us. We need our Papa."
"Okay sport. What's this about?" Tony asked. The tone of his voice instantly made Dean want to burst into tears. Instead he crossed his arms and leaned back, slouching in his chair.
Steve nods, "Yeah, that makes sense. I guess we could just briefly talk to him about how he's doing in general? And if he mentions taking on that role, we can just reassure him that he doesn't have to."
“That’s mine!” Dean exclaimed when he got a good look at the object, rushing over and taking the gun from Steve.
"I haven't decided yet," the teen answered. "Come on, Sam, are you gonna let them adopt you or what?"
This caught the teen off guard. “How the fuck do you know what I want or don’t want? You a mind reader?”
Dean slowly walked towards the car he called home for almost ten years, taking in every detail. Everything was as he remembered, every imperfection ladened with memories. Running his fingers over the hood, something caught his attention on the dash of the car.
Tony's eyes sparkled as his face lit up. "You're in for a treat!" He ushered the boys to sit at the breakfast nook and plated up two helpings of toast.
Well, this is it for the sequel, but not for the series!! I have so many things planned for this universe, so make sure to subscribe to the series to get the latest updates!!
She nodded, before remembering the man couldn't see her. She quickly wiped up the blood and opened the door, nodding once before closing the door once again.
"Calm down? Did you hear the same thing I did? Dean. Fourteen year old Dean. Sex instead of going to math! And that's another thing!" Tony whipped back to Dean. "You skipped class to do it! What the fuck were you thinking!"
With his head still trained to the ground, Dean slowly got up from the table and made his way to return to his siblings. Before stepping through the door, he turned back towards the couple. "Steve?"
“You should go get some ice and some wet cloths, to cool him down! I’ll sit with him until you get back, and then I can manage things from there.” At the man’s raised eyebrow, Sam upped his puppy dog eyes and infused his tone with earnestness. “I’m used to taking care of him, Steve. Really, I can handle this! I know what to do–you don’t have to worry about us!”
After another nerve-wracking flight home, the family once again stepped foot in their mansion, the feeling that everything had changed, while everything stayed the same, plagued Dean. Looking around at the walls he'd called home for the past five months, Dean wondered how he'd gotten here. How, in as little as two years, he'd gone from being a perfect little soldier to a punching bag to a normal teenager in a ridiculously huge house and concerned parental figures.
“Okay, then. Steve, can you stay a few more hours? I’ll bring up dinner when I take over.” Tony stomped out of the room, barely restraining himself from slamming the door behind him.
"Oh." The line went quiet. "Bobby? Can you pick us up?" Tears started to well up once more. He wanted to be with someone that wanted him, and Bobby never said no to watching the boys.
"Just," Steve's voice broke as he closed his eyes and lowered his head. "Just—just tell me you love me. Please take me apart and put me back together. It's what you
"Fine. It was a normal day. School sucked. Food is good. Anything else you want to know?" He responded.
"Understand what?" Dean finally locked eyes with the boy. "What do you possibly think that there is to
"No better time, honeybunch. Sam and Dean are going to be distracted by looking through those boxes and aren't going to notice us talking with the others." Tony explained, rising on his tiptoes to kiss the soldier's cheek.
"It's the police," Nat explained, continuing to walk unfazed. It wasn't until the police officer stood directly in front of the siblings that the girl stopped walking and looked up.
The man started smoothing down the boy’s hair with one hand and placed a comforting hand on Dean’s knee, squeezing occasionally.
Dean watched as six hands raised into the air, giving Sam a look of betrayal that was met with a shrug.
"Why is there a punching bag in the corner?" Sam asked their guides, big brown eyes gazing up at them.
"You don't just want him as a foster kid anymore do you? You want him as our adopted son. Don't you?" Tony let the accusation hang in the air. "Sam too I'm guessing."
“If–if you thought someone might be hurt, but they also might not be hurt, and they told you not to worry, what would you do?” the boy asked, unaware that both siblings knew exactly who he was talking about.
"What the fuck." Tony collapsed on the settee at the end of the bed, running a hand down his face. "What the actual fuck."
"I-no. I mean yes, but no." Dean shook his head slightly, still looking at the ground. "I understand what you're saying, but I don't understand how, or why. Why would you take us if you don't want anything from us?" He looked up, his eyes pleading with the older men for answers.
“Good. You and your brother deserve nothing less,” the man nodded. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a crumpled piece of paper before offering it to Dean. “Your dad’s storage locker. I already went through and removed anything incriminating or dangerous so you can bring Sam and your foster dads to go through his stuff.”
"I just came from sparing with him and afterwards? Nothing. Sat perfectly still!" The man was grinning ear to ear, excitement exuding from him like sun rays.
“Can I talk to you for a minute Dean?” the man asked, cocking his head to the side in a gesture to leave the others. The teen looked at Steve and Tony, and after receiving a nod and small smiles, accepted the invitation.
"I'm sparing with him a few times a week from now on, and Tony! He looked so happy afterwards! He actually told me he felt like himself!"
“Look at your arms, Dean!” the man raised his voice, gesturing to the clear handprint bruises visible on the teen.
Sensing that the man was coming closer, Dean instinctively struggled to get away from his foster father as his eyes snapped open to better fend off the impending attack. There was a frenzy of blankets and pillows, and then he was falling. Heart seizing, Dean tried to grasp anything to stay upright, but moving his arm up caused a white-hot pain to shoot down his side. The agony only intensified as he felt himself hit the floor. Hard.
"Alright, enough of this, your family is waiting for you and I have a nap waiting for me," Bucky sighed as he pushed the other man away.
"Therapy. Everyone goes. Depending on how much they need to go. For example Tony goes once every two weeks and I go once a week. Some of the kids go more often than that." Steve explained.
“Really?” he asked, looking back at his behaviour over the past couple of months. “Huh. I guess you're right.”
The teen turned his head towards the voice and saw a woman. Dean's eyebrows pressed together as he struggled to figure out who she was. "Math. You're math!" he said excitedly.
Dean hung his head and whispered, “Just like adults are never supposed to hurt you? How they’re never supposed to wake you up in the middle of the night to ‘play’ with you when your little brother is sleeping three feet away?”
Sam smiled brightly at his foster parents. "Then I'm gonna give him all the support he needs when he comes back!"
"Welcome!" Came a booming voice from behind them. Dean sprang up into a fighting stance, ready to protect Sammy.
At dinner, the boys were introduced to Steve and Tony's other children, a teen named Bruce, who they learned was eighteen and was already in university getting a biology and chemistry degree, and a sixteen year old girl named Natasha with flaming red hair.
Bucky frowned playfully. "How do you know what I'm interested in? You homophobic, Stevie? What if I got converted in those stinkin' cells?"
“I mean with all I’ve put you through, a few punches doesn’t seem like anything, now does it.” Chin resting on his chest, the teen avoided eye contact with the family that, until a moment ago, was having fun.
“Yeah. Yeah, I’ll just–uh–I’ll just go and get them.” The social worker stood up, turned back, as if to say more, but shook his head and exited the room.
Dean opened his eyes then, looking at the man offering to help, the man that had such expressive eyes that conveyed nothing but compassion. Dean sighed. And, pushing the voice of his dad aside, accepted.
"Hey, it's okay," Clint interrupted, closing his textbook. "I was just about done anyways, it's fine, I'll go."
“Hey everyone, I’m really sorry I fell asleep last night and didn’t make dinner for you,” he started, placing a hand on Dean’s shoulder as he spoke. “But I guess you all fought for yourselves?”
Fighting not to scream, the teen breathed deeply until the pain dissipated enough to sense his surroundings once more.
Bucky reached out his hand and Steve clasped it firmly as he sat on the bed beside the other man. "Steve, I-" he paused for a moment, then stared directly at his friend. "I'm really proud of you. For building this for yourself. Those kids are...incredible!"
The following chapter contains explicit and consensual underage sex. Continue at you own risk! Enjoy!
“Well, I am sick. But don’t worry, little brother. Between those two hovering Care Bears out there, I’ll be fine,” he placated, not even bothering to meet Sam’s eye.
Surprise! I'm still here! Now that I've finished moving, hopefully, I'll have more time and energy into these wonderful characters and their stories!
Loki studied the man carefully for a moment, before shaking his head. "I um, I changed my mind. The office would be better."
"Steve and I took cooking classes in Paris for our fifth anniversary, well, not so much cooking classes as we had breakfast at a bistro and begged the chef until he taught us how to make it." The man set the plates in front of the boys along with the syrup. "Either way it's freaking delicious!"
Dean shook his head and took his hand away quickly. He just sat for a moment, his hand posed in the air close to his chest. He studied the two closely as they looked at him, Tony's hand just hovering above where he had held Deans hand. After a moment, he buried his face in his hands on his lap and groaned.
“You know,” said Tony after he had cleaned up and was sitting with Steve drinking herbal tea, “We should think of a plan to get you out of here.”
“I can’t. If I flee, Schmidt will go to my village and hurt the people. My parents. My friends. Everyone. No one deserves to suffer in his hands because of me. He’s a cruel and dangerous sorcerer. Which, again, makes me question why you’re here. Do you have a death wish?”
He meant it. Steve was frail, but he radiated some incredible inner strength, and Tony found himself fascinated by him. Steve blushed at this, as if he didn’t really think he was of much worth, and asked him if he wanted something to drink. They ended up sharing herbal tea, cake, and stories. The Red Skull never spent the day at the tower, only coming back at midday for lunch and sometimes late at night to sleep, so they had some free time. Eventually the evening came to an end, and Steve regretfully told Tony he should leave in case the sorcerer came back for the night.
“What? So back then, you knew I wasn’t a helpless young girl? And that I wasn’t afraid of you? Then you knew I was hunting you, didn’t you? Why did you come and talk with me then? I could have hurt you!”
He stays silent, and looks a little pale, and Steve starts to get concerned, and shit, maybe even fixed the drawing is still ugly and pornographic, maybe Steve failed at changing it into art.
It was a song, and though it was melancholic and lamenting, the voice of the singer was so charming, that Tony stood still and listened.
Tony’s fingers are digging into Steve’s thighs, Steve’s heels pressing into the small of Tony’s back, legs quivering and locked around his waist, and Tony’s thrusts are sharp, swift and shallow, never rough, never too hard, never too deep. He doesn't nail Steve's prostate until Steve directs him with his heel, but it's to be expected from a man who stuck to women for too long. Now Tony is brushing against that exquisite spot on every slide, without fail. He’s panting loudly, his breath hot over Steve’s throat, and Steve is tangling his fingers in the soft curls of dark hair on Tony’s nape, as if holding him in place and maybe lightly pulling on it, as though he could somehow control Tony’s pace like that. And as the pleasure rolls in Steve and coils tightly around his spine, sparkling up all over his body, Steve forgets about his friends in the living-room and moans, groans, keens, and for the first time ever, he comes completely untouched.
Because Gorgeous is handsome and cleans up nicely, and in the past hour since Steve’s noticed him, he’s been flirted by numerous hunks, and has turned down all of them -some of them Steve knows to be asses, but others pretty nice guys-.
Steve’s hands wander around, opening up Tony’s coat, pulling at his scarf, popping open the buttons of the sexy maroon shirt that was already not buttoned up enough. Tony’s body is warm and firm, and he shivers as Steve’s fingers, cold from outside, trail over his bare skin.
“Tony!” he cried, and he fumbled with his braid to hang it on the hook, and then hastily threw it out of the window.
“Tony,” said Steve in a half-whisper, his eyes still smoldering under heavy lashes, “You wouldn’t mind getting bare-chested, right? It’s best to draw nudes when working on human anatomy, but I wouldn’t ask you to fully undress.”
Tony freed his wrists, and slipped his hands under Steve’s clothes, feeling with delight the bare skin of Steve’s jutting hips, then the small of his back, the firmness of his ass cheeks. He couldn’t help groping him, and Steve gasped, the sound going straight to Tony’s rapidly growing erection. Steve snaked his hands around his waist, and pressed himself against him, his own hardness fitting perfectly against Tony’s, his hands exploring Tony’s back and digging into his shoulder blades. He sucked on Tony’s tongue, swallowing his moans, and started a slow, sensuous swing, rocking against Tony in a way that made their erections press and slide together.
Peggy was right: while Tony Stark is now rather absent from the public eye, he is a well-known figure in the higher circles, which means more rich people would follow his lead and get interested in Steve’s art.
Tony calls him later in the morning, and says yes to the date, and Steve dances and whoops all over the living-room until Bucky, who was washing the dishes, gets fed up with it and throws the wet soapy sponge on the back of his neck. It soon turns into an intense battle that leaves soap everywhere, but they don’t mind, for it has been such a long time since the both of them were so happy.
They drank herbal tea and ate the cookies, chatting as they had last time. Tony asked him about the drawings in coal on the walls, and Steve admitted he had done them. He didn’t have much paper to draw on, so he would draw on the walls and later wash them. He would also draw on every inch of paper he had, mostly on the back of the music scores the sorcerer sometimes brought him back from the city (to keep Steve’s mind from turning crazy with boredom, guessed Tony. The Red Skull also gave his prisoner a few books, some novels of chivalry and some cooking recipes). Steve had learned to read at his church, both the roman letters and the music notes, for as a child he had been so frail and so often sick that he hadn’t been much of use to his parents, and so the priest had given him purpose by letting him help out a little in the church.
Pleas and incoherent words mixed with moans. He might have asked for more. Steve’s other hand trailed down his spine, into the crease of his rear, and then a fingertip pressed there, on Tony’s sensitive and fluttering skin -not breaching in, but there, just enough pressure to make Tony reel with want, the pleasure spiking insanely-. Tony keened and threw his head back, eyes closing, whole body shuddering as he came, thrusting erratically into Steve’s hand, soaking it with white, viscous semen. And while he was shaking all over and crying out Steve’s name, the hand on his rear shot up to get hold of his chin, Steve asking him urgently, his other hand tightening on his weeping penis.
“Of course I will! Poor Steve has been moping all afternoon. You two need to seriously talk things out and make sure you’re on the same page,” she said, crossing her arms over her chest, her brow creased in a frown and her lips curled into a pout.
Steve’s assault on his pleasure spot had been relentless, nearly too much, and now his tongue was there again alongside his fingers, and, and, and—
“Ah, but I’m not the bitch, here, Little Iron Man. You are. You’re going to take me alright, but you’re going to take me
… was painful. It was a wound that would never heal, he knew that, and he knew it was the same for Tony. But he needed to ask. “How about Wanda? Why would you treat her like a criminal like that, putting her on house arrest ? You knew Lagos was an accident.”
Steve lowered his eyes to the ground. Now that Tony had brought this to his attention, he could see it. It was hard not to, when news of regular white guys shooting kids in school, or lobbies fighting against gun regulation, regularly showed up on the TV.
Each day, they would wake up snuggled together in their bed, then have breakfast with Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy (and wasn’t that something, that Tony was actually considering having breakfast at all). They’d part for the day, Tony and Rhodey working at the Stark Forge, Pepper and Happy at their glassmaker shop, and Steve rehearsing at the church or the theater. In the evening, after Rhodey left, Steve would come by the forge and try to lure Tony out for supper. They would embrace and feel the weariness from their working day melting away. Steve would lay his head on Tony’s shoulder and wrap his arms around his waist, Tony would hug him back, and they would stay there, sharing warmth, comfort, and stories about their day, until Pepper would call them for supper.
“Be my guest,” smirks Steve, arms linking around Tony’s shoulders. The silk of the maroon shirt is deliciously smooth under his skin, and he loves crumpling it, the creases adding to Tony’s sexual, mussed up look.
use my magic to force feelings or thoughts on someone! All I did was to give you an opportunity, Tony! I am helping you out so you can meet up with him. The rest is up to you!”
How wrong was he! No sooner had he rooted out another rampion, that a shadow fell on him like Death itself, and he went pale with fear as the tall figure hovered menacingly over him with its cape rippling in the windless air. Then the creature pulled back its hood, revealing a bald, nose-less and ears-less human head glowering with red skin. The sorcerer, for it was him, seized Joseph’s arm, and snarled;
But… once, Tiberius had pushed Tony’s hand away and asked him if he could ‘use his thighs’ instead. Tony had seen no reason not to, so he’d let him. Tiberius had pushed him against the mattress, his grip firmly maintaining Tony’s thighs closed, and he’d rutted into him, his erection sliding in the tight crease between Tony’s thighs. Tony could still remember how hot his own body felt, Tiberius’ puffs of warm breath on his nape, his groans, the strength of his masculine body pinning him down, the hardness of his sex sliding between Tony’s thighs, while at the same time teasing the crease of his arse on each slide, and then hitting dead on his scrotum. Tony had been aroused as Hell, painfully hard, and hadn’t been able to get himself off since he was being pinned on the mattress, and he had muffled his moans in his pillow. Eventually Tiberius had come all over him which had made Tony very angry, but not angry enough that he wouldn’t push Tiberius off so as to roll on his back and furiously get himself off. He had come hard, harder than ever maybe. He hadn’t questioned it. Any man with his balls being teased like that would get aroused, he had thought. It had been a perfectly normal physical reaction. He hadn’t been attracted to Tiberius, nor had he felt hot because of the situation rather than the stimuli -no.
“I’m sorry Tony, but… But I know you two! You would get along so well! I can promise you… if you tried, if you’d just
When he finally pulls out, he’s tired, but not that much. Tony turns in his embrace and presses a chaste kiss on the corner of his mouth, his hand holding on Steve’s. Steve’s other hand wraps around Tony’s slippery member, and strokes him, sweetly, tightly. Tony falls quiet, taking in deep breaths, eyes closing, hips undulating at the same pace as Steve’s hand. Steve wants to put his mouth back down on him, but, seeing how Tony’s leaking, he’s taken with an intense need of having him come all over himself.
So slow it is. Careful. Until he’s fully sheathed into Tony’s ass. Tight, tight, tight like a vice, and burning hot.
Steve’s heart is hammering in his chest, and he feels the anxiety skyrocketing. They had a great time together, but Tony still hasn’t said anything about his decision. Hesitantly, Steve kisses him, gentle, on the corner of his mouth.
Steve becomes famous thanks to a generous benefactor, celebrates Christmas with his friends, and gets to meet (again) his benefactor...
Steve was blinking hard, trying to force back the tears from his eyes. That was also something he had realized, after he had started to get professional help for his own issues. He wondered if Sam had even known about Wanda’s past, back then when he had joined the Avengers right after Ultron. Wanda had joined much too soon. She had been given no time off to grieve nor heal. No one had discussed her past, nor her trauma. No one had talked about each other’s past. Sam was always there, proposing his help, trying to make them talk after a mission -and they did talk, a little. But they were all carrying deep traumas, and none of them had treated them seriously. God, one of the reasons Steve had jumped on the house arrest issue as an excuse to reject Tony’s olive branch was that he hadn’t wanted Bucky to go in a psychiatric facility. Steve, back then, had firmly believed that those were for ‘crazy people’, and that Bucky didn’t deserve to be locked up in there.
by the others-, so what was the deal with Steve? Were his feelings caused by his loneliness? Or maybe Tony was misinterpreting the adoring look in Steve’s eyes, and it wasn’t adoration at all, but simply lust, and Steve was in only for the sex… sex that he didn’t get in the end, since Tony left before he could reciprocate. But if it
For a few days, the child seemed to get better. But one salad hadn’t been enough, and his recovery soon slowed down and eventually stopped, and little by little the illness fought its way back. Thus Joseph knew he had to return once more to the garden. Therefore, in the evening gloom, he went to the forest and called for the fairy, who again led him to the glade. The moon was half-hidden behind swollen clouds, and the fairy was too scared to leave the edge of the woods.
Butterhooves and Dummy snorted at him, both completely indifferent about having been abandoned for hours, and Tony swiftly untied their bridles and jumped on Dummy’s back.
Then Tony tears his mouth off his and gasps, and Steve watches, entranced, as he orgasms from the sole feeling of the fingers in him.
Tony blinked heavily, and next thing he knew, he was lying on a bed, his shirt opened, shoes off, and Steve was sitting on his bedside, running a cool wet cloth on his forehead and chest. Steve looked concerned, but quickly hid it behind a stern, frowning face.
He had wanted to tell him. He had wanted to tell Tony that he liked him, liked him too much, and had simply been pulling his pigtails.
Steve stands up, and crouches down towards his stack of drawings. Hidden behind a few canvases, is the drawing of Tony. Steve’s cheeks heat up as he picks it up and looks at it.
“You smell like a male. I knew you were a male even before I spotted you. Also, I can smell some of our basic emotions, like fear, bloodthirst, or arousal. I wouldn’t have played with you today if I hadn’t smelled you were aroused instead of scared.”
“Honestly?” laughs Thor. “I would have made a move on him if I wasn’t so deeply in love with my lady Jane.” And he pecks Jane’s cheek loudly. Jane laughs. She’s not bothered by the confession. She knows there's no heart more loyal than Thor's.
. Steve who had already so much on his plate, who had a life so pitiful… Steve who didn’t deserve to have Tony throw his insecurities and emotional turmoils at him, Steve who had been so gentle and loving to him only to have Tony push him away and treat him like his tormentor.
Also, about Toro, if you don't know him, he's the partner of the original Human Torch, and both of them were part of the Invaders (Cap's team during WWII).
“To my godmother Peggy,” replied curtly Tony, walking faster, but the werewolf matched his speed with ease.
Steve doesn’t want to admit that he just doesn’t want to get up, doesn’t want to let go of Tony, doesn’t want him to leave. So he just nods. They kiss one more time, and then they finally separate.
“All the guys that tried to hook up with you were hunks. I seriously don’t get why you wouldn’t jump on that.”
Steve is pulled out of his torpor when Tony stands up, and starts picking up his clothes in a hurry.
When Steve closes the door with a sigh, he jumps as he finds Natasha standing behind him, arms crossed and one eyebrow lifted.
“Uh-huh,” drawls Tony, and then he moans a little, a soft, almost inaudible whine. He’s fully hard and stroking himself a little faster now, and he rips his eyes off Steve’s and stares up at the ceiling, mouth falling open. His other hand is now down between his legs and Steve holds his breath as he watches him pressing a finger inside of himself, and then one, two more, until all three fingers steadily sink in and drag out, in and out.
“I… I didn’t talk to Sam. Actually, I even did a pretty good job at hiding to him how unwell I was. God, I myself couldn’t see how unwell I was until…well, until Bucky went back into cryo and I realized I had ripped apart our family. Until I had lost you. Until I had lost everything that still kept me going. I felt as if I were going crazy. Then… I asked Sam for help.”
Then on the next happening Tiberius had demanded to fuck his mouth, Tony had called him a disgusting fag, and they had never talked again apart from their usual competitive interactions. Tony hadn’t regretted it; Tiberius had always been a douche anyway, always trying to prove himself to be better than Tony (which he hadn’t been, and would never be). Tony and his friends had become grown-ups, Tony got popular with the women, and grown men did not seek each other for ‘services’ anymore.
Tony carefully went over his memories and feelings again, only to confirm that yes, he had been in love with Rhodey at the beginning of their friendship, and had pined after him for a long time until the unrequited love had eventually died down. He groaned, pressing his face into his pillow. He really had the worst luck in love. And now here he was, head over hills in love with a man he barely knew, a man who was being held prisoner by some dark evil sorcerer in a tower with no freakin’ stairs, and Tony had no idea what to make of the situation. He wanted to confess his feelings to Steve, and to apologize for his unfair rejection, but then heavy doubts started plaguing his mind.
“But you… you know it wasn’t Bucky’s fault! You said so yourself! You even fought alongside Bucky! You… you even helped gathering evidence of his brainwashing for his trial! I don’t understand… Tony?”
Times like these, thought glumly Tony as he stepped over stinging nettles and brambles, careful not to catch his long skirt with the barbs. He didn’t want to cross Jan, who had kindly tailored a female dress just for him. God, Tony loved her. She was his best female friend (Rhodey, the head of the militia, was his best male friend).
“Oh, really? Hearing you all talk all the time about Ross, I’d thought it was an USA-only thing. Thank you for clearing that up for me, Rogers.”
“Yes,” smiled Steve, and he headed out of the small place, his hand on the curtain, ready to shut it close. “I’ll be in the kitchen. Call me if you need me.”
“But since he’s an evil sorcerer, he’s got to do evil stuff elsewhere,” pointed out Tony, distracting himself from the vision of Steve’s appealing lips by waving at Toro. The little fire elemental once again stuck out its tongue to him and went back to hide behind  the pile of embers. “We should also find a way to stop him.”
“I don’t date,” sobs Tony. “Here, have the rich boy boo-hoo story. People date me for my money, my fame, or just the sex. So I don’t date. Not anymore.”
Silence fell. For a moment, the both of them were so quiet, even down to their breathing, that the other sounds surrounding them seemed to grow louder -the wind, the birds’ chirping, the far-away purr of cars, even the rays of the sun seemed to buzz-. Then;
“I’ve heard of the sickness that fell upon your son, dear Joseph,” answered the fairy. “Your wife and your son are the kindest souls, and they do not deserve grief nor death. In this garden are enchanted rampions. They can save your child. But make no mistake, Joseph. If the sorcerer living here catches you, he will have no mercy for you.”
Steve thought it did matter very much. There was so much they had blamed Tony of. Ultron was one of those things, and it had taken far too long to learn that Ultron wasn’t only Tony’s creation - that it was also Wanda’s, and Banner’s-.
Tony moved right back in, kissing him fully on the mouth, hands playing with Steve’s collar, and he answered against his lips;
Tony writhed a little more, his heart thundering in his chest and warmth spreading through his guts. His fingers dug into the grass.
They are both slightly panting, as if caught doing something dangerous or naughty, and they look at each other and start laughing.
Tony keeps staring, and keeps quiet. His eyes trace over the lines. On the drawing, he’s lying spent, body relaxed and melting in the bed, sheets hugging his calves, both his legs bent and parted, feet planted in the mattress and knees up. He’s nude, his cock soft and laying on his stomach, his left hand resting right beside it, his right hand curled on his thigh. He’s looking straight at the viewer, a soft expression on his face, lips slightly parted in a lazy smile, dark hair curling on his neck and forehead.
To be honest, I'm exausted, and it weigths on my mental health, making me even more exhausted, so I'm not sure I'm going to be able to finish this. I am also kinda discouraged by the lack of response. I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong with this fic, but since apart from one lovely person, no one commented, I cannot improve.
They fall asleep in each other’s arms, Steve’s head nestled in the hollow of Tony’s neck and shoulder.
“Ah, mercy!” cried out Joseph, falling to his knees. “I only did it out of necessity. My only child is dying of sickness, and he was almost healed by your rampion. I thought giving him more would save him.”
The pet names are ridiculous, but Tony’s voice is almost a sob. Steve forces himself to slow down, to take back some self-control, because rough sex isn’t something he does. He pulls out, moves Tony -and Tony is like putty in his hands, body lax and sweaty, allowing him to move him however he wants- until he has him laying back on his side. Tony’s watching him under half-closed lids, his hands reaching for the pillow, fingers curling into the fabric. Steve hooks one of his legs around his waist, and resumes fucking him, hoping the angle will be right ; it isn’t, not at once, so Tony rotates his hips a little until Steve presses against his prostate with each thrust. Moaning, Tony turns his head  into the pillow, though he can’t hide his face in it anymore. Steve has one arm wrapped against Tony’s bent leg, and with his free hand, he starts jerking him off.
Steve’s nibble fingers were now untying his shirt and opening it, and Steve splayed a hand on Tony’s stomach, pushing him toward the bed. Tony sat, his back against the wall behind him, his heart hammering in his chest. Steve’s ears were reddening, a blush dusting his bony cheeks, and he put his hand on Tony’s stomach, again, mapping the muscles there with a feathered touch that lit sparks in Tony’s guts.
Tony’s mind was sharp, his heart just as big, and his brown doe-eyes and brilliant smile turned the heads of many. His inventions he worked tirelessly on at his father’s forge helped the whole village, and his pranks, together with his friend Clint, kept the joy there even at darker times.
“I had just a little more muscles back then, but yeah, I can’t buff up. I’m not weak, though, you know.”
Steve’s fingers slip inside. He leans in, kisses Tony on the mouth, swallows his soft whine as he starts massaging his prostate.
But Steve felt like breaking, and found himself wondering why the weather wasn’t pouring out like his heart was, why the sky and the heavens were mocking his pain by being all gorgeous and serene.
“Actually, I’m thinking of eating you up, Little Iron Man,” growled the wolf, and no sooner had it said so that Tony broke into a run, through the bushes, not caring of the brambles trying to hold him back with their traitorous thorns, holding protectively his basket against his chest. His cloak fluttered behind him. Tony didn’t really know where he was exactly, didn’t know that part of the woods very well, but it didn’t matter: he sprinted off like a rabbit.
“Well, you were thinking of me, weren’t you?” she said, and then her smile wavered. “Are you feeling better? You were so pale, before.”
Steve swallows and tries to ignore the feeling of his heart breaking over someone he doesn’t even know.
“Well, how about that,” purred the werewolf. “You aren’t a young lady after all. Who would’ve guessed, a man hiding under a skirt,” and, spreading Tony’s knees apart, the werewolf dived in, mouthing Tony’s clothed groin. Tony cursed and bucked up right into the werewolf’s face, who retaliated by untying his underwear with his teeth and licking his hardening sex. Tony shivered. He didn’t really know what to do with his hands anymore, and didn’t feel like fighting much anyway, so he closed his eyes and threw his head back, fingers digging into the soil, as the werewolf took him into his mouth and started sucking. The burning arousal in his guts morphed into spiking pleasure, and Tony moaned. The werewolf didn’t stop until he had him gasping in pleasure and emptying himself down his throat, and as Tony laid there, panting and drowsy with the afterglow, the wolf-man snickered, reaching for the pot of butter.
As he picks up lube and condoms, he sees in his periphery Tony standing up and unbuckling his belt, unzipping his jeans and taking them off, -and oh wow, he’s wearing a silky red thong and looks absolutely gorgeous in it-. He keeps the thong on, about to take off the opened maroon shirt, when Steve stops him with a hand on his elbow.
But Joseph was too afraid his child wouldn’t live through another day, and so he went in the garden anyway. Sure, the only window, high at the top of the tower, was indeed lightened up. But he could see no stairs, nor door, so he doubted anyone really lived there.
“What do you want, then? I’m not going to apologize. I was right about the Accords, and you weren’t. I’m not going to bulge on that. I’m tired of always being told I’m wrong, especially when I’m not.”
But they’re not listening to him and are all laughing. Thor pats his shoulder, and gets closer, saying in a softer voice so that only Steve could hear him;
Tony squirms and avoids his eyes, and Steve can’t help but reach for him, putting a comforting hand on his arm and gently squeezing it.
Why had Steve acted as his lover? It couldn’t be that Steve had fallen for Tony, that would be ridiculous. Even as narcissistic as Tony was, he wasn’t conceited enough to dare think that someone as great as Steve would fall for one’s looks alone -and that was all Tony had going for himself, his looks, and also, well, his wits, but his wits were usually considered as
Tony nodded, and Arnie took the emptied tray from him, bidding him good night before leaving the room, and Tony was left again by himself in the dark. He curled on himself, snug in his blankets, and tried to calm down the whirlwind raging in his mind. Eventually, he found himself drifting into daydreaming.
“I mind,” blurted out Steve, internally cursing himself for how insensitive that came out. However, Tony fell silent and scrunched up his nose, but didn’t get angry. He waited for him to go on.
"You must train a lot!" Sammy spat out, openly admiring Thor's bulk. The adults laughed at the young boys' remark as he sputtered an apology. Thor squatted in front of Sam as he responded.
"He won't be," she assured him. "Maybe he'll just call you out when you're being avoidant or self-deprecating."
"Food for the brats," the door swung open to reveal a grime-covered man carrying a loaf of bread and a small plate of cheese.
Steve sighed. “Sorry about Tony. He only gets mad because he cares about you.” Dean rolled his eyes and scoffed. “It’s true! He’s just never been very good at interacting with people. Machines? The best in the world. But emotions?”
“Yeah, I know you are.” Sam gave a small smile. “But you’re just one person, Dean. And I need to think that there’s somethin’ else watchin’ too, ya know? Some… higher power.” the boy shrugged. “Some greater good.”
So, she decided not to fight it anymore. Sitting alone in a locked bathroom, the girl watched as the colour oozed upon her wrist and dripped onto the linoleum floor. Seeing the fresh, bright colour brought her back to that room, but that's where she was supposed to be, wasn't it? All the fear and helplessness left and she was in the blissful numb that overtook her after she killed the man. Everything and nothing mattered as she watched the colour drip-drip into a puddle.
The man went scouring for the lunch bags, but couldn’t find them anywhere. Until that is, he took a break from searching and opened the fridge. There, exactly where they should be at this time of night, were every kid's lunch bag ready to go.
Instead, he found a very sleepy teenage boy, who swatted off the man’s attempts to throw his blanket off.
Steve’s breath hitched in emotion and surprise, then, biting back tears, smiled and nodded. “Dean,” the man attempted to collect himself, then slowly pulled his son into a tight hug, holding the boy closely to his chest.
The room was filled with cheers at the news, all wondering when the man was going to return home once more.
"Yes, Dean. Of course you did." Sam sat up and pushed his blankets to the side. "I don't know what it's like to be hungry or beaten, or locked in a closet," he added, giving Dean a pointed look.
"Right. Now that could mean that Clint was going to get in trouble later, but, from his dramatic ass eye roll you could probably tell he wasn't scared in any way, meaning he was in no way expecting to get hurt. Agreed?"
"Ugh, spoilsport," the genius replied, sticking out his tongue, only to receive another pillow to the face. The two teased each other lightly as they pulled their clothes on, still in awe to be in each other's presence again, as if nothing had changed in the slightest.
"Tony was just telling us about how you learned to make French toast!" Sam exclaimed as Steve walked in.
“You’re turning fifteen in a week, you can start learning how to drive soon. Happy Birthday, kid.” Tony smiled, wrapping an arm around his son’s shoulders.
Tony grabbed his husband's hand and squeezed in excitement. "You betcha! And Sam, of course. Now, we realize this isn't the best time what with just coming back from your dad's funeral and looking through his things, but Dean," the engineer paused, leaning towards the teen, "we've known we wanted you to stay since your first time sparring with Steve."
Tony watched as Natasha flung herself into her papa's embrace next and thought to himself: forget becoming CEO or his wedding day, this moment. This right here? This was the happiest he's ever been.
Tony reached out and stroked the teen's arm. "You don't have to decide now, take all the time you need and talk to Sam about it. If you don't want to that's perfectly fine and we'll respect your decision, we're just asking you to think about it."
"Shut him up!" the man screamed. Natasha picked up her brother somewhat awkwardly, shushing him and rubbing his back, trying to keep the tears from leaving her own eyes.
Steve chuckled and hugged him from behind. “It’s not like he’s one hundred percent better, he still has trauma in his past that one sparring session doesn’t even attempt to fix. Don’t forget we’re still waiting on that specialist Phil sent for to come in to talk to him.”
Making their way upstairs to Steve's office, the soldier stopped, pulling his husband close once more. "Are you sure about this?" he asked, his lips inches from Tony's.
“Dean, we know you took more pills. Please tell us where they are,” Steve implored, still rubbing the boy’s knuckles in his grasp.
“You said painkillers. You were hunting again, weren’t you?” Sam accused. “What was it this time? Ghost? Poltergeist?”
"Hey, hey!" Dean walked over to Sam and pulled his little brother into a crushing hug. "I know you and dad had your differences, but he loves you. He would never
The teen quickly assessed his injuries as the hunter started to burn the bodies further down the field.
"Hey! That's not fair, I never had to do this!" Tony sputtered, clutching the other man's shirt tighter. "You didn't have any friends when I stole you from the Army. Well, none that I could just call up. And this is your best friend in the entire world, Steve! What if-"
“Sam I think it would be better if you stayed here, we’re not sure how long we’re going to be.” Tony was already behind the wheel of a 2018 Rolls-Royce, watching Steve climb in the backseat, still cradling the half-responsive boy.
“Fine.” The teen paused to think. “I’m sorry for being such a dick. And for worrying all of you when I was hurt. And for running off and getting drunk. It- it wasn’t cool. I don’t blame you all for hating me.”
Dean’s erection stood tall, ready for the job he had ahead, twitching in anticipation. He rolled on the condom and climbed back on top of Becky, setting his fingers back to rubbing at her entrance, slowly pushing a finger inside and-
"No, Clint," Natasha bent down to look into the man's lifeless eyes to convince herself as much as her brother. A strange numbness had overtaken her. The anger and the fear she had felt was just… gone. "He's dead."
"You aren't going anywhere any time soon, Dean. Not if I have anything to do with it. I will make sure that you feel nothing less than who you are, and that is an incredible and wonderful teenager," Mr. Coulson whispered, only making Dean sob even harder against the embrace of the older man.
"Besides, if that were to make you a bad son, what the hell would that make me?" Dean tried to joke, knocking into the other boy's shoulders slightly.
"Fuck yeah. Esther Mathews in the broom closet in Kentucky. Tits were fucking amazing. And Felicia Sanders in Pennsylvania. Her cunt was absolutely delicious. Gave great head too. Want me to go on?" Dean fires back.
Dean blinked in surprise. "Oh. Yeah, I guess it is. Well, Tony said you two were giving me a car, but then we got the Impala and-"
As he worked himself upwards, he reached behind her to undo her bra, which, no surprise, he got in one snap. Becky fumbled for a minute actually removing her shirt completely and removing her bra before Dean attacked her breasts with his mouth and hands.
Dr Mills sighed. “I recall reading that you have a foster brother named Clint that’s twelve. Is that right?” She asked.
The boy thought for a moment, his brows furled in concentration. “Then you have to go. That’s what brothers do,” the boy said. “And I want to meet my Uncle Bucky.”
Dean sat slowly, never taking his eyes off the three men. There's no way he'd be able to take all of them. Goatee man by himself probably, but the other two with those muscles? Better not make them angry, beatings from them would suck.
Sam slanted his head and analyzed Nat. "So if you don't talk, how do you do group projects in school?"
Mr. Coulson managed to surprise the family by delivering the pizzas himself and asking to join them. When he asked Sam and Dean how the day went, Sam hid his face into Steve's shoulder and shrugged. Dean managed to look the man in the eye and thank him for all he did for their dad, arranging the proper funeral and gathering the man's acquaintances for the send-off.
Mr. Wilson smiled back before squeezing the teens shoulder and standing up, attempting to pry Sam away from the internet.
Dean still double checked every corner of the house to make sure nothing was tampered with or drawn incorrectly. He didn't find anything of the sort.
He shrugged. "I mean, I'd never even seen a dad tell their son they love them before coming to Steve and Tony. Didn't know it was a thing. Maybe if
"Hey," the captain called out, then marched back to crowd his husband against the still dirty table. "I love you."
"Your birthday party. We're thinking of doing a small thing for just the family on the actual day, but maybe do a bigger thing the weekend before? You could invite all of your friends from school and maybe Mr. Wilson if you're on better terms now…" the man trailed off.
"That's exactly it, my darling. You just need to learn in a different way, and then smart is what you choose to do with the knowledge after that, and you, Clint Stark, are so incredibly smart. Please believe that." Steve took a moment to look over his son, then squeezed Bucky's hand once more before standing up. "I'm heading home right now, sweetheart, and when I get there, you and I are gonna have the biggest hug, and then how about we watch a movie in your bed, huh? I'll even let you have some popcorn if you promise to clean the sheets."
Expecting a fight, Natasha squared herself up to attack again, but the man simply found his footing and lowered his arms.
With a discouraged sigh, Steve sent the boy off with a cheerful "Have a good day," and Dean ran off towards the front door.
Steve pulled his husband onto his lap to hold him from behind. Tony shifted to make himself more comfortable, not fazed at all to be sitting on the captain.
“Everything your dad owned is in there, you didn’t think he just threw everything away did you?” Bobby asked, ruffling Dean’s hair and walking away, towards a young blonde woman and her screaming two-year-old.
“You don’t know? I find that very hard to believe.” Tony’s hands gripped his hips as he prepared for one hell of a fight. He
The Captain shouldered his bags and made a beeline for the door and Tony trailed behind, smiling. As they both expected, the second Steve opened the door, he was hit with two little bundles of energy.
The older man smiled. "I did say you were their only hope. I'm sure that helped." He stood up and reached for the folders before Steve's hand stopped him.
“You ever drink?” She asked him, her voice void of any judgments, as if she couldn’t care less about the answer.
“About the werewolves, yes. And about the hunter you met; Rufus, I believe his name was. Although,” the man paused, considering the teen, “I’m not sure about what was on the paper he gave you.”
Steve stayed there, holding Dean’s hand, until the rest of the kids came home from school. Sam poked his head through the bedroom door, giving Steve a look equal parts confusion and surprise when he saw the man sitting so close to his lax brother. Steve simply raised a finger to his lips, then gestured for the boy to come forward.
Posting a chapter early to make up for the fact that I won't be posting one next Tuesday due to holidays!
"I fear for how our newest siblings might have fared had we not welcomed them into our home." The usually bubbly man was subdued in his report, bracing himself on the back of Clint's chair. "They must not be placed in such situations again, and I will keep them from harm in whichever way that I can."
"Like you did after dad died," the boy explained, never once removing his gaze from the ceiling. "You're gonna leave me."
“I told on him.” Sam’s head was hung low, his bangs hiding most of his features. Steve ran his hand over the boy’s hair, pushing the strands out of the way.
“But what if they do? What if, despite us never touching a hair on his head, they decide that we hurt Dean?” The blond man collapsed in a chair, running his hands through his hair.
"Tony and I don't get to spend a whole lot of time together just the two of us, so sometimes when Tony is tinkering with his cars I come down and box. Just to be near him." Steve wrapped an arm around the shorter man, kissing the top of his head as Dean rolled his eyes at the display.
“Okay, that would be you acting out,” Steve helpfully supplied. “Although we found a solution for it, we do want to actually talk about it.”
"Jesus, Sammy!" Dean threw a pillow at his little brother, who was staring at the teen not two feet from his face.
"So. I have a prototype for your new arm just sitting in my databases, I just need to get some measurements and the clearance from your doctor and we'll have you looking as symmetrical as ever!" the engineer teased
“Listen, Tony. I’m not asking you to apologize for your beliefs. And I don’t think either of us were right or wrong about the Accords. It took me time to see it, and I regret not having seen that earlier, but none of us were wrong about the Accords. You believed that we needed to be reminded of laws and authority, and that accountability needed to be taken more seriously. You were right. I was afraid of the restrictions such a system would put on us, afraid it would make us unable to help when we needed to, afraid that it would leave an opening to tyranny and abuse. I was right, and it’s exactly what happened with Ross. However… though I was right about my beliefs, I went the wrong way to make them heard. I should have listened to Natasha and worked with you. I should have made my voice heard to the UN instead of standing in the way stubbornly with nothing else to say than ‘no, you move’. I regret that. I know now I did wrong.”
“Then I will have to wait for your wish to change, and see if it is a wish I can grant,” replied Jan, with a ‘I know you’re diverting but I’ll let it slide’ look he was used to see in Pepper and Rhodey’s eyes. “It wouldn’t be the first time, you know. People’s desires do not last forever, and they change over time.”
It’s been a while since Steve has wanted to give a blowjob. He isn’t very fond of the idea, usually. But right now, he wants to, really wants to, and he shivers with lust and arousal as he wraps his lips around Tony’s erection, takes it in his mouth and starts bobbing his head up and down, hearing Tony’s breath hitch and morph into moans, feeling his legs shivering around his waist, his fingers burying into Steve’s hair and gently pulling on it. Steve lets him take control, lets him guide his head up and down. He takes hold of Tony’s hips and encourages him to move, too, to buck up into his mouth.
“There,” says Steve, reaching his door. He searches his pockets for his key, and curses because there is way too much stuff in his pockets and it takes ages. He feels Tony stepping up closer behind him and shivers when Tony’s arms wrap around his shoulders, his lips nipping at the tender skin behind his ear. Flushing, Steve finally finds his keys and fumbles to open the door. He pulls Tony inside, leads him up the stairs to the second floor. Steve has barely closed the apartment door behind him that Tony is crowding him against it, his hands cupping his face and bringing it to his, kissing him deeply. His body is firm against Steve’s.
He watches him wrapping his left hand around his hardening member, head falling back on the pillow with a deep sigh that makes Steve’s blood sing with arousal. He watches as Tony’s sex fully hardens in his own grip and flushes a darker color.
They settle down on the bed, share the cake and the cookies, and cuddle together. He has lent his largest yoga pants and sweatshirt to Tony, who looks absolutely adorable in it, which is probably a strange thing to call for a man as masculine as Tony.
“I can’t enter the tower,” explained Jan with a pout, flying around his ears while he strode towards the edge of the woods. “Because of the sorcerer’s magic.”
“There is…” started again Tony, slowly. “There are only two times I ever, consciously, wanted to kill someone. The first time was in Afghanistan. I… I was the Merchant of Death, you know, but technically, I hadn’t killed anyone. Not with my bare hands. I came back from Afghanistan as Iron Man. But I also came back as a murderer. I burnt to the ground the place I was kept in, and I don’t regret it.”
Anyone would tell you that Steve is a stubborn little shit with a ‘fight me!’ complex. Usually though, Steve gets into fights because it’s the Right Thing To Do. Because he hates bullies, and someone has to fight them, even if it ends up with his frail self being beaten into a pulp, and his best friend Bucky flying to the rescue.
“About that, Tony, you smelled tense and worried before you saw me and started playing. And you didn’t even warn me we were playing. What was on your mind?”
Tony’s cum has dried up on their skin. It should be gross and uncomfortable, but Steve doesn’t mind. Tony picks up his clothes.
Not to mention that they were making quite a lot of noise, what with his working gear and scraps his second mule was carrying. Tony annoyingly looked over his shoulder when he felt her pull on her bridle, and groaned when he saw that she had slipped again.
He’s heading back to the city, chatting happily, his body swaying in time with Dummy’s lazy gait. Steve’s laugh comes from behind him, and when Tony turns, grinning, Steve is there, riding Butterhooves. He’s all smirking lips and fond azure eyes, his face flushed from the fresh air and the sun, his strong bony hands shaking delicately Butterhooves’ bridle. There she goes, starting a cheerful trot, and she passes by Tony who splutters indignantly and spurs on Dummy with his heels. Dummy snorts, and ignores him, and Steve is laughing, Butterhooves huffing with mischief.
He enters the living-room, and starts picking up food on the table. A piece of Christmas cake, a few ginger bread cookies, and a bottle of water from the fridge. He glances at his friends.
“I… wasn’t in a good place,” finally admitted Steve. “Ever since I woke up in this century, I… something inside me had died. I had… I felt as if something was missing. As if there was no fire in my heart anymore, as if I was still frozen in the ice.”
His heart is hammering in his chest, and he’s still waiting for the dream to fade, or for Tony to suddenly laugh it all out and say he isn’t actually interested and was fucking with him.
Steve feels his cheeks starting to burn. How did the conversation go from Tony’s insecurities to his own? He tries to play it off, shrugging.
His wife Sarah at once made a salad with the rampion, and fed it to their child, who ate it greedily. The poor child instantly recovered, his livid face warming up with a healthy blush, and for the first time in many, many days, he slept without a worry, breathing easily and well.
“Please come home with me. I’m not asking for a repeat, but please let me gift you that drawing. As a thanks. You’ve done a lot for me, Mr Stark, and I want to thank you properly.”
Tony calms down, eventually, and his eyes soften as he puts his hand back on Steve’s arm, squeezing it gently.
Then Tony enters him. It’s a glorious pressure inside of him. Steve feels full, so full, and even through the condom Tony feels so warm, and God, how he moves, how he moves, graceful and fluid, rolling his hips a little on each thrust, and it’s so, so good, Steve’s insides lightening up with pleasure at each stroke.
Steve doesn’t. He draws him just like that, fingering himself, the sheet wrapped around his calves. And Tony waits for him, maddeningly beautiful as he brings himself closer to the edge and then teases himself back down, never pushing himself over. When Steve puts down his piece of charcoal, Tony isn’t the only one leaking steadily. Steve puts on a condom in a hurry, joins him in the bed, rolls him over on his stomach, pressing him into the mattress, devouring his back with kisses. Tony watches him from the corner of his one visible eye, half his face buried in the pillow. Steve enters him easily -he’s so loose, so lax, so slick- and fucks into him slowly.
Tony laughs at that, and takes the offered hand. They go up the stairs together, much slower than last time, when they had barely been able to take their hands off each other.
“I asked you for sex and you jumped right in, and then you invited me for sex, again. Don’t pretend you didn’t know you’d got me with that drawing, asshole!”
When dinner’s over, they open their presents, and then Clint and Bobbi leave. Steve dresses up, as Sharon (Peggy’s cousin) comes to pick him up. His friends cheer at him and wish him luck.
Bucky turns the TV on. He probably thinks that Steve and his guest are still asleep, and he’s trying to wake them up.
“I’m going to eat you up,” growled the werewolf, and he made quick work of untying Tony’s bodice, bending over Tony’s back so as to nip and mouth at his nape, all the while thumbing his hard nipples. Tony shuddered.
Sighing, Tony called him in. He sat up in bed as Arnie entered, carrying a tray on one arm. About to close the door behind him with his free hand, Arnie frowned at the closed shutters. The only light in the room came from the hallway, so he left the door ajar and came to put the tray on Tony’s lap, sitting on the bed next to him.
“I love you,” gasped Tony, and he felt Steve shudder against him, inside him, his hips stuttering and then teeth sinking in his shoulder as the wolf-man moaned out, riding out his orgasm in a few more thrusts, harsher, deeper. Tony felt pleasure and semen flood his insides, and that was it -with a soft keen, he came again, spilling himself on the grass.
Tony squeezes his hand, gently, and kisses his temple. He fucks Steve with his fingers a little while longer, and then finally slips them out. Steve lets out a whine of disappointment.
He worked all day, and the day after. On the third day of his stay, he still hadn’t stopped thinking about Steve -especially since Steve’s mother, Mrs Rogers, had come by to bring him a caved-in cooking-pot. Tony was but a mere tinkerer -he was essential for the villagers, but it didn’t mean he was payed that much-. It meant that he couldn’t afford long breaks, especially since he was paying for a room and meals at the inn, as well as the stables and the food for his mules. However his desire to see Steve again was too strong, so he closed shop on midday, took Dummy out of the stables, and headed for the dark woods.
Steve bit his lower lip, frowning, and then he looked up. Lightning coursed through Tony’s spine and his breath stopped altogether. He felt pinned under Steve’s stare.
Tony looked at him, still rattled, as if suddenly scared by this show of trust, and then he reached out and embraced him tightly, burying his face in Steve’s chest.
Steve pulls back his hand with a high-pitch yelp of surprise, and Tony lets go of his hand and presses both his palms on his mouth to muffle it, and then it’s impossible to stop laughing, the both of them falling on their asses on the bed behind them.
“I don’t do repeats,” hiccups Tony. “I’m the kind of idiot who falls for someone in a heartbeat, so I don’t… don’t do repeats. This was a b-bad idea. Idiot, idiot.”
The colonel laughs, a deep, warm laugh, and invites her, and the two of them head off to the dance floor, leaving Steve alone. With Tony Stark.
Tony is looking around, his eyes taking in the paintings and drawings hung on the walls, the art supplies stacked up in a mess on the table and the blank canvas on its easel.
Steve’s left thumb traced his mustache down to the corner of his mouth, and then caressed his lips, and Tony shivered again, eyes still boring into Steve’s. He felt Steve’s other hand on his jaw sliding back down his throat and torso, nails softly threading through his chest hair, and then gentle fingertips pressing on his raised nipple, trying maybe to soothe it down.
Tony tries pulling out of his embrace, but Steve holds him, and Tony, while stronger than him, doesn’t seem to have the heart to physically push him away.
He was drifting in and out of sleep when Mrs Arbogast came to check on him a few hours later. It was time for supper, and Tony had never skipped it before. Her soft knocking on the door stirred Tony out of his dark reverie, and, his voice rough, he told her to enter.
He kisses Tony’s nape one last time. Shudders. Comes. Keeps going, slowly, slowly, riding out his orgasm as long as he can.
Sam arrives next, holding a big white box on top of his presents. Steve helps him putting the gifts under their Christmas tree, where the ones of Nat, Maria, Thor, Jane and Darcy’s already are, and puts the white box in the fridge. Inside the box is Sam’s masterpiece: a Christmas cake he made with the famous recipe of his mother. Sam looks like an actor, too; he’s dark-skinned, with beautiful features, shining intelligent eyes, and a neatly trimmed goatee. Steve used to have the biggest crush on him, back when they first met in the park on their daily morning runs. Alas, Sam is straight, but he’s now one of Steve’s most valued friends. He used to be in the Air Force, and he’s now working with veterans, helping them to get back to a civilian life and getting them the help they need to heal. Steve owes Sam so much for Bucky’s recovery.
It’s quiet. Steve can hear Bucky moving around the kitchen, the clatter of the bowls and silverware. He doubts Bucky can hear them, this time. They were both so loud last night, but now, everything is different, changed. Somehow, it’s heart-wrenching. The atmosphere is like the eve of the world ending. He wants to cry, and doesn’t really know why.
Steve’s fingers teased his nipple again, and lightening ran through Tony’s spine once more, causing a moan to rush out of his mouth. The thumb on his lips slipped between his parted lips, and Tony’s tongue immediately wrapped around the digit.
So Steve gives it to him. Presses inside, slowly, carefully. He doesn’t want to come too soon, and God, Tony is so tight, it’s maddening. He doesn’t want to hurt him, either.
True, Steve was thin, almost sickly so, but he looked strong enough to be able to get down the tower. Steve shook his head, a somber look on his pale face. He was in dire need of real sun and fresh air, thought Tony.
Steve had thought they would talk the whole Civil War fiasco out after everything had settled down, and again, he had been mistaken. Tony didn’t want to talk to him, didn’t even want to have to face him, and now…
“And I don’t get why they call it ‘civil’ either. The Accords weren’t an national initiative, it was an international one.”
Tony waved back at her and headed to the village. He had to stop by the entrance and wait for a herd of pigs to be brought in. The swineherd was a youngster dressed like some sort of Robin Hood, his hair dark brown and disheveled, face impish and still baby-like. He looked like the type of teen that would stalk their heroes everywhere like some kind of sidekick. He sneered at Tony;
The sound on the TV is loud enough that they wouldn’t have heard them, and Steve is much relieved about that, especially since Wanda and Pietro are still very young.
Steve wonders why they’re whispering, but it feels like if they’d talk out loud, something would break. He shakes his head.
‘I hurt you so much because I liked you’, then, would only morph itself into a monstrous ‘You don’t deserve to be loved.’
Lightning flooding him inside, hot, scorching fire ravaging his pelvis, pleasure sparking down his thighs, into his sex, and up into his guts, rushing through his spine, up his nape, thundering into his mind as he cried out, lost into white-hot ecstasy. When he came to, Steve’s fingers were out of him and gently petting the small of his back, and his lips were pressing soft kisses on his nape.
Tony stepped back, putting space between them. His hands shakily tied up his pants and buckled up his belt, and then tried to button up his shirt.
“Sorry, Bambi, I think I caught a cold,” lied Tony, rubbing his red eyes (it was a good thing the room was dark, so at least Mrs Arbogast wouldn’t see he had cried).
“Huh… you’re the tinkerer, aren’t ya, mister? Doc told us he saw you in the city… but he said you left before him, how did you manage to arrive so long after him?”
Steve, well… it’s not that people don’t like him. He’s well-known in the bar, people like his spirit and he has numerous friends. He has dated a few. But Steve is skinny, clumsy, and awfully awkward when it comes to flirting. So people don’t flirt with him. His past boyfriends were people he knew as friends before, or friends of friends that had been introduced to him. Meeting random hunks in a gay bar? Doesn’t happen. Not to him.
Tony dresses up, and Steve escorts him out of his room, checking that no one’s there to watch them. He unlocks the door for Tony, and in a second Tony’s outside, giving him a little wave of his fingers and then rushing down the stairs, vanishing out of Steve’s life in a blink.
“That drawing was pure porn before I fixed it,” confesses Steve. “I thought you deserved better than porn, so I changed it into a nude. I… I had no idea it would make you change your mind about
“I’m sorry, I should’ve warned you before I started the game. There’s been talks about war. Everyone is on edge. I’m worried, Steve. I wanted to have you come live in the village with me, but now isn’t a good time anymore.”
“Sorry. I shouldn’t… I know it’s different for everybody, and it’s nobody’s fault. I… I understand, Steve. Really, I do… And… I knew you weren’t well the instant I realized you never answered ‘yes’ to  simple questions like ‘are you okay?’, ‘will you be alright?’. Shrugging it off. Saying you’re home. Always getting around the question. I knew you weren’t well, I just… I didn’t think it was
“Isn’t this a sight,” rumbled the werewolf. “You’re all smooth. From your shins to your thighs, even right here,” he purred as he gave a long lick in the exposed cleft of Tony’s buttocks. “You were just craving for it, weren’t you, bitch? You want a cock up your ass so badly you’ve prepared yourself, all clean and smooth, all loose and soft.”
“Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, sugar, ah,” is moaning Tony, barely muffled by the pillow he’s burying his face into. Steve looks up and watches, mesmerized, the play of Tony’s muscular shoulders as he moves in time with Steve’s thrusts, arching his back and undulating his hips in a smooth, gracious move Steve had never seen before in any of his previous partners.
They remain like this for a long moment, both painted with white streaks, still holding hands. They kiss lazily. Steve’s fingers stay there, keep caressing his insides. It doesn’t take long for Tony’s own fingers to return the favor. Steve shivers at the feeling of his long, agile fingers inside of him. Tony’s fingers are calloused, and slicked with cold lube, and it’s a delicious touch.
Joseph looked at the garden, and saw the most fresh and green rampions he had ever seen, its leaves shimmering silver under the light of the moon.
So he had ventured in the wrong woods, thinking of finding the good witch, only to get lost in the dark woods, and was now copiously insulting his mount.
“I don’t care about your money, I didn’t even know who you were before I googled you, and the sex… well, the sex is amazing, but really, I wanna know you,
So Tony’s a recovering alcoholic… that usually would be enough to send Steve running away. But surprisingly, this time he stays, the warmth growing even more in his chest. It has to be Tony’s gorgeousness that’s affecting him ; attractive people really have it easier, thinks Steve.
“Okay,” says Steve, and dips his head back down, letting Tony fuck his mouth again. He lets go of Tony’s hips and blindly searches for the bottle of lube, finds it, coats his fingers, and slips carefully one slicked finger inside of him. Tony gasps and twitches, and Steve’s mouth feels fuller, the pressure harder against his tongue.
“The bathroom’s over there,” he directs, “come join us for breakfast when you’re done. My roommate’s made coffee.”
Later, sitting on his apron and struggling to lace up his bodice, Tony complained that he was too sensitive and sore. Steve snorted at him and started digging into the basket.
“I’m so sorry it took us so much time to even learn about that,” said Steve. He wanted to reach for him, squeeze his arm, his hand, anything. He closed his fist, fighting down that urge that he knew wouldn’t be well received by Tony. “I wish you had told us.”
“Schmidt is a sorcerer, Tony. He comes here to replenish his magic, but most of the time he’s at the city and he can be away and travel for weeks. Of course he’s gonna disguise himself. His magic makes it easy to do so, to put on the illusion of a human face.”
Tony let go of Steve’s neck, abruptly, and hid his face in his hands, a sob ripping through his chest. The euphoria had crashed down, and he was now being swept by horror and fear.
The werewolf let go of him, gently. Somehow, Tony’s trembling thighs didn’t collapse and managed to keep his rear up in the air. There was a ‘pop!’ as the werewolf opened the pot of butter, and Tony sucked in a breath as lukewarm slick was spread over his cleft.
“I’m not that attracted to muscles,” he says, quietly enough that before Steve even realizes it, he’s scooping his stool closer to Tony’s until he finds himself awfully close to him and can feel the warmth seeping from his body. Maybe that’s what Tony wanted, maybe that was why he had chosen to talk in a lower voice, so that Steve would need to get closer to hear him clearly. There’s still music and chatter in the bar.
“Whenever I see him, I see her. Every time. It’s been years since Siberia. I’ve seen him lots of times now. But, every time I do, I see her.
“That was my mistake,” Tony said quietly. “I tried shielding the team from stressful stuff, and it went to bite me right back in the ass.”
“Well at least wear a sign or something, ‘cause they’re going to keep going for you and you’re obviously uncomfortable with it,” says Steve, fighting to keep the aggressiveness he feels out of his voice.
“I… I know I have been a terrible friend to you,” said Steve, carefully. “And I’m so sorry. But I really do care about you. I hope… I had hoped now that everything had settled down, you would… maybe, you could let me make up for that. Let me show you I care. Maybe… maybe we could try being friends again?”
“He looks like a living red skull,” said Tony with disgust, and Jan smothered a giggle in her hands.
prepared himself beforehand, and his muscles were all soft and yielding-, and Steve’s fingers easily found his pleasure spot -practice did make perfect, laughed inwardly Tony, thinking back of how long it had taken him the first time, nudging around while Tony was squirming around in discomfort-.
As Steve gives Thor his share, the giant suddenly stares at him. He’s not drunk at all -none of them are, they know better than getting drunk in front of Steve, Pietro, and Wanda-, and there’s a knowing look in his eyes.
Thus Tony started his day, getting downstairs for breakfast -dear God, Mrs Arbogast’s grilled bread, butter and jam were delicious-, then putting up his stuff next to the stables, where Mrs Arbogast had told him he wouldn’t be a bother. Villagers started coming by, bringing him all kind of utensils to fix, and Tony set up for work.
“Tony,” said Arnie after a moment, his voice softer all of a sudden. “Forgive me for asking, but you don’t look okay. Has something happened?”
But Gorgeous, over there, has had those hunks lining up to try and get a piece of him, and he just throws them away like trash. This ass doesn’t know how lucky he is, or maybe he’s so arrogant that he has ridiculously high standards. That wouldn’t surprise Steve, coming from a rich-looking handsome guy.
“It’s okay, darling. I’m sorry, really. I kinda wanna worship you for that line alone, but I really don’t… don’t sleep with people twice. It’s got nothing to do with you. So, sorry, I won’t be coming home with you tonight.”
“Look, if you’re trying to get me to stay, don’t. I’m old and tired. I’m done with being Iron Man, it has nothing to do with leaving you all, though I can’t say I’m very sorry about that.”
However, the relative peace shattered when Tony lifted his eyes, only to catch Arnie looking appreciatively at his bare chest. He couldn’t help it; he tensed, his shoulders hunching defensively, and if he could have backed away he would’ve, only that he was already leaning against the wall. Arnie blinked, startled by his reaction and snapping out of his reverie.
“No,” snapped Tony. Why was Arnie being so meddlesome? Tony just wanted to be left alone! “No, nothing happened,” he denied through gritted teeth.
“Be my guest,” moans Steve, and then Tony pushes himself off him. Steve spreads his legs and Tony sits between them, lubes up his fingers and opens him up carefully, watching him all the while. It’s embarrassing and unnerving, and Steve hides his face with his arm as Tony draws out of him higher whines.
Tony crossed the glade in a stupor, zigzagging like a drunk man, until he reached Dummy. His mule, sensing his turmoil, muzzled his face. Tony hugged his big plushy neck and wept, burying his face in the fluffy fur. He stood there sobbing for a long time, feeling the delicate lips of Dummy nibbling his clothes and hair in an attempt to cheer up his master.
The song eventually stopped, and Tony found himself yearning ardently for the one who had been singing. No sooner had this desire taken root in his heart, that a tiny little woman, wearing a dress of gold and coals, landed on Dummy’s withers, her wasp-like wings fluttering.
“Bambi? Ah, yes, the innkeeper, Mrs Arbogast! You’re right about the pig pen… do… do you want me to leave?”
As Tony were to head for the village, he asked Steve if he wanted to send a message to his parents and friends. But Steve shook his head, a sad twist to his lips, and asked that he wouldn’t tell them about him at all. Tony didn’t insist, and prepared to leave, watching as Steve hooked his braid to the hook by the window.
Gorgeous blinks at him, and shit, up close, he’s even more attractive. His eyes are dark blue and expressive, his jaw chiseled, his beard perfectly styled in a Van Dyke, black hair swept aside his forehead and curling slightly behind his ears and on his nape.
He rolled Tony on his stomach and parted his legs again, and Tony shivered once more as he felt his breath on his bare thighs, his large rough hands caressing his skin under the stockings. Mind still clouded, but fire spreading through his veins as quick as lightning, Tony retorted, holding himself up on his elbows;
Jan jumped on her feet, her serious face morphing into an affronted one, and she waved her tiny fists at him;
“He’s one of the cowherds,” said Arnie, and his voice wavered. “Is this… is this going to be a problem? I thought you were more open-minded than this.”
“So, what kind of fish were you trying to catch?” he asks. “Cause you won’t convince me you came here looking like that, not intending to catch.”
“If the case be as you say, I will allow you to take away with you as much rampion as you will, only I make one condition. You must give me the child as soon as he recovers. He shall be well treated, and I will care for him.”
They sat together on a bench. The white walls and wide glass panels of the buildings were blinding under the hard sun. Not a single cloud sailed in the bright blue sky. Not a single breeze shook the leaves of the trees towering in their back.
Steve couldn’t look at him. His fists were so tightly closed he could feel his nails digging into his flesh.
“What about your godmother?” asked Steve, sitting next to his lover. He was naked, safe for Tony’s cloak, and that was hilarious, so Tony couldn’t help giggling a little.
Tony moaned, both from the words and from Steve’s hand caressing his sex. His own hands were clinging tightly to the bed sheet. He wouldn’t dare touch Steve. He could only think of doing exactly what Steve had asked him. Letting go. Losing himself in the pleasure. Surging up into Steve’s hand and trembling with the pleasure of those agile fingers tightening around the head of his penis, the thumb gathering more of Tony’s slick and spreading it around, the caress of this hand sliding down to the root, then up again to the tip, staying there a little while, just long enough for Tony to try chasing after it by tilting his hips up.
Jan popped out of nowhere and happily greeted him, and the both of them, chatting, headed for the tower. Jan assured him that the sorcerer had already left, and so Tony tied Dummy to a tree and went to the tower, calling out;
Tony thought he could come like this, with the velvet feel of Steve’s tongue against his, his mouthwatering taste, the duet of them moaning their pleasure, the sparks of lust and rapture lighting up a raging fire in their core. However Steve finally broke the kiss and stepped back, ignoring Tony’s fingers buried in the flesh of his rear, and said, breathlessly;
“Christ, my bedroom is all over at the very opposite of this flat, there’s Bucky’s room and the bathroom between it, you are grossly exaggerating, kid!” snapped Steve.
Tony nodded (lied), avoiding his eyes and focusing on the tray. Mrs Arbogast was spoiling him: there wasn’t only a bowl of stew there, but also bread, cheese, a small cup of warm honeyed wine, and a blueberry tartlet. His stomach decided then that Tony had wallowed in starvation and despair enough, and it loudly clamored its hunger. Arnie laughed. Shrugging, Tony dug in. Eating a warm meal did make him feel a little better.
Industries. Tony’s new company, Stark Innovations, doesn’t appear much in the news: it specializes in programming and robotics, and Steve is astounded by how much more useful and humanitarian it is. All that time he had thought that Bucky’s prosthetic arm was a product of Stark Industries, when it really is one of Stark Innovations. Stark Innovations doesn’t only make medical high-tech, they work for the NASA as well.
Ah, Tony had always fallen hard and fast, hadn’t he? And it had always hurt in the end. His first love, Meredith, had been the daughter of one of his father’s competitors, and Howard had forbidden him to see her, leaving the two young lovers heart-broken. Cassandra had also been the daughter of a competitor, and while she had swore to Tony her feelings were true, she had been sent by her mother to gather information about the Starks. Feeling betrayed, Tony had dumped her, uncaring of her tears. Later, he had been dumped himself by his fiancée Joanna when his parents had passed away and Stane bought over the Stark Forge. Then he had dated Pepper for a while until she had gotten fed up with his antics and chosen Happy instead. Rhodey was in an on-and-off relationship with Carol, one of the mercenaries from the caravanserai. Wait, what?
Tony shudders. Opens his mouth, tongue seeking out Steve’s. They kiss, tongues intertwining. They’re still holding hands.
Tony thanked him, and followed as Bucky nudged his pigs. They passed through the village; it was so late that people were already cooped up in their home. Bucky whistled happily as they crossed the empty square. The little church standing by was the cutest Tony had ever seen, and its bell slowly rang, the sound loud and resounding. The pigs didn’t mind one bit, but Dummy shook his long ears in discontent and Tony felt another pull from Butterhooves’ bridle as she slipped again. The poor dears deserved their rest, thought Tony fondly.
“Let me, then,” says Steve, gently. He can hear the self-disappointment in Tony’s voice, and somehow, it makes something burn brighter in his chest, and he wants to comfort him. He makes Tony lie down on his back, climbs on the bed to join him. Hovering over him, he admires the way Tony looks, laying there under him, all his to take -his tousled hair, flushed cheeks, how dilated the pupils of his eyes are, how he visibly offers his throat to Steve, how the crimson silk slips down his strong arms, revealing his collarbone, the curve of his shoulders, his chest and ribs…-. Steve presses a hand on his torso, right over his heart, fingertips slightly scratching against Tony’s chest hair -vaguely, Steve registers that there is also a thin stripe of silky-smooth skin on Tony’s chest- Bending his head, Steve kisses his mouth. Tony embraces him and moans into the kiss as Steve sucks on his tongue. Steve pushes down Tony’s thong. Tony squirms and lifts his hips to help him get rid of the underwear -silky and scarlet, just like the shirt, and it makes Steve smile as he sits next to Tony, sliding the thong down his legs. Tony’s legs are strong and long, firm and hairy. As Steve gets the underwear off Tony’s feet, he laughs as he notices that Tony’s still wearing his socks. He takes them off too, throws them over his shoulder and then dives in, kissing his way up Tony’s calf and knee. Tony moans and his legs fall open, letting Steve settle there between them. Steve is kissing his thigh.
It was a joy to hear a happy song rather than the sad, mournful one Tony had heard on the day of his arrival. Jan added, snickering, that it was a love song, but he ignored her.
“I’m glad you stopped me… even though I wish you had done so in another way. Even though I can’t help but think that it’s all your fault in the first place, and I know I wouldn’t have reacted like that if only… if only… If only you had destroyed that fuckin’ screen, and tape, and stopped me from watching it, and promised me to tell me after we put the bad guy’s in jail… If only you had told me beforehand, before any of this shit show. If only you had just fuckin’
“I can’t believe all of you!” cried out Tony, throwing his hands up. “Of course I helped! I know Barnes’ a nice fellow, I know it’s not his fault, and I know he was brainwashed and had no freewill! Yes, I know he was a victim, so of course I was gonna help! But do you think that changes everything? Do you think I can magically forget what happened? I
He closes and opens his mouth a few times, but he doesn’t know how to respond, doesn’t know what to say.
“Sorry, darling,” murmurs Tony, kissing him. “This kind of thing, you’ve got to explore it by yourself first.”
“You’re not a girl,” gasped Tony, and the young man facing him frowned even more, gesturing at his clothes.
Steve kisses him again, a chaste peck. Then he dresses up in his pajamas and heads out for the living-room. He had been dreading the reaction of his friends, but now that he’s in the corridor, he can hear loud blaster noises and a resounding fanfare, and guesses that they’re watching Star Wars.
“Well, you’re the one who sticks to calling me a beast. I’m sure you could be more creative too,” grumbled Steve.
“That’s cute, Rogers, but I’m retiring, and before you say anything, I really am retiring because I am not getting any younger, and I’m just really, really worn out, and so, no, I don’t think I’ll be much around here to play bestie with you.”
“Ah, the tub isn’t… the tub isn’t big enough for two,” groaned Steve, hands moving to his belt. He paused, freed his face from Tony’s ministrations so as to look at him in the eyes. “You okay with this, right?”
When he was finally back to his room at the inn, he closed the shutters, undressed, and wrapped himself in the blankets,  curling into a ball, hiding his face in his pillow. There, ignoring the animated chatter of the village people outside, he cried himself to sleep.
“Not really,” said Steve from somewhere above him. Tony turned over and watched him, as Steve, standing precariously on a stool, rummaged in the buffet. He finally took out a tin box and jumped down his stool. “He’s a fire elemental, and Schmidt forcefully bid him to the hearth. Toro’s a prisoner, just like me.”
“I’m glad I didn’t hurt you,” he said, his voice muffled. “I’m glad I got curious about your human mind and tried talking things out with you. I love you, Steve. I would do anything to keep you safe.”
He had wanted Steve inside of him. He had wanted Steve’s sex up his arse, stretching him, sliding in and out. He had wanted Steve to moan with him, to thrust into him, to find his own pleasure inside of Tony, to fill him to the brim with his semen so Tony would feel it coat his insides, spill out, and slide down his skin.
“I’ll hunt you down and have your hide!” Tony spat as the werewolf held him down again, now swiftly disrobing him, his hands running along Tony’s strong legs, and fingering the soft woolen stocking.
Tony forced himself to open his eyes, though his head was swimming, his whole body feeling much too hot, his blood singing and boiling in his veins and battering around his eardrums, the beat of his heart much too quick, fluttering like a scared rabbit. Since he was sitting and Steve standing, he had to tilt his chin up so as to look at him, and Steve was bowed towards him. Their eyes locked, and a whimper escaped his throat. Steve’s eyes were of a blinding blue such as Tony had never seen, a pure shade of azure, the kindness and stubbornness that usually swam there drowned out by passion and fierceness.
“Oh look at you, Little Iron Man, aren’t you more sensible now? You know there’s no escape. What, did you really think you could hunt me down?”
But Steve hadn’t redrawn his face. That expression that he had caught on the paper back then, in the half-lit bedroom, had been real. He just hadn’t noticed it back then, too focused on Tony’s hands. And Tony had eventually looked away, focusing on his pleasure rather than Steve…
Religion would say it was a perversion, but Tony had never been very religious himself, so that wasn’t it. He couldn’t remember anyone talking to him about men who liked men, and yet, he immediately thought of those men as
“Yeah. I lost my parents just before Christmas. I usually drink myself sick on the anniversary of their death, but I’ve been trying to be sober. I fail on that date, every year. So this year I thought… I thought I could do sex instead. But… I didn’t think I’d hook up with someone like you. I already liked your spirit, but when I saw your art… I just knew. You’re amazing, Steve. And… dating you would be a disaster and it would end in heartbreak. I don’t want that.”
He's not sorry. Bucky brings back girls often enough and is never quiet. And then suddenly Bucky laughs;
They’re all lying around in the couch and the bean bags, like a pile of  hamsters. Thor is snoring loudly, Jane snuggled against him. Darcy, Pietro and Bucky are yelling stuff. Nat has her feet on Maria’s lap, and Wanda is curled up in a bean bag, eyes glued to the television. Pietro is lying directly on the carpet, his back against Bucky and Darcy’s legs, and Darcy, while arguing with the two boys, is weaving thin braids into his hair. Sam isn’t there; he has probably left to join his family’s dinner.
“He’s got hired men in the city? Wait… you said his name is Schmidt, didn’t you? What’s his first name?”
Tony let him hold his hand, didn’t take it away. It was maybe the first time, since Siberia, that he let Steve touch him out of the Iron Man armor. Eventually, he tore his eyes off Steve’s, and lowered his head, staring at their linked hands.
Steve grinned, and leaned in to peck his mouth, which never failed to make Tony blush, so Tony busied himself in unwrapping the cake, taking hold of the dagger so as to cut it into slices. Steve bunched up his skirt, uncovering his legs, and fingered his stockings once more.
“Here,” said Tony, throwing his red and golden cloak at him. He tied back his underwear, pulled up his stockings that were pooled down his shins, and put his skirt on. Sitting back on the apron, he patted the spot next to him.
“Hi, Mr Rogers,” says Ms Potts, holding her hand out for him to shake. He shakes it mechanically. He feels like his whole body is shaking. “Your paintings are making quite a hit. I’m very happy for you, and it’s going to be very good for the charity, too,” she says, her voice kind and comforting.
Bucky’s sprawled on the couch, sipping coffee from his favorite mug. He looks tired. Steve takes two mugs from the cupboard, fills himself one, and comes to sit on the couch with Bucky. He greets him;
They can’t harden again. Steve has no idea why they keep seeking pleasure that won’t bloom into completion. Maybe it’s not about completion.
“Look. Wanda and her brother were very young and traumatized when they enrolled with Strucker. That’s why we decided to give them a chance, didn’t we? And then the kid died. So we took in Wanda, and gave her a new home, a new life with the Avengers. I stepped back. For personal reasons, sure, but not only. I wanted to give her space, because her trauma was linked to me, whether it was the bomb that took her family, or Ultron himself. I thought naively that she would be taken cared of. I didn’t really check on her because… well, having my mind played with wasn’t something I was recovering well from.”
“No!” yelped Steve, so loudly and sudden that Tony startled, surprised by this passionate answer. “It’s just… I wouldn’t want Schmidt to realize someone’s visiting me, so… if you don’t mind, you could wash up?”
This was real life indeed. A bright sun, just like in Wakanda, and all could Steve do, just like back there, was grieve his friendship with Tony, and grieve his unrequited love that would forever remain a dirty secret to carry to his tomb.
“Can I fuck you?” growls Tony against his throat as Steve starts getting dangerously close to the edge.
He jumps out of bed, ignoring his own wobbly legs, rushing to stop him, embracing him tightly, and Tony presses his forehead against his neck and cries.
Steve left the cool wet cloth on his chest and reached for the night table, taking a cup of water that was sitting there ready, and leaning in to help Tony get into a half-sitting posture. After drinking a few cups of water, Tony felt better. Embarrassed by his fainting, he thanked profusely Steve, who just gave him a small, almost shy smile.
But then the singing started again, and Jan and Butterhooves stared at him from under their long eyelashes, and that was that. Now Jan was leading joyfully, zigzagging along the scary tortuous trees, and Dummy and Butterhooves were trotting happily behind her, while Tony was reciting alchemical formulas to keep himself calm.
Steve dips down and maps the lines of his muscles with open-mouthed kisses, feels Tony’s stomach quivering in response. He nips at his hip, and gently pries Tony’s hand off so as to put the condom on him.
New Year’s Eve passes, and Tony still hasn’t called. Steve doesn’t know if he should call himself, or if this is a clear sign of Tony not being interested in a date.
He closed his eyes and sighed. He’d been dreaming, while sleeping this disaster off. Memories, mostly. This, whatever this
“Repeats?” parrots Steve, and then he gets it and stammers; “oh! I’m sorry, I-I didn’t mean to presume-”
Steve texts Peggy not to look for him, Tony calls his own chauffeur, and they find themselves sitting in the back of Tony’s expensive car in an awkward silence. Thankfully, the ride doesn’t last for too long.
Not reacting to the pet name, the colonel smiles politely, and grips Steve’s hand in a firm handshake.
“So I decided to shield you all from that. I made sure none of that would reach you. I dealt with it on my own. Got your mail sorted before you got it. Dealt with the media alone. Listened to the victims alone. Dealt with the money issues alone. All of that so you could have some peace of mind and do your work with a good heart. It worked for a while, didn’t it? And then the Accords came, and I did something stupid. I shielded you from them the same way I did with the rest. I thought I would have time to introduce them to you in a smooth way. Also, I thought I could put our legal team on it, and get a say in their making without having to sign them first. But then, Lagos happened, and so the UN pushed the unfinished Accords forward, Ross fell on us like a hawk, and we got three days to sign. So yeah… it was my mistake. My guilt pushed me to take everything bad on my own, to shield you from it, and it was a bad move. You know the rest. I thought that we needed to sign to make sure we could still have a say in the Accords. You thought you could just say ‘no’ to a hundred countries.”
“Medication doesn’t always work, it’s different for everybody, even without serum,” said quietly Tony. “But talking things out can help, if only a little… I used to hope you were doing that with Wilson, since it was kinda his job. And you wouldn’t talk to me, so…”
“The second time, was when I fought the Mandarin. I killed defending my life, so it’s not really that I wanted to kill, more like I had no choice. And then Pepper fell. I thought she had died. I wanted to kill him, I tried to. In the end, Pepper’s the one who managed to. She became a murderer because of me.”
“You didn’t smell of bloodthirst,” smiled, shyly, Steve. “I was curious about you. And you didn’t hurt me.”
“Well, breakfast is sacred. I felt bad, knowing you were out there with an empty stomach,” replies Steve, and Tony grins, amusement in his eyes.
“Ah, ah, right here, here, here, here,” gasps Tony, and Steve’s grip on his hips tighten, he keeps the angle and lets himself go.
“In a minute!” replied Tony, and he hastily washed himself with the soap. The soap gave out a fresh, non-floral scent, that reminded him of Steve. Strangely enough, the idea of smelling like Steve made something warm unfurl in his chest, and Tony pushed that disturbing thought away from his mind -it didn’t stop the warmth from spreading through his chest, especially when, opening the basket, he found inside his perfectly folded clothes smelling the same fresh scent than Steve’s. He quickly dried himself with the towel which had been hanging next to the bathtub, and then he slipped into his clean clothes, admiring how neat they looked.
Steve closes his eyes, focusing on Tony’s fingers in him. He doesn’t think he can come from his ass alone, and certainly not after coming once already, but he likes the feeling and is not ready for their embrace to end.
So when Steve finds himself glaring and wanting to punch the gorgeous man  sitting on a stool by the counter far over on the other end of the bar, completely unaware of Steve’s wrath, well… Steve is forced to admit that it’s not the Right Thing To Do. He can’t help it, though, the anger and the annoyance he feels watching Gorgeous over there.
“Look, I’m not a danger for you. For one I have a partner, and second I don’t touch people against their will.”
“I love you,” said easily Steve, and Tony bit his lip in pleasure, both from those three words, and from Steve’s sex slowly entering him, a glorious and intense pressure. “You’re beautiful. The most beautiful man I’ve ever seen. The kindest. The smartest. The one who makes my days shine like the sun, my nights shimmer like the moon. I would carve my heart out before I ever hurt you. I love you, Tony.”
“Now you’re spoiling him,” laughed Steve, but he accepted the tinder and pushed it into the embers. Immediately, flames rose, licking avidly the treat, devouring it in seconds.
Tony kisses him again, and licks into Steve’s mouth. Steve pushes his tongue against his, and fights back until he retreats. Feeling oddly drunk, Steve explores his mouth, Tony’s tongue gently teasing his. When they finally break apart, they’re panting and Steve’s a little worried about his asthma.
Fingers twirled Tony’s nipple one last time, making him gasp. Steve’s thumb slipped back into his mouth, sliding on his tongue, and Tony sucked it gently. Other fingers trailed down his stomach and he heard his belt unbuckling, felt his now uncomfortably tight pants finally open and free his erection, cold air hitting in for a second before light fingertips landed on his sensitive skin and trailed up his length, fingers slicking themselves on the tip with the first beads of his seed before wrapping firmly around his sex.
His aggressive voice made Steve jump and look up at him. Tony stood up in a fury and turned to face him, cold anger taking over him once again, his dark eyes blazing.
Tony shivers as Steve runs his hands over his skin. Steve pauses, watches him. Tony’s on all fours just as he asked him, his head hanging down, forehead pressing against the pillow and damp hair sticking on his nape, sweat gathering in the small of his back, lube glistening and sliding down his spread thighs. He’s breathing loudly, he  must be thinking that Steve is too much of a tease.
Tony smiles. Steve thinks back to all the fake smiles he’s seen him throw to the others, and can’t help but notice the one he’s been offered seems genuine. He feels himself warming up to the guy.
“Getting the Hell out of here,” says Tony in a shaky voice, and that’s when Steve realizes he’s crying.
He shook his head, and apologized, saying he wasn’t hungry and simply needed to rest. Mrs Arbogast gave him a long look, and then wished him good night, softly closing the door and letting him in peace. She had not renounced to feed him though, for half an hour later Tony heard another knock on his door, and Arnie’s muffled voice came through;
Shit. He hadn’t meant to say that. It had escaped his lips without notice, maybe because he was desperate to think of something else than Wanda, or maybe also because that was really something he couldn’t get over.
And thus, by midday on the next day, Tony saddled Dummy and left the village. Jan was sitting between Dummy’s long ears, joyfully whistling, and it was amusing to note that no one, except Tony and his mule, could hear her nor see her. Once more, Jan guided them through the dark woods to the sorcerer’s glade, and as they reached the bottom of the tower, sad singing could be heard.
“What the flying Hell,” said Tony. “This is highly unpractical, why would someone climb such a height and risk a deadly fall?”
. Now, it finally made sense to him why, among his friends, Tony had always been the most sought-out for sexual favors. He’d never been one to say no to a pretty face or a nice character, nor had he bothered to over-think the situation, so he had been easy to be with. There were only two times Tony could remember feeling unease, and it were occurrences he had deliberately tried to forget about; Tony had never much liked Tiberius Stone, though they were supposed to be childhood friends. Their fathers had been competitors, each of them running a forge, and so their competitive streak had been passed over to their sons. Tiberius and Tony hadn’t hated each other though, and they had ‘helped each other out’ a few times. It hadn’t been a big deal. Tony had done it all the time with his friends.
“I am taking my godmother some cake and wine. Mom and I baked yesterday, and godmother always likes a good slice of cake.”
A hand let go of his shoulder, creeping to his front and unclasping his cloak, and the werewolf threw the bright hot red and golden cloth aside. Tony watched it flutter away and slump next to the basket.
It works. Tony is finally fully relaxed, and he leans on his left elbow, supporting his chin in his palm, as he smirks back at Steve.
“Are you seriously asking me that? Rogers, I didn’t put her on house arrest because I thought she was a criminal. I didn’t do this to punish her. I did this because taking responsibility of our actions means more than shrugging it off and say ‘sorry, that was an accident’. Taking responsibility of our actions means accepting to step down when we do wrong, and have our actions investigated. And that’s not only for the victims, for the people who watch us. That’s also for us. Wanda had to step down from Avengers business to reflect on her actions, but also to take time for herself so as to heal from the guilt she felt. What’s more… I know I didn’t let the hate mail get to any of you, but you couldn’t have ignored the hate she was receiving. She was in a delicate situation, she wasn’t even an American citizen, anything could have been used against her to have her evicted. You’re the one who got her evicted, in the end, with your stupid stunt. I confined her to the Compound for her own security, mostly. Because there were lots of trigger-happy men out there, who were eager to be the one to put a bullet through the skull of the foreign witch.”
I wanted to break and take from you. Would he have died if I had done so, if I had beaten him up like I wanted to? Yes, probably. Certainly? I don’t know. I’m not proud of it. I saw red and couldn’t stop. Thinking of my mom. Seeing how you lied for him. I saw red.”
“There, there, easy, Little Iron Man,” laughed the werewolf, his voice now warmer and less cavernous now that he had shifted into human form.
“Ah,” moaned Tony, “ah, more, mor-I mean, fuck you, fuck you very much, I’ll make you pay, you evil, evil bea-iiiiaaaahhh!!!”
The emotions bordering on tears, as well as the fleeting peace had floated away, and now Tony was swept again in his ocean of anger and hurt. It was jarring to see how strongly Tony still felt about all this, even years after. Steve closed his fist again, once more physically stopping himself from reaching for him and putting a comforting hand on his arm. He knew Tony would just swat him away. Tony’s body was trembling, and it was visible he was stopping himself from jumping up and pacing around.
“Yeah, and I was dressed like this. I thought you would find me less threatening if you believed me to be a girl.”
By the time Steve’s hand had let go of Tony’s softening sex, and by the time they had broken the kiss, they were both panting harshly, breathless. Steve’s fervent eyes were glazed over with arousal, and he smiled brightly to Tony;
Feeling Steve’s fingertips brush his skin, Tony full-body shivered, and his eyes fell close. Suddenly, the air around them changed. Quiet. Hanging.
Please don't hesitate to drop a comment, it really helps me. I love writing, but my health makes it very hard for me, so your encouragements mean a lot to me. Constructive criticism is welcome too, but not the flames. If I have missed a tag or misrated this work, please tell. See you next time!
“You’re not, but I know how people look at me when they want me, and you definitely do. So how about this? I don’t need you to find me someone, you’re there already and I like you just fine. Interested in having me?”
Tony stops and gapes at him, and then he’s laughing, laughing, laughing. He lets go of Steve’s arm and wipes tears out of his eyes, that’s how much he’s laughing, and Steve wants to die.
“Okay, sure, whatever you want sugar,” Tony laughs, taking a condom from Steve. He rips the packet open, grinning; “Com’ere. I wanna blow you.”
Eventually the day came to an end, and Tony had to return home. Steve turned back into his wolf form, and Tony put back on his golden and red cloak, and the two of them walked quietly back to the village. The wolf stopped on the edge of the woods and watched his lover walk away.
It was midnight already, and the full moon bathed the glade with blue light. It made the herbs look enchanted, and the small light that had guided the man to the garden now headed back towards him and landed on his shoulder. Surprised, he saw that the small light was actually a tiny little woman. Her dress was shining of gold and coals, and she was smiling at him, her wings fluttering in her back. Her pale skin glowed.
“But why don’t you… I dunno, you could cut off your hair, tie it up here and use it as a rope to get down the tower… and flee. Why do you stay here?” asked Tony.
The sorcerer looked at the rampion in his hand and then back at Joseph, looking surprised for a second, and then his surprise was replaced by a pleased, calculating glare. He said;
Tony swallowed down his food and stared at his half-eaten stew. How many of these sodomites were there in this god-forsaken village? Was perversion considered
Steve stammers something, some kind of thanks maybe. He’s going to die from embarrassment. Tony pats the colonel’s arm.
“Tony, meet Toro,” said Steve, grinning. “Toro, thanks for waking up. You already saw Tony the other day, I noticed you spying on us.”
“Oh,” breathed Steve, halting his movement. He was about to hook his braid to the window. His thin, much too thin body seemed to tense, and then he swiftly hooked his braid, the gesture sudden, almost as if in anger. “Will you not visit anymore?”
“Natural blond, huh?” chuckles Tony, kissing his way around Steve’s growing erection and purposely avoiding it.
Tony carefully sheathes him with the condom, and leans in, licks his length from the root to the tip before taking it in his mouth. Steve shudders. Tony’s mouth is warm and inviting, and looking down, watching Tony sucking on him is such an erotic sight that he almost comes here and now. Tony tries taking him deeper, and Steve’s hips can’t help but buckle, a small thrust.
“Damn right you did,” said Tony in a low voice, not looking at him, when Steve had to stop to breathe.
, have lied to anyone the way you did to me, nor would I have fuckin’ hit them in the face repetitively with a fuckin’ shield!”
“Green,” whispered back Tony, and at the same time took advantage of this moment of weakness from the wolf-man to squirm out of his grasp and reach for his basket.
I want to thank everyone who kudoed and bookmarked. I love you guys and I will try my best to not let you down. <3
Finally, they start shivering in the room, the sweat coating their bodies making them cold, so Steve carefully pulls out and frees them both from the soiled condoms. He reaches for tissues and wipes the lube leaking from Tony, making them both snicker like teenagers. Tony opens his arms for him again, and Steve settles against him, nestling his face in the space between his neck and his torso. He pulls the covers over the both of them, and they’re asleep in seconds.
He doesn’t know what to do with his hands. Tony slips a hand under his arm and drags him along, out of the crowd, just like Jan. They probably look like a couple.
Tony closed his eyes and pressed his forehead against the ground, shivering with pleasure and emotion. He was now laying on the floor rather than propped up on display, and Steve was laying on him, though careful not to crush him with his weight. Steve’s hands were running over the naked skin of his sides, his mouth kissing his shoulders and nape, his hips swinging forward, backward, slowly, until the slide of his sex got easy and smooth and entirely welcome.
There was not a soul out there in the garden. Joseph stepped carefully around a row of lettuces, ignored the grimacing face of a scarecrow, and reached the patch of rampions. He hastily clutched a handful of one, and promptly fled the garden. The fairy helped him find his way back to the road, and then bid him her best wishes. Thanking her from the bottom of his heart, Joseph returned home.
He put the box on the table and opened it, revealing mouth-watering cookies inside. The pot was now steaming with  steam, so Tony took it out from the hearth and put it down on the table, and they sat down together.
They started munching on the cake, which was very good despite now being cold, and as Steve took a sip of the wine, Tony smiled and finally answered;
“Seriously? I’m pretty sure your mirror praises you enough. Don’t need me to flatter you too. So, really, what’s your type? I know pretty much everybody here, we’re mostly regulars, so I could point you to someone.”
However, it turned out it had been more that the appreciation of an artist. The moment Steve had met Tony Stark, he had felt a pull towards him, and that pull had never left. Hence he got frustrated. He refused to think of it as attraction for a while, and when he had finally recognized it as such, he had been furious and disgusted, and had blamed Tony for it. Surely, it was the playboy’s fault -forget that Tony was at the time in a steady relationship with Pepper, and had never been seen with a man before, it had to be him that had corrupted Steve-!
With a howl, the wolf took chase, its paws loudly thumping on the ground. Tony ran as fast as he could, but as he was reaching a glade, the beast caught up with him in what felt like a heartbeat or two, and suddenly Tony was thrown head-first in a patch of tall grass, his breath momentarily cut from the shock, the basket knocked off his arms and rolling into the weeds. The werewolf  was heavy on his back, its breath loud by Tony’s ear. The beast whined -and Tony felt him change-.
“Hey,” murmured Steve, and Tony felt his fingers run up his throat and cup his jaw, thumbs tracing the edges of his beard. “Look at me, Tony.”
The werewolf -now a tall, deliciously naked and muscular blond-haired man with fair skin and overly large shoulders- easily caught the pot before it hit him in the face, and pounced back on Tony, the two males rolling in the wild grass, Tony trying to push him off but the man being much too heavy for him;
Large human hands held him down, and he felt a man’s pelvis grind against his ass, human legs blocking his own.
“He’s a well-known scientist,” agrees Steve, and hopes Jane doesn’t hear him. He doesn’t want them to know about Tony Stark.
Tony’s body trembles, arches up, Steve presses firmly on that one spot inside of him, not moving his fingers, just pressing, pressing, pressing. He feels Tony clamping hard on his fingers, his whole body quake, his come spluttering all over them and drip down Steve’s stomach.
It was Steve looking at Tony each day more and more adoringly. It was Tony longing for him ever since his singing pierced through his heart on that very first day in the dark woods. It was them engaging in fornication in a heartbeat, without  having to bargain. It was them kissing with their tongues intertwining, it was Tony craving for
It wasn’t the first time Tony had gotten off to a man’s hand. In his younger days, his puberty-blooming friends and he would sometimes experiment together, before Tony got so good at hooking up with girls. They’d trade hand jobs, and not look twice at what that was - a trade of sexual acts for their own selfish pleasure, nothing more-. Who the hand belonged to did not haunt their minds, nor did it make them crave for kisses and penetration.
Tony turned over, showing his back to him, and started walking away. However, he only made it a few steps before he stopped, saying in a voice so low that it took Steve’s enhanced hearing to catch it;
Steve put a hand on his arm, squeezing him gently, sending him a concerned look. Tony swallowed his anguish down. He didn’t want to burden Steve with his own sad life. Steve didn’t need to know of the tale of how the most powerful and rich family of smiths, the Starks, had fallen to betrayal and treachery.
Steve wants to throw his hands in the air, but he’s still carrying the food and the bottle, so he just storms off.
“We could be friends, yeah. In some alternate reality where he didn’t brutally murder my mom, we could. Please, please
Usually, Steve would stay with them on Christmas Eve. But Peggy insisted on getting him into a charity event, full of rich people, all because they’ve taken a shine on him.
Tony squeezed his big wicker basket against his chest, breathing in deeply the comforting smell of the pastry inside. It was his mother’s best recipe of
Steve’s jaw drops to the floor. This can’t be happening! He has to be dreaming! There’s no way a guy as gorgeous as Tony would want to hook up with him after a few words, nor want a skinny bean pole like Steve to top him!
“I can’t smell you well in this shape,” whispered the werewolf by his ear, much kinder. “What’s your color, Tony?”
on me,” retorted Steve, shaking his head. “I should’ve asked you clearly, not let you get swept in the mood. I should’ve noticed your mind hadn’t caught up with your heart yet. I’m sorry. I was careless and it hurt you.”
Jan evaded his hand and flew away, this time landing on Butterhooves’ head, right between her long, plushy, twitchy ears. Butterhooves blinked, and looked at Tony with her doe eyes. Tony knew that look very well.
Hearing this sorrowful lament, Tony remained frozen on the spot, feeling Steve’s sadness pierce through his heart. Jan kicked his nose to get him moving.
“Look, Steve. I’m not lying when I say I’m bi. The thing is, my last rodeo with a guy was in college and that was a long time ago. Also, he was a fucking asshole. So yeah, I’m not attracted to muscles, and I don’t feel safe around people like that, and I haven’t been in a gay bar for ages so I’m pretty rusty. But I want to be fucked tonight, and for once I don’t think a strap-on will do it. So, I don’t know why you came to talk to me as if you were looking for a fight, only to suggest to find me someone to bed, but I’m really tired already and not really in the mood for flirting.”
He closed his eyes and savored the moment. The warm water felt amazing, and helped relax his aching muscles from days of work (and of climbing up the tower). He must have dozed off at some point, because he startled awake to Steve’s voice from behind the curtain.
Steve has a fleeting thought about Bucky, wonders if he’s already home and if he’s cursing Steve to oblivion, because as Steve adds finger after finger, Tony’s moans get louder and higher, until suddenly he’s pulling on Steve’s hair, pulling his mouth off him.
A bush rustled. Tony took in a sharp breath, and started walking again, swiftly. Over the female dress, which was composed of an underskirt, skirt, bodice, shirt and an apron, he was wearing his gold and fire cloak, the hood up and hiding his face.
Looking up, Steve stills his fingers, watches as Tony shivers and arches, now gently rocking on Steve’s fingers. Steve admires how genuine he is, how he doesn’t hide how much he likes that, how much he wants more of Steve. Tony’s not ashamed of how wanton he is being, and he smirks at Steve, dark blue eyes with blown pupils lazily gazing at him from under heavy, half-closed lids.
Steve is in his Captain-mode, and there’s no stopping him. He reaches up, hands gently taking hold on Tony’s arms, and he looks straight into his eyes. Tony looks like he's skipping a breath.
“Okay,” he says against Tony’s lips. “I don’t mind outdated, but I’d like to hear more. Preferably somewhere else. Preferably in a nice, big bed.”
“Don’t say that, that ‘rich boy’ stuff. Didn’t I say I’ve read about you? It says you’ve been in jail for drug consumption, and then after Stane stole your company from you, you were homeless for a few months and you had to build Stark Innovations from scraps. I know you’ve had it tough. And, I’ve meant to ask…”
Time passed by so fast that Tony could barely believe it when the sky had turned all kinds of fiery colors, the sun setting behind the tree tops.
Tony tried to not climb too fast -it wouldn’t do to faint last the first time-, but he couldn’t wait to be rejoined with his love, and soon he was reaching the windowsill, panting, and Steve was helping him up, catching him by his wrists with his thin and strong hands, and as Tony set foot in the tower they started talking simultaneously;
Steve presses a hand on his stomach, traces with his fingers the outline of his abdominals. He was right about Tony’s musculature -he’s fit, and Steve has the familiar impulse in his fingers to draw him in charcoal. Tony’s so gracious though, lean and compact rather than wide and bulky, and Steve thinks he can understand why Tony doesn’t find bulgy muscles very attractive, because Tony, right there, is insanely more arousing-.
Steve tried to shook the images of her out of his head. He didn’t manage to. His throat constricting, he managed to parrot his therapist;
It’s true -the smell of coffee is drifting from the common room. Tony nods, kisses him on the cheek, and disappears in the bathroom, locking the door behind him. Steve is smiling like an idiot as he heads toward the common room.
“Oh, Steve,” sighed Tony, the tension in his body too much, the fire in his guts swallowing his mind, severe arousal having hardened his nipples and his sex.
“You don’t need to. It’s Christmas. I wanted to give it to you,” insists Steve. “I can’t keep it, anyway. Unless you want to risk someone stumbling over it?”
Tony remained frozen in place for a long time, and his breathing never managed to go back to normal. His whole body was on fire, he kept swallowing and working his throat, trying to smother the blaze and find something to say, but it was a lost cause. Steve didn’t seem to mind the silence, nor did he seem to notice how nervous Tony was, and Tony watched as more and more coal darkened the paper, forming an amazingly detailed figure. The look on Steve’s face as he concentrated on his drawing was entrancing, and Tony couldn’t keep his eyes off him.
She looks him over appreciatively, and smiles wider, hands letting go of Steve so as to pat his golden suit’s sleeves.
Tony swears, faltering in his rhythm but not stopping, seeking his own pleasure, until his hips stutter, and he shudders bodily, coming with a shout.
His tongue dug in easily, pressed inside of Tony, and Tony’s arms gave in at the shock of pleasure that coursed through his spine up to the bones of his arms. The only thing still holding his rear up was now the wolf-man, his hands gripping his hips with an implacable strength. The tongue delved in deeper, and Tony whined, bucking his pelvis back into the face of the man pleasuring him.
“Is it normal?” Tony asked, his voice quiet. “Here, is that considered normal? For a man to have another man as his partner?”
“Tony, Tony, I didn’t… You know I fought you back because I couldn’t let you kill Bucky! I’ve never hated you. And I’m so sorry I had to disable the main reactor from the suit, knowing that it used to be life support for you, but I really had no other choice.”
At twilight, as the father came back from the city where he had sought help and found none, he saw a small light dangling at the edge of the dark woods, seemingly beaconing him. Intrigued, the man followed the small light into the forest. The light led him deep into the forest, and suddenly the trees opened and gave way to a glade where a tall tower was standing. All around the tower was a splendid garden, which was full of the most beautiful flowers and herbs.
“And I’m the one who started it,” admits Tony easily. “I’m sorry for the rich boy sob story. You didn’t deserve to have my shit dumped on you like that.”
soul, and even if we part ways right now and forever, I’d always love you because that arm fuckin’ saved Bucky’s life.”
Tony’s felt full with Steve’s sex, felt his own weeping on the grass under his stomach, and he started crying quietly as Steve kept murmuring words of love against his moist skin.
Christ. Steve has rarely been that obsessed about someone, and he feels shame curling in his chest. He hides again the drawing behind all the other canvases, and sits back on his chair, looking at the screen where Tony’s wiki page is still up.
What had he been thinking, drawing someone in such an intimate moment? He doubts Tony would ever want that drawing. Who would want a drawing of themselves jerking off and fingering themselves? What had Steve been thinking, seriously?
He carefully reaches for Tony’s chest. He hadn’t noticed the scars the first time, probably because of the shirt at first, and then because he had taken Tony from behind. However, he had drawn them, though it was only when he had worked over the drawing again that he had noticed. Now, he can see them, the long scar over his heart, and the little ones scattered around it. It looks awfully like scars from shrapnel. Bucky has the same ones, hell, Steve has some on his back too. He traces the long, rosy scar with his finger, gently.
Beaming, Steve pulled him by his arm, out of his chair, and led him to the bed. He was standing very close to Tony, tilting his head up to look at him from under his lashes, and Tony couldn’t stop himself from taking in his face, the finesse of his traits, the small dimples and freckles peppering his white skin, the golden hair swept aside his forehead, gathered in the thick braid that coiled on the floor behind them. Steve’s eyebrows were darker than his hair, almost black, and Tony had to push away from his mind his improper curiosity -Steve standing here so close to him, looking up at him with fiery eyes, his hands skittering down Tony’s sides and landing on his hips, did not make it okay to think that Steve was trying to seduce him like the many women Tony had laid with. It did not make it okay for Tony to long for the taste of his pouty lips, nor to wonder if the curls hidden down his clothes were as dark as his eyebrows or as golden as his hair. It did not… wait, actually, why were Steve’s hands holding on his hips?
and get along with him, you’d see you could be great friends! And… it would help you two, I’m sure it would help you!”
Steve breathed in, feeling himself shake slightly. He gulped down the ugly sobs that were gathering in his throat. He still felt Peggy’s loss keenly, and he hated thinking back to the avalanche of fear that had taken hold of him during the whole Civil War debacle, to the point he had stopped thinking of Tony, Natasha, Vision and Rhodey as teammates, but as the enemy.
His former teammate looked frail and small without his Iron Man armor. Vulnerable. Steve jogged to catch him up, noticing the way Tony’s shoulders tensed.
“I’d like to draw you,” smiled, shyly, Steve. “Unless you mind, of course. I don’t have many occasions of studying  human anatomy, so you’d really be a big help. And, this way, I’d keep a souvenir of you.”
Being mentally unwell wasn’t the only reason why he had pushed Tony away, back then during Civil War, but also before then. Steve’s behavior and mistrust towards Tony during the whole Ultron affair had partly come from something else brewing in his heart. He had first intended to tell Tony, because the thought that Tony believed Steve hated him was unbearable.
Tony waited for the Red Skull to climb down and leave, and when the sorcerer finally did and left the glade, disappearing into the dark forest, Tony went to the tower and called out, imitating the Red Skull’s voice and silly accent, and all the while feeling utterly stupid from doing so;
Tony knew he should consider it, since he really did need the money, but at this time his heart and mind were hurting and all he wanted to do was heading home and have his friends pamper him. So he kept silent, focusing on his food, not gracing Arnie with an answer. Thankfully, Arnie didn’t push.
The mule shook his head and stubbornly turned right when Tony tried to make him go left. Tony rolled his eyes. Actually, he was getting a little worried, for he had spent the morning wandering in the woods instead of seeing the good witch and putting up at the small village’s inn, and at that rate, they’d spend the evening as well. He did not fancy spending the night in the forest.
Tony had never made his peace with his mother’s departure, not even after decades. Learning that she didn’t die on impact, but instead was slowly strangled to death in cold blood, while she was in fear and calling out her already murdered husband, was something that had taken hold of both lips of the wound, and pulled, ripping, ripping, ripping, until the wound had widened so much that it had swallowed him whole, making sure Tony would never heal, never stop mourning.
“You know, you could stay a few more days. We’ve got word from the cowherds, they’re getting down from the mountain pastures and will be there by tomorrow evening. It would be more work for you.”
Natasha studies him in silence, and then shrugs, turning away and heading back into the living-room;
“I could care less about that,” lied Tony, whose heart was traitorously beating faster, “I need to get back on track and find the village before the night, or I’ll end up eaten by a three-headed bear or something.”
Tony joined her to the counter as she pulled out a heavy book, opening it and searching for a pot of ink and a quill.
“Sorry, Jan, please don’t be angry. I didn’t mean it like that,” amended Tony. “You’re right, it would be a horrible thing to do and you’re not like that. I should’ve known better than to accuse you.”
bad, and I thought you were doing better, and I thought Wilson would take care of you… it was supposed to be what he did, taking care of vets with PTSD. And well, I had a lot of shit on my own plate, so I thought…”
“How dare you come into my garden and steal my precious rampion like a thief? You shall suffer for it!”
“Really,” laughs Tony, and he pushes him on the bed and joins him, hands planting themselves on each side of Steve’s head, legs tangling together, hips locked. Their growing erections are pressed together, but still separated by the thin lace of Tony’s underwear, and Steve runs his fingers over the lace, follows its patterns, tracing them from Tony’s hips to his front. He can feel Tony’s sex hardening under his fingers, stretching the lace, and Tony is muttering something about him being a tease.
“Seems to me common sense hasn’t left you yet, then. There’s still hope for you,” he smirks, going for dry humor.
It’s Christmas morning, and the most amazing Christmas Steve ever had. He wakes up to Tony kissing his forehead, and is a little embarrassed when he realizes that he had been drooling on Tony’s chest all night, but Tony just laughs it out, and they stay in bed for a long hour more, lazily kissing and caressing each other.
The drawing is beautiful, though. And Steve feels his guts twisting and warming, feels himself hardening. He closes his eyes, trying to chase the image, but all it does is making the image come alive behind his eyelids, Tony’s scent -expensive cologne, iron and musk- filling up his nostrils, his throaty voice and moans echoing in his ears.
Tony. “You were right, a hotel would’ve been a fucking waste. This is perfect, you’re perfect, come here so I can worship you.”
He wrenched his hand out of Steve’s gentle hold. His whole body was taunt as a string, bursting with rage, his teeth gnashing as he gritted them, his deep eyes burning with hurt.
her, Cap. It’s no wonder her mind snapped after what happened to Vision. It’s no wonder we lost them both.”
Tony blinked, ripping his eyes from the heart-warming view of Steve’s long and delicate fingers wrapped around his arm.
“Tony? Tony, what’s wrong? Please, love, talk to me,” pleaded Steve, standing up and reaching for him, hands holding on his shoulders.
While the water warmed and Steve was putting mugs on the table, Tony observed the fire a little while longer, but the little figure didn’t reappear.
As he was about to turn back into the deeper forest, his sensitive nose caught a smell and he looked up. Sitting in a tree, high above his head, was one of Tony’s friends: the blond huntsman. He was playing with his bow, but his arrows were safely put away in his quiver. Noticing he had Steve’s attention, the huntsman saluted him with two fingers to his forehead.
The scent of thyme and chamomile had filled the room, coming from the two opened jars Steve had put on the table alongside the mugs. Steve himself was humming quietly when Tony joined him near the hearth. The smile he gave Tony was strangely shy, and his eyes took him in as if he was liking what he was seeing, his glance lingering on Tony’s moist and curled hair. Steve’s cheeks reddened endearingly as he seemed to realize Tony had caught him staring, and he went back to poking the fire.
Steve almost falls into a military salute, and he wants to crawl into a hole and die. Also, does Tony have a pet name for everyone?
! Repetitively! You could have killed me, Steve! It’s the weakest piece of my armor, and human brains are so fragile! I could have had lasting damage, serious sequels! Don’t you know!? You go to the face when you hate someone. You go to the face when you wanna hurt or do lasting damage. You go to the face when you wanna off someone! So why the Hell did you do that if you don’t hate me?!”
There were once a woman and a man who had long, in vain, wished for a child. At length it appeared that God was about to grant their desire. Those were terrible times to have a child, for illnesses had spread through the lands and reached even their isolated village. When the woman finally gave birth, the unfortunate baby was born frail and sickly. His parents were scared he would die, but the child grew up through all the epidemics, until finally the sickness had left the land.
“You’re so strong,” Steve said, admiringly. “I wish I looked like you. I’ve never been able to put on much muscle.”
Steve leads him through the neighborhood. The Christmas decorations illuminate the streets full of joyful people. There are Christmas carols bursting from the bars and the still opened shops. Steve is still holding Tony’s hand. Their breath make small white puffs in the cold.
In the morning Tony lazes around in the bed, and Steve draws him. It’s too early to have breakfast. Tony watches Steve with heavy-lidded eyes, and his lips curl. He moves under the thin white sheet, and stretches like a cat, sighing, eyes fluttering close for a few seconds, arching his back. His legs pull at the sheet, making it pool down his stomach. Tony watches Steve as this last shakes his head in disapproval -how is he supposed to draw him if Tony keeps moving every few minutes?-, and then he smiles. He’s caressing himself now, fingers tracing undetermined patterns on his skin, skipping over his nipples, tracing down his happy trail, wrapping around his half-hard member. He watches Steve as he starts stroking himself.
As Tony bends and kisses him, again, rocking into Steve, they both grow fully hard, and it feels so good to get that warm, warm and sensitive skin against the other’s, that Steve forgets all about the lace and links his arms around Tony’s waist, anchoring himself and moving with him. It’s not smooth enough, so they stop for lube, picking it up from the night table and pouring it on their lengths, and then the slide is much easier, much more pleasurable. Tony rocks and rocks against him, and Steve is gasping loudly, Tony’s teeth nipping at his neck and down his chest and nipples while Steve runs his hands down the small of Tony’s back and all over the firm, working muscles of his ass.
“I understand,” he said again, his voice raw. “I understand when you say you were unwell and that you spiraled out of control. I even understand why you didn’t tell me about… about, you know... even if I wish you had told me, I understand how time stretches and blends into an unstoppable spinning top when your mind isn’t okay. And then… you think you have time, but before you realize it, it’s been months, it’s been years, and nothing’s changed, you’re still stuck in the mud trying to drag yourself out to sanity. So yeah, I wish you had told me, but I understand why you didn’t… What I don’t understand… what I really
been like that. Only Tony hadn’t wanted to care, and it was easy to not pay attention to men when he was young, easier even now that he loved women and was loved by them. The mind is something powerful, but also easy to mould. Where did Tony get those thoughts, about wanting men being an abnormality? An illness? A perversion?
“Yeah? It’s still mainly your fault. I did a mistake in trying to keep you all away from the shit storm, but it doesn’t excuse you from having deliberately ignored politics and the real world.”
“Yes, yes you did. I know you, Cap. Whenever there’s something you don’t like on the TV, you turn it off.” Steve winced, for he remembered very well doing so when Wanda was watching the news in the aftermath of Lagos. Tony kept going; “So of course you’d never know about what people thought about us, or what politics were going on. You didn’t like it? You ignored it. You did the same with the Accords. And okay, you’re only human, so you can make mistakes. But you dragged the whole team down with you, just because you were so very content in your imaginary world. Must have been a shock, to realize that none of your wonderland could work without financial and legal support, huh?”
There’s Maria, too. She’s a cop, and she lives in the same building than Steve and Bucky, and they can’t quite remember how they ended up being friends, but they are, and she looks very funny dressed up in a silly Christmas pullover while still looking stern and strict. She has a headband with reindeer antlers stuck in her short dark hair.
This was Steve looking at him with desire, this was Tony surrendering his pleasure to him. This wasn’t a barter of sexual favors, it was the joining of their wants. It was Steve holding him through his fall from the edge, it was Steve valuing Tony’s pleasure over his own, it was Tony being entranced not by the hand, but by the person who the hand belonged to.
So it wasn’t that Tony had been ‘contaminated’ or something. He hadn’t been warped into something else by the black magic of the dark woods. He had
. I didn’t invite you here for sex. I swear. I just… I just wanted you to have a nice Christmas. As a thanks for buying my paintings.”
For Tony, who had been used by so many people, who had been left again and again, whose godfather had tried to kill him, whose longtime girlfriend had almost given up on them, whose teammates had stabbed in the back… those words would only hurt him further.
She arrives at the same time than Thor, the bartender from Steve’s favorite gay bar. Thor’s a giant blond, bearded and long-haired, and really lives up to his name -he looks like a viking, to be honest-. He has a booming voice and seems a bit clueless sometimes, but he has the biggest heart Steve has ever seen, and he’s surprisingly wise when he lets go of his carefree attitude. Thor has brought along his girlfriend Jane, who is a scientist and looks his complete opposite -she’s quiet and not very people-friendly, often stuck in her own world of calculations-, and Darcy, who’s Jane’s intern. Darcy is the funniest girl Steve has ever met, and she’s living to it right now; she’s bought the ugliest Christmas pullovers for Thor, Jane and her to wear, and she has swapped her regular glasses for big, glowy ones. She’s wearing big bunny ears too, though Steve isn’t sure what that has to do with Christmas.
Once upon a time, in a village near the forest, was a young man who was beloved by everyone. His real name was Tony, but he was more often called Little Iron Man, on account of his wonderful skills as a blacksmith and of his short height. He always had on a cloak with a hood, gold and fire-colored, which was given to him by Jan, the village dressmaker. She thought it would bring him good luck, for she had made it of a ray of sunshine -or so she said-. And as the good bubbly young girl was considered something of a fairy, everyone thought the hood rather enchanted too.
Tony heard the pigs squealing outside as Bucky herded them into the pig pen, and the church bell slowly striking ten o’clock.
“I just don’t like it,” smiles Steve, though inside he isn’t smiling, because he can’t help thinking of his drunk of a father.
“I’m not talking about the Accords,” Tony interrupted him. “If anything, all the Accords did was highlight how much we had failed her in the first place. Since then, I already knew it wouldn’t end well for her.”
They also learned that Thor has issues with aggression, Bruce has something called 'meltdowns', Natasha can get really scary sometimes when she thinks she's in danger and Clint will get scared if you talk with your hands when he's close by.
Deans face shut down. Any expression it once held fled. After a moment, he smiled, the lines a bit too sharp to be natural as he responded "If you think a little blood is bad, boy you don't wanna know how the rest of my life has gone. If you weren't bleeding by dinner you weren't working hard enough." Dean stopped. His eyes widened. "Wait, no. That came out wrong. Our dad wasn't abusive, I swear! It's just, he was in the marines and we did drills and runs and shit! You know how it is, right? Steve?" Dean looked to the soldier for help.
The boy, seeming much older than his years, stood from his bed and in front of his protector. "Dad would be proud of you, Dean. Steve and Tony are proud of you. Hell, you're my fricken hero, Dean. I know you hate chick-flick moments, but you're my big brother. And I love you."
“He’s very powerful, Tony,” said Steve patiently, as if talking to a child, which made Tony want to swat at him, “He’s even got hired men back in the city. He’s got money, too.”
“I think you know better than most,” he said, gently, “that those who are different and in smaller numbers, are considered as abnormal. But it doesn’t mean that there is something wrong with them.”
Tony followed him upstairs, and Arnie led him to the room at the end of the hallway. Tony thanked him and entered. The shutters were already closed, so it was even darker than outside, but Tony didn’t have the energy to lit up a candle. He let go of his bag, took off his boots, haggardly flinging them on the floor, and finally threw himself on the bed. Despite the grunts he could hear through the wall (he guessed the pig pen was right under his window), he was asleep in the blink of an eye.
“It’s my first time coming here,” admits Tony. “A friend recommended the place to me. I can see why.”
His usually piercing and azure eyes glazed over with unshed tears, Steve anchored his braid to the hook by the window, and didn’t try holding him back anymore.
No repeats. Steve knows nothing’s going to happen, but strangely enough they’re still holding hands. It feels natural and comforting. Tony’s hand is warm, and still as rough as last time.
“You okay?” said the wolf-man, and Tony took a moment to check on himself, eyes closed. His body felt like cotton, but he still wanted, wanted,
Steve stopped, realizing for the first time how severe was the grief Tony was holding in, and realizing how naive he had been to think that Tony acknowledging Bucky as a victim of Hydra as well as the tool of the murder rather than the murderer himself, that Tony acknowledging that would fix his pain. Somehow, Steve still believed in great tragedies and romances, stories like the one of El Cid, who killed doña Jimena’s father, and still got to get happily married to her. Either Jimena actually hadn’t loved her father at all, or the whole story was bullshit, realized Steve, because there was no way you could still love someone that much after they killed your beloved family. Forgiving was one thing, but loving?
And Tony gently reaches for him, takes his hand in his, his thumb smoothing his pulse point, while his other hand reaches for Steve’s face and brings him closer to his.
“You smell like pig,” snorted Steve, as he pushed down Tony’s shirt. Tony moved his arms obligingly, letting Steve strip him of it.
He has a moment of panic as he finds his bedroom empty. But then Tony comes out from the bathroom, hair wet and body wrapped in a towel, and Steve wants to cry in relief.
Tony has left without a goodbye. Without a name. Without a phone number. He’d probably never come back to the bar, and Steve would never see him ever again.
They walked together, away from the main buildings of the compound. They needed space, and they didn’t want to have anyone barging in a discussion that could very well end up in a screaming match -and if they did end up yelling at each other, well,  maybe that was long overdue and thus, they didn’t need someone stopping them. Steve knew Friday was still monitoring the place though, and could send help if ever they came to blows. Of course, Steve would never let himself hit Tony ever again -but he knew Tony didn’t trust him not to, and that he only agreed to come in a secluded place alone with Steve because he knew Friday could still watch them. Walking with Tony had used to feel calming and peaceful. They would fall in the same steps, and share dry humor. Even now, after their friendship had been torn apart, and as they were walking in a tense silence, their feet still went together at the same pace -a ghost of an intimacy that had died too soon, leaving regrets, longing, and secret what-ifs-.
… but knowing it with your mind is not the same than knowing it with your heart, okay? I never got over the death of my mom in the first place, how the Hell do you want me to get over the fact she got murdered? And now, thanks to your little lie, I’ve even
“Or maybe you’re such a good, good bitch, that you just crave a cock inside your ass. I’ll give it to you, then. A good pounding.”
“Tony Stark. The CEO of Stark Innovations? He’s one of the leading fortunes in America, you know? Hey, if he’s gonna be your patron, you’ve gotta know who he is. Look him up on the Internet, Steve.”
Then Steve shivers as Tony rocks against him, the feeling of the lace on Steve’s most sensitive skin foreign and so, so arousing, that he feels the blood rushing down and engorging his half-hard member. He sinks his fingers under the golden hem, threads them through the dark curls half-hidden underneath the lace, takes Tony’s erection in a gentle grip, giving him a few strokes before letting him go. Tony groans, moving in to kiss him, and as their mouths meet, Steve blindly pushes the undergarment down Tony’s hips, down his thighs and to his knees. Tony fumbles a little, kicking it off, and for a few seconds Steve’s eyes follow the golden lace as it falls and slumps on the floor. He’s thinking about how gorgeous Tony looked in it, and wonders if he would let him draw him again. He wants to put on paper the contrast of Tony’s tanned skin and dark hair with the golden (usually thought to be feminine) lace, how the almost see-through undergarment fit closely to the shape of his penis, bottom, and upper thighs.
