"Have you got condoms? Lube?" Star wants to know, and shit, good point.
Steve smiles as he pockets it, then pats his stomach.
Steve half-turns, the corner of his mouth hitching despite himself when Tony Stark steps into his space and grins up at him.
you?"
"'Tony Stark's new mystery man: can he fare better than the ladies?' 'Prince Charming tries another Cinderella'. Holy crap, they move fast."
"No, I bet on you having a better instinct for self-preservation. But that's the Tony Stark factor for you, I guess. ...On second thought, I have no idea why I did. You've always laughed in the face of good choices."
"Thank you," he manages when Phil pulls back to look at him. Phil traces the thin skin under Steve's eyes with his thumb, brushing the moisture away.
makes Steve's heart feel like it's cracking down the middle. It's too painful to breathe, so he holds his breath for a while, until his chest starts burning with lack of oxygen instead of other things. Jim Morita had a huge sprawling family. The thought makes Steve smile, and it's only then that he realises his face is wet. Dum Dum never had children, but there is a chain of gyms and bars across America that bear his name. Dernier died some time ago, in France. Falsworth ascended to being the eighth Earl of Wessex before his death just two years ago. He had two children who are both gay, which should make it interesting for the next generation of the succession.
It isn't a thing. It was never going to be a thing – Phil has his work and Steve has his clients, the life he clawed back for himself from the rubble. But Phil touches him more when they meet up, and every now and again, they find themselves back in Steve's bed, just their bodies sliding together sometimes, going at it as hard as Steve can take at others – and Steve can take a lot. It's good. Satisfying in a way his escort business can't hope to reach, because none of these other people really know him.
"None taken." Sam grins at him. "Not everybody's ready to talk about what's out there. But, for the record, you ever wanna? I'll listen."
The door seals behind them and the friendly agent removes her helmet.
"Likewise, JARVIS," Steve manages through the insidious warmth of arousal Tony's touch is sending through him. Looks like he'll be breaking his own mandate from earlier in the evening – and he couldn't care less.
The time both drags and flies. The drink does nothing for him – he hasn't forgotten his hard-learned lessons about the questionable benefits of his metabolism – but it makes his stomach warm and his limbs feel a little looser. His mouth still tastes a little of the sweet drink Tarren must have had before he kissed him, and he can still smell his other dance partner's perfume when he lifts his hand to his face. Alone for a few minutes, he takes stock.
He makes sure to go up and say thank you to Yingtai, their instructor, after the next practice. She looks at him shrewdly as she wipes her neck with a lime green towel.
Because he does. Go home with people, that is. It's almost as if there's some sort of secret arrangement that he isn't party to; each evening, as soon as he comes through the door and exchanges hellos with the other regulars, someone will introduce him around to people he doesn't know, and of them, there will always be one person bold enough to ask Steve to go home with her or him. Steve never says no. It's sex, and he
Tony gapes. "You - you wanna start with me, Mister Maybelline?"
"Did you just get back?" Steve asks, taking in the rumpled clothes and mussed hair that isn't a result of Steve pushing his fingers through it, honest.
Steve laughs joyously. "Welcome home, baby," he murmurs, sitting up and arching his spine so he can kiss Tony without him having to get up. Steve kind of likes him in that position, hovering over Steve's hips like he has plans for them and he won't be deterred. Tony kisses back eagerly; Steve moans high in his throat when he feels Tony's fingers undoing his fly and starting to push his jeans down his thighs.
"You know it, baby." He doesn't seem to have taken Steve's rejection to heart – probably because he knows Steve is very far from saying no to this offer (or any other, if Steve's honest). "Wanna go for a ride?"
"How could you, Phil? How could you let me find out like this? You didn't think I could know this and not make an idiot of myself? What, you think I can't keep my mouth shut? Recognise 'classified' when I see it? I had to meet him in the middle of an event, in a crowded room with unclear exits, and I had to stand there and take it, pretend for Ms Potts and Stark and my—my—"
"You know that's not how it works," Steve says, knee-jerk, and immediately wishes he could take it back when Phil flat-out laughs at him.
"This was good, right? I can call you again?" she wants to know.
'Just breathe,' Steve reminds himself as his palm presses to Stark's. 'Be cool.'
He has never been the kind of guy to judge other people for what they choose to do with other like-minded people. Love is love is love, and it sure beats the hell out of war and the kind of destruction he has seen in his two lifetimes. When he was growing up, having so little and seeing his Mom worry every day how they were going to get through the next, the only thing that had made life bearable had been other people. Bucky, really, for him, but he hadn't been so ignorant not to know what went on in certain bars near the docks. No one thinks the little guy is someone they have to hide from, and anyway, the looks on men's and women's faces when they were with the person they loved, it meant more to Steve than any empty platitudes the church could declaim.
"Yeah," is all Tony says. Steve feels eyes boring into his back all the way into the lobby, and fights to not react. He has never liked being stared at, but Tony—well, Tony is something else.
"Hi," he says easily, pleased to see Pentecost's face lose the suspicious squint.
"Your friends are interesting people," Steve says with a smirk.
Steve rolls his eyes. "Sure you did. And who wouldn't be a fan? I like people who know what they're doing, and you certainly fit the bill."
"Hey, guys," he calls, waving like a dork. "Thanks for coming. Phil's down on the fifth floor with Nat, we set up a stronghold."
u r rnt u
Steve eyes Tony. "You're not going to give a speech, are you?"
"Um," says Steve, wondering what the etiquette is when you're being flirted with after you've already sort of made arrangements for the night.
"Holy fuck," Pentecost whispers, one of his hands letting go of Steve's hip to stroke down his back, digging his thumb gently into the knobs of his spine to ease the unconscious arch of it. "You all right?"
He leans in again, and this time he gives in to what he wants, and presses his mouth to the tip. Tony's hips jerk and it grows wet under Steve's touch, making his lips curve smugly. Whatever else happens, Tony wants this, with him. Steve being a firm believer in positive reinforcement, he opens up and lets the tip slide inside, over his tongue, indulging in the taste of arousal, the smell of want on the roof of his mouth.
do not ask him 2 buy u food
he wants to meet up to return them, says he owes me one
Dear Tony,
With this kind of assembly, HYDRA doesn't stand a chance. Steve looks at his people and smiles with all his teeth.
"Oh no," Sam says, actually shaking a finger at him. It sets Steve off again into breathless giggles. He wonders if he's on a high from adrenaline that built up during his confessions and had nowhere to go. "You're not getting off nearly that easy," he hears through his gasps, and then he actually has to bend in two and guffaw. From the chair across the couch, he can hear Sam squawk about innuendos and how they won't help Steve wiggle out of this. Honestly? He feels lighter than he has for months.
"But then—" Sam's face falls in slow motion. "When did you un-freeze?"
Steve smiles back, grateful for the easygoing atmosphere. "Hi," he says back, sliding his ass over one of the small barstools lining the front. "Seems busy. This place always like this?"
To his amusement, the tops of Phil's cheeks heat, and he's starting to look a little cornered.
"Dude, you're seriously good," Jonah says a little while later, on his way around the room. Steve hesitates to think badly of a brand new acquaintance, but Jonah reminds him of nothing so much as a peacock strutting about, puffing out his chest. He's sure Jonah is a perfectly nice guy, just.
"Cool, man. Well, here's something I enjoy a lot. Picked it up in London, they go nuts for this shit. 'S called Smirnoff Ice, there's vodka in it, and it's got a lemon twist. Wanna try?"
"The Army and Air Force are trying to get involved," Hill supplies. "Don't know how much help we can accept from them before this turns into a military stand-off. They're not exactly being loquacious. We don't know what their positions are, and Colonel Rhodes is away on assignment right now so he's out of the loop."
"All right, team. Let's get to work."
i got it :)
Steve frowns. "Honestly, that never crossed my mind," he says, indignation and anger rising up inside him at the thought that some waste-of-space asshole out there made her need to justify herself. Before she can say anything else, he opens his mouth and goes for it, just like Melanie taught him so many years ago – open and wet, sliding his tongue between her labia hard enough so it doesn't tickle, just firm pressure that Laeticia yelps and jerks into.
"Oh," Steve gasps when Shawn pushes them apart, starting to stretch him. It stings a little but fades quickly, and his muscles just
*half an hour*
Tony laughs. "I'll have a combat boot made just for you. Seriously, though. I kind of wanna date you. Where are you on that?"
He opts for a button-down shirt this time. His self-appointed fashion police squad nixed the plaid, but a nice navy blue is deemed acceptable - even if they complain about the lack of going-out choices in his closet - so he tucks the tails into his jeans and toes on his loafers, checking his reflection in the mirror for a brief moment before leaving his apartment. He hasn't shaved in a couple of days, but Karen, a lady from his life drawing class, had complemented his look, so he decides to try it out on a few other people. If it results in striking out, well, it won't be the end of the world, and that's fixable, at least, unlike the rest of his face.
He settles the check while Tony is in the restroom, then leans back into his chair and sips his coffee, thoroughly content with his lot. Maybe he had to wade through all the shit thrown his way just to get here, to be capable of sitting still and savouring the moment without the nagging urge that he should be someplace else, moving until he can't anymore.
"People do that?" Steve demands. This is insane. Tony is the genius behind Stark Industries. Without him, there
Steve flushes a little, biting his lip. He wants to launch back into his usual deflection, but he looks at Sam and thinks about what those stories must have meant to him, growing up. So he tilts his beer in his direction and drinks deeply, before leaning forward for another spring roll. They demolish the rest of the food mostly in silence, punctuated by Sam asking questions about the Commandos' missions and ribbing Steve about being better than a waste disposal - leftovers never stand a chance around him.
Bouley glows warmly in the evening dusk, drawing him in with the promise of a decadent experience he won't forget. He checks that the knot of his tie lies flat and snug at his throat, and smooths a hand down the front of his jacket. It's the only three-piece suit in his wardrobe, a rather expensive Tom Ford model that Steve keeps for special occasions, like escorting a client somewhere really public and high-end. As to why he felt compelled to put it on tonight - he loves the way it fits, hugging his shoulders but not too loose over his waist, and when he'd pulled on the pants and turned to check the tuck of his shirt, well. He'd tap his ass. Even if this thing with Tony is doomed, and all he'd have to show for it is the memory of that spark of connection between them, he is  just vain enough to want Tony to remember him too; to not just remain a face in the nameless crowd of Tony Stark's conquests.
Frankly, Steve is too busy whooping his head off to respond. This, sweet Jesus, this is fucking
"Hey, Steve! No, not at all. Hit me."
Steve grinds his teeth, looks Tony dead in the eye. "I'm not him anymore. I'm not Captain America. I'm just Steve Rogers from Brooklyn, New York. Okay, Tony? I was born a hundred years ago, but that doesn't make me special. Everything special about me came out of a bottle."
Message received. Stark is like a bulldog with a bone.
" Steve moans. His eyes fly open and his mouth drops, and he feels like he can't get enough air into his lungs.
you could even say they’re trans-pant-able.
"Are you—is—you're okay with that?"
He cannot quite believe he just did that. He has never been so brazen, assumed so much. Surely, she's going to laugh him out of her incredibly stylish and well-appointed condo, and she'd be right to do it.
you know how his hair gets bird’s nest wild
"Thanks," Steve says. He still feels like he's drifting out of his body, trying to find the way back in.
The hand in his hair moves, and fingers start running through the strands. It's incredibly soothing. Steve could probably fall asleep like this, but he knows he should move, that he can't stay here. He has already compromised himself to an unacceptable degree. Phil would have kittens if he knew. Steve flexes his thigh, brushing experimentally against the pleasant weight of Pentecost's balls. Pentecost's breath hitches just a little bit, and Steve smirks against his chest.
"You have
"Thanks. I think."
He has done a lot of jobs in his life. More than any one person gets through in a lifetime. The army drilled into him how to kill, but it also taught him strategy, and leadership, and people, both inside and out. In the depths of besieged Europe, there had been absolutely no option to drag a medic around with them; so Steve had taken it upon himself to read up on basic field medicine. He already knew muscles and bones from the books he used to devour for his art; but in France, he learned to stitch together skin slit open by a well-tended blade; and in Poland, he learned to immobilize and splint a leg; and in Italy, he learned that knowing that head wounds bleed like seven kinds of hell is not the same as seeing Falsworth's head leaking enough blood to fill half of his body.
And there it is. Steve cracks up. He can't help it. It's that or really lay one on him.
who wouldn't stop until HYDRA did.
"Be my guest. We can walk over there, if it'll make you feel better. It's not far."
"Mm, Jonah is right. You're good," Natalie says. There is a soft burr to her words, something not quite foreign but not exactly local, either.
"Call me Phil," Phil says. His smile is as kind as his eyes. "And I'll hold you to those phone calls."
Steve looks over to Shawn as the man wraps his hand around Steve's wrist and tugs gently. Shawn catches his eye, looks over at the other man, and grins, tipping his head towards the dancefloor. Given tacit permission, Steve grins, too, and, feeling bold, winks. He sees Shawn throw his head back and laugh again, and then he is being tugged away towards the mass of dancers.
"You mean, do I normally..." He can't say it. Why the hell can't he say it?
starmichaeltrinion: OTHER THAN THAT, YOU HAVE MY BLESSING, YOUNG PADAWAN. GO FORTH AND HEAL PEOPLE WITH YOUR DICK.
"You brought this on yourself," Phil says behind him, just loud enough for Steve to hear. He doesn't bother to dignify that with a response. Tony holds out a hand, which Steve takes, allowing himself to be tugged closer.
(PS: oh, and for the record? I like you too.)
"You are most welcome," Tony replies, sticking his hands in the pockets of his pants. With his white shirt open at the collar and his sleeves rolled up, he looks the epitome of effortless chic. His hair is still windblown; his goatee gives off a mischievous impression, hinting at the fun they could have together. Steve is still hopeful that something along those lines is on the cards. Tony clearly likes the look of him, and Steve would be lying if he said he wasn't ready to go to his knees for him at the slightest excuse.
actually, you’d be surprised.
"Spectacular," Steve agrees appreciatively, then shakes himself and opens the car door, turning to hand Katya out of it. She exits gracefully, long ruby-red gown settling over her shapely legs like a waterfall of silk.
"Take these off," he says when they pull apart for air, fingers scrabbling over the button and zipper of Steve's jeans. "And the shirt. Been wanting to see that body all night."
"I fucking knew it," Tony says vehemently. "I
"Man, shut the hell up," Sam tells him, rolling his eyes. "Do you know how long it took me before I could look another vet in the eye? Two years, Rogers. Two years and seventeen days. Sometimes, there's so much pain inside you, it don't leave space for anyone else's. You're not a bad guy because of it. It's not your fault everything was ripped from you. It's not your fault you're not ready to take on someone else's grief as well as yours. It'll get better. It won't ever go away, but some day, you'll look at someone pretty badly off, and you'll see your way to helping them through to the other side. And it ain't a problem if it takes you a few years to get to that point. Anyone tell you any different, they've never been even remotely close to where you're coming back from."
I can’t, I just, what do I do? What do I fucking DO?
Shawn's answering inhale is shaky. "So okay, man, you got no idea."
"If that's what he wants, then of course," he demurs. Two can play that game.
Encouraged, Steve slips lower, until Shawn's dick is right in front of his face, twitching a little with anticipation. Steve licks at the tip, wanting a taste. It's salty, a little bitter, but overall, the combination of what he's doing, the smell of Shawn's sweat, and the taste of his skin, is
starmichaeltrinion: WAS IT GOOD
first of all how dare u
Seriously though. I know he's your bff or whatever, but i thought we were friends man. How could you let this blindside me like that? If you'd just manned up and told me what you knew we wouldn't be in this mess to start with. I'm not a fucking asshole, jesus, i
"I should introduce you to Numiko, she's curating a modern art exhibit in her gallery in Soho right now. You can butt heads for a while, she'll like that."
Steve tells him, then adds, "You're welcome to join me, if you like. That is, if you think you can keep up."
Tony's attention is back on the road, for which Steve is grateful. "One," he says out of the corner of his mouth, "I always look good, baby. And two – I don't need you to do anything but be yourself. Maybe don't wander too far away. I tend to make enemies when I'm bored and the company doesn't need more people to campaign for me to step down as CEO."
When his body tells him he's reaching the fifteen mile mark, Steve loops a couple of blocks and heads back towards the apartment. Now, he's meeting a few early-rising dog owners puttering after their mutts, and another runner who nods at him as she passes in the opposite direction. It's not a park, but Steve has always been a city boy at heart, and he likes the streets. Likes the life. He always thought, before, that he and Bucky would come back to New York, get married here, raise their children a floor apart at most in the same apartment block. It's what he had dreamed about, on those dark, cold nights when it had felt like the war would never end.
"Great," the lady says, sticking out a hand with four heavy, ornate gold rings on it. "I'm Sonika."
Before Steve can work out what to say, or whether to admit he heard that at all, Tony draws to a smooth stop outside the doors of Stark Industries, thrown open and lit up with floodlights to welcome Tony's guests. He jumps out of the car, all flamboyant, expansive gestures, a daredevil grin as he throws the car keys at the valet and offers Steve his arm. Steve is a full head taller than him, but he takes it nonetheless, curling his hand around Tony's bicep and pasting a vapid smile on his face. Phil's right - he's probably going to hate tonight, but... He won't hate spending it at Tony's side.
"Go for it. Can't hurt."
"Something you could benefit from hearing more often, Sir," Jarvis says evenly.
This therapy stuff isn't half as bad as Steve thought it would be.
"Actually, I was wondering if I could arrange another playdate with your car," he says as casually as he can. "Assuming it survived the fireball that happened to your life."
my pants are negotiable
Sam looks him up and down, raising an eyebrow.
"Look at you, fucking
i can throw in sm cash if u lk
no i did not
"I was told your office has a marvellous view," Steve tells him, making sure to smile enticingly. Tony laughs, shaking off the last of his mood and pressing his palm to the scanner which appeared when he pressed the button for the top floor.
One day, Steve sits down at his kitchen table, and realises that his life has filled up. He knows people; he has contacts in his phone, a mass of texts, emails from his internet friends padding up his inbox. He's got people he can call and go out for coffee with, and someone he can talk to as
Tony tugs him out of the elevator by his tie. The lights on the floor are dim, and a hush presides over the space decorated in neutral tones. Steve can't really see Tony here, doubts he spends much time in his official office. He would bet half of the contents of his bank account that the place to find Tony nine times out of ten are the labs that no doubt take up ten floors or more of the building.
n i hope its not a dealbkr 4u
It's Tony's turn to pretend he found some very interesting smidgen of dust on his sleeve.
okay, that was rude, i’m sorry
starmichaeltrinion: DUDE
Phil sighs like all the woes of the world are upon him. "I could be in Columbia, chasing drug lords. Instead, I have to spend the rest of the day listening for explosions from the direction of Lower Manhattan. Why do you hate me so much, Steven?"
"Here," she says, wrapping her right hand around the base of him and guiding the head inside her. It's tight and slick, just how Steve remembers, and it makes him throw back his head and moan loud enough that he bites his lip to try and muffle it. Laeticia looks pleased as pie with his reaction, hips twisting as she lowers herself, taking more of him in. He hits some spot inside her that makes her gasp, jerking further onto him until he's all the way inside. The feel of it's incredible; sure, Steve definitely loves having a dick inside him a whole lot, but this is something he doesn't think he'd want to go without. Laeticia is panting sweetly, clenching on him before she starts to move, thighs flexing to bounce her body over Steve's. Before he knows it, it's nearly too much; he whimpers, trying to hold himself back, but knows it's not going to be long until he loses it inside her heat. He moves his right hand from her waist, spreading it over the top of her thigh so he can press his thumb to her clitoris, rubbing every time she thrusts down. The pitch of her moans changes, gets higher; her vagina grips him tight and pulses, and Steve can't keep it together any longer. He jerks up into her and lets go, coming fast and hard enough to bring him off the bed. Laeticia grinds down onto his cock and hand both, and Steve can feel the spasms of her climax drag another weak spurt out of him.
"And let me guess. You think he's too good for you, or you're not good enough for him, or whatever brand of nonsense you've gotten into your head."
," Tony drawls later, looking Steve up and down like a particularly tasty morsel. He's leaning on the side of a knock-down gorgeous silver vintage E-Type Jag that has Steve salivating. "Now, I knew you cleaned up nice already, but Sergeant, this is taking that skill to a whole 'nother level."
"No. No
Tony winks devilishly. The next second, he grabs Steve's wrist and spins him in the other direction, the two of them sprinting away like excited children, helter-skelter towards the empty deck on the other side of the party. Tony skids to a stop outside a closed set of doors to what looks like a supply cupboard; he sends Steve a conspiratorial look and throws them open to reveal—
"I did, didn't I," Tony muses. His gaze is speculative where it rests on Steve, lingering on his bare forearms and spread knees. Steve fights the urge to shift nervously, settling back into the couch instead and letting Tony look his fill. He likes the way Tony isn't shy to look, or to ask for what he wants. The silence stretches, neither of them compelled to break it, content to sip their drinks while the inning winds down.
So that's a ringing endorsement if Steve ever saw one. Star is right, however. No one might care about who he used to be any longer, but Steve is not oblivious. He knows that people could still do a lot of damage, not just to him but to SHIELD - to Phil, essentially. So if he's going to do this, he's going to have to let Phil know at least some of what's up.
"Sorry, sorry. Man, your face. All the history books make you out all 'aw shucks ma'am'. They got it so wrong."
Katya has also apparently passed on another little detail, because out of the dozen or so clients Steve gets those first few weeks, about half proceed to
Steve blinks, then shrugs. Phil's a big boy, he can handle himself. He throws Sam a look out of the corner of his eye; but he's in this now. All he's gotta do is make sure they're both of them protected.
"Thought you'd be more pissed by now," he admits.
Dear Tony,
Steve lifts an eyebrow. Tony lifts one back. A challenge then; or a test. Steve just about manages to hold back his eyeroll. Geniuses are always such drama queens. Is this how Phil feels all the time?
Star also finds out that Steve hasn't read Harry Potter, and enlists a couple of – her? His? The internet sure makes things interesting, one way or another – friends to yell at Steve that he needs to do that IMMEDIATELY. So Steve goes out and buys all seven books, the last of which apparently only came out last year. And then he promptly loses two weeks of his life curled up on the sofa making incoherent noises into his fist as his eyes dart over the page. Sonika, when she calls and asks how he is, laughs at him about it and asks if he has found The Hex Files yet. Steve says no, and can he please call her back later, Harry is about to do battle with a dragon!
Disclaimer: I am not a therapist, I don't have any psych training. I am only writing from the basis of my own experience in therapy.
Tony eyes him up and down. "I'll pay you triple to do it just as you are right now."
It didn’t take long for the entire team to move into Stark Tower. Steve was one of the first to arrive, looking for a place to stay in New York when his sad little 70 year back pay ran out. Despite the fact the bank account had many more zeroes than Steve had ever seen before, money doesn’t stretch nearly as far as it did, even for one as frugal as him.
Thor seems to struggle for words, “Your world is as alien to me as mine is to you, Steve. A hundred years is but a blink in our own timeline, and yet you humans are so powerful for the fragment of space you exist. Tony, he was not born of a god, of a king, and yet he wields his technology as confidently and powerfully as I hold faith in Mjolnir. I come from a world where what you call magic comes as natural as breathing but Tony commands the skies in his metal suit as easy as I do. Whilst I might not always be the most comfortable with the technology I come across in this world, I am impressed by it and I do not doubt they will bring Tony back.”
“Where have you been hidin’?” Steve’s Brooklyn drawl is always thick in lazy morning afters, and Tony loves the sound.
“Will you dance, dear Antonia?” the words are quiet, and Antonia looks down at the white gloved hand proferred to her before nodding and placing her own in his palm.
So that being said, when he sees the 20 foot tall monster they are fighting in Central Park raise a rebar towards Tony’s suit he doesn’t even hesitate to run interference in between. It is not a death wish,
“Not at all.” Tony murmurs, looking at Steve with heavy eyes, “you are a man full of surprises, Steve.”
In short, Antonia takes a quick moment as they settle to run her fingers through her wild hair and wish she had known she was likely to run into Miss Romanov today. Between the beauty of both her and Pepper, Antonia feels utterly inferior.
this stupid man in red, white and blue. He represents the America that could have been, that could have taken on the world and changed it for the better after Pearl Harbour. He refuses to allow the jaded and sarcastic America That Is become their legacy.
“You okay?” It’s Tony, voice evened out by the Iron Man suit (or at least that’s what Tony told him but he also told Steve District 9 was a documentary so he sometimes finds it hard to believe a word out of the man’s mouth). Nevertheless, Steve nods, advanced healing meaning he can now barely feel the hit that winded him so badly.
“Antonia. Your views on Virginia, on marriage, are best known to yourself; but as I know you love yourself a matchmaker it is fair to suppose plans you have. And as a friend, I shall just hint to you that if Hammer in the man, it will be in vain.” He continued, “If you won’t listen to reason, listen to me. Hammer will not do. Hammer is a respectable vicar of Highbury and unlikely to make an imprudent match. He may talk sentimental, but he is nothing but. He’s an opportunist and will climb the social ladder any way he can. His general way of speaking, in unreserved moments with only men present, suggest he does not mean to throw himself a way. He speaks of ladies his sisters are intimate with, who all have dowries spanning thousands of pounds. Even if he were infatuated with Virginia – which I don’t believe he is – he’s too pragmatic to throw that away.”
? Jesus) and Steve just looks down and grins so widely Tony can practically feel the warmth.
She had not been exaggerating, Steven truly danced with a grace she had not previously thought him capable of. He radiated warmth, and the comfort of his arms was both familiar and alien at the same time.
Donwell was a peculiar oddity, an estate which yawned its expanse with high ceilings and airy social rooms (for it was the second largest estate of the ton, only stepping aside for Hartfield) but yet felt unbelievably homely. Though, Antonia would admit she was perhaps biased, for she had spent many a weekend adventuring through its halls that she knew every creak of the floorboards. And she knew how ferociously Steve worked with sweat beaten into his brow to keep it. The Rogers were young money, the late grandfather a well-to-do surgeon who had bought the dilapidated estate on a whim and upon his passing left it to Sarah Rogers, rooms still broken and misused. It had been fodder for the ton to speak on for years, watching it recede into decay as Sarah faded with it, sunk under grief and illness. And it was Steve who wrestled it back through the pain of his own labour.
It’s short work for Obadiah Stone to commandeer a helicopter on behalf of Stark Enterprise. In the time spent shouting orders and barking at people down the phone whilst Rhodey talks to everyone else, Tony learns two things of importance. 1. Steve was injured, in an ambush gone wrong, but blessedly (unbelievably and enough to make Tony set up an altar at every deity's feet)
remember that tire fire?” Steve’s voice is rising now, panic setting in, hackles up.
She approaches the next words carefully, “I think –“ she speaks as though trying not to spook a skittish foal, “I think as a general rule if a woman is in any doubt as to whether to accept a man or not, she
“I know.” Steven says, because he probably does. This bond, this mark, this shared soul that lies between them is more than just inked swirls against Tony’s collarbone. It’s an extra breath of air in Tony’s lungs, it’s an extra rush of blood in Tony’s capillaries. “It’s not to be a long tour - I should be back soon. But - write to me?”
“Just doing my job Sir.” He sidesteps the actual query with ease, not sure he can lie his way through that one.
“I am sorry, to hear now, that you have misunderstood me. I know we agreed never to name him – but considering how infinitely superior he is to any other person, I did not think it possible it could mean anyone else. Clint Barton, indeed! I do not know how anyone could look upon him in the company of the other, so utterly shrouded by his brilliance. And thinking that you knew of my attachment and approved and encouraged it – I should have known it was far too great a presumption, to dare think of him. But
There was very little to remember her parents by, the marriage of Lieut. Romanov to Miss Jane Bates accompanied only by the memory of him dying in action abroad – and of his widow sinking under grief soon afterward.
“Hey sweetheart. I’m not going anywhere, I’m just going to go sleep on the couch. I’ll just be down the hall I promise.” Steve’s in the doorway, framed by the dawn filtering through the skylight. Tony has a brief moment of wondering whether he’s hallucinating an angel.
?” he repeats for emphasis, gesturing wildly to every part of Steve.
The following day brought news from Richmond which threw all of Antonia’s pensieve mediations into the background. An express arrived at the Marvels to announce the death of Mrs Coulson! Though her grandson had no particular reason to hasten back on her account, she had not lived over six hours after his return. A sudden seizure had struck her, and the great Mrs. Coulson was no more.
“Disappointing.” He says, words monotone and voice flat, before handing his progeny back to his still sweating wife. He wipes his hands on his suit trousers, and spots the nurse who stands in the corner of the room track the movement. He treats her to a grin, one that is not kind or pleasant, and she shrinks into herself even more.
Tony can’t follow Steve’s train of thought, can’t put it back on the tracks of his mind. The terror he’d felt moments ago is gone, replaced by fond confusion. He’s never seen Steve this incapable of speech. Steve loves talking, loves critical thought and heated debate. Tony will poke him with caustic words about democracy, just to watch Steve splutter and wind up and
In this state Clint Barton found her, trembling yet firm against volume and insolence. By a most fortune chance his leaving Highbury had been delayed so as to bring him to her assistance at this key moment. He had happened to have borrowed a pair of scissors the night before from Miss Hill and Miss Romanov – and he was obliged to stop at her door to go in for a few minutes, therefore later than he intended, but being on foot had meant him unseen by the whole party until he was closer. He made his presence known quickly, and them being completely frightened, was no better to watch Pepper faint clean away, leaving him no choice but to carry her to Hartfield, some distance away.
“Well, hold a moment, I can get your letter.” Miss Hill goes to stand, and Antonia is quick to stop her.
“Yes! Yes of course! Come, we – that is to say you – must write this letter at once! To delay would be discourteous and unfeeling.” Gently steering Virginia to the study, Antonia congratulates herself soundly on navigating this sticky situation with such prowess.
Now, despite the evidence to the contrary, Mrs Stark was fond of society, and society fond of her. But this was in her own way. She loved having her friends to visit, and these fell into different causes and categories. From her long residence at Hartfield (for she and Mr Stark had wedded young, and sadly he had died young too), her good nature, her fortune, her beauty, her intelligence, and her daughter, she could dictate visits of her own inner circle as much as she liked. She was not for want of company, but she did find large parties and late hours a horror – aside that of the company of Captain Steven, who fell into a category entirely unique that spared him the judgement of Maria Stark.
Steve grins, rocks back on his heels, and slowly unbuttons the shirt that’s driven Tony crazy all evening.
Antonia’s very good opinion of Clint Barton was shaken a little the following day, by hearing he was gone off to London, merely to have his hair cut. A sudden freak seemed to have seized him with no more important a view than that to have his hair cut. Certainly, there was no harm to be had in travelling sixteen miles twice over on such an errand; but there was such an air of nonsense in it which she could not approve.
“Don’t shoot.” Bucky says, apropos of nothing, raising his hands in surrender, “I’m on your side. Never had so much ammo to tease Steve with since he’s got so moonstruck over you. How ‘bout a truce - I can offer some embarrassing baby photos?” Bucky starts, mischief taking over his features in a way that makes him look unbelievably youthful and free.
not your
“So, you weren’t lying then.” Clint starts, no welcome, no hello, “no wonder you volunteered to come down to give the speech to the big guy. Must have loved getting some Boss and Secretary roleplay on.” He turns to Tony now, and by way of welcome simply says, as Clint is want to do, “Did he wear his glasses? We are always telling him how sexy he looks with the glasses on. I bet he wore the glasses.”
“Party without me? Bitches.” He smirks good-naturedly, “I still think we should go out clubbing, especially now Clint could probably bag us some girls out of pity for the cripple.”
She speaks first, “They are called chrysanthemums, or
phone on you then? I wouldn't mind giving you a ring sometime and showing you my etchings." Tony falls into flirting as quickly as breathing, and Steve swears he can feel a blush spread across his face as he scrambles to find his own phone, nearly dropping Sam's in the process.
“A Captain Rogers to see you Antonia.” Jarvis spoke from the doorway, acting the part of loyal houseservant if only for a moment.
” Tony pants from the doorway, chest bare and pajama pants barely clinging to his waist, skimming his hips with the barest hint of immodesty, “Are. Are you okay?”
“Hey T,” he cards a hand through Tony’s hair, “lets get you somewhere comfy, yeah?”
is coming as you should do, like a gentleman.”
Tony needs Steve to be okay, needs him to pull through because he can’t do it alone, not anymore. He can’t be shown this future, this perfectly idyllic future, to only have it snatched away from him. So he holds onto to Steve as fierce as the man presses into him. He finds himself clawing harder and harder to the scraps Steve will throw him, trying to stitch them whole. Tony is running himself ragged, not sleeping between recalibrating Steve’s armour to be faster, stronger, protect the man that holds his heart in his hands, and also trying to keep his lover close – there whenever the man might need him.
And god, never mind Tony coming before too long, Steve’s near humping the sheets. He can feel Tony’s arousal like a balm on his skin, can feel his heartbeat like a drum against his ribs, can hear Tony’s shaky exhalations like they are against his ear.
Instead of taking up that advice he pulls back and Steve brushes Tony’s lips in a shockingly intimate gesture before speaking. “In all seriousness though, I don’t want this to be casual. I need… I need you. I can’t do this alone.” And curse this man for always being so
Bucky goes quiet, thinking, “They could be getting… mentally laid?”
Tony clearly feels the shift in his emotions, rakes his hands through Steve’s hair gently, forcing Steve to tip his face up to look into Tony’s inquisitive eyes.
“Yes, I have practiced before it is true. Though not in a great variety of faces. I had only my family and close friends to study from. I have many of my mother – although the idea of her sitting for a picture made her laugh, so I could only draw by utter stealth and therefore they are not the greatest works I have ever created. Mr. Jarvis, over and over again – my kindest friend who would sit whenever I would ask him. Elizabeth Ross, now Banner, a few times though she was never one to sit still, always in such a hurry.” As she speaks she reaches to her reticule, skimming through the pictures that are folded in there. One in particular has her hurry over it, a picture of royal blue and freshly cut corn.
Steven laughed, a warm sound that floated across Antonia like a balm, “Oh Antonia, I wouldn’t dream of it.”
how he was going to fuck him whilst still encased in the armour when they got home.
He’s so focused on not falling apart he doesn’t tune into Tony’s words until they grow in volume and number, an incoherent babble, “Steve, Steve, Steve, oh fuck - Steve - please -“ he says it like he doesn’t even know what he’s asking for.
“A degradation?!” Steven roared now, before biting his tongue to instead utter fiercely, “For illegitimacy and intelligence to be married to a likewise intelligent and what’s more respectable farmer? Degradation for a man who has worked for his labours, born the sweat and dirt on his brow to be rewarded with his true love? By God – Antonia – I truly thought that this friendship was a very foolish intimacy. But now I see it is not unfortunate for you but for Virginia. You have built her up now, with falsehoods of her background ideas above what, unfortunately, she is able to claim to, and soon no one within her reach will be good enough for her.”
They walked amongst the eaves of the woodland for a while. Walking for some time over the gardens in a scattered, dispersed way, they insensibly followed one another to the delicious shade of an avenue of limes, which stretched out beyond the garden at an equal distance from the river. A sweet view – sweet to the eye and the mind. Antonia couldn’t help but gaze at Steven, engrossed in conversation with Mr. Marvel, so very proud of all he’d achieved with this rambling and rambunctious estate.
It is beyond anything he’d ever imagined and he could have never guessed this would have become his life when he first volunteered for Project Rebirth, but for the first time, he doesn’t think he’d go back, hit the reset button, even if he was offered it. And it is that thought which makes him turn to Tony.
“You are a bad –
At Tony’s words Steve’s brain goes silent as lust kicks into overdrive, roars forward with a sudden and all encompassing need. He fumbles for his bedside drawer, rolls his eyes fondly as Tony giggles at his clumsy pawing of the shelf until he finds what he’s looking for.
“Steve, Steve? Come back to me. You’ve disappeared. It’s not happening again, it’s just a flashback.” Steve can hear Tony’s voice like it’s coming through water, and his mind tries to wade toward it. It feels like he’s walking through motor oil, slick and hot.
It’s a miserably cold day in Boston. The rain pulls off Charles River in horizontal sheets that soak everything through the instant it makes contact. The cold is lazy today, Jarvis would like to tell Tony, the kind that cannot be bothered going around you and instead seeps through your bones instead. There is nothing that is memorable about this day, it shakes out much the same as any other. He wakes late, exhales stale breath made worse by the triple shot of espresso he inhales, and starts his morning routine, runs a toothpaste over his teeth and brush a hand through his hair as though that alone will tame it.
Here we are, back at the start again. I’m sorry. God, I’m sorry. The way you looked at me when the Lady Nakia asked me to accompany her to your meeting. It - it
Tony doesn't break eye contact as he leans in to smell it, shoulders flexing. Christ, but he's a good-looking fella. The room feels a little too warm all of a sudden.
Thursday
Without prompting, JARVIS minimises Tony's scribbles and pulls up a grid populated with stray numbers across several lines. Steve squints at it.
Fuck him so much, he's
"Thank you," Steve types quickly, making a note to swing by a pharmacy on his way to the bar. It's a gay-friendly place Sonika had told him about last week, when she suggested he join her and some of her friends for a drink. He'd had plans to call Phil, though, and give him an update on how things were going, so he'd had to pass, but he'd made a note of the name and, well, here he was.
Once the game is over, though, Steve reluctantly sets his empty bottle on the table between them and pushes to his feet.
And that's that, Steve tells himself. Time to kick this ridiculous obsession to the curb where it belongs.
starmichaeltrinion: this is AMAZING
But, "High praise indeed, coming from you," is all Tony says, winking with a wicked grin. "You must get around."
Steve laughs, nodding at the restaurant in question and quirking an eyebrow. "No, you are that. But you're also, despite yourself, a decent guy."
, his whole body seems to be winding itself tighter, as if gearing up for a fight.
"Wait," Shawn gasps, pawing over the blanket at Steve's side. He comes back with a condom, and okay, Steve has been told that he doesn't need to worry about STDs ever again in his life, but Shawn doesn't know that, and Steve is grateful for his presence of mind when Steve himself feels like his brain has leaked out of his ears. In moments, Shawn has the condom rolled down his length, and then he is pressing inside Steve's ass, and, oh.
Steve shrugs. "It certainly taught me what it's like to be the little guy, so I know to watch where I throw my weight."
"Steve, then," Steve says immediately, pleased when she sits down next to him. Tony drops into the chair on his other side, still eyeing them accusingly.
"I pretty much eat what's put in front of me," Steve admits.
She tells him a little more about the exhibit they're going to, but as used to be his habit, Steve has done a bit of research the past couple of days (the internet,
"Y-yes, sir," he manages, desperately pulling his body back from the brink, trying to think of the least sexy things he can recall; and when that doesn't work, falling back on silently reciting every line of
And before; in that nebulous time before Steve became Captain Rogers, there was the stacking of shelves, and library work whenever he could get it, and drawing for anyone who'd hire him. There was the reading of letters for elderly neighbours, and thinking up stories to write to Bucky while he was in Basic, to keep his spirits up and try to not let on how desperately Steve missed him. There were the hours Steve spent ransacking the library's law section when a smarmy bastard tried to kick out the tenants of their apartment block on some flimsy pretext in order to knock the building down and build on top of it.
It takes him a while before he realises that’s the first time Tony’s called him by his first name.
Sam won't complain forever though, and he will get a better selfie with Tony, a year later, smiling with Steve on one side and Tony on the other in matching suits, with hands wearing matching wedding bands clasped on Sam's shoulders.
“Well, I have so little confidence in my own judgement that whenever I marry, I hope somebody will choose a wife for me. Will you?” he said, turning to Antonia, rolling onto his back and placing his head nearly in her lap in a move so intimate Antonia had to rein back a blush. “I am sure I should like anybody chosen by you.”
“Mr. Hammer’s manners are not perfect,” Antonia acknowledges, “But when there is a wish to please, one ought to overlook, and one does overlook a great deal. There is such a perfect good temper and good will in Mr. Hammer as one cannot but value.”
” His tone was furious, but the anger comforted Antonia, let her bask in it as someone else she respected so much could be angry on her behalf, “Did he touch you, Antonia. Tell me now for I will call on my horse at once and demand we duel at dawn if he did.”
“Because dear heart,” Maria says softly, “Steven normally stares at you like you hung up the stars, and today he can only look anywhere
Mrs. Stark smiled, and for a moment Steven was struck by just how much of a classic beauty the woman once was, “Yes, my dear. But that might only be because of how loathe you are to let a conversation pass without mentioning her name at least once.
Steve comes back in the room at this precise moment, groans like he saw what was coming. Tony can’t mask his delight, nods like a puppet on string. The evening slowly declines into itself, and trust it to take Steve to take a day, one normally reserved for dark thoughts and bruises, and lovingly restore it into what it’s meant to be. For new found family, forged in the fire, for celebrating a bond so exciting it steals Tony’s breath out his throat.
Steve stood in front of Shield, ignoring the panic that choked his throat. What if Tony didn’t show? Yesterday’s ensuing explanation seemed to just be a show of how far Steve’s foot could end up down his throat.
“Jarvis, in what world is this safe and sound?” He growls up at the AI, tone then turning apologetic when he addresses Tony “I’m sorry, I should have warned you.”
“I need you.” Tony answers, honest and brutal, “That’s all.” And he reaches down at an awkward angle and Steve wonders what for at first before he feels Tony’s fingers against his own soulmark, touch like a brand.
“No. Not bad at all.” Tony comes round the bar, having fixed them both a drink of iced water, directing him to sit on one of the couches. Steve sinks into it, and rather than sitting elsewhere Tony sits right beside him.
"Mr. Stark," the receptionist squeaks, sweat practically dripping off him in waves of steam.
was written exclusively for you, and your heartache.” She says such words quietly, with misery apparent on her face. Antonia feels uncomfortable in the face of such a confession, partly due to admittedly never experiencing love so powerful, but also that she feels partly to blame.
and pretend to be excited for her made it hard for her to breathe at times.
“I must admit to being glad of some new company in these parts.” Interjected Mrs. Hammer with all the grace of a carthorse, “it will be good to have some young and elegant company.”
“Don’t you dare Cap, I can do this myself.” The archer attempts to pull himself upright, wincing every time he jostles his legs, and Steve watches for a few awkward minutes before he sighs and picks up Clint bridal style.
‘Tony. Come on. Come for me.” He says, and Tony whimpers, a feeble and throaty sound, “
He lays his head on Tony’s chest, and the silence continues for a moment before being broken by Tony’s laughter.
Tony isn’t sure whether Steve being here is just a mirage. He wants to reach out and see if his hand passes through Steve’s chest like he is a ghost. But he doesn’t think he could bring himself to let go if it encounters firm flesh.
“I hope Miss Romanov is alright?” she enquires, hoping to stoke the way of a return to old feelings. The effect was immediate.
“You.” Tony replies, breathless and near silent. He thumbs fingers absently over the changed mark, noting the flesh feels tender. He watches Steven track the motion with a heady sort of power, a frisson of excitement course through him that feels like being in a hot air balloon above the clouds.
Steve’s birthday falls on the 4th of July, a day full of fireworks and joy so wondrous he can’t help but get swept up in it. It’s well worn tradition that Bucky will arrive at five to eleven, slipping silently through his house careful not to disturb the hours of sleep Sarah Rogers steals from endless night shifts. They’ll grab a slice of pizza, wander Brooklyn until quarter to midnight, turning to run up the fire escape with sure and quick feet to watch the sky set alight, and Steve will rock back on his heels and pretend it’s all celebration for him.
“You’d never willingly hurt me, Steve. You’ve never even shown the slightest sign, not even in the worst of your flashbacks, that I’m in danger. I wouldn’t have let you stay if you had.” Tony says, and the honesty behind them mean so much to Steve. He needs to know Tony is safe like he needs to breathe, like the oxygen in his lungs.
Tony doesn’t know what he’s done to deserve this in a past life, but he’ll be damned if he lets it slip through his fingers.
Even clearly basking in a heavy afterglow, Tony takes enough time to fix him with an unimpressed glare. “Steve, don’t be ridiculous. Just give my brain a minute to catch up with how stupidly hot that was.”
“So how have you been Mrs. Stark?” Steve asks, having finally fallen into one of the seats beside the roaring fire. He had come immediately from their mutual connections in London, to more fanfare than usual, given the news he brought of Mr. Ross and his wife. All was well in Brunswick Square, where Mr. Ross and his wife resided, making it a happy circumstance, further animating Mrs. Stark for some time.
antonia you are so oblivious you are lucky you are pretty.
He idly wonders whether this is how Tony felt when the tables were turned, and he can feel vomit rising to the back of his throat even
“I have to confess,” Captain Rogers speaks now, voice quiet, confused, but with a thread of something that sounds almost like hope to Antonia’s ears, “I was not sure how far you were entangled. But however small your regard, he did not deserve it. Such disgraceful behavior I have not seen.”
“My dearest Antonia,” He spoke quietly, words soaked in adoration now, “for dearest you will always be. My dearest, most beloved Antonia. I have loved you for as long as I can remember, for so long it has become a part of my identity. I have tried to hide it, for I knew if I thought about you as much as my mind was want to I would be stuck doting on you, and hold you on a pedestal of such high regard it would be obvious to anyone who met me who held my affections.”
He clenches his fist once, twice, still able to feel the phantom press of Tony’s skin like a brand.
“A good match – how little you must know of Antonia to say such a thing.” Both their voices were raised now, like kindling to an open flame, “My intimate friend, marrying a farmer? It would be a degradation.”
“Are you okay?” He asks, takes Tony’s face in his hands, presses a kiss to his forehead. For a blessed moment it’s just them, Tony can close his eyes and pretend the impending doom isn’t forthcoming.
“Oh I’m sure Antonia and I can manage just fine by ourselves for now.” Steven promises, missing the smirk that idles round Maria Stark’s face.
“Apologies, Steven, I do not know what I spoke of.”
Tony thinks that sounds a lot less like
But that’s a story for another time. Right now his fingers tap the driving wheel in a nervous rhythm.
“The Crown!”
He looks round at his room, his eyes scanning a quick check. He doesn’t know why he bothers, it’s still as much of a mess as it was yesterday. The shock of blue carpet flooring can only be sighted in and amongst clothes and papers that litter the floor. His bed has taken on the form of a nest, covers undisturbed from where he snatched a few hours of sleep last night, blankets curled round him like a cloak. He doesn’t need to check his room, but it gives him the chance and routine to stroke his fingers across the photo of him and Steve that sits on the windowsill, the only item that’s regularly dusted. It’s of them, a quick photo that Peter had snapped at Boston Common, and the resolution of his phone camera doesn’t particularly stand up to being blown up to a print. The quality is a little fuzzy, but sharp enough to show off Steve’s cheekbones, and that’s enough for Tony. Tony’s in Steve’s space, standing in the eaves of Steve’s large shoulders with an obscenely wide smile, mouth open like he’s in the middle of a joke. Steve’s curled into Tony’s gravity field, eyes on Tony and nothing else. It’s not a particularly special memory or special moment, but it’s one Tony adores, one Tony had begged Peter to send him.
?” Antonia’s tone turns scathing without meaning to, the words bitter as they are spat out.
He pulls the condom off, and gets up with coltish legs, looking for the bathroom.
But it’s not the fact he was just completely floored by an extra-terrestrial beast that has him pausing whilst the battle continues around him, but the fact that in that last moment
"Being mistaken for a high end prostitute makes for a difference from a choir boy." Steve says, indulgent with a voice like caramel granting him Tony's laser like focus. Somewhere, one of the two idiot employees choke on his tongue and splutters.
“We only said to bone him, not invite him in and take him home to meet the mother. In fact, I think Nat explicitly issued a disclaimer saying NOT to take him home to meet the parents. Which you did anyway. And he told Sarah she ‘couldn’t cook for shit’” even after all this time, Clint’s voice is still murderous, “Imagine. Telling
“No, there is but one woman in the world that I could allow to invite guests as she pleased to Donwell.”
“I blame you entirely,” said he, loudly and louder still for the fact the rest of the group were silent, like their conversation was not theirs alone, “you commanded me to come. I could not resist you, I haven’t been able to since the very first day I met you.”
Mr. Hammer laughed, pushing himself back to his seat, “I have no idea what you are talking of.”
“What did Mr. Marvel tell you?” Antonia asked, aware she was practically repeating herself but utterly perplexed to how Pepper seemed so bright.
The two ladies looked over it together; and he sat smiling and talking to them the whole time, in a voice subdued but still audible to everybody.
She thought much of the perils of the journey for her visitors, as well as the fatigues of her own horses and coachman who were to bring some of the party the last half of the way; but her alarms were needless and the sixteen miles were easily accomplished. Before long Mr. and Mrs. Banner and their newborn – the whole reason for the trip in actuality – reached Hartfield in safety. Once the usual welcomes were dispersed of, Mrs. Stark quickly had the newborn safe in the cradle of her arms, smile beatific across her cheeks, and to all the world it would seem nothing else mattered. Jarvis had the fire roaring, and soon it was all that accompanied the chatter and excitement of the party, safely ensconced in Hartfield’s wonder.
“I think it worked out just fine for me.” Steve says, voice going soft towards the end as he watches the object of their conversation step into Shield. His hair is dark and slick with what Steve probably guesses is motor oil, sparkling eyes framed by dark circles, jumper (Steve’s) five times too big for him, and jeans about four holes past the trash clinging to his hips.
“ANTHONY.” He winces as he hears Howard’s voice roar, knows he must go else face the wrath of Howard Stark two scotches in. But as he stares into Steven’s eyes, he finds he’d suffer far worse fates than that if it meant finding himself here.
He stands up and looks past Tony to see Clint blocking’s the light in the doorway, phone clicking away with what Steve is sure to be clogging the teams WhatsApp feed in about two seconds. In fact, as Clint lowers his phone he thinks he can see Clint attaching every incriminating one to a message to everyone without even having to look down. If it was for anyone else but him, he’d even go as far to say that’s impressive.
“But you will come again.” Said Antonia. “This will not be your only visit here.”
She’s poor, Antonia! She once lived comfortably, but now she does not and she lives in the unfortunate knowledge that the longer she lives, the poorer she gets. She should attract your
The evening of this day was very long, and melancholy, at Hartfield. The weather added what it could of gloom. A cold stormy rain set in, nothing of July appearing across the brow of the hill, and the wind whistled through the trees and shrubs in the gardens with abandon.
“Steve, he almost died. Do not think that’s the best example you could have given.” Bucky smirks, “Want to talk about it?”
That single minded terror and confusion is all he can think of now. He can feel Bucky’s hands round his wrist, pulling him up. He can
“What is it?” Steve asks, propping his head up to look fondly at his soulmark, his intended, his love of his life. Tony’s curls are sweaty and rakish across his forehead, he’s damp with sweat, and his eyes are wild with love and laughter.
“You were speaking,” said he, gravely. She recovered her voice.
“I was thinking how at home you looked,” said he, “as though you are mistress of this house.”
“Upon my word,” Antonia vowed, “I begin to doubt my having any such talent. Can you seriously ask me Pepper, whether I imagined him attached to another woman at the very time I was – tacitly, if not openly – encouraging you to give way to your own feelings? I
“Antonia, I pray you do not make any matches; your scheming is beyond the likes of poor Highbury.” Her mother chided gently one evening.
When they arrive there are cameras absolutely everywhere. The flashes have Tony careering away from Steve. Aside from the initial encounter with Justin Steve has never been seen in public with him and he doesn’t think Steve deserves the shitstorm that would come with that particular revelation. He’s not even sure if Steve wants that kind of attention.
“Thank you.” She said quietly, humbled, when he came to stand beside her.
indeed. “And what a gentleman! It’s a wonder he hasn’t been taken up, a wonder he is still single. Such a gentleman I have not seen.”
such behavior! To look on while repeated attention were offered to another woman! No wonder she did not like me! So unlike how a man should behave! Badly done indeed!” Captain Rogers voice echoed across her thought. “And God! Mrs Smallridge too! Natasha on the point of going as governess!”
These two events are unrelated, should anyone ask. No one does.
“Cap?” a voice sounds from behind him, and he whirls round to face it. It’s Tony, standing there awkwardly watching him with what looks like fear in his eyes. Steve instantly feels a wave of guilt threaten to overwhelm him.
Whether that’s a warning or a simple goodbye, Steve’s not sure.
It’s not 14 hours later when they land on African soil. Senegal looked vibrant from the air, full of life, but Tony couldn’t think of anything but how Steve is somewhere below, alone and scared. The bond remains quiet, and Tony absently worries at the skin around his nails, doesn’t notice he’s bleeding until Sarah puts a hand over his.
He only speaks to Obie again once. It’s a quick thing, muttered words into the phones mouthpiece. It’s enough. He feels the hours march towards him, the clock ticking down to its inevitable conclusion.
Tony is sat up beside him, watching him with concern framing his eyes, “Hello darling.” He says, cautiously, “You were having a nightmare, it’s not happening again. You came to stay at my apartment tonight. Can you do me a favour sweetheart, and tell me if it’s okay for me to touch you?”
A fact proved wrong when Clint shakes his head, “Nah man, the party’s only just starting. Spirited Away or Howl’s Moving Castle?” he holds two DVDs aloft, bringing them up from goodness knows where.
Steve’s upper arm is less clear. The name
“I am forgetting that I am not acquainted with her, never seen them before. I must prevent getting myself forward.”
The room huffs a small laugh, all at once relaxing after the commotion of the disturbance. It is only Miss. Hill who looks round, confused.
It’s an arresting sight, Tony’s eyes blown wide with shock and desire, irises almost black. “Jesus” he whispers, and the word sound like a confession. He guides him gently at first, Steve taking to it like a duck to water and it isn’t long before he’s fucking his mouth with abandon. And when Steve reaches down to relieve the pressure on his own cock with a swipe. Tony swears and moves his hands faster. He lubes his hand up, and when he finally slips a finger into Tony’s dark heat the man curses and pulls Steve off his cock with a tug just this side of painful.
It’s messy, and hurried, and awkward, and
If Antonia thinks hard, she remembers Steven’s first arrival at Hartfield, under the wing of his mother. She remembers very little of Sarah Rogers, aside from being awestruck by her beauty. She had been a small woman with such delicate and pale features you wondered whether they had been carved in marble. Yet they did little to hide the humour ever present in her eyes, or the ferocious love she had for her son that came first miles before anything else.
It can’t be more than an hour or two before the door knocks again, harried and sharp.
“You kidding me? That’s a drop in the ocean for me, you should have seen what I did to the place with the first attempt at a proper Iron Man suit.” Tony joked, and leaned down to clasp Steve’s shoulder, “Come on Cap, why don’t we go get you some food.”
should go. But... I look forward to your letters, Anthony.” And the name that sounds like a curse from his fathers lips sounds like a prayer from Steven’s, as he takes Tony’s hand and presses a kiss to the inside of his wrist. It’s a dry, chapped, chaste and quick thing, yet Tony has to stifle a gasp like some old Victorian madam. Powerless to do anything but nod like a marionette doll, he goes to leave the room, taking one last look back to commit his mark to memory, before taking the stairs two at a time.
“Nonsense.” Steven chose this precise moment to speak, and the room fell quiet for it. Steven was often a man of few words in public and social settings, yet the ones he chose to utter were always spoken with grace and command, the room always gravitating to his manner, “If you want a ball, a ball you shall have. I can host at Donwell.”
he’d crow,
apparent ball.”
“Is she unwell?”
“Such a handsome letter I have never seen in all my life. He writes as though he really loved me so very much – but I don’t know. I don’t know what to do. My mind is abuzz with a vast variety of notions and I feel sick. Please instruct me, Antonia. You would never lead me astray.” Antonia felt sick herself at this news, but heady with the power it granted her. She scans the letter preferred to her, using the time to think of the best course of action. The style of the letter was far above her expectations, the composition would not disgrace a gentleman. The language, although plain in essence, was strong and and expressed warm attachment. Antonia has to sit in the closest seat available to her in the parlour for the shock of it, and Virginia throws herself into the closest chaise with excited abandon.
“Come on, Maria.” Tony says, the words bouncing off the now empty room. The movers have long been and gone, disassembling every shred of evidence that Maria and Anthony Stark were ever here. Jarvis stands, every patient sentry, behind them.
“Better with you.” Tony feels Steven’s gaze on him like a brand, skin set alight wherever Steve’s eyes land. He notes how his marks eyes darken, until there is only the faintest sliver of blue circling his pupils. It makes Tony feel
“It’s an invitation, from the Cages.” Oh, they do express themselves so very properly, she cannot help but break a grin, watching Steven’s face change to mock surprise, “they would have solicited the honor earlier, but had been waiting the arrival of a folding-screen from London, which they hoped might keep Mrs. Stark from any draught of air, and therefore induce her the more readily to attend of the honor of her company.”
This is a moment, Steve knows after, that had them stood on the brink of something. Of what, he doesn’t know. They both lean over the side, into the dark, and sway for a moment there before swinging back into relative safety.
Bruce’s eyes are kind, “Come on, you’ll be no good to us if you don’t eat. I’m surprised your stomach hasn’t put up much more of fight, any longer and they’d probably have to put you into a medically induced coma.” He says these words with no judgement, no anger, only in a tone you’d chide a child with. Steve feels guilt hit him like a two tonne truck
“I’m pleased to see you have found your way to us at last.” Antonia jests
“Uh –“ Antonia stutters, looking anywhere but him, before connecting eyes, “No. No. Nothing.”
“Steve, oh my god. Steve.” Tony’s flung himself into Steve’s open arms now, “Yes. Of course the answer’s yes.” He finishes this affirmation with a kiss, desperate and greedy and completely unashamed that he’s in the middle of labs and the supervisor who will mark his module is watching it all. He licks into Steve’s mouth with a groan, tastes the tears running down his face against his mouth, each man’s teeth hitting against the others because they can’t stop smiling.
the only thing holding bone in place, until the ambulance arrives. He instead just presses his forehead to Tony’s own, and clutches Tony’s head in his hands with a grip so hard it’s like he’s willing the serum to pass through by osmosis and he knows in that moment he’d sacrifice everything, go back to being that nothing special skinny kid from Brooklyn, if it meant he could see Tony’s dark brown eyes looking back at him.
, for some time past, for at least these last three months, cared nothing about him. You may believe me, Mrs. Marvel, I speak the truth.”
He turns toward Antonia, the three steps it takes making it feel like just her and him in the room. Maria, for all her scheming, quickly makes to look anywhere else but the pair of them.
They’ve barely left the apartment when he gets a knock at the door, one that raises to pounding when he doesn’t answer straight away.
“You wouldn’t dare.”
“I don’t know what you mean, Mr Stark.” And it should not be that hot, to hear his name spoken in choirboy tones whilst Steve’s knuckles are buried in his ass, but apparently Tony is learning something new about himself tonight whilst being thoroughly debauched by the love of his life.
She had not advanced many yards from Mrs. May’s door, when she was met by the man of the hour – Mr. Hammer himself, evidently coming towards Mrs. May’s, intent on inquiring as to the illness of Virginia, and carry some report on her state to Hartfield. Shortly after they were stumbled upon by Mr. Banner, returning from his daily visit to Donwell with a healthy and glowing face. They joined company and proceeded together. Antonia was just explaining the nature of her friend’s illness, and how she was confined to bed with a cold, a great deal of heat shrouding her and causing a throat very much inflamed. Something, apparently, Virginia had suffered with often.
Insufferable woman! Vulgar woman with her Mr. H and Rogers! With her shock that Captain Rogers should be a gentleman and to call the Marvels, who are more welcoming than most with grace to burn, brash! I have never met her equal!
His life is not one he is inordinately proud of, and he atones for the sins of his past, of his father, with a near literal pound of flesh every other day. There is a lot of things he has done he is not proud of, a lot of things that wake him in terror with his mouth open on a scream. But he knows, fiercely and deeply, that he would not change an inch if it meant losing this, losing the route of the road that led him to Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well,” said she at last, feeling Mrs. Marvel’s eyes on her all the while, “I may need a day or so to understand this. Engaged? To her? All winter? Before either of them came to Highbury?” Antonia could scarcely believe what she was saying, her mind divided between two ideas – her own former conversations with him, not least about Miss Romanov; and poor Pepper.
When they all sat down together in a cluster it was better; for Clint Barton grew talkative, making her his first object. Every distinguishing attention that could be paid, was paid to her. To amuse her, and be agreeable in her eyes, seemed all that he cared for – and Antonia was not sorry to be flattered, gave him all the friendly encouragement. It meant nothing now in the admission of her inability to see him as anything more than a friend, though she could admit in the judgement of most looking on it must have seemed like flirtation, excessive flirtation at that.
“My complexion only remains this way due to our nature’s wonderful fresh air, and I would be silly not to entreat it on such a gorgeous day as this. I hope you don’t mind me leaving you with just Antonia for company, Steven.”
Happy life or not, Antonia would admit to hosting a certain… jealousy towards Miss Romanov. Despite the nasty tongue rumours could have, the words on Miss Romanov were nothing but achingly pleasant and praise-filled. Oh how
“FUCKING WHEELCHAIRS!”
and you now actually have Tony Stark as your boyfriend and he just bought us a hot tub?” Clint’s voice pitches higher and higher with incredulity as he speaks, gracing Steve with a look he knows well. It’s the
Eyes wide, Tony reaches into the envelope and pulls out two glossy photos. His first thought is that the print of them must have cost Sarah a fortune, heavy with shimmering ink. Then he catches sight of what the photos hold, and find he can’t think much of anything anymore.
Tony laughs. Steve flashes him a look of anger and it is all Tony can do to force out the words in between the laughter bubbling out of him. “Of course I’m not embarrassed to be seen with you. How could anyone be embarrassed to be seen with you?” The laughter dies in his throat when he throws the next words out, “I just don’t want anyone else to have you.”
. He’s grown up in an era of hand-me-downs. He dressed in Bucky’s old clothes, shirt cuffs swallowing his fragile wrists, dress shoes rubbing uncomfortably at the edge of his feet. The poster of Cary Grant he had pressed to his bedroom wall he’d begged the movie theatre down the road from him for, and it was been creased so badly it nearly made Grant look cross eyed. Everything he’d grown up with was made for somebody else. Was pulled and pushed and squeezed to make fit. So when his soul carved out space on his hipbone, swathes of dark ink spilling across his skin like a balm, he was nearly overcome by relief that this was just for him. When his heart was hollowed leaving room to say
“No no, not at all. Only a little agitated. But she must see you alone. Can you come?”
“Come here.” Tony says, voice bold, and he frames it slightly firm to pierce through the sleep fog Steve still seems under. “Come get in bed, your back must be killing.”
“They certainly are a most attractive pair!”
, Antonia thought,
But right now she is upset with him, and it’s the first real emotion he’s seen from her. It saddens him that it’s not a happy one.
No second meeting had there yet been between him and Antonia. The room at Donwell was to witness it – but it would be better than a common meeting in a crowd. Mr. Marvel had been so very earnest in his entreaties for her arriving there as soon as possible, clearly not in the knowledge that she would certainly be there almost before any other to her second home. She conveyed Pepper, and they drove to Donwell in good time, the Randalls party just sufficiently behind them.
“Just told him enough of my time served that he would know I wouldn’t hesitate to protect those that I care for.” Steven answered ambiguously, and whilst Antonia had always objectively known that he cared for her, the confirmation gave her a hidden and deep thrill.
“How can you be so sure?” Steve’s voice breaks on the question, tone desperate because he
She had to struggle a moment for her breath, feel idle panic as her mother made quick ‘how do you dos’ before stating that she could see Jarvis waving at her from the bay doors, that she was clearly needed elsewhere, leaving Antonia alone with Steven and her mounting panic.
Thor has joined him by this point, lifting great lumps of rock without so much as a shake of his arms, but he doesn’t even look up to acknowledge him.
Howard’s words are aggressive, hitting Tony’s skin like bullets. He can feel Steve at the end of their tether, can feel his urgency. He thinks idly that he’s making his way to Tony, panics. This isn’t fair, they are not ready. This is his. The world gave him this, gave him Steve, told him that he’s the most important piece of his puzzle. He will lay waste to those that want to take it from him.
The finished article was something so decadently seeping in affection she showed it only to her mother, before both agreeing it was far too flattering and vowing to not show it to him “until the time was right”.
“Jane was invited to go to Ireland with the Coulsons, to visit their daughter.” Miss Hill begins.
A sleek black sedan slides up to the curb, and out bounces the man of the hour. He’s more casual now, a worn AC/DC top stretched across his frame complete with a blazer and form fitting jeans so snug Steve could bounce a quarter off his ass. His throat is suddenly dry and he coughs in an attempt to clear his lungs.
Steve walks them both back to his room, and Tony giggles against his mouth as Steve lifts him into one hand and gropes for the door handle with the other.
Tony laughs, “You offering?”
“What’s up Jarvis? And call me Steve.”
Much later, when hours have dripped by in a steady stream Tony feels Steve returning to consciousness far before his eyes flutter open. He feels the gentle stirring of the bond shift and shimmer between them, feels Steve come round with a brief flash of
His eyes, like spun gold and dark liquid amber.
“Interesting. What kind of bets?” Tony’s curious now, and Steve groans aloud.
Steve’s probably the closest to Natasha, if only because they often cross paths on the way to and from the practice room. Steve hides his bloody knuckles from her and she hides the scores of knife wounds lacing her skin from when she’s gotten too close to a flying blade. He’s not sure if the fact his first real friendship is based on pretense is a good thing, but he’ll take it anyway.
“Yeah right, who’d listen to your rants about the New York Dodgers. I swear that’s what my EBIDTA bonus was for last year.” Bruce interjects.
“Yes, but,” Maria starts, stares at her wrist fondly, “My life is already over. Yours is just at the start. He’ll not make this easy, when he knows.”
The smile following those words is all teeth, the look in the man's eyes all promise.
Tony will admit to feeling a
“Oh, we are taking two carriages, for safety. Come with us in ours, if you please.”
They giggle together in the darkness, hands in each other’s grip, minds full up of thoughts of the other, soulmarks in perfect synchronicity.
speak on the subject, there is no denying that Mr. Clint Barton may have dreamed the subject – I don’t think it could have been a dream. There was such an idea, for Mrs. Odinson mentioned it to me in passing, and the Cages knew of it. But beyond that it was quite the secret, known to only us. Mrs. Odinson was very anxious that he should have a carriage, and came to us in great spirits one morning because she believed she had prevailed. Natasha, don’t you remember that morning? But she had mentioned to us in confidence – unwilling for it to go beyond, and I have not mentioned it to a soul. I am a talker, but I do admit to not letting it beyond my lips. I’m not like Natasha, able to keep a vault of secrets, she has
“I thought I knew him, Antonia.” Says Mrs. Marvel, “This has hurt me deeply, and his father. And there is some part of his conduct we cannot excuse.”
He let go suddenly, moved around the room like a man possessed, enjoying every part of the room.
“Yes.” Tony says, and it’s like once he’s remembered he can speak he can only repeat those words, “yes yes yes.” He wraps his legs round Steve, pulls him in impossibly closer and the angle shifts, has Steve’s cock skate off Tony’s prostate before hitting it again and again and again in cycle and Tony’s moan is ripped from him before he’s coming once more across his stomach, the fluttering clench of him enough to finish Steve off also whose flying apart on top of him with a ferocious groan and hard enough to see stars behind his eyelids.
,” she says the second word mockingly, “It suggests no such thing. I am so far from understanding you that I have been in most complete error with respect to your views, till this moment. Nothing could be further from what I want. Your attachment to my friend Virginia and your pursuit of her gave me great pleasure and I wanted nothing but success for you. Am I to believe you never sought Miss Potts – you have never thought seriously of her?”
that beat a tattoo against his heart.
Steve becomes well acquainted with this feeling himself, basks in it when he is the only thing standing between Tony and Howard. He stares down the glass decanter on the table, unable to do anything but envision bringing down that heavy bottle atop Howard’s head for the things he’s done to his love.
Getting back in the car, there’s an awkward moment of silence that Steve quickly breaks.
In the flesh Steven is
“Upon my word I never heard of it until this moment.”
“They couldn’t handle the truth I was laying down” Steve says, the rest of the group shouting every word in tandem with the well-worn knowledge that only years of friendship can bring. Despite himself, he feels a grin tremble around the edge of his mouth.
“Hello bond of mine.” Tony speaks first, watches as his beloved smiles slow and easy and full of joy. He accepts the hug when it comes, steps into Steve’s arms as easy as breathing, finds the hollow of his neck like it was made for Tony’s chin. He lets it enfold him for a minute, soaks it in, before finding Steve’s mouth and covering it with his. He doesn’t care if the others have turned away, just needs this affirmation that he’s doing the right thing. Needs Steve’s arms around him and his love encompassing him to stand before him.
“I enquired as to Virginia’s health, to be told she’s
"Well, this will make for a good story at dinner parties.
Many thanks to the wonderful
Disagreement follows their friendship as easily as breathing, and Steven never risks losing her good opinion for the sake of his own beliefs, or his commentary on her actions. She both loves and loathes him for it, but she’s always reminded of his kindness toward her when she, as she is wont to do, steps out of line in a way that nearly always has him as a casualty. He does so now, gracing her with a small smile, before brushing aside the pregnant awkward pause in the conversation with aplomb.
“Steve!” Tony cuts him off, “I love you. I want you. Preferably inside me in the quickest amount of time possible. We have all night for everything else but I genuinely think I might die if you are not fucking me as soon as possible.”
“A bad thing then? Do you really find it a bad idea – why so?”
Tony grins slowly, it feeling out of place on his features after the day he’s had, but he welcomes its return all the same, “You know Bucky, I can feel this is going to be the start of a beautiful friendship.”
These old memories seep into new ones, ones of Tony smiling and offering him a cup of coffee. Of them both sitting with their heads bent together talking in whispers. Of movie nights, sharing sofas and quiet words of commentary.
“I’ll call Happy.” Tony slurs, voice heavy with sleep, and Steve shakes his head.
“It’s a bold play.” Sam agrees, “but then you have the unhealthiest relationship with acceptable risk that I’ve ever seen. So at least it wasn’t someone like Thaddeus Ross.”
"It's Steve Rogers."
“Steve,” Tony groans, voice half surprised half lust clogged, “
“I must of dreamt it – surely – but I was so sure.” He idles a moment, panicked slightly, changing the subject, “Miss Potts, you walk as though fatigued, you will be glad to be home.”
“I’m sorry. I was going to wait and surprise you when you got back to your dorm but I couldn’t wait. Don’t Ask Don’t Tell. It was repealed. And I couldn’t. I couldn’t wait. Tony, you are everything. You accepted being my other half even when half of being that included being hidden from view.” Steve stops a second, swallows, reaches into his pocket, and brings out a small box that Tony zeroes in on with a focus he’s never felt, “You keep me going, when, when I can’t breathe past the sand in my lungs and heat in the air. You are on my mind always, and I want - I want - I want. I want you to be mine, want you to call me yours. I want to shout it, want to hire a plane and put it in skywriting, want to make you happy, want to have a sickeningly domestic life that makes Sam and Bucky sick. I want everything, but only if you come with it. So.” He opens the box, and Tony stares with watering eyes onto a titanium band that gleams against the harsh lighting above, “Tony, will you marry me?”
"Client, huh?" Tony murmurs, those pretty brown eyes growing half-lidded.
Steve doesn't need to ask who it is. He doesn't think he'll be forgetting that voice in a hurry.
Tony Stark is an absolute dick, and Steve is in love with him.
"Come on," the man drawls. His voice is like liquid honey, wow. "I promise you'll have fun."
dume? like hume?
oh so you can make words
doing it for Steve. He opens his mouth, lowering it over Shawn's dick.
For as long as he can, he'll jump with both eyes open, hold on tight to the gift he's been given, and put this love firmly where it belongs - on top.
"That's what I thought," Sam says. "How invested are you exactly in watching a bunch of soldiers get slaughtered by aliens?"
"It's clear something's bothering you, Steve, and I know you won't tell me, so take the night. You'll make it up to me next time," she says, leaning in to press a kiss to his mouth before she slips inside the car waiting for her.
also? HOT. js
starmichaeltrinion: Brooklyn, come on. you're not doing anything wrong, remember? besides, if it makes you uncomfortable, don't tell them it's for money. just say you're going on a date &you'd feel better if someone knows about it in case of being murdered in a ditch or whatever.
who made Captain America a hero and a legend;
say, on saturday around 6pm?
Tony looks furious; Steve is almost worried about what might come out of his mouth when it opens. Phil preempts that.
They reach what is clearly the VIP table, and Tony pulls Steve's chair out.
Still, it does explain the always-present ache of hunger he had lived with every day between the transformation and the ice. He had thought it normal, a result of tiny rations and war-time supplies, but maybe it had been something more. He's gonna listen to the doctors on this one for now; they know more about human bodies than he does, at least when it comes to keeping them alive. So he goes out, loads a couple of carts with vegetables and meat and fish - so many types of fish! - and hands over the little piece of plastic Phil had slid over the table. The amount he knows is in his bank account is more than a little staggering. He's going to get a job soon, of course – he'd go mad doing nothing at home all day – but luckily for him, he can put that off for a while without it making a dent in his wallet. Brave new world.
in 1945. No death."
Tony, i asked you. yes. i want to see you again. and again. and probably some more after that, if you want.
aguyfrombrooklyn: :D :D :D
Steve laughs, too, turning towards her more fully. She is wearing a silvery-green silk gown that showcases her creamy skin to perfection. Coupled with her bright blue eyes and red-tinged hair, she is an absolute knockout. Steve wonders why he hasn't met her before. He goes to enough of these things.
"Nah, it's slow tonight yet. Hang around for a couple hours, then you'll see us hoppin'. What can I get you, stranger?"
Phil sighs and rubs his temple. "I need to have a word with Natasha about this before you go waving an engagement ring in her face. I like to keep my bones intact, call me old-fashioned."
"How've you been, Phil?" Steve asks, before settling back to enjoy Phil's dry, biting wit. Phil never uses names, but Steve feels like he knows more about the Tinker, and the Analyst, and the Spy, and the Soldier, and the Tailor, and the Archer, than he would be allowed to at any other time. He's still laughing at Phil's story about nerf guns and panicked chickens, when Phil nails him with one of his patented handler looks and asks about how
Steve picks it up, holding it up to his face. The scent of basil and cucumber zings over the freshness of the lime, enhanced by the juniper from the gin. Steve goes for a taste, and doesn't try to stop a low hum of approval.
it wld NOT b a hardship
not Jarvis. I know you loved him and you miss him, and so do I, but not like you do. How could I? I only knew him a little, as a friendly voice. You knew him as your friend, your child, someone you – who was important to you.
Sometime later, Sam seems to have done digesting, because he drains his beer and drops the bottle on the table in favour of rubbing both hands over his face.
Anyway. M’Baku is this huge guy with arms like Thor’s and a back that’s maybe twice the size of mine. He’s an asshole, too, but in the way that you are, so I like it. Not that we’re going to be best pals or anything – I don’t think M’Baku has friends so much as people he doesn’t completely hate. Watching him with T’Challa is fun, though, in a spectator sport kinda way. One of the Wakandan tribes raises battle rhinoceros (Battle! Rhinoceros!) and we got to RIDE THEM. I don’t think I’ve had this much fun since that time you took me flying. Furtively, I let myself think about Bucky getting better so I can show them these guys, and it’s a good thought.
Later, Tony will tell him of the silence in the city, the people who crowded in front of televisions watching the news desperately and exchanging stories of the times Steve had helped them, the globally trending #SaveSteve tags on twitter, the shaky Youtube videos of children stood crying watching the news reel in Times Square, and the frantic way the newscasters relayed any scrap of information coming their way on his condition. But right now the words remain unspoken and instead they awkwardly dance around the fact mere hours before he had a meter-long piece of metal sticking out his chest.
Tony can hold on too hard, he knows the way he rakes his nails down Steve’s back or the way he worries teeth into Steve’s shoulder can’t be anything short of painful. But he likes to leave his marks, likes to count how long they stay embedded in Steve’s skin before the serum wipes in out and makes the cells anew. He thinks Steve likes it too, the way he presses marks long since gone like a touchstone when he’s nervous.
did you say to him Steven?” Antonia implored, faint annoyance when Steven only shook his head.
“So let me get this straight. You lie to us and tell us you are banging Tony Stark -“ Clint begins, before Bruce coughs.
“He. It’s nothing.” She shrugged him off, making for the door up to her rooms.
“Don’t think I gave you much choice. ‘Yes hello handsome stranger, I know I’m supposed to be working for you but here have a panic attack off a war vet and a grilling from a group of reprobates’” Steve jokes, cause he can do black humour. He lives in black humour, Sam calls it a vaguely healthy coping mechanism they all adopt like a second skin. Here, have my problems and my PTSD wrapped up in a joke slightly bitter so you can’t do anything but laugh and keep your misdirected pity away from your eyes.
“My idea of him is that he has the power of being universally agreeable. To you, he will talk of farming or ligature; to me, of drawing or music; and so on to everybody, having that general information on all subjects which will enable him to put everyone around him at ease.”
“Oh this is certainly the place! Antonia you must promise me a dance!” Clint Barton crowed, and his exuberance rubbed off on her own countenance.
. He’s so tired he can’t see his display through the blurriness of his eyes. A stupid hit gets too close, and normally Tony would have been able to compensate and spin to throw a repulsor blast of his own, but his movements are sluggish. It feels like he’s wading through thick custard and his arms won’t keep up. He can only hear Steve’s yell of
And secretly, in her own thoughts, that she won’t admit to anyone but herself, she will be thankful to have the comforting scent of Steven Rogers around her.
Tony’s fists are clenched, knuckles white. “Cap, you can’t just throw yourself in front of every villain we face and hope one makes a hit that renders you dead!” his voice cracks on the last word, right hand flexing. Steve’s surprised at the anger, their relationship has never been the easiest – one started on angry words and old memories could never be anything but difficult – but he didn’t think his own variation of the sacrifice play warranted such an emotional reaction.
.” Howard spits, “and you will forget these fanciful notions the next time a blond airhead offers you a quick fuck.”
The drive is long, an odd mixture of tense and wonderful, discussion thick and fast spanning from political discourse to Tony’s latest invention.
It doesn’t stop his heart soaring when he sees a small envelope, slightly crushed, in his personal mailbox. He tells himself it might not be Steven. But no one writes to Tony. His name and address sprawls across the front in chicken script, slanted like the writer spelled it out in a hurry. He holds the letter close to his heart, rushes to his room, and closes the door with excitement wrapping around his lungs like a vice.
“You are going to put me to my knees, going to guide your cock down my throat, so hurried you can’t even get the rest of your clothes off.” As Steve speaks he settles in between Tony’s sprawled legs, only pausing to mouth at the crotch of Tony’s jeans, wrestling a tortured groan from his mouth. He pulls Tony’s cock out without much preamble, looks down at it with unadulterated lust. “Will you let me, Mr Stark? Will you let me suck you?”
He has been careful not to act like he's angling for something all evening, but when an hour or so later, Laeticia sends him a half-lidded look and asks if he'd like to get out of there, well, Steve isn't idiot enough to say no. They end up at Laeticia's apartment after a short taxi ride spent with Laeticia's hand wandering up and down his twitching thigh. As soon as the door is closed, Laeticia pushes him back against it, tugging him into a kiss that steals the breath from his lungs and makes his heart pound. Her mouth is hot, tastes of whiskey and cola; her tongue paints figures over his that make his jaw want to unhinge to get more of her in him. The bite over his lower lip is not so much teasing as a declaration of intent, compounded by Laeticia growling, "Jesus Christ, I want that pretty fucking mouth on me right the hell now."
Steve lets his mouth quirk. "I don't know about that. I can be any kinda girl you like, under the right circumstances."
Natalie - or Natasha, Steve supposes, and he really
, but... that would be tacky, self. >.>
Dear captain asshole,
"Maybe one day you'll introduce me," Steve says wistfully. He can't imagine a day when he'll be allowed to be who he'd been.
"I'm at SHIELD right now," Steve says. "They just want to know the motives for your people coming in. I know I'm putting you in a tough position, but… can you tell me anything?"
"Like this?" he asks, gesturing to Steve on his back, dick jutting out between his legs to point straight at the ceiling.
actually u kno what do it hes rich enough
wow tht was SMOOTH
Barton's eyes shift to Steve's, a sharp blue that feels like a laser pointer through Steve's forehead.
I’m not good at this. I care too much, and then people don’t like it and leave. So I told myself I’ll stop caring. I won’t let my feelings be used against me again. But that’s not how it works, is it? And by doing what I thought was best for me, I can see that it ended up hurting you even worse. I thought you didn’t care. But that wasn’t the problem, was it? You care, you care so much that it rips you apart, and I let it. I made sure it happened.
Phil doesn't seem inclined to be rushed. He stretches Steve thoroughly, pushing inside him with three fingers, the end of a fourth teasing around the rim, as if preparing to push inside too, and it's driving Steve
"Thank you, Agent Coulson," Steve says again, offering his hand. Coulson hesitates a mere second before taking it in a firm, strong grip. It's effortlessly reassuring, and so welcome that Steve feels the familiar burn behind his eyes when Coulson smiles at him.
"Not so much an event," Pentecost says at last. "I had a more private party in mind, in fact. Attendance list of two."
have connected the dots by now - grins at him before she ushers them inside.
This is one reason regular clients are dangerous. Steve only accepts repeats from people he is in no danger of developing feelings for other than vague fondness. Tony Stark triggers all of Steve's proximity sensors into red-tinged alarm.
lets his mind quiet while his body works hard to balance itself.
, and yeah, that's all she wrote.
Phil wastes no time clicking the lube open to coat his fingers. He starts with one, too gentle by half. Steve roll his hips to let him know that isn't going to cut it.
Another pause. "Is tonight too soon?" Pentecost asks. Now that Steve listens for it, there's a strain in his voice, running like a current under the words. He must need some stress relief pretty badly.
Attachment: washingtonpost.com/national/2016/06/08/winter-soldier-sergeant-barnes-exonerated-for-attack-on-un-hq/238faqgs94sweog8576
. He reaches over to his bedside table, clumsily pulling open the drawer and taking out a bottle of lube and a roll of condoms, dropping them on the bed in easy reach of Phil's clever hands.
"In a professional capacity," Steve explains quickly. No need for Sam to know that for Steve, it's practically the same thing.
The cocktail list Steve spots at the other end of the bar looks vast and complex. There's no way trying to pick by himself won't be a disaster; too many choices still make him freeze up and shake sometimes.
Steve shrugs. "You saw me as a mystery you wanted to solve."
also i say a lot of shit
actually he texted me already
If you’re wondering why I’m writing this in a notepad, it’s because my notebook has gone missing, and now I can’t breathe
So the evening is a success, in more ways than one. Steve had worried a little about the transfer from escort to, uh, sex therapist,
Tony, please. Please, don’t leave it like this. I care for you, more than I have admitted to anyone but myself. I want to try to make this right. I want to see if we can be friends again. I understand that there are things between us that will take a lot of talking and apologies to right. But I want to do the work. I want to try and see if we can fix this.
so when r u seeing him to get ur pants back?
It doesn’t matter.
into place.
uh hello he does??
"That's the least of what I'd want from you," he murmurs.
so lk. we have a date?
"They have identified themselves as HYDRA," Phil says, no-nonsense.
Tarren pulls back from the kiss, lips disengaging with a slick pop that Steve can't hear but definitely feels.
Tony looks at him like he's grown two heads. "Uh, yes? The numbers thing?"
Steve eats his burger and doesn't reply. He can feel Tony's eyes on him, but honestly, he doesn't know what to say. He never meant to be Tony's next fling, but maybe that's what Tony intended for them all along.
Dear Steve,
"Hey there," she replies. "What's your poison tonight?"
"So, Tony," Steve says, pointedly looking around. "Here we are in your eight-figure penthouse condo, with at least an hour to kill before you can buy me dinner. How do you propose to entertain me?"
Sam winces. "In the early fifties, there was this radio show, Captain America Saves The Day or some-such. Old-style. About you saving Ms Carter from the Nazis."
Steve turns in her arms, coming face to face with a gorgeous woman with bright purple hair caught in an untidy bunch at the back of her neck. Bangs trail to frame her round face, and her lips are painted a shade of chilli red that makes Steve unconsciously lean closer.
"Sudoku?" Steve asks, derailing the comfortable bickering he can see coming a mile off.
He can't quite look at Sam, afraid of what he's going to find on his face. If he sees pity in Sam's eyes, it's possible that he'll walk out and, yeah, never contact Sam again.
i. hate/ you. so. much. i wish they never found you. i wish you never came into my life because YOU FUCKING RUINED IT.
The door cracks open and Clint's head sticks out, blond hair streaked with sweat and what looks like ashes.
She doesn't sound like an art critic regurgitating someone else's ideas; rather, she is someone who knows her art extremely well, and even better what she likes. Steve finds that competence sexy - then again, he always has.
"Fuck me," he chants as Tony lets him up for air, as he kisses down Steve's chest, lingering over a nipple for longer than Steve ever imagined could be interesting for anyone. "Please, come on. I want your dick inside me. Don't you want your dick inside me? I'm nice and tight, I promise you."
"Stop teasing me, then," he returns, and lets out a small whine when Phil's finger pulls out, only to be joined by a second. They slide deep inside him, twisting, stretching him out, before Phil crooks them and Steve's hips come off the bed, trying to get more of that spiky, twisty pleasure.
"Barton," Phil barks, entirely ineffectual for once in his life. Barton's eyes are narrowed and pinned to Steve's face. Steve wonders what would happen if he said 'no can do'.
"Well," Phil says. In the corner of the room, Clint is doubled down on the couch, shaking with laughter. "Can't say I'm particularly shocked."
"I'm gonna go," he replies softly, but adds, "in a while," to make Shawn smile against his shoulder and settle himself more comfortably against Steve's side.
You're
? Give me a break. You're the source code, aren't you?
"Good evening, Tony. Good evening, Jarvis."
Steve blushes. He's - this is the happiest he has felt since the ice. He has this real swell guy, who thinks he's pretty swell himself, who knows exactly who he is and hasn't run away yet. He hates what he had to lose to get here, but the payoff is - yeah. Pretty damn great.
Despite himself, the first thing Steve does when he turns around is look Tony over head to toe, methodically searching out bruises and other injuries his clothes might conceal.
I - I don’t quite know what to say to you. I woke up this morning to 364 emails from you. Or, from your email address. I don’t actually know if they were written by you. But… they seem to be, Tony. The things in them - they sound familiar. And I know your digital security is top of the line - heck, it
"I made an interesting acquaintance tonight," he says, deceptively mildly. "Goes by the name of Tony Stark." He waves one hand at the laptop sitting open on his coffee table, still displaying his search results. "I guess there are still a lot of things I don't know about this century."
i’m not a pervert! i closed my eyes and turned away and everything
Steve doesn't know why, but that is what makes him blurt, "I became an escort."
"I have Agent Coulson again," Jarvis says, before he feeds the sound into the faceplate for Steve's benefit.
Steve had never understood the internet colloquialism of 'ugly laughing', but in the background of Phil's side of the conversation, that is unmistakably what someone is currently engaged in.
"Oh, it's
"Yeah, he was something," Steve agrees softly. So Phil, too, is like him. It doesn't have anything to do with him, but Steve still feels comforted to know.
"Uh, no," Steve says. Why is he so reluctant to say this? He told Phil he fucked people for money with less hassle from his brain. "Potential therapist?"
"Hi," Steve says, trying to keep up. "Steve. Good to meet you, too." He shakes the man's hand. It's a good, solid grip, which Steve expected from looking at him. His hands are a little cold, and it makes Steve have to fight down a shudder.
Okay. This is - he can do this. Even if it absolutely terrifies him to know that with just a few brief words, he can shatter something that - as expected - has come to mean the world to him in just a few oh-so-short days.
listen whr r u rn?
steve ffs of course i wanna c u again wtf
They walk slowly through the crowd while Amelia tells him about Maria Stark, and how she was a good friend of Amelia's daughter Ysabel. Tony very kindly invites them to this event every year, because it falls on Ysabel's birthday and Tony actually likes her. "That boy has a temper on him," Amelia says wisely, pointing her glass at where Tony is smiling like a jackass at some other rich white guy. "See Peterson over there? He campaigned to have Stark-produced medical equipment subjected to a bunch of unnecessary testing before it was allowed in an actual hospital. Shot down, of course, by Stark's meticulous safety protocols. You wouldn't know it, but every single person in this hall has something they want from that man, or something they're planning on maneuvering him into wanting from them."
." He springs off his chair, heading purposefully towards his entertainment center. "That ain't right. How am I supposed to give you shit if you don't know the source material? Sit back and relax, my friend, you're about to meet Vivian, a.k.a. you in female form."
"Vet?" she asks, no-nonsense and straightforward. Steve likes it a lot, even if the question makes him squirm.
"Pitch or catch," Shawn finishes for him. Steve exhales. He's going to have to remember that metaphor.
He's surprised by just how much he enjoys Tony's answering laugh, loud and spluttering like it's knocked out of him.
Once an hour ticks over, Steve admits defeat and gets up to go. He leaves a few dollars for the waiter's trouble, then strides slowly outside into the cool night air. He straightens his jacket, smirking wryly at his earlier self over the trouble he took with his attire, then turns north to make his way to the nearest metro station.
Coulson's face eases out of the deep frown; his eyes fill with something other than anger.
"I guess not," he says a few minutes later, when his hysterics have died down to a manageable level. He can feel the bitterness of his smile like a brand on his face. "It's fine, Tony. I'm not your boyfriend. You aren't accountable to me."
"Your date?" Phil prompts. He is probably trying to be helpful, but fuck, Steve doesn't need helpful right now. He needs someone to
"So how's the Soldier settling into her new role as your boss?" Steve asks, changing the topic to give them both a chance to settle themselves.
"No worries," Shawn says, leaning in again slowly, as if he wants to give Steve the chance to push him away if he wants to.
I’m leaving tomorrow, with the Lady Nakia. She is flying to the US on a mission of some kind and said she’d be happy for me to tag along.
Steve smirks and shrugs, letting Tony draw his own conclusions. His appalled face is the stuff of legend, and it has Steve snickering while Tony promises to take him to every burger joint and food truck with a good rating, "JARVIS can compile an algorithm, we are gonna do this shit right."
"I assume you don't wanna talk to me about your service," Sam says dryly.
On the other end of the line, there is silence for a long beat, along with the muffled sound of something being put down and then a noise suspiciously like Phil trying to kick someone out of the room and them not budging.
"We're good to go," he tells Sam. "Got a printer at your place?"
Steve smiles. "Whiskey it is," he says easily, earning himself a grin in return. "Tell me, do you know the host well?"
"Yes, Agent Barton?" Steve says quietly once they have stopped and Barton is eyeing the room with suspicion-edged satisfaction. "Was there something you wanted to discuss?"
"Steven!" Tony chirps without a care in the world. "So soon! I know you miss me terribly already."
Tony Stark's eyes are just as sharp as his old man's, just as filled with staggering intelligence. Steve would not at all be surprised if Stark inherited his father's brain. His gaze rakes Steve from head to toe, lingering on his hair, his face, his shoulders.
ur thinking rn i just insulted sm1 rnt u
"Already took care of the bill. Raincheck? There's a gorgeous gelateria not far from my apartment, if you fancy trying that next time you find yourself in the area." Not that he would. But if he did, well, it would be no hardship for Steve to visit Flora's place and sample whatever new flavours she's invented this time.
Steve doesn't care.
"You invent them all?" he asks, raising an eyebrow at the collection.
that has Steve laughing, groin tightening a little – because it's definitely not just women who feel that way.
I am completely and entirely at a loss. I feel paralyzed. Deer in the headlights. The car is coming and I can’t move.
He closes his eyes and sucks. He varies what little technique he has, using his tongue, watching his teeth, trying to set up a rhythm. He's so unpractised, and he knows he can't be that good, but Shawn is making these amazing
aguyfrombrooklyn: Um, maybe. Not sure I can talk to him about this kind of stuff, though. He's... kind of straight-laced.
Steve hums, looking down into Tony's teasing eyes. God, but he is going to enjoy this.
"Goddamn idiot bad guys," Tony growls, yanking his gaze away like it causes him pain and reaching into their closet to throw Steve's leather jacket at him.
"Jesus fuck," Tony grunts, eyes rolling back a little. "That's not supposed to be so hot. What've you got in those sleeves, a herd of piglets?"
isn't into abuse or torture. "No watersports. I don't like being blindfolded or gagged. Other than that, go to town." He spreads his arms, daring Pentecost to come at him.
Feeling brave, Steve says, "Hey, I'd really like to stay in touch, after. Just as friends, maybe?"
Plus, it helps with those times when he feels like his skin will split down the middle with restlessness, when he wants to
"Fuck me," Steve says. He doesn't sound like himself. His voice is low and drugged, and his eyes feel heavy yet burning, and his thighs fall open as far as they can – which is plenty far, as Yingtai can attest. He shifts his hips upwards a little, and Shawn groans and sinks another half an inch inside him, and suddenly Steve can't get enough air. "Shawn,
Steve makes his way back to the bar then, and Shawn slides him a new bottle of Smirnoff Ice along with an impressed raised eyebrow.
"I'll show you some of them later," Steve replies, chest thrumming with adrenaline and anticipation.
Steve shrugs. "Sure, yes. There are a couple of things I'd love to keep with me."
starmichaeltrinion: seriously, tho, it's ttly legit for tax purposes. maybe ask a friend to set it up for you? you know that guy who does accounts and paperwork, right?
Steve's entire body vibrates when the engines of the suit catch and they lift off the deck with a jerk.
its cute
"And me," Sam agrees, still looking ashen. "Fuck, that's a trip. ...Oh, pardon my French. Are you touchy about stuff like that?"
Steve smirks. "Had a big lunch. Figured I won't get fed at this shindig."
"OMG YES," Star and Maya type simultaneously. "THAT. Get your ass in it."
"Good evening, Sergeant Rogers," she says. She has a low, melodious voice that Steve instinctively likes. "Thank you for keeping my mother company. We should be heading in, Mom."
"Rogers, you are testing my patience," Phil growls, and then goes suspiciously quiet.
He stops for a coffee in his new neighbourhood, from the same bakery that had woken up with him this morning. A smiling Hispanic woman greets him from behind the counter, making his coffee with quick, dexterous movements and wishing him a nice day when she hands it over. Steve sips slowly, savouring the taste. Yeah, coffee has come a ways since his day.
"I'll keep that in mind," he says, arching an eyebrow.
uh, yeah
What does it say, though, that i keep seeing you everywhere? Hasn’t my body had enough of torture?
Come Wednesday, he can't settle no matter how much he berates his brain to give him a break and not treat this single date like the be-all, end-all. Sure, Tony is really, really very attractive, and he's
hahaha
Phil looks back at him calmly. "I am," he says. He's not talking about the taxes, either.
Again, even though Steve is looking for it, there isn't even an inkling of irritation, or condescension. Tony fucking Stark. Throwing a wrench into everyone's plans.
"Don't hurt yourself there," he tries, testing the water.
Steve would never admit it but, looking at Tony in that moment, he would have agreed to be just about anyone, if it would keep Tony looking at him like that: like a challenge he was keen to meet. In all of his life, Steve has felt this way exactly twice, and time has robbed him of both those people. Steve wishes he knew what he could do to hold Tony's interest, to make it stick this time. For Tony to want to stay even after he has learned all there is to know about Steve. Steve wonders if he's even capable of such a feat. (Knowing he most likely isn't does nothing to stop the wanting.)
"I'd get the suit! It would be beautiful. Make a fine cover for the weekend editions. In fact, why don't you go ahead and faint from my mere proximity so we can get right on that."
we adjourned to the closest bathroom where we exchanged pants, it was perfectly civilised and proper
. She always does. And I absolutely do NOT want to talk about it. They’re private. You’re private.
"Steve, then," Steve concedes, following suit. He winces a second later as Hammer's braying laughter reaches them from across the room. He catches Tony making a face, too.
"Actually…" Steve drawls, smirking.
. Like he belongs some place, in this moment. It feels better than anything has since he woke up.
see re: above
"If Stark has any sense, he'd put a ring on that sharpish," Amelia is saying as Steve walks away. "Did you see his tooshie?"
+ its bn a while snc i made it 2 a 2nd date
Some of that must have come across, because Tony pulls out at last and tears a condom off the roll, putting it on neatly despite his messy hands. The show of competence makes Steve's gut tighten and pulse, achingly empty.
You are ALL the WORST. EVER. This isn’t over!
For a long second, Steve freezes, before forcing his shoulders to drop. She's just an ordinary lady doing her job. The war is long over, soldier, remember?
Steve laughs, blushing again. It feels amazing, walking through night-time New York with someone's hand held in his, just staying in the moment, anticipation of more touching bubbling away happily in his stomach. He feels – a
"So tell me," Sam says, spreading his hands.
Then he sees one particular face that makes him stop short and nearly gasp in surprise before he catches himself. Phil's expression is like a disgruntled thundercloud, glowering in their direction. He looks phenomenal as always, classy in a black tailored suit that makes him look tall and dangerous, and makes Steve smile. But it's the person on his arm who is more striking even than Phil. Dressed in suit pants, purple shirt, and black leather jacket, he stares around the room curiously, one hand placed possessively on Phil's bicep in much the same position as Steve's own – except Steve wonders if the man – Barton, he has to be – even knows it.
Yeah. Hanging out with Tony Stark will be no hardship at all.
Halfway through episode six, he gives in and dials Phil.
my cards r on the table
Steve surreptitiously takes a deep breath, steeling himself. He can do this. He's been to these kinds of events with Sonika before. He knows his stuff. No one is going to look at him and label him an impostor.
also they’re no use to you, how many times did you have to roll up the legs? four? five?
"A most definite pleasure to meet you," Tony Stark says, offering Steve his hand. He doesn't know who Steve is. Of course he doesn't; why should he? Howard might have never spoken of him, for all Steve knew. And even if he had, there is no reason at all to assume that he'd be here, seventy years out of his own timeline.
"It's like he doesn't know me or something," Tony complains as they both roll out of bed. "I mean, I would hate to think I've become predictable, but come on!"
"So, language kink?" she asks, amused.
It's not a happy thought.
It hurts. No two ways about it. It hurts, but then the head of Shawn's dick pops past the rim, and it still hurts, but Steve is mindless with the need to get all of Shawn inside him right this second.
They browse together in slightly stilted silence until Steve picks up a candle to sniff and finds Tony watching him avidly, something warm in his eyes.
esp if he had prof k
Steve watches the way his fingers flex into the table, like he could have typed the problem away if only he'd known. He shakes his head.
"Mmm," Shawn says. When Steve darts him a look, he's licking his lips and watching Steve's torso. "Yeah. I'm all about the throwing."
On Tuesday, Steve shows up at Bouley early, partly out оf nerves, partly because if he spent one more minute at home winding himself up about tonight, he might be tempted to call the whole thing off. He is already compromised, spends far too long second-guessing himself about his reactions to Tony, how they might give away how invested he is. Though, if he wants to stop seeing Tony, letting him guess that Steve is in too deep might be exactly the thing to drive him away. And yet, the thought of it has Steve's stomach clenching and his mouth drying out. He is in so much trouble.
blive wat u like not lk i can stop u
"Hi," Steve responds once Sam has paid. "Sorry. Steve Rogers."
….no?
That Tony would hear 'Captain America', and look at Steve, and Steve will see confusion in his face, because those two things can't possibly coexist.
Well now. This is interesting. Had a request for a meeting from one of the people at the gala last night. Normally i’d pass these requests on to Pepper for sorting, but this one says she’s from Wakanda. I mean. Their king wasn’t too pleased with me last time i saw him but. It’s worth it just to see if they have any more vibranium hidden around somewhere. Right?
"I'm flattered," Steve says, then shuts his mouth. He doesn't know how to ask; more to the point, he isn't particularly interested in hearing the answer.
"Why won't you let me suck you off?" he rasps, pulling back to swallow the lake of saliva his mouth is producing. Shit, he wants that so bad. He looks at Tony from under his lashes, well aware what that look usually nets him. "I'm good at it. I'd make it so good for you, Tony."
The bar's light fixtures give it a golden amber sheen, welcoming and enhancing the upscale mood. It's Thursday evening, which Steve picked deliberately because weathering a Friday night in a place like this seems like advanced mechanics. Maybe with some practice, it will feel less daunting. The place is pretty full despite the weeknight, mostly with businesswomen in skyscraper heels and hair unwoven from the tight buns they favour during the day. It's nice. Steve likes the atmosphere, likes these decisive, driven ladies. They remind him of Peggy, and how good it felt, to have her in his corner, at his back, pushing him on and taking the lead when he couldn't seem to find his way. Steve despises the 'strong women' classification men appear compelled to utilize these days. All women are strong, and no man should ever even consider a woman being anything but.
"Not at all," Phil says with a smile, indicating the pile of paperwork spread out over the coffee table like he hadn't even noticed the time. Steve shakes his head ruefully. Paperwork used to be the bane of his existence – and that was back in the 1940s, when there were at least three times fewer forms to fill. There were only so many times he could requisition yet another kettle before the brass started asking what happened to the old one
Okay. okay. Calm down, soldier. Even if anyone found it, they won’t know what the letters were, or who I was writing them to. They’d think it was gibberish. It’s fine. It’s all fine. No one cares. I used to think that was awful once - that no one cared about me - but I realise now that it’s a blessing. No one cares, no one is going to make a big deal out of something they don’t know was mine specifically. And without my name and notoriety attached, those writings are meaningless. The only one they matter to is me.
The awkward moment lingers and festers a moment, before Steve reaches forward for the iced water pitcher instead, pours him and Tony a glass, and pushes one towards the smaller man. He looks up at Steve, lips pursed in gratitude, and takes it with a murmur of thanks.
Antonia’s mind ran wild, as it was wont to do, on hearing this. For of course a walk was good for the constitution was good, but in the rain? Early morning? Full of happiness?
Steven stood up as she entered the drawing room, eyes raking over her form and frowning when he noticed her tremble. He stepped forward into her space, and instead of flinching as she did when Mr. Hammer did the same thing, she welcomed it.
His first line of offense is defense, is protecting what is his or he’ll die trying.
“That’s true,” she cried – “so true. Little Harriet, grow up a better woman than your aunt. Be infinitely cleverer and not half so conceited.” Her voice drops an octave, “I cannot claim to be sorry that Virginia took my advice. I only want to know that Mr. Rhodes is not so very, very bitterly disappointed.”
It’s not Pepper at the door.
He showers and peppers his skin in quick kisses, featherlight, and crawls up Tony’s body slowly and self-assured. His cock hangs heavy and thick between them, and when it brushes against Tony’s they both moan in sweet tandem at the feeling.
Some laughed, and answered good humouredly. Miss Hill said a great deal, Mrs Hammer ruffled at the idea that Miss Stark controlled the day and not her. Captain Rogers answer was the most distinct.
“What a fortnight this has been!” he continued, “everyday more delightful than the one before, making me unfit to bear another place.”
“BILLIONAIRE AND SUPER-SOLDIER: A MATCH MADE IN HEAVEN… OR HELL?”
of the others, or in tranquil observation alone of the beautiful views beneath her.
Even to Steve's untrained eye, though, Phil seems to have too much of it. He looks tired, too, worn thin with worry. Steve wishes Phil could talk about it; that Steve could at least help him carry the burden. But that's not the way SHIELD operates – a lesson Steve learned all too well.
"It's not bragging if it's the truth," Tony says reasonably. Steve can see the corner of his mouth twitching. It's incredibly endearing, how Tony treats JARVIS the same way he does everyone else – or, at least, the people he likes. Of which group, Steve somehow appears to be a member. He'd be a liar if he said he didn’t like it, probably much more than is safe.
"I'm done," Shawn murmurs in his ear. His breath stirs the fine hairs at Steve's temple; Steve finds himself leaning into the touch without conscious thought. "You still wanna go someplace with me?"
Tony turns and brings him a glass of first-class bourbon, going by the scent rising from the beautiful caramel liquid. "Good to know," he says. He isn't looking at Steve's eyes – seems in fact rather focused on Steve's mouth. Steve brings the glass to his lips and takes a slow sip, eyes on Tony's face all the while, so he doesn't miss the quick dart of Tony's tongue over his lower lip.
Steve laughs, delighted. Tony built himself an AI that sasses him back. Of course he did.
"Wait. Wait wait wait. No no no no no. Your name is Steve Rogers, and you were born in 1918. Dude.
YOU JUST FUCKING STOOD THERE YOU ASSHOLE LIKE WHAT THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSED TO DO WITH THAT HUH
"So hey, wanna read me in on what's going on?" Tony says conversationally.
"How best to paintball the living shit outta this crowd," Clint replies promptly.
He goes to that week's life drawing class. It's set up in a beautiful old building, the kind that Steve used to walk around in awe when he was a kid. The studio is on the ground floor, full of light and the smell of paint and faint laughter as he makes his way inside. People are sitting in a wide circle around a plinth, easels upright and propping up pristine canvases waiting for the artists' touch. The hum of conversation falters for a moment and then resumes; Steve feels eyes on him that he isn't sure he likes, but he has had a couple of years to get used to being stared at (never mind that the idea of getting used to the attention is laughable). He walks to the far side of the room, where there are still empty spaces in the circle, and picks up an easel, turning to set it down in the spot he had chosen.
"Some of those dates won't be with women," Steve says carefully.
"How much do you like this shirt?" he asks conversationally, thumbing at the fine cotton. It's a pleasing, sparkling white. It must be brand new.
He makes his way back to Katya's side, feeling like the centre of his back is being dissected as he moves. It sets his skin crawling with awareness, but Katya wants to dance, so Steve lets muscle memory take over and swings her gently around the dance floor. She notices his distraction, but says nothing, and makes their excuses shortly afterwards, putting Steve into a taxi and sending him home despite his protests that this wasn't what she had specified for the evening.
"Hi," someone says at his side, and Steve turns back to see a slight young man in his space, leaning back against the bar and looking at him with hooded eyes. The man's light hair falls in bangs over his forehead; he is dressed in a tight black shirt that says "Eye Candy" in hot pink sparkles across his chest. His jeans are
"Sirs, you have an urgent call from Agent Coulson," Jarvis says.
Steve could make a crack about Tony learning humility at last, but his heart isn't in it and it shows. Tony doesn't say more, either, just stands there watching him quietly. It makes awareness prickle all over Steve's body, the hairs on his arms rising in response to the intensity of the moment. People who think they know Tony would be amazed that he is capable of holding still for so long, narrowing his focus to just one person - but Steve has had a year's worth of experience showing that the public and private faces of people don't always intersect. The easy acceptance in every line of Tony's body is astounding, thoroughly unexpected and all the more precious for it. Steve had prepared himself for the worst - he'd thought there'd be a lot more yelling, for a start - but he can be nothing but grateful that someone up there thought he deserved a break at last.
“Well then, now that I’ve seen you are firmly acquainted with Steve’s tongue, you better meet the troops. Dinner, tomorrow, at SHIELD.” Clint says in a tone that brooks no argument, “you better bring your A game.”
“Tony,” Steve says, “Tony, Tony.” And Tony’s name, that has so often felt like a curse, sounds like music from Steve’s lips, only stopping to capture Tony’s mouth in his. Steve kisses like he’s drowning, like he’ll die from it but he can’t stop to care. Tony kisses like he’s making a vow, like he promises this is all he’ll need forever is Steve’s lips on his and his lover underneath him. They meet in the middle in a cacophony of desperation and want and their soulmarks cry
“On whose business?” she asks, loudly, as Miss. May whispers beside her.
“How good it is that we think alike about our godchildren. As to men and women, our opinions are sometimes very different; but with regard to these children, I observe we never disagree.”
Not that she would mention this to anyone other than herself. His reputation had been unspoiled so far, perhaps a little bit due to her heavy handed compliments to his betterment, but the only person the wiser was Jarvis – and he wouldn’t tell anyone.
famous names of celebrity lore. It mainly focuses around their biggest job yet as a company.
If Antonia truly thinks about herself, she thinks she probably only remembers little of Sarah Rogers simply because Steven had eclipsed her in every way.
“Me! Impossible!”
With every image of Tony, a word accompanies it.
“I can’t just bulldoze into your life. You don’t know me, you don’t know how
“I – I don’t know what I’m doing.” Steve cries out to stop him, words echoing back to a conversation less than sixteen hours before. Tony turns back, smiles slowly at the look Steve soaks him with.
(If only they’d been Namor tech, that man had been hounding him so recklessly it would have been believable)
that Tony’s feeding him underneath it, enough to nearly make his eyes roll back in his head with the sensation of it. He gets one quick flicker of determination from Tony before his love pushes the oversized sweatshirt off his shoulders fully, lets it fall loudly in the heavy silence. He’s only wearing a baggy pair of sweatpants underneath that hang low on his hips, exposing a happy trail that Steve wants to lean forward and
Which he’s a little disappointed about, if he’s honest, he was looking forward to a stiff drink that he’d actually feel and a welcome platter upstairs.
Antonia looks past him to where Mr. Hammer stands, smiling awkwardly, waiting.
“Miss Stark it is a pleasure to see you again, how have you been in my absence?” Pepper smiles and takes an awkward perch on one of the parlour seats.
Or indeed, as the night wore on, it seemed they were not to talk at all. No matter which way the conversation turned, Steven would not engage Antonia in anything more than the most basic of pleasantries, such as passing the salt at dinner or asking how much ham she required when carving the plate. The lack of chatter between the two rankled Antonia, and according to the questioning glances spared to her from her mother, the quiet did not go unnoticed. A party without the two of them bickering and joking was fairly awkward, no matter how they attempted to encourage chatter amongst the others. She had hoped they might now become friends again. She thought it was time to make up.
you are laid down upon the bed, and I am sure you are ill enough.”
“Come now ladies, supper is over. Time to start dancing!” Mr Marvel crows from the center of the room to the delight of everyone.
Steve’s vaulting over rubble and debris without even thinking twice, shouting and swearing down the comm for medical. He doesn’t even care if the other monsters have submitted, doesn’t have anything else in his sight but the dust falling in front of him and his heart sings
Steve laughs, and holds onto the warmth curling in the pit of his stomach when he notices a new calendar event in his phone's diary.
She could admit, away from a place that Steve would crow in victory at such admission, that he had indeed been right on her matchmaking efforts.
“I don’t know.” Steve answers, “Can you be good for me in this one?” And he’s not prepared for the way Tony’s eyes go dark, the way he gasps soft and low, the way he feels the echo of Tony’s lust twist against his sternum.
" voice turning into a high pitched whine.
“It does not matter the
“The Coulson’s have always been so very kind to me and treated me with love and generosity.” Miss. Romanov is a woman of few words, to be sure, normally the type of person Antonia - who Steven liked to joke had a word count she needed to get out every day else perish from lack of attention - would run a mile from. But there was something calming about her presence. And you felt as though every word she spoke had been weighed and measured before tumbling from her mouth.
He’s lost like that for a while, not sure how long, before a knock sounds at his door, he’d recognize that metallic ring, clear and pure, anywhere.
“I won’t. I promise.” The smile he forces feels hollow on his lips, and from the look he gets he doesn’t think Natasha believes him. He doesn’t believe himself, considering the fact the fight is still on permanent replay in his mind, and he can’t even bare to imagine Natasha being crushed in his place. He’s the super soldier and half of him wonders whether making the sacrifice over and over again will eventually force him to feel something.
as I came – madness in such weather! Absolute madness!” he was sharp, brittle in his tone, the usual gentlemanly nature struck from him for the heat.
It’s an out of body experience, his first kiss with Tony Stark (and look, we say his
He lost her for a moment to her thoughts, her eyes glassy, Jarvis bit back a laugh, “Yes.” She agreed, quietly, “If he took someone at all, it would have to be a woman able to challenge his … pigheadedness!”
) face blanched at Steven’s presence, watching him gulp and make his stumbled greetings whilst bowing low enough to kiss Antonia’s shoes.
“Well, thanks for having me.” Tony says anyway, and his tone is odd, hollow.
The feedback is
This really couldn’t get any worse.
“I shall wear a large bonnet, and bring one of my little baskets hanging on my arm,” she spoke quick to Antonia as they walked through the market, having snared Antonia in her sights earlier that morning, “Here, probably this basket with a pink ribbon. We are to walk around Rogers gardens, and gather strawberries ourselves, and sit under trees. Rather simple it seems, but that fits Highbury surely.”
The welcomes were quiet, subdued on both sides. She asked after their mutual friends; they were all well. He neither looked nor spoke cheerfully; and the first possible cause for it, suggested by her fears, was that perhaps he had been communicating his plans for Pepper to his friends, and was pained in the manner which they had been received.
They stand in each other’s space for a time, stretch the minutes out like warm toffee, each unwilling to take a step back. It’s like all the time Tony’s spent as a me is secondary, has merely been preparation for the new age of being a we. He finds himself utterly reluctant to part with it even a second earlier than he has to.
Later, much later, when Howard is nothing but a stain on his memory, he sits between his lovers knees, head in his soulmark’s lap, and thinks back to his sixteen year old self. He thinks he can almost smell the pizza grease, can feel the anxiety of his teenage self roll across his back.
Human nature is so well disposed to those who are in interesting situations, that a young person, who either marries or dies, is sure of being kindly spoken of.
She was just as determined when tomorrow came, and went early, that nothing might prevent her visit. It was not unlikely, she thought to herself, that she might see Captain Rogers on her way, and if she altered her route to Highbury in order to try get a glimpse of those broad shoulders, it was between her and the gifts she carried for Miss Hill. However, whilst her eyes did not leave Donwell’s long shadow, she did not see him once. She tried not to let the disappointment eat at her.
“And so I made my way to Miss Hill to assure her that the carriage would be at her service before it took us home, for I thought it would make her comfortable. And whilst she was as grateful as possible, to be sure, she impressed upon me that there was no occasion to trouble us – for Captain. Rogers carriage had brought them before coming to you at Highbury, and was to take them home again before it’s return. Such a very kind attention – and so thoughtful and attentive. The sort of thing few men would think of.”
“Anyway. I am surprised to find you in today.” Steven continues.
“If I find him conversable, I shall be glad of his acquaintance, but if he is only a chattering idiot, he will not occupy much of my time or thoughts.”
“Pepper did you leave something…” he starts.
.” Tony all but spits, and Obie just grins. Obie’s speciality is pain points, is reaching into a company and discovering where they need SI, or where SI can crush them. It makes sense it extends to people. Tony’s helpless against the rising nausea in his stomach.
“Yeah yeah, Nat would just be jealous that you were trying to seduce me by showing off your strength.” Clint joked, and Steve spluttered.
. Which Tony definitely wasn't against. Especially since just before Von Doom had showed up they had been at an awards night. Steve instead stands in his shadow looking ridiculously delectable in an outfit Tony
“So why is it so important that painting is hung somewhere with protection?” Tony queries, and launches a conversation that sprawls the next hours with abandon. Steve should be worried, he thinks later, about how easy it is. How quick he feels at home with someone so beyond his reach. At the time though, all he can think is how bright Tony shines, away from the cameras. He’s like a supernova, a light close to blinding, but one you don’t dare look away from for fear of missing it.
Can’t this bucket of bolts go any
“Tony meet Bucky. Bucky, this is Tony. Play nice.” Steve drops a kiss on Tony’s forehead, heads to what Tony assumes is the kitchen and Tony pretends not to miss him fiercely when he leaves the room. He’s not done a very good job of hiding it, he thinks, when he spots Bucky watching him with a knowing look.
“Please, Steve.” Tony’s demand is broken open with want, and Steve captures his breath with his mouth, bears down with a hand framing his cheek, thumb pulling at his bottom lip. He leans back and watches Tony take his thumb into his mouth, mouth at it and suck. It’s dirty and lust punches Steve in the gut, makes his arousal roar back to life with a moan.
trilogy and struggling to contain all these emotions it's making him feel. He wishes, more than anything, that he had someone he could talk to about the way Balthamos and Baruch's story reaches inside his chest and squeezes his breath away; about the fantastic new worlds Mr Pullman has created, and about how, as he reaches closer and closer to the end of
Dear Steve,
Phil barks a surprised laugh, leaning back into his chair. Steve is pleased to notice that his shoulders are much less stiff than when Steve walked through the door.
A few hours later, Steve rolls off Katya and stretches contentedly in her bed, skin thrumming with pleasure, dick almost sore from how many times Katya had brought him off, demanding he fuck her again and again. Non-existent refractory period – 1, Steve's stamina – 0. He needs to get more cardio into his workout routine, he muses as he tries to catch his breath. This won't do at all.
"Shit, you
Steve rolls his eyes. "Glad to hear it. I'm not fucking you, either. For one thing, Phil can and will make me wish they hadn't dug me out of the ice."
I know things are rarely black and white. I know you know that even better than I do. But we can meet in the middle. I’d like that. We’ve been good at understanding each other most of the time. It’s just in this particular case that we got muddled up by our egos and scary emotions and ended up profoundly misunderstanding one another, and then we were too stubborn to admit to it. I know you say I’m stubborn, but have you met you?
"Holy mother," Laeticia breathes, gaze on his dick. It twitches under the attention, a drop of liquid squeezing out of his slit. "I can't believe how pretty that cock is. You're just too perfect to be true, babe."
"Sure. Should I mail you back my address, or should I just not bother?" Steve asks wryly, flicking a glance at the still-glowing screen.
Tony stares at him for a long moment, and Steve tries to look innocent and guileless while internally berating himself for slipping up. But it does get Tony rhapsodising about street food in LA, and honestly, Steve could probably listen to him read the phone book at this point and be content. Also - food. Twenty-first century food is one of the great joys of Steve's new life.
"Oh, give it up," Pepper says to him, leaning across Steve. She smells wonderful, like vanilla musk cut with something warm and spicy. "Jealousy does not become you."
His words dry out on a gasp when Steve's hands close on the material and
On second thought, Steve does have an afternoon to waste.
Steve blinks, looking up at him for the first time since the flash had assaulted his peripheral vision. "Really?"
He shakes for real this time, knees buckling, and only the fact that he's pinned on Pentecost's dick keeps him from crashing to the floor. His arms give out, too, and he falls until his face is mashed in the seat cushions. He drags desperate gulps of air into his lungs, dick feeling sore from coming so much, for what feels like an hour straight. Pentecost pulls out carefully, but Steve still grunts when the flared head catches on the sore rim of his ass. He lies there for another few seconds before rousing himself enough to ask shakily, "Is it okay if I, I just need a moment." It's different when he does this with a guy; women almost always like to lie there touching for a little while after they come, but with men, it's anyone's guess whether cuddling is on the cards at all, or if they just want him to leave while they're still coming down.
Not that it makes one blind bit of difference.
"I'm glad he has you," Steve volunteers, folding his hands behind his back.
in bldg 2c rite?
"Minimal. Agents Triplett and Mackenzie are with Director Fury, they're handling the entry points. Listen, Coulson." She pauses, making a face. "Ward is one of the hostiles."
By this point I have accepted the fact that I am never sending you these. What I haven’t seem to have accepted is to stop writing them at all. They crowd in my head, clamour over each other, a cat’s cradle of thoughts and things I want to say to you. If I try to stop, the ache in my chest makes me feel like I’m losing a lung. So writing it is, even if no one will ever see these but me.
"So that's the big secret, huh. You really are that old fossil."
"Steve, please. Dare I hope you have an event you're looking for a date for?"
"Escort, yeah. Highly-paid hooker. That's me. Still think I'm coping?"
Tony gives him a look Steve isn't familiar with him enough to interpret, before raising his eyebrows and looking around.
"God, Laeticia," Steve manages. His voice is low and shot to hell, but she doesn't seem to mind; on the contrary, it makes her sway closer and lick into his mouth, nails digging into his shoulders just hard enough to make his dick twitch.
I’m sitting here watching the sun rise on Manhattan. I’m so tired my eyes feel sandpapered. I can’t remember the last time i slept. Frankly i thought i was over this bullshit when they took out the arc reactor. Didn’t think i’d need to worry about panic attacks anymore. And i’m not having one, not really. The nightmares stay, though. I can’t get Ultron’s red eyes out of my head. He was everything i had wanted, worked to achieve, but he came out so wrong. SO wrong. I don’t understand. Every night, i ask myself, what happened, Tony? Mister “i am the future”? You can take the financing out of the the weapons manufacturer but you can’t take the weapons out of his blood. What if i am only good for building destruction? Did you see that in me, were the echoes of me in him too grating? Is that why you left?
Dear Tony,
He knows, theoretically, that they make a striking couple, but it still takes him by surprise to catch their reflection in one of the glass doors - both tall, his blond hair a contrast to her dark, shining twisted braid, her hand wrapped possessively around his arm. It makes him feel good, to be necessary in some way to her. It also gives him permission to touch - not inappropriately, of course not, but a hand at the small of her back, her elbow, letting her take point and following happily where she leads.
Today I got a call from Natasha. I’m not sure she’ll be allowed to come here, but it might be time for me to get out of T’Challa’s hair for a while. Not that he’s even hinted at it, but I feel strange, staying with him and not contributing anything. I have never enjoyed the idea of living on charity, but I didn’t want to leave Bucky. But Shuri said she is nowhere near ready for me to see him, and I can’t just live here, taking advantage. It’s time to go.
"Or a genius. He's a nice boy. Ysabel is very fond of him. I just hate to see him being picked at like this. Oh! Hello, dear. Sergeant Rogers has very kindly been keeping me company."
beats tf out of me
Once again, Steve stills, searching Tony's face for any inkling of something ugly that would spoil the favourable impression. And again, it's just not there. Tony's teasing him, sure, but it's all in good humour, honest and welcoming Steve to join in.
"Getting yourself nearly killed does tend to try people's patience," Steve agrees solicitously.
Steve – 1, ice – 0.
The bedroom is very neat, and the bed is plain but serviceable. Truthfully, Steve much prefers sleeping on a frame that doesn't shock him with the touch of cold metal in the middle of the night, when he sprawls out with one arm shoved under his pillow. The bed is made up with much-washed linens, and there is even a pillow that comes with the apartment. There's definitely a shopping trip in Steve's near future, but for tonight it will do very nicely.
The door clicks open a moment later. Old habits die hard, so it takes Steve less than ten seconds to find the tiny camera trained on the step where he stands. He grins at it and ducks inside, opting to take the stairs up to the fifth floor even though it jars the plug. His skin prickles nicely, both from the physical exertion and the slow twist of anticipation slithering seductively down his spine. Three more landings until he gets Pentecost's dick inside him. Two.
i had fun too :)
, and it's too much for him to make sense of, so he places it gently aside, accepting it for what it is, and trying not to dwell on the myriad might-have-beens threatening around every corner. It is what it is.
"God," he grunts a few minutes later. "I think I'm dead."
Tony's face does something Steve doesn't look at too hard. Maybe he should've stuck to the lie. But... He wasn't lying when he said he didn't want Tony to walk away.
Steve may be yelling again. He's not admitting to anything.
"Thank you, it's kind of you to offer," he says, non-committal. Yingtai's mouth twists, but she nods, patting his shoulder and stepping back.
Tony looks like he wants to ask more questions, but Steve looks away and picks up another candle to distract him. It's not that he doesn't want to talk about Peggy, but - it's still hard, and he's a little worried that his emotional turmoil will leak through if he tries. He brings the candle he picked up to Tony's face.
i was not expecting that frm u mr sasspants
RENDERED'. It's for more than twice the amount they agreed on. Steve has his fingers on the keyboard, about to send a strongly worded message to his erstwhile client, when his email pings again.
Coulson shakes his head, blue eyes wide and upset.
I hate you. I hate that i miss you.
"Has it started?"
of course you don’t. you don’t - you never ever cared about me, but i let myself think - i lied to myself because i wanted it so bad. but it was never about me, was it. you just needed a fucking guide or something to keep you current. an interpreter is all i was to you.
After getting flattened, I had a shower scalding enough to take off a layer or skin. It was
Tony shrugs, finishing an equation with a flourish and tossing the stylus away. "It's all math, isn't it? I spoke fluent math when I was three years old. This is just Sudoku for geniuses."
Steve sighs, rubbing the back of his neck. "Nah. It's nothing. Sorry for being weird. I think Yingtai's been trying to hook us up for a while now."
M’Baku and T’Challa nearly killed each other, but since they were smugly trying to one-up each other’s death-defying stunts after the fact, I don’t think they’re gonna hold a grudge.
It's funny, how it's those words that have Steve's insides resonating like a tuning fork. Okay, sure, Tony is an arrogant bastard in the best Stark tradition, cocky and irreverent and more than a bit of an ass; but there is a core of authenticity inside him that blazes through if people just pay enough notice. Steve doesn't know if Tony's always been like this, or if the advent of Iron Man changed him, but this man Steve knows he can call a friend if he wanted to.
"Oh?" Phil says, folding his hands together on top of the table and arching one eyebrow.
not sure how much daylight im gonna b cing netime sn so
"Certainly, sirs," JARVIS, acknowledges. "And may I say it is a pleasure to see you again, Sergeant Rogers?"
...And he should really lay off the innuendo, unless Tony is amenable to be dragged to the bathroom in the middle of his own event just because Steve can't keep his hands to himself. He's a professional, damn it. There will be no debauching on these premises.
"One, don't call me 'kid'. And two, I assume it's something suitably flashy and high-tech."
Steve flushes, breathing a little hard. He'd been holding his breath for a while there, but it had been worth it, with how hard Laeticia had come on his mouth.
Phil's lashes tickle his throat as Phil rolls his eyes.
Steve laughs too, delighting in how easy this is, how comfortable he feels lying here with Phil in his arms. Maybe he has been avoiding this kind of companionship so long for nothing.
"Well," he says. "I guess I'm home." He might as well start as he means to go on.
Steve slants an eye at the still glowing phone and lifts an eyebrow.
ok NOT CUTE
," Tony gasps, swaying closer.
Tony rolls his eyes. "I kinda wanna call bullshit, you look squirrely. "
"You're welcome," he whispers, and doesn't try to stop Steve from drawing him into another kiss - this one of comfort given and received.
"Yeah," Steve muses to the soothing quiet of his apartment. "That went swimmingly."
"Trying something new," he admits. "Been out of the country for a while. Trying to get back into the groove of things."
why tf did he need ur pants anyway
"About an hour ago. Why is traffic still a bitch at nine pm? I need to start leaving the suit on stand-by at the airport."
"Oops," Phil says. "Gotta go."
no like dummy
focus
Steve flushes and shakes his head. "Thank you, ma'am, but it's not that good, not really."
Life away from the SHIELD compound seems to have its own rhythm. Steve gets up way too early still, runs a minimum of twenty miles, gets breakfast to go, showers, and eats it as he looks over the news on his computer. It leaves him angry and unsettled, especially all the reports on the fighting in the Middle East, suicide bombers taking out a school, a police station, a city market. These times seem so much more violent, and he has lived through a world war. He knows what he's talking about.
Phil's lips thin. "Damn it," he mutters. In the corner behind him, Clint winces. "I suppose you're enjoying that," he throws behind his shoulder as he turns.
"It's really not a problem for me," Steve says slowly. The bartender lights up.
"I got
Steve fucks her again before he leaves, grinding deep and tight inside her, pushing into that spot that makes her, if not scream, then produce some vehement yelling and cursing. She kisses him slowly and thoroughly before letting him climb out of her bed.
"Liar," Tony argues cheerfully. "I know you worry, mother hen. And I'm fine. Super-fine, in fact, as always. Say, what are you doing this weekend?"
. And surely, if the other person knows not to expect anything from him beyond the night, he can let himself have this. Lose himself in another person's body, just for a little while escape the memory of everything he misses like breathing.
"Pal, I got you. If it's a cholesterol bomb you want, a cholesterol bomb you shall get."
"Well, this isn't good," Tony agrees. "Suggestions?"
Steve misses Ysabel's answer in the buzz of the crowd, but he's still laughing a little when he spies Tony talking to Phil in a quieter corner of the lobby. For the first time that evening, Tony seems like himself. As if with Phil, he doesn't have to pretend. It's a nice thought, even if it brings Steve short that he apparently knows what Tony looks like when he isn't hiding behind his public mask.
"You're here with
He leans back into the sofa and looks up at Phil. In a way, it's a relief to have a focus for his roiling thoughts. "What about it?" he asks.
Jonah asks him a little bit about himself, and Steve tells him he just moved here, is trying to get settled in, and leaves it at that. Jonah doesn't push, which is nice, because Steve still isn't sure how much he wants to say about himself to people he just met. The noise rises a little just then, and Steve turns to find a stunningly beautiful red-headed woman climbing the steps to the plinth, clad in a navy terry-cloth robe, feet bare.
The door to the apartment snicks open as soon as Steve steps down the corridor towards it. Pentecost stands framed in the gap, down to his uniform pants and shirtsleeves. Steve licks his lips at the thick, muscled forearms showed off by the sleeves rolled up to Pentecost's elbows.
"What am I, a jungle gym?" Tony whines, but closes the faceplate and lifts off, flying them gently along the seam of the building and around to where Clint directs him.
"Then we should get you into bed."
"Steve," Steve says, shaking it. It's warm, and grips his tightly before letting go.
"I'm clean, if that's what you're wondering about," she says, fast and blunt like she wants to get it over with.
Tony grins sharply enough that Steve has a hunch plenty of people get cut on that smile, egos punctured with surgical precision.
how often I've gone to sleep with stories of you filling my head?"
Oh, that asshole. Steve is going to
Steve lifts his head to stare at Phil incredulously. "I'm not taking your money. If anything, I should be paying you. This wasn't about what you needed at all."
Steve turns, careful not to dislodge Shawn's hand. From up close, Shawn looks a little different, body taut and compact but thick with muscle across the chest, hips trim below a solid core. There is a hint of apprehension in his eyes, as if he expects Steve to change his mind, now that they're on the edge of action.
"Hey, wanna watch some TV?" Laeticia asks, open and unselfconscious. It's a pretty great end of the evening, and Steve tells her so.
"Thanks," he says sincerely. "This is great."
Goddamn it, what is
He laughs until he actually does cry, tears rolling down his cheeks even as he hiccups from amusement. It's just, his life right now. His life
" it says.
thats. cool. yeah. lets do it.
wat can i do 4 u
i dont knw abt this
when r u seeing him again
The fractured thoughts and feelings chase their tails inside Steve's head, making cold sweat prickle down his back and his heartbeat spike. But it all comes down to this small fact - he trusts Tony. He trusted him when Tony was just a potential client, and when he was something Steve didn't think he'd be allowed to have, and when Tony smashed all his expectations to pieces and wanted him anyway. He has to trust that Tony has thought this through; that Tony wants him enough to understand and accept this part of him, too. And yes, it's scary as hell, but also Steve has no choice. He has to do this. He has to stop waiting for the other shoe to drop, because it hurts, and he's tired, and he doesn't want to do it anymore. He needs to know he can be enough.
Sam is squinting at him.
"Damn," he says, once he's gotten himself (mostly) under control. He sprawls back on the sofa, waving a languid hand at Sam. "Okay, Doc, lay it on me. What's wrong with me?"
In which the other shoe finally drops, and Steve finds that sometimes taking the risk is the only possible choice.
"You're always welcome to throw bling at me, baby, you know what I like," Clint winks at him sleazily.
. Sometimes, Steve isn't sure he can deal with himself in his head, let alone anyone else he'd be paid to fawn over.
"Well," Steve says, staring at Natalie's face. "I probably should've seen this coming."
Steve twitches an eyebrow at her mischievous grin, but shakes his head regretfully. "Allergic to most commercial inks," he says, an innocuous lie he'd thought up in class when one of his fellow artists had asked.
"Yeah, nope, that's not what's gonna happen," Sam interrupts, a steely note in his voice. "I know your type, Rogers. You've talked yourself into it now, but give you a little time and your feet'll freeze solid, and I'll never hear from you again."
Tony rolls his eyes, but he's fighting a grin. "You military types are a hazard to my health," he declares, stuffing several fries smothered in ketchup in his mouth. His eyes twinkle when they catch Steve's, like he knows that Steve is calling him a giant hypocrite in his head and is inviting him to share the joke. He is a very strange man, but the truth is, Steve can't remember the last time he was so entertained, and so… intrigued. Damn Starks and their everything.
"Uh, either, I guess. But, if that's okay, I think I'd like to catch tonight."
But you can be SO stubborn sometimes. Why couldn’t you listen to me? Why couldn’t you trust me? Don’t you understand what government oversight stands for? I can’t, I’m done taking orders that I can’t condone. I have been a weapon to be pointed at the “enemy” and let loose. So has Bucky, and look how that ended. If only you could see how much he tortures himself over what he’s done, what he was made to do. Do you think he WANTED to kill your parents?? Do you think ANYONE would WANT that? If you could talk to him, if you could hear his side, Christ, Tony, you two would get on so well.
Tony nods earnestly. "Yes, I think so. You see, it's this shirt. The fabric is really stiff, and it, it itches! Yes, and the colour washes me out, it's just terrible all round." Pause. "I don't like it at all."
"Yeah, Phil, my
-------
He isn't aware of how much time passes before Shawn stops, all the way inside him, his hips pressed to Steve's ass. Steve isn't even sure how he feels; his body is like a foreign entity, like he's anchored inside yet floating out of it. Shawn is stroking over his sides, long, soothing swipes as he kisses Steve's neck.
It's Steve's turn to stand there gaping, dick going from half-hard to fully interested. Shawn breaks his gaze and checks his watch, before groaning.
"Thanks for dinner. Gonna have to go on an extra-long run tomorrow to burn all this stuff off."
"Do we know what to expect? Double agents? Foreign power spies?"
"Oh, same," he says. His voice is a little rough, like him, and also so full of mischief that it makes Steve grin back.
"No," Pentecost growls when Steve's insides start clenching again, a hint of how close he is to coming a second time. One of Pentecost's huge hands grabs the base of Steve's dick and squeezes, holding him trapped. "The first time was a fluke, I didn't know how hot for it you are, but you're not coming again before I say you can, soldier. Understand?"
. "I thought you'd never ask," he beams, springing off the chair and starting to fiddle with the buttons of his shirt. Then he stills, looking at Steve from under his lashes.
"What isn't?" Sam grumbles, then sighs. "Okay, no, real talk - nothing's wrong with you. Not a damn thing. You've gone through staggering levels of trauma. It's perfectly normal to feel unmoored and disconnected and inadequate. I would be amazed if you didn't. Truthfully? I'd be
"Shall we?" Katya asks, and Steve smiles in agreement.
"We're not happy about that either," Natasha says, crossing her arms next to the other female agent. "We suspected it might be those guys. That's why we sent you away, Cap. Didn't want them to get their hands on you."
Tony shakes his head. "This isn't about that. You don't owe me anything. Uh, the sex thing. Was it - did you need money that badly?"
Tony makes an interested noise. "Nice. Wanna bump into me there on Saturday around one?"
"Ooh, good thinking! There's one at the end of the corridor on the floor above. We can scout the sitch there too. Hey, d'you mind if I - are those handholds? Neat!"
"Of that I have no doubt," Tony tells him, cheeks flushed and something unguarded in his face. He gestures towards the low cluster of seats in the middle of the living space as he sprawls along one end of it, watching expectantly as Steve lowers himself into a spot at the other corner. It's comfortable to the point of hedonism, the material hugging his body and cushioning him into a position Steve could relax in for hours.
"I wish I'd met your mother," comes tumbling out of his mouth, shattering the mellow mood. He stares at Tony wide-eyed and horrified at himself. It's one thing to wonder how Maria must have tempered Howard's rough edges, and quite another to blurt that to her son, whom Steve barely knows and has no right to question. He watches as Tony's face arranges itself into an unreadable contraction, yet his eyes remain surprisingly clear.
second of all mb consider breathing
"I like him," he declares.
"I suppose we both have famous progenitors," Steve returns mildly. "Captain Rogers was my grandfather."
Steve grins. "Bring it," he says, and enjoys the way she laughs, half-challenge, half-exhilaration, zero judgement that he isn't ready to bare his soul to a stranger.
"Seriously, why is everyone giving me tax advice all of a sudden?" Steve huffs, lifting another glass of champagne off a passing waiter's tray. He might as well, and this stuff doesn't taste half-bad. "I've been doing this for a year already."
"Steve. Really? Out of all those people,
"Bring the suit," Phil says before the call disconnects.
"It wasn't for no reason, it was because you liked them. Also, I was trying to remember the last time I'd been out with someone who didn't expect me to pick up the check. Also, the Dodgers suck and that's a fact. Also, we should go."
Steve ducks his head to hide from one of the most knowing looks he's ever been on the receiving end of. Is he really so easy to read?
"Tea," Tony mouths to himself, then shrugs. "Sure. Why not."
"Ah," Sam says. His eyes sharpen, taking Steve in again much more thoroughly this time round.
Dear Tony,
Steve shrugs. "I lied. You're gonna have to feed me, because I'm starving." He wants to play the old man card, but... Tony doesn't know about that. Might never find out, all in all.
how much you cost, it's just good manners. But you can tell me. And while you're at it, let me know what you charge for a full night's service, will you? Escorting me to an event, that kind of thing, because baby, who wouldn't want candy like you on their arm to make everybody around them disgustingly jealous?"
Something inside him, some part of his core that had been so tightly wound for so, so long, slowly unspools under the heat and taste of her skin. She is beautiful, and she holds him so tight, and when her hand slips lower and grabs a handful of his ass, Steve can't help moaning and jolting towards her, wanting to press her to something and then press himself to her.
"I told you there were things you didn't know about me," he starts, surprised at how rough his voice sounds. "I'm ready to talk about them now. Will you sign?"
cool cool cool
"You're so fucking perfect," Tony murmurs, his thumb tracing the tears away from the edge of Steve's eye. "So beautiful, Sergeant. So good for me."
"Maybe at the beginning. But the more I found out about you, the more I wanted to know. Steve, even if never expected you to be some larger than life icon, I always knew there was more to you than met the eye."
"I guess our reservation expired, huh. Shame, I was looking forward to David's cooking. What did you have? The duck is spectacular."
JESUS
Steve looks at him, makes himself take a moment to really think through his answer, rather than jump in head-first like he always does. …Oh, who is he kidding? The man's a Stark; and besides, Phil likes him.
"Look at you," Phil says, one hand stroking down Steve's side and over his stomach. He sounds dazed.
let’s just forget it, i’m sorry i asked
Sam's eyes bulge out. It's hilarious. "An-"
Steve's heart trips over itself, slamming into his chest and nearly deafening him with the rush of blood to the head.
Thank you to my girl Somebody Owens for the read-through and editing notes. Everything good about this chapter is (as with many other things) down to her. <3
"Hah. I'd hardly call him that. He's just... I like him."
the line. I don’t know how I should react. I don’t know what to do, Tony.
"You'll get there," Jonah says confidently before passing on towards Steve's neighbour, a tall woman in her sixties with a helmet of chin-length grey hair.
ohhhh ok i buy it
Clint climbs on Tony's back; Steve tries to smother a laugh at Tony's expression.
news! Name and social security number?"
Dear Steve,
I kind of want to tag this chapter with
JAMES BUCHANAN BARNES
"Then I'd better put on my fancy underpants."
"Can you run a check on someone for me?"
Steve blinks slowly, parsing through Sam's tone. "Who'd you lose?" he asks gently, because no one learns to talk about grief like that who doesn't have a personal investment.
