I didn’t go through with my plan, obviously, and everyday life continued. For some reason “he” would talk less and less and but he would always just look at me as if he was confused about who I was. I was getting more and more afraid. I was afraid that I was forgetting him. Maybe why he talked less is because I was forgetting his tone or forgetting how he sounded when he would rattle off his brilliant deductions. Maybe he was thinner because I was forgetting what his body actually looked like, maybe he was more pale because I was forgetting his beautiful cream colored skin. All I could do is hold on to him as tightly as I could. I would hold on to every memory I had ever had with him. With every minute of my time I was rewriting every one of our adventures over and over again just to make sure I didn’t forget any of the details.
I haven’t told my therapist yet about him. That I can see him every time I open my eyes. I don’t really remember the first time it happened, the first time he appeared. I don’t think it came as a shock. I had probably forgotten that he was even gone, like I so often still do. Now I’m just used to him always being by my side. I think the first time I noticed he wasn’t real was when he had made a rude, snide comment about his headstone. It had clicked that no one had ever really been alive to comment on their own headstone. I haven’t mentioned it to her yet because I’m afraid of losing him. How silly, I’m absolutely terrified of losing the hallucination of my dead best friend.
As I shifted to get up, I took a deep sharp inhalation through my teeth that resounded through the silence around me. There was no denying that I was in immense pain but it was all worth it because John was safe and I would see him soon. It hit me that London was my next stop and that John would be there. I was finally going to be reunited with my dear friend John Watson and I couldn’t be more ecstatic.
The look on his face stopped me in my tracks. His eyes looked like he was begging me for something, like he had just been handed the thing he wants most in the word but he’s asking what he should be do with it. Like he’s asking “Why me? Why are you giving this to me?”  Most of all he looks hurt and confused. His breaths are now coming in short little bursts like he’s forgotten somehow how to breathe. The question that passes his lips is barely audible but somehow louder than Mrs. Hudsons scream had been. It’s the question that changes everything and makes my stomach drop to my knees and makes my heart skip a beat. “You can see him too?”
Now I was in what can only be described as a dungeon. My hands were tied above my head and my face and upper body was smushed against a freezing and damp brick wall. My knees were becoming red from kneeling on the freezing concrete underneath me. I was shirtless and I could feel blood dripping down my back. Although I knew they were asking questions every time they came in wielding another torture tool,   I was so far deep in my mind palace I didn’t even register If they were speaking English. It was more difficult when their only woman took her turn. She was very talented with a knife. Every time she came in to add new marks to my already, most likely, unrecognizable back, she would lean down and whisper soothing yet condescending words into my ear with every new gash she produced. By this point I didn’t think I was going to make it out alive. I didn’t think I would ever get to see John again. My dear sweet John.  My soft and obliviously gorgeous John.
It’s been one year and 10 months since he died and I am still afraid of losing him. I only talk to Sherlock when I’m alone, of course. I wouldn’t want anyone to think I was loony and put me on meds that would take him away from me.  I only ever see him in our home anyway, in Baker Street. That’s why I haven’t left here. I can face all of the painful memories if I can pretend that he’s still alive. That he’s still here.
I had pictured so many times what his reaction would be like once he found out I was alive. I have replayed it over and over in my mind. It was the only thing that kept me sane.  At first he’ll be surprised and maybe a bit confused but then he will be so happy to see me he won’t have time to be angry that I was gone for two years and he’ll utter under his breath how brilliant I am and all will be the same again. Me and my blogger, side by side, against the world.  But what if he isn’t happy? What if he’ll be mad that I lied to him? or worse, what if he’s forgotten all about me? These thoughts continue to churn in my head until Mycroft reappears to notify me that we have, in fact, arrived in London. I hear a soft pitter patter on the top of the jets metal roof. Of course I already knew what weather to expect upon landing.
Chapter 3
Just as I was about to resign to the fact that I would have to find a new hobby or pick back up cocaine, the door flew open and in spilled Lestrade looking for the life of him like he was lost in a forest and had just escaped, with a very confused Mrs. Hudson in tow.   John jumped to his feet, his laptop crashing to the floor, making a very cringe worthy crack sound as it made impact. “What the bloody hell are you all doing barging into my home unannounced?” His question was left unanswered.
I will always remember the sound of him hitting the pavement. The sound of his skull cracking open, although for all I know, I may have imagined it. Maybe it stuck out to me because I didn’t hear a sound, and I should have, especially for the amount of blood Sherlock had running down his beautiful pale face. Every time I closed my eyes I would hear that sharp crack like a whip hitting concrete. I’m haunted by that sound, and now it seems I’m being haunted by Sherlock himself.
Just when I thought it was over and I was slowly losing consciousness due to lack of nourishment and blood loss, I heard the sound of gunfire and saw a bright light as the chamber door was cracked open. I saw the emblem for the British military and knew my brother had found me. My last thought before I passed out was of the color of Johns bright blue eyes.
So turns out there was an error in my plan because Gary Lestrade, confusingly enough, kept ignoring my texts and when he didn’t he was telling me to piss off. He even had the audacity to ask who I was and why I would pull such a joke, even though he knows I’m not the kind of person to take pleasures in such things as “jokes”.
One day I decided to ask him why he was always writing lately and he replied in a sad voice that he was “making sure he never forgot”. Did that mean he was planning on leaving and that he didn’t want to forget our adventures after he was gone? Possibly he really was angry with me and he was just waiting so he could move out and leave me behind. Perhaps I was boring him and I was doing the opposite of what I should have been doing. Either way I needed time to plan out my next move.
I was prepared to get on my knees and beg for his forgiveness and I was ready to face whatever punishment he thought necessary. What he said surprised me more than anything he ever could have. All he said was “You’re back” as if I had only just came back from a quick jaunt around the city, not like I had just been dead for two years. All my voice allowed me was a soft “yes”. I was sure that if I would have tried to say anything else, my voice would have failed me. John passed me to enter the kitchen, most likely to put away his bottles of liquor, and that was it. Everything was back to normal, or almost back to normal.
I remember when the things I worried about most were coming home from the clinic to a bag of fresh toes in the fridge, and the undeniable rejection I felt when I was left at a crime scene by the one and only Consulting detective.  Although I had other worries such as my denial towards even uttering the word gay, other than to refute the idea that I even may be, and the very confusing pining I was doing for my flatmate and friend, a friend that “doesn’t have friends” and is “married to his work”, I never would have left. I don’t think I would have even had the ability to leave, but now he’s left me.  Now when I think back on these problems, all I can do is wish to be back in that simpler time. A time where I could stare at Sherlock and hear his voice, a time where he’s not hurt, a time where I still had the chance to tell him that I loved him… No,  that I was in love with him.
The shackles on my wrists dug into my skin and I winced. I went so far deep into hiding that even Mycroft had lost me. I’m guessing he lost my coordinates somewhere between Serbia and Bulgaria. I’ve now somehow made my way up to Hungary after infiltrating one of Moriarty’s nests in Serbia. I thought I was safe here because I had no knowledge of Hungary even being one of the “hot” spots but I was wrong. I was only here a day when I was captured and stuffed in a car by two burly men in black suits with earpieces in, god how the cliché bores me.
"What?"
he reminded himself. He was nothing to John at that moment, but just a burden of a time.
Just for a day, that's all Sherlock asks for. If the discussion with Mary turns catastrophic, then at least let him have one day to call John Watson as his own.
"I love you, that's why,"
“That night… That night I was very angry with you, of course, because you had me thinking for two years that my best… friend, was dead and it turns out later that you are alive and of all the days you could have made your appearance, you chose the most special night of my life,” he presses his forehead in frustration.
"Not saving Sherlock, that's for sure,"
"Because you tend to go out with a lot of people and I wanted a chance?"
"Why bother going out on a date with a girl who had nothing better to do than talk about her expensive house and the Labrador she had for Christmas, plus her subtle snort every now and then. Not really someone you'd stick with for more than two weeks," Sherlock muttered from the kitchen table while examining a sample which research would be crucial for a case he had gotten from a client recently.
“You,” John answered simulatineously with Sherlock’s question of ‘who’, which left him wide-eyed, still disbelieving what was happening in front of his two eyes. John had looked away almost immediately after indicating the receiving end of the confession was indeed Sherlock himself, as if in shame. It shouldn’t be. He put his hands on the sides of John’s face and force him to make eye contact. In the midst of John’s confusion, he managed to deduce the honesty in him.
Upon arrival, Mrs. Hudson had fussed about his presence, thanking him because she was worried about Sherlock. The door was locked, and he hadn't been making as much noise that day. Of course, being the man he was, he tried to reassure her that maybe Sherlock was just sleeping the effects of the drugs off. Maybe he decided to stop taking it and was just working through the withdrawal with the easiest solution on hand—sleep.
“Mrs. Hudson! Rosie!” they immediately hugged Sherlock when they saw the red-rimmed eyes illuminated only by the light of the ambulance and no longer the light of his thrilling persona.
“Sor-”
“Sherlock, believe me that you were someone important to me and you still are. You changed my life completely, from the moment I step foot in London after the horrors of Afghanistan. You were there for me, for the worse or for the better,” signs of sympathy. He hated it, because you wouldn’t know if it were sincere or not.
"But it's still yours," he hissed back before walking straight in front of the glass wall separating them two, directly opposite of Mycroft. "
“Why would I? Go on, then,” he clarified. John could only look at Sherlock apologetically, because if this confession goes to shit, so will their friendship. Maybe this was people meant by the pain of crushing on someone; it could literally crush you. ‘Well, it’s now or never, I suppose’ he thought.
"Then you're going to love what comes next," he stood up to grab some lube and condom from the nightstand before climbing back up to the bed.
, then?"
"Well, you can ask me but you know that I know as much as you do about this,"
“Shut up, Sherlock! Do not ever say stupid things again, because that’s my role. You never ruined anything. From the bottom of my heart, I was genuinely happy you came back, although that night I didn’t really show that,” Sherlock could only look bewildered at first before giving John a tight smile. Why would Sherlock believe him if all he ever did was hurt him back?
labelled him as a machine anyway. He's not supposed to be human. Crying was almost the same as drugs, though. It's a relieve but it also hurts. It's a different kind of high-an empty feeling instead of a drug-addled euphoria.
The last thing Sherlock expected to see looking at him from the cab window was John, but it was his partner, Mary. John didn't even took a second glance. Was he really that repulsed by him? He pulled his hand away from his nose, assuming it's not bleeding anymore before he walked opposite to where the cab drove off to. Probably should just sniff in the night air and think about everything. From what and how John responded to his return, it made him think if coming back to London was a mistake. If Mycroft saving him after the last thread of Moriarty's network was a mistake. Mycroft did warn him that it's possible for John to not welcome him back, and as much as he hated to admit his brother's preminition was right, he was, in every way, right. If John, the person he focused on coming back for amongst everyone else, the man who
"Apparently so. He had flashes from when we would be running around London together. And he told me that he missed me. This is just... Too much for my brain right now,"
"Prove what? That I am your brother? Do you want a list of all the things that you had done when you were little that pissed me off? If so, you will have to wait for a while because frankly, even a file can't fit all the lists," he sneered back. His mind was now a mess, with two contradicting tales mixed up in his mind. Slamming his fist on the thick glass, he raised his voice that was unintentionally filled with agony and hurt.
“John… What was the last thing you remember?”
"Mary suggested I come by and check up on you. She realized I was worried how you were doing and frankly, she's just as worried," Mary was a fine woman. Sherlock doesn't hate her. He's just jealous of her for being able to get John but
"Okay, good. That's it? I'm sure that's just it. Bye bye" he blurted out and his desperation to end the conversation just peeking through every crack of his breaking facade. Oh dear, the sight of him was saddening. He was desperately holding himself together, it's a matter of time before he broke down on the ground without no one else to glue him back together.
“Sherl- what happened?” Rosie was giddy and happy, she was practically jumping around and calling out ‘daddy’ out of excitement, but every bit of joy and thrill simply fade away along with the last words of John’s next question.
can't. He managed a weak smile as he looked at the tremors in his hand.
. "What were your flashes about?"
"I don't know. But just hear me out, will you? You were gone, and Mary was there for me at my lowest. Everyone helped me moved on, and she was the best thing to ever happened to me," at this point Sherlock just scoffed and about to turned back to his bedroom, feeling like his ears might bleed from hearing all of these. How come Sherlock, even on his lowest point, could still hold onto the feelings for John, strived to come back to him, but John can't? Did he really think Sherlock had it any easier? Every mission, every location, he wished it'd be his last with a bullet through his heart but no. He had John in his mind and struggled to survive.
“I-I’m sorry for being such a selfish prick. I didn’t know that part of your story, nor even cared to acknowledge it,” he let his sight drop to the floor in shame.
Rosie was static, and so was Sherlock. They were looking at each other in confusion while Mrs. Hudson who just recently woke up from her nap approached them, eager to share the joy which was now nonexistent.
," Sherlock could only cover his whole face with his hand in all bashfulness.
He knew he got the permission from Sherlock earlier, so he didn't need any double checks before he pulled Sherlock up and pushed him to the wall, and continued marking all over the man's sturdy and thin frame. Now
. Try asking Mycroft and see if he would tell you,” she closed the door and John was starting to grow concerned for Sherlock. They didn’t even leave the street when John dialed Mycroft’s number in his phone and tried to reach him. He eventually picked up after a few rings.
In the cab, though, he was revising in his head of what he should say. He didn't know how bad Sherlock had taken his words last night, but given what he knew of Sherlock, that man wouldn't take any of that too seriously. He doesn't really work like a human, honestly. It's all about work for him, and about being smart and right. Quite repetitive but that's how it is. After what seemed like ages, the cab eventually stopped in front of the godforsaken flat, eeriely familiar. He tipped the driver before stepping out, standing awkwardly outside the well-known front door. He felt like a hesitant client. Should he go back? This felt wrong but he owe Sherlock a proper apology and they should have a proper talk if he lets him to. A few moments passed of him debating with himself in his head, his hand fiddles on the key of the flat. Thank god Mrs. Hudson insisted him to keep the key, or else he'd look like an idiot knocking on the door and possibly not getting a reply.
"What do you want? Say it, Sherlock," he asked while his hand was still efficiently pleasing both of them. Sherlock grabs his face for a sloppy kiss before forming an answer, impatient to go further.
could offer was a sigh. Does this have anything to do with him? Because he sure does feel guilty. Mrs. Hudson sat him down and offered to make tea for the man. Probably talk over a few things over tea.
"How about you, though? How is everything?"
“WITH HONOUR? But she still died! So now I’m left a widower with a chil-”
If he'd let Sherlock just run away now, he wouldn't know when else he'd see the man. He wouldn't know when else he could make it up to him anymore. If he'd run out to find Sherlock now, Rosie would be left unattended, so he tried ringing his phone but it was unsurprisingly a fruitless attempt. He ran to the door, in hope to at least see a silhouette of Sherlock. His dark hair and clothes had made it easier to spot him in the white of snow.
flat was left ajar very much carelessly. Sherlock isn't one to appreciate the lack of privacy so he always keep the door completely shut, almost at all times.
"You may be a handful, Sherlock. But you're never, ever, a bother to me, okay? You're still an important piece of my life. I wont just let you slip away dealing with your personal problems by yourself," he gave a small smile which Sherlock responded with a smile of his own. When he saw Sherlock was struggling to find words to reply to this, he slowly pulled Sherlock up, cautious to not irritate his skin, and softly hug him close, trying to reassure him of what he said. Sherlock hid his face in the crook of John's neck and tugged on the back of John's shirt, scared to let go as if doing so would make John disappear. He can't tell John why he was crying. John was already in a happy domestic environment and Sherlock was happy for them. But he supposed, this was at least a good start to repairing what had broke from the night of the wedding.
"I've been in love, with you," and he still does. He had to phrase and say it carefully, as if it would affect the response he'll get. People would think John would stop, take a pause when the realization kicks in and all is relieved, but not quite. Not every chapter have a good ending.
“You know Sherlock isn’t here anymore, or at least for a few months more. You’re wasting your breath, John,” she was about to close the door on his face when he managed to hold the door open with his feet.
but he just wanted to deal with this alone. This was a very big issue and he have to fix it. He played a very big role into breaking Sherlock. His steps were unusually heavy, indeed, because he was carrying a heavy responsibility along with heavy guilt. He got to the entrance of the building when a woman in white came out to escort him inside. The facility was eerily quiet and full of sorrow. When he asked for Sherlock’s room number, the receptionist’s head instantly looked up and just nodded. She must have recognize him from the papers or something. After a few exchanged words with one of the staff, John was escorted through long corridors and reached a part of the building which was comparatively bigger in size and was clearly more filled with necessary items. She pointed to a direction and just left him to deal with whatever it was that’s waiting.
“Sherlock,”
"W-What are you doing here?" John asked, expecting a rational answer because Lestrade did arrive earlier than he did, so he must know something by now,
“No, John! I SAID I’M DONE!” he slapped John’s hand away from him.
15.36pm. The detective inspector visited the consulting detective. Because in the past days he'd been visiting, Sherlock wasn't too good. At all. He was the definition of an emotional wreck in every sense of the word.
“John. You got what you want from me- a story. Now I want to hear yours. Tell me. Please,” John was starting to get very nervous. Of course he would be. How else would he feel when a flatmate of two or so years who died for two years was urging him to tell the forbidden truth he told himself all these years. The truth he took big measures to hide, even if its by the means of marrying the woman namely Mary Morstan.
“Try and
He was definitely too close to the glass now, which was quite prohibited but he couldn't care less anymore at that point. "Fucking hell Sherlock, this could kill you!" He closes his eyes while trying to calm down from the headache Sherlock was giving him
"What will they do to me, John?"
"Oh Sherlock, but you just came back from those two years. Are you sure you want to go?" her voice falters with fear and concern, not unusual for a lovely and caring person as she is.
John took a pause, can't seem to believe what he is hearing. Sherlock had got to be kidding him.
,"  John corrected and Sherlock was sure he could hear a faint chuckle at the end of it. Both of them missed the nonsense in their daily conversations from when they were still living together. Sherlock looked up slowly to savor the smile on John's face while he's still here but he had only contrived a few moments of it before John's smile faded. Confusion was plastered across Sherlock's face and bewilderment on John's face.
The gaze from Sherlock was truly drilling and unsettling but he kept his focus on the bloodied hand in his.
Now, before you talk, let me explain that if you knew something about his faked death beforehand, it would have been proven fatal for all of you. That is one reason, the other was that if he had actually died during his undercover mission, you didn't have to suffer twice and mourn in grief more than you already did," after the long explanation, he leaned back into his chair a bit, more relaxed to finally let out the information. He turned his computer towards John and Lestrade, letting them see Sherlock on his bed, just looking up to the blank ceiling.
“Really, John. You of all people should know I am anything but. It’s a facade for work, so to speak. Do keep up, John,” the comment was followed by a classic eye roll to hide the fact that he was slightly hurt by the impression.
”What?”
After a bit more of investigating, he had found a connection between the two victims, which was Lord Moran. Ugh of course, how was he this slow? The killer must had been assigned to kill anyone who was a threat to his position of power, and unfortunately he himself would be one of them. The time of murder had a pattern, and was bound to be repetitive even for today. So he called up his security team before walking back to his office, followed by the loyal Anthea, all waiting outside the office to fetch the moment the infamous murderer to show himself.
“I need the address, Mycroft,” he was beginning to hyperventilate but managed to calm down meanwhile planning to drop Rosie at the usual babysitter. She doesn’t need any of the negative vibes the rehab give out at this young of an age.
"Did you really meant what you said?" his voice hitched midway through the sentence, most probably holding back tears (hopefully) of joy. Or it could just be tears of relief.
“And even now, your deductions are still mostly wrong,” John wanted to argue, to have a say in this but was cut off by the gentle press of Sherlock’s lips against his. It felt as if years of surpressed feelings was lifted in just a mere contact of the lips, the density of the air lessening greatly when he felt John kissed him back after the few seconds of freezing in place. A while passed and he broke the kiss in search of air but kept their foreheads pressed so that the scent of the other lingers close.
"So, will you give me a chance in this?"
"Why are you always so cold?"
Promises aside, Sherlock tugged on John's finger, taking off his ring which strongly tied John to Mary.
“As I was saying, John, this case is extremely risky. I could very well cross this from my to-do list but Mycroft insisted so much I help him,” he ended with a huff of his breath, obviously amused by his brother’s reliance on him.
“Oh, I see. Then you really like Janine,” John said while his expression grew serious with every word.
, who made him forget about all of us-of his old life in London. He was made to believe that none of us cared about him nor liked him, and that Moriarty's attention was all that mattered," he lets out a long breath and observed the looks on John and Lestrade when he stated these information. Tense, but still willing to listen.
“Very good, Dr Watson,”
It didn't take too long for the team outside to get a signal from Mycroft. They nodded to each other, a silent confirmation and quick double check about their action before one of them kicked the door in a hard slam, harder than what Sherlock anticipated. Sherlock, in attempt to avoid the door from hitting his face, jumped out of his hiding spot and straight into the centre of attention of the team assigned for his death. He kept his grip at both his weapons while glancing at the door to find it sealed by two armed men. Sighing, he made sure to make as little movement as possible, as all the target laser was all over him from the team's guns which efficiently surrounded him.
"I know it's your first, with a man I mean, and I'm honored that you're okay with me being the first one," he said while he squeezed a dollop of lube on his fingers.
“Plus, I never said anything about involving Mary in our cases in any way. But by the way you put it, it seemed like you don’t want to be involved with me anymore,” he sighed. He was tired of the pretentious vibe he got from this friendship. Was it still friendship, though? Acquaintance seemed like a more appropriate term.
“Are you? Are you really happy that I came back? Then why- why did you marry her, still?”
"... However you prefer?" both of them were showing a tint of pink on their cheeks by now. That was weird, to be having an offer to go out after he cancelled out on the previous date, to go on one with his own flatmate.
“But can you still accept this offer, and make it through the wedding? For us?” Sherlock, who was still sitting on the bed, grabbed John’s wrist, and said in a mix of jokingly and serious manner, “but I still hate you”. John just smiled at this.
“My God, Sherlock that’s…that’s horrible. But couldn’t you…” the questions were starting and he doesn’t like it one bit. Sherlock looked at John, signaling him to finish his question.
"Then tell me about that," he raised a questioning eyebrow, giving off a challenging vibe.
I... I had flashes of his name a few times but-" a pause. He's clearly choosing his words to see if he should or should not have this information before deciding in a short time.
… Then maybe you should. I’m behind you in all this,” John firmly nodded at this, reassuring Sherlock of his commitment for this newfound relationship. In just a few minutes, concerns were shared about the possible consenquences to this. What if Mary burst out in anger at him. Worse, what if she cut off any contact between him and Rosie? That would be the death of him. But Sherlock, clever, clever Sherlock, knows how to ease John just right.
It was like all movement went still and the air went static. He was finally quiet, forced out of his tirade and properly facing John, whose face forms a series of creases between the brows and sides of the mouth. Usually this would be the queue for Sherlock to make a sarcastic remark or along the lines of that, but John’s expression glued his mouth shut. He could only make eye contact as if to tell John to continue what is it so important to be said. Well, at least Sherlock wished he would pull him to the side before bursting into flames and engulfing Sherlock along, because what he felt after John’s response couldn’t possibly be hid behind his mask of indifference before being noticed by anyone.
As he look at him entering Sherlock many times, Sherlock also began to massage himself fast and that's just a blessing to his eyes-seeing Sherlock being brought down like this, desperate and aching for him. After a few more hard strokes with the deep thrusts, Sherlock came screaming John's name while having his head back and the clench around John made him came hard into Sherlock as well, which he milked completely.
"Wh-" John was caught off guard at this. Did Sherlock Holmes just asked him out? Maybe it's just a bro-to-bro kind of hang out. Not like a proper date but they've been using the term 'go out' to imply dates, so he had the urge to ask, though that might have stripped a bit of dignity from himself to even thought of so.
"Tell me your last name," he asked in a lower voice, uncertainty in his voice while frowning at his own question. Mycroft closed his book and finally looked at his lost brother with seriousness. "Can't remember it, can you?" he raised one eyebrow while awaiting for Sherlock's response.
“I’d like to thank you as well,”
He could hear someone calling his name repeatedly, but his body won’t budge and his gaze won’t move from John. He was so… scared if he walk away, John would be gone. They promised each other for a future together, no matter what happened. But if the ‘what happened’ was somewhere as painful as a death row, they can’t have a family together. Raise Rosie to be that brilliant and funny child that would resemble both of them. The ring on their finger won’t change into a marriage ring and- Eventually a calming touch on his shoulder had broken him from his long train of thoughts. John… wasn’t there. He was inside the ambulance, in too deep of thoughts, he had missed them taking John out of the van. His head snapped to the direction of the touch when he heard a child’s voice coming from the same direction.
The day after, just before Sherlock left the premise, he had given a bouquet of light pink azalea flowers with a white in the centre, just beautifully merging colours, to Mrs. Hudson. 'A goodbye gift', he said. And she tearfully accepted it, and said she insisted a hug and a kiss on the cheek before he leave. How can he say no? He let that happen with the same reassuring smile that he used the day before when saying he was sure he wanted to go on with his life as an agent. Mycroft offered him the spot way back when he was in his twenties. He's now just revisiting old forts. Nothing new. No biggie.
Moriarty gave a tight smile and nodded at Sherlock's statement, obviously unsure of releasing Sherlock alone back in London. "Lord Moran will give you the details of which political people to take out. Remember, make sure you get
"Why did you do it, Sherlock? You could have called me or something" Greg had choked out, saying it between sobs that had no regards of being controlled anymore. Sherlock didn't answer him, but for once in weeks, his face was calm, and he was smiling back at Greg despite the tears trailing down his angular face.
Hell, that was it. He turned his head and captured Sherlock's lips with his own not too gently while he tried to pull down Sherlock's pants. Thank God it was just sweats, so he doesn't have to bother working with pesky buttons and zippers. Sherlock trailed his kisses to John's throat, alternating them with bites and licks which left John weak to his knees. And Sherlock didn't keep him up, instead he slowly pushed both of them down on the cold floor.
"Why are you even here? If it's to pity me then you can be on your way" he grunted before stepping on the cigarette once its thrown to the floor, now fishing for the keys in his coat pocket.
"Will you be okay?" Mycroft asked slowly, cautiously. He was worried, definitely worried because Sherlock just doesn't seem much like himself now. It's alarming.
“Will daddy wake up soon?” little Watson asked Sherlock who was lying his head beside John’s inanimate hand.
"By being yourself. Being
Sherlock was sitting on the hard plastic waiting chair outside the hospital rooms with Rosie sleeping on his lap, while Mrs. Hudson was calming him down and prepared to take shifts for Rosie. He was frantic. Absolutely frantic. Mrs. Hudson would squeeze his hand every few minutes to keep him from hyperventilating or getting panic attacks. That had helped a lot when the doctor finally approached them and asked for him.
He slouched against the kitchen counter while opening the prescription bottle to see the darkness of the night from between the flapping curtains.
He was a bit hazy in his thoughts throughout the walk to the food truck Sherlock was talking about, and he must have realized this, because Sherlock asked him what's wrong.
Sherlock wasn't really having the best time back in London. The scene at the restaurant had made it to the media, and the people who felt as betrayed as John weren't exactly keeping their mouths shut. 221B isn't a hard place to find, and neither was he. A lot of curses and a lot of praises came to him. It was overwhelming. Especially for him. And the only person there for him at the moment is Mrs. Hudson, constantly checking up on him, making him tea and keeping him distracted from the hassle of the street. She knew how hard it was for Sherlock to keep a steady face, constantly holding a mask over himself, when in reality the mask is cracking. But given that, she was still surprised when Sherlock told her about his plans for the coming future. It would help him maintain the mask without having emotional connection damaging it. And he explicitly said that he'd only call or send letters to Mrs. Hudson.
when no one else could".
“Sherlock,”
"Why is it that you never care about your well-being?" he chuckled sarcastically. "The work always comes first for you,"
"Of course,"
"Yeah. From his time away? I haven't seen it but Mycroft said it's bad" she muttered with a slow tongue tick, like of a mother when finding out her child fell off the bike.
"No, no. I'm fine. It's just that, uhm, we're
You keep saying that he told you that we didn't care and now we say that we do, but aren't able to prove it to you because you just couldn't be convinced anymore. When will you finally start listening?" sighing, he averted his gaze anywhere but at Sherlock.
left me. I never thought you were a freak. Jim, is a freak. Not you".
"You hardly ever open up to me anymore after the incident. Is that why? Being nice to me isn't necessary anymore?"
He looked at the monitor and back at Mycroft to confirm what he was seeing was real. His mind was completely blank right then. He couldn't manage to move, nor see anything. Everything was so blurry as his mind was clouded with jumbled up emotions and he was somewhere between anger and tears.
. Something was wrong.
supposed to do here?!"
"No you're not,"
"Then take me," that made John's dominant side to take over, pulling him for a heated kiss with some hip movement while he turned Sherlock over to overpower the taller man. Being devoured by Sherlock was fun, but he would have preferred to see the man tremble underneath him. He met his hips with Sherlock and started moving while kissing the man's tempting throat as he savour all the sultry moans that came out of his mouth.
“SHUT UP, SHERLOCK!”
“John. Could you just… wake up for me? I’m sorry I couldn’t protect you, now look at where we at now. Usually it’s me on the hospital bed. Seeing you on this godforsaken bed is… wrong. So very wrong. I need you, John so please wake up for me,” the knuckles of John’s hand was brought to Sherlock’s mouth for a feather-light kiss before putting on the fallen ring he had retrieved back on John’s finger. As if a promise that he’d be there when he wakes up.
"Best sleep in a long time," he gave a sincere, but controlled smile. He wasn't lying. The sleep was the best in months, but it doesn't mean he wasn't aching or having nightmares. It was still better than ever. Mrs. Hudson sat opposite to him on the unused armchair, chatting away with Sherlock. She missed him dearly, and she won't miss the chance to be more talkative anymore.
"I don't know Sherlock, I don't know what he made you think, or what he was doing, for fucks sake I didn't even know you were alive, Sherlock!"
“But damn well a damaged good, you are” he grunted a tone higher than his mumbles, but apparently loud enough for John to register that he had indeed said something under his breath.
others don’t hurt others, John. Mistakes, yes. But this is one huge mistake that both of us had done, and I couldn’t afford to make another one that I most probably regret; such as having hopes for you,”
"Heh. Then, I'll gladly carry you around. Like a princess or a damsel in distress," both of them broke into laughter at this statement. It's always a good moment between them. The warmth and tenderness that only exist between them was something he wouldn't miss out on, and so he vowed to make sure they would work out into a healthy, functioning relationship.
Even after these days devoid of happiness, he always comes back, which is why I didn’t panic when he was gone one day after I returned from a quick shopping trip to Tesco for more alcohol. He usually returned after a couple of days or so, but when more than a week had passed I felt lost and could feel myself slipping into an abyss that I didn’t think I could ever get out of. Every morning I would still comment on the morning paper, things he said he found trivial but I knew he secretly enjoyed, and I would await his response. I would wait for him to exclaim his boredom. I would wait to hear his violin play, although apparently my subconscious wasn’t  advanced enough to truly capture his mesmerizing compositions anyway, But he never did. He was gone. Completely and utterly gone and every minute he didn’t stand behind me while I typed up old cases on my laptop and tell me how illiterate my last sentence was or every time I couldn’t turn around and see his beautifully perfect form, always clad in his favorite button-down, silk, dark purple shirt that the ‘vision him’ always wore, the worse I spiraled into the old feeling of depression.
Days passed of acting “normal” even though I was bored out of my mind. At least John seemed to be happy but every now and then we’d be laughing about something and his eyes would get glossy and a look of despair would pass over his beautiful features. I compared the looks he would get with other facial expressions that I had stored in my mind palace to try and see if I could get a peek into what he was thinking. They mirrored the expressions of those who had lost someone and were mourning. He looked like the family members of the victims in some of my cases.  I tried to figure out if maybe John had lost someone he cared about during my absence but that was very unlikely and I like to think he would tell me if one of his family members or friends had passed away. John was probably just bored out of my mind like me.
I attempted to flip over onto my back to get up but my brothers snarky drawl abruptly stopped my movements. “I wouldn’t do that if I were you, brother mine. You’ve already pulled your stitches quite a few times while you were out from all of the thrashing around you did.”  I ran my eyes over his sitting form. His umbrella clasped between his fingers like a safety blanket.  “I wasn’t aware that I was in need of stitches. Have you been stress eating Mycroft? It seems you’ve fallen off of your diet again. By the looks of it, it seems you’ve put on more than a few pounds.” I quipped hoping it would make him leave so I could rise. “Don’t deflect brother. It’s not a good look for you.” I narrowed my eyes. “How did you find me?” Mycroft rose and walked over to me. He bent to almost to my eye level where I lay. “I was always there beside you. You must have known Sherlock. I never lost track of you.” With that he straightened astutely as if he were the queen of England and strutted down the aisle out of sight.
One day Sherlock asked me what I was doing and why I was always typing or writing and I replied by saying “I’m just making sure I never forget”. Sherlock became eerily quiet and slowly trudged to his room without another word. After that incident, things started to return to normal. We would banter in the mornings and he would yell at my programs on the teli at night. It was still different and it felt a bit forced but I would have to remind myself every so often that it wasn’t real. That there was no way he could have returned from the dead, but I knew I would have to continue holding on to this last shred of him, or I would find myself following Sherlock off the side of St. Barts.
If I had known what would happen, I would have told him. I would have told him that he had saved my life in every way imaginable. I would have screamed it from the rooftops and would have just been prepared for the inevitable rejection I would have so obviously faced, but it would have been worth it. It would have been worth it just so he knew how loved he truly was. It would have been worth it to just listen to his reply, a reply that most likely would have began with “How simple, John.” And ended with a comment on how disdainful he found sentiment to be, but at least he would have known. Now the only screaming from rooftops that was done was the shout from my dear friend telling me to stay where I was so I could watch him steal away his life.
I got up and made my way to my room so I could figure out a way to make John Watson stay. If he wanted adventure I would give it to him. I would start tonight and act as if I never left. Tonight I will sit and yell at one of his ridiculous shows on the teli and then first thing tomorrow morning I will find us a case.
Just as I had made my decision to sit and wait for his return, the door opened behind me. I flipped around faster than I even knew was possible and saw the face I had been waiting to see for two years. He had two bottles of what I assumed to be as alcohol clutched tightly in each hand. He had a bit of facial hair and black circles were noticeable under his eyes as if he hadn’t slept the entire time I had been gone and his oatmeal colored jumper was wrinkled and bunched up under his arms, but he was still the most beautiful creature I had ever seen. He looked startled for a moment but then a look of relief flashed across his eyes.
My senses were still elevated and I was startled yet again at the sound of my brothers voice. “You know you can’t just spring it on him that you’re somehow alive”. I wrinkle my brow in confusion. “I’m sure he will be absolutely pleased to see me. How has he been by the way?” I asked knowing that, of course, my brother had kept tabs on the former military doctor. “Well you see, he’s been a bit vulnerable since your…absence” Mycroft replied with a lift of his lip as if he had smelled something rancid. “You’re going to have to be a bit more specific Mycroft” I said starting to get impatient. “He’s been drinking quite a lot and he’s rarely left your quaint little flat since the funeral. He was…terminated from his job at the clinic. I’ve since picked up the rent bill which it seems he hasn’t even noticed that bills still exist.” On the outside I managed to stay cool and calculating but on the inside I was filled with dread and worry. Maybe John really would be enraged at the sight of me. “John is a big boy. He can fend for himself” I said with conviction.
The second the vows were spoken, it ripped through his heart as swiftly as the knife cut through the wedding cake. Of course was he had shown the public was a smile. A
“And you don’t have the right to talk about pain. Painful? Painful is crying at night like I did, thinking that the most special person you had would no longer be with you. That, Sherlock, is pain,”
"We need to talk, about just now,"
"Don't wait up for tea. I'll be out with Felicia today," John exclaimed from the living room, while looking into the wall mirror to make sure he looked dapper for his gorgeous date.
"How'd you sleep, dear?" she asked quite happily, just excited to see Sherlock back where he belongs, and not in some scruffy back alley or running as a fugitive in the woods.
He's shivering terribly but the touch of the softest fabric only stings to him. Mycroft had threaten him with the promise of rehabilitation centre if he as much as opened his supply box to 'heighten his thought processes' when in reality he just wanted to feel nothing, feel numb because shedding tears for days straight wasn't his usual demeanor and it felt foreign. But those miraculous substances only help for the first few moments, before he could feel how fast he was plunging deep into the abyss of nothingness. He's craving for a fix. He
“I hope you’re happy with what happened, Sergeant. Good day.”
be writing a letter to you when I can, though. Can't have you missing out on what I'm doing," he said with a spark of joy in his voice. But the motherly instinct in her knows more than to ignore the hint of sadness that comes with the perky voice.
," he spat out the last word in shame. The great Sherlock Holmes should've had the heart of stone and mind of steel. Not of ice that can be melted per command of heat. John was clearly shocked by this revelation. Of course even
"Thank you,"
“You… love me?” asked Sherlock, as if it was the most ridiculous statement he had ever heard in years.
He will say this again and again, but the first drag of smoke will always be the the most satisfying one. And it made him wonder why he even stopped smoking in the first place? That was fucking relieving and the little dose was helping him, even in the slightest that it made him forget why he was even standing on the sidewalk, backing the golden label of 221B. That was when he saw a pair of bright lights of a car he knew all too much slowing down next to him.
"Thank you, John,"
"If it's true that Moriarty brainwashed me, then whatever you are doing to me is just the same. How many times do you need to alter my brain until you're satisfied?" This man just keeps on frustrating him more and more, to be honest.
After a few moments of thinking about worst case scenarios and possibilities, he only had one plausible solution, which was to break the news to the public. But... perhaps firstly to the three most important people for Sherlock pre-fall. He shifted his attention towards the screen that showed Sherlock through the cell cameras, just sitting on the bed-clearly thinking. Maybe if they come and talk to him, he would start to believe the truth once again. But he sure wasn't eager for the response for when he tells them about the faked act. Some yelling would definitely be involved but it would be worth it if it meant he could get them to help him in this problem.
Sherlock turned to the nearest man because he also heard a rather distorted, but pressing voice from the earpiece. Why wouldn't they be confused with such an order? They're there for no other reason than to kill the murderer, and Sherlock was there ready to fight back but the voice on the other end of the line was urging them not to do what as assigned. One man, however, was the itchy-finger who was obviously not pleased for all the trouble they went through just to stand there in front of a man who obviously killed many, so he slowly crept behind Sherlock and tase him in a swift move. It was a smart move, to be honest, but it was still not within the order. Quite forgivable for a petty minion. Sherlock was caught off guard by the movement and managed to claw on the man but his grip weaken as quickly as he was losing grip on his own consciousness. In a split second, he fell a bit too hard on the cold ground with a thud accompanied by the clanks of his dagger and gun falling beside him. His eyes was open, he was fully aware he was twitching and quivering on the ground, but he was completely unfocused. His vision and mind were slowly turning hazy.
"You're cute when you blush," he giggled. "And yes of course I'll bear with you, you intelligent git. I've dealt with you for years before so I know what I'm dealing with and I still want it. Still want
was an understatement; he'd be there for such a long time because even if he wouldn't want to believe it, his brother was undeniably a murderer. His brother was back and alive, but his mind wasn't. His mind was somewhere deep within him, locked by Moriarty and keys thrown into the sea. And he will try to find that key to bring his brother back. He had some memory flashes nevertheless, so that's good. Least somewhere inside his mind was fighting back the manipulation set upon him, so he just needed to assist, but
“But god, I can’t ever delete how much I still love you,” he sighed in resignation. As if he was very much tired of this world. John broke the hug and went to take the ring from the silk cloth bedding and knelt beside Sherlock, making him more confused than ever.
"Thank you," John broke the hug slowly at this, and smiled sweetly at him.
“Yes, Sherlock. At least for me, it very much is important,” Sherlock finished the tea and handed one steaming cup to John, aware that John was watching him closely every second since the twitch.
had never happened, until that moment. But no need to add fuel to the fire. He pushed afar his arrogant personality to express his concern and hope for what could happen if they do cooperate.
Mrs. Hudson had came in moments after, calling up an ambulance without a second thought before she rushed to Sherlock, who was half lidded as if keeping his eyes open was too much work. There was no other sounds than sobs and cries in the eeriely still living room of 221B, and it receded into silence when neither of them could feel any more rise of Sherlock's chest.
"You know that's not how the bathroom work! You go in one at a time, not... twice at once, Sherlock," he sighed at the lack of respect his flatmate have against privacy.
"Because, he, and Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson, were under Moriarty's threat. He was ready to kill them, so you saved them by making everyone believe you had really died, to convince the snipers the deal with Moriarty was settled. Me, and Miss Hooper, of course knew what happened and knew you went to infiltrate Moriarty's network in multiple countries, making sure he wont harm anyone else," at this point, Sherlock was starting to breathe more heavily out of frustration the information gave him. Which story should he believe in and which one to delete from his mind? In the brink of tears, he managed to choke out some words while Mycroft looked at him apologetically. He
"Just go to the room at the back. There's spare clothes there and I'll make some tea to warm you up," John said and walked away to the kitchen. From a distance, he could hear Rosie playing with her toys, evident from the sound of squeaks and rattles. He wanted to check on her, just to say hello, but he was sure if he did just so, he'd be kicked out in a split second.
"Sherlock, what are you doing?" he asked breathlessly as Sherlock's fingers moved to John's right nipple and played with it.
“I’ve always thought this scenario would only remain in my wildest dreams,”
"My pupils are dilated because of the evident lack of light in this room. My eyes are red not from drugs, or at least not anymore, John. It's red because... because, I've been...
"I'm bleeding," Okay. That's a way to get his attention. He swiftly pulled his towel from a nearby railing to wrap around his waist, and he needed to cover his slight erection that hadn't yet completely go away. When he thought that he hid it well enough, he stepped out of his cocoon of shower curtain and walked towards Sherlock, who was touching the side of his head that wasn't visible from John's direction. Once he was close enough, Sherlock turned his head around to John, and with a smirk, he let his hand fall to his sides.
He couldn’t finish the sentence. All he could do was stop it abruptly just to protect his little heart from whatever reaction he many get if he did continue. Just to hide his hesitation, he stared into his tea, avoiding eye contact.
They spent the rest of the day talking about everything else, anything to not look back at the harsh reality that's been set firmly in the background. But mostly Mrs. Hudson did the talking and Sherlock would just squeeze in the little tell tale with a sassy remark or his own joke.
“You’re… telling the truth,”
he did it.
did he save you?!" he was near shouting by now, because shit, can't Sherlock
"Of course you don't understand! You have
"I am nice for an advantage, for a heads up and to be ahead in a situation. People don't help nor reward arrogant arses do they? So tell me, what's the point of being as nice to you anymore if it doesn't make you-" he pauses.
“What, why? Even if I could forget it, I wouldn’t want to,”
Mrs. Hudson excused herself for a bit, and returned with a bouquet of the azalea, still fresh because Sherlock asked her to nurture both bouquets. Keep it alive, and for Mrs. Hudson, it's just her way of reassuring herself Sherlock was as alive as the beautiful flowers.
"I still don't see how that justifies it to let others think you're dead for two whole years!"
?” John chuckled as he took off the ring and put in beside him. If he could move a lot more, he would’ve put it on the bedside table, Sherlock was sure of it. John was now accusing Sherlock for playing a sick prank on his because he wasn’t at all convinced that he missed years of his life. Mrs. Hudson was now hugging Rosie, trying to calm her when she started crying after John clarified that he doesn’t believe that she was his Rosie. His Rosamund Mary. Sherlock felt heat coming up in his cheeks, whether it was because he felt like crying or screaming, he didn’t care anymore. He was holding onto the ring on his finger so tightly as if it’s the last bit of his dream that still existed in real life. With every stabbing words, his heart shattered little by little and eventually came out in the form of tears from his eyes. When the tears streamed down his face, Rosie released herself from Mrs. Hudson’s hug and stood in front of Sherlock with so much hate in her eyes.
"Why should I?" Mycroft was clearly unimpressed.
"Don't you ever dare try to fuck with anyone else,"
“John, you really don’t have to,”
"Yes,
“I’m sure your impeccable Yarders can proceed from this point onwards, Detective Inspector. And I don’t mean by only this case.” John had saw the surprise in Lestrade’s eyes when Sherlock casually cut ties with his work in front of everybody. Then Sherlock averted his gaze to Donovan, who subconsciously shift her weight from one leg to another when she felt the sharpness of his gaze, squinting his eyes in disgust, before making his final comment on scene,
John was beyond pleased that at 4 in the morning there were still cabs taking customers and that not many people will be hailing one because god knows he rarely succeeded getting one in broad daylight. Throughout the drive he was fidgeting with the medical bag in his left hand and the coffee cup in his right. He had drank his hot coffee earlier and wore extra thick outerwear to withstand the night breeze in order to deal with whatever the medical bag was supposed to be for and to make sure all attention was towards Sherlock.
“I would instinctively say I’m fine but I’m just not sure anymore,”
"Wh-This is a mind trick, isn't it?
One of Mycroft's minion who was leading the other five to ambush the murderer, while patiently, and quietly, waited for a signal from Mycroft himself. They
Who was he kidding? Of course Sherlock would try to defend him as much as possible no matter how strained their relationship was so all he could do was nod at the words Sherlock had said. He took Sherlock’s hand in his and knelt in front of him, to have better access at treating the wound.
"I think something hurts, where you're touching me,
"Jim said you always left me for girlfriends and your friends because I was too weird for you," he frowned. "I was a
?" He steps a bit closer but just at a safe distance for a tense situation like this.
“Y-you do?”
"Yes,"
"Maybe if you think from a merciful side; you wouldn't have to mourn twice if the situation occurs,"
At that exact moment he reached the end of the sentence, he heard the door creaked open and John entered with a hot cup of tea. The expression on John's face was obvious that he was holding in every single venom he had to offer to Sherlock.
(See the end of the chapter for
It wasn't much, but the doctor at least managed to clean the wound, apply every required ointment on it and patch it up with a few medical gauze under a bandage across his torso. But for further care, he would need assistance. Mycroft urged Sherlock to ask for Mrs. Hudson's help, or Lestrade's, because they're the closest and the more open options. And Sherlock just shrugged at the long explanations, mumbling a half-hearted agreement under his breath.
. You clearly have
"I'm fine, Sherlock. It's just... I've never done this before and I'm sure you know that straight from deducing me alone," their lips were only a breath away and he can feel the hot breath from between the bowed lips on his when he returned to pleasuring John with his skillful violinist hand, whispering reassurance to take care of him.  Moving his hand faster and tighter around John's shaft, he managed to hear John's breath caught in his throat a few times followed by harmonious moans. His cheeks and his nape were flushed with pink accompanied by his half-lidded eyes showing how much in ecstasy he was and that made Sherlock felt proud and powerful of how his dominant side managed to elict such behavior from this strong man and made him aching for friction on his aching cock.
"Oh that... Don't bother, Mrs. Hudson. I can manage," he said and averted eye contact. Mrs. Hudson just frowned at the response, finding it a bit childish and also unreasonable.
" He was almost shouting now, in addition to the echo of the spacious rooms, all the while made it louder than it should be.
"I could ask you the same,"
"I... actually I found someone," he looked at Lestrade with a bashful expression. Lestrade was clearly surprised by this. He would had expected John couldn't move on from Sherlock's 'death' at all, but apparently he was wrong.
“Sherlock?”
"Make me what, Sherlock?" Sherlock gave an apologetic expression when he was about to answer when he heard wailing of little Watson from the other room. Usually he would stay and let her own father handle her tantrums but he obviously needed an escape from this suffocating conversation, and fled for her.
"Because I'm not the only one who deserve an important piece of information; a truth, once in a while," It must be a while since he heard such sincerity that was meant for his ears because Sherlock was visibly taken aback by this. It was always deceit, mockery and dejection in his everyday life, and the Watsons was one of the only joy he could obtain for his sake of sanity. And for once, he had gotten something he never had expected from John-mutuality of interest. He raised John's hand that was holding his and rest his forehead on it, hiding his face in case he suddenly had been emotional from this.
"I get that he was in danger
were my friend but
. He knew that as the best man, he should've stayed with John until the end of the event, but as per mentioned before, he just couldn't.
“You might never forgive me, Sherlock, but I am sincerely sorry and-”
"Sherlock?"
John cleared his throat before finally addressing his view, "Are you serious, Mycroft? I thought you were an intelligent man, I mean, this lie is ridiculously inhumane! You and
"Okay. I know a place that makes great chips a few minutes' walk from Baker Street" he said as he fixed the dark blue scarf around his pale, slightly freckled neck. John would have never thought of having even went out with a man, but look at where's he's standing now.
. Et cetera,” Sherlock sneered in annoyance. It was just some simple declination of offers but it had hurt Sherlock so much because John had chosen simple, normal activities over the cases that had gave them thrills and something to occupy their time with all those years. Of course it would hurt, because Sherlock doesn’t know how to entertain himself otherwise.
fault!” his hand was now shaking from the overwhelming emotions he’s feeling. He couldn’t take it anymore. ‘
"That's sweet of you. What about J-"
"John, I-"
“Can we just… forget this?” he pryed Sherlock’s hands away from his face.
John didn't wait for Sherlock's response, if he had any, and just went to Mary who was waiting in the cab for him. Mary looked forlorn when she saw how from the facial expressions that nothing had went well. She knew how they were two halves of each other, and to see things just spiral down hurts, even for her as an outside eye. John seemed unbothered when he sat down beside Mary, and that had her opening up a conversation out of curiosity.
"Sh-Sherlock I think I'm- ah- coming," John grabbed Sherlock's head and hid his own on the crook of Sherlock's neck, breathing onto the sweaty, pale skin with hints of pink.  With every movement, his cock which was between their body got enough friction to send him to cloud nine, and Sherlock made sure John's throbbing erection was rubbed in every thrust he made inside of him. Everything was overwhelming but almost not enough for John. Once he was at his peak, he climaxed onto both their stomach and shouts Sherlock's name incoherently. Sherlock could feel John tightening around him and that had sent him to the edge as well and comes deep in his John, still rolling his hips so that John's oversensitised nerves milked him completely, until he felt the wetness of his own come pooling at the tip of his cock before pulling out.
“Why are you here? You seem like an adequate companion of Donovan instead of me, it seems. Go along now,”
"Of course it is difficult for me to understand, especially after he proved to me that none of you cared but now you all said you do! How many times do you want to reset my brain just so you can manipulate it again?!" he was now clenching his fist on his sides, repressing any shouts.
"She's not an object I used to forget you, Sherlock! I
He didn't expect anyone else, to be honest, to come into the bathroom except Sherlock, but he was surprised nevertheless. He had his burgundy dressing gown hanging loosely around his bare torso with a pair of sweats.
are you doing in here?"
"What do you even mean by
He just let out a sigh, thinking maybe the whole thought processes could continue tomorrow, when he's well rested. The night's been overwhelming, and he was sure it wasn't just for him alone.
Minutes after John arrived, they really thought Sherlock just locked himself in but then they hear the click from the bathroom door of it opening, they both simultaneously turned towards the small corridor. And they set eyes on a partly frightened and shocked Sherlock.
"Thank you, John,"
as claimed by Moriarty. He also had a magpie brooch with him, but now he's not sure anymore if the items were sentimental or pure manipulation by affection by now.
"Are you sure about this, Sherlock?" John asked, for consent, and for confirmation while his hands rest on top of Sherlock's shirt. This could as well be too quick, but at the same time they had waited for too long to had missed this opportunity early on. Sherlock had placed his hand on John's neck and caressed it slowly.
“Sherlock, that’s…” of course Sherlock would expect words like ‘wonderful’ or ‘a dream come true’. But he was unlucky-not that he believed in luck, but surely he was breaking inside, even Rosie sensed his growing tension.
“Fine. I’ll text you an address,”
"I can't promise the yet to be outcome, but I can promise you I didn't lie about anything," Mycroft reassured, followed by John nodding at the statement with an unsure expression. No one had more inquiries further than the clarification about Sherlock's whereabout during the two years, so Mycroft had devised a plan regarding the visits with Sherlock. One of the most reasonable entrance into Sherlock's cell was to serve the food for breakfast, lunch and dinner (probably tea and supper every now and then) because it wont come too much as a shock for Sherlock if someone entered with a reason that wont make him feel oppressed. John offered to go in first for lunch and Lestrade for dinner, just in case bringing too many faces in would result badly and because he seemed to remember John the most, even if it's just by the name or hazy memories.
"I really do hope so," at this point, John looked insecure and a tad nervous about his decision to marry his girlfriend, and Lestrade knew that look. He had it with his ex-wife when the spark in their relationship still existed. So he smiled at John when that expression reminded him of good times.
deceit he was told and made to believe was horrendous.
He crossed his arms, trying to fish more information. "Am I not myself? Right now?"
you give a damn?" he rolled his eyes in annoyance.
to tell us, considering you just abducted us from wherever we were". That earned him a silent pause as Mycroft reconsidered his words.
"Didn't work out well, did it?" he asked with a sigh.
The responses Mycroft had managed to harvest out of both John and Lestrade-especially John, was well expected. He did tensed to hear them criticize him and raised his voice because for years of intervening in their lives about Sherlock,
"Mrs. Hudson, what's wrong? What's with the long face?" he asked, partly joking, because he hated how the atmosphere just shifted.
"Why aren't you at the wedding, Giles?" Sherlock asked, very much annoyed by the grey-haired man stepping out of the car.
"It'll be hard to make him remember all the important details,"
care about you. I heard that we had traced back your tracks to you. I was honestly pleased, especially after we lost contact for so long. I'm sure John would be very happy, maybe a bit angry at the beginning because technically we
He took a breather, not knowing what to expect. And he didn't really expect otherwise when he pushed the door open to find the room empty. Rid of any life. All the stuff are there, messy as always but... lifeless. Maybe he went out for a case, and was rushing. John instinctively walked around the room, tracing everything with his eyes, trying to deduce terribly what Sherlock might have been doing. But most of what he gathered was that, not much had been at all touched. Let alone moved or used. The most used item was probably the teacup Mrs. Hudson used to make his tea in but that cup was dry. Sherlock's experiment table wasn't filled with any new projects. He touched the familiar leather chair but it wasn't even warm.
, Sherlock?"
The silence that follows was agonizing, because Sherlock just couldn’t deduce anything, even what John felt after hearing the synopsis of his torture. After a few moments, John’s face contorted into a somewhat confused expression.
John was walking home, tired from his long, boring day at work in the hospital. Usually he would have company walking back, but Mary was feeling unwell; a headache, she said. He offered to stay home and take care of her, but she insisted otherwise.
“The only person who never called me a freak, or even considered me as one in any other terms. I honestly felt stupid, John, for letting you under my skin and destroying myself for you. Truly I wished I was the machine you once accused me of but, I’m… I’m just human, John. I’m just…” his voice broke at the last word, and the uncharacteristic detail of that worry John beyond imagination. The thought that he might have managed to break Sherlock beyond repair scared him. He had put Sherlock through hell in and out whenever he had troubles containing his anger and never once he thanked him? He had just called his best friend a freak. Were they still even friends?
"It's different! He at least drinks the tea I make him every morning or bite on some scones I brought up but the only thing he's eating is his pills. You need to check up on him,"
"To the man who never fails to amaze, and never fails to protect. And for every sacrifice, for he shall be remembered" and for the message of the flower, shall they keep the promise.
When he finished settling with himself, he sat back down at the bed and picked up the picture again, only to notice a faded out writing at the back of it that looked like a multiple attempt of rubbing the note away but still readable nevertheless.
"Don't think he ever will,"
In the midst of his train of thoughts, a long, black car stopped beside him on the street. A tall man, quite serious by the looks of his posture and general gestures, got out of the car and stood in front of him.
“N-no! I was actually genuinely impressed with every deduction. Everything was beyond belief,”
"Do you think she'll say yes?"
“Sherlock?”
"Your brother told me I should be changing your bandage?"
"How have you been holding up, John?"
“You won’t lose me. Never again,” he gave a quick peck on his lips, sealing the promise at the tip on his lips, between John and Sherlock. If there’s one thing he hadn’t expected to occur in his life, was to find someone who was willing to put maximum effort to be with him but not neglecting everyone else. But he had found a brave soldier, with nerves of steel and heart of gold that was going through a war zone of obstacles to end up with him. He was right in front of him, and he is
He had the right to push John away, but John also have the right to fix things. Both of them just needed time to make room for apologies in the future. He's going to try.
On the other side of London, John and Mary arrived to their shared home, both of them clearly in disagreement of what happened earlier. Face either full of disgust or disappointment.
"I'm really not. Look who's talking," he breathlessly chuckled. Having the gorgeous Sherlock Holmes saying that he's a masterpiece seemed out of context. Denying the truth doesn't cause him any harm so he put the fact straight.
“You’re well aware I’m off cases for now due to my drug use. Lestrade refuse to let me in on crime scenes nor near any of his precious case files for the time being,” he sighed. Why must it be so hard to believe that a calculating machine could care and even love someone so much? As much as he love John? He was lost in thought and was frowning the whole process, and this had made John smiled. To see his Sherlock thinking so hard about this thing, and so he approached Sherlock slowly and carefully kisses him. He felt Sherlock put his hand behind his neck to deepen the kiss before parting their lips for a moment.
"Where even is Moriarty?" he sighed.
to do anything they can to bring back Sherlock from the unfamiliar character that's set upon them. It's unsettling. But they need to get Sherlock back before Moriarty suddenly come barging to to reclaim his prized possession.
"I'm just glad you're here, Greg" he said in barely a whisper, but even with the sobs, the room was dead silent and enough so to echo Sherlock's word out loud. And that broke Greg.
"I have your lunch," John started off gentle. No need to shock him yet. Sherlock sighed and just looked at his long fingers.
what Moriarty had made him into? He's a walking corpse, for fucks sake.
"Keep you safe from Moriarty, and from yourself. I'm afraid I will have to keep you here for a while. Hopefully the panic of the murders you committed soon come to pass and, do what I can to get your memories back," with a sad expression on his face, he tried to be a proper big brother for his lost baby brother-a lost cause, like a dejected child.
"About... the thrill. Running around London or something. But there's always you in it,"
“John? This… uh… this isn’t right,” he admitted before locking his eyes on John’s dilated pupils. Almost abruptly, John stopped and a guilty expression clouded his face.
"I didn't know that it was logical to love someone this much. It's kind of scary," he chuckled before continuing. "But if it's meant to be with you, I'd face that fear,"
“I hate you so much,” Sherlock had said, but slightly muffled by John’s chest.
John lets out a breath of relief because Sherlock didn't run from this, at least not anymore.
"London isn't the same anymore, Mrs. Hudson. What's the point of staying when home doesn't feel much like one?" he said with a smile, a smile desperate for her to try and understand what he meant. It's not the same for him anymore because he was dead. And he wished he truly was. Because that would be a better memory than having to return knowing John moved on from him, and possibly still hated him a little about the falsified death. Mrs. Hudson's forehead just creased more, growing more concerned and pitiful towards the man he knew since his worse days.
Sherlock that annoys people and impresses people from time to time as a Consulting Detective with an international reputation. The criminal identity of him shall be kept only as an alter-ego and no more.
"I do not. He owes me one," denial for defeat. Typical.
John. But, at this point he doubt if John is even his anymore. Or if they were the same person.
she whined but with a very lovely smile across her face. He did managed to stop by a grocery store on his way back, but the plastics in his grip wasn't filled with food-just basic miscellaneous home items. He had something in mind about the food issue-he wanted to bring her over to a fancy (and coincidentally) her favourite restaurant and have dinner there. Maybe, just maybe if he could word it out, he would finally propose to tie the knot with his girlfriend of somewhere under two years.
can try to convince him somehow, please," he heard Mrs. Hudson plead to this person.
, that the wedding would affect Sherlock somehow. Platonically or romantically, Sherlock almost never got close to anyone like he did with John, and to have him move out for the sake of a calmer, more domestic life must hurt. Because he was chosen over, when Sherlock had always chose John over everything even himself.
," he whispered in a raspy, captain voice at Sherlock's ear, which resonated down south to his own length. Grunting, he put a trail of wet and dominating kisses down John's neck and licks his throat when his Adam's apple was vibrating from the moans he was holding back all the while he teasingly palms John's erection.
“Hey… I never said I wanted to cut ties with you. I just wanted to explain to you that this is how my life is now, and when I can’t spend time with you doesn’t mean that I don’t want to,” he gave a doubtful, reassuring smile at Sherlock.
"Did it go well?"
about his drug activity and about his relationship with Janine to John. Not that it was necessarily real nor serious, anyway, but it was necessarily relevant to gain better access to information in this recent case in his hands.
"Swear to God, Sherlock. I wont".
As if it couldn't get hotter, he was drooling by the sight of Sherlock using the precum from John's hard cock to open himself up. His eyes fluttered as he insert one finger into himself and John just couldn't help it but to massage his aching cock at the sight. When Sherlock was a bit more relaxed, he saw what John was doing and pulled his hand off to be replaced by his own mouth. The way he teased every nerve and vein using his tongue and teeth, and the vibration he got from the stiffled moans Sherlock gave out as he fucked himself using his fingers was overwhelming that he pushed his head back, calming himself to try to last longer.
"Sorry what?"
"I just don't want to lose you anymore, because- because it hurts," he said softly and brings John's hand up to his lips.
Sherlock Holmes that I adore so much,"
John just doesn’t seem to consider his supposedly nonexistent feelings and kept talking… and making him feel more guilty with every breath. John just doesn’t understand that he’s not the only one emotionally (or even physically) tired. He just… screamed with so much hatred, it would’ve sent so much vibrations in Sherlock’s heart it might shatter.
. He had wasted two years worth of tears for a man who wasn't even buried under his own tombstone, two years of being so fucking stupid to believe someone he had cared about had died. Of course, Sherlock was as if a God of Mischief. He was
"Don't think I could recall who he is. I'm sure it doesn't matter," the response earned him a scoff from Mycroft, before he retrieved his phone to open a picture of John and pressed the screen onto the glass barrier between them, giving Sherlock a chance to clearly see the picture. When he was sure Sherlock was looking at the picture, he asked in complete dissatisfaction, "Ring any bell?". Slowly, Sherlock reached out and rested the tip of his fingers on the glass, directly above John's picture, as if trying to reach out for the real thing.
Though Sherlock was already rethinking if he actually
"Well, if you think so, then why don't you just send me on death row? I suppose it's what everyone want for me right now," he sighed, tired of these conversations. He just wanted it to stop and close his ears from the lies and deceit in which some of them could possibly be the truth.
“We’re just recently engaged,” he blurted out of panic. That had John looking at his fingers to see an unfamiliar ring that matched Sherlock’s.
"I don't want to eat,"
Rosie was so very clever, because she was raised with the help of the genius Sherlock Holmes, his supposed fiancee no-more. She knew how hurt Sherlock had felt upon receiving the anger from the two Watsons, because Sherlock doesn’t just break down in front of people if it were bearable. She had felt guilty, obviously, because Sherlock was in a way, his father too. Just yet to be official. So, she had tried to show John how much Sherlock had done for him and that both of them hadn’t treated him as they should. She had contacted her uncle Mycroft from John’s phone, asking for help in retrieving John’s lost memory, even if it’s just on video, or on text exchanges, anything. She knew that this should be fixed. But she was still a child, all she could do was hope that she did enough to at least slap some sense in her father. But in a matter of months, it did worked, even if just a bit, but it had made John realize that they did love each other, and that everything Sherlock said in the hospital was indeed true. But were they too late by then? Not even little Rosie was sure.
"Yes. Fuck yes, I will. I want you to take me," all pride and dignity aside, he just wants to feel dominated by Sherlock-fucking-Holmes and feel him inside and be fucked into the cushion of the sofa. Sherlock insisted they retreated to the bedroom, with more space and privacy before pushing him on his back to the bed.
“I’m really not sure if I can tell you but, if you’re so insistent…”
Almost on cue, he heard short murmurs from the landlady. But, he could also hear the voice of someone else. Recognizable but indistinctive from that distance because it was as if they were whispering, cautious of their tone in case Sherlock would be shocked by a generic volume of speech. He tried to reposition himself so that his hearing isn't blocked by the soft cushion of the sofa. What he heard sounded like an exchange of concerns. Not surprising considering his state but he's curious on who cared enough to check up on him apart from his landlady and occasionally, his brother or DI Lestrade.
Sherlock looked up from his experiment that he had delayed because of Rosie, gave John a questioning hum and waits for an anser.
"Shhh, Watson. Go back to sleep," Sherlock mumbles under his breath while cradling the head of the toddler in his arms, when he was actually meant to say his thanks allowing him an acceptable escape from John.
"Two years. Two- You let me grieve for two years," John spoke, in a slow, rage filled voice. It falters, but not out of fear, but pure,
"It bloody well does. You're out here, in the middle of the cold after a snowstorm, for a case! You don't give a damn about your life, you don't care about anyone else's life either. It's always about how clever you are and how you can prove it since the first day we met! You're the centre of a hurricane-everything revolves around you and anything that comes close to you would be damned and damaged. You are cold and heartless, 'caring is not an advantage' and 'sentiment is a chemical defect' as you so poetically put it when the need arose. Murdering people in cold blood because they've outsmarted you and taking drugs because it was fun and 'heighten your thoughts processes'," Sherlock was honestly shocked at the sudden outburst, although he had expected John to get angry at him but he hadn't expected to be ripped apart. He looked away from John while he proceeded with his tirade.
"Why didn't you tell me?" he asked, pitiful and dissatisfied.
“Why what?”
"Why is he here?" he asked, panic slightly in his voice. The towel he had draped on his shoulder was shifted to cover more of it, knowing one or two wounds were long enough to show on his shoulder.
The car halted to a stop, and the driver told him to get out of the car, in which he did because disobeying these guys' orders would prove to be harmful to anyone regardless of rank. He stepped onto the pavement and heard the car engine fade as it drove away behind. Looking around, his mind was hazy as he didn't know even a bit where he was. The building in front of him looked highly guarded and secure, but he still didn't know the purpose of him being there. Should he wait? Maybe, just for a few minutes and he'll try to ask the guards at the door.
?" Well, that phrase was common but it felt like he was quoting Sherlock whenever John came back from a date every now and then. God knows how he managed to deduce his date without even seeing who that was half the time.
"Get out," his tone leaves no room for arguement, and so John closed the bedroom door, and leaned on it. He covered his face with the palm of his hands while sliding down the door to sit against the door. He was guilt ridden. Sherlock was indeed an arsehole but he didn't deserve all the poison he spilled just now. From inside the room, he could hear Sherlock's shaky breaths and muffled sobs just for a few moments and he was sure Sherlock was trying to straighten himself up and maintain a casual persona. He could hear some movements from inside the room, something like the flap of the heavy Belstaff coat he had always heard back then when Sherlock was ready to go out, and then he heard the clink of the teacup against the coaster and some... slow shrieking of metal being rubbed against one another.
“Soon. I estimated he should wake up sometime in this hour. The doctor didn’t use too much anaesthetic on him, so it should wear out now,” Rosie was obviously not pleased with the answer, if her nose crinkle and forehead was anything to go by.
“LESTRADE! I’M UP ON THE ROOFTOP WITH THE CRIMINAL,”
"That was... incredible. Not that I expect less of you," John grins once he regained his breath fully. They laid side by side, looking into each other's eyes and amazed of how
Mycroft chuckled and without raising his head from the book, he answered "It's been a while since I had been using that code name," the casual tone in his voice annoyed Sherlock more because now he's on the receiving end of the humor.
The brain is an unreliable author even for the beholder. It will manipulate your memory, distorting it as long as it's done in an intricate manner. And that's when sometimes, your intuition and your heartfelt instinct comes into play to bring you to the truth.
"He doesn't eat what I bring him. Maybe
With the slam of the door, John slumped into his comfortable chair and Sherlock came out of the kitchen, hair clearly disheveled from raking his fingers through his hair multiple times, while tapping his phone quickly.
When the wound on his knuckles were covered with sanitized gauze, he realized that the blood just seemed to be too much for just a knuckle wound, but when he trailed his fingers towards the unbuttoned sleeve cuff, he sensed the tense growing in Sherlock, but no signs of protest, so he pushed up the sleeve and his heart broke. Under the dark coloured sleeve were lines and lines of self-inflicted cuts, but given the uneven lines, it was not from a knife but- John eyed some broken twigs and branched at Sherlock’s feet which was covered in some blood and he instantly looked up to properly see into the pale eyes that expressed the wonders of the galaxy, but when he did, it was… empty. Just… sadness and fear. None of the usual thrill and brilliance. He put his hand on the pale nape and pull him down slightly before wrapping his arms around the broken figure, in hopes to put him back together. But before he knew it, the shoulders he was hugging was starting to shake ever so slightly and Sherlock was holding back tears.
"John is that you?" the soft, soothing voice of the landlady echoed through the corridor and heard up the stairs. John heard the sound of rustling plastic downstairs and he assumed his presence might've rushed the lady into putting her stuff away. She came up minutes later, face despondent. And that made John's stomach twist inside.
“No, but I insist, Sherlock. You can’t expect me to leave you in the freezing cold for so long,” he finished wrapping the scarf around Sherlock, but kept his hands at the end of the scarf, looking at it with pure disappointment.
"If this is just an attempt to rub the incident to my face, then I'll just go. No use talking to you," Sherlock muttered in a short breath, the whole sentence rushed but lack of any of the usual weisenheimers. He was already stepping back from the car and about to turn back to the length of the sidewalk when Mycroft opened the car door.
John let out a sarcastic laughter and looked at Sherlock dead straight in the eyes. "Oh sorry. Yes, you're right. So
Pulling the curtain all the way through to hide himself, he asked from the tub through the thin barrier towards Sherlock.
He pulled Sherlock up in surprise while leaning him on the wall, and Sherlock instinctively wrapped his arms around John, both of them already quite breathless but too driven by lust to even stop. John slowly pushed the head of his cock in Sherlock and Sherlock's head fell back to rest on the wall, while he clawed at John's back. Once he was ball deep, he felt Sherlock move his hips subtly so he gave him what he wanted and began to thrust in and out.
"Well, you're fucking right, Sherlock, I wont be going out with her.. All I could focus on during the dates was how annoying the details
"Y-yes Sherlock. I like it. Fuck I like this. You're-" before he managed to compliment Sherlock on how he was good at this, he arched and released a choked moan when Sherlock pressed their body flushed together and begins to grind on him while his free hand snaked towards his hair and tugged on the short hair he could fit in his fist.
"Wh- Sherlock, I love you. You know that. We're best friends and-"
and nobody had any goddamn clue about who did it. This murderer must be a very professional one, highly trained, and good god he needed to be captured quick. Everyone was panicking, and of course everyone went to him, the great Mycroft Holmes who usually solved the government problems, asking him to track down any signs of this assassin. He had sent spies into various gangs and mafias in his knowledge, and none came back with even a speck of lead. This was getting rather interesting. For once in a blue moon, he'd came across a highly intelligent criminal. Dear lord, he felt like his brother trying to catch a criminal on a spree-
"I hope you're right, Mycroft,"
couldn't believe Sherlock have proper human emotions. Well, he
The simple knock Sherlock heard wasn't much of a scare for him but it did startle him out of his thoughts about whoever that room belonged to. He didn't hear any footsteps fading away-
He pushed the key through the hole, opening the door in a swift push. It was silent downstairs but he heard murmurs upstairs, maybe of the landlady and the detective, but it sounds like only Mrs. Hudson talking to herself. He swallowed back every words he had, suddenly doubtful of everything. But he made his way to the steps anyway, avoiding the creaky step. And alas it's true once he reached the first floor and gave a few light knocks, that only Mrs. Hudson was there. And she was so pleasant to see John. Maybe she didn't know what happened last night.
"Brother, do you really think he will act nicely if he ever get you back, knowing that you failed your mission?" he spat out these words while raising his eyebrow, as if stating the obvious but
"Why didn't you call me? You could talk to me," John asked gently as he rubbed Sherlock's shoulder when he saw how much he'd been shivering on the chair.
, a scripted answer. Of course he uses the friendliness and coldness to his advantages in many cases but it is an advantage for him personally as well. Being cold lets him get away with feeling too much emotion which are very much bothersome.
He was beginning to feel ever the more frustrated because he got so many information but barely any clue of who he should be believing in at the moment. He walked back to his bed and started to scavange through his old assassin clothes that was folded on his bed, for a very particular item. It was just a simple embellished, posh brooch in the shape of a reindeer head.
Last he clapped eyes on that precious doctor was on the night of his wedding, after he deduced Mary's pregnancy-the third Watson that would eventually be the permanent glue between the couple. The thought that he definitely had no chance for John anymore was tremendously hurtful and he just couldn't be reminded by the idea, so he left, early.
"Everybody have a soft spot for kindness and hey put more trust onto friendly figures with information they seek for. That, for me as a consulting detective, is an advantage. I use a friendly facade to solve cases and maintain a cold one in the other times because it's not as necessary outside of cases. It's as simple as that, John, that even a brain like yours could've form an answer like that," That, even for him, felt like a scripted answer. It, in a way,
They couldn't even argue about it. Because Sherlock looked calm and content like that, leaving with the sight of the people who had been there for him in the depths of life. And he left with a vow from Greg, that he won't ever forget the detective who always intentionally mispronounce his name. No tears of sympathy. Just good memories to revisit. He made a vow, one that didn't break Sherlock more.
was how bad it got. It's only been three weeks since the dreaded day, a.k.a the wedding of the Watsons. Greg said that John still cared about him but to this date, he hadn't bothered to either visit, or even text Sherlock.
"Sherlock, if you were yourself, you wouldn't be locked up in here!"
"This is some bloody fucked up shit, I can tell you that," he sighed and leaned back in his chair, crossing his legs and looked at nothing in particular, just in the space between them. When Lestrade doesn't seem to have any more remarks to make, it was finally John's turn to talk, and Mycroft was in a way scared of what he would say. He
"Thank you for the clothes and tea. I'll leave as soon as I can, and stay out of your life," he said with a low but cold voice, keeping his head low.
Sherlock Holmes was engaged to someone so mediocre as the loyal Dr. John Watson. The shock receded quickly, and the man was in full doctor mode. Eerie how all medical staffs had that ability and reminded of how John had always took care of him professionally back then. He was finally granted access into the vehicle, and frantically went beside John, holding his hand tightly as if the pressure was the only thing that could keep him alive and to keep himself grounded. The heart monitor was steadily but slowly beeping, imitating John’s heartbeat. The respiratory rate was below normal, but not critical. Almost critical. Anywhere below normal is never good.
“Th-the hospital… Did he… Is he in rehabilitation center?”
"You don't. Now shut up. I have a woman to go back to, and you have the whole of London to impress again. People coming to your door and complimenting you for everything. That's heaven for you isn't it?" John gave a mocking smile, insincere. Sherlock had to zip his own mouth to not reply to that, to not say how heaven isn't heaven for him without John. But the little hope he had earlier was completely obliterated by a few phrases of words from the man he cared too much for. But if it's not reciprocated, what's the point of trying again?
“John, I really can’t… I shouldn’t let you under my skin again, because it hurts to love someone who doesn’t seem to appreciate what you did and see you as someone so
"Will you be still living here on occasions?"
. He didn't want to know, he really didn't. No involvement, no nothing. But curiosity got the better of him, because he asked himself
"Can... can we pretend just for one day, that you're mine?"
, especially hearing Sherlock swear during this session which was undeniably sexy as hell. Everything was perfect. John being in complete awe was unable to respond in the few seconds between them so Sherlock proposed the idea in a different paraphrase, that shows his eligible dominant side.
After a few minutes he stood staring at the empty walls of the hallway, deep in thought, he walked again towards Mycroft's office. When he entered and was greeted by an anxious Lestrade, he sat down on his chair and let out a heavy sigh.
John stepped back a few steps and stayed silent for a few seconds before managing to mutter out words of truth, "
John couldn’t help himself from the thoughts alongside some self-loathing. He had asked Mrs Hudson to care for Rosie for the night and most probably the next day because he needed to settle whatever feud this was with Sherlock.
"We're going to bring him back".
. He turned it around and see a picture of himself-a candid photo of him smiling. He remembered that moment when John took out his phone to take a picture of the scene but maybe he accidentally pressed the snap button and captured his smile instead.
"Don't try to push me away now, young man. Go and clean up so I can put on fresh bandages on you," she said firmly and put aside the food and cups aside, pulling Sherlock towards the bathroom. She reminded him to just come to the living room straight after for her to try and treat the wounds. Worried as she is, she needed to help because no one seemed to be around to do so. Sherlock complied nevertheless, intentionally taking more time in the shower than he needed to, which was already so long. In addition of taking off the bandage stuck to the wounds and having to be extra cautious with it, it was already taking ages. Mrs. Hudson didn't complain anyway. She spent the time to clean up the flat a bit for being abandoned for too long.
telling me this!" he clenched his hair and let out a long exasperated sigh. "You're-you're just trying to make him look bad to me, because you don't like him". Mycroft stood up and goes directly in front of Sherlock, talking in a dangerously low tone, "just as he did with me, John and the others".
Finally Mycroft broke the news to the ones who had always believed in Sherlock, even believed that he really did died two years previous to this unexpected reunion.
"But it's always the two of us against the rest of the world, right? You had her because you wanted to overcome grief. You don't have to anymore! Just come back to 221B and I can make up for the two years". It's humiliating for Sherlock to beg like this, but in his mind, he's desperate. He had paved the way through torture and dirt, to keep the people he loved safe. And he made sure he survived to go back to John.
"A few days ago. His brother picked him up,"
“Yes, of course I do,” he said as he placed his large hands on John’s cheeks when he saw that John’s eyes started to water, not wanting to believe that he had heard what he did, because he didn’t want to lose the moment nor to suddenly wake up from a deceptive dream. He gently placed a feather light kiss on John’s creased forehead and John’s tear fell the instant he felt the warm contact on his temple. He thought he had lost everything along with Sherlock, but in just a few little moments like these, everything was somehow magically rebuilt. Maybe they can fix the cracks in their pottery, or even fill them with gold and preserve the cracks that had taught them the value of each other. Maybe not everything done was ever archaic anymore. It was finally full of meaning.
"Because, I would just be a bother. You have Mary now," he sighed. As painful as it is to say it, it's the truth. John looked away for a second, as if punched with a guilty realization.
. I am sorry, brother dear, but I am positive that he's not interested in you as much as you think. You're just one of his spare tools,"
“Where is he, Mrs. Hudson?”
Poor Mrs. Hudson. She doesn't know how much tension would soon to come from that simple approval.
"Not hungry. You can take back my lunch
“I… How would I have recognized my value in someone else’s life? It’s so very foreign to me, to have people not using you for benefit all the time,” Sherlock was properly shaking, and holding back tears and moisture. His visions are blurry but God forbid his voice to be as blurry and shaky.
They just came back from Scotland Yard after spending a whole night there, helping Lestrade finish up some paperwork because half of that had Sherlock to blame. He was too eager to catch the killer until he cause major casualties on the crime scene and he needed to settle all the paperwork to reason and clean up his name so he wont get any sentence for it.
“Nothing happened to me, John. I seem to be indestructable,” Sherlock uttered while he boiled the water while letting the rest of the sentence mumbled from his lips,
“Thank you, Mycroft,” he thanked with a very audible sigh, as he ended the call.
“People who
"No, Sherlock. Just curious as to why bother?"
. That was the last message from him that he had gotten through his earpiece before he went underground. When he came upon the large, obviously heavy high quality door, he realized the door was unlocked and proceeded to eavesdrop for any signs of movement, to which there isn't. He crept into the room slowly to confirm his theory that the room was empty. The unusually familiar room was familiar, and the fact itself made him uneasy but he brushed off the thought because he's only there for work. Not to entertain the thoughts in mind about the place.
"I suppose,"
Like any rational person, he took his time to process all of what he saw, forming his own conclusion. And yet all the conclusions he made was to give himself a reassuring pat in the back. 'Sherlock's is on a case in other part of London', 'He's spending his nights at Bart's for something', 'Maybe he's in the yard to look over cold cases Lestrade handed over'. All to avoid thinking the worst case scenario. And god knows how long he spent dwelling in his own mind, because he heard the front door closed. First person he thought of that went through that black door was Sherlock. His Sherlock.
“You said that… you shouldn’t have come back. Why?”
"Don't think I didn't know you wanted that criminal woman. But I've had enough of you jerking off to anyone else but me, because you're the only one in my mind when I do. I want fairness and I know you will give it. Because deep down," he lowered his voice as he let his dressing gown fall to the floor. "I know you want me".
"I haven't seen you in a while," he tried to put on a professional smile but all he got was a glance from Sherlock before his attention turned back towards his untouched lunch.
“Ri-right. Thank you, John,”
"I am the Detective Inspector of Scotland Yard, which hopefully you remember which place I'm talking about. You always helped me on cases and I suppose we have known each other for quite a while. Give or take, 9 years," Sherlock didn't at all looked impressed by the explanation, though.
Mycroft had let them stay in his room because he still had to fix the mess his brother made of the murders, also giving them room to discuss and digest the newly obtained information. While drinking their complimentary scotch, Lestrade finally broke the silence between the two men.
In a distance, he heard the familiar hoot that Mrs. Hudson always does. At least that made him smile a bit and decide to get up. She was the person that truly stuck with Sherlock, like a mother figure too. And so Sherlock went out to present himself in a shabby fashion-hair ruffled and dressing gown loosely hanging from one shoulder. Mrs. Hudson was with her uplifting smile and her giddy pitch, offering the morning tea to Sherlock.
"She will. She knew me and her wasn't meant to be. Troubles happen to often between us,"
know the real Moriarty he claimed to be.
“John. What-”
"Oh really?" Lestrade scoffed before continuing, "You have
”If you’re sure,”
Sherlock dragged a chair and placed it beside the bed for him to sit as close as he can with John, to make sure he’s there when John wakes up. Mrs. Hudson offered to distract Rosie for a bit and give Sherlock time to spend with John, although unconscious. He took John’s hand that was connected with the respiratory clip and intertwine their hands together.
"Dear lord, what did I do to deserve you?"
One of the staff came over to check up on Sherlock, and to bring in some food for him. Upon seeing John inside the room, she spoke up loud enough for him to hear.
," A bit harsh, but he's not in any positive mood in this state. John pursed his lips at this treatment.
He was all sorted, with his black suit and assassin clothes that fits all his favorite tools used in any of his work of arts. Fast forward to when he reached London, straight to Lord Moran's office to get the rest of his briefings for the case. He got six codenames, complete with their exact schedules regarding of their whereabouts and of when they'll be there, in order to make these murders a swift one.
"The worst part now is that he doesn't remember anything. He thinks we are monsters under the bed, and we don't love him. He trusts Moriarty like his own partner," he spoke this out slower than usual. "You said
“I… I prefer not to talk about it,” of course. Sherlock Holmes is the guy who hates not knowing things. He took John’s wrist in his grip and kept his gaze fixed on John, trying to see any signs of deceit from what he would say.
for him. Him being more fit isn't a problem but he was severely deprived and it showed on his body and his skin. Speaking of which-
“Am I really
"Your coldness and stubbornness was what caused Mary's death! Of course I bloody deserve the goddamn information!" The sharp tip of the pen dug into the notepad a bit upon receiving the vile statement.
There were pictures of the three Watsons with a newer version next to it that didn't have Mary in it. Looking forward, he saw a bigger frame with Mary's picture painted with monochromatic colours, with text underneath which he didn't bother reading because that would've hurt, considering he was involved in causing her depart from this world.
With whatever energy he still had, Sherlock did try to reach out to Greg with his shaking hand, managing to weakly grasp onto his lower arm with the cold fingertips. He was breathing heavily, and his chest hurt so much to the point he really wanted to be a child again, whining to his mother in pain as if he just fell and cut his knees. But no, he was clinging onto life, and he couldn't whine to Death of how he didn't want to go yet. His two verdigris eyes were scanning Greg over and over again, having to blink a few times because his focus kept going out.
“John, please wake up,” he was now properly sobbing, but thankfully none of the medics with him said a word and busied themselves by looking after John’s condition.
"Are you one of the person I died for, then?"
"Yes, I am,"
“JOHN!!!”
“I said; you SHOULD BE!” John had never heard Sherlock raised his voice that high, and in addition to that - so full of anger, it made John want to cower in the corner somewhere, like a terrified puppy.
"Bandage? He's... hurt?" he asked slowly, not knowing where this would lead to. He's just curious.
Of course he didn’t answer. He’d be tired of John by then. His only response to John’s question was moving to a nearby bench and continued with his smoking.
"I thought my well-being is rather obvious, even for you,
"Thank you. And thank her for me. It's... nice of you two to worry even during your Sex Holiday,"
"I do"
“You know that’s not true, at least I know it isn’t.”
"What do you think?" he doesn't quite fancy Sherlock's constant 'question as answer' method but that was what he had to deal with all these years so he's letting it pass. A bit flustered, he slowly slipped his hand to intertwine it neatly with Sherlock's larger hand, tucking it in place and Sherlock squeezed his hand ever so slightly almost so protectively. When they both comfortably held hands on their way to the food truck, John couldn't keep a smile off his face and noticed neither could Sherlock.
"Don't pretend like you care, suddenly. Just go," he got in the car and glanced back at John for a split second before insisting the driver to drive away quickly.
convinced even the most important people in his life that he was dead-committed suicide-because he was fake. How the fuck are we supposed to take this information as it is?! No, I can't accept this! For god's sake, you control all the computers, systems and contacts all around London, how come there wasn't any other option but to let us live a lie?" he had to take a pause, because everything was just overwhelming. The lies, the terrible,
“Sherlock-”
"I'm glad you enjoyed it as much as I did," he said, resting one hand on John's cheek before kissing him sweetly. "I-I never thought all if this was possible in any way," gesturing randomly when he said it. John was smiling at him tiredly the whole time, but a genuine one, while cleaning up his mess with a tissue from the night stand.
Donovan’ chuckle that was unsuccessfully (but purposely) hid under a pretentious cough was what had brought Sherlock out of his thoughts. He broke the unfocused eye contact he had with John throughout his train of thoughts and only managed to fix his gaze on the tarmac. He will not be an image of another emotional breakdown, so he covered it all up with his infamous cold expression before looking up to John who surprisingly looked like he was physically punched in the gut. Seeing all the barriers Sherlock had put down since their friendship had started being rebuilt in mere seconds had stirred something in John’s stomach. He felt sick, and he wanted more than anything in the world to take back what he said because even himself knows he had said all of those hurtful comments without thinking about Sherlock, who is honestly just a human with high intellect and emotions too. He had only reminisce on all the bad news he had received over the years and somehow pinpoint Sherlock as the main culprit, although that’s not so true, now is it?
"Sherlock, please. I'm sorry," A bit too forced of a tone, but he needed to get this across. Sherlock sucked a breath and muttered his response.
"You know, everything nice that happened between you and almost everyone are usually fake and you never cared how it affected your... Lab rats for this social experiment of some sort. What made you like this?" he fiddled with the handle of his teacup, looking intently into Sherlock's direction. He could only sigh at this question, knowing it would as well start a petty banter between the two men and wake the poor sleeping Rosie in another room. Carefully, he revert his focus back to the slide of sample under the lens of the microscope, while adjusting the height of the sample to get a sharp microscopic image to be recorded.
charming, John!"
“For once, Sherlock, for one fucking moment, could you act normal and stop being such a freak?! All you did was ruin my life and you’re ruining everyone else’s by being, well, you! So stop it, okay? Stop being whatever it is you are, polite term being ; a freak,”
"Shut up, John,"
"The same thought in my mind before, but... we can make it a reality now," he looked into Sherlock's eyes lovingly, admiring the Crab Nebula pattern in the sharp gaze.
Sherlock. His guilty pleasure, as one would put it. He didn’t realize the cab had stopped if it weren’t for the cabbie’s signal; the classic throat clearing. He paid for the ride without asking for a change and went straight to the dimly lit bench before freezing in spot a few meters away. He’s very much nervous, so he decided to scan the surrounding beforehand (though he was sure Sherlock knew he arrived). The exact bench was the one with the dimmest light shone over it and the one with the biggest tree as shelter if it were to rain. The tree seemed… wet. But from that distance plus the lighting he couldn’t make out what was the fluid adorned on the sides of the tree. He carefully made his way towards Sherlock and when he was close enough, he could make out that the fluid on the tree was blood. Fresh blood. Panicked, he moved so he was properly in front of Sherlock and had his suspicion confirmed. The blood was his.
When his body stopped convulsing and was static on the ground except for soft, shaky breaths, one of the man in the team took out a pair of handcuffs to restrain the now slumped body. Hesitating, they finally decided to take off the mask off his face and when they did, they looked at each other in a mix of pity, confusion and misplaced guilt. No wonder their boss didn't want them to shoot. He recognized him, of course he would. It's his own brother. They confiscated the weapons Sherlock had with him before dragging his limp body out of the building and into a black car to be sent out to a confinement.
a gun wouldn't suffice, so he carefully withdrew a spare Gerber Mark II dagger from underneath his coat and rested his gun hand on top of the one holding the dagger firmly. He would rather prefer a twisted bayonet dagger but this rare dagger was rewarded to him just after his one year of service. He'd see it as good luck, even though he doesn't really believe in luck. He shook off the train of thoughts in his mind and leaned just a little bit onto the wall to make sure the door wouldn't hit his face full force if the person outside kicked in with maximum energy, and kept his sight to the door.
"Alright. Goodluck, John. I'll be waiting here," he gave a friendly pat on his shoulder before seeing John off out the office door. He was nervous
Making his way through the hallway towards the room at the back, he noticed the pictures hanging on the wall. Family portraits, memorable pictures with friends, there's one with Mike Stamford and another with Lestrade, or even Rosie's godmothers. He doesn't know the others.
. But, he also recognized the owner of the house.
"Ack- Yes! Fuck, there- Shitt-" he cried and repetitively pants hard when Sherlock complied to keep the angle that would be dynamic, hitting his prostate adequately with every hard thrust. John was moaning so loud, the neighbors might have heard him being fucked into ecstacy. Both of them could feel the pressure at the base of their spine and cocks and Sherlock increased his pace, driving himself in John rather aggressively.
"Sir, if you would follow me. I shall bring you to your meeting venue," he turned back around and walked in long strides inside the building. John and Lestrade had no other option but to follow the guardsmen because standing outside cluelessly wont help whatsoever. Fear and anticipation in heart, they finally reached an office-like door after walking through some corridors and past many rooms. One guard knocked on the door and stepped aside to give room for the two confused men to enter when he heard a faint but strict voice say
“Bye Janine. See you after work,” he smiled then went in for a soft yet kind of wet kiss.
No answer. Not even a nod nor a hum. He glanced at Sherlock’s pale hand on his chest and realized one missing detail that had hit him so hard in the chest. He wasn’t wearing the ring. Glancing around, he noticed the shiny ring placed on top of a folded silk cloth on his bedside table. But it was partially covered by the cloth - as if contemplating whether or not to remember those memorable day of the proposal. Beside the ring was a faced-down picture frame. With much hesitation, John turned the frame over to see the glass of the frame was broken and had bits of dried blood on it - punched it, maybe - and the picture inside was torn apart but with whatever was left of the photo was enough for John to make out what picture it was. It’s a picture of all of them in 221B. A picture of Sherlock, John, Mary and Rosie. It was the only picture they had together, of course he would’ve recognized it. But now it was torn apart, missing a large piece of it and was bloodied, as if reflecting the condition of Sherlock’s heart.
John still needed to solve his little problem, but he just couldn't at all focus on the woman's figure anymore. The only thing in his head was only a few steps away from him.
"But he's back now. For you!" Mary lowers her tone, trying to shift her own mood to be of comfort and more positive. "You owe him an apology, John"
"You're... You're John Watson?" John followed suit and mirrored Sherlock's action to walk closer to the glass.
With a glass of nearly finished scotch in his hand, he gestured the two men to the seat in front of him. "Please, have a seat". Both of them walked towards their respective seats, each with their own skeptical expression.
, John is really curious. Sherlock didn't really explain what he did during the two years. Just that Moriarty had to be stopped. But that's as far as he said. No details. John sat down on his old armchair, making himself cozy and telling Mrs. Hudson that he'll be waiting for Sherlock, which she agreed to without a second thought.
“I… I’m not sure,” he said as he caressed Rosie’s hair, shushing her sobs softly.
“Because I’m real, Sherlock. Please, just look at me and deduce. I’m real,” he kept Sherlock’s head fixed in a way that his eyes will look at him, and thankfully the blue eyes was moving frantically, deducing his existance. It didn’t take long before Sherlock had made a conclusion, in the form of tears.
to be the first, of all people," he pulled Sherlock in for a long kiss and moaned in his mouth when he felt Sherlock teasing his entrance with his lubed up fingers. When he felt his finger breach the ring of muscles, John's breath hitched and Sherlock put one hand on his cheek, caressing it and asked him to keep eye contact, relaxing himself. All the while Sherlock moved his fingers, he tenderly kissed John to make sure he's relaxed enough for him to add another finger or two, efficiently opening him up.
lovely John Watson.
"I don't think so. Well, I don't know but I assume she's not. I like her, but there's nothing interesting in it for me and I'm sure she thinks the same of me," he said with as much uneasiness as John was when he was considering the possibility of his proposal to be rejected. They exchanged a few more words and smiles and reassurances until the hour had passed. It was finally the time for John to serve lunch for Sherlock, and he'd be lying if he said he wasn't even the slightest nervous to finally see Sherlock after two years of not being face to face with the mad genius, if that's even him anymore.
"Then we need to solve your problem then. Because someone seems very excited already to be examined thoroughly," he purposely end the sentence with his deep baritone that could have made John come on the spot. As obvious as this turn on was, Sherlock would want him to take it slow and be properly pleasured. As John runs his hand up and down Sherlock's back, the fly of his pants was opened and in mere seconds he was bare. Sherlock catalogued what he could in his mind of the rest of John's figure before aiming for John's nipple and latching himself there, sucking and flicking his tongue on it respectively and simultaneously rubbing John's dick. It seemed like the simple touch had John lost for words, actually lost for any voice to be sounded. Of course, this actually worries Sherlock a bit because if he was off to a good start perhaps John should have been more... noisy? Or at least some remarks or intelligible noises. He stops his hand movements and diverted his sight towards John through his raven eyelashes.
"I've done my part. Surely I could go back home, Graham" he replied as a matter of factly, and shamelessly took another long drag in front of Greg, who was one of the people who kept him off of it long ago.
," he looked away when he finished reminiscing the memories together before he fell to his so-called death. "You're Sherlock Holmes, the infamous consulting detective."
the doctor in him fussed before he packed up the medical kit and stood up along with Sherlock, handing him his untouched coffee.
“J-John? It’s… Why are you here? Why-” he began to mumble incoherently, obviously confused. After a few moments, he quieted down and began crying, hard, as if he had kept the tears welled up since the day of the incident. John stood up and slowly wrapped his arms around a very thin Sherlock, trying to calm him down. He didn’t know what to say at that moment, so he just hummed and shushed slowly, as if calming a child.
"He faked his death! Who is even in the right mind would do that?!"
to this so such questions left awkward heaviness in the air. John gave him a warm, apologetic smile before kissing the side of his lips before finally speaking up.
Mycroft reminded them before letting a pause set between the two orders that would set their plan in action. The silence hung between everyone inside and outside of the room-the calm before the storm.
but he set the destruction upon everyone else, himself included. Neither brother had the courtesy to face him to tell him, or at least give him a sort of hint, that he didn't have to cry from grief. It was all for nothing, and swear to god, he never wanted to cry for Sherlock anymore by that time, no matter what the circumstances were. He took the remaining one glass and drank all the alcohol in it in one tilt and slammed it back on the table. He had lost Mycroft in the middle of the conversation with Lestrade, and only managed to hear the last bit of it.
"Which is?" she asked, not satisfied with how he handles the situation. But she didn't know what she had expected, honestly, because she wasn't given an answer. All he gave was a quick glare. It was clear that the conversation found it's full stop for the night. She turned to the back car window, seeing Sherlock eyeing the cab driving away. And he didn't look anything like what she saw from the restaurant or even before in the papers. He looked hollow. Just within a few seconds of looking back at the lanky man, he just turned around, walking in slow steps to the opposite direction, head low and chest heaving. She saw the side of Sherlock that John always refused to believe-the vulnerable child starving of affection, but only got dust.
He’s clutching his right hand with his gloved left in an attempt to stop the bleeding but it served no purpose whatsoever. It only helped him feel more pain, and distract him from the one inside his chest. A distraction was what he needed then and there. Pain might’ve been a very bad choice, so he looked up the sky. Judging from how clear the sky was, it must be somewhere around after 2 in the morning. He took off his left leather glove to retrieve his phone from his coat pocket, and as if on queue, a ping was heard. Hesitantly, he grabbed the phone and glancing quickly at the time before reading whatever notification had came in. 03:47a.m. It’s so late for him to be out at this time. No wonder he was freezing. He glanced downwards and saw a name he never would’ve expected. He had expected Mycroft’s meddling because like Sherlock, he just doesn’t sleep. It was a text that made him as anxious as he is relieved about it.
Mycroft only looked unimpressed by this revelation, but also looked sad in a split second because Sherlock truly believed that no one cared about him. Back to his cold persona again, he finally spoke.
Sherlock had heard the familiar voice that visited him all those days just outside the door, but he had fallen over when his knees gave out. He took a little too much that day, his desperation got the best of him. The need to shut his mind off from self loathing was too much that day and that had him injecting, consuming an amount that'd supposedly could fight those off. But little did he know, that it might just have a more permanent effect. In his mind, he was terrified, but also partly anticipating the end. Maybe it's for the best.
"What was that, hm?" Mary questioned John's behavior, and she will all over again unless she get the answer she so clearly wants.
"Thank you, John. For loving me for who I am," he kissed John's forehead softly and full of gentle love. "And for making me realize that life was worth living," John was smiling at this, moreover when he saw that Sherlock's eyes was glassy.
“Will he be okay?” with a sigh, Sherlock placed one hand on top of Rosie’s head and softly pat her head.
“No it’s not that I don’t want to, but…”
being in that situation, and he regretted nothing for accepting the offer earlier to go out. It was as right as it can be, just like two puzzle pieces that fitted together perfectly. Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
Sherlock was smug, emotionless, just picking the end of the towels he had. While Mrs. Hudson was near tears wrapping him up. When she was done with that, she gave a lovely, feather-light touch to his cheek and smiled, thinking it might give him something positive for the day. And only when Mrs. Hudson walked down the stairs, John eventually said something to Sherlock, first time in the day.
“Wait a second… You… You have a girlfriend?” John finally spoke with genuine curiosity in his voice, and hints of surprise in it too.
"What, Sherlock?" Goddamit, Sherlock. Can't he disturb him another time?
"Will you be okay?"
"How can I believe you when all these times, for me it's always you but that doesn't apply to you, does it? So why tell me now?"
"Show me your wrist," John knew Mycroft mentioned this concern during their briefing, but he let it pass because he was too confused and frustrated to even process new information at that moment. Sherlock, with a blank face, pulled up his sleeves to show the deep carving of "JW", deep enough to risk his own life. Sherlock looked down at the scar clearly in deep thought, most probably questioning himself about
“Another chance? How many more do you want? A thousand more? Sure, John! But do you think that will change anything?”
“Uhm… Yes. But I thought you were ‘the man without emotions’,” his remark made Sherlock stopped in his tracks to give a good glare at John.
say that about him!" he let his hand fall back to his side, suddenly giving up on trying to reach for the man in front of him. "I left you to save you, but Jim saved
John was now starting to tear up, because he could physically feel Sherlock slip away from him, that the man he loves the most in the world was fading from his life, and he himself was the very cause of it. He was too full of guilt to even realize that his eyes were watering. It wasn’t to fish for some sympathy but he saw how Sherlock’s eyes widen in disbelief and shock and he raised his hand to cover up his eyes.
"Fine. Fine, just wait here for a hundred years if you want. Go on wasting your life waiting for someone who doesn't even bloody care about you!" he got up and walked to the door in a frustrated manner, near stomping his way out. "I hope you get your sense back," nodding a farewell to Sherlock, he stepped out of the confinement.
“Oh God, John no! Please be okay. SOMEONE BRING MEDICS HERE! PLEASE! Please…” the last word barely came out as he held back his tears while cradling John’s head on his lap, giving a proper position for blood flow.
"Safe from Moriarty? I feel safe
. Is that it? Because I think you held me captive long enough here" his voice had the old childish behavior back, his technique to get people to get things done quicker because the longer he used the tone, the more annoying it gets. "Oh and can I have morphine? For the pain?" Lies. Partly a lie. Or technically the truth. It was for pain, both physical and emotional. Numbing. Perfect. All of them in the room was hesitant, but then they prescribed a very controlled amount for Sherlock, and Mycroft was sure to have surveillance on his usage. Seeing him in this state to ask for morphine was something to keep an eye on. Danger night could be any night if it's Sherlock. When they eventually agreed on the dose and had the documents for his discharge signed, Sherlock was unusually giddy about going back home to his flat. But Mycroft knew better why he was excited to be in his own privacy, away from general sight and away from naggings of anyone ever. Especially now he got his hands on his addictions. God knows how many more he hid in his house. Mycroft had dropped his younger brother off to 221B with a sigh, warning Mrs. Hudson too about a possible usage for the week, or month, and also about the scars.
“Thank you,”
It was intentional, but Sherlock flinched a little at the soft touch, that was supposed to be calming, and that had him on edge. In a rather failed attempt to hide the reflex, he stood up a bit too hastily and tried to divert the conversation elsewhere and distract John from what happened.
"Do you want to die before trying? Is your old life worth nothing to you?"
"Oh Sherlock..." he sighed, resigned, when he saw the man walking back through the front door, greeted by a concerned Mrs. Hudson. He just hoped for the best for his little brother.
"We're we close?" he placed his palm against the glass and looks at him up and down, deducing his lifestyle from whatever he could gather. John put down the food tray somewhere near him and made sure he still had a safe distance between the glass and him as advised by the sign telling people to keep a healthy 1-3m distance from the glass.
"My eyes are the most accurate pair you can find, and I meant it when I say you're beautiful," he formed a little, genuine smile before kissing him passionately and continued by trailing the kiss downwards, leaving John in anticipation all the way. When he's down to his desired target, he glanced up at John as if to ask for permission, in which John nodded and urging him to go on. Licking the tip ever so slightly, John shivered when he felt his hot breath on his dick and the velvety tongue that slowly covered his throbbing hardness. It takes every strength in him to
He'd had to risk it, because he needed to stay alive. Slowly, while clutching onto himself in hope it would help warm up, he made his way to the wooden door and knocked on the door loudly-or rather banging on it. After a few seconds, he could hear someone working on the locks of the door and ocean blue eyes peeked from the gap between door and the frame before widen in shock (and maybe horror).
his where about from the information you had already received. Stuck somewhere for a few months; a treatment facility. What kind of facility is it, when you consider the major event that had happened in this time period, Dr Watson?”
or think is so wrong to you-to everyone?" he walked back to his bed and sighed as he sat down, avoiding any sort of eye contact. "Don't bother answering the question, then as it clearly frustrates you so much to even be in this room,"
Sherlock led Janine to the door after the whole charades that happened right before about finding him in a drug den (obviously not clean). One month. One bloody month and that was how they were reunited; being exposed to ALL of their
. What are you planning to do with me, then? Kill me?"
"So was I, to know my welcoming gift was a punch and insults,"
"Right. Okay," he didn't take off his jacket when he reached home earlier, so he waited for Sherlock by the door, unnecessarily nervous. He was just a regular man, invalidated from Afghanistan, and was asked out by the craved Sherlock Holmes? Shit can't possibly be real right now. Could be a trick, or maybe just a bloody social experiment.
“Mr. Holmes, is it?” Sherlock just nodded quickly, anticipating his coming words. The doctor looked over at Mrs. Hudson and little Rosie and nodded, as a courtesy of acknowledgement, before looking back at Sherlock, who was now standing up, visibly fatigue. The doctor smiled at him and Sherlock relaxed greatly, knowing that there wasn’t any dire situation.
"Not surprising, considering it was you habitual routine to come barging into my office when you have a demand in mind, or just to annoy me from time to time. You
"Well, doctor. Who's going to be examined today? Me? Or... you?" at this point Sherlock was already letting his hand wander lightly down his torso, resting his hand on top of John's obvious erection which had earned him a silent whine from John. He licks the sensitive spot under John's earlobe and elected a moan and grins when he felt John hardening under his gentle touch. In a rather quick motion, John had pulled him to the sofa and Sherlock was now horizontally above him.
He never had any problems with people calling him a freak, obviously, because if anything, it was because they ran out of vocabulary to properly describe him. Donovan’s accusation had come a long way before John, it had became a routine for her and for Sherlock to coolly respond with a smart remark. But John, his dear John, the one who made him feel actually worth something and not just a tool to solve problems, had call him a freak. A freak.
“So was it all archaic then?”
“Why are you doing this to me, John? I-I don’t know how to deal with these hurricanes of emotions I’m currently feeling and I hate this,” he said in merely a whisper, but given the distance between them, John could hear each and every word from Sherlock’s shaking mouth.
"That's good. How long are you two together now?"
“John. Your therapy session is starting soon. Are you finished yet?” Oh right. John was attending therapy for his anger management and couples’ therapy. Sherlock didn’t like the term couple, because they aren’t, yet. He’d prefer if they rebuild everything beforehand, before diving into an actual relationship and patch up every hidden wound and appreciate every scar if they were to commit to each other. He had done his part. Now it’s John’s turn. If it weren’t for Sherlock, he wouldn’t attend any therapy session. But it’s the least he could do - comply to what he asked of John.
damn thing took you two bloody years, for god's sake! You could have at least said something earlier, or let us know earlier! That would tremendously help to not have this come as a shock to either of us," he sighed and put both his hands at the sides of his head. "Two years. And now you made contact just to let us know Sherlock is back.
"Two years, more or less, and there's more about our relationship,"
So, his best friend was never dead, huh. Right. That's bloody
"Sorry isn't enough, Sherlock. Not for letting me believe you're dead for two years," the betrayal just displayed so clearly in both his eyes and his tone. John was clenching his fists repeatedly, just as his way of trying to hold back a punch.
cancelled out on him. He probably be apologizing a lot for ending the date early, as a typical date with him would last until the end of the night or sometimes until the next morning.
It would not be an easy task, but he needed to break the news of Sherlock's return to John, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson. Maybe he'd lead only the two men to his office and inform Mrs. Hudson personally at 221B Baker Street. She was in fact an aged woman, might as well give her the comfort of home upon receiving a discomforting information. He needed to let the cat out of the bag, because he needed their cooperation to bring back the old Sherlock.
“John?” he took the hand on his head in his, before pressing the button on a remote beside the bed.
When Sherlock regained his full focus again from the orgasm, he leaned forward, with John still inside him, and gave a passionate kiss to John, which John happily kissed back with the same eagerness in it.
because John Watson was the kind of person to seek a closure for everything. And he was, as always, right, when he saw John entered the kitchen with guilt plastered across his face.
