there, and Marcus’ companionship was too dear to throw away; especially since it was well known that his impulse and emotional control was impaired. John had decided to forgive him, but really he wondered if Marcus was able to forgive himself. John had no doubt the plain and forthright man was at least partially aware of the wrongnessof his actions.
” John cried out, unable to keep silent any longer. This was quickly becoming more than a poorly controlled, hormonally fuelled scenting. This was becoming something else entirely. Flashes of Edward, Marcus, and every other Alpha who’d dared force themselves upon the Omega rushed to the forefront of his mind. His arousal waned, and the blood that was so diligently pooling below his belly was redirected into other channels, towards the heart and lungs in a fight or flight response he could not control. He needed to stop this now before he humiliated himself, or Sherlock did something he would certainly come to regret.
For the first time, John wondered exactly what kind of picture he made standing there; rumpled, clothes mussed, with pillow lines on his face from sleeping too long (though he was still unsure as to how long he was unconscious). He would have cringed under Sherlock’s smouldering gaze, if not for his righteous anger and primal urge to beat the bloody daylights out of the tall man. As it was, he stuck his hands in his pockets innocently and waited for Sherlock to finish his conversation.
He really should have known better, but in the scuffle with the large Cigarette man, he lost his focus on his other attacker. Chalk it up to copious amounts of adrenaline affecting his short-term memory, but John was actually surprised to be seized from behind yet again. This was getting a little ridiculous. With a cry of rage, John threw himself backwards and slammed the other man into the wall, once…twice…three times before the man howled in pain and released his grip, finally slumping down the wall, and gasping for air.
It was Mycroft himself who spoke first, his thin lips pursed in about as unhappy a grimace as the normally expressionless man could muster. “Explain please, Dr. Watson.”
“Jimmy Price, you have his identification already, I know. Homeless, latent Omega and participating in that study I told you about three weeks ago. Do you remember?” Sherlock raised his eyebrows in a condescending fashion, knowing full well the DI probably had much on his plate and might not remember a stray comment from the apex Alpha that he only begrudgingly allowed on his crime scenes.
John wailed only once, as another rush of fluid pulsed from his entrance, coinciding with a twitch from his dick. God he had no idea,
The Alpha paused for a moment, finally lifting his tourmaline gaze from the brightly lit lenses of the scope. One thick, lanky curl half-obscured his right eye, before he turned and regarded Molly with an almost zealous expression.
The men shared yet another loaded glance, this time the other one moved his hand in front of his blazer to gently pull back the fabric and reveal a Taser strapped to a loop on his belt.
The detective let loose a rather exaggerated sigh, moving the hospital table (carrying the tray, et al) away from the side of John’s bed so he could scoot closer. He clasped one of John’s smaller hands in his own, bringing the knuckles to his cheek in a proprietary fashion. It wasn’t that he needed to scent the Omega - that had been taken care of every day, and quite thoroughly in fact. The room positively reeked of Alpha, a clinging and possessive presence that claimed John as taken and no mistake. However, this touch was gentle, speaking towards a trusting and pure love that John saw reflected in Sherlock’s parti-coloured eyes.
John barely managed not to roll his eyes - only Sherlock Holmes could propose a lifetime of shared love and commitment and make it sound like a business transaction.
The Alpha narrowed his eyes, his face taking on that intense look of concentration when he rapidly deduced a particularly convoluted puzzle.  Whatever he decided, whatever solution formed in his mind, he shared with no one. Sherlock flared his nostrils, inhaling deeply as he moved back towards John.
John Watson smiled in that curious way of his as he whipped his belt away from the loops of his trousers. He made a loop and grasped it at each end, snapping it loudly, just once, to make his point.
Sherlock gulped the last of the steaming tea in one large mouthful, burnt tongue be damned, and slammed it back down on the wooden tray, much to Mrs. Hudson’s dismay.
“Now…if I just wanted to make a call…” John furrowed his brow and sat cross-legged on the scuffed hardwood floor. Sherlock had not given him any kind of user manual, of course, so he would just have to make do on his own. The tip of his pink tongue protruded ever so slightly from his thin but well-shaped lips as he booted up areas of his brain filed under ‘electronics’ and ‘mobiles.’ There wasn’t much there.
John inched towards the bed now, as Sherlock paused not one metre from the Omega, chest heaving and huffing in pure instinctual response to his mate. John made no sudden movements as Sherlock now stood still, gaze fixed upon his Omega, the charged air between them crackling and sparking with energy. Slowly, John crawled onto the bed on all fours, making sure the slick from his entrance faced his Alpha. John knew it was reddened, engorged and swollen, tempting in its blood suffused beauty.
Unfortunately, strangers weren’t supposed to haunt your dreams, or break down the carefully constructed brick and mortar walls of your heart. The inside of John’s chest felt raw and delicately fragile, like his heart had been replaced with nothing more than a replica made of wax paper and string - easily cut and easily torn.
“Yeah,” John laughed softly, flexing his bad leg and only barely managing not to wince at the ache it produced. “Of course you’re my best friend.”
Sherlock nearly growled again, as if the memory of John’s injuries that first night that he’d hauled an unconscious John Watson to his flat triggered more pain than he could bear.
“I know it sounds strange, but I’m trying to be careful, just letting us feel each other out. You did want me here, after all.”
The man’s breath whooshed out in a laughable yelp of surprise just as John raised his hips at a perfect angle to buck him off onto the ground.
Then it all came to him in one great, big rush of anamnesis, a tidal wave of sounds and thoughts that fell into his consciousness all at once, yet had been there all along.
Marcus didn’t go down all at once. He took the first shot full in the chest, staggering ever so slightly, but continued in his rampage towards John’s attackers. It wasn’t until the third and fourth bullet struck home that he fell. He fell in one thundering crash, displacing large puddles of water as he landed, on his back, his face turned towards John.
Brandy and Julia had come through with the cleaning equipment for their broken down, abandoned little bungalow. After a few days, it was almost presentable, and if one didn’t inhale too deeply, one could completely overlook the musty smell of bird’s droppings completely. Still, it was a place to work. Their little group had managed to rummage a bit and procure a few bits of furniture that wasn’t destroyed, waterlogged, or otherwise completely useless. It wasn’t much, just a folding table, a couple of stools and a very dented and chipped filing cabinet. John had made do with less once, in his RAMC days.
"I wasn't expecting company, as I'm sure you can see," John crossed the room and opened a haggard looking cabinet, pulling out an electric kettle of dubious cleanliness. "Do you take sugar? Milk?"
The Omega’s face dissolved into an expression of stony acceptance. He couldn’t say he was surprised, but he did feel a little objectified…which was actually nothing new when one was dealing with Alphas and the like. He forced himself to calm, breathing in to a count of five, and then exhaling to a count of the same. This little breathing exercise was probably the only useful thing Ella had ever taught him. But really…
Obviously, she meant to say more, but she cast her gaze downwards, fresh tears rolling down her cheeks. Her husband, a robust and strong looking Alpha, gathered her close.
He was, in fact, everything John was not – and this is why the blond chose to bend to his will. That, and his rather intense crush (he refused to call it love, though he knew it to be true) that refused to lessen no matter what the infuriating man did.
A sudden crash and a fierce, angry wail thundered out from behind the door to the hallway. John was shocked into stillness, and Jeremy looked immediately chagrined and so embarrassed that John instantly felt sorry for the young man.
John closed his eyes suddenly, wincing and forcing down a familiar, intrusive flash of limpid brown eyes in his mind. The vision stung like ice, burning along his spine, a feeling he’d only assigned to dreams and flashbacks of a cruel smile but warm, damp hands.
“Oh, don’t look like that. Most people are.” The Alpha practically squirmed inside his coat, his face just this side of truly irritated. “Idiots, I mean.”
. Army training or no, he was not in a condition to fight off any anyone, whether they be a burly Army bloke or a six year old with a nasty temper and fists full of Lego blocks.
It dawned on him then, after a moment of horrifying realization, that he knew exactly where this came from.
“Oh John,” Molly took his hand, her own appearing quite small and tender as she squeezed in comfort, “don’t do this. The doctor’s well…let me go fetch Sherlock. I know he will want to tell you everything. He’s been quite a nightmare actually. He goes from sitting outside your room, eyes open but completely unresponsive, to manic and frightening every poor soul in this place. Quite the par for him of course.”
“James - Jim - Moriarty contacted me first, about six years ago, in late autumn. Back then I’d only just been tinkering with the idea of non-sexual bonding...it was just a pipe dream, really,” John allowed his gaze to roam, letting it sweep away from Mycroft and dart about the room, “I’d recently lost my own bonded and just...the thought of ever being expected to bond with someone else was – well, unthinkable, I suppose. My Guide abilities were shattered, had been since Mary died. I was useless and looking for renewed purpose.”
He considered initial implantation into this cortex during the early stages of the programme, though he’d eventually set it aside as entirely too risky. The cortex was recently found to be connected to the limbic system, the reward and pleasure centre of the brain. Others had now pioneered orbitofrontal cortex implants as cures for addiction and compulsive behaviours (including sexual urges), yet John still eschewed this type of treatment for a more peripheral approach.
Sherlock stalked down Baker Street, head held low, errant locks of ebon hair haphazardly tousled by strong wintry winds. His coat billowed behind him, a dark cloud flapping in whorls and flips like the cracking of a whip. Those unfortunate enough to come across the stormy apex Alpha either gave him a wide berth or crossed the street entirely. The pheromones he emitted - no,
Important new information about the case, a bit of John's background, and introducing Molly Hooper!!
“Let’s just say I know what they like,” she winked at him slowly, as if they shared some private joke – a joke John knew absolutely nothing about, but wouldn’t be averse to finding out. He had nothing on after all…at least nothing he couldn’t heartlessly abandon.
"Nothing doing, darling." Finally satisfied with her selection, she deposited the clothing onto Sherlock's bundled torso. "Now, I want to see you downstairs in no less than twenty minutes, otherwise I'll have Kate come and drag you out by your ear – and I
John could be wrong, but the brunet appeared to stiffen, the languorous line of his body hardened and he purposefully did not look at the slight blond.
“You know what my Da says about your kind?” Ed’s lips turned up into a disarmingly innocent smile, and in another lifetime, John might have thought him handsome. “He says all you really need is a good mounting, and you know, one good bite on that pretty little neck, and BAM” his large hands clapped against the side of the rugby ball for emphasis, “there you have it, just like jump starting a car.”
Mycroft interjects, astonishment taking over his narrow, waspish face.  “I am not the one who has chased away possibly the best chance we have at catching these…these cretins, with your misguided attempts at recruitment!” He took a few steps forward, eyes narrowed dangerously. “Tell me Sherlock, what exactly is John going to think when he finds out about what that
“Lymph nodes,” Molly offered, handing Sherlock the next slide as he pulled another one out from under the clips, “Jimmy’s actually. Since you’ve been working with Sherlock, you probably already know that certain, um, organs had been removed from his body. During my post-mortem on Mr. Price; I found this suspicious looking lymph node, well, lots actually, and Sherlock’s confirming my diagnosis.”
to have misheard. John had done a fair job of trying to forget this man over the last couple days, and having the Alpha practically thrust himself upon him whilst speaking words of atonement was a little more than he could bear. His stomach twisted violently.
John tired of this subject, and he didn’t want to think of the repercussions of Marcus’ actions, or what it meant for their friendship. He suddenly felt adrift, embarrassed, and disgustingly naïve.
“They will come. Despite the…unpleasant surprise, I calculated an 83.7% chance of the parents attending, and a possible 78.2% chance the brother will as well.”
His Omega was a writhing mess beneath him, beads of sweat glistened on his back, against his bullet wound, against the burn patterns on his hip, and Sherlock had never, ever, seen anyone more perfect or more beautiful than his soldier compromised and laid low, abject and desperate for the relief that only Sherlock could give him.
Of course, this was nothing compared to the sudden fresh wave of burning, cramping agony that now assaulted his abdomen. When he tried to curl into the pain, his core muscles involuntarily flexing (a simple reflex it was, the foetal position), he was prevented from bending at the knees by the feel of rough fabric pulling at both his ankles.
Oh my goodness! A thousand apologies for the delay! I am soooo bad! Let me just say that I did not mean for this chappie to take so long, but that I fully blame 221B Con. It was a procrastination enabler! Enabler I tell you!
to know? How – how do I live my life without a basic, core understanding of myself?” John sounded desperate, even to himself.
Well, John inhaled the musty scent of the front room as he stiffly took off his jacket, well…he would move on. He would continue as he was. There was no future between himself and Sherlock; ccertainly a man such as him would want nothing more to do with a beaten down latent Omega like John.
From what he could make out, blurred visions and al; this man was also pale, with very bright eyes, and quite possibly what one would call…beautiful. John was certain he couldn’t control his facial expressions right now, but he was sure under the pain plainly showing on his face, the other man could detect (if he was very clever) a hint of confusion, caution…and god knows what else.
,” he barked, quite suddenly, his every word enunciated so there could be no confusion as to the question, “
But John didn’t care, he rocked back into Sherlock, taking more and more of his impressive size in, his body accommodating the massive girth and length of his Alpha as if he’d been born to it.
“Marcus?” She raised a small hand to trace an invisible line down his face, just brushing the edge of the now fully-formed contusion sat right in the middle of John’s cheekbone. “He did this to you?” Her eyes widened with poorly concealed confusion and disbelief.
“So…s-so, you’re saying that you will stay here…here with me?” And it was heart-breaking how unsure and childlike that simple question sounded.
“Right,” Lestrade whispered with authority, wiping his face against the mist in the air, “you two are purely here for John. Our other teams have circled round back, ready to move in at Mycroft’s command. It’s their job to do the dirty work. You two are
“Mycroft?” John questioned, one hand plugging up his opposite ear (it was rather noisy in the Underground), unsure if he’d receive a decent signal whilst waiting for the next train car.
The klaxon sounded, making no mistake as to the urgency of the situation. Captain John H. Watson situated his gear on his shoulders, leaving Major Sholto behind without even a backwards glance and heaving the mass until it rested somewhat comfortably on his strong back. Inside his kit, his medical supplies were well secured, and he ran towards the doorway, the opening giving way and dousing him with the hot, sweltering heat of the Afghan sun.
Mycroft watched the limping form of Dr. John Watson turn and disappear down the stairs before he pivoted silently, regarding his brother.
“Don’t – don’t rip the buttons off that one…I quite like that one.” He managed to stutter, before setting himself back on task, which was no easy feat.
He’d never had an extremely strong opinion on human trials and experimentations. After all, he himself volunteered to test a possibly dangerous new drug, even if it was for a case. But there was something about this experiment that didn’t seem right. He thought back to what Mycroft had said; that the study was rife with legal and ethical issues.
He limped his way slowly down the hallway, peering inside the darkened space of Sarah’s room. It was empty, with only a flattened and worn, downy bedroll and few other accoutrements she had acquired over her time living it rough. For her, he only left a note, wishing her well and leaving the most important bits of financial information (along with his card) that he didn’t trust with anyone else. Should he not come back, he wanted to her have access to his pension for as long as he was away; or until he was declared missing, or-or worse.
“This one?” He passed it over to Jimmy, a questioning (and somewhat worried) look in his kind blue eyes.
IMA: Are you going to tell me what you want from me, or am I supposed to just sit here and look pretty?
He barked his orders, Murray and the others hightailing it to their designated Snatch 2A Land Rovers, several in a long line of vehicles idling and preparing to pull out as soon as Captain Watson gave the go ahead. It's true what Sholto said, John wasn't on duty, and neither was his crew, but…when the call came, he knew his men would answer, as sure as he would himself.
Every day, his face stayed beet red as he sat through his gender studies class; he felt as though everyone in the class was looking at him, judging him for being only half a human, half a gender. It wasn’t his fault his mid-pituitary gland was faulty, nor was it his fault that his parents couldn’t afford the necessary hormones to correct his gonadotropin insufficiency. The NHS could only do so much with latent Omegas; the Treatment was considered elective and was thousands of pounds and months worth of pills and/or injections. It took consultation after consultation with several gender specialists for John’s family to decide he wasn’t worth it. It wasn’t much of a surprise. Of course they didn’t think he wasn’t worth it. As much as a 15 year old could hate his life, John certainly did.
Of course, he would have stayed…he would have fought as every last inhale invited a smouldering miasma of flames into his lungs.
When the fever finally broke, John was huddled into himself, curled into a foetal position and facing the far wall. It had come in barely comprehensible waves, his consciousness, each push and pull of his mind growing stronger until he opened his eyes to the bright glare of unnatural lighting.
“Don’t bother. I thought I’d pay you a visit myself, since you seem to have forgotten how to communicate like any decent person.”
“Just calm down and go to sleep. It’s alright.” Warm hands continued to pet at the sides of his face. Somehow, it was comforting, and though he would never admit this to anyone (anyone, ever), he let himself relax against her touch.
“If that’s what you feel you have to do but…please be careful, John.” There was no mistaking the care and worry in his tone. “Maybe…I can come in with you?”
Sherlock was distinctly uncomfortable. Wearing a tie was an abhorrent experience and even though he knew most of the people who’d attended, this type of situation
This was one thing he worried about when it came to the study. Sure, they were targeting the homeless, but did he
“Shh, Mr. Holmes, it’s alright.” The nurse crooned, gently wiping away the sweaty hair from his forehead. Her accent was strong, possibly Mancunian, and Sherlock couldn’t quite understand why that would be important right now.
“You didn’t have to interrupt your analysis to make me tea.” John proffered; a bit of a humble apology, as he was not used to being catered to, even if it was just a cuppa.
John’s stomach rolled, and not with hunger. His nausea had yet to lessen and his headache was still a constant pounding behind his eyes. The pain was beginning to crawl down into his neck muscles, tightening along his shoulder and making his joints pulse in a dull, aching throb.
John began to feel slightly uncomfortable, this entire conversation was a bit above him and he had no idea what this had to do with him and why he was even here. Thoughts of Marcus, Brandy, and Julia filled his mind. The fight had been this afternoon, hours ago, and he certainly didn’t want them to worry if they realized he hadn’t been at the day centre all this time. Especially not Marcus; Marcus became…difficult to handle when his emotions got the better of him.
In a rare show of consideration (and almost kindness), Sherlock’s expression softened, as if to say:
John, ever sanguine, took all this in stride; he’d read the files and knew more or less what to expect. He generally ignored the advances and inappropriate, lecherous looks; instead he focused on physical therapy and healing. He never thought, not even once, that Sherlock Holmes, apex Alpha and genetic superior to over 95% of the world’s population would be so affected.
The Beta jammed his hands into his pockets and stepped quickly away, loudly commanding and motioning towards his team, who were doing their best to pretend like none of them were listening to the exchange between the three men.
The December air was crisp and clean, the only hint of the oncoming winter lay in the white, cloudy puffs of air that trailed from his mouth as he walked. He was glad for the exercise for once, his hip not hurting him near as much as it had been the past few days. He couldn’t shake the all-encompassing sense of danger and peril that permeated his thoughts though, what with the study and impending confrontation with Sherlock, one could even say he looked forward to it.
He became immediately aware that he was still lying on the same hideously uncomfortable mattress he remembered laying down upon, and wasn’t that just a
. Personally, I don’t have the patience for your ill-timed emotional crisis and childish displays,” he stood, gripping the bottom of his waistcoat and straightening his suit, “so get yourself together, forego all this
John oscillated nervously, lightly jumping up and down the first two steps of Mary Morstan’s front porch, eagerly awaiting the appearance of his date. He had known Mary only about a year, but it didn’t take long for him to fall for her bright eyes and dazzling smile. She was a Beta as well (with Omega tendencies, which John found he quite liked), and that made things easier all around as John worried less about gender issues; and Mary didn’t really seem to care.
He stepped out of the shower carefully, conscious of the water and steam. The Omega felt glorious and clean in a way he rarely got to experience nowadays.
“He was my friend,” John stepped in, nodding to the younger brother and Mr. Chandler, “he meant quite a lot to me. He was incredibly special.”
A woman, petite, conventionally beautiful and showing biological markers of recent distress stood near a desk, her face a mask of shock and disbelief.
“Do you see what I mean, John?” She was a credit to her profession, this Jacqui, as the question was delivered with quiet care and deliberately free of any reprimand or judgment.
She did not do this however, as time was tight and it was clear her little project was awake, alert, armed, and really,
The silence was deafening, and John’s entire field of vision tilted as he gripped the leathered back of his office chair, fingers diggings furrows into the headrest.
His mate did this all unasked, with a quiet and simple competence that instilled a swell of adoration and love inside John’s chest.
The Beta took another step closer to John, crowding the younger man and leaning dangerously into his space. His voice dipped lower, accessing a register that left John a bit breathless.
Sally crossed her arms; then turned away with a sigh, disgusted.  She quickly moved away from them and towards another small crowd beginning to form on the other end of the alleyway. John could hear her commanding voice telling them to ‘
When things didn’t work out with Mary (well not so much as not worked out but, purposefully shut down by Mr. Morstan), he held his chin high and moved on with his life. He found the courage to hide his Omega latency and finish medical school, eventually finding himself on his way into the RAMC. When things ended badly with James Sholto, he was angry,
Major Sholto made him feel more loved, more accepted, and more wanted than any half-naked sexual encounter he’d had in secondary school, or Uni, or in the Army thus far. He knew this entire situation was precarious, and highly inappropriate, but he didn’t have the minerals to stop it now.
John got the strange feeling that Mycroft was making fun of him now, that somehow underneath the ice-man façade, a nasty sense of humour lay dormant, waiting for the right time to strike out and immobilize its next unsuspecting victim.
It would be an easy thing, he thought, to slant his head just so...bend it to the side in a silent act of willing but unspoken submission.
It was true that over the past week or so he had garnered much more attention than he ever would have as a latent Omega. Strangers were overly friendly, children flocked to him, and he’d been witness to more than one display of so-called Alpha bravado to win his favour (the most amusing, recently, being a pack of sixth-formers who’d puffed out their chests like a pack of crowing roosters). The thought that the population of England, as a whole, now considered John to be prime mate and bonding material left him more amused than anything else.
"You wilfully kept me ignorant from some of the most important details pertaining to my brother's procedure and now you will tell me
“Reasonable.” Sherlock murmured by way of an answer. He leaned down and pulled at Marcus’ meaty shoulder to flop him over onto his back. The ungraceful motion elicited a highly inappropriate curse from Marcus himself, whose bleary eyes slowly opened around the dirt mashed into his face.
a medical doctor, I’m familiar with how this works. But apart from the cancer, if a study is trying to initiate a synthetic Formation in a latent Omega, high levels of HCG in their bloodwork would not be out of the ordinary. It
Deep to his eyes, in the infinitesimal gaps between his neurons, ions and cations made the kamikaze jump between his synapses and shaped those electrical impulses into thoughts and sensory input.
“Well, he wouldn’t have to make things up at all would he, if he was actually here when it happened.” Sally chimed in, letting the implication of that statement sit and simmer for a moment. It wasn’t the first time she’d accused Sherlock of being the number one suspect of a murder case, and it probably wouldn’t be the last. The apex Alpha had often wondered if he’d somehow wronged her in the past, or if she just had a naturally untrusting nature and could find no one more convenient to take it out on than Sherlock himself.
He took a quick inventory of his body, and while he was terribly thirsty and physically weak, he wasn’t in a great deal of pain.
, if such a thing were possible.” He took in each finger splayed in front of his face, currently enrapt and beautiful in its concentration, before taking the tip of his hot, pink tongue and tasting each and every fingertip on the Omega’s hand.
As he moved faster down the street; his stomach, which only moments ago bubbled with nervous energy, now clenched in a tight ball of dread. He didn’t know what he would find when he turned the corner, but he had a feeling it wouldn’t be good.
How did he end up here? Here of all places – with this man? How did the comedies and fractal iterations of life land
Dr. Frankland tried not to outright whimper as the wall turned cloudy, eclipsing John from his covetous gaze.
Raz blinked and clamped his gaping mouth shut with a snap. John always thought the kid resembled one of those promotional bobble-heads made of celebrities and football icons. His body was thin and narrow, but his head was quite large and round, with a mess of straight black hair that seemed to stick out directly from his scalp. He seemed predisposed to a nervous temper, which made his head turn and bob about on his shoulders as if stuck to his neck on a spring, bouncing and tilting with perpetual motion. Once he saw John he stilled, widened his eyes, and didn’t say another word.
Mr. Holmes appeared unconcerned with John's state of mind, leaning a little too casually against his umbrella (bit gratuitous, that) while he checked the status of his cuticles with practiced nonchalance.
Brandy brushed a soft hand against Julia’s cheek, lifting her face gently and meeting her eyes. There was so much love in her gaze, so much promise and life; John had to look away. He felt like an intruder in a singularly private moment between the two women. He once dared hope he would find a mate of his own one day, someone who really knew him and loved him for who he was, latent and otherwise. He’d thought that maybe, with Sherlock, well…no use in thinking about that now.
She wrung the tissue to the point of tearing, before meeting his eyes again, and when she did there was little left of her previous tears.
John almost sobbed, eyes filling with tears he absolutely refused to shed. It wasn’t that what Sherlock said was untrue; he just didn’t see himself that way. He was simply John Watson, doctor, soldier, as were many who had served alongside him. He wasn’t special, he was just…well, the same as any other, he supposed – just a damaged man trying to get by in a world that no longer cared about those who had sacrificed so much in its name.
need from me now? You need to humiliate someone else today, is that it? Do you need an easy target? Someone who won’t fight back?”  John refused to make eye contact - he couldn’t. He only kept those outrageously expensive leather shoes in sight, spilling his rage onto their absurdly well-polished tips and hoping it’d sink through the leather and give Sherlock some kind of rare, incurable (but incredibly painful) toe fungus.
John would love it and bang his head against the wall and bite his lip until he spasmed and came and made a mess of the perfectly clean floor. Maybe he wouldn’t stop there but beg for a go again and
John wasn’t entirely sure how he’d ended up this way, and if you’d asked him earlier about his relationship with his commanding officer, he would have laughed if you told him it would eventually devolve into presenting himself and eagerly offering his sex to a man who could have him discharged, or sectioned, for his wayward behaviour.
Sherlock hummed, fixing John with his laser-like gaze. “Transcripts from Irene Adler’s interviews, Mycroft brought them by…I thought you’d like to see them.”
“Fine,” Sherlock sniffed, looming over the smaller man, “are you proficient with that gun you’re carrying?”
being afforded every courtesy that our services provide.” She sighed, only following him a little bit into the room. “Dinner is at six. We encourage our guests to maintain a healthy and satisfying eating and sleeping schedule.”
And so the bones would appear at every visit, an intriguing and ghostly remnant of a sea creature larger than John’s small mind could imagine, at that time.
“When is the procedure scheduled?” he asked abruptly, thumbing his mobile in his woollen coat, avoiding the urge to scratch randomly at his wrists. She regarded him with a wry, knowing smile.
.” He showed his teeth now, small and sharp, like he’d just as soon as bite and take hold of Sherlock himself than exchange dull pleasantries.
At this, the man straightened, all traces of softness fled his frame.  He widened his eyes, that manic and frantic energy once again returning and settling into his shoulders. “I need someone on the inside. I already know these murders aren’t random, but I need to find a connection. This is the only link I have; the only way I can explain why all these people met their gruesome demise. Don’t you
…everywhere. He began to sweat, and he was sure the considerable thumping of his heart against his sternum could be heard by the entirety of London proper. John’s hand gripped the paper, each small fist wrinkling the newsprint in their grasp as he screamed in abject vexation and suddenly threw the paper down towards the fireplace. The very edge of the paper caught fire almost instantly, the flame licking and curling at the edges in seconds, leaving dark and delicate whorls of soot and carbon remains that stained the well-worn rug at the hearth.
“Everything we’ve ever wanted?” He questioned, taking a step back, gun still at his side, grip loose, “what you mean is power. That’s it, isn’t it?”
!” Sherlock exclaimed harshly, bringing the Omega back to his senses, “You still have the pamphlet don’t you? Show me.”
John Watson was a man who brought nothing to his office save an oft-stained RAMC coffee mug and a pile of medical journals stacked (not too high) on the corner of his empty desk. Sherlock Holmes, however, lived and worked with his life thrown about him in a messy uproar of belongings and experiments. It appeared these men were exact opposites, and possibly, perfect complements. It was no wonder they were so compatible, even at the genetic level.
John sniffed, very much the rejected lover, and rolled over onto his back. There, he ground his cheeks into the slim mattress of the cot, revelling in the new bursts of sensation. He affected a whimper, low in the base of his throat, running one hand down the sweat-lined seams of his clothing and then down to the respectable (if smaller than an Alpha’s) bulge that outlined his cock. He was hard, God help him, and tried to remind himself that a quick fuck wasn’t actually what he wanted…that he had actual goals in mind.
Each wet suck, each wet pull had John’s jaw clenching, his neck spasming. He finally clutched Sherlock’s head, each hand with a palmful of the man’s spidersilk hair, until he let go and ruthlessly fucked into Sherlock’s mouth. It wasn’t pretty, it wasn’t gentle as John effortlessly heaved his dick into his Alpha’s waiting and pliant orifice, grunting impossible endearments as he did so. Sherlock sputtered at first, unused to the pounding and driving force, but once he realized this was
I do not own Sherlock, nor do I make money off of this. It is just for fun, though I wonder about that sometimes too! LOL
“Ahem,” the young woman cleared her throat, very clearly vying for attention between the two, “Hello, I’m Molly Hooper. I’m Sherlock’s pathologist – I mean I’m not
A snuffling sound caught his attention, and he looked over to his right side, seeing Marcus crouched by his bedside. The man was sitting silently but looked alert; it was possible he hadn’t slept at all during the night. The Omega was touched, as always, that the larger man thought him so important as to watch over him all night. Not for the first time, John wondered how he had ever missed the signs that Marcus loved him. They were all there, of course, but he supposed he had either ignored or flat out dismissed the man’s obvious regard for him.
But now, now, he was just a man – a man who needed help, and Captain John H. Watson was a bloody good doctor (
An eerie silence came over the video, punctuated all the more by the stuttered breathing of the aide. The test subject grunted, staring sightlessly at the camera, each groan accented by another contraction of her entire body. The foam at her mouth oozed a darker red.
The line moved slowly, and just as slowly, everyone departed through the church doors and moved through the cemetery. When only the priest was left, he moved towards John, hands clasped over a worn copy of the Bible.
“During the examination, I noticed all of the same features as the previous murders. The ovaries and uterus were meticulously removed,” she pointed towards the lower abdomen, then waved her hand further up the abdomen, “as well as the adrenal and pituitary glands. I’m not exactly sure they bashed his head in for that one, removing the pituitary can easily be achieved by going through the nose. This poor man, I hope he was already dead when they did that.”
at the base of John’s cock, a prize he’d only ever allowed himself to have in his most indulgent dreams.
Mycroft stared at his brother in outright amusement, though only those very close to him would be able to tell. The man was a master of facial neutrality, but the mirth behind his eyes was obvious to those who knew what they were looking for.
Sherlock kneeled, slowly gathering glittering remnants of slides, piece by delicately jagged piece, and placing them in the sharps container he’d dragged all the way from across the cavernous room.
“Do you have any questions for me? Most Sentinels we treat here tend to have a bit of anxiety about the treatment.”
The only thing he could do now, the only thing that could really help his Omega (his?), was the cool deductive reasoning he had become to rely on so thoroughly throughout his lifetime. He owed him that, at least, and if he was found alive (
John set his jaw and grabbed his clothes, anxiously making himself presentable.  James moved off the bed hurriedly, wrapping the blanket around his lower half and not bothering with his pants.
So the once a week update thing is really working out! I have some time off from work right now, so the next update may be a little sooner. I hope you like this chapter, it's a wee bit longer than my usual, but I don't think anyone will have a problem with that. Let me know what you think! Comments and Kudos are appreciate but of course, not mandatory! Happy January ya'll!
He grasped John’s file to his chest, ushering his fellow Omega through the door and immediately into a darkened room on the right. John only had a second to glance down the white hallway, trying to catch a glimpse of who (or what) was making all that noise, but all he saw was a half-open door and quick grey shadows dancing across the opposite wall.
” the good doctor prompted once more, he had his suspicions, but he didn’t want to be mistaken. Not about something like this.
The other man shrugged, his blazer pulling on his shoulders. “I don’t know, I suppose we’ll find out.”
“Can you believe I managed to forget about that?” he laughed mirthlessly, lowering himself back down slow and steadily, “forgot how good these drugs were.”
“Sherlock, I –” He closed his mouth again, another anxious clearing of his throat causing a small and desperate whine to sound out behind his closed lips. “How can you
"Of course," Mycroft leant forward slightly, "it is a bit early for lunch, but perhaps we could indulge in a cup of tea? I've a few items I'd like to discuss with you concerning our… tentative agreement."
“Jesus, calm down!” He managed after a moment when he’d finally caught his breath. “Hear me out, then you can decide what to do, but I beg you, two minutes is all I need.”
He emitted a groan as he turned his head, one hand flailing in the dark, brushing against his scalp to find thickened clumps of hair stuck to each other by an unknown substance.
“Come in Dr. Watson.” A melodious female voice floated out from behind the door, low and suspended in the air. It was smooth and varying in pitch, well-calculated and controlled.
Things had not got better since they let him out of hospital. At this point, he seriously doubted they ever would.
“St. Bartholomew’s, yes, I know,” he uncrossed his legs and lifted a very thin and expensive looking laptop from beside him on the seat cushion onto his lap, there he opened it a commenced a sort of rapid fire typing that filled the car with all manner of clacking and clicking John could have just as easily done without, “Doctor Watson, when my brother and I recruited you to help us in this case, we both assumed we’d have your utmost cooperation.”
In the end, Barrymore had appealed to his base humanity and his highly developed code of beneficence to get him to agree. It was begrudging, but it was still true...there was no other match for Sherlock Holmes but himself, and although John feared a repeat of his first donation, he knew it would be damn near impossible for it to happen again. It couldn’t.
“John,” the taller brunet began, a hint of uncertainty in his voice, “what exactly are you not telling us?”
He nodded his head once, his willful chin jutting out with new resolve, and stood. “I want my things back please, and I am leaving. I don’t know what kind of game you’re playing at here, but I don’t want to be involved. I am not
…he felt on constant high alert, though he couldn’t for the life of him recognize any of the usual signs of danger that would normally trigger such an intense fight or flight sensation.
Downstairs, the two Alphas fell together in a loud, heated confrontation. The Omega clamped both hands over his ears until he couldn’t hear what they were saying - and that was quite alright with him, because he was
Murray, to his credit, was a noiseless shadow behind him, following his lead and exuding a quiet confidence that reminded Sherlock of his own oft-underestimated Omega.
“Excellent!” The much younger man perked up, ruffling through a file cabinet and pulling out form after form, “I’ve got some paperwork for you to fill out here. After that I’ll make a copy of your ID, then your session with Dr. Adler and Dr. Wilkes. Here’s a clipboard and pen, have a seat and take as long as you need.”
“So what happened to Irene then?” He questioned, pulling the folder to his lap and opening it up, loose sheets of paper falling with gravity onto his thighs.
, and I’m already doing you a big favour by letting you take a look at these alright? It’s bad enough Donovan saw you try and steal the mobile at the crime scene.”
John looked up abruptly, fancy mobile forgotten in his lap, and laid eyes once more on Sherlock Holmes. He tried to ignore the lurch in his stomach, the flutter of his heart, and the instant beads of sweat that erupted upon his brow. Sherlock cut such a dramatic figure in the doorway, the dim sunlight outlining his person in hazy amber relief; it would be hard not to romanticize his sudden entrance into John’s bungalow, what with his coat and his collar and his
Warm, elegant fingers twitched as Sherlock ducked his head towards the blond, moving his left hand to gently grip his tensed bicep and bring his nose in contact with the soft, finely haired skin that made berth between the shoulder and neck. There he kept it, moving only to
“Let me preface this by saying the…experiment was dissolved several years ago. Most of the information is highly classified, redacted, or has been destroyed entirely. Even I had to call in a few favours for this bit of information. To give you an understanding of what you are about to see – well, let me just say that the entire production was rife with ethical and legal issues.”
Brandy wiped at her face messily, smearing black eyeliner in one long streak from her right eye to ear.  Julia smiled, and wiped at it affectionately.  “I still love you, you know. You just make
Yay! Plot! Also, writing deductions can be difficult, so I do the best I can. Writing for Sherlock is actually way more fun than I thought it would be. Anyhoo, another chapter huzzah! Sorry my chapter summaries are so crappy but, I don't want to give anything away in a summary.
The chauffeur, who simply went by the name of ‘Johnson,’ tapped briskly on the glass partition, alerting Sherlock to their change in direction and imminent arrival at the Cottage. Sherlock was pleased when he found he’d be travelling with the serious and quiet man, rather than with Anthea (may a plague of carpal tunnel descend upon
The man was hewn from Phoenician marble; with fresh, milky skin enveloping a bone structure that would surely make the great romantic painters of the past pause and fumble with their turpentine.  Underneath two fine eyebrows shone a set of prismatic eyes so keen, John could be sure the man could read each and every thought floating through John’s pathetic little Omega brain.
A hollow, thudding sounded from far behind him, and Sherlock turned to see multiple rafters of harsh, milky, industrial lighting reveal lane after lane of a large, heated, steaming swimming pool.
Mycroft stood and strode across the room, gathering his coat and umbrella, he turned and nodded politely. “We’ll start the analysis immediately, good night John.” With only a glance to his brother, he exited the flat and made his way out into the darkening London evening.
, he was done for. He rubbed his face against the cool covering of the bed and pumped his hips up and down almost imperceptibly, unable to abstain from wanting to nest and completely lose himself in the sensuality of it all.
He sniffed and blinked that thought away as quickly as he could, it wouldn’t do to go down that road. Not when Sherlock seemed otherwise uninterested and purposefully projected an aura so prickly as to be above all such things.
Deductions and forensics are difficult, so just suspend disbelief and bear with me here. I really am trying! Please let me know of any typos, continuity errors, or brit-picking issues.
The video ended abruptly, going immediately to black, and then switching to a more familiar snowy background.
“Oh no, no…it’s alright. Just um, an unfortunate…”he stopped there, probably thinking better about what he was going to say, “well, never mind. Just follow me.”
John cried out immediately, repeating the name of each and every man in the transport. To his infinite relief, they all responded with varying degrees of grunts and curses, some more colourful than others. Then the Omega Captain unlatched himself from his seat and, thankful he was on the passenger's side, climbed out of the vehicle, rapidly assessed the situation around him.
John cleared his throat nervously; Sherlock’s scent wriggled its way in through the miniscule opening made by the door, floating in through his nostrils and disturbingly insinuating its way into his hind-brain.
John was gripped quite firmly around the waist and swung round against the adjacent wall. The back of his head bounced off the plaster wall, flashing white stars in front of his eyes and forcing him to grab the wrists of the hands that held him. He wanted to scream and fight against the steeled grip, but the scent of Sherlock filled his nostrils, waking his libido and making the Omega want to gorge himself on the insufferable man.
in his chest that wrapped around his heart and multiplied. Waves of pain rolled through his chest and he grunted once, bringing a hand to his mouth and clenching his teeth against the sobs that threatened to undo his careful composure.
“A doctor friend of mine…well he was once, we went to Uni together. He’s at St. Bart’s now and – well, I have to go away for a few days, and if anything happens, I want you to go to him. You can trust him Brandy, he’s a good man, and he won’t report you to your husband.” This was Brandy’s greatest fear, and what had ultimately led her to seek a life of homelessness, even while pregnant.
with each other, when John was free. Sherlock knew this, deep down in his chest and deep down in his gut; where his Alpha instincts bubbled and rolled with a fierceness he was never fully able to suppress.
Dr. John Barrymore was a tall man, almost on level with Mycroft himself, but carried with him a breadth of bearing that hinted at a quiet, quiescent power. As Mycroft made his way down the myriad hallways, each echoing step reminding him of the years he spent working in the august presence of Her Majesty, he took in the clean, sterile atmosphere.
Molly Hooper was a naturally Formed Omega, and her scent (barely discernible over the stench of the morgue) was reminiscent of tulips, anise, and all manner of delicate things that should be nurtured and protected. She stood behind Sherlock, clutching a folder and worrying her lower lip. When she decided he had taken quite enough time inspecting the body yet again, she cleared her throat, meeting Sherlock’s shining eyes with a meaningful, yet thoroughly submissive stare.
Biting, stinging, fumes barraging every sense – he could taste it, thick and caustic on his tongue, the density of it in the air muffled his hearing and stung his eyes.
The Alpha didn't seem to hear him, or he chose to ignore the Omega. John exhaled, gripping the towel around his hips so tightly he was sure the individual threads would be forever embedded as scars in his skin. Sherlock's nose moved steadily across the blond's hairline, issuing little puffs of air that bounced against the longish strands of his fringe. The man was either enraptured, or become so deeply feral that any kind of overt movement or sound could be regarded as a threat or challenge. John was better off holding still and letting the detective finish his primitive, but unable to be ignored, scenting of an Omega.
have put something in John’s tea, because it wasn’t long after that that John passed out. Then…John looked around once more, this must be the bedroom Sherlock had mentioned. The Alpha must have carried him upstairs while he was unconscious and tucked him in while he slept.
John was gutted, gasping and panting against his lover, his sweat-drenched back leaning against Sherlock’s chest. The Omega had made little mess, as he was not gifted with testicles but only the most basic of seminal fluid, so the mess wasn’t a problem.
He managed to keep it together, taking another few backwards steps towards the hulking glass entranceway of the business centre.
“…I took the damn pills,” the young man continued, lowering his head and running his nose along the line of John’s carotid, smiling as the Omega lengthened the path out for him with a grunt, “ the…the suppressors, or whatever they called them - fat lot of good
“I’m sure you’ve heard of those weird glow in the dark fish though, right?” Molly prompted, “That’s how they do that. The recombinant DNA, it doesn’t necessarily have to be human, may or may not express itself, but if it does, it becomes part of the genome. This new DNA can produce all manner of proteins and create a myriad of effects not seen before in nature...like glowing fish.”
Underneath him, the floor vibrated slightly, heralding the closing of the front door and the return of his Alpha. The heavy sound of leather on wood echoed through the stairwell, and with it came the gentle (and beautifully overwhelmingly satisfying) wafting of rosin and sweet tobacco.
Another, more subdued, series of thumps rattled from behind the door. Who the hell did they have behind there anyway? The Incredible Hulk?
The Omega woman crossed her arms, face set in a stony mask of non-compliance. “I think you’re forgetting who is actually in charge here –”
The hallway was blissfully clear of the pretentious and decadent furniture that dotted the ground level, and the only things of note were small speakers and cameras located in the corners of the long hallway that led off from the main landing. The speakers emitted a low-key thrum, more of a white noise that immediately felt calming and serene. Sherlock fought it as much as he could. He wouldn’t be a party to their damned
John half-smiled through gore-flecked lips, “Did…did I tell you I was special, Sherlock? One of kind?”
“Take all the time you need, my son.” Then he too exited through the door, following Marcus’s family into the cold morning sunlight.
“Organ harvesting John, and specifically the cancerous organs; each cancerous cell is a clone of one another, they are all identical,” Sherlock’s voice softened, taking on an almost distracted quality, “are you familiar with the process of creating human recombinant DNA?”
A movement from one of the dark corners made John jump suddenly, fear flashing through his veins before subsiding, adrenaline playing havoc with his lungs and heart. It was a fleeting moment, as John’s eyes adjusted to the dimness; he saw it was only Marcus. The large man was sat in the corner with knees bent against his chest, and had only just turned his head to look at the Omega as he came into the room.
“That remains to be seen,” he quipped darkly, his voice not much more than a basso rumble in his chest.
He closed his eyes, breath stuttering from his mouth in short gasps of disbelief and revelation. He no longer felt afraid; he couldn’t feel anything else but the searing touch of the man in front of him. The man whose hands now fluttered slowly away from his neck and bicep, down the vertical plane of his torso, to settle in a propriety grip at his flank. They were only an inch or so above the fleecy edge of the towel, and for one brief moment, John thought he might actually rip the thin barrier away from his hips. He flushed at the thought, ruddy stains of vascularization making his face burn and his nipples stiffen in unconscious response. In the back of his mind (and to his eternal mortification), he felt his cock stir, the heretofore only teasing, tingling sensations coalescing into turgid, hot, hard flesh.
“It’s here.” John pushed it towards the man, who was now pacing back in forth in a flurry of frantic hands, a woollen coat, and wild ebony curls.
Note 9/28/15: Really Blue? Obelisk???? LOLOLOL. That should teach me not to write my chappies after I've had some wine. *snort*
“Breathe John,” a sibilant whisper in his ear, Sherlock’s voice so low and quiet one could swear it was subsonic, “breathe for me.”
Sherlock remained deathly still in his mechanical bed, unmoving and utterly silent underneath the thin hospital blanket. It was a barely serviceable piece of linen, as thin as cheesecloth and just as warming. He made a note to remind Anthea to bring a proper blanket later on today, something that actually held back the institutional chill hospitals were so fond of.
a study. It doesn’t seem too unusual that genetic therapy would be a new viable option for Formation.”
The blond swallowed back his surprise and glanced down at his coat, then out the window where the cold London night awaited him. He sighed, if Sherlock was willing to ignore John previous fumbling attempt at conversation, then the Omega supposed he could too.
“We’ll let them know. Are – are you in some kind of trouble? This is all so…so sudden, it’s not like you. Why can’t you tell us where you’re going?”
. You and I are the only ones of our kind. I can help you and teach you how to use your gifts. You’d be shocked at what you could achieve now, if you really wanted.  I can show you the way…I would never harm you, please believe me.” She beseeched, one tender hand outstretched, glossy red nails glinting in the alarm lights.
Molly sniffled uncomfortably at the side table, slowly picking through the autopsy reports and various snippets of information. She didn’t really have anything to add, and was content to just let the two gentlemen argue it out. Emotions were high right now, and it wasn’t hard to see that Sherlock was teetering on a knife’s edge.
Mycroft lifted his umbrella off the floor, inspecting the tip for a moment as he purposefully ignored the look of astonished bafflement from his younger brother. Downstairs, the front door slammed closed, and the tiny vibrations from the movement reverberated up into 221B.
The order was given, and two broad-chested Alphas gripping a small but dense battering ram came forward. With a coordinated countdown, they swung the Enforcer, slamming it into the seam of the doors. The steel tube trembled, almost as much as the run down doors quivered against the impact. One of the men holding the ram grunted, flexing a heavily gloved hand against the vibrations.
John hobbled along, though relatively unfamiliar with Westminster as a whole, one did not become homeless and not becoming passingly familiar with London itself. He was unaware however, that he had acquired a very discreet and noiseless shadow.  Sherlock stayed far behind the limping form, his coat collar pulled up and blue scarf wrapped artfully around his long, pale neck. If John hadn’t been so pre-occupied with the events of the day, he might have noticed he had a tail, but Sherlock knew from experience that John was not nearly as observant of his surroundings as he should be.
imagine. It wasn’t unlike how he felt today, even on a daily basis. It was like he was a part of this world, but still somehow outside of it.
It hurt John to even say the words. All of this, all of their planning and work had just spectacularly imploded. The blond could still feel the remnants of adrenaline and the almost crippling emotional pain from his encounter with Sherlock only 15 minutes ago.  He tried not to think about the brunet’s cruel words…just as he tried not to think about his own mortality, ticking down like an overlarge clock face in his mind’s eye (too loud, and entirely too fast).
soon that would be rectified). John's scent at once intensified, taking on the characteristics of burnt caramel and cloves. The spices stung Sherlock's nostrils, digging in and staking their claim in his hind-brain, making sure no-one would be as compatible or as wanton as one, John Watson.
The apex Alpha stood swiftly, crossing the room in a daze and grabbing the nearest tissue to put pressure against the painless puncture wound on his thumb. With his left hand he pulled out his mobile. It was uncomfortable and graceless, using his left hand for anything was highly awkward, but he hadn’t a moment to lose. He texted quickly with his uninjured thumb, realizing in a heartbeat something he should have realized weeks ago. John was the only one that mattered now, and Sherlock would do anything not to lose him.
“I’ll just…see myself out then.” He doesn’t meet their gazes as he grabs the few remaining items of clothing that are dirty. Slowly, he turns and leaves the room, his footfalls leaving uneven thumps down the stairs, a testament to one of his many injuries.
"Right," he ran his tongue in a swipe across his bottom lip, trying not to appear too obviously cross, "you know if you wanted an update on your brother you could have just phoned me, you know, on my phone."
But Marcus would not be calmed, he thundered towards John, kicking up dirt and rocks beneath his feet as he reached the Omega and grabbed him by the lapels, lifting him up like a ragdoll.
“So,” as touching as this moment was, John did really need to focus on this maybe serial killer who now new his gender and his name, “…this man that you met. Have you seen him again?”
“How many times have you failed?” Sherlock leaned in, eager, and filing away everything she mentioned for further study later.
“John is my friend, I’ll stay with John.” He took one step towards the smaller Omega and then paused, speaking quietly, but with purpose, “I know now, John is
Disclaimer: I do not make money off this fic or own these character...what a tender world that would be!
The Omega reached over with his own right hand and laced his fingers through James’, gripping his hand tight, willing to give comfort to this man who was obviously sharing some difficult information about his past. He remained quiet.
“Don’t go. You don’t have to, you’re not on shift,” James pleaded, something unmentionable in his eyes. It could have been distress, it
The older Alpha sighed and collected his laptop, stowing it away in his carrier. With a twirl of his umbrella, he moved towards the door. “If you wish, though please don’t be too long. My brother and I have much to discuss, don’t we Sherlock?” That last statement was loaded with…
John managed to blink his eyes open with some effort, grit and tears clinging to his eyelashes and doing a bang-up job of glomming them together, “Molly?”
.” The diminutive nurse next to him was about two seconds away from a panic attack, meanwhile the scrub tech readied to continue compressions after John let off in about thirty seconds.
She nodded, suddenly meek and pliable. Her entire manner seemed to deflate and she clasped her long fingers together, holding them in front of her like an ineffectual barrier.
Sebastian remembered with morbid clarity the night Jake, Michael, and himself had been sent to collect the Omega. In the end, John Watson not a man to be underestimated, and they all had suffered for it.
Best not to look a gift horse in the mouth, he decided, heading out of his small office to dump the dregs of his afternoon in the communal kitchen down the hall.
“No…I…erm, it’s alright. Really – I was just trying to find suite 895, but I’m not really having much luck. Is it here? Or have I got the wrong place completely?”
while I hold that behaviour in the lowest regard.” He took one long step towards John, looming over him, his entire demeanour dripping with undisguised contempt.
"Doc…I – I mean Captain John, I mean Watson…I – I –" The man sputtered, saliva and dirt mixing into muddy globules below his face.
“Yes John. No Lion bars this time, John.” He nodded gamely, seemingly concentrating very hard on this new and heretofore unknown food rule.
She regarded the mobile only for a moment, before addressing John once more, “and what will you do if this works?”
This chapter really came along. I am trying this new thing where I try to write at least 500 words a day, and it seems to be working out very well. So far so good, anyway.
“We don’t need to talk about him now,” Julia interjected swiftly. “John booked us a night at the hostel near Paddington Station, probably the only one we’ll get this week. We’re leaving and taking it easy after the day you’ve had.”
Quite suddenly, the man wrapped his left arm around John’s torso and pulled him up; he was now kneeling upright, gasping tears of want and mad, crazy desire evident in the vicious thumps of his heart against his chest.
be the only fool to wear eight hundred pound shoes while talking to a homeless man; the irony was not lost on the former soldier.
Irene smiled - and one might have called it predatory, or shark-like. The adjective really didn’t matter, as the mere act of the thing brought to mind wild creatures that could catch a person and swallow them whole.
Nope. He didn’t care how pathetic the Alpha sounded; he wasn’t going to give in. This man was an exercise in emotional indifference and heartbreak, and John wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction. He began to limp towards the building again, pushing ahead painfully and away from the brunet, hoping he’d get the picture and leave him
“I mean it Sherlock, you mess this up and it’s back to housebreaking and poor old ladies with stolen purses, yeah?”
John woke to the muffled sound of a police siren blaring outside their tiny little house. He blinked, opening his eyes and just seeing the last vestiges of flashing lights flit away from the window, painting the walls in splashes of blue and red. He was disoriented for a moment, as he tended to be when he woke unexpectedly in the middle of the night.
So, he was to be humiliated again was he? Well, it wasn’t like he didn’t know it was coming…and honestly, better Mycroft then Sherlock.
“As you can see, Mr. Holmes, we’ve spared no expense with our facilities. Our equipment meets all CQC qualifications, and then some. So you can rest assured your brother is in excellent hands.”
bond. Irene didn’t give us much information on that, and considering she’s not even bonded herself, it may not even be possible.”
Taser man only snorted with contempt, using the blond’s distraction to move in to press the stun gun to his neck with unbridled glee.
“Oh! What a shame…I thought since Mycroft was spending so much money on this place that I was to be afforded
"Gustav?! It's Gr – you know what, I don't even know why I bother. Molly, would you like another drink?" He moved away from the chair to engage the lovely pathologist, who was smiling sublime and pretty on the couch (if one went for that sort of thing).
He found he still couldn't meet Sherlock's eyes. Instead, he rested his gaze on the journal before him, hoping against hope they wouldn't have to
been properly seen by a healthcare provider, and he tried very hard to comply and not feel like a performing monkey. He breathed when asked, lifted his shoulders (the left not being able to go up near as far as the right), lifted his arms…he laid on his back while Wilkes auscultated, palpated, and percussed.  The doctor took his vital signs: temperature, blood pressure, respirations, and pulse.
It felt like such a long time ago…sometimes it felt like just yesterday. He was haunted, he realized (not for the first time) by the remnants of that day two years ago, of the remains of that
“Sherlock,” it was a warning, short, but a warning nonetheless. Lestrade levelled a glare at him that would have cowed a lesser man…but Sherlock Holmes was no
Another coffee mugged blinked into existence…well not blinked, per se. It just – appeared one moment while Sherlock has hid eyes turned. He found this entire exchange absolutely baffling, especially to a man of logic and strict rules like himself.
Sherlock didn’t care about John; he probably never did, he probably never would. John was just a tool, just…another pawn to be used and manipulated to get what he wanted. The Omega had once thought Sherlock different. He once thought the apex Alpha was unique in his own way, and not like the others.
He twisted the doorknob, only allowing the tiniest crack for him to see out into the hallway. Sherlock stood on the other side of the door, quite closer than John expected, and gazed down at him, his mouth twisted in a line of impatience. He tried to open the door further, but John braced his body against it, not allowing it to open a single centimeter more.
, “Trudi will be in here any moment now. Please forgive us this bit of um, well…I’m sorry anyway. Just sit tight.”
“So, I was expecting all of that, honestly. But, then I found this...” She turned away, moving towards a refrigerator near the stainless steel sinks. It was overly large, industrial, and used to store specimens, organs, and other highly frangible samples. The glass doors opened with a groan and she pulled out a small bottle filled with what could be formalin, or some other kind of clear preservative.
He would have stood in that hallway forever; he would have gripped John’s smaller shoulders with each large hand and
John snorted. “Of course it does. Every Sentinel in the Cottage is here for what we do. It doesn’t matter why they don’t want to bond: hormone imbalances, asexuality, there’s no difference in their treatment. But Jim, for him, I think it was more an issue of control. I believe, if he had bonded with a Guide in the traditional sense, his life would have needed to change – to rearrange itself and Jim had no time for the wants and needs of another person. He was the man in charge, and he loved it.”
The Alpha gripped the thick cotton fabric between his fingers and pulled it back from the boy’s abdomen, revealing a ten centimetre vertical cut near the lower part of his belly. It was not unlike an incision used for a hysterectomy (though sometimes these incisions were also horizontal), it was in the correct place and long enough to remove the organ and ovaries. Unlike the head wound, however, it was clean and neat. Whoever did this had done it with precision and knowledge of male Omega anatomy (which was quite a bit different from a female Omega).
For a long moment John considered his request. He could tell him the truth. He could tell him that Johnson had made his deployment hell from day one, and he deserved every skin-tearing, bone-crunching blow that landed on his ugly face. Or…he could say nothing and keep his reputation intact with the other men of the company. Here, John was faced with a choice he hadn’t had to make since primary school. Did he give in - spill his guts to the authority and stand by as all the others glared behind his back, calling him a traitor, or worse? Or did he suck it up, hold his head high, and deal with his own troubles as they came?
A wave of relief flooded John’s small form. He wanted to take both of his hands, grip the sides of her lovely face and plant one giant, grateful kiss on her thin lips. John mustered a smile, just a small token of his gratitude towards the young nurse.
She left Moran in the camera room, unwilling to argue with the man any further. She knew he wanted to take control and bring up all the ‘you should have’s,’ and ‘I told you so’s’ he’d mentioned throughout this entire experiment – and as such, she was quite through with spending any more time in his rather dubious company. Her path was clear, as it had been many times before, if she couldn’t convince John to join her…she and Wilkes would begin a new cycle, move to a new city, and continue on in their life’s work. Maybe, if they were very lucky, they’d find another candidate and make a new and even better John Watson.
He strangled that fledgling emotion to death as soon as he recognized what it could mean, for him, for a latent Omega of 35 who was lonely, homeless, and yearning for something he told himself under no circumstances he could ever have. It was just easier this way, John. Easier, remember? You’ve tried this before, haven’t you? Do you remember Mary? Do you remember what happened with Ja-Major Sholto?
John laughed; a sound tinged with outright joy as he leapt away from the downed detective and slowly stripped off his own checked shirt. It was soaking now, practically dripping with Omega sweat, and he lobbed it at the ground towards Sherlock’s knees.
Sherlock tensed above him, before grabbing each wrist in a tender grip, pulling them away to expose John’s upper chest fully.
“Please, please, John don’t worry. There’s no danger for you here any longer. Mycroft and the government will find her and put it all to rights. This is a safe place for you, I promise.”
He sighed, he did so hate it when someone said his middle name out loud, “Yes, just John would be fine.”
No one gave the limping Omega a second glance as he searched the list of suites next to the busy lift bank. It was strange; he couldn’t locate the actual suite number on the directory. All the business and offices seemed to be allocated according to floor number, and there were many on the eighth floor, just no suite marked 895. He frowned, sniffing once and squaring his shoulders. Well, that wasn’t suspicious at all, was it?
“Guests?” Sherlock paused, raising one dark eyebrow and bearing down on the chatty woman. “Is that what you call us, Guests? As if we’re here of our own accord. Laughable. Really.”
in this world that refused to be corrupted and ruined. Her brogue was gentle, lyrical, and always had young John nodding off within a few passages, easing him gently into dreams of ghillie dhu, selkies, and all manner of magical things that still existed for a little boy visiting the shores of the North Sea.
He supposed it didn’t really matter now, and not for the first time, he wondered if this experimental medication (whatever it was) really had the ability to convert him to full Omega. The idea was ephemeral and tempting, much like a lovely dream one tries to catch and hold whilst unwillingly rising to consciousness. When he thought back on all his failed relationships, all his fumbling one night stands, he couldn’t help but think that maybe this would have all been different if his parents had just said ‘yes.’ Hell, he could even be bonded with children by now, and what would
Jimmy passed over the blister pack and John popped one of the pills out onto his palm. It was a capsule, clear on one side and opaque orange on the other. Inside he could see tiny little pink spheres (of course it would be
," he put special emphasis on using the doctor's given name, goading him on, "you can do better than that."
With a sigh, he stood, gripping the folder and already envisioning how they’d approach the altered treatment, what equipment they’d need, and what a fool he was to offer himself up again, like a lamb to slaughter.
“All those at Serenity Cottage receive the treatment. How quickly one undergoes the procedure is based on necessity and severity of symptoms. There are no points for good behaviour, although in your case I might make an exception.”
” John thundered, an inordinate amount of venom colouring his words. He wasn’t interested in the mission anymore. He wasn’t interested in
“There’s quite a variety here: Chinese, Thai, Indian, Fish and Chips…but if you look at the autopsy reports and what remained in their stomachs,” a bit more paper shuffling and gathering, “look, Indian, Thai…”
“Y-Yes sir,” John answered; he was nothing if not polite, regardless of how others behaved towards him.
“Also, here are some extra towels, pants, pajama bottoms, shirt-” A flurry of items began appearing, shoved through the ever-widening slit in the door. John found he could not keep up with the onslaught.
John took in the man at work, and (tired of waiting for an invitation) sat down stiffly in the chair across from him. The Omega wondered if this was what Sherlock’s life was like all the time…mysteries, murders, experiments, and the like. He wondered if the man ever became lonely, although you wouldn’t be able to tell just by looking. The apex Alpha succeeded at keeping himself duly occupied whenever he was in John’s presence, moving and running about, pacing and talking a mile a minute. Still, John wondered if there wasn’t anyone special in his life.
“Chromosome 13 holds the genes for Sentinels and Guides. There are a great many more Guide genes than Sentinel, and most are recessive, which accounts for the greater number of Sentinels than Guides in the population. We’re not exactly sure why that is, or why there are so many more Guide genes…but we do know that only certain Sentinels can bond with certain Guides, depending on their gene expressions. They have to be compatible, otherwise the genetic information is rejected and no bond is formed. You still with me?”
“No, just Mycroft, if you please – no need to invoke an ages old deity for my sake,” his smile was false, patently false, and not unlike a tiger showing his most valuable asset, his teeth.
strong, and Sherlock furrowed his brow, sniffing the air and taking an unconscious step towards the church.
John only smiled a bit and nodded. He gripped the back of his neck, unconsciously squeezing and massaging his aching and beaten muscles.  “Is…that a date?” The blonde smiled at his fellow Omega, only a little ashamed at the tiny beam of hope that snuck unwelcome into his voice.
courtesy.” He shrugged off his coat, the motion sluggish and lazy, allowing it to fall in a heap on the ground.
“Now is not the time Margie.” His tone was firm but not condescending, one breath huffing after another. “One milligram epinephrine, if you please.”
“Jimmy, that’s your name right?” The boy wobbled a bit on his stool in displeased surprise. He had made it quite clear he preferred to remain anonymous during this consultation. That was all well and good (John thought with an inward roll of his eyes), but perhaps he shouldn’t have shown John the blister pack with his name clearly printed along a sticker on the back.
With a sigh borne of complete and utter disgust, he rounded once again on the Detective, face cool and grim.
John breathed a frustrated puff of air out into the late afternoon sunlight, “I can’t believe this!” He threw his hands up, taking a step back from both men and glaring at Sherlock, “I finally give in, after you practically begged me
John blinked up at the man, confused, and slightly bewildered. His consciousness began to take on that hazy, swimmy quality one experienced after having too much drink all at once.
But she was having none of it, apparently, and it seemed it would take more than a few sulky grumblings to put off one Martha Hudson.
“Dr. Watson,” Mycroft’s voice sounded ominous, almost threatening, “did you happen to meet my brother before the procedure?”
The handle of the door cracked against the wall, just as a meaty fist met John’s head in a crushing blow to the left temple. The Omega staggered and fell hard on his backside, clutching the side of his face, stunned momentarily.
You shut up now,” he levelled the gun at her chest, ignoring the pain in his shoulder and the ache in his hip, “you don’t get to call the shots anymore
With a groan, John hauled himself to his feet, hip twinging as a reminder that sitting on the floor and fiddling with technologically embellished handheld gadgets should
, John,” Sherlock continued, beginning to pace, the previously perfect waves of his hair pulled and sticking out in errant puffs, “but there is no way you would have survived that attack unscathed; especially since you were already injured at the time. But you like that, don’t you? You like being the martyr. You like playing strong but really you’re just a beaten, broken down latent Omega looking for a thrill, isn’t that right John?”
As if no time had passed, he found himself peering down at the sweet, almost-sleeping face of the friend that gave the ultimate sacrifice for John.
Sherlock snorted, as he tended to when Mycroft was mentioned in any kind of conversation. The name was hateful, and he absently wondered if he could develop some kind of allergy or anaphylactic response if only to never have to hear his brother’s name ever again.
Sherlock locked eyes with the man standing across the room, and in that instant a challenge was made. If this was the olden days, one of the men would have approached the other and slapped him across the face in challenge of a duel.
“Ah,” he turned his gaze back to the small man behind the glass, licking his bottom lip in the absent way that sometimes people do.
If John didn’t know better, he would think Mycroft was angry, but it was hard to tell – the man kept his face so expertly stilled and unresponsive, one could almost never be sure what he was thinking.
the man from collarbone to hairline, marking him, grinding his hips against the Omega’s lower belly until there was no question as to his insistent and overwhelming intent.
The Omega wasn’t entirely sure he was ready to meet with the imposing Alpha (Sherlock’s brother notwithstanding), as he’d just been through an experience that had tested the very limits of his patience and sanity. He hadn’t had to use so much self-control since basic training in the army, and he was very nearly at his limit as to how much more abuse he could handle.
John wondered if he was supposed to be grateful, but he made no outward indication he’d heard the woman’s words. Irene Adler was at the bottom of the list of people with whom he wanted to speak right now, and he didn’t care if she knew she was being ignored or not.
Another sip of coffee, and another grimace at its shallow depths – something was definitely off about the flavour this time.
The towel brushed against his head and he dried his hair as much as possible, which was easy, considering it was only an inch or so longer than the last time he was here. John pulled back his lips and inspected his teeth, they were a little fuzzier than he liked.  John didn’t have a toothbrush on hand, so he smoothed his finger over his teeth and sucked on the surface a bit. Oh well, he would get dressed and figure everything else later.
“No!” John snatched the blunt weapon out of Sherlock’s grasp and lobbed it to the ground in disgust. “Leave him alone. He doesn’t know what he’s doing. He’s-he’s…”
to participate in our treatment program. I – I assure you, Mr. Holmes, no one is kept at the Serenity Cottage against their will.”
her wrists). He found Johnson to be one of Mycroft’s more palatable employees, at least, he had the common sense to keep his mouth shut during their journey.
It showed the same white room, but instead of just a disembodied voice talking over the video feed, the camera was suddenly filled with the harried face of an older man. His white hair formed a halo about his ears and a tuft gathered at his crown stuck practically straight up like a strange array of especially fine antennae. He looked excited - wild even - as he began to speak.
The somewhat shell-shocked Omega batted his hands away; he had had enough of being pawed at by Alphas for one evening, thank you very much. And Sherlock’s abrupt rudeness seemed to break the hazy spell of silence over his tongue.
Sherlock looked unconvinced and glanced down again at the other Alpha, who began to groan with every exhaled breath. “I could smell it John, he believes you are his, and his behavior just now has proved that. Stop trying to be deliberately obtuse.”
Sherlock filled his vision, encompassing the smaller Omega in a hazy cloud of dampened, barely-held-in-check aggression and physical need he could feel as surely he felt the moment lengthening with every breath. Every inhalation of air (simple negative air pressure gas exchange through his alveoli), served to make him feel dizzier, the self-control he so prided himself on rapidly slipping away.
on the right side of clean, more or less). He tried not to let it get to him, but there was only so much staring he could take before he averted his eyes and found the carpeted floor immensely interesting. If Sherlock noticed his shame, he said nothing, lost in his own mind as he was.
John turned his attention away from them and back onto Sherlock, who had stepped away from Sarah and Marcus to settle himself at John’s side with untoward familiarity. John moved away a half-meter or so, not quite comfortable with being so close to the brunette.
Gloved or not, the man’s finger felt rough and intrusive. The pressure increased by volumes as the man hubbed his third knuckle against John’s body, giving his now completely enveloped finger a little wiggle, as if testing the clench of the Omega’s internal muscles. The movement was crude and profane, and John couldn’t help the tension of his muscles as his body quite literally flinched halfway off the table.
There was a long moment of pregnant silence in the sitting room. John glared proverbial daggers at Sherlock, who stared unblinking at the Omega in return. Mycroft finally broke the awkward silence in the flat as he uncrossed his legs and stood, his posh brolly repositioned at his side. His footsteps clicked loudly in the silence, softening into muffled thumps as they moved from wooden floor to woolen rug.
The blond Omega didn’t mean for that last answer to come out quite so morose, nor did he mean for it to be the truth. Half the reason he ended up on the streets (besides it being an actual choice), was the fact that he really had no family to speak of. His sister, well, he’d given up on her years ago. He had no idea where she lived, or if she was even still alive after all these years. Their correspondence dried up while John was still in the Army, and when he’d tried to reconnect upon his return, her address had changed with no forwarding information to be found.
Sherlock grunted and moved past Mycroft, opening the door to the landing as an outright invitation to
In truth, he had grown quite tired of all this unnecessary emotional upheaval and drama. He tired of fielding frantic phone calls from Mummy, who managed to sound grievously distressed, victimized, and horridly condescending all at the same time. It was more than clear why Sherlock never seemed to take any familial sentiment at face value, since every other comment from their mother served two purposes - insult
“That – that was…John was – that was an unfortunate loss of control of which I…have no explanation for. It won’t happen again.” The brunet inhaled shakily, resetting the curls of his hair and smoothing the lapels of his bespoke blazer.
Clues equal deductions equal solution. There was nothing wrong with his mind, there was nothing wrong with his thoughts,
“Not interested,” he managed to force his vocal cords into action, pushing air past the spasms in his throat. The room seemed too small now, the walls too constricting. What should he do? What
Shakily, with the flush of his hormones making it feel difficult even to breath, he unbuttoned the first two buttons at his neck, feeling the cool air waft in gentle currents about his overheated and prickly flesh. He calmly removed his cardigan and with a trembling hand, placed it on its hook next to his own jacket. The Omega toed off his woollen socks and left them where they landed on the floor, his vision turning hazy.
“The Universe is rarely so lazy.” The other man interjected. He was an Alpha, John was sure of it now. Over Sherlock’s signature scent, John could smell the rich undertones of leather cream, scotch, and wood soap. However, he lacked a certainly quality of presence that Sherlock exuded. It seemed Sherlock was an apex, but his brother was not. It was not unusual for this to be so; the apex gene was exceedingly rare. Again, John felt like a plastic Tesco brand drinking glass sat next to two tumblers made of Waterford crystal.
He roared, spinning around in a circle until he rested both hands on the edges of the cool metal table. Molly squeaked nervously beside the blond, placing a hand over her mouth and looking for all the world like she was going to burst into tears. John placed a comforting hand on her shoulder, squeezing ever so gently.
The door squeaked open behind him, heralding the appearance of another Beta male, probably in his late 30’s. He had mousy brown hair, weathered skin, and a smarmy sort of smile that set John’s teeth on edge.
“Ah yes, you noticed, did you? We couldn’t use the cauda equina for the second procedure due severe inflammation, so we had to improvise. It’s quite revolutionary, what you’ve got in that brain of yours now.”
Mrs. Hudson nodded in that matronly way of hers. He wasn’t sure, but the older Omega seemed to be gunning for some kind of relationship between himself and Sherlock. He could save her the energy and tell her right out that that was impossible, but he just couldn’t keep himself from uttering the actual words.
All of this was standard fare, of course, and it wasn’t until the reproductive assessment that John began to feel a bit uncomfortable. At first, he thought he was imagining things…that perhaps he was just unhappy with the situation and superimposing those feelings onto Dr. Wilkes. After all, this man was a Beta (or smelled like one anyway), and they were not known to be sexually aggressive.
The apex Alpha teased a bit at his entrance, testing the tensile strength of the sphincter and finding it deliciously tight and responsive. He pumped gently, a few more times, as John hissed beneath him, crying and choking on his own breath.
Lestrade took a long moment to consider his answer, then, he finally exhaled and let his hands rest limply at his side. All the bravado seemed to leech out of him at once.
The tower, the drugs, Mycroft, the Cottage, the procedure, a guide – that was it, that was the answer to all this.
“I’m here, yes,” John clasped his hands in lap, swinging one leg over the other, a picture of perfect calm and patience.
Now, he knew he didn’t have time to fuck around. While he wasn’t sure who exactly this alarm was alerting, he was fairly certain it would result in lots of men with lots of loaded guns.
Harry’s voice was insistent but indistinct, a muffled curse amongst the deafening noise of the compound. John shouldered it off with a twitch, a shrug borne of biting, searing emotional pain. In his very hands (both warm palms splayed across her stilled and cooling cheeks) lay his bonded.
“Of course you don’t understand,” Sherlock half-grinned, releasing John’s wrists and gently laying both his warm hands on John’s chest, “you are an idiot, after all.”
“Alright, alright, enough with it,” Lestrade waved his hands, ushering Sherlock over and away from the other two, “it might be from our killer, but is also might
John’s breath froze in his throat, shocked rage leaving a tight, bolus sensation that made it almost impossible to swallow.
Meanwhile, Sherlock pulled out his mobile and rapidly punched in a series of numbers against the touchscreen. When the mobile silently began to ring, and when a familiar voice answered, he plastered a forced smile across his handsome face and spoke with insincere goodwill:
“Sir, yes Sir.” He answered with a sigh, unable to school his face into impassivity any longer. Let the man see what he wanted, John thought his behavior this morning made it perfectly clear; he had nothing to hide.
wouldn’t be idiotic enough to leave something as condemning as an actual body at the scene of the crime.
John was impressed. The signals Sarah pumped out were obvious and strong, not many would be able to resist with such obvious aplomb. It was as if he were immune, though John knew that couldn’t be true. Not 15 minutes ago Sherlock had just boasted about how keen and receptive his nose was. He didn’t seem the type to lie about his olfactory prowess; or any other prowess for that matter.
.” He didn’t hold back his amused smile, and something on the face of the simple Alpha made him laugh lightly. “You know what? It’s fine. It’s
Alright, he couldn’t just stand by and do nothing after receiving information that could be vital to an ongoing murder investigation, even if that meant he had to spend more time with the apex Alpha that featured in his most explicit daydreams (and night dreams, for that matter).
Sherlock watched the exchange quietly, never taking his eyes off of John. Every moment or so, he inhaled deeply and flared his nostrils, but he said nothing. His eyes seemed to flit from one surface of John’s face to another: his neck, his left cheekbone, his slightly swollen lower lip. Yet his expression remained stoic and unreadable.
The Omega looked away, tears threatening again, knowing the sheen of his eyes was too bright and too glaring.
I want to thank each and every one of you who continue to read, kudos, and comment on my wee lil story. I love you all, so much, you will never know!
“Capsule, of course, simple…easy. Plant cellulose, carrageenan, gelatine…animal proteins,” his eyes focused on the pill with a laser like intensity, mouth and brain moving in tandem, facts spilling forth with uncanny ease and alacrity. He leant his head forward and gently licked the side of the capsule, much to John’s vocalized dismay, “Definitely gelatine and carrageenan based. Orange colouring…Orange B, turmeric, Yellow number 6, oleoresin, saffron, paprika, Citrus Red…look here, the stamp on the side of the pill John, WMM 50, what do you think it means?”
were wildly inappropriate for public places. They screamed of curled toes, writhing torsos, sweaty arched backs, hot shining skin, and a pair of limpid blue eyes he couldn't delete even if he wanted to.
“As you can see, this area is much more sense-neutral than the lower level, and the floors above this are quite the same. We strive to make your stay here as comfortable as possible. The lower levels, that’s really for show and the guests’ families. You can avoid the lobby altogether by using the lift just round the corner.”
Sherlock exploded into awareness, heart thumping and gasping for breath. The monitor alarms buzzed shrilly around his head as an army of medical staffed appeared by his bedside.
being exchanged. He’d never found anyone remotely intelligent or handsome enough to even be tempted, and he was certain he never would.
Pushing the door open with a sigh, he saw his luggage already placed by the bed. The room was austere, almost monastic in its simplicity, and not for the first time, Sherlock missed the general untidiness and charm his Montague flat afforded. Living in Serenity Cottage would be more akin to living like an ascetic, something Sherlock found to be quite off-putting and infinitely boring.
Aaaaand I'm still managing to work my way through this fic. A little backstory never hurts anyone, and I think this one might answer some questions about what the heck is going on, plus add a little character motivations as well.
“He was detained two days after Adler whilst trying to board the Eurostar at St. Pancras, attempting, but failing, to flee to Paris. Quite an unimaginative man, you’d think South America, or even Southeast Asia would have been more appropriate for fleeing the British Government.”
John tried to smile again; he even mustered a half grin, but the reality of his situation was becoming a bit too much for him currently. His right thigh had begun to throb, dull pulses that pounded through his abused muscles and had him pressing the small blue button on the morphine tap.
It was not automatically clear as to how these would be of use. The first few snapshots seemed to be of an inventory report of sorts: reams of paper, staples, files, desk chairs, cotton balls, etc. It all read as unremarkable and rather standard for an office building or medical suite.
Mycroft’s face settled into an impassive expression teetering on complete boredom, this, among all things, indicated that John was correct. The wire was no longer an option, not this time anyway.
. Now, he knew what was happening. John had been gone for many hours, reappeared, and now no longer smelled like himself. In fact, John now smelled like an Alpha…and an
“This entire situation, oh it’s so terrible John, really.” Martha Hudson veritably gushed, running her small hands down his arms in open adoration. “And Sherlock, he’s been such a mess, you wouldn’t believe –”
“So sorry! I’m fairly new here, sometimes I forget things. But, here we are. My name’s Jessica and I’ll be outside at the desk of you need anything else.” She gave the Omega one more lovely smile, before turning briskly and making her way back to the enormous desk by the lifts.
It was different when he came back from Afghanistan; though he was battered and scarred, he still had a bit of hope. He thought maybe he could find a modest place and practice medicine again…and even though that would never fill the constant hollowness in his heart, he figured he could make it work. He wasn’t very old (if you count 35 very old); he was a bit too skinny now but still in good health.
“I felt it too. Please, try to calm down. I don’t know how you’re projecting like this but try to make every effort to stop, right now.”
He was, but only passingly so. Most of the civilized world was familiar with the extensive research performed by the Human Genome Project. The day Celia Shopley discovered and accurately mapped the chromosome containing the mutated genes for Sentinel and Guide abilities was the day she secured herself a Nobel Prize. That was a decade ago, and since then great strides had been made in Sentinel/Guide medicine, the implantation process being the newest and most exciting.
This couldn’t go on for long, John knew, he was weak and exhausted. Adrenaline rushed through his body, coarse and bright, and it would only last for so long. He needed a plan.
The click and clack of the wire hangers banging against each other was almost too much for Sherlock's sensitive ears and he flipped back over onto his side, "go
Of course comments and kudos are loved like emeralds, sapphires, and other sparkly things of that nature!
“I’m sorry, John. I’ll say it as many times as you like, in as many ways as you like. I’m…sorry for everything, for all of this. For so much…”
“Th-thank you, Sherlock, erm…I appreciate it. I really do,” the blond took a step back, dislodging himself from the Alpha’s warm (almost) embrace, “it’s a nice thought, really…but, um, well I have to go now.”
He glanced outside the window that faced the street, taking in the dim glow of the sodium lights as they reflected off the misty clouds of rain that floated in the air like dust motes. It was dark now, and with a glance at his mobile, John noticed it was 6:30pm – just before he had set his alarm.
She matched his pace, unwilling to be brushed off so easily. They each grabbed a plate and managed not to act too uncomfortable around each other as they were served their portions.
Quickly realizing he needed something to pass the time, as he had no idea how long he was going to be stuck in this room, he glanced around, paying a little bit more attention than before. Nothing seemed to jump right out at him; it all just appeared to be a bit of storage, what with the sheer number of filing cabinets – not to mention the ad hoc shelving pushed up against the far east wall.
“Amazing,” he managed, shifting uncomfortably in his seat, feeling rather exposed and laid quite bare, “but it still doesn’t answer my question.”
“I anticipated your concern for the women; they will be taken care of, if you wish. Mycroft has many resources at his disposal –”
John clenched his jaw, his muscles flexing formidably on each side of his face. At this point, he felt quite railroaded and, even more disturbingly, used. John had spent much of his life being seen as an object, as a certain type of gender. He wasn’t a Doctor, he was a latent Omega; he wasn’t a soldier, he was a latent Omega.
“That’s what was in my coffee – chlorine. It’s here now, can you smell it?” Sherlock wrinkled his nose, turning his face to the side in an effort to nose out where exactly the stench was coming from. It was getting stronger every moment.
“Excellent…so lovely to meet you,” in one graceful motion, she stood, making her way noiselessly across the room. She swept one arm towards an overstuffed fainting couch nestled near the far wall, “Please, have a seat. We have so much to discuss, you and I.”
alright? Their security is pretty light, just a few ex-military and maybe a dozen hired security guards. Should be fairly easy to handle, but I don’t want you to use that as an excuse to be careless.”
“No-I…” John’s soft tenor made a marked contrast to Sherlock’s baritone, cutting through the thick atmosphere in the room, “I just…I’m not sure what exactly this has to do with me. Why am I here? Why did you bring me here? And in all honesty, I’d like to be told sooner rather than later. I have people counting on me out there.” He tilted his head towards the windows, referencing the fading light and most likely dropping temperature.
“He comes by here sometimes, other times we deliver. My brother usually takes the orders,” she pushed a lock of shiny, black hair behind a small ear, “but I deliver on my bicycle.”
Sherlock opened his eyes, only just now aware they’d been closed. The scents around him muted, dulled, drifted away and settled into a comfortable miasma of the unimportant. John did that for him now. John reminded him of his boundaries and reeled him in when he was wont to push himself too far.
“Please…” John swallowed, fiddling idly with the sleeve of his hospital gown, suddenly feeling nervous under the strength of Sherlock’s gaze, “please don’t just stand there.”
. Pheromones and hormones aside, John needed his righteous anger to see him through this confrontation, otherwise he’d find himself backing down and letting the Alpha get away with whatever he wanted. While that was certainly the path of least resistance, and tempting, it did nothing to avenge the emotional trauma the apex had knowingly heaped upon his friend.
“Erm, right, um…you know I’ve already looked over these files Sherlock. What exactly am I meant to find this time?”
This was all too familiar to the Omega, as he had done this a thousand times to others under his care. However, it had been a while since
This vengeful thought was a balm to the small Omega, folded in on the cot as he was, trying to gather his purpose and find himself in his surroundings. In the background he realized, it was quiet. There was no beeping, no high-pitched continuous tone or any machine-like sounding noises at all. He was unhooked, as it were, free of the monitors that were previously attached, and for that he was immensely grateful. The last few moments of emotional upheaval would have certainly shown in his respiration and heart rate, alerting anyone who was watching that not only was he awake, but quite upset as well.
Behind his desk, Dr. Barrymore sat strictly upright, beads of sweat on his brow and lines of worry blatant on his flushed face. Mycroft had already listened to his excuses, albeit a bit distractedly. Sherlock had been thoroughly screened for allergies and rare genetic issues before the procedure, so this complication was absolutely unexpected. Mycroft considered himself a reasonable man, and it would be ill-advised for him to blame the Cottage
“And the bleeding?”  John prompted, trying to get as much information as he could from the surly youth. Nausea, vomiting, spots of rectal bleeding…they could be symptoms of, quite frankly, an alarming number of medical maladies. John would have a difficult time pinning it down with the limited equipment available to him.
There was simply no way an ordinary man could have got hold of information about Jim. So what other options did that leave? Mycroft already told John he had ‘ways’ of making information disappear permanently. Was he government? A spook? SIS? MI6?
The Omega gave him a confused, somewhat bewildered stare, but then shrugged and returned to his paperwork; probably thinking John was some kind of nutter.
But - it was not nearly as horrible as the quiet of his mobile, or the knowledge that the one person he loved desperately, in truth, was lost somewhere in the great brick and mortar jungle of London…if he was still in London. Sherlock didn’t even want to entertain the possibility of John having been spirited away to some other city, or worse, another country altogether.
He frowned immediately, peering down the lane through the mist and clinging wetness of the post-storm atmosphere. Just around the corner, the fierce glow of police lights blinked on and off against the brick houses, a familiar strobe-like tattoo he had long become comfortable with. He gripped the thin paper bag, hands clenching as a moment of raw panic tensed the muscles and wrinkled the sticky white paper.
John stole a look at Sherlock, whose face was carefully controlled, and shifted his feet, suddenly nervous. “If you don’t mind, I mean, if it’s not too much trouble, I’d like to know more about Marcus. I only knew him a short while. Perhaps we could meet for lunch sometime?”
It was something to think about, surely. After all, it wasn’t long ago that he was seriously contemplating oblivion delivered from the muzzle of a gun.
Toweling himself off briskly, he wrapped the cloth low on his hips and rummaged through the other sundry items Sherlock had been so thoughtful in providing. He pulled on a pair of navy boxer-briefs, possibly the nicest pair of pants he had had grace his bum since before the army, then a soft pair of grey pyjama bottoms. This ensemble was topped off by a relatively oversized blue and grey striped jumper that had the unfortunate effect of making John appear even smaller, and skinnier, than he was. Well, at least it all matched.
“I didn’t phone you this time Sherlock, and I can’t have you here knowing what I know. It’s being handled.” While Lestrade had been on the outskirts of the investigation so far, he was never more than a phone call away.
see him like this. For the first time in his life he was actually thankful to be smaller than the average male, as the towel was quite large and covered most of John’s bodily shame.
That was when Sherlock planted a heavy hand on Marcus’ shoulder, twisting his own head in a sharp, abortive motion that clearly indicated the larger man should not continue with his current goal. Marcus rolled his eyes back to Sherlock, fear clearly glinting in the reflective whites of his eyes as he audibly swallowed, and stayed sat in the dirt like a very unhappy but obedient dog.
“No.” Sherlock pulled the POLICE tape up and over John’s head. Then he stood there in silence, his striking eyes boring holes into John’s skull. He didn’t have to say another word to get his point across; John was to follow the man, regardless of what the tetchy woman said.
“Right,” he muttered under his breath, glancing around the spacious marble foyer, eventually locating the brushed steel lifts, “suite 895 it is.”
be late. He moved to stash the mobile back into his dirty jeans when a large, pale hand circled around his wrist. The grip was surprisingly warm and gentle.
Both John and Trudi passed by several security guards on the way out. The blond gave them a wide berth, not wishing to cause attention to himself, but they seemed more interested in getting a bit of the story from Jeremy before heading into the fray themselves. Things had quieted down noticeably since his arrival, but John knew that didn’t necessarily mean anything. He entertained a fleeting fantasy of Dr. Wilkes groaning in pain, nose bloodied…it would serve the bastard right.
“Goodbye James,” John buttoned up his over-shirt and head out the door, the alarm barely registering over the pounding and rushing of blood through his ears.
He turned the brassy doorknob and let himself inside. The space was dark and cool, with plush carpeting that he had yet to see in any other room on this floor. Heavy brocade curtains blocked the light, and in the corner sat an elegant woman behind yet another large desk.
I promised a chapter earlier than usual because it took me so long to get that last chapter out so, here it is! I hope you guys continue to enjoy the story. We are revving up for the good stuff soon ( I know I keep saying that, but really this time I mean it!). Please let me know what you think! Or if I have made any mistakes, wrong use of words or Americanisms or otherwise. Love you all! :3
“I-Who…what?” John sputtered yet again. It really wasn’t his fault. No one should be subjected to this…onslaught of visuals and pheromones and be expected to think rationally, let alone a latent Omega, AKA social and societal reject, like him. All he could think of was what the
…for heaven’s sake…we need you.” The brunette didn’t elaborate, but John knew that it wasn’t the royal ‘we’ to which he was referring. Apparently, if he made his bed with Sherlock Holmes, he better make sure the duvet was warm enough for Mycroft Holmes as well. God, what a thought!
The cabbie gave him a cursory once over before barking out his demand for an address. John pursed his lips a moment, and offered a somewhat bogus street name near the bungalow. The cab smelled of stale tobacco and food (possibly Burger King), and as John got settled onto the suspiciously sticky faux leather seats, the Beta turned in the front and gave him a bit of side-eye. The Omega pretended not to notice, furiously trying to keep what was left of his dignity, not that he didn’t already know what the man was thinking…what he was assuming anyway (homeless, dirty addict, what have you).  It was just his luck he’d managed to catch the attention of a cabbie who knew the ins and outs of that particular stretch of London, and who exactly called that area home. After a brief minute, the man turned back around and manoeuvred the car forward, shaking his head in a slow rhythm that spoke volumes to the ex-army doctor.
,” James moaned out behind him, grunting and frowning in turns (funny how facial expressions of pleasure can be so close to pain), grasping John’s slick skin with burning palms, pulling him flush against his body, “fuck…
John found this quite hard to believe, “I understand the medical staffs are usually picked by committee, what did you do?”
But then…John noticed the fine pearls of perspiration on his upper lip; and the faint tremble of his fingers as he slid the pad of his thumb across the tip of his prick, swiping across the spongy tissue with a definite pressure that could in no way be deemed appropriate.
“I do admit I have my – some doubts, of course, Dr. Stapleton. What are the chances it will be successful? Has it ever failed?” Regardless of Sherlock’s attitude, the questions
Quite suddenly, Lilliana burst into tears, her face purpling alarmingly and her angry little fists waving in front her mother. Brandy was startled at first, before tearing up herself, biting at her lower lip and accepting a hug from Julia, who wasn’t looking entirely too emotionally stable either.
He hadn’t bothered to undress the night before, choosing to sleep in his clothes, as he did more often than not. He reminded himself that today was the day he went in for the study, and while he didn’t exactly feel nervous per se, there was a small fluttering of excitement that settled into the pit of his stomach overnight. Of course, this also had a bit to do with the very serious talk he was going to have with Sherlock as well.
“Got…to go-” again John tried to stand, but this time he found himself held in place by Sherlock’s large hand on his uninjured shoulder. It was firm but gentle; the expression on the Alpha’s face resigned and unyielding.
“It’s been less than forty-five minutes Sherlock.” The blond adopted a tone of voice used to placate angry adults or mollify small children.
It was like all the others, all those new-age faux-spiritual rehab retreats that catered to the super-rich and terminally bored. Pictures of alarmingly orange and bleached women simpered on the pages, looking soulfully out towards their audience with large, tear-reddened blue eyes.
..uh…” was the only response the Omega gave, his modest cock reddening even further, glistening with tacky, pearlescent fluid.
In the background, Marcus began his slow descent up the stairs, each old wooden step whinging and groaning under the weight of the large man.
He puffed his chest out once, inhaling deeply and preparing himself. This would be short, but quick. He would get his voice heard, and then he would be done with it. He would be done with it all. No more British government, no more strange pills, no more Aphas with artfully tousled curls, sinful lips, and opalescent eyes to trouble him any further. They could do this on their own. John had taken enough abuse over the past few weeks. This time he had made up his mind completely.
He’d taken entirely too long to respond, at this point (rude), so he finally managed to mumble a feeble 'thank you,' before consciously relaxing his fists.
gotten the best of them. It was just bad luck, and a badly placed pallet, that caused the tables to turn so dramatically in their favor.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose, searching his mind palace for a 'Kate' - oh yes - Kate Whitney, oh she of the absurdly pumpkin pantsuit. Well, he'd rather avoid another retina-searing encounter with that woman at all costs.
. John could feel a full body blush developing, beginning at the tips of toes and continuing right up onto the caps of his ears. He was afraid to look at the other man now, afraid that the Alpha would assume John was trying to chat him up. But, to his credit and John’s immense relief, Sherlock seemed to take the question in stride.
Not twenty seconds after the mobile finally reached full functionality, John’s ears were inundated with beep after beep of some kind of alert noise coming from the small contraption. It had to have been around twenty notifications, he counted, and a little window popped up onto the screen. Oh, apparently he had text messages. Lovely. He touched the window to view the texts.
“I phoned the Cottage as requested.” Anthea’s smooth, slightly raspy voice sounded from behind his left shoulder. “We’re lucky - they have a room available.”
The mousy Omega tucked one wayward lock of hair behind her ear nervously, “Well, I took the liberty of running some specialised blood tests, and the answers were positive for certain tumour markers, Sherlock, specifically HCG. It’s quite possible he had some kind of cancer - most likely ovarian, or something of that nature.”
It wasn’t a large team - it didn’t really need to be. They were only here to guard and control one single man, but he was, by far, the most important thing in this warehouse, the
From what he had seen (that is, before he was almost blinded by tears), the room was clean and well lit. Four white walls surrounded him, with no natural light to be seen…which probably meant no windows. He was clothed in simple delicate blue scrubs, much like one would wear in surgical suite (he patently ignored the irony in this), but had no blanket or any other covering over his person. An IV dwelled in his right arm, which was attached to long clear tubing hanging from a bag of normal saline, about half-gone. As his senses moved down further, he also became aware of an in-dwelling catheter bag affixed loosely to his left thigh, and could only imagine the bag dangling heavily from a hook on the bed.
Now he remembered: the kidnapping, the compound, Irene, escape, the horrible realization that he’d been irrevocably altered on a genetic level, and then pain - awful, burning pain. His right hand twitched and pulled weakly at the blanket, uncovering his right thigh. There really wasn’t much to see, just surgically white gauze wound round his upper leg.
“Good. You are one of the newest members of my company, and as such I would hate to have you disciplined more than is necessary.” Sholto walked around behind the desk and placed both hands down on its cluttered surface. Then he leaned forward slightly, taking in John’s presence in a quiet but thorough manner.
John took a moment to look at the clothing in the mirror. He wondered where exactly Sherlock got this clothing as he was clearly at least 6 inches taller than John, these would be entirely too small on his svelte frame. Did he buy these just for John? For a moment, the Omega allowed a sliver of something dangerous to breach his careful defenses and burrow warmly into the center of his heart.
“Well,” she began, looking over at the door anxiously. The hallway was quiet now, but that didn’t mean there wasn’t still trouble brewing, “it all began just before you came. There was a man, some kind of Doctor I think, who used to work with Seb – Dr. Wilkes, and Dr. Adler. I’d never seen him before, but I could tell right away he was going to be trouble.”
“It was just an idea until I met him, until he got investors involved, pushed paperwork through the Tower, and everything went from there...at light-speed, seems like. I didn’t know then that he was an extremely powerful Sentinel. He hid it quite well, really, his control was unbelievable, and since my Guide abilities had gone tits up I bet it was easy. It wasn’t until later he mentioned he was looking to utilize the treatment himself and volunteered to be the very first test subject.”
Again, a million pardons for the delay, but my fervor for this story has been rekindled. Maybe it is because of Season 4, or maybe cause I just want to write! Anyway! I hope you enjoy!
“Hello Sarah, sorry to bother you but, I-I need your help with something.” He tilted his head to the side and waited patiently for the lady to emerge.
The other hand appeared in quick succession, and John fancied he could feel them quivering, only lightly grasping the Omega’s buttery skin; as if the Alpha was afraid a firm hand would send John panicked and fleeing into the dark (he had no need to worry). Each large appendage, with nimble fingers flared, held the globes of John’s arse in a proprietary fashion, once he knew his Omega was going nowhere (he was
“Well if you’re certain, then I’ll be there,” he answered; then scrunched up his face in sudden distaste, “No I don’t need a
“Get into the car, John,” the taller man with the strangely high voice offered, waving his hand towards the black saloon, “make this easier on all of us now, there’s a good lad.”
He finally let the duffle bag slip from his grasp; it jerked his right shoulder down and landed heavily on the ground, a cloud of dust thrown up in its wake. God but he ached all over. He may have looked clean, if not a little tired, but between his neck, head, cheek, shoulder, and hip, he felt positively mangled. An unanticipated groan of pain escaped his lips, coming from deep within his chest, and he just barely managed to sit down of his own accord, before his knees collapsed underneath him.
“Yes, alright, that’s fine Sherlock.Come by around seven if you want, it’ll just be the few of us there anyway,” this way, maybe, they could have a proper talk and figure all this out.
They were already together when John met them, cold and ragged by the Thames, descending on unsuspecting tourists with wide-eyes and grumbling stomachs. He didn’t know much about Julia, but he knew Brandy was running, running away from a previous life of privilege and a loveless marriage whose consummation was only a technicality away from rape. He knew she ran when she found out she was pregnant, desperate and unwilling to raise her child in that environment. Her husband had been an apex Alpha, and he used his genetic advantage to control Brandy through a haze of pheromones and an unfiltered, commanding presence that no Omega could resist.
John swiped a hand over his forehead, feeling a wave of fatigue crash over his body. Everyone always underestimated how exhausting high-quality chest compressions could be.
John needed a plan to avenge his death, and that included finding the cigarette smoking bastard that killed him and putting him down like the emotionless, useless dog that he was. John wasn’t entirely sure if he wanted to make it last for the man’s own suffering, or make it quick, for John’s own satisfaction.
John promised himself it would not get that far. He would put an end to it long before that became an issue but... right now, he focused on controlling his breathing and trying not to hyperventilate, hold his breath, or otherwise do anything else to alarm or startle the sex-addled man caging him against the wall.
He forced a smile, trying to make it look as insincere as possible, “Well I shall try then, shall I?”
She blinked once and appeared to come back to herself for a moment. A blotchy red flush creeped its way up the sides of her neck, around the rims of her ears, to settle its way onto the apples of her cheeks. When she spoke again, her tone was quite sharp, flustered.
you see, just the two of us together, forever…and ever, and ever, and ever.” It was sing-song, it felt like madness. “But no.”
He allowed himself a small stretch, relaxing his posture and letting his arms and legs go long and lax.
Mycroft kept his eyes locked entirely on John, forgetting momentarily the simpering puddle that was Dr. Barrymore. His hair was a light brown, in certain lights perhaps blond, with a smattering of grey that leant him a learned air. He had the countenance of one who’d seen a great manner of things, both good and ill, and though his shoulders were slight, they seemed strong and steady.
"Do be sensible John. While I only hold a minor position in the British Government, don't doubt that I can make things very difficult for you."
“But first, I’m going to need you to take your clothes off. Let me know when you’re finished, I’ll be right outside.” He took his leave, letting the door squeak shut behind him.
“I bet you’ve asked yourself that at least a hundred times now,” she smiled, amused, “and I suppose I could wax poetic about your service, your history, or even your unfortunate circumstances. But really, it all comes down to one thing that happened to be out of your control entirely - your genetic code.”
He followed Trudi out of the room, hopeful that the pictures on his mobile would be helpful…otherwise, well, at least he could tell them where the majority of their files were kept (if this was indeed the
This caught Sherlock’s attention, and it took a moment for the Omega woman to collect her wits about her when she was hit with the full brunt of Sherlock’s iridescent regard.
“Another participant! Lovely!” An older, ginger-haired fellow smiled at John, his face open and friendly. “How was it? I’m a wee bit nervous I can tell you, how’d it go?”
“…you think you’re safe now, huh, Watson? That was just for starters. Next time you won’t be so lucky…”
“Honestly, young people, sleeping in at all hours…it’s just not healthy, mind. In my day I would have been up and roaring around half of London by this time of night, of course I had Nigel at my side, and he did know how to charm a girl. Too many girls actually, positively scandalous that one but…I suppose that’s what you get when you marry an
Without a thought to the precious specimens, he gripped the slide container in one large, calloused hand, and launched it across the room with a snarl. Several slides escaped the confines of the slots in mid-air, only to fall, tinkling to the ground; the unfortunate others crashed against the tiled wall, exploding in a burst of shattered glass, plastic, and stained bits of human tissue. Sherlock watched the remnants settle on the ground with a twisted, vacant expression, then painfully gripped the sides of his head, desperately seeking respite from the racing thoughts thundering through his mind: the accusations, the guilt, the shame, the last look on John’s face as he turned and bravely limped out of the morgue, even though Sherlock had been so unkind…so poisonous with his spiteful words.
Jeremy stopped his no doubt caffeine fuelled work pace as he spotted John, a friendly smile lighting up his spotted face.
“What?” Irene moved behind Sebastian, her breath warm against the back of his shoulder, “what is it?”
Mrs. Hudson fluttered about for another long moment before leaving (finally) and shutting the door behind her with a resounding (and ear-shattering) thud. Sherlock's senses remained painfully attuned to the world around him, and he was still waiting for the full effects of his implant to become apparent.
“I’m sorry we were unable to find you before…before all this. Marcus never talked much about his family.”
She giggled a bit, unduly pleased with herself and absolutely unconcerned with possibly facing a belligerent Sherlock. John stopped her just as she turned to go, raising his left hand as much as he could.
Hello again everyone! So lovely to see you! Heads up, there is smut in this chapter. Smutty smut smut! I am proud of it! After all, this story
“Thank you, hold please.” Another few clicks and rings and this time it was answered by a warm sounding young man.
The motions were automatic, but his brain was an erratic, tumultuous whir of activity. He replayed the events of the past hour with painful clarity, wondering what had prompted him to be so hateful and abhorrent to the one person in his life that neither needed nor deserved such treatment.
Sherlock startled and spun back around towards the voice that was so clearly coming from right behind him now.
“Plus I wanted to give you this.” Sherlock dipped a hand inside his pocket and pulled out a shiny, black plastic object, about half the size of his hand. It appeared to be a brand new mobile.  The Alpha extended his hand towards John. “Please take it, just in case you change your mind. Or…if you need anything.”
The young Sentinel allowed himself a moment, a very, very small moment of warmth to seep its way into the empty hollow of his chest. He thought of Mrs. Hudson’s genuine smile, the way her face lit up, wrinkles and all, when she realised Sherlock wasn’t just her charge, but someone to be guided and taken care of. He thought, perhaps, he might like her after all (might,
The older man stood, unable to affect the simple grace his brother possessed, and gripped his umbrella as he did so.
“Do you have Wi-Fi?” he interrupted, quite rudely in fact, removing his sunglasses and looking about the foyer in open curiosity. If he was being forced to stay in this ridiculous prison, he should at least have
” Sherlock parroted with venom, unamused, the tone of his voice bordering on outright contempt. He makes one complete circle of the body, stepping backwards all the while, arms splayed out at his sides. “By
“Just listen John; it’s a very simple request, really.” The man angled the computer away from him and towards the blond, supposedly so he could hear better, but John already knew what was on the recording.
“It’s hard to say, we only know that his DNA was on that cigarette and that he is involved. How very unfortunate that there doesn’t seem to be any information on him at all,” his voice was sarcastic, knowing, “no family history, no military history, although clearly judging by his clothing this man was enlisted at some point. No criminal or arrest record…”
Sherlock Holmes wasn’t normally the type of person to respond to unnecessary words of comfort. Mostly, he’d shut himself down, give the speaker a certain two fingered salute and call it a day. Usually he followed any of these kinds of confrontation with a couple days of lovely, soul-affirming cocaine binges. Those were the days.
He scoffed, letting the server plop yet another unknown bit of mystery vittles on his plate (he had no plans to really eat any of this slop, but appearances must).
“Irene, I believe your little experiment may be at an end. If you wish to continue and keep your little prize, I suggest you do
” John didn’t bother to raise his voice, he kept it low and direct, savagery and inherent bloodlust implied.
And then there he was, open and laid out raw and musky for Sherlock. The Alpha had never known anything as all-consuming as this moment in his life. John’s prick was beautiful, the skin matte and velvet, the curling hairs at the base forming perfect ringlets that drew his eyes into the lovely and modest obelisk before him. John was an Omega, to be sure, and as such would never be as physically endowed as Sherlock, but the length and breadth of him was nothing to be ashamed of, and he would show his mate right now how much he appreciated the beauty of him.
Where was it coming from? There was nothing and no-one else here. There was nothing but the light, which blinked unerringly, a beacon in the shadows.
“Yeah, alright,” he nodded, a small but genuine smile flitting across his face. “Do you mind if I just sit here?” He motioned to the maroon chair in front of him, as hideous as it was; it was a bit more comfortable than the harsh wooden chairs in the kitchen.
Soo Lin Yao was the most helpful. She was a sweet young Omega woman, from China originally, with a heart shaped face and large, dark eyes. When Soo Lin spoke it was in a hesitant, stilted sentence pattern that identified her as a recent immigrant, having known but probably not regularly spoken English for very long. She worked (and lived) in a small restaurant named the Jade Garden, running it along with her quiet Beta brother.
“Mary’s not available to go out tonight, or any night thereafter. Do not come by again.” The man rudely flipped John’s ID card away with his fingers, letting it flit and fall, clattering to the ground. John watched it land with his heart in his throat, and only glanced up when he hear the door slam shut.
So the decision was made, quite early and quickly during his service, that the company needed to be taught a thing or two concerning John Watson.
Dr. Watson returned his grin, the tension in his frame relaxing only slightly. “Honestly, right now I can’t say I blame him.”
inside him, pierce his heart and let it shrivel up and die like the useless and inconvenient thing that it was. He cleared his throat after a moment and then licked his lips, an unconscious action he had never managed to get control of.
“That’s it, that’s the signal. You two wait till we have the entrance secured, then go in and get John. Don’t do anything
“You poor dear. I am very sorry you had to deal with all that; it’s so very hard when you’re young. I was unformed for most of my life also, so I think I can say very genuinely that I know how you feel.”
Reaching into the same front pocket that held his mobile, John pulled out the tiny capsule he had procured from Jimmy, the uncultured but ultimately well-meaning Omega, “I’ve just had a client who says he’s part of that study you were looking into a few weeks ago. I managed to convince him to part with a sample of the experimental fertility drugs they’re giving them.”
I only need a few more chappies before this little journey is wrapped up. Just a few more plot points to take care of and then John and Sherlock can run off into the sunset, preferably on top of each other! BWUAHAHAAHAAA! *lecherously rubs her hands together*
John waited by the tape, hovering around the perimeter and wondering if Sherlock would remember he was even here, or if he should start making his way back to the bungalow…however far away that may be. The Omega craned his head a little further to peer past the detritus on the ground and possibly garner a look at the body.
They couldn’t use the cauda equina now, of course, it was entirely too inflamed. But, there were other alternatives, though none were as successful in initial trials. Still, this was a desperate situation, and therefore John had to use every resource available.
James sat up, making sure not to jostle the blanket they’d laid down to cover John’s mess from earlier, “it was my own. I don’t want you out there…I – I can’t stand it, the thought of you there in the thick of it. I need you safe.”
It had been a long and ridiculously burdensome day. The appearance of Dr. Frankland, like a spectre from the past, proved to be a little bit more than she was prepared for. The man was furious, insanely so – and it had taken all of her considerable charms to calm him down. He had never been a particularly quarrelsome Beta, but the years in self-induced exile had certainly changed him.
The very thought would have probably left a lesser man a little frightened, but John had more than enough experience with these supposed governmental types. In fact, he was a bit intrigued, if not also a bit put out. He was trying to save his younger brother’s life for God’s sake; he certainly didn’t need the powers that be breathing down the back of his proverbial neck.
OH MY GOD 50,000 WORDS HOLY CRAP! *rolls around on the ground* This blows my mind. I am so grateful to all of you who continue to read, comment, and kudos. You guys make me soooooo happy! I am continuing with my update every 7-10 days, it seems to work for me.
Sudden, radiating warmth pushed gingerly at his back, and Marcus laid his shaggy head down at the crook of John’s neck. John didn’t even bother to hold back the eye-roll; the man was such a big bloody dog sometimes. He placed a hand on top of the Alpha’s head, enjoying momentarily his familiar scent and patting the dirty locks gently.
The first thing that registered in the blond’s hormone addled mind was Sherlock’s heated, humid breath against his right thigh. Then his tongue, oh
It was loud and clear as a bell, John’s own voice floated across the short distance between them. Mycroft was playing back the recording John himself had made just a few short hours ago (it was going on 4 o’clock now), and the Omega
“I can hear you thinking all the way from the bedroom,” Sherlock stepped into the kitchen, fiddling with his cufflinks and frowning at the small silver menaces. “You’re worried.”
John clenched his jaw, a habit he had formed lately, along with biting his tongue whilst being the object of verbal abuse. Not a lot of people were kind to the homeless; especially not in a city like London, where the erudite elite were forced to be reminded of the common human rabble that dirtied up their glorious city. John levelled another glance at Sherlock, the man certainly had the air of the aristocracy about him, but he didn’t seem to the type to outright judge or jump to conclusions.
– John!” Harry tugged at his Captain’s Kevlar vest, twisting and pulling on the protective gear, much like a young child tugs on their mum or dad when desperately trying to get their way.
“These files, they were…informative.” John sat back down in his chair, exhausted and emotionally spent. He had taken hours to fully read the files, to fully understand the impact the experiment would have on his life. “Do you think it’s true?”
Now, John just had to come to terms with becoming a donor once more, and if it was all worth it. If the same thing happened as last time…
Earlier in his deployment, he’d had to deal with all kind of comments regarding his gender, or half-gender, as it were. Most of them were relatively innocuous and immature; calling into question his sexual prowess and what he did or didn’t have underneath his standard regulation pants. If he wasn’t getting catcalls, he was getting the side-eye, or blatantly stared at like a slab of meat laid out before a pack of hungry hyenas. It wasn’t that John hadn’t ever had to deal with less than stellar treatment based on his gender status; it was that he had nowhere to go to get away from it now.
“Say yes, John.” His voice rumbled, ever closer, hovering above the pulse pounding erratically underneath John’s sensitive, shining flesh.
If he had the choice, and the money, maybe he would have finally gone through with the Treatment he could have had years ago, making him full Omega and at least something desirable.  Honestly, he wasn’t even sure if this was a viable option at his age. He had heard the older the subject, the more painful and damaging the process. Plus, there was no guarantee he would even be fertile. John laid a hand across the lower part of his abdomen, picturing the underdeveloped ovaries and uterus floating there, useless and atrophied, just like his life.
. His room was stuffed full with medical personnel, by the looks of them (one man cheating on his wife, the other a closeted homosexual, the next suffering from a gambling problem).
When he allowed the overwhelming emotional impact of Marcus’ death to finally wash over his psyche, it was paralyzing. The Alpha had never been perfect (permanently injured as he was), he had never tried to
“We go on as we well as we can. There are measures in place to prevent Irene from taking root in any major city again. We are tracking her John, and we will
He remained silent as he moved further down the lane, ignoring a determined Lestrade who was still trying to speak to the consulting detective –
“Dr. Watson, as a man of considerable means, there are a great many things I could do to reward you and your little retreat for a job well done. It is not my intention to bury the past, as it were, but suffice it to say that if you succeed with my brother, I will make it my personal mission to destroy any and all records involving one James Moriarty.”
John’s nostrils filled with the overwhelmingly acrid smell of fear and urine. The Omega frowned and looked down, taking in the sight of the man’s trousers slowly darkening with fluid. This man, this Alpha, had just wet himself. Right then, John had had enough. He couldn’t allow even a smidgen of sympathy or sentiment to enter his thoughts now. He needed to escape, find Irene, find Marcus’s killer, get the
His mind palace was a meticulously planned and crafted mnemonic device he had spent most of his life building and solidifying. For this, this
A sharp knock at the door interrupted John’s stunned exclamation. Dr. Wilkes immediately removed his offending digit and tore off his gloves, clearing his throat in a vaguely guilty and off-putting manner.
The only thing he wished for, quite fervently, is that it didn’t resort to violence, if it even got that far; if it did…then he was fucked, completely and utterly
“Excuse me, young man? Sherlock?” She stomped (as well as an elderly woman could with a hip) over to his bed and loomed over his wan face. He appeared extremely settled in and hadn’t moved a single muscle since she’d knocked, and knocked, and waited, and knocked again, and then just let herself into his room with a ‘hoo hoo!’, a tea-tray, and an excited smile.
John stayed crouched, though he could feel the wetness of his pants sticking to his legs, reminding him of his own vulnerability.
“Fuckin’ hell, we don’t have time for this.” The man with the gun rounded on Marcus with a swiftness that belied his size; he took aim and cocked his head, a ripple of movement accompanying a squeeze of his trigger finger.
“I contacted my brother, Mycroft, when I became sure these killing were related. He has a significant amount of resources available to him, and he feels as I do. These killing are purposeful and made by the same person, or group of persons. To what aim, we are not sure. We do have a few theories, however.”
John merely grunted and continued to lay comfortably, eyes closed, soaking up the heat and aftermath of their energetic (though most certainly ill-advised) and quite satisfying romp an hour previous.
“Ah yes, whatever happened to the good Dr. Wilkes?” Sherlock leant back in his chair, placing both arms wide against the armrests, legs crossed, mirroring his older brother.
(also called the ‘treatment’) really was as effective as the brochure claimed. Sherlock, with his highly scientific and curious mind couldn’t puzzle out exactly how one small implant was supposed to somehow lessen, if not erase, his sensory difficulties completely.
John’s words dissolved into a voiceless scream as current after current of electricity surged through his small and haggard body. Every muscle seized at once, preventing John from moving, screaming, even
Right now he was only John Watson, veteran, homeless, practically penniless, and general practitioner to those who had nowhere else to go, or no one that would have them.
The reluctant patient shrugged his bony shoulders; an action so blasé even John questioned why the boy bothered to seek his help at all.
“Well, vaguely. I mean, it’s not something I come across quite often as a GP.” John did not like where this combination was going
“I thought so,” the officer sat down slowly in his chair, flattening the vinyl cushion slightly, causing it to squeak in a most unserious manner, “the others aren’t saying much, trying to protect their own I’d say. Do
Oh my goodness. Just a few more chappies! My sweet boys are finally getting together, I am so proud.
The decision was taken away from him when Marcus shifted his grip, grabbed John by his biceps and tried to jerk his jacket off completely. He partially succeeded, the jacket was pulled behind John’s back, effectively trapping his arms, and half pulled the jumper down with it. The knitted neck stretched downwards, revealing most of his abused neck, and the appearance of even more skin made Marcus slightly more crazed as he squeezed John’s arms in a death grip. The Omega gritted his teeth and tried to push the man off, but Marcus growled deep, deep in his throat and became alarmingly still.
Dr. Stapleton’s office was sparsely decorated. A handsome wooden desk dominated the edge of the east wall with two tall standing lamps situated on each side like low-lit bookends. They were brass, antique, and indicative of the American 1940’s art deco style. They cast a warm glow, the diffuse light sending most of the room into hazy shadow and soft edges. Sherlock sat across from the desk in a chair that was probably uncomfortable on purpose (was any of the furniture pleasant in this place?), anxious, impatient, and thoroughly disgusted by the sniffling and sneezing woman sat behind the desk.
John tried to scream, he tried to curl his fingers and scratch out the eyes of his attackers, but he was roughly brought down face first onto the loamy ground.  Pete and Jason were both breathing heavily, the latter pressing his knees cruelly onto John’s left forearm. Pete did the same but used one hand to crank John’s head painfully to the side and other hand to cover his mouth. John bucked and kicked, panicked and shrieking into the barrier at his mouth. His screams were muffled, and he could barely hear them over the exertive grunts of the Alphas holding him down. He fought as hard as he possibly could.
