“To assume would be to guess, sir, and I assure you, I never guess,” Mettie hummed. “In addition to a few other small observations, your delight at your cohort’s discomfort told me everything I needed to know. You are not appropriately attired for visiting our establishment for pleasure, one does wonder what Henri was thinking, bringing you to me. I know nearly everyone that is worth knowing, therefore you are looking for someone, a woman. I know many women.”
Then he made one deduction too many, and any hope he had harboured turned to dust. Mary was pregnant. Both she and John were to be parents.
Sherlock had initially dismissed the quiet, meek pathologist. And for the next several cases that required him to use the lab, he had pointedly ignored her. He’d realised her use when he was trying to gain access to the files of two dead women, and the pathologist on shift was refusing to give them to him. Then Molly had shown up to take over, and all it had taken was smile, some small talk and a cheeky wink and she melted like butter. It took him ten minutes to get the file.
“Glad I could be of assistance,” she said quietly. Her smile seemed more genuine, having seen and judged the change in mood of the man stood in front of her.
Sherlock considered the question momentarily before answering. "Both." John looked momentarily confused.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed at the accusation. He took a small step towards John, slightly shielding him from Moriarty's gaze. Moriarty raised an eyebrow at the movement.
Next to visit was Molly Hooper and her fiancé, Tom. She took one look at Sherlock on the bed and burst into tears. John let Tom do the comforting, he did not want to comfort anyone. He wanted Sherlock to wake up. Molly spent her time there holding Sherlock’s hand and talking to him. John was unsure about whether Sherlock would be able to hear her, but he appreciated the fact that she was trying. She told Sherlock about some of the interesting bodies she’d seen at work and promised him that he could have his pick when he woke up.
"John, I've been hiding long enough, and I need to get this sorted out." Sherlock pointed to the long curls on his head, but John knew that he was not talking about that. John also knew that there was no point in trying to argue with Sherlock. He always got his way. He let out a sigh of resignation before moving to get his own coat.
John’s hand that was touching his cheek removed itself and rested on the arm of the chair. And after a moment of hesitation, his fingers began to tap against the fabric of the chair.
John had not turned from the kettle, which he was clinging to as if it help all of the answers to life's questions, which was ridiculous. It was a kettle. It boiled water and nothing more. Sherlock took a deep breath.
“You changed when you met John. He made you more human. You cared for him a lot more than anybody thought possible – including yourself. That’s why I backed off. Some people even thought you were in love with him.”
They continued to play snippets of the press conference. Lestrade’s explanation of how the whole thing had been pulled off and the people involved. Sherlock answering questions. One thing John did not expect to see, was the footage of himself answering the painful questions. And then Sherlock’s very similar answer. He watched their faces closely. It was clear by looking at the screen, just how much the two men cared for each other, and there was no other way of reading into it than what it was. But, John reminded himself, this was the British media and the British media had a certain reputation for blowing things out of proportion. John predicted that the rumours of their relationship would already be gracing the Internet, but he didn’t care. He was still just glad to have his best mate back.
He stormed down the stairs and opened the car door with such force that he was surprised that he did not rip the door off. He sat down next to his bags of shopping and slammed this door too. Anthea actually looked up from her phone to stare at John for a few seconds. John glared back at her and then barked at the driver to take him back to Baker Street that instant.
“What about the snipers? The assassins?” John remembered the threat of death that had hung over his head, unless Sherlock was seen jumping and visibly dying. They had only been called off by Sherlock’s completely selfless act. Selfless, now there was a word not often associated with the consulting detective.
John could only nod at this. Sherlock could be intimidating at the best of times and John didn’t dare argue. All the fight had gone out of him. His wife was gone, and his best friend trapped inside his own head, unable to get out. What was the point? Besides, with Sherlock relapsing, who knew what kind of mental state this put him in. John didn’t want to risk it. He couldn’t lose what little he had left of the man he had once been so close to, had been his best friend, his best man, probably the best man John would ever know.
He pushed through the double doors that segmented the corridors in the hospital, treading an old and familiar route to Molly Hooper’s lab. It probably wasn’t the best equipped lab in the hospital, but Molly allowed him access to it on a regular basis, she’d even provided him with a key card. He wondered, fleetingly, whether John had also been given a key card, but soon dismissed these thoughts. Thinking about John Watson was sentiment, and Sherlock needed fact.
“This piece,” Sherlock didn’t turn around as he address John, nor did he lower his violin, “I don’t know it, and yet I hear it, every time I see you and your wife together.” He turned around to look at John, who had given up with his attempts to hide his emotions and slowly lowered the violoin until it was at his side, bow in the other hand. “It fills my head, my entire mind palace until it’s the only thing I can concentrate on. Why?”
"Okay, John. I'll tell you, if you promise not to interrupt me. I need to tell you exactly why it happened, and that's only going to happen if you simply listen."
"I thought I'd lost you Sherlock." He didn't care that the sobbing was near hysterical. He didn't care that he was gripping Sherlock's shirt so tightly that he could easily rip the smooth fabric. He kept sobbing, finally letting out all the pain, all the hurt he had felt in the past two months.
“Tea?” Sherlock offered a mug to John, who still occupied his usual armchair. John took the cup, eyeing Sherlock suspiciously.
“John!” Mary’s eyes flew open and she glared at John, who recoiled as if he’d been burned. There was no worse feeling than letting Mary down, especially now. “How could you do that?”
“Very possibly. Sherlock displays the signs of suffering from post-traumatic, retrograde amnesia. Sherlock may lose knowledge of who people are – as you are already aware of.” He shot the couple a sympathetic look before continuing. “He may be more likely to remember general knowledge about things rather than the specifics and older memories will be easier for him to recall rather than more recent ones. He’ll remember his childhood, but the more recent years will be blurry, possibly even completely gone. This is usual for the average person suffering with-”
“Right, no time for explanations! The whole story will be printed tomorrow in every available newspaper, online and probably on the evening news. So, if you could all read or watch that when you have the time it would help immensely and save me the trouble of explaining it all over again,” began the Detective Inspector, his hands at his hips ass the surveyed the room and addressed it’s inhabitants, all of whom had lost the ability to speak. “It would also give you the chance to learn about it without Sherlock inputting an insult or two as you do.” Lestrade shot another pointed look at the taller man. “But right now, we have a murderer running around somewhere and we desperately need to find them. So if we could all get back to what we were doing and getting the information for me, Sherlock, John, come through.” He pressed past the few remaining people standing between them and the door, and Sherlock and John followed obediently.
“What happens when Sherlock’s discharged?” Mary took control yet again, asking the right questions and not loosing her temper.
"Why did you leave the wedding early?" John stood with his arms crossed over his chest and stood there. He was not leaving without an answer.
It was 1 am when the call had come through. John had been sat in the living room typing up the latest case note to post on his blog. Sherlock stood at the window, lightly skimming the bow over the strings of his beloved violin, not playing anything in particular, but still the notes seemed to work and flow together well, like a lullaby or a nursery rhyme, composing subconsciously as he explored his mind palace.
A sharp, familiar pain flashed through Sherlock’s skull, but no singular colour flashed across his vision this time. Instead, when Sherlock closed his eyes Sherlock saw Baker Street, or to be more specific, their kitchen. Sherlock was stood, hands clasped together in front of him. John was sat down on one of the wooden chairs at the end of the table, looking up at Sherlock with a mixture of worry, amusement and disbelief. Sherlock felt disoriented.
He had been there when it happened, he had witnessed her last breath, and heard her last heartbeat. She had been sleeping, and had just drifted away, never to wake up. John supposed that this was for the best. She had been so scared, so utterly terrified – as had he – and now all the pain, the struggle, the fighting was finally over. It was the single most painful experience of his life, and yet at the same time, he had felt numb, refusing to accept that Mary – his beautiful Mary – was gone.
Sherlock began to clear away the remnants of their tea drinking. John followed him with his eyes. Contrary to popular belief when Sherlock was not in his mind palace or playing his violin or suffering from memory loss, he was a very considerate flatmate. John believed that he was constantly trying to prove to John that it was worth staying. Sherlock had always seemed afraid that John would move out if he wasn't considerate enough to him. This fear was illogical. Yes, John had moved out, but that was to live with the woman he loved, who had put him back together after he ha fallen apart when Sherlock jumped. He had not moved out because Sherlock was no good to live with.
"Shit," came the quiet exclamation from Lestrade, who'd been listening intently to every word John said.
Sherlock knows what love is. And it is the very person who believes he is incapable of such an emotion - admittedly because that's what he led them to believe - that caused Sherlock's heart to race, for his mind to fill with impossible images as a smile and a slight flush creeps along his features.
“Obviously I went back to meet him that next night. He intrigued me, I’d never met a man like him before, and I honestly just wanted to see if he would actually show up. I got to the corner and there he was, jacket pulled tight because it was still bitterly cold. He took me to dinner.”
He pressed his lips against her fingers, as if this could make her better. He prayed for a miracle, for the doctors to come in and say they’d made a misdiagnosis and that Mary was fine, that he’d wake up and this whole ordeal.
Sherlock removed himself from his window perch and transitioned to the significantly more comfortable worn, black, leather armchair which Sherlock had always claimed as his own.
Sherlock’s eyes were full of tears, tears of anger, tears of sadness, of pain. Sherlock always had been the more emotional of the two brothers.
Greg struggled to catch his breath as he hurtled through the corridors of the hospital, noting the number of the rooms as he passed them.
The air in the room immediately felt icy, and the tension was almost too painful to bear. A quick glance at Lestrade confirmed that John was not the only one made uncomfortable by the hostility displayed by Sergeant Carter.
His own voice pierced through the scene. Strange. In the short flashes, it was only ever John’s voice. This had to be a good sign. Not only were the flashes increasing in frequency, now they contained more details.
The last words were almost simultaneous, the words overlapping each other – John’s voice sounded completely normal, as if he was pointing out an obvious fact. Sherlock realized that his own had been quieter, softer. His whole being filled with a sudden kind of warmth at the realisation that John Watson – amazing, puzzling, patient, infuriating, kind John – considered Sherlock to be his best friend.
Tea, in John’s opinion, made everything better. It was a mantra he had lived by since his early twenties, when he discovered the therapeutic process of tea making and the joys of tea drinking.
As Mycroft began to straighten up, Sherlock aimed another punch at his chin. Mycroft quickly released his nose, hands flying out to capture the fist flying towards his face. As soon as his hands wrapped around it and prevented it from further damaging his face, Sherlock’s other fist collided with his stomach.
"But he's not there.” John slammed his empty glass on the bar. He saw Lestrade watching him carefully, obviously startled at the sudden outburst, but John continued anyway. “And now I have to look out for him and make sure he's okay and not running around getting high again – did you know he’d relapsed?” Greg shook his head, eyes widening in surprise. They sat in silence and ordered another drink. “But there's no-one looking out for me, Greg. I can't go to Sherlock and talk about this because he doesn't get it. He doesn't know me anymore, he doesn’t think he ever has."
John closed his eyes again and leaned his head back. She had expected him to get over Sherlock's death by now, but that wasn't going to happen. John was not ready to let go.
“You don’t understand, Greg. You have no idea, I- I can’t-” John could see her struggling to restrain herself, and it was obviously a losing battle.
"She was," John's voice nearly cracked with emotion, nearly, "and I'm sorry that she's not here for this. We both wanted it so much." They shared another few moments of silence together before John decided that a change of topic was in order. "Have the doctors run any tests yet?"
“I will give you a piece of my heart. I can’t promise all of it, but I can promise that what I have, I give to you. It’s been so long, butI’m ready to start.”
"Mycroft, if you didn't want me to get into this computer you should have chosen a less obvious passcode, or at least change it at least once a month. Failing it would be advisable to change your keyboard every so often because I can clearly see the most typed characters and it's not a difficult leap to figure out which order they go in-"
"Sherlock, you've done so well today. You've been incredibly brave and I understand that it hurts, God knows I do. It's killing me to see you like this but need you to look at me."
John did not want to hear words of sympathy. He wanted to see Sherlock, so he turned and walked out of the room without another word.
“And they’re competent?” Sherlock asked as they moved into the corridor outside. “If they’re anything like your current team I shouldn’t have too much hope.”
His train of thought was cut off by music that suddenly permeated through the cab. It wasn’t even decent music, like Vivaldi, Mozart or Tchaikovsky. It was a tinny, bass line jumping up and down the octaves to the steady beat of a drum. Sherlock vaguely recognised it from somewhere, but couldn’t quite place the name or the artist.
Greg hung up again. It was his fifth attempt in fifteen minutes. He decided a trip to Baker Street was in order.
on the way, and in the space of one evening it had all been taken from him. Every chance of happiness he had was viciously stolen from him through another man's stupidity.
Sherlock ran his hands through his long curls. He really needed to get them cut, but that would risk exposing himself too soon. As they agreed, only when John was ready. Sherlock had been ready from the word ‘go’. Mrs Hudson saw the look on Sherlock’s face, and a stab of pity went through her chest. He tries so hard, she thought.
Sherlock dropped his hands and ran to the kitchen sink – there wasn’t enough time to make it to the bathroom – and threw up violently. His stomach seemed intent on emptying itself of all its contents, which wasn’t much. Sherlock continued to heave, his throat was burning, he felt dizzy – surely the room must have been spinning for him to feel like this.
Every mission started the same. John arrived in a new city, he was given he assignment by one of Mycroft's men after they had given him the code word of the day that signalled the man or woman could be trusted. He'd move into the assigned safe location, before sitting and planning how to get through the next leg of this task of dismantling what was left of Moriarty's network. These individual missions took at least a week, and often involved John getting himself captured to be able to more efficiently infiltrate the organisations and criminal gangs.
Sherlock had looked up at these words. He’d never noticed it before, but hearing someone say it out loud made Sherlock realise how similar he and John actually were.
And that’s what he did. He mirrored Sherlock’s earlier movements, although perhaps with not as much grace and agility – seriously, every movement that man made wouldn’t have looked out of place in the royal ballet.
John was not in the living room. Sherlock turned to his left and found him sat at the kitchen table, exactly as he had been that morning. He had a cup of tea in his hand, and was taking a sip from it as Sherlock entered the room. There was a second cup of tea positioned exactly opposite John. Sherlock removed his coat and scarf, hanging them up behind the door, took his place at the table and picked up his tea. Both men just sat there, drinking, not even looking at each other. As usual, John was the first to speak.
John’s first date with Mary went well. Sherlock hadn’t even tried to ruin it. She was much like her sister in the fact that they both possessed a razor sharp intellect which impressed Sherlock far more than he let on. That and also neither of the sisters had been particularly offended or angry about any of the deductions Sherlock made about them. In fact, Mary had laughed with glee and asked him to do it again. Sherlock – the arrogant, spotlight-loving git – had obliged immediately, only stopping when John insisted that he and Mary had to be going because the restaurant he had chosen would not hold the reservation for them if they were late. John and Mary had chatted, laughed and John realized that he was enjoying her company immensely, and allowed himself a glimmer of hope that maybe, just maybe, this could work out.
Molly could sense all of this, and knew how difficult it was for the consulting detective to even consider moving on from John's 'death'. Another wave of guilt crashed over her for the part she played in orchestrating John's fall because she saw the pain it caused Sherlock. But she was determined not to think about that.
Mycroft watched the reunion from the window. At the sight of the two men together, Mycroft stepped back, and made his way down the corridor. Officially his work was done. John had come home; both men were safe, Moriarty’s web dissolved.
Months passed and they took on more cases, argued more about how leaving a set of lungs in the fridge right next to the leftover stew is completely unhygienic, ate more takeaway and just living their lives. But John didn’t seem to go out on any more dates, meaning that he was around Sherlock almost constantly, which made it increasingly more difficult for Sherlock to avoid the problem he was facing.
“When Sir Boast-A-Lot woke up in the care of the court physician, he could not remember where he was, or what he was doing there. He had no memory of his recent life, he didn’t know who anyone was, or even who he was himself.” Once again, his face turned sad, and yet it still felt mocking, patronizing.
There was a harsh screeching noise as Sherlock suddenly cut off his playing. Greg fled back into the room, panicking that some,thing had happened to him. Sherlock had resumed his staring out of the window, and Greg was just about to turn and leave again when he heard it. A small, quiet voice, cracking and raspy from disuse, but could only be coming from one person.
One thing’s for certain, Sherlock thought as he listened to the rhythms of John’s breathing and his own heartbeat, he was not leaving 221B Baker Street any time soon.
John felt restless. He wanted to get out and about, get a case and watch Sherlock work his magic. But he didn’t feel ready. He couldn’t quite put his finger on why, but he was aware of the feeling in the pit of his stomach. He watched Sherlock move about the flat, getting the shopping, removing the pills. This made John feel better, it confirmed that Sherlock cared enough to search the entire flat, every nook and cranny, every crack in the floorboard and every hiding place, to make sure John would never attempt to take his own life again. But still this felling was present. Not growing, not shrinking, just lying dormant, waiting.
“Oh.” John had been planning on twisting the truth just to get out of there sooner. He did not like the tension between Molly and himself, especially as neither of them had really spoken to each other before. “No, I haven’t been having the easiest of times getting used to it.”
When Sherlock woke the next morning, he did not feel the ache in his stomach of knowing another day lay ahead where he did not have John. Because now he did. Now, as he had his arms wrapped around John’s waist, holding him tightly against his chest, fingers weaved together on John’s stomach, and burying his nose into the nape of John’s neck, he was glad he’d never have to feel that ache again.
Sherlock straightened next to John, and joined him in just staring at the gravestone. The fact that Sherlock had come down here, laid flowers at Mary's grave, and then chosen to stay with John sent a jolt of emotion though John's chest.
Sherlock gestured toward the sofa, where Mycroft took a seat. Sherlock lowered himself into his armchair and turned to face his brother
“Go on.” John encouraged, his pulse had quickened in anticipation, he could hear the beating of his own heart in his ears, which was probably a bad sign but he chose to ignore it.
"Christ, I can imagine.” Lestrade gave him a sympathetic and very manly slap on the back, withdrawing to drain the rest of his pint. “Are things really that bad?"
Sherlock immediately moved to the kitchen, pretending that he had not just been thinking about John for a whole five hours – people might talk.
John looked on fondly as Sherlock scanned the paperwork, his eyes moving swiftly across the white pages. He let out a contented sigh – highly inappropriate for the situation they were in. But he let it out nevertheless. Sherlock continued to look intensely at the words in front of him.
And Sherlock has felt all of these things acutely. He's knows what it is to be in love, and he knows what it is to have that love unrequited. And it is this, this unrequited love, this adoration, and this sentiment, which nearly becomes the downfall of the great consulting detective.
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson,” said a deep voice from the doorway. Caught up in the moment, John and Mrs Hudson hadn’t heard Sherlock stop playing and enter the kitchen. “We sincerely look forward to having you.” His lips twisted up into a half-smile, which for Sherlock, was like a massive grin. Mrs Hudson pulled both men into a tight hug, one arm thrown around each of them.
Sherlock had solved the case quickly. It was similar to the case with the two kidnapped children – the case that had lead to Sherlock’s downfall. It was a footprint, which allowed Sherlock to identify the murderer. No one made a comment, not even Anderson, who accompanied them as part of the forensics team. Ex-lover, worked at the docks, not much older than the woman who he’d killed. He was jealous of the new guy in the young woman’s life. He’d gone to her flat, to pick up the remainder of his belongings that he’s left behind. There had been an argument. A neighbour had overheard loud voices coming from her flat, both seemed furious. He’d managed to hear some snatches of the argument, which Sherlock had listened to intently.
“It's not a favour, Sherlock, I wanted to.” They held each others gaze after John said this, letting the words drift between them, and John felt the rift that separated them close slightly. Sherlock held out his hand, and John took it without a moments hesitation.
Knowing that he shouldn’t let Sherlock be running around London in this state, especially after days cooped up in the flat, John ran upstairs and quickly changed, before grabbing his own coat and running out of the door, closing it behind him and into the cold, London air. He turned his head each way down the street, before deciding to try going left first. He set off at a brisk pace, keeping his eyes peeled for a mop of ebony curls on top of a blue scarf and thick, black trench-coat.
Molly made her way around the table and brought her hands up to his face, wiping at something beneath his eyes and along his cheekbones. It was only then that Sherlock noticed the tears. Damn, he thought he'd stopped crying, but it seemed like his body had other ideas.
The sound of John’s agonizing shout pierced through his mind and brought him immediately back to the present. Molly’s hands were wrapped around his arms, keeping him upright. His own hands were tangled in his hair, almost ripping it out.
The cab was fairly warm, but not unpleasantly. It smelled vaguely of cigarette smoke – the cabbie had probably not been abiding by the ‘no smoking in cars’ rule – which caused Sherlock to begin to crave what he’d been depriving himself of since he had returned to Baker Street after his stay with Mycroft. But he’d promised Mycroft not to touch anything harmful – be it narcotics or plain cigarettes – ever again. Sherlock had thought it was just a case of ‘big brother syndrome’, but Mycroft had then gone on to make him promise “for John’s sake, if nothing else.” Something inside of Sherlock had made him make the promise, although he couldn’t quite put his finger on it. He’d guessed at perhaps it was his subconscious using memories of his past to make decisions. Perhaps Mycroft knew this also, and that’s why he was using John as an excuse to make Sherlock…
Sherlock swooped away, pulling out his phone and dialing a number, probably Mycroft, leaving John and Lizzie still leaning over the tiny scuff marks on the floor. Lestrade walked over to them, and after John explained what had just happened to him, he clapped Liz on the back.
John raised his hands to Sherlock's face, his thumb running back and forth across Sherlock's cheekbone. Sherlock couldn't feel it, though how could he feel something that wasn't there?
John considered this as he stared into his glass, empty now save a small amount of white froth at the bottom.
“I tracked them. All three of them. I stayed with Molly for a few days whilst formulating a plan-” Molly would have been delighted, thought John, “before heading straight out to where I was sure the first one was hidden in Brighton, the one who was assigned to Lestrade. Of course he had bolted, but had left so much evidence as to where he had gone it made me wonder why Moriarty hired him in the first place. He man was a complete idiot.”
“I never want to talk about it,” John replied, flashing his best, roguish smile at Bill. It didn’t quite reach his eyes. Bill smiled back, expression full of worry and concern. “There’s not much to say. I watched my best friend tip over the edge of a bridge with a madman and then never even got to see the body. His brother showed me photographs. It doesn’t feel real some days, but it’s hardly the most gruesome death we’ve seen.”
Her brilliant red curls had been dyed a darker, muted brown, but it still swarmed over her shoulders like a storm cloud. Her eyes were bright and laughing at him, and around her throat was a verdant key that held an almost supernatural glow. “You really should eat something, John.”
Sherlock eyed Mycroft carefully. His brother did not usually consult him unless it truly was a matter of importance. He had registered the earlier comments about urgency and importance, however, Mycroft did love his theatrics, as he proved every time he sent the sleek black car to kidnap John. But something was different this time. He looked at Mycroft, really looked, and began to unravel what was before him. He saw the darkened circles under Mycroft’s eyes. So, he hadn’t been sleeping well, not for at least a week, only taking rest when it was demanded of him by his body, a feeling Sherlock knew all too well. He looked thinner, not eating. This surprised Sherlock in the extreme. Eating was Mycroft’s favourite part of the day, and had been since childhood. Mycroft’s whole manner looked disheveled. He was slumped over ever so slightly, and a sense of defeat was just radiating off of him. His suit was crumpled and several hairs were lying out of place, not concentration upon his appearance. His fingernails were slightly yellowed, and the smell of smoke, and the dusting of ash on the toe of Mycrofts right shoe told Sherlock that he had taken up smoking again. Mycroft was not one for hypocrisy, but here he was, desperately trying to get Sherlock off of the ‘death sticks’ – as John had once so lovely called them – whilst lighting them up the moment Sherlock was out of sight. Something was wrong, very wrong.
“Oh. Okay.” Sherlock smiled, he could just picture her now, a tiny, blonde haired girl, a perfectly formed figure with deep blue eyes and a smile that could melt hearts. Sherlock imagined for a moment what it could be like to have a family with John, but it hurt, knowing the reality he was facing.
Sherlock was refusing to look at him, eyes firmly staring at the floor, which was apparently much more interesting than John.
"Shh, Mary. Don't say that." The moment was so intimate and tender that John filled with emotions. He was very aware of how little time they had left like this, and choose instead to enjoy being in the presence of his beautiful wife, and cherishing every second they had together. His hand moved from her face to stroke her short, blonde hair in what was supposed to be reassuring movements, but John's hands were shaking too much as he became overcome with premature grief. Mary did a good job of pretending not to notice.
Mycroft slumped back into the wall, scrubbing his hands across his face and through his thinning, reddish hair.
John watched the dust rise and fall in the light of the sun, now shining brilliantly over London and through the curtains of 221B. John mind was hurtled back to when he’d first visited the flat after 2 years of mourning the loss of Sherlock. There had been dust there too, but quite a bit more than there was now. Sherlock never did like it when Mrs Hudson dusted. John chuckled in spite of himself. Sherlock really could be like a petulant child sometimes. He remembered when Mrs Hudson had tried to clean the flat up for the first time after John had moved in. Sherlock had thrown quite a tantrum, and although Sherlock will deny it, John was certain that the younger man had pouted after she took away his skull as punishment for his temper. John immediately felt guilty about remembering when Sherlock could not, and so quickly turned his attention back to the dancing specks of dust floating in the sunlight.
“Well if you’d bothered, you would have seen that before you strided,” for Mrs Hudson felt that ‘walked’ was not the right word for Sherlock, “into his life, he had nothing. He did absolutely nothing with himself. He was just trapped inside his head, all day, everyday, very much like you. And even more like you, he was lonely, although he would have never admitted that to anyone.”
Mary refused to leave John’s side, which is how they ended up in the consultant’s office. A few words floated around John’s mind, a mixture of his own and the consultant’s
He had heard this tone of voice many, many times. It was often because one of his experiments had gone awry, and Mycroft, being the only family member Sherlock had ever listened to, was always the one to sternly tell him off. Sherlock had admired his eldest brother so much as a child that it bordered on idolization. He would listen to every single word Mycroft articulated, and whatever he said must have been true because it was Mycroft who said it. Mycroft protected him, guided him. Sherlock made him promise when he was about four years old, that he would never leave. Mycroft, still being young at only the age of eleven, promised.
“Sherlock, I think we need to let go of everything that we’ve been through. We’ll let go together okay and unfold out new future with each other.” John looked away as his thoughts came tumbling out of his mouth. He chose to look at their joined hands instead. It was somehow easier to talk this way. “I know we’ll probably drive each other utterly crazy, and break each other’s hearts, but I’m prepared to fight for us. When you get sick of the everyday predictability and you’re bored to tears, when you never want to hear my voice. Even if you tell me to walk out the door and never come back, I will always fight for us, and I will always stay with you.”
Sherlock zeroed in on their joined hands and held on tightly. His eyes opened wide as if this simple act was the most fascinating thing he had ever come across. Eventually, once he was satisfied that John wasn’t letting go anytime soon, he moved his gaze from their hands to John’s face, which was settled into an expression of bemusement.
Miles away, in a small holding cell in Russia, a man was fighting for his survival, fighting to finish what he'd given up everything for, fighting to come home.
Mycroft’s face softened at his brother’s threats. Sherlock had always made threats like this, even when they were growing up, but he had never followed through on any of them.
“Your point is?” Sherlock had adopted the impatient tone that was only ever used with John if he was stating the obvious.
. It's bad enough that I had to bury him today, but please don't make me face the ghosts of our past. I'm not ready to do that."
And with that, they descended he stairs and headed out into the London night. Sherlock breathed a deep lungful of the chilly air. Being outside again, walking through the streets, observing and deducing people as they went, it was good, refreshing. It cleared his head of the cloud that had fogged his mind with grief and he took the first tentative step towards moving on.
Sherlock seemed to be the only one unaffected by this, his expression remained the cool mask of indifference that he seemed to adopt in these situations. And – unless John was very much mistaken, which he often wasn’t in regards to Sherlock – he thought he could see a hint of a smile playing around the corners of his mouth.
The first thing they'd done was to watch back the CCTV footage in Mycroft's office. John thought it was extremely under furnished – minimalist, in fact. There was no life, not character, no sense of a living being occupying it. Quite the opposite to Baker Street. The white walls reminded him of the walls of a hospital ward, or a prison cell. It felt confining. The carpet was beige, and very dull. The lights were harsh and uncomfortable, john was already starting to get a headache. How Mycroft could work in these conditions he'd never understand. An expensive looking portrait of something – john could not determine what it was – was hung up on the back wall, providing the room with the little colour Mycroft seemed to allow. There was a plant in the corner of the room, just behind the large, overbearing desk. It looked well loved. John laughed to himself, how could Mycroft take better care of a plant than his brother?
After making a cuppa for both himself and Sherlock, he made his way back into the living room, and after passing off one mug – the one full of sugar – to his flatmate, she sat down in his armchair, facing his friend.
The next day, whenever John was in the room, Sherlock’s agile and adept fingers would begin to tap out a repetitive rhythm.
Sherlock’s eyes closed and his face crewed up in concentration. H took in several deep breaths before he spoke. Clearly this was taking a lot of effort on Sherlock’s part, but John didn’t let go, he kept his eyes focused on Sherlock’s face.
After taking out yet another of Moriarty's associates, John would await his next location, not so secretly hoping that he could go home. He had been very vocal about it.
Sherlock clapped his hands together, steepling his fingers as if in prayer and tucking them beneath his chin as her whirled in a circle, coat floating out gracefully behind him.
“Well, I best leave you to it! I’m expecting five-star service tomorrow you realise.” She winked at Sherlock and John as she exited the kitchen. They listened to her shuffle down the stairs. “Goodnight you two,” she shouted up the stairs, “sleep well.”
“You what?” John stared at Sherlock, mouth open, eyes bulging, he had surprised John. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"Invade space that one would consider their 'personal bubble'." Sherlock made quotation marks in the air as John looked back at him.
“Sherlock, you owe me nothing, I should have talked it through with you before, but I’ll admit I was expecting a different reaction.”
Mycroft had left after about an hour of staring worriedly at Sherlock’s unconscious form, and that was about half an hour ago, but now he re-entered the room, clutching something in his hand.
But John was straight – or at least, always insisting that he wasn’t Sherlock’s date. John could never want Sherlock they way Sherlock wanted John, needed John, like air in his lungs and blood in his veins. And Sherlock could never put any of this into words. Sherlock was sure John was just being friendly. Surely this was the normal behaviour of close friends?
John leaned forwards again, reaching out his hand to lay it on Sherlock's wrist, forcing the detective to pay attention to him. It had the desired effect and Sherlock turned his face up to meet his gaze. Two sets of contrasting blue eyes met, and John gave Sherlock's arm a reassuring squeeze.
He didn't go to see Sherlock when he returned. He didn't know what to say to the man. He would have continued to avoid Baker Street if it weren't for Mycroft, who had turned up at his and Mary's home unexpectedly one morning.
He would have liked the sunflowers best, Sherlock thought. They would have reminded him of happiness. He would have wanted people to be happy, not sad or worried.
Molly’s eyes filled with tears and her hands flew to her mouth as she suppressed a sob. Knowing that Sherlock currently blamed her for John’s state, and that there was a strong possibility that the strong friendship that she had formed with the tall, dark and alluring detective might be shattered beyond repair was surely breaking poor Miss Hooper’s heart.
. He was going to be a father. John couldn't quite wrap his head around it. It was a truly perfect day.
John had not forgotten her. No. Far from it. But with very recent developments,she had not been at the forefront of his mind. The mention of his wife bought yet more emotions to overwhelm John, especially now, as Sherlock could finally remember and appreciate her for the woman she had been.
It was a simple affair, with only a few close family and friends, she wouldn’t have wanted anything more.
Sherlock would constantly wear him out, cause frustration beyond words, heartache that couldn’t be described, and anger like John had never known, and yet none of that mattered anymore. Because seeing Sherlock like this, in this place, it was like a wave that washed all of those feelings away, leaving only adoration and overwhelming love like John had never experienced
"-then I'm bloody well going to do it. I am not losing you again, Sherlock Holmes. Because if I do I'll... I'll..."
Hope that this chapter was okay! I know it's not as exciting as many other fics, but this was the way I always intended it to go. I think this fix has one more chapter to go to tie up any loose ends. Let me know what you think!
He hadn’t left the hospital since they arrived on the night of the chase. John had been checked over and was cleared by the nurses on duty. He’s then followed Sherlock as the doctors performed various tests and scans, until they had set him up on one of the empty wards. He’d spent a few minutes trying to regain control of his emotions, but it was difficult when he was in the same room as Sherlock when he was in this state. He'd quickly gone outside for some fresh air and to ring Mary, because John knew she would have been worrying all evening about them. John explained everything to her, voice quivering and breaking as he spoke. She told him she’d be there in ten minutes.
They continued the car journey until they reached the polished front door of a rather large, white, marble house. John turned to pick up his shopping, but Anthea gestured for him to leave it in the car and proceed into the house – at least that’s what John assumes from the tiny flutter of her hand in the general direction of the shopping and then beyond the door.
John ran his hand through his hair, before turning back to his friend, who had returned his attentions to the laptop screen. His eyes were darting back and forth, reading the lines of text at a rate that John had never seen. John collected the other two mugs and deposited one in front f Sherlock, who didn’t even flinch. Curiosity got the better of John, and he leaned over Sherlock’s shoulder, resting one hand on the back of Sherlock’s chair, and one on the desk, to find out what was so interesting that it required Sherlock’s fullest attention.
But only if she showed more to Sherlock. After all, he couldn’t respect someone who was rude and downright spiteful to his best friend.
“John, I know this is difficult for you, but Sherlock needs you. He will remember, I am sure, soon enough. I am not often wrong, John. But it will take time, and your support is all you can give him. He needs you here.”
Mary was good for him. Mary made him happy, deliriously so. Mary made him stronger. But Mary was no miracle worker. Sherlock was still broken, and John wanted desperately to fix him.
“There was ice everywhere, and I saw this man slip on the ice holding two bags of shopping that were full to bursting. He was obviously stocking up due to the weather.”
“Thank you.” John looked up. Sherlock had put his now empty cup on the table between them, and was leaning towards John, a look of absolute sincerity on his face.
And with that Sherlock Holmes shot James Moriarty, his greatest adversary, most alluring puzzle and biggest threat.
“Goodnight Sherlock, love.” She half turned towards him and saw his outline stood by the door, watching her leave. She made her way slowly down the stairs when she heard the door finally shut.
is the point in trying to help you if it’s obvious you don’t want my help?” How dare Sherlock imply that he was abandoning him. How
He wanted to wake up in the morning and see John there, in his bed, with him. He wanted to protect John and in turn know that John would protect him. He wanted to hold John close, and be held close. He wanted to show John off to the world, so everyone would know that John belonged to him and that he belonged to John. To finally show that someone wanted him as everyone wanted to be wanted. He wanted to share everything with him, and in turn learn everything there is to learn about John Watson. He wanted to kiss John, to claim his mouth with his own and show John just how much he meant to him. He wanted to take John apart, and wanted to be taken apart by John. He wanted everything. He had never felt this way before, and had never considered any of this with anyone else. He wanted to share is ambitions, his life, even his name. A future without John was not a future Sherlock wanted.
Mycroft had immediately moved into in Sherlock’s bedroom, making sure everything was to an adequate standard. John stood in the middle of the flat. He felt useless, alien, like he was invading an unknown territory. But that was ridiculous. 221B had always been home. Mycroft cleared his throat behind him, and John turned to look at the eldest Holmes brother – the only one with any memory of who he was.
"So, seeing as you panic at the mere idea of me departing, and the decision to let you lead your life without me, actually reduced me to tears." John had choked on his food when Sherlock admitted to him that he'd been crying to Mrs Hudson. Sherlock, crying? It was a combination that didn't sit comfortably in John's mind. "We clearly have no option but to stay with each other. Which means, we need to sort this out."
John focused on the warmth radiating from the hand he was clutching in the cold of the afternoon. He and Mary were walking around one of London’s many parks, hand in hand, not talking, just enjoying each other’s company. John honestly did not know what he would do without Mary’s constant support. She was the one constant in John’s life at the moment, always providing the strength that John needed. She could have come with him to Baker Street, being a nurse she was more than qualified. But John knew that Mary was giving them space. John needed to be the one to help Sherlock, and he wanted to do it alone, and she respected that.
It should have been fatal. Should have been, but wasn't, because John Watson possessed the uncanny ability to always elude death's eternal clutches.
His inner Mycroft stepped aside as he made his way towards the group fighting against the door. One by one, they each started to notice him and silently backed away, allowing him to move further towards the door until only John remained, still fully focused on breaking it down.
It continued whenever there was a solid surface and John was in the room. Sherlock sighed in relief, and felt some of the tension that had been building in his body. He no longer felt like a tightly wound spring, and he felt himself relax more as he continued to tap out his message.
"There's no point," he could hear himself saying. He did not shout, for he did not need to here, not in the confines of his own mind.
She would have like that, simple, elegant, and gets to the point. It had been hard to sum such an amazing, beautiful person in so few words, but John felt like he had chosen the right ones.
He was stood on a rooftop, presumably Bart’s Hospital from the look of the street below. The wind was swirling around him and he could feel a trail of tears running down his face. His arms were stretched out to the side, like angel’s wings and he took a step forward, off of the edge of the building.
John couldn't get the words out. He simply could not explain to Sherlock what was happening, or how it was effecting him. Sherlock was the genius, surely he should be able to figure out what was happening without John to spell it out for him.
John gasped as he tried to control his sobs, enough to speak into the phone, hoping that one simple word would show how much he was breaking, how much he needed them with him, to fix him.
“Yes. I’ll be right there.” He hung up. His phone dropped to the floor. He held his head in his hands to stop it from spinning, the whole world was on a slant. He forced himself to gasp a few lungful’s of air before attempting to stand. His legs were clearly stronger than he’d given them credit for, and he felt them move automatically towards the door, stooping first so he could retrieve his fallen phone. He put his coast back on and headed outside into the world again. Although this time, there was no thrill of the chase, he couldn’t feel the blood pumping in his veins. John was numb, and it was very much just him, alone, against the rest of the world which seemed hell-bent on making John’s life as difficult, and as full of pain as possible.
Mycroft had explained everything over the phone to Greg. The fall, the missions, and his current condition. After he had hung up, the greying DI had been in a state of shock. However, this had not stopped him from shooting out of his door, into his car and straight to Bart’s.
He was so full of blind fury that the clothes were stuffed so forcefully, the seams of the bag were beginning to break. John didn't care. He needed to get home, and every minute he spent in Baker Street was a minute away from Mary.
The doctor had explained the situation to him briefly. “John hasn’t left you’re side the entire time Mr Holmes. Indeed, you have a loyal friend.”
After leaving the flat, Sherlock made his way to the only place he could think to go – St Bart’s. He needed data, science, facts. Not these stupid, useless feelings that the rest of the world insisted on having. No. He was not like the rest of the world.
It was now Mycroft’s turn to clear his throat. Sherlock and John both looked back up at him, with expression that told Mycroft that they had just forgotten there was someone else in the flat with them. “When you have quite finished your little domestic squabble and begin to behave like the grown ups you are, may we get back to the matter in hand?”
Sherlock's expression was so comically melodramatic that John honest-to-God thought he would die of laughter in the back of the cab. The cabbie was giving them annoyed glances in the mirror - honestly, some people just didn't behave like normal, mature adults.
He paced around the flat, at a loss for what to do with himself. He could feel his hear beating at a record pace. He was vaguely aware that he was shaking, trembling like a taught violin string that had been plucked a little too violently. He felt on edge, and needed to get out.
His head was spinning. He could feel the splitting pain returning, as if someone was ramming a white hot needle straight through his skull until it pierced the other side. He felt his vision go funny, and could feel wind whipping around him. But there shouldn’t be any wind in the lab.
Sherlock walked up to John and gently reached out his hand to brush along the limp one lying by John's side.
“Just a quick detour first.” Anthea’s eyes never moved. John wondered what on earth, or who on earth, could require so much attention from the woman. It seemed of vital importance however, as her hands were never idle.
There was no noise in the flat. They used to have a clock, but Sherlock found the ticking distracting and highly irritating. It hadn’t taken long for a bullet to be fired straight through it, and that was the end of the clock. Since then, John and Sherlock had always relied on their phones to keep them updated on the time. John’s phone was laid on the small side table, which was now at the side of John’s armchair. The table had a habit of moving from one side of the room to the other, depending on whoever needed it the most. It was most often on John’s side of the room, because he often rested his empty mugs there after a cup of tea, or a book he’d had to abandon mid-sentence when a case came up that required the duo’s immediate attention. Looking at where it sat now, John realised that Sherlock hadn’t moved it since he’d last lived in Baker Street. His brows furrowed in confusion as he continued to focus his attention on the table, rather than what on Earth Sherlock could be doing
John had slept with the door open ever since he arrived back at Baker Street, just in case something happened in the middle of the night and John needed to get to Sherlock quickly, although as of yet, this hadn’t happened.
Lestrade laughed and looked between the two. “I honestly will never understand how you put up with him John, but, after hearing what you said, I understand that you have to.”  He slapped John and Sherlock on the shoulders and then ran his hand through his short, silver hair. “Well, I have a case to see to, so I must be off. I hope they don’t give you too much fuss as you leave.” Lestrade smiled at the men, but made no effort to move.
When Mycroft had left the room and the door had shut behind him, Sherlock finally stopped struggling. His muscles went slightly slack, however there was still overriding tension throughout his whole body.
Her attraction had been blatantly obvious from the moment she set eyes on him. It was in this very lab, she was just starting her first day here in Bart’s and Sherlock happened to be right in the middle of a case. She’d smiled and giggled at all of Sherlock’s explanations as to why he was there, even though there was nothing remotely funny about them. Her hands had made their way up to her ponytail and her fingers played with the long, reddish brown strands of hair.
John wanted to punch something, something breakable. He wanted to tear his hair out. He wanted to scream. He wanted to create a scene right in the middle of the hospital. He wanted to throw the chairs. He wanted to burn the piece of paper that said Mary – his Mary – was going to die.
John was being held in a tiny, decrepit holding cell in Mexico City. He was the prisoner of one of the biggest drug lords under Moriarty's control, who also happened to be the most ruthless and unforgiving of anyone who infiltrated his organisation. It would have been an act of mercy to kill John, but Señor Alvarez was not a merciful man, and seemed intent on dragging John's suffering out for as long as possible.
He was immediately sent into surgery. The surgeons worked tirelessly to remove the bullet from John's chest, having been informed that this was a very high priority patient. It was very close to his lungs, uncomfortably so. At two points, they could hear the long, loud note which helpfully pointed out that the patient's heart had stopped beating.
John smiled. "I'd like to meet this sister of yours, it seems that I owe her a thank-you at least. Sherlock's very particular, and what you did today was extraordinary." Liz's eye's sparkled.
“Good morning, Doctor Watson,” she chirped. “Need a lift? Weather’s appalling.” John wondered just how she knew this. Her perfectly manicured hands where constantly glued to her phone, and her eyes seemed to do the same.
“Greg.” John breathed. “I need to- I- Please.” John’s voice broke on the last word as he quietly begged his unspoken request.
“No you don’t,” replied Sherlock, with an almost child-like smile plastered on his face. The two men laughed together, not looking at each other, but down towards their now empty cups. Their whole situation seemed impossibly good, a man back from the dead, to bring his friend back from the dead. But as they sat there, both men reflected, and realised that neither of them would change this feeling for anything.
John had always grown up thinking that he would have his ‘dream life’, a normal life of becoming a doctor, getting married to a lovely woman and starting a family. But after all that had happened – Afghanistan, getting shot, meeting Sherlock, watching him die not once, not twice but now four times, and marrying an international assassin – John realised that he would never have been happy that way. He could never have ‘normal’.
John smiled as he watched her, before picking up the three mugs, all still half full, and moving them back into the kitchen.
“Yes, of course I do. It was amazing, it was quite extraordinary.” Sherlock’s eyes closed at the words, as if they were soothing to him.
Still, as he walked through the streets of London, he couldn’t help but notice the volume of people staring. One girl, early 20s – 22 judging by the way she dressed, the people she was with, the bleach-blonde pixie cut hair and the make-up plastering her face –seemed to have more courage than most. She approached the tall, dark-haired man and asked him, “Are you that detective that jumped? The fake? Aren’t you meant to be dead?”
John was lost for words. It was a good few seconds before he thought of a suitable response, enough time for Lestrade to order his third drink, whilst John was still only halfway through his second. "Wow, that's not something you see everyday."
One again, they stood in silence, side by side. John didn't want to break the delicate silence between them.
Sherlock paused to compose himself before he continued. Jason had never heard any of this, and it was a large deal to hear of a whole other life of someone you thought that you knew well.
"What is there to sort? You said it yourself! 'We clearly have no option but to stay with each other.' What more is there to discuss?" John didn't look at Sherlock as he said this. He couldn't meet his eyes, he didn't want to see the spark fade.
When John woke up, he was no longer chained up. I'm fact, he was sat quite independently on a steel chair. There was a table in front of. Him, where his torso was resting, slumped over. Joy picked his head up, trying to assess the situation. There were two guards stood either side of him, obviously there as a precaution I'm case John decided to pull any stunts. Stupidly, only one of them was armed, and the gun was within John's reach, if he could get his body to cooperate.
All at once, the laughter stopped, but the hollow echoes continued through the corridors. A voice - male, heavily accented, irish - rang through the halls. The voice began to sing, slowly, hauntingly. A familiar tune to a simple nursery rhyme. It sent a bone deep wave of terror through Sherlock's imaginary body.
The one word rang out as clear as a bell. The one word caused Sherlock to see red, and tune out everything as it continued to swirl and echo around his head. Yes, Mycroft had known. Yes, Mycroft had sent John away. Mycroft had let John get hurt. And he hadn’t said a word to Sherlock.
He caught a cab back to Baker Street, surprisingly light traffic for London. He made his way up the stairs, listening carefully for any sounds of life. He desperately hoped that Sherlock had just gone out briefly, and had returned to the flat many hours before. But as John opened the door and was greeted by silence, he realized that this was a foolish hope. He deposited his coat on the hook behind the door, sat down in his armchair and waited.
The second date, if possible, was even better. Even despite the fact that Sherlock decided to tag along. They’d taken a walk through St Jame’s park. Sherlock was deducing random passers-by, which greatly entertained both of them immensely. Things were looking good for the budding romance.
The atmosphere in 221B was relaxed, welcoming and warm, reminiscent of the time spent there before Sherlock had left.
"You want to know what Sherlock and I talked about." Of course Mary could figure it out. She'd always been able to read him like a book, and today was obviously no different.
Sherlock's legs moved without his permission, his body acting before his mind had had a chance to catch up. He had no idea where he was going, until he reached a closed door and his hand was on the handle.
Maybe John was missing the thrill of the chase, the feel of adrenaline pumping through his veins. Yes, this seemed the most likely thing. So Sherlock let him in on the Magnussen case, involving breaking into his office with a fake engagement to Mary’s maid of honour. John looked affronted on behalf of Janine, but Sherlock could not have cared less. He did not care for Janine, just as John did not care for Sherlock in that way.
Eventually, John extracted himself from Sherlock’s tight grasp and straightened himself. He knew what was happening, he was falling back into Captain Watson. He quickly looked up at his (now, again) flat mate, gave a short nod before turning away to make his way up to his bedroom.
And the day finally came. Mycroft extracted him from the terrorist cell in Serbia, saved him from the torture, and returned him to London. Home. Sherlock strived to remain aloof and impassive when discussing John with his brother, but in truth, Sherlock was desperate to return to his blogger, to see his smile, to hear his laugh, and to feel the love that seemed to fill him up whenever he was within close proximity of the doctor, or even when he was just thinking about him. John would forgive him, all would be well, Sherlock was sure of it.
Sherlock weaved his way between the gravestones, before stopping short at one. John moved to stand beside Sherlock, not touching, but lose enough to provide comfort to the taller, curly haired man. The stone was made of white marble, like all of the others, and engraved.
During the three weeks they had spent away from each other, when Mary was still alive, with breathe in her lungs and a beating heart, Sherlock had stayed with Mycroft. He’d gone back to Baker Street on the day he’d visited John and Mary.
"I think you need to speak to someone." Sherlock rose from the table and reached for his coat and scarf. John frowned. Sherlock was meant to be keeping on the down low. Why on earth was he about to walk out of the flat in his signature outfit, possibly revealing the fact that he was still alive to the whole world?
“John, what is the point in denying it? I’m obviously the most important thing in your life, or at least more so than Mary, otherwise you wouldn’t-”
They didn’t speak to one another until the cab stopped outside of the hospital. John got out and held the door open for Sherlock. But Sherlock didn’t move. Without looking away from his phone, he said, “Third floor, lab 3, Molly’s waiting for you.” And with that, he closed the door again, and the cab drove off, leaving John alone on the side of the street, completely clueless as to why he was there. John didn’t want to turn around. He knew that if he did, he’d see Sherlock fall from the tall, white building. Instead, he locked his eyes on the floor at his feet. This was no better. He could remember the blood, the thick, red liquid spreading over the rough, grey pavement where his body had made impact.
It was over breakfast that Sherlock bought up the subject of their current situation. He relayed his conversation with Mrs Hudson as John munched on his toast and jam. John noticed how much more alert. His eyes had something of the old sparkle back in them, the sparkle that John only ever saw when Sherlock was working on a case. He found it reassuring, it meant Sherlock knew what he was doing, and John trusted it as a gauge of where the case was going. But now was not the time to be reminiscing. Sherlock was bringing up a serious and valid point.
She smiled at both of them before gently patting Sherlock's cheek. John walked up the stairs first, and Sherlock held out his arm to Mrs Husdon, who blushed ever so lightly before looping her own arm through Sherlock's and allowing him to escort her up the stairs.
“Well, it’s how you get the girls to go home with you. Good stories win them over every time,” John teased, knowing full well he was full of crap.
“Comte. Raised in the country, spent your childhood between Paris and your Albi, preference for motherly figures. Oh, I see your surprise, monsieur, but I have French relatives in my family as well. You may know of them, the painter Vernet,” Sigerson shot off, flipping the card back and forth between his fingers. Henri adjusted his spectacles and offered a pleased smile.
John tried his best to glare at the man, although he was fairly certain at least one of his eyes was too swollen shut to communicate the appropriate annoyance. “I’m a doctor, he wasn’t wearing a mask. I told him it was bad for his health. He should have listened.” And then, “I’m sorry, did you say Sherlock bailed me out?”
“What?” John asked, tugging his underwear out of the drawer. He was about to say it was just a towel, perfectly decent coverings, but as he turned he felt a refreshingly chilly breeze on his lower half and looked down. The towel had fallen to the floor. Yelping, he leapt forward and turned the camera off on the chat, hearing Sherlock start to laugh.
It was all John could do not to slam the top of his laptop down as the Zoom meeting ended. He closed his eyes and pressed his lips together, forcing back his emotions. A painful lump was building in his throat. God dammit, he was a soldier, but that didn’t make anything easier when it came to losing people.
“Shut up, it wasn’t like that,” he said. He squinted as the sun shone through the clouds, brightening up the park even more. “Are you hungry? We should eat.”
“Good job,” John approved. In an attempt to look casual, he folded his hands on his desk, trying not to cringe when he forgot the sandwich at his elbow which ended up knocked into the bin.
“You really don’t,” Sherlock said, and he grew more confident. He dropped one of his arms and turned the gun towards his own head. All John could think was that Sherlock’s reasoning was if Moriarty wanted his brain, he’d best damage it now? Panic flooded the ex-angel’s body. “And you were meant to be clever.”
“Piss off,” Sherlock chuckled. John grinned. God, Sherlock was like something out of a dream. Like John, he seemed to only have one lamp on, casting him in shadows and mystery, but his pale skin still stood out. John couldn’t make out too many details of the shirt that he was wearing except that it seemed to be a dark, rich purple and it was so perfectly snug it practically screamed sex.
So many intelligent souls fell to his charms and were damned for all eternity. The silly reasons people chose to sin- for fame or recognition or fortune- but Sherlock wanted none of that. He merely wanted to solve his puzzles. If the alignments meant anything in reality, he would even go so far as to say that Sherlock was probably a chaotic good. He didn’t let anyone but John see it, but he did many good things. It just wasn’t always lawful.
“I explained to your receptionist that I have a personal issue only Dr. Watson would be able to solve,” Sherlock told him. He was reclined on a leather sofa, head propped up on the arm. His dark hair was wild and frizzing around his face, as though he had been running his hands through it while he worked through the case he was trying to solve. He rolled his eyes at John. “She may think it’s an erectile dysfunction. Your patient was transferred to the other physician.”
to listen that night when, under the cover of darkness, Sigerson had wept softly in his room. Of course, Fell had been listening! It was merely sometimes the actual facts of the case became a little muddled when there was so much else to hear.
The way her lips curved, like Fell’s did when he saw a particularly delicious pastry, left nothing to Sigerson’s imagination. She continued, seeming to delight in his discomfort. “You are not used to being on the receiving end of your own talents?”
“I only just got here, Louise. I’m sure he’s here,” Henry said, and she was snatched away, a blur of lace and legs, by a tall thin man. Henri laughed, turning back to the two men following him. “The Glutton. Do not leave your drinks alone with her, she will drink them before you even realize.”
avoiding someone who also lived there and, as his military days had taught him, stealth was sometimes necessary in delicate missions. Such as going to work.
“I call upon the spirits of the dead to listen to me! Damned souls, hear my call! Bring us the spirit of Sherlock Holmes!”
Sighing, John rinsed and stepped out of the shower. He dried himself and then wrapped the dampened towel around his waist before stepping back into the main room to get some clean clothes, but paused when he noticed his phone on the floor with the notification light blinking. It buzzed in his hand as he picked it up and swiped it open.
“You’re saving me from a frightfully dull afternoon with my wife and her friends,” John told him with a casual wave. The two boys exchanged a loaded glance at the phrase ‘wife’, but they said nothing on the subject. “No charge today.” John paused, and then he winked at Billy. “Mrs. Hudson would have
“Which one, monsieur? There were so many,” he teased, continuing to grip Fell. “Have you heard of me, then, from your French cousins?”
“Lucy. And you never answered my messages,” the dead woman told him. She motioned to the chair in front of her, beckoning for him to join her at her table. He did, but only because he felt his leg begin to throb and he was unsure if he’d remain standing. He was, after all, seeing a ghost.
“It’s written in every blog post and story you tell about him. You just have to read between the lines.” The day was fading. The sky was turning from orange to a dusky pink-purple, twilight blue edging in and the spring warmth tilting to cold. “I bet you’re starving and I forgot to grab something for us for dinner. There’s a good microbrewery a few blocks over and they do a great crab smothered pretzel. Let’s go get something to eat.”
Bill’s mouth opened and closed a few times, his eyes flicked around the room, as if searching for something. He hesitated, then pulled his cell phone from the pocket of his shirt. “Oh, speaker. I- I had her on speaker. She’s still out. Um, at work, I mean.”
John didn’t know where the light came from, but it was more blinding than any Heavenly light that he could recall. Everything was blanketed in blinding white and there were no more noises, no more pool sounds or words, nothing. It lasted for an indeterminate amount of time and when it faded, they were in Baker Street, in the front hall. John was panting from exertion, like a human that had run a marathon, but he didn’t know why. Sherlock was smirking at him, but instead of the condescending expression he’d shown Moriarty, there was a fondness when he looked at John.
“You didn’t come back, so I figured I’d come looking for you,” he explained. The wet day had turned sunny, but the spring air remained damp and chilly. A gentle breeze ruffled Bill’s hair as he spoke.
The usual warnings. I guess period typical prostitution and drug use? I'm actually probably going to have a lot of historical inaccuracies, so please bear with me, but I promise I did a lot of research for this one.
John nodded. He shivered, really starting to feel how cold the room was, and then nodded again at Bill. “Yeah, see you around lunch time.”
She shook her head. “No, sir. I’ve finished tidying up for the day and wondered if there was anything else you might require before I go home for the day.”
“I know, I know, that’s not- that’s, um. Okay, so I wasn’t thinking about that when I invited him, it just slipped out,” Bill replied. John could hear the sounds of a chair scuffing against the floor and then the familiar ritualistic sounds of coffee being made. Someone was filling the carafe with water from the sink and pouring it into the reservoir. Soon, the inviting scent of coffee was wafting through the house, making John’s mouth water just a little.
“Which way is that, because I’m going back to Philly,” John told her. She slid in, closing the door behind her. He watched her buckle her seatbelt before he pulled off again, threading his way back into traffic.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, placing his hands over where John’s heart would be if he actually had one. Everything changed. The blisters faded, the blood soaked back into John’s skin and his eyes turned an alarming shade of blue; one that John had only seen in the Above Place. A light began to shine, dusting over John’s skin and through his eyes, and it was bright. Even his wings didn’t look so very black. Sherlock grinned.
In the darkness, there was a snapping sound and all of the lights in the room, not just the candles in the center of the table, lit. Violet looked at him, with her lips pressed thin and twisted to the side. Her eyebrow was raised as she raked a judgemental gaze over his body, but what disturbed him the most was how yellow that gaze was. Her eyes were transformed into something entirely serpentine and it made his gut roil. When she finally answered him, she spoke in that unfamiliar voice.
There was a small creek running through the downtown area, with several decorated brick footbridges crossing over them. On one of these picturesque little bridges, John paused and leaned on the damp railing to glance down into the murky water. The reflection of the yellow sun that was painted on the bricks rippled back, twisting into something that reminded him of that sinister face from his nightmares. He shut his eyes.
So when he sat in a little cafe being both coldly and awkwardly rejected by this fascinating human with the delightfully perceptive brain, it ruffled his feathers, so to speak. It also made Sherlock all the more delicious. Ever since Adam bit into Eve’s apple, things that were usually out of reach were made all the more delightful once you had them.
“Don’t worry, time heals all wounds.” John hissed involuntarily at that one. Would people ever stop saying that?
“I need air,” John snapped, excusing himself from the room. He found his way to the top of the building and let his wings out, let his horror show through the kindly facade, feeling the feathers being ruffled in the wind. Moriarty in the same room with Sherlock, orchestrating a deadly game where humans lost their lives- it was all too much for the former angel turned army doctor.
“Mmm, you tell yourself so, if you wish to believe such a fairy tale. I, however, know the interests of Mycroft Holmes better than you ever will,” Sigerson said as they continued to walk. Fell rolled his eyes.
With too many people at the shops, desperate for an excuse to get out of the house, and the jealousy he’d already been feeling shifting into anger, John should have recognised he was too on-edge for a grocery store.
“Perhaps if you would tell me who sent you, I would explain it to you again,” Sigerson suggested. He took a long drag of his cigarette and started walking again. “I’ll even use very small words so you’re sure to understand this time.”
“Mettie, my Queen!” Henri exclaimed. He hopped up onto a bar stool, hanging his cane off the side of the bar. “I have brought you two lost little lambs from your own country.”
John’s lips tilted upwards. As he was alone in his office, he’d slipped the mask off and the air against his skin was nice. Was the violinist flirting with him? It seemed that way. [Looks intimately done. I’ve got patients. I’ll txt you ltr.]
It was too quiet and superbly boring. Oh, sure, at one point he might have enjoyed the long drive from Philly to wherever the hell it was Bill lived, but the hours of just listening to the radio as he drove through what had to be Amish country gave him too much room to think and he ended up hating it. There had been a case once, just after he’d started living with Sherlock, when they’d been called out to rural Pennsylvania. Sherlock had scoffed at John’s appreciation for the change in scenery.
“No. I should have thought that you, of all people, would know how I feel. You may not wish to speak of it, John, but I know there is someone you also long for,” Violet ground out between sulky, clenched teeth. Her eyes accused him of something he dare not name.
It was a lot like being stabbed by Sebastian, actually. His human form leaked red blood onto dusty sand. Losing his body would be interesting, but it hurt, and he hadn’t expected that.
John’s smile grew the more messages he got. How Sherlock had managed to secure John’s email he didn’t really want to know, but there, waiting for him was an invitation to a zoom meeting between the two of them. The clicks of the mouse were too loud in the small room, but excitement was already blooming in his chest.
“That wasn’t on purpose,” John said, pulling his pants on, followed by soft pyjama bottoms and a tee shirt. Sherlock only laughed harder.
“I was about to come back now. I lost track of time,” John said, feeling embarrassed that he’d ditched his friend for so long. “I’m sorry about earlier. I just- I had a rough night. You know how the nightmares can be.”
“You’ll be home again soon, of that I’m sure, Watson. You always get so out of sorts when you travel,” Holmes scolded, with those plush lips curving upwards at the corners in a teasing smile. His eyes were glittering. John pretended to be offended.
“Johnny!” Bill exclaimed delightedly, meeting John at the door of his quaint old home. It was a green painted brick building in a historic little town that reminded John of Chestnut Hill back home. At one point he was sure the house had probably looked cheerful outside, but now the green paint was dirty and peeling in some places, revealing scars of red underneath, and a few of the shutters were loose and starting to fall. Bare window boxes slashed across the outside of the building, contrasting with the neighbor’s brightly filled boxes.
After a brief tour of the house, Bill dragged him out on the back porch with two beers. They settled in a pair of lawn chairs, chatting and catching up.
As he walked along at a quick, angry place, his leg starting to twinge. He regretted not needing his cane, but he had to admit that since COVID it seemed the psychosomatic symptoms had, for the most part, resolved themselves. Now, as his brain tried to process the grief he felt, the pain seemed to be resurfacing. It was bizarre to see London so empty. The usually busy streets were absolutely deserted and it was eerie. He had a vague, looming feeling. Some of the kids that he encountered through the practice talked about the apocalypse or end of days, and honestly, he couldn’t fault them for it. That’s how it felt.
There was a woman in his flat. She was dressed in all black, in heels, and wearing a plain black mask. She was holding a large tablet and on the screen was the face of a man, slightly balding, looking sour and displeased. From what John could see, he was dressed in a suit jacket, waistcoat, shirt and tie that all looked rather expensive and pressed.
“Beans it is, then,” John said, laughing when Sherlock appeared to grimace. “You would be a picky eater, wouldn’t you.”
“I’ve told you to stop doing that!” barked one of the men working behind the bar. He was a gargantuan blonde man and he was glaring daggers at the back of Mettie’s head. She shrugged.
“Do it now, Boss. He ain’t going no where,” Seb said. James grinned and out of nowhere he held one of the holy flaming swords.
“Husband, I ask for so very little of you, you must grant me this one request. Mrs. Davenport is a celebrated expert in her field,” Violet explained. John scoffed.
“If you must know, Mrs. Davenport is a spiritual medium and is one of Henrietta’s most trusted confidantes. She has told me that she senses my mother near me and perhaps by contacting her we can bring her spirit closure,” Violet said. Her doe-like eyes were welling up with tears. “You know I long to speak with my mother again, and if I could do so just one more time-”
The man disappeared and left John standing on the street. He waited for a few minutes, wondering if he should leave or continue waiting, before Sherlock opened the front door, holding out a bag. “For personal use only, obviously. Can’t have you getting sick now, can we?”
Wars made it slightly more interesting, at least. Influencing people was easy and if it annoyed his former comrades when he tilted the scales in favor of the less deserving, well, he was a demon after all. Watching the humans kill each other, healing them when they were hurt, it broke up the monotony. He wasn’t great at being evil. There was some kind of moral dilemma where he couldn’t bring himself to do anything truly horrible. Temptations, though. He was a great tempter. And if he got an orgasm out of it, well, that was just icing on the demonic cake.
“I’m not- I erm, I don’t know what I am. I haven’t known him long,” John said, feeling awkward. He wondered how the Hell Sherlock even knew where he was. Silver Hair gave him a sympathetic smile and answered his thought, which he’d apparently spoken out loud without realizing it.
“I just might surprise you,” John said, but he was grinning. He could tell the other man was smiling, too. “I’m John, by the way. John Watson.”
“You’re not meant to feel these things, are you? That’s the lie they sold you, Johnny boy. Join us. I can make it allll better,” James sang at him. James’ hand reached out to dance his fingers over John’s chest before plunging them into the wound. The slim digits twisted back and forth. John cried out. “Come along, John. I can heal you. Do you really want to die like this? Come to us and we could have so much fun together.”
“Would you like room for cream and sugar?” the kid asked as she filled his cup with a beverage that was more of a prop than anything he was going to consume. John shook his head.
He wasn’t proud of himself for venturing out the night before. Thankfully, Violet kept a close grip on John’s chequebook as well as their finances and she was used to him being tempted into playing cards when he was in a foul enough temper to lose everything they had. As it was, he had a wretched hangover and he just didn’t have time for a lecture regarding Spiritualism at this hour of the morning.
“The name is Sherlock Holmes,” he said with a wink before entering the building and shutting the door behind him.
“If you are correct, sir,” Fell started, letting his fingers twist together again, “and you find this puzzle piece in Paris, do you think we could, perhaps, return to London? Does this mark the end of our journey?” His thick blond brows arched up hopefully.
Fell was very fed up with his most recent assignment. Sigerson was the most disagreeable and- and- and not polite man he’d met in a long time. He inhaled, pressing his lips together, before letting out a frustrated little sigh. “I’ve told you, Sigerson. Your brother sent me.”
“Of course not! This is your weekend,” Bill replied amiably, but his eyes wouldn’t meet John’s, leaving the doctor feeling a little suspicious. “I’ll putter around here for a while and we’ll meet back up for lunch, maybe?”
“Damn your circle,” John swore, but the hands gripping his prevented him from moving. “Stop this instant!” He looked down and, with horror, realized the breast pocket of his jacket was glowing with a similar light to Violet’s eyes.
He grinned. Apparently this was an every afternoon sort of performance. John’s eyes glanced back up at the window in time to see the curtains flutter, like someone had been watching him and moved away quickly. John nodded. He’d be back again tomorrow.
The cane returned to his hand and the gentleman he’d collided with during his distracted wandering was sent off, unfortunately with a minor curse that would give the next several generations in his line very hairy toes, but honestly, the man deserved it and should’ve been watching out for irrational, irritated demons. Demons whose best friends were stupid angels who couldn’t wrap their bloody brains around the fact that their demon best friend-
Thank you so much for reading! If you liked it, please consider checking out my other fic here or come chat at me on Tumblr.
“John, if I could-” Mary started, twisting in her seat to watch him as he walked away. He held up his hands.
“Ah,” John replied. It was strange. Usually, he was confident with all sorts of people. In the army he’d had a rather vulgar nickname based on the fact that he’d had a bit of a romantic reputation (well, that was a kind word for it), but something about this man was different. Different from Bill, even. With Sherlock, even simple conversation felt like it had some kind of weight to it, a meaning that hadn’t been there before. Was he flirting? Was he simply trying to make a friend after being bored and quarantined with his old landlady?
“Yes, sir. You as well, sir,” the sweet girl said, giving a gentle bob before leaving the room. As soon as the outside door closed behind her, he sighed, leaning forward on his desk, clenching his eyes closed.
“It’s amazing that you can do what you do even during quarantine,” John told him. Sherlock hummed, contemplating the idea of it.
“See it? See what, a failed force of evil?” Moriarty asked. He was behind John now, and he placed his hand on John’s shoulder. Trails of smoke oozed off of his hand, tickling John’s ear.
It took John an entire week to get a handle on his feelings and convince himself to go back to the street once more. He hadn’t been paying attention to the time, and as he was walking up to the little socially conscious group, it was already dissipating. He sighed. He walked closed to the building, his limp agitating him as it had through most of the week, to see if the sign said when the next show was going to be.
“By not doing so you are both exhibiting those polite manners I was speaking of and proving me correct, which I do enjoy immensely,” Holmes teased. “John Watson, the perfect gentleman.”
“Tesco,” he muttered to himself, figuring he might as well not waste the trip. He did need a couple of things to get through the next week or two without having to stop. The idea of skipping Sherlock’s future performances was already floating around in his mind. Well, so what? They were supposed to be in a quarantine, after all.
John pressed his lips together, his own brow wrinkling in frustration as he tried to process the question. “I’m sorry?”
“Yes, but we’re looking for a lady artist. Apparently,” Fell said with a mean look over his shoulder for Sigerson, who just shrugged innocently.
. It’s time to call in that favor, my dear Doctor Watson. You’re going to England, and from there we’ll discuss our terms.” Moriarty hovered his hand over John’s wound. A slimy black aura, much like his oozing manner of transportation, poured from his hand into John’s body. “That will hold you until the human surgeons can repair you. I’ll be in touch, Johnny boy.”
“She’s taken up gardening,” he said, motioning to the plants. “As you can see, she’s a natural.” It didn’t look like a failed garden attempt, John thought although he kept it to himself. It looked abandoned, like everything else in the house. Bill quickly changed the subject to army friends and the good old days, how everyone seemed to be having kids or even grandkids now. John filled in with some of his more humorous encounters with patients.
“Hurt a bit? You picked a fight with someone the size of a lorry. What is it? Small dog syndrome or something?”
“Spirits!” the Madame’s voice bellowed, causing both of the women who gripped John to tighten their fingers.
“You won’t be in the office tomorrow,” Sherlock told him. It was a statement of fact rather than a question. John nodded.
Soon John even found himself eschewing the meetings if they happened to get scheduled during the mini concerts. It didn’t matter if he went anymore, anyway. He was sure Ella would be concerned if she heard him say so but he didn’t care.
“What- oh! Oh, dear me, no! Not- I’m not, please not with-” Fell’s hands twisted in the air, gesturing and giving anxious smiles from sweetly soft lips. “No, no, I do not have any affection for Sigerson. Only concern, bound by my duty to- to take care of him, I suppose.”
Alright, well, guardian demon was probably more accurate. But in John’s defense, and it cannot be stated enough, he was not one of the best demons in Hell.
“You’re not the type to shirk responsibilities,” he said. “I’ll see you on Thursday, then. That’s your pattern.”
“Ah! Well, then. Take care of yourself. Please come to me if anything becomes infected,” John instructed. The boys agreed and took off in the opposite direction of him. He wondered, as he turned towards Baker Street, if he would ever see Billy and his friend again. He had a strong suspicion he knew what Billy’s friend did for a living and he was not sure how he felt about rent boys. Surely there were other ways to make a living? John mulled this over as he walked, passing lamplighters who were beginning the nightly ritual of chasing away the shadows.
“No. Just no. Go away. I want nothing more to do with you,” John snapped. “You were working for a psychopath who killed my best friend with his bare hands. I watched you bleed out- what was that even for, was that a sniper or why- I just, I just can’t anymore. Go away. I don’t want to talk to you.”
He never saw the man that was playing. It was a man, he was sure, as he could sometimes see the tall, dark shape pacing around as he played, but he stayed far away from the windows. Sometimes, just as he had the first day, he saw the curtains move as though he were being watched before he limped off into the evening.
“You wish I’d offended you but secretly you’re impressed,” Sherlock said to him after an awkward moment of silence. “You should really fire your therapist, if she really thought a group would help someone with your temperament. Did you love him?”
“Bugger,” John swore, hurrying to his dresser to root for some pants at least, before Sherlock let him into the call.
“Violet,” John said, gracing her with a tight smile. She beamed at him and stepped up to kiss his cheeks. To her credit, she was a bonny little thing, with large brown eyes and blonde hair swept into a demure style. She was just the type of woman John had always assumed he would marry. He couldn’t have done better if he’d picked her out of a book.
“Just one little favor, John, that’s all I’ll ask in return. And your loyalty to the cause, of course,” James was telling him. It was hard to focus on the angel’s face, but he did.
“Conspiring with the enemy, are you?” he asked. Miss Addington giggled and started to pull her coat on. Of course, it was probably very unprofessional, indeed, to call his own wife his enemy in front of his surgery staff, but the tensions in the house had been high almost since the moment they’d said ‘I Do’, so poor Miss Addington was used to it by now.
It made John feel like an idiot for enjoying the pretty scenery at the time, yet even now he’d give anything to hear that stupidly patronizing voice one more time. To see the quirk of those thick brows, the slight tilt of the lips in that smile that seemed to only exist for John, as though they were both in on the same joke that no one else knew….
“You would say something like that,” Sherlock told him, smirking at him condescendingly. “Personally, I have more safety in the most treacherous alleys and back streets of the city than I ever have in the falsely beautiful facade of the countryside.”
“There is always pleasure when you are lucky enough to enjoy your work, as I do,” Sigerson said, but his words held a cold, sarcastic tone. He held out a hand to Henri, covering the man’s smaller one with his own entirely. “I’m Sigerson. That is my associate Fell.”
“If something should,” Sherlock said. “I would rather you know all of my secrets than die having lived a lie. Not with you, John. Not with the man who knows me better than any other.”
Chapter Warnings: Some violence and mentions of whipping a dilly-boy/rent boy (OFF SCREEN). Creepy séance type occult things. Mentions of prostitution, sex work, blood, non-con and homophobia but hopefully I handled it in an appropriate manner. ALSO: Loads of historical inaccuracies, but I’m trying my best.
John was probably not the universe’s best angel, but he wasn’t the worst angel, which he was usually content with.
John considered that for a moment. He’d already come to the conclusion that the man was teleworking or self-employed, given the fact that he had the time in his schedule to put on street concerts whenever he wished, but other than that John had no idea what he did or why he was texting photographs of a corpse to someone he’d only just met. John also had no clue as to what caused the kinky looking marks on the man in the photos. Mid-thirties, dark hair, solidly built but other than that the photos were abysmal. The bruising ran in crossing patterns over his back. They didn’t appear to be the cause of death, however, and John knew that if he gave that answer, it would probably be the end of the conversation. He decided to stall.
“Does everyone call you Gideon?” he asked sarcastically. Judgement was firm in his tone and the young man could hear it.
As he rounded a corner, cutting through Baker Street towards the shops, he stilled as he came upon a strange grouping of people. At first he felt irritation blooming in his chest and across his cheeks as he slowed his pace, staring intently at the statuesque figures. None of the people were moving but all of them stood with their heads bowed as if in prayer. It wasn’t until he neared that he realized that they were adhering to social distancing guidelines, making his first instinct of anger fade. Embarrassment quickly replaced it as he wondered if he was interrupting some sort of memorial. This caused his heart to thud as he wondered if he’d be attending such a gathering soon. Funerals in the time of the Pandemic were going to be an odd, probably live-streamed situation.
John had wandered closer than usual after the concert, looking at the paper near the door to see the next date and time. He glanced up at the man that stood in the doorway.
detective’s train of thought. His question went unanswered. Sherlock tapped out of the appointment quickly and with no goodbye, already chasing whatever clue he’d read in John’s flirtations. It left the doctor feeling hollow and unsatisfied. Sherlock was a contradiction. He flirted, but in a way that still seemed guarded and standoffish. John had been with enough people to know when someone was interested in him. Sherlock was definitely interested. Not that he could go about having one night stands with strangers during a pandemic. That would be hideously irresponsible.
Sherlock would scold him for being so sentimental. For having emotions, like a normal human being. For missing him, probably. Frustrated, John rolled over and picked up his phone. Bill was right, John mostly avoided social media, but here he was, in the dark, scrolling over his friend’s profile to see if there was any mention of the relative who’d died. Bill’s profile was actually pretty sparse, until about seven months ago when one or two people mentioned the funeral. John frowned.
,” Henri giggled. He motioned to the dancing women around them, to the gentlemen as well as the ladies that watched. “This is a good distraction, no? Surely the person you miss wouldn’t begrudge you a good time. Especially if you’re waiting for your friend. Mettie never lets anyone leave without a- hmm- a smile.”
“Mary,” John whispered, brows drawing together in a frustrated scowl. She waved her mobile phone at him with a wink.
“You always were a good storyteller, John. I know, I know, you enjoyed being a soldier and you don’t hate your day job,” Bill said, giving him a grin, “but you were always one for stories.”
John grinned at him, though, excited to see his friend and relieved to be out of the car. He hated the nickname ‘Johnny’. Harry had used it too often for his liking, and although he’d repeatedly asked Bill to stop, it never happened. “You’re looking good, Bill.”
“I might surprise you!” Bill chuckled. From his hiding place, John’s cheeks flamed and he scowled. Annoyed at their casual discussion of his… of his… whatever it was, John pushed open the door, ready to argue with his friend’s wife over said balls-
The worst part of grieving someone is that it sometimes hits you when you least expect it. Triggers can be small. Maybe you’re out on a date and the mug your coffee is served in resembles their favorite cup. Maybe you’re walking past an obnoxiously blue bar, now under new ownership, and without realizing it you’re reliving every moment the two of you had together. Maybe you see someone wearing a blue scarf out of the corner of your eye and you turn, expecting them to be there, and it’s a stranger, instead.
He stood and began the ritual of closing for the afternoon. With someone as competent as Miss Addington working for him, it was a short ritual indeed and all he really needed to do was walk to the coat rack near the door, slide his coat on and take his medical bag before locking up.
“I just wanted to let you know that your one thirty cancelled, sir. It was a double so you have a pretty large break to fill,” Nadine told him. She flashed brilliantly white teeth at him in a suggestive smile. “In case you want to get some lunch or something.”
“Yeah, let’s go grab something. Do you like pho? We’ve had like, seven of those places open up in the last year but the best one-”
The grin faded just a bit as the music continued on. John wasn’t much of a classical music man, but today’s songs held a different energy or mood than usual. Sherlock paced as he played, but his typical sinuous, graceful were replaced by stilted, stiff steps. The essence of each song felt frenetic or maybe even manic, as though Sherlock was nervous while playing.
Thank you so much for reading! If you liked it, please consider checking out my other fic here or come chat at me on Tumblr. No, seriously, I love to make friends and I'm never not online.
fun. He pushed himself up and headed towards his bedchamber, loosening his cravat and buttons as he went. He paused by the looking glass, with his fingers running thoughtfully and delicately along his jaw. His lips were well and truly stained with wine and he contemplated the pretty red color.
He ducked his chin and tried to find the best route around them. His shift caused one of his earbuds to fall out of his ear, dangling against his shirt by the wire (he was too anti-technology to bother with those modern bluetooth ones), and that’s when he first heard the powerful, seductive notes of the violin.
This week it had been Col. Moran. The old Colonel was in his late eighties and, despite being in a risk group from his age and other preexisting conditions, he’d continued to venture out on his own to pick up groceries and other necessities. When the group really started connecting to one another, John had taken up the habit of calling him sometimes to let the old man rattle on about back when he was a soldier.
“I’m sure if you weren’t married, you’d still be just as much of a ‘rowdy townie’ as the next of them,” John told him. Bill laughed, but before he could reply they were interrupted by a kind looking woman with a blond bob. She’d clearly had a few too many and her husband lingered near, with a nervous look that suggested he was ready to haul her away if she said anything offensive and that she was known for doing so.
- Inspired by a true story I read on Tumblr that I thought was beautiful, I'll try to link at the end. But also a smidge inspired by the Bubble date people.
The downside was that a better angel would not be bleeding out on a cloud right now. He should have faith that he would be healed, but it was hard to believe when a demon-poisoned blade was lodged in your shoulder. He was fairly certain that angels weren’t meant to have heartbeats or blood at all, but war taught so many lessons as it raged on. The betrayal of the Morningstar was rending the Heavens apart and nothing in creation was as it seemed.
“Were you ever able to contact your BDSM expert?” he teased around a forkful of beans. He’d propped the laptop against a pillow to give Sherlock some height and he sat with his back against the wall, his legs crossed.
John leaned forward in his chair, feeling warmth flood his face as he considered what his friend might have kept from him. “Secrets have never been to anyone’s benefit.”
Mary’s smug smile faded and turned a little sad. She swallowed, averting her eyes to stare at the table. “You watched what you were meant to watch. I’m harder to kill than most.”
“Would you like me to play you to sleep?” Sherlock asked. It seemed as though he was just teasing, but there was also a real offer hidden in the tone. John smiled, considering it for just a moment.
“N-No-” But John wasn’t so sure. James was very, very good at tempting and John didn’t want to die. Sure enough, though, across the fields of blue sky and fluff, he could see the dark figure with no side but his own looming, reaping angels and demons alike, but coming in John’s general direction. He swallowed, feeling his wings twitching beneath him.
“Doctor Watson,” the man was saying. A thin smile pulled itself over his lips. “I’d like to speak to you about your relationship with Sherlock Holmes.”
Thin lips twisted into a sweet smile and the gentle cadence of an Irish accent replied so sweetly, “Mr. Sherlock Holmes.”
“It’s occurred to me that I might have overlooked something. A contact I have in the industry,” Sherlock murmured, almost to himself, although it was clear that he was taking the time to at least explain it to John. He rolled his eyes. “That woman.”
“Touchy,” John said. He pursed his lips. “I don’t think something that would leave those marks but not break the skin would be enough to be the cause of death. Unless the murderer was extremely good at what they were doing. Are there other possibilities?”
“That’s what you were looking at?” John muttered. He sat down in front of his laptop and turned the camera back on. Those full lips were tilted up in a secretive smile, making nervousness flutter in John’s stomach.
“No, no, of course, that’s me,” John groaned. He swung his feet over the side of the bed, wincing as his head throbbed. The policeman was chuckling at him.
“You’re not really on social media much. It was um, a relative. Cancer,” Bill said, shifting uneasily in his chair.
“Thanks for letting me know,” John said, returning her overly-friendly smile with a grateful one. He dreaded having such a wide gap of time in his schedule. Gaps allowed those invasive little memories to creep back into his mind, forcing him to relive all of the events of the past. Nadine smiled at him once more, a little disappointed that he didn’t seem inclined to have lunch with her, and she left, closing the door behind her.
He picked up the laptop and padded over to the tiny kitchenette and propped Sherlock up on the worktop. He couldn’t remember a time when he had a real kitchen in his home, as he’d been in the army and then here, and he usually didn’t miss having the space but now that he was trying to squeeze a laptop in while he was cooking he realized he could do with a bit more room. Sherlock watched him the entire time, talking about the cold cases he’d been solving. It was a bit domestic, really, and it felt nice. With his beans smothering a perfectly toasted piece of bread, he juggled the laptop and the plate and went back to his bed.
John’s hands gripped the sink, staring down into the bowl, letting the soothing feel of cold porcelain press against his fevered fingers. He hadn’t slept well. Nightmares had taken him on a tour of the world before plopping him down in a strange, warped version of Baker Street where Moriarty’s river-bloated face grinned at him with pointed teeth. He was almost afraid that if he looked in the mirror over the bathroom sink he’d see that man rather than his own reflection, but when he finally lifted his throbbing head it was just a tired John Watson that gazed back at him with glassy blue eyes.
“Oh, I think you’ve got the wrong pair of men,” Fell objected, but the short, handsome man laughed and linked his arm with Fells, pulling him close even as the blonde tried to tug away.
John felt some kind of liquid pouring from his mouth as he grunted, trying to focus through the pain.
John didn’t know how he was going to handle just sitting back and watching an invisible enemy pick off his friends one by one.
The scalding hot water of the shower helped to loosen the tension he carried in his shoulders. He braced his arm on the wall, leaning forward so his head was pillowed against it, relaxing into the spray and letting the water fall over him. He could so easily picture Sherlock, laying against the back of that leather couch, with his disorderly hair making him all the more appealing. He’d been able to see Sherlock’s mouth today and it was full and tempting. John sighed and stood up again. It was better not to think about it, really. This strange creature that played violin concerts and solved murders and seemed to read him like a children’s book.
“Look, John. Just look.” Sherlock motioned for John to spin, very carefully so they weren’t touching. John winced but did as he was instructed. For the first few minutes he just looked like normal John Watson. Sherlock’s eyes in the reflection were disapproving, and so John let the false image fade. Blue eyes darkened until black marbles stared back, blood pooled at the corners of his eyes and from the seam of his mouth. Festering blisters erupted over his face and throat, and behind him, his jet black wings were tucked and folded against his back. Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
“You sure you don’t want anything to eat? We make a really good breakfast sandwich,” the kid suggested. John gave her attempt to upsell him a tight smile.
“Ah! Of course! Billy,” John said, recognition blowing his eyes wide. He moved back from the door to beckon the two boys in. It was astonishing how much the lad had changed in such a short amount of time. Billy took a step forward but then seemed to remember his companion. He turned and offered gentle assistance to the fellow, helping him to stand up. Together, they made their way inside. John took the opportunity to look at Billy’s friend closer. His expression was petulant, bordering on defiance, as if he was challenging John to say something about their closeness. With dark hair and high cheekbones, John was reminded of someone who had been too much on his mind. “To what do I owe the pleasure of your visit?”
The bar where they ended up was a short walk from Bill’s house. It was on a busy main street in the small town, taking up the entirety of a huge, antique building. There were four floors, all home to some aspect of the restaurant, and John pitied their servers just a little bit as they traipsed up and down the steep flights of stairs with their heavy trays of food.
“Dr. Watson?” the receptionist called tentatively through his office door, rapping on the solid, heavy fiberglass panel. It was an ugly, spotted green color that matched the office’s old early nineties decor. If he’d had his own practice, he’d have updated long ago but being in with a group meant a lot of talking and very little actually getting done about anything.
His leg twitched painfully as he walked briskly away, not paying attention at all to the direction he was headed in. After a few streets, he was forced to lean against a wall to catch his breath. What was wrong? So Sherlock had a girlfriend. They could still… They could at least be friends, then? Didn’t John need more friends, as his, apparently, kept passing away?
“She’s- She’s not imaginary. She’s your wife,” John managed, reaching out to grip Bill’s shoulder. He patted it once, until the man turned back to him, and then he dropped his hand. “You told me it’s hard to get over someone you love. That’s true. Sometimes I wish I could- I wish I could do it over. Say good-bye properly, or save him or something. Sometimes I forget he’s gone and I think he’s in the room with me. You’re grieving. There’s nothing imaginary about that.”
With a heavy sigh, he braced himself for what was going to be an awkward breakfast with Bill. Back in his room, he stripped out of his flannel pyjama bottoms and tee shirt, trading them for thick jeans, feeling the heavy denim scrape over his thighs as he pulled them up. He remembered a time at Baker Street where Sherlock had criticised his department store fashion sense, specifically how rough the fibers of his jeans were. At the time, all he’d been able to do was imagine Sherlock’s long fingers stroking over his legs. It never happened, but it was a nice image to have at the time. With a clean tee shirt and sweater thrown on, John trotted downstairs in search of his friend and a morning meal. He could hear Bill and Trudy in the kitchen, and he paused just outside of the door when he heard his name.
Her eyes, which were as green as absinthe, lingered on Sigerson appreciatively. She grinned and swung her feet playfully.
Lestrade snorted. When he spoke, that casual humor was still in his tone, but his eyes were serious. “Yeah, about that. Should I be worried about you doing this sort of thing often? I don’t owe Sherlock enough favors for this to be a regular arrangement.”
“I dunno, I’m really starting to warm up to the harbinger idea. Maybe my presence is just a warning that not everything is as it seems,” Mary said, watching as he slid his hand away from hers. “I was worried about you and how things were left. I needed you to know I wasn’t dead. It’s important, John. Not to mention I’ve read your therapy notes. You seem very hung up on the idea that we’d both passed away and you have to know it wasn’t your fault.”
“Interesting.” Sherlock seemed to be considering the new information about John, staring at a random spot on the sidewalk. “You’ll be back tomorrow. You’ve been away for an entire week and you find my music soothing.”
“Sherlock,” the man- policeman, probably- was telling him. “He doesn’t call in favors for just anyone. Or are you not Doctor John Watson?”
“Are you off to the office, my love?” she asked, her hand resting sweetly on his arm. John nodded, and lifted her hand from his sleeve so that he could reach for his hat.
- Inspired by a true story I read on Tumblr that I thought was beautiful, I'll try to link at the end. But also a smidge inspired by the Bubble date people.
“I, um. But- I thought I heard Trudy?” John asked. The flush faded from his cheeks as confusion replaced it. “Wasn’t that- weren’t you just talking to her?”
When Jim from IT walked through the door in Bart’s lab, with sweet, silly little Molly already in his thrall, John couldn’t bear it. No.
“I regret, I have not, however you may be of some use to us,” Sigerson told him. Fell squawked, unwilling to break away from his new friend as he had a strong suspicion the man was entirely drunk and needed the assistance but also not wanting any more distractions from the case. Sigerson smirked at him. “We are seeking a female artist, someone who is very good at copies. Perhaps you know of a few ladies that fit that description, Monsieur Toulouse-Lautrec?”
The doorbell clattered as he slammed his way out of the shop. He’d forgotten all about the coffee. He wanted to forget about everything.
John didn’t really mind, actually. Of course he didn’t want patients to suffer, but the tension brought him back to his army days when he felt useful. He stood and began going through the motions of making tea, needing the comfort after the sad news he’d just received. He filled the electric kettle, setting it back in it’s cradle with a little too much force. As he waited for the water to boil, he opened his cupboards.
too immature for him. She was still given to girlish fancies about ghosts and ghouls, made worse by the recent trend of seances and sorcery that had taken hold of London. Too often had John been forced to sit through some evening lecture that claimed to contact the dead. Living with Holmes had given him more than a fair amount of skepticism (even if he did sometimes believe in ghosts himself).
“Your friend who died. The most recent one, but the first one as well. It’s interesting,” Sherlock told him. “You weren’t close with the most recent one, it was more of an acquaintance which brought up the memory of the first one. Were you sleeping together? Yes, I can see it in the way you just shifted your leg. Really, John, you should be better at hiding your emotions. You were a soldier, after all.”
The detective just gazed at him in that calm, clinical manner he had when he was working out a puzzle. Slowly, he stepped forward and lifted a hand to trail over John’s cheek, continuing to take in whatever he saw. His eyes widened, flaring at some discovery, before returning to normal. His lips quirked up into a smile. “Tell me nothing. Let me work it out on my own.”
John shook himself out of his daydreams, realizing that his young secretary was standing in the doorway to his office, calling his name.
“Well, thanks,” John said, feeling equal parts delighted and awkward. He cleared his throat. “So, what started you playing for your neighbors?”
John had been so absorbed in his own torment that he hadn’t heard him approaching. Usually he was so much better at hiding, but- but the stress of selling his best friend’s soul to the actual best demon in Hell had him distracted. He stood before Sherlock, and Luce knows what his face looked like. Did he have solid black eyes like Moriarty and Moran? Did he have beetles crawling from his nose or sharpened teeth? What horror was Sherlock seeing?
It paused for a few moments, and Sherlock’s pacing had stopped. The tall shadow of him stood in the middle of the room and after a few moments of wild hand gestures, Sherlock shouted, “Fine!”
“Where have you been, you horrid man!” she scolded. The hall where they had previously fought was dark and she pushed his coat off of his shoulders. He was fairly certain it fell onto the bench where he was attempting to place his bag, but for all he knew it was on the floor. “You nearly threw the entire number of the table off! You were meant to be here
“No, I’ve already facetimed a mortician I know,” Sherlock said. “You are determined to distract me from my work.”
“You don’t want to promise you’ll be at Baker Street tomorrow in case you decide not to come,” Sherlock said. It was John’s turn to nod.
ago! You’ve done this on purpose to embarrass me in front of my friends. We’re all assembled and waiting for you!”
Sherlock chuckled, shaking his head. “You know that the appointment was a sham, Dr. Watson. I’m healthy and whole, I assure you, with all parts functioning as they should.”
“It’s more painful when it’s someone you care about,” Bill told him. John nodded along. “The worst is when it’s someone you love.”
He’d listened as Sigerson had procured vials of something he claimed would make him work harder, faster, smarter, and he’d let him inject, despite being old enough to know better about the wonders of cocaine. He’d listened quite discreetly when Sigerson had seen the wedding announcement of a certain Doctor John Watson, and when he’d decided
He was still mulling over this concept as he entered his flat, ready for a shower and something to eat. A ping from his phone reminded him of the group meeting later in the evening, which he was already dreading and not entirely sure he was going to attend. He tossed the device towards his bed, leaving it to hit once and then bounce off while his back was turned.
“How’s Trudy been?” John asked, looking around at the neglected garden. Most of the plants were half-dead and weeds were growing up between them. Bill snorted.
that but it’s simply not true,” Fell insisted. And it wasn’t. As it was, Mycroft had sent him in a round-about, prayed to God sort of way, not that Sigerson needed to know that. One did not just ignore the prayers of someone like Mycroft Holmes. They walked for a little while in silence before Sigerson decided to explain himself anyway. Probably, Fell thought, because he loved the sound of his own voice so much.
He pondered that thought as he pushed himself to his feet, lumbering his sleep-heavy limbs into the bathroom to brush his teeth. He was definitely happy, he decided. He’d just sat up until the early hours of the morning video chatting with a beautiful genius about serial killers, the idiocy of the police and some of John’s time in the army (with another round of conversation regarding his scar and Sherlock’s fascination with it). Yes, despite the apprehension, John was feeling… tentatively happy. Much happier talking to Sherlock than the zoom group therap-
Unfortunately for Sherlock, this also meant that the visitor, whose considerably large brain and bulging eyes processed as much as his own, had ample opportunity to leave a little gift behind without him being aware of it. After the item had been placed, Professor Moriarty cleared his throat, alerting Sherlock of his presence and giving the cue to their final battle. Or so it would seem.
“Okay, that’s enough, dear. Let’s go,” her husband Also Jon said, dragging the woman off while she was still babbling. He cast an apologetic look at the table before they left.
“She’ll be in touch, she said,” Sherlock replied, smiling approvingly as John recalled the earlier conversation. “But the case is essentially solved, I merely need the proof.”
John’s pleasure at hearing Sherlock play faded. He zeroed in on the shirt, that same shirt that Sherlock had been wearing through their whole conversation the night before.
“I know you’ve explained your methods before, Sigerson, but I’m afraid that I still don’t quite understand what we’re doing in Montmartre,” the petite blonde was saying in a soft voice. The much taller man’s hair was escaping his pomade and falling in dark curls across his pale forehead.
“How- how could you possibly know that?” John asked, blinking rapidly to clear the shock from his brain. The man was definitely smirking at him. “I didn’t even speak to anyone here, you couldn’t have been told about me-”
“You- You are-” Fell was at a loss for words. The man’s temper was beyond infuriating. “You are barely functioning, sir. No matter who sent me, if it’s not an enemy then why should it matter? I am here to help you. The least you could do is tell me how to do so. And your brother
“You’ll have to forgive my associate. He is always disagreeable, especially when he is working. I do not mind philosophy or poetry in the least. I’m sure we appreciate any assistance you might be able to give,” Fell said, patting the hand that gripped his arm still. The artist beamed at him.
“You’ll have a more pleasant conversation with me than you would some old pensioner,” Sherlock told him. “Now, what was your opinion on the bruising patterns that I showed you? You were extremely vague, I can only assume to prolong the conversation.”
Without Sherlock to write about, he’d been slacking off on his blog posts, so most of the comments he was getting were spam bots. There were a few from some woman named Lucy asking to speak with him, but he ignored those as well. An old acquaintance of Sherlock’s, a gossipy young man named Langdale Pike, had forwarded John another article with a supposed sighting from a tabloid. John rolled his eyes, but then closed them, squeezing tightly as the unbidden image of Sherlock going over the railing played out in his mind. He growled and hit delete without reading it.
“Always a physician. I’m in quarantine, I should be allowed some vices to get me through,” Sherlock replied. John considered what that might mean.
“A philosopher as well as an artist. How lucky we are,” Sigerson drawled. Fell glared at him before smiling kindly down at Henri, whose handsome face was bathed in red light from the nearby cabaret.
Maybe a bridge, no matter how quaint, wasn’t the greatest spot to try and gather his thoughts. Sherlock’s body going over, Mary’s blood on his hands, and that one random case where he’d thought he’d seen Sherlock’s legs coated in blue scales and a tail all flashed back, causing nausea to bubble up into his throat. He barely held back the impulse to wretch into the creek. Inhaling rhythmically through his nose, he fought the bile back into his stomach.
“No, no. At least, I don’t think so,” John replied. He shrugged. “Although, I’m starting to think that you never really know what’s going to come next with Sherlock Holmes.”
John’s heart thundered in his chest as he turned to his wife. The voice coming out of her was not Violet’s, not in the least. It was deeper and more harsh, gravelly in tone. “H-Holmes?”
John frowned. He’d most certainly heard her in the room and when she’d spoken there hadn’t been any of that distant, staticky background noise that came when you put someone on speaker. “Okay. Sure. You know, I think it might be nice to walk around for a bit. Do you mind if I go get some breakfast by myself instead?”
“How did you even find me?” John asked, frowning. Mary picked up her own cup of coffee to take a sip, not even trying to look contrite or sorry.
Before he could scroll further, a message popped up in his Inbox. Lucy Ferrier needed to leave him the motherfucking hell alone. He clicked over to her profile. There was no current headshot or photograph of her like other journalists. Her profile had no friends, no pictures, no status updates except for one link to that same article that Pike had sent him.
John cleared his throat, straightening and rubbing at his eyes to make sure any traitorous moisture was wiped away before he answered her. “Come in, Nadine.”
“I’m not scheduled. If someone is sick, of course, I could be called in,” John said. He didn’t want to promise anything, not with the plague looming over London. Sherlock nodded, eyes going unfocused for a moment.
“Tsk, tssssk,” James hissed gleefully. He crouched down next to John, solid black eyes gazing at him with interest. The pointed bones where James’ wings had once been stuck out behind him, singed from Hellfire and dark as night. “I could make it all better, John. You just have to say the word.”
Sebastian, his once long blond hair shorn into a short cut, sticking up all over, pulled the weapon from John’s shoulder, watching him pant and writhe beneath him. His smirk was mean. “You always were an easy target.”
“Who died?” John asked before he could remember social tact and rephrase the question. “You never mentioned anyone being sick, I mean.”
John paused and took out his earphones and realized that the people on the street were attending a concert. Beautiful, strong classical music was streaming out of the upper window of one of the buildings, washing over them in a bewitching ocean of sound. He started to walk slowly towards the group, positioning himself across the street and far enough away that he could pause and listen.
be of some assistance,” Sigerson hummed. He wrapped his long, slender musician’s fingers around her plump waist, helping her to hop down. She barely dodged a glass of water being thrown at her from the direction of the bartender, who shrugged.
“Jesus,” John swore, letting out an uncomfortable huff. He barely resisted the urge to scrub his hand over his face. “Yes, I was sleeping with him.”
“Mon petit, have you seen Jaques? We are to perform soon,” a voluptuous woman with a healthy set of legs on her asked, bending to kiss Henri on the cheek.
“We begin! The veil is thinning between the spirit world and our own, and we have very little time,” the Madame bellowed, in a voice that commanded them to be silent. John’s nostrils flared, and he huffed. How
The taller man, Sigerson, paused to light a cigarette. He scoffed at the words of the blonde man, sneering down at him. “If you’re having trouble following my reasons, Mr. Fell, then I must inform you that you are
Lucy’s last name turned out to be Ferrier. She was tired of him ignoring her comments on the blog, apparently, and had unearthed his personal email and sent him a message to request an in-person interview. Journalists, gossip bloggers, they were all the same. They never gave up when they wanted something to write about. Pike’s popular Instagram was a never ending source of drama. Ferrier, well, John couldn’t find anything with a quick Google search about her but only journalists called Sherlock’s death the “Franklin Fall”, so he assumed she wasn’t any different than the others.
Once more his assistant, Miss Addington, stood in the doorway to his office with her coat draped over her arm and her hat in its place atop her head. “Doctor Watson?”
“Excellent, excellent! Follow me, gentlemen. I can take you to the woman who knows them all. If anyone can help us, it is the English Rose,” Henri said with a giggle. He motioned for them to follow him as he continued to chatter on. “There is not a man in all of Paris, or any important men, at least, who is not enamored of her, which is odd as you will see she is rather plain. It must be her hair, for that is how she received her name. All men make fools of themselves over those with red hair, even if they protest otherwise.”
“Oh? Familiar with the marks a whip or a crop make?” John teased, leaning back in his chair. An uncomfortable expression crossed Sherlock’s face, causing John’s grin to widen. “You are!”
Henri continued his monologue as if they were listening, leading them inside a large cabaret that boasted a red windmill over the entrance. Large, colorful posters greeted them as they entered, advertising different performers and acts.
“I’d rather not talk about it right now,” Bill said, taking a pointed sip of beer to remind John that he’d uttered those same words just a few hours ago. They were interrupted once more by the waitress bringing their food and slipping John one more wink and her phone number.
“You were one of us, Seb- ah,” John accused, gritting his teeth at whatever evil enchantment was working its way through his form. He felt the toxin seeping across his aura, paralyzing him with pain. Sebastian laughed at him and then made a slice in John’s leg, sending a fresh venomous wave through him. The smaller angel cried out.
“You’re never on time, even when I do conspire against you,” Miss Addington replied with a chipper smile. She had a valid point. Violet often pressured her to ‘manage’ John a little better and it didn’t work. John’s unwillingness to be at home always kept him running past his scheduled time. John smiled at her in earnest this time, noting that Miss Addington reminded him quite a bit of Miss Hudson. Even though she was young, she held wisdom that was beyond her years. Her eyes were kind and she had an indulgent sense of humor when it came to her employer.
“Same spot, too. Tut, tut, dearie,” Moriarty grinned. “Sebby must just have a lot of nostalgia for that particular shoulder.”
The good doctor turned to wincingly smile at his coquettish wife. While it was common practice for men to take a wife much younger than themselves, he often wondered if she was just a
“It’s- It’s been so long since I- Since I-,” John stopped, at a loss for words. He shrugged. “I don’t know how you can stand to touch me.”
“The web of crime created by the late Professor Moriarty,” his voice dropped to a whisper as he began his explanation, “was in shambles before I ever left London. There was one piece of the puzzle that was missing and it’s absence makes it dangerous. If anything is left, that means the work of the Professor will never truly end.”
“But I probably will. I love hearing you play,” John told him, stifling another yawn. Sherlock’s expression went funny, and John couldn’t figure out what he said that pleased the detective so well.
It took him a few counts in his head, to ten and back to one and back to ten again,before he could peel his eyes open. Luckily the threat of rain meant the area was fairly deserted and the people who were walking were staunchly ignoring his panic attack. He pulled his phone out of his pocket. It was another email notification.
Were there other Marys in the alternative universes? Were there Bills and Mrs. Hudsons and Lestrades?
Bill gave John a weak smile, but it looked genuine, at least. “That’s the most you’ve ever said about it, isn’t it?”
He hadn’t wanted to be in the bloody group in the first place. Ella didn’t like how isolated he was and he refused to take up her suggestion of writing a blog about his experiences, so their compromise was attending the weekly support group meeting. Over time, he’d become friends with some of them, and suffering through the meetings hadn’t been so terrible after all. Then there was Bill. He’d been in Afghanistan at the same time as John and they’d bonded over their similar experiences. Soon, they’d been meeting up for regular drinks and a few other regular past times. He hadn’t been in love, but he’d been attached, and now Bill was gone.
He did, but only because it was incredibly ugly but somehow still managed to suit the man. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Despite the continuous line of patients that had been in and out of his office, John was bored. If he were being honest with himself, he’d been bored for quite some time, but that was another issue entirely. His hand twitched with increasing frequency during the day and his eyes felt heavy. Melancholy had been lingering in his bones, making him irritable and difficult to please. If only this blasted spiritualist gathering weren’t waiting for him at home. Dread was a heavy stone in his stomach as he considered the entire ordeal. Perhaps he’d been too lenient with Violet. He wasn’t a modern man, exactly, but he didn’t believe in trying to control women the way some other members of his sex did. However, Violet was spoiled and he was exhausted trying to avoid her. He couldn’t hide in his work forever.
“No, I’m curious as to who told you that,” John told him. He shifted, tilting forward and folding his arms as he leaned on the desk. “What would make those marks in that sort of setting if not a whip or a riding crop?”
“Please do! I shall entertain your friend while Mettie entertains you. It is what she loves to do, after all,” Henri encouraged with a saucy wink, linking his arm again with Fell. Sigerson, who lived to annoy Fell it seemed, agreed to the proposition.
“I hope you didn’t want to eat that,” Sherlock said. John grinned, hanging his head for a moment before looking back at Sherlock.
. As the afternoon continued to drag towards it’s inevitable conclusion, John had to admit to himself that he was quite…
It had been three years since John’s heart had been smashed at the bottom of the Reichenbach Falls, dashed and disappeared on those cold rocks with the loud noise of rushing waters all around. He had hoped by this point in his life he wouldn’t think of it so often. His nightmares of war hadn’t plagued him in ages and what was life with Sherlock Holmes but a type of war? It hadn’t helped that he and Sherlock- well, those things were best left unsaid. Pledges made in the dead of night and without an audience were hardly worth anything.
“Ah. I just keep getting them from work,” John said, motioning to his medical mask. He knew they weren’t supposed to be reused but he hadn’t expected to be leaving his house so often. Sherlock’s brows knit together before he called down again.
John took the bag before backing away again to make sure he maintained the six feet between them. Inside were a dozen or so colorful fabric masks, some of which were in the same fabric as Sherlock’s. John grinned. “Thank you. Can I give you some money for them?”
, sir. I told ‘im you were a safe person to come to, you know, ‘cause of how you and Mr. Holmes was.
If John could have crawled under Trudy’s half-dead plants just to escape this conversation, he would have buried himself in her garden right then and there. “I know that.”
his wife, his own bloody wife, make a mockery of the suffering he’d gone through? All for a little parlor trick with her friends? “I call upon the spirits! Are you listening to us, spirits?”
John felt all the blood stealing from his limbs as shock settled in. He blinked rapidly, trying to process what Bill had just admitted. “But- But you said-”
It had slipped John’s mind entirely. He stepped out of the bathroom to search for his phone, fully expecting a few of them to have texted, at least, but he stopped cold.
,” Violet said in her high, sweetly sarcastic voice. John tried to glare at her but it really was awfully dark in the parlor.
“Well, I think it’s brilliant. Probably a bit rude, but brilliant,” John said, allowing for the fact that Sherlock, even on their short acquaintance, seemed to lack tact when spouting his deductions and had probably been called rude on more than one occasion. Nothing about Sherlock’s face changed, but John had the feeling he was pleased at the compliment.
Whoever was playing was bloody good at it. John wasn’t much of a classical music person, but this was captivating. He stood there for a long time, listening to song after song, forgetting his anger and hurt for the moment. After a few more tunes, people started to disperse. It was a shame, he thought, staring up at the open window. He’d wanted to see the musician, to see if the person playing was as beautiful as their song, but all he could make out were tall, lean shadows. He noticed a small sign near the front door of the building and as soon as the crowd dispersed he walked over to see what it said.
,” Billy continued, putting an emphasis on words that made John uncomfortable. Holmes and he had never been forward with each other while in Baker Street and he didn’t know how Billy had leapt to that particular conclusion.
He could already feel the grip of panic that lodged inside his throat at the idea that Holmes had been in trouble and he’d been powerless to save him. He clenched his jaw and pressed his eyes tightly shut, breathing in through his nose. Sadly, his little wife did not notice his distress, and continued her pleading.
“It’s certainly one of your many interesting features,” Sherlock purred. Offscreen, he picked up a cigarette and took a drag.
“I’ve seen that bruise pattern in more intimate situations,” John repeated, not knowing if he should elaborate more. Any normal human being would understand what he meant by that.
Thank you so much for reading! If you liked it, please consider checking out my other fic here or come chat at me on Tumblr.
“No, I bet you’d have been the Mrs. in that equation, going by your blog posts,” Bill said, shoving at John’s shoulder. John’s lips broke into a real smile and he shoved back gently.
Out of a lot of things, actually. He ran his hand over his face, wondering when he’d forgotten to get groceries. He hadn’t had too much free time but the clinic wasn’t comparable to the hospitals in terms of patient flow. For the most part, people were being diagnosed via telemedicine and being told to stay home. John closed the cupboard door and snapped off the power on the kettle.
“Neither are women, sir, and it’s good you haven’t had experience with them, for your sake. You’ve got a kind face, sir. I’d love to paint you,” Henri said. An embarrassed but pleased flush crept over Fell’s round cheeks.
“Do you?” Mary asked flippantly, bringing her eyes back to his. John nearly threw his coffee at her. He also considered just getting up and walking away, but it occurred to him that he was a long way from his usual home and in a kind of remote place to begin with.
It was all so ridiculous that John could do nothing more than roll his eyes. The shrill voice of the woman carrying on made John wince and he glared resolutely at the table, attempting to make sense of the shapes in the darkness. There were three large candles, made of red wax, and what looked to be a crystal ball. There were a few other gems that glittered in the dim light, but the crystal held John’s attention. It was certainly a trick of the light that had it looking less clear and more murkey. The table began to shake.
He needed to get off the bridge and get some sense of equilibrium back, so he started to walk again towards what he hoped was an area with more restaurants and possibly a coffee shop. He was in luck and found a sweet, tiny mom and pop shop that reminded him of his college days. He ordered from the young girl working the register and waited for his coffee, glancing once more at his notifications to make sure Bill hadn’t tried to text him. Another popped up from this Lucy woman. She was relentless and apparently ignoring her wasn’t going to work.
It had been so long since John saw his own fiendish face that he wasn’t sure what it looked like anymore. He only knew his tarnished feathers. “Sherlock- I-”
handle a small trip to Mrs. Hudson’s, he was sure of it. Enough time had passed. It was probably even a little healthy for him to visit the old place, come to think of it. It would be a way of… of putting the past to rest, so to speak, and perhaps it might even lessen his grief. Sher-
“You won’t be back tomorrow. You work, at a job you don’t particularly care for although,” the man arched an eyebrow as he mysteriously saw something else on John that alerted him to more facts about John’s boring existence, “not as much as you did before the pandemic. Interesting. You enjoy danger. You must have been an excellent soldier.”
“I would be the harbinger of resurrection, if that were the case.” Mary chewed on her lip nervously, leaning forward to touch his hand. “I’m not the only one who noticed you’d stopped writing. I’m not the only one who was worried. I’m here, John. I’m real. I’m alive.”
be on time. If he were trying to be a good spouse, he would be, but he knew in his heart he didn’t particularly care about being a good husband to Violet anymore. Perhaps he could spare enough time for a quick jaunt back to Bak-to, er, Mrs. Hudson’s house. It had been some time since he had checked on her. Not since he returned from that cursed trip to Sweden.
One of my favorite quotes from Holmes is “They always fill me with a certain horror. It is my belief, Watson, founded upon my experience, that the lowest and vilest alleys in London do not present a more dreadful record of sin than does the smiling and beautiful countryside.” As I've moved from Philly to rural MD, where this fic is set, I have to say I agree with Holmes more often than not so I borrowed the sentiment.
“Shh, just wait,” Sherlock instructed. John allowed himself to be pulled down the hallway and into the restroom. Sherlock flipped the light on and positioned John with his back to the mirror over the sink. “You didn’t see it, either. I could tell you would be the only weapon I’d have against him, my conductor of light.”
- Not beta'd or Britpick'd, and for once this is a gift for me, not Mags. I work in a medical environment in the US so I've been under a lot of stress lately, so the medical aspects of this are based off what I've experienced and might not be true in other areas of the country or world.
“Woman, be silent!” John snapped, pulling once more at the stranger holding his right hand. Suddenly, the table stopped it’s infernal wiggling and the flames of the candles leapt high before burning completely out. There were several screams and a few crashing sounds before John heard the sound of the front door opening as their dinner guests scattered.
“The spirit of Sherlock Holmes!” a gentleman’s voice said. John felt his heart sink to his feet and he began to stand only to be yanked back down by Violet.
