‘People would. And they should- if anyone thinks you're some sort of irresponsible selfish psycho still then I will personally - ‘
‘Hot dog? ‘ muttered the mystery guy. ‘I've never been called that before. You can call me Deadpool or Wade. Wade Wilson. ‘
‘What is it kid? ‘ Tony gasped out as he held the shield up to deflect a sudden onlay of shining iridescent arrows.
‘Well this is quite impressive’ mused a deep voice next to Tony and he turned to find Doctor Strange except… he looked very dishevelled and was only wearing some ripped purple pants.
‘Don't get your panties in a twist Cap, everyone's seen them at least once’ Stark rolled his eyes. ‘I'm on pornhub’
‘Mr Stark! ‘ called the familiar voice of Peter and he caught the shield as it spun back to him, whacking it once, twice into an opponents face before looking up at the kid who was floating in a red mist , dodging various weapons that were being thrown at him, and looking quite gleeful.
‘Peggy’ deadpanned Steve and Tony took one look at the expression on his face and snorted, combined with the outfit it was just too much.
Bruce hopped into one of Tony's flashy cars in the garage, shaking his head at the keys left in the ignition.
* (The Audi E-Tron: getting in on the blatant product placement lol, and it's the only car name flashy enough I could think of off the top of my head)
‘Oh I don't know’ growled Natasha, though Tony could see she was now fighting back a smirk. ‘I just might’
Pepper sighed. ‘I know… Anyway I thought, as you are incapable of not doing anything, you might like to do kids’ birthday parties’
As much as Pepper was annoyed at Loki for teleporting her out of her office earlier, she had to admit it was a little fun.
Unsurprisingly, the monster took offense to this nickname- probably because it was too obscure to be a pop culture reference and it didn't look anything like a crocodile, even if it had probably crawled out of a sewer somewhere.
‘I'm guessing from the hobo chic look and pissed off expression that you've already hulked out?’ Tony laughed. ‘At least Brucie bear gets a little breather, I suppose though he does enjoy the hulk’s company these days… Where's your cape by the way? ‘
Steve punched, flipped and tasted his way through the last few creatures attacking him before taking a breather and looking around properly.
He paused mid sentence and Peter frowned at him, following his gaze to find Captain America wearing Natasha's skin tight black cat suit talking to Vision (who was wearing Star Lord’s trademark outfit) .
This along with how quickly Tony had reacted to Pepper's cry meant Loki had somehow transferred skills along with the powers and outfits or something.
Steve suddenly remembered Stark's get up and realised that under the red spandex guy he was still wearing it. There was a stray flip flop a few feet away.
‘Hey, I thought we were meant to be getting our game on and planning how to defeat a bunch of jacked-up adolescent wannabes? ‘
‘How comes I don't get your shield?’ huffed Tony, looking out a window in search of whatever had caused the mini earthquake and yelped when a familiar vibranium shield nearly brained him,  it had appeared from thin air.
Bucky frowned and he sensed the others around him pausing in confusion too before a spotlight blared out the facility’s window and drew attention to a gaggle of rainbow glowing figures stuck, quite literally, to the dome above.
‘I second that, spandex’ Stark snarked, blasting the guy with an extra strong repulsor and shaking his head at how the mystery guy didn't seem concerned at all with the hole now in his chest. Healing factor? Resistance to pain? ‘You're aren't one of the teenagers rumoured to be giving old ladies wedgies and causing mini earthquakes. Wings were mentioned several times… Unless someone cut them off- I couldn't blame them’
Loki decides to fulfil his title as God of Mischief and Tony needs a break even though this is quite amusing....
‘Tell Clint to tell FRIDAY to broadcast it on the loud speakers, kiddo’ Tony told him, ducking under the next attack. These creatures just kept on coming.
The sludge monster groaned threateningly and Tony raised his bin lid defensively. ‘Bring it on Krindlekrax’
As Peter watched, Vision noticed the look on Tony's face and notified Steve who abruptly turned around and started making his way over.
To his dilemma, there was nothing in reach to do so whilst fending off a mysterious sludge monster other than a roll of binbags, discarded on top of a nearby set of bins.
It spat another mountain of sizzling goop at him and he dodged again, sighing. ‘Can't you just give it up already, toxic waste? I haven't slept in 52 hours, you stole my epic nano reactor and I'm wearing a binbag - and despite looking utterly fabulous in the process, it's starting to get to me’
Peter assessed how it was clinging to the super soldier and put it together with some clips on the internet and Tony's gazes in several avengers’ directions for as long as he'd been around and decided that Mr Stark was probably having an existential crisis over Steve Rogers’ butt.
‘Loki!!! ‘ yelled Tony and he wasn't the only one, he could easily identify Thor’s voice as the loudest in the chorus.
He lost sight of the genius momentarily as he took out a gaggle of creatures and sent them flying over to his kid who flung them upwards to the barrier with Wanda’s powers but when he played looked back he was doing a backflip and okay, that wasn't something Steve usually did so that was all Tony and so maybe he could fight outside of the suit after all….
“He’s the one who suggested it, not me,” Pepper added, looking only slightly apologetic. “You know Hammer, he’ll just pester us about it every time we see each other until one of us agrees, and it wasn’t going to be me again.”
At that moment, the patrol stormed into the room. Steve crouched beneath the table, waiting for one of them to wander close enough and steadying his breathing (Damn, was he seriously that worked up over Stark to merit borderline hyperventilation?). He watched impatiently, noting their positions, as they dispersed throughout the lab, waving the feeble beams of their flashlights around, until some idiot decided it would be a real bright idea to flick on the light switch and make their hunt easier.
Biting down on a laugh, Tony stepped out of the elevator and started towards the kitchen where his friend’s voice had come from. With her jam-packed schedule, Pepper stopping by the tower had become increasingly rare, and Rhodey’s responsibilities to the Air Force had taken him overseas. These days, Tony’s correspondence with his friends consisted of 1am text conversations, his weekly video call with Rhodey, and whatever under the breath commentary he and Pepper shared at galas. Tony had become accustomed to the stillness of the once lively and glittering pent-house. Which was just fine because Tony was a busy man with plenty of projects to occupy his time and plenty of AC/DC to fill the silence. Still, an evening with Pepper was a welcome change.
With a pang, he realized that he’d never make it to the opening of that new wing of the children’s hospital, and he’d promised all those kids he’d be there. He’d promised he’d bring cupcakes, vanilla cupcakes with red and yellow sprinkles. God, he was about to meet his end, and here he was lamenting over cupcakes.
“Because I like you so much, I’ll give you a tiny clue,” he responded, eyes glancing at the roaring log fire. “Think, Stark. Aren’t you cold?”
“A-ha!” Pepper exclaimed, stretching an arm into the depths of the cabinet above the microwave. Tony looked up from where he was digging through the perplexingly large collection of pudding cups he’d discovered in a bottom drawer. Pepper strode over with the small box she’d found and held it in front of his face. “How do you feel about chicken noodle soup?”
“I’m sure you have,” the man laughed. His laugh was reedy, his smile was too toothy to be at all genuine, and Tony was freaked the fuck out. Who the fuck was this guy? How the hell had he gotten here? Where the hell was his ironman suit? Where the hell was Rogers?
He didn’t have that anymore. And, what was weighing him down now was something more than fatigue. Something much heavier. Something Steve didn’t like to dwell on.
“That’s exactly why Fury’s pestering Stark to sign on to SHIELD,” Romanoff said. “He needs to be put on watch or at the very least told what not to get in the way of. Yours is not the only mission that hothead’s interfered with. He’s blown my cover on three separate occasions. The man’s a menace. Thinks his shiny suit gives him the right to blast into and blaze past anything.”
Somewhere above him, a speaker crackled to life. After a few seconds of static, music tinkled through: the Irish melody his mother used to hum. His body instinctually relaxed.
Caught off guard by the peculiarity of seeing terror in the human embodiment of courage, Tony was frozen in place.
Tony peered through the glass, scanning the woman outside’s uniform. Sure enough, there was the SHIELD emblem sewn over her shoulder. Most likely the real deal, then. What the hell could they possibly want?
Pepper’s lips dipped into a disapproving frown for a second, but it didn’t last. She hopped onto the stool opposite him. “Okay, but only because you look like you need it, and you’ve been unsettlingly well-behaved lately.”
“You could conquer anything, and now I’ve conquered you,” he breathed, stroking his hands over Tony’s shoulders as if he were some sparkling prize.
“Thanks, Pep,” Tony said, smiling ruefully. “But, it’s something I’ve been… trying not to think about?” With all his duties to SI occupying his time recently, he’d made sure he didn’t have the time to dwell on the incident. He was half surprised (mostly angry) that he hadn’t gotten over it by now and was apparently just as upset as he had been on that long flight back to the States. “Regardless, I don’t think I’m even legally allowed to talk about this… individual.”
Like the sketchbook the commandos had surprised him with for his birthday that was littered with sketches and notes, a lot of them intimate, from his time on the front. And it had been those same crinkled pages that had been scanned and then projected on an interactive screen at the Smithsonian for anybody to flip through. Or the charcoals Peggy had lent him and that he’d agonized over forgetting to return sooner only for her to bust into giggles when he apologized because apparently they were a gift, you idiot, I can hardly draw a stick figure myself, oh Rogers, what am I going to do with you?. Those were lined up on a sheet of velvet in Baltimore.
“No, I know,” Tony responded, easing their hands apart. The truth was Pepper steered him around at galas by linking arms or (if it was urgent) tugging at his elbow. Holding hands in such a public setting would mean a field day for gossip magazines. Really, Pepper only took Tony’s hand when he had one of these outbursts. It was a good thing, then, that it had been a while.
But, shit, he was spent. It was only two hours ago that Steve had gotten off a mission to recover SHIELD files from a terrorist group in western Colorado. He’d been unlocking the door of his neglected apartment (it had taken him a full half hour to find the key to the place), so fucking ready to fall in to bed, when Fury had called him back to the compound. Being the mature adult he was, Steve did not burst into tears at the prospect of another day’s exertion between him and blissful unconsciousness. He allowed himself a quiet whimper and went down to climb back onto his motorcycle.
Footsteps sounded down the hall. Right. He had work to do. Kicks to asses. Wait no. Asses to kick. Fuck. Steve straightened up and turned towards the noise. He recognized the stomping of Fury’s boots but frowned at the clicking of dress shoes. Whoever it was reeked of cologne. Maybe that was just Steve’s enhanced senses acting up, though.
“This mission’s been a nightmare,” Rogers muttered, getting to his feet only for his knees to buckle. On instinct, Tony caught him by his arm, but Rogers shoved him off.
Soon enough, Steve was racing out of the room and through the halls at full tilt, occasionally launching his shield ahead of him to clear his path of guards. He only slowed when he came upon the door that would take him from the bland hallways of the newly erected facility and into the rusting tunnels of the hydra vessel. Frustrated by his moment’s hesitation and spurred on by the echoing shouts of guards behind him, Steve heaved the hatch open and slipped inside.
Up until a minute ago, Stark had been rambling on and on in his ear about how pretty Greenland was actually and hey that was a rabbit over there and he should totally pet it. Yeah, Stark was definitely still tipsy. Steve hadn’t been able to tell the guy to can it because (after so many missions spent either in silence or with only the stiff affirmations of operatives, the freely flowing commentary was welcomed. Also, it was cute.) he’d been fully occupied with avoiding fists and bullets. Now, the man was silent. Had something happened to him?
“Alright, let’s cut past the freakiness and cryptic shit and get to the part where you explain what you want with me,” Tony snapped.
“I, uh, I have no idea who you are,” Steve replied. “I’ve met a good few Brandts in my time, so you’re going to have to be more specific.”
Tony wasn’t a complete idiot, at least not at the present moment. If his celebrity status had given him anything, it was practice with seeing through the fronts people put on. So, in the back of his mind, he knew Rogers’s cutting responses were merely the outcome of a volatile mixture of frustration with their failed mission, distortion of his perception by the hypothermia, and defensiveness stemming from his exposed and wounded state. But, the moment Rogers made the comparison to Howard, all rhyme or reason vacated Tony’s head, and a blinding fury took its place. Rogers needed to shut the fuck up, and Tony needed to make that happen as soon as possible.
Firm stone walls on four sides meant four surfaces he could ricochet his shield off of. And ricochets were his favorite trick, despite how rare the opportunity for an especially productive one was.
“No. I only bring it up because it’s not exactly wise to go into battle disoriented. You’d be putting the success of the mission as well as your life in danger. You really shouldn’t come.”
There was static for a bit before Brandt responded somewhat irritably, “Franz Brandt, grandson of Hubert Brandt, who you killed in the war.”
“I should get going,” Rogers announced once he finished expertly wrapping up his side. “Like you said, this thing’s going to start stinging, and I’d like some heavy duty drugs to help me cope. It’s been a pleasure, Mr. Stark, and thank you again. I was lucky you were in the area.”
As I was writing, I was all worried that chapter 4 might end up being twice the average length of the chapters so far. It was something like only a few days ago that the vestiges of my basic math skills decided they'd make a comeback, and it occurred to me that I could totally just split the damn thing in two. Out of curiosity, I looked back through the editing history of the document, and well, would you look at that, I could've had this thing posted ages ago.
That last bit, an echo of every lecture Howard had treated him to, touched a nerve with Tony, and he couldn’t stop himself from spitting back, “Yeah, golden boy, I wouldn’t expect you to know, but being drunk does that to a guy.”
Certainly scratching his wrist couldn’t be qualified as an attack, right? And, if his hand just happened to brush up against the latch on his thin metal bracelet, thereby summoning the iron man suit, that would only be by accident.
“No, sir. And might I suggest waiting before taking off again to retrieve the wreckage? Your heart rhythms need a moment to settle down.”
When Brandt finally collected himself, he finished with, “I just want to bring an end to Captain America. And I want it to be as excruciating an ordeal as imaginable. I’d like to break you. I know many others have tried, but they can’t know what I do. I know just where to press you to get you to scream, just where to tap you to get you to crumble, just where to grip you to block out your air.”
A feeling he couldn’t name shot through Steve, and he suddenly felt a lot more alert. Stark blinked back at him, just as surprised. The man’s suit was rumpled, and his damp hair was in disarray, like he’d been rubbing his hands over his head repeatedly. And yet, he was somehow even more beautiful than the first time Steve had seen him, especially since he’d gotten past the likeness to Howard. Absence makes the heart grow fonder or some shit like that. But what did he have to be fond of? He’d known the guy for maybe five minutes. He was just charmed by the guy’s pretty face, that was all. Steve had an artistic eye, so appreciating good facial features came naturally. It had nothing to do with how Steve couldn’t forget that lively twinkle in his eye and light laugh when he’d taken off his helmet. And, it definitely wasn’t because the feeling of those firm arms holding him close and Stark’s soothing voice murmuring “I’ve got you” had been dancing through his dreams in the weeks since. That would just be flat out embarrassing. Any feelings he had were just because Stark had been the first person to offer him genuine comfort in this new age. Stark had spoken to him as a fellow human, not as an operative under his command or as a director, and Steve had gotten attached. Stupid. That was stupid.
“How are you doing this?” Tony asked through grit teeth and successfully managed to subtly nudge the bracelet’s latch. Now, he could only hope his suit was nearby.
Not that it looked or smelled at all appetizing. It was a gross chunky brown and most likely eighty percent protein powder. But, the last thing Steve had eaten was a packet of pretzels two days ago, so he was fucking hungry.
Rogers ignored him and made no move to loosen up. So, Tony bit his tongue and did his best to keep some part of his mind focused on getting them down safely while the rest of his mind was absorbed in tracing the sunlit angles of Rogers’s face just an inch away from his own over and over, still stunned that somehow Steve Rogers was in his arms. It was a good thing Rogers was too occupied with evening out his breathing and that the helmet hid Tony’s face from view because he couldn’t take his eyes off him.
When they got to the door, Steve held it open for Stark and was rewarded with a soft smile. Shoving down the swell of emotions that little gesture of gentleness caused, Steve sat himself opposite of Stark at the long conference table and turned his attention to the dark-skinned man waiting in the room, Agent Samson.
“I missed you, too,” Steve whispered back. Some of the sick, tight feeling he’d been carrying around in his chest for the last week finally began to unclench, and this time the brief silence didn’t feel so fraught.
Well, anyhow. There was always a bit of something to do somewhere in the house if one only looked. Jarvis made up his mind to pop into the library and check up on their guest, if he was still there, and then find something to busy himself with. No need to crowd the man.
. Steve hauled in a ragged, relieved breath.  A couple of hot, silent tears spilled down his face with absolutely no warning and the breath came back out as giddy, almost hysterical laughter. He stumbled sideways until he collided with a brick wall. Penny, still cradled to his chest, licked his cheek and thumped her tail against his side.
“Sweet baby,” he says. His voice is full of fondness and laughter, but he wipes his hand on his shirt before setting Tony down on his lap, paws down this time.
As Steve stood watching, still unnoticed in the doorway, Tony tilted his head up a little from where he’d had his face buried in Penny’s shoulder, staring into the distance with red-rimmed eyes.
Far back along the right-hand wall, tucked up at the base of some stairs, wrapped in a blanket and sitting on the floor, was Tony. Steve couldn’t see much of his face from here, but he was drawing the sort of wet, ragged breaths that suggested a long bout of sobbing that had only just come to an end. Clearly, Clint’s estimation that Tony was “in some kind of mood” had been a bit of an understatement, and the last week’s awkwardness aside, Steve’s first impulse was to run to him and find out what was wrong.
In the intervening hours between lunch and fireworks, Tony quickly took the lead in spankings delivered. Steve initially tried to stay in the lab, as he’d planned to do when he’d come down in the first place. He’d wanted to while away a good portion of the afternoon talking about nothing and listening to passionate tech-rants, figuring that even if Tony did decide to get in on the celebratory battery, he’d at least have only one set of hands to dodge.
“Just down my arm, and I think some may have gotten on my shoes,” Steve allowed himself a wry grimace. “Not the worst that could have happened, but still not the most auspicious start to a first date.”
He leans back against the sofa, and Steve stretches his legs out so that they lay next to Bucky’s, but from the other direction.
Which would’ve stung, from anyone, especially after all the times Clint had assured him that everyone would be happy for him, but it just had to be
“If he does not I shall send him to bed without his supper,” Jarvis promised primly. “And if that is not sufficient he shall be forced to write ‘I live in a very elaborate glass house and must not throw stones’ five hundred times.”
I meant to get a lot more of this done before I started posting but I Do Not Have Patience, so here's the first bit! You get more whenever I finish writing more, i have no idea how long it will be. Let's find out!
He stares at it for a while, baffled. He’s never actually lied, during this whole thing. He tells his viewers he’s the real thing, and they laugh. He doesn’t tell his friends anything, because they have no idea. He hasn’t misled anyone. Only now he’s getting cease-and-desist orders for defaming the image of Captain America, on behalf of Steven Grant Rogers whom we represent, and
Steve sat hunched in the cold, wobbly chair in the corner of the examination room at the vet’s office Tony had hustled them off to, with his chin in his hands, elbows on his knees, and eyes on the little shape shivering on the table. The dog stared back at him, big brown eyes liquid and hopeless. The little thing was more or less spaniel-shaped; its brown and white fur was matted and dirty, its snout pointed, its ears broad and flopped-over, and its body no bigger in total than your average sleeping pillow.
“We walk Penny in the mornings. We take her back to my place before breakfast so that everyone doesn’t feed her bacon.”
Clint startled, stumbling a half-step backwards. The backs of his calves struck the coffee table and he nearly toppled over it, but he managed to save himself in a fantastically un-majestic windmill maneuver that must’ve had its roots in some kind of high-wire act. “Excuse me??” he sputtered, once he had both feet back on the ground. “...have you been talking to Steve?”
to make, and makes so often, isn’t about tech, it’s about design. Steve thinks the graphic design in the StarkTab OS is too simplistic, and he’s played up his distaste for it into a permanent outraged huff that Tony knows is fake. Steve knows how to use a tablet. Steve just thinks the stupid hieroglyphics that represent his apps don’t live up to the beauty of the other things Tony makes.
“We’ve talked about this, bud,” Bucky says with mild reproach. Tony’s pretty sure they haven’t, actually, he hasn’t left Steve’s side since they saw that news broadcast and he hasn’t heard them mention it again. Steve doesn’t question it, though.
That had definitely been Steve’s voice. Steve’s oh-god-not-in-the-common-room-please-Bucky-is-looking-right-at-us voice. But the cat hadn’t moved. Hadn’t stopped licking, anyway.
Finally, eventually, after what was surely much longer than your average interval for a “we found your dog” phone call, Tony returned. Steve looked up at him, expectant, ready to be relieved of this limbo.
Except, the file is too large to send to Tony in a text message. Steve needs to host it online somewhere and send Tony a link.
Tony leaned into him, coming up on his toes just a little, and Steve met him halfway, catching him with arms around his waist as their chests pressed together and Tony’s lips landed gently against his own. The kiss was soft, slow, all promise and potential, no hurry. Tony pulled back after a few moments to smile coyly at him.
Tony needed to break the tension (again, twenty-minute-old relationship), so he pulled back his hand to show Steve his mustard-covered thumb, and gave a slightly reproachful little tilt of his head, as if to say
“Well for one thing, I used to live here. Also, they’re being pretty obvious about it,” he gestured around at the decorations. “The, uh, rainbow flag, and the other ones,” he pointed specifically at the pink-and-red curtains. “It’s a pride thing.”
The bigger problem was that that little spike of panic seemed to have pierced right through all the dividing walls between the other emotions that Tony had been trying not to feel for the last week, and all the dams inside him burst at once.
The three of them boarded the elevator. About halfway down, Tony wrinkled his nose and turned toward Steve with one eyebrow up.
Tony could handle a lot with a press-room smile and a couple of glib one-liners, but this was too much. These nice, safe conversations, these good times with Steve that he’d missed so much but which inevitably turned sideways and shoved his face directly into what he’d lost by not having the courage to reach for it when it was there; it felt like having the arc reactor kicked out through the back of his ribcage. Sudden. Shocking. Unbearable.
“Oh, thank you, that’s very nice of you,” Tony had learned by now that trying to reclaim his fingers at this point would only net him a gentle but firm set of bitty pointy teeth latched onto his hand, which would not relent until he stopped trying to move away. “I
Tony thinks. He holds perfectly still, for a moment. Then, lightning-quick, he reaches out with both front paws, clapping them softly onto the sides of Steve’s finger. Steve jumps, slightly, even though he was almost certainly expecting something like this. Tony hasn’t got his claws out, though.
what’s happened to him, he knows he only weighs eight pounds and he’s cat-shaped and Steve is a regular-sized human being. He knows this. But this has only been true for a few days, and his self-image hasn’t caught up. For most of the last thirty years he’s been five-foot-seven and a hundred and eighty-five pounds, and in his mind, he still is. So when something swoops down from behind him and slides under his ribcage and lifts him bodily off the ground without a second’s hesitation or an ounce of resistance, his primal hindbrain is strongly of the opinion that This Cannot Possibly Be Good. Whatever has him is Too Strong, and he is Not Safe.
“What’re you gonna do, call him by every name that’s ever been thought of until he responds?” They make eye contact for two second. “You’re gonna call him by every name that’s ever been thought of, until he responds.”
The comments on “Captain America Learns to Use a Tablet Computer Correctly” are mostly pretty standard. Most are simplistic, expressing that the commenter enjoyed the video; about ten percent are angry yelling and slurs that seem to have almost nothing to do with the content, and maybe a third overall contain personal anecdotes about a friend or older relative who can’t figure out how to use their own smart device.
“Jesus, no, not like that,” Tony said in a rush. “I mean before that. She’s just a big sweetie and you clearly wanted her so much, needed her even, and I wanted to make sure she knew she was yours, so I tried to give you two some time to get to close, and then…” he looked away and released Steve’s wrist, hunching up again. “I guess dog-time seemed like a special thing for you and Clint. I didn’t belong there. Oh shit, speaking of Clint, what am I doing? You’ve got places to be, god, get out of here, he’s waiting for you,” he sat up suddenly and started trying to scoop Penny’s back half off his lap and push her toward Steve. She was unimpressed.
“He closed a page on my phone!” Steve exclaims. He’s laughing, a little. He actually sounds kind of impressed. “You little goober, you did that on purpose!”
Steve blinked at him, momentarily struck dumb, unable to even hear the vet’s answering opinions. “Tony?” he broke in after a few seconds.
It took Pepper precisely three minutes to ask him who he was pining over now, and it took the both of them about four and a half pomegranate martinis to get him to say it was Steve. Pepper had looked shocked and Natasha delighted, until he’d finished the sentence with “--but it’s too late, he’s already with Clint which is so UNFAIR nobody told me he was GAY I want a rematch,” at which point Natasha had burst into the loudest ugly-laughing Tony had ever heard in his life. She’d still been going, five minutes later, when Tony had pretended to head for the restrooms and instead walked all ten blocks home in the rain.
The archer’s face was very nearly an emotionless mask, but he wasn’t quite as good at that trick as Natasha, and Steve could still read the shocked panic beneath it.
which you should never have even built except it sounded like fun, but hey, my fault, should have known better by now, me? Fun? Disaster. I’m a disaster and anything I do is a disaster and--”
“Useless,” Tony mumbled, trying to calm the hitch in his breath. “Pathetic. Years of therapy, and this, this is the best we can do? Garbage. Broken forever, fuckin’ recycle me for scrap already--”
Phone! Phone is a reasonable thing to do with hands. Yes. Phone. Tony fished the device in question out of his pocket. Dog is hurt, ask Jarvis for directions to a vet. This is what a normal person would do, for sure.
“There’s five cats,” Tony corrected. He waved in the direction of the mantelpiece, where Thor was observing them all disdainfully. “Mind where you sit.”
Tony was wearing bright red sneakers (which were probably deceptively expensive and designer), dark-wash jeans (at
“You did what you could,” Steve, Captain America, cut him off with absolute certainty, brooking no argument. “I knew Howard. If you’d been openly defiant, he would’ve just fired you, and found someone Tony couldn’t turn to at all. You helped, Jarvis. You helped so much.”
The cat doesn’t react, noticeably, but Bucky can see its tail around the edge of Steve’s hip, and it’s thumping impatiently on the floor.
“Hey, you’ll get there,” Bucky says softly, bumping the side of his shoe against Steve’s knee. “If it wasn’t right, it wasn’t right. You’ll find them. Next time.”
“Mostly I’m really really enjoying this chair right now,” Steve answered gleefully, tucking his feet up into it, entirely off the floor. “And forks!” he snatched the teaspoon--no, dessert fork, that was most definitely a dessert fork--out of his cup and held it up triumphantly, with a slightly manic gleam in his eye. “Forks are great!”
“You, I don’t,” Jimmy flounders, “I had a whole thing planned, yeah, but now I need to know, the people need this, what is your channel?”
That smile got a bit more knowing. “The first time we spoke, I was sitting on top of the shelves, reading, and he came over to bother me. I wasn’t as nice as I could have been, I’m afraid, played a bit of a trick on him,” he paused to breathe, eyes far away. “I think I broke his poor heart right in half, that day. But he kept coming back. He still reached out to me, even knowing I was already dead.”
“It’s almost two, actually,” Steve corrected, shifting into a more dignified crouch and turning to face him properly.
is that your secret identity is still intact. You can still do anything you want. There’s no danger of humanizing yourself too far and losing the ability to intimidate bad guys or motivate teens or any of your usual Captainly duties. You’re not going to ruin your own image, because you’re still not speaking as yourself. I think you’ve got the best of both worlds here, sweetheart.”
Tony suppressed a wince. “Jesus, whatever, I just wanted to yell at Natasha, I’m going back to bed before this day gets any shittier.”
Tony relaxed a little, and stopped trying to flee. A half-smile crept onto his face. “To you, or on me?”
Tony frowned at his reflection in the microwave, tracking the crinkles around his eyes and the streaks of grey that were slowly overtaking his stylish morning-hair. “I’m
Steve feels like he’s been slowly imploding as Tony talks, crumbling in on himself a little more with every word. Because this is Tony’s righteous fury voice, this is Tony ready and willing to throw down for his Steve, this is Tony wading through an ocean of paperwork, his least favorite thing, trying to prevent a stranger from hurting Steve, from belittling Steve’s loss. And it’s sweet enough to make Steve feel guilty for causing this whole thing, but holy shit, it’s way too much.
Bucky admonishes, letting the last two words come out stern and scornful. It’s habit, when he’s talking about fire. “If you were gonna build something, you should’ve waited for me to get home.”
“Now, I want to be supportive, here,” Tony says gently, rocking them both from side to side a little, “But I’m not entirely sure why this is upsetting? Did you want to be done with YouTube? Was this supposed to be farewell to the internet?”
A shaky intake of breath threatened to draw Tony’s attention back to the right-hand side of his hospital bed, but he’d rather not look over there, actually, thank you.
“Oh. The brief is: magic sucks and I hate it. Clint is wet because he’s a hellion and until he quits destroying my furniture, he’s going to continue to get visits from the Spray Bottle Of Reprehension.” Tony emptied the dustpan into the trash with a bit more force than necessary and returned to flop down next to his friend. (The lamp had actually met its untimely end
He was so startled he didn’t even notice Tony somehow sneaking back into line until the wily engineer had already landed another strike and sprinted out the door, cackling madly.
That's a wrap! Huge thanks again to sofreakinmanyfandoms for bidding on me last year, to Wynnesome for Beta, and to Festiveferret for being a genius who solves all of my plot problems and deserves a medal.
“Tones. Why do you have five cats. Are they all named after your teammates? Does Steve know about this?”
people don’t know. Nobody who actually knows Steve Rogers has any idea he’s doing this. None of the people who’d know in a heartbeat that piloting a hoverboard around his apartment while aiming a camera down at his own feet and making noises of hilarity and distress as he careens into things is
Steve nodded, not mentioning that he’d been carefully avoiding thinking of her--it--using pronouns that implied personhood. Agency. Personality. It. It’s an it. If it’s a
“What the fuck?” Tony put a hand on his shoulder, tugging slightly until Steve met his eyes. His brow was creased with concern. “I
Shuffling down the empty halls with his blanket-cloak sweeping after him made him feel like some ancient king or viking lord, alone in the echoing chambers of his once-great castle, mourning the lost glory of days gone and companions departed. Which, yeah, melancholy as fuck, but it made him think about Thor, which was a nice change of pace, and put him in the mood to read some high fantasy, which was finally something that might distract him from this funk for more than a few seconds.
“Hi, Clint,” he sighed, remaining sprawled out flat on the living room floor, “I’m sorry, I didn’t know what to do, and you’d said...”
The first twenty-fourish hours of Oh God Cats hadn’t gone too badly, mostly. Some minor property damage, and he’d gone through most of a box of Avengers-themed bandaids (thanks, Thor), but nothing that wouldn’t heal in a few days or cost more than fifty bucks to replace. Although they had quickly learned that the litter boxes Tony had ordered at first had not been meant for beasts of Steve and Thor’s caliber. After they’d had to hose down the common area bathroom exactly once, Bucky had silently hauled out an empty plastic twelve-gallon storage tub and dumped three bags of litter into it.
One of Strange’s arcane golden spinny-circles opened up in the air just inside the office, and Strange himself stepped through it, allowing it to vanish behind him.
“The real Steve, Tones. Steve Rogers, big guy, blonde, takes you out dancing sometimes, I know you know who I mean.”
In the interest of not missing a week completely, here's about half of what would have been the last chapter. More next week-ish!
,” he grumped, turning away from the offending image to finish pouring glasses of orange juice. “Worse than that, I’m domesticated. I used to be cool, Rogers, I used to be somebody, I used to drive fast cars and woo pretty people, now I’m just a nobody old fart making waffles and bacon on a Saturday morning.”
-spritzing, the original punishment had been earned for certain tiny archers sharpening certain tiny claws on certain favorite armchairs.) “Yeah, so. You’ve got Clintten and Captain Americat there. Thor’s on the fireplace. He doesn’t get cute cat names because he is
He stood in a half-crouch, creeping carefully around ruined walls toward where the enemy had been centered. Nobody there, either. He poked around a few more corners and niches, looking for anyone, anything, but all he found were scorch marks, spent arrows, and shield scars.
A set of familiar tuba notes plays as the shot pans back from the computer, resolving into the “Curb Your Enthusiasm” theme, just as Steve swivels his chair 180 degrees to face a full-length mirror on the opposite wall. He’s not in uniform, but it’s clearly, obviously him, Steven Grant “Captain America” Rogers, in jeans and stocking feet and a soft blue t-shirt with a picture of his shield on it. He makes eye contact with the camera in the mirror and cocks an eyebrow in time with the high piccolo note in the song.
“Not on purpose,” Steve pointed out, turning around to lean backwards against the counter. “And it wasn’t really that bad. They didn’t seem to have any clear plan of what to do with us, so mostly it was just kind of dull.”
“And. Um. Steve’s a hundred,” Bruce had finished with a wince, apparently realizing he’d made a terrible mistake. “Sorry, Steve.”
It’s only 48 hours, two high-speed car chases, one brutal punch-out with Doctor Doom, and three million views later, that he realizes he hadn’t chosen the option to post it as “unlisted”.
She hopped up in the center of his chest and settled into a prim little loaf. He held very still for a few more minutes. Moved one hand up to rest next to her, fingertips tapping lightly on his collarbone. She studied them for a while. When she finally nuzzled against his hand for scritches, he gave them with a long, satisfied sigh. Nat’s trust was always hard-earned and never to be taken for granted.
“You fucking heard me, Dumbledore,” Tony took a steadying breath. “Some big bullshit went off and the bad guys are gone and my friends are meowing. The armor must have shielded me, but this? This is a you problem.”
, Clint had said, like this was something people celebrated. Steve’s mind skipped back to the young people in the park and he suddenly recalled how he’d thought it was odd that Tony had specified that men didn’t like to touch their
“You didn’t, bud. You tried, god help you, but no.” Bucky fishes around behind himself on the sofa cushions until he comes up with the TV remote. “Here, I bet we can find a Youtube tutorial for something that doesn’t burn down or collapse when you breathe on it.”
The last cat had followed in on their heels, and immediately turned toward where Rhodey was sitting.
a date. Very definitely a real date, Steve had been very clear on that, even if he did seem to be in an adorable dither about what that meant he could actually
“Penny?” Tony filled in. His eyes flicked to Steve’s for a fraction of a second, then to the floor, like he couldn’t bear to look even at the dog now. “No. I dug up some comment threads across Facebook, speculating about her. The consensus seems to be that they’re pretty sure she’s gone too, and it’s sad but it’s for the best because nobody else can take in a dog right now, for various reasons.”
The air was laced with scents of antiseptic and damp fur, of animals in varying states of distress. This particular dog, after a fairly cursory checkup, had been diagnosed with nothing worse than a lacerated paw (bandaged now) and moderate malnutrition. Time and proper diet would take care of that, assuming someone was willing to provide them. But, that examination had come and gone and so had the workers who’d administered it, and Tony still wasn’t back with any news about the chip.
Steve opened his mouth to reply, but caught movement out of the corner of his eye and reacted without thinking. In a blink, he’d spun around on the spot and caught an upraised hand by the wrist before it could again encounter his backside. No surprise who it belonged to.
Steve nods along, trying to make the right face. The one that looks serious enough to acknowledge that they’ve mentioned something Not Funny, without removing the possibility of bringing the conversation back to a happier place.
He woke to the disapproving face of Bucky Barnes leaning over him. Apparently the landing had been too smooth to wake him; or maybe he was just
“Yes!” Steve can’t stop giggling, and Jimmy keeps wheeling around like he’s searching for answers, like he thinks he’s been had. “It’s true, I’ll prove it! Guys, roll the clip I gave you.”
When Tony shook his soulmate’s hand, Jarvis was there to watch the understanding dawning in his eyes.
. She’d never really ended up living at the tower, of course, but she still loved it. Pep always made a point of spending a bit of her precious free time there, if she’d been working at the tower offices or visiting Tony.
If Tony didn’t show up soon, there was going to be a trench in the floor all the way around the sofa in the sunken living room. Steve just couldn’t sit still. Penny sat on one of the armchairs, watching him orbit and whining occasionally. She had her leash on and Steve had the big bag full of dog things, and that meant
It had been a long road for Steve and Tony to get as close as they were again. It wasn’t perfect, not yet, but Steve had taken up inviting himself to Tony’s work spaces with offerings of food or beverage the way he’d used to way back before Ultron, and Tony was mostly allowing it. In fact, if Steve wasn’t much mistaken, Tony seemed to be spending more and more time doing his work from the compound, lately. And yet, there were awkward pauses, much deeper and longer ones than they’d had even right after the helicarrier, and there’d been one entirely heartrending incident in which Tony had been leaving a room, deep in conversation with his AI, and Steve had been just about to enter. The sudden surprise of looking up only to have his field of view entirely filled with Steve had caused Tony to reverse course so suddenly that he’d been flat on his ass on the floor with an arm thrown protectively over his face before either of them knew what had happened. They’d stared at each other in silence for a full minute, each burning with shame for his own reasons. They hadn’t spoken of it since.
although he was holding it together a bit better on the outside than Tony, because Captain America was good like that. “It...he was in the middle of the street and he was limping and there was a car and they didn’t see him? I didn’t even think, I just. I had to.”
Tony jabs out with a paw, frustrated, and hits the back button on Steve’s phone with great prejudice.
“--reported missing this morning by his close friend and CEO of Stark Industries, Virginia Rhodes,” the anchor is saying. “Mr. Stark was last seen at the Bridgeport offices of Stark Industries’ medical technologies branch, by his colleagues on the research and development team. We urge anyone with information about the whereabouts, movements or well-being of Mr. Stark to please reach out to the phone number or email address on your screens…”
Steve stares at the screen in shock for a while. He never had managed to send Tony the link--they’d been called out while it was still uploading. Tony hasn’t even seen it, this video that Steve had made just for him, but approximately three million strangers have witnessed “Captain America Learns to Use a Tablet Computer Correctly,” and youtube.com/ALLCAP has over two thousand subscribers.
That gets another ripple of laughter from the audience and has Jimmy leaning on his desk for support. (This anecdote is not quite accurate. Tony has been pretty insistent on Steve dropping the “future” talk, but it’s actually because Tony correctly interprets it as a sign of Steve’s displacement syndrome sneaking up on him. This is meant to be
“I’ve learned a few interesting new things about this century, lately,” Steve began, suddenly feeling nervous all over again. Understanding started to dawn on Tony’s face, though, so Steve carried on. “I’ve thought about it, and I wanted you to be one of the first people I tell: I’m gay,” Steve paused for a quick, steadying breath. He’d avoided actually saying those words, the first time, but it felt important to face it now. “I prefer the company of men, romantically speaking, and I always have.”
“But you’ve had some time now,” Fallon continues, “And I’m wondering, first of all, if you’re familiar with YouTube?”
The next day, ALLCAP releases a video that features a shot of a man who looks very much like Tony Stark (at least from behind), and Steve’s fans immediately lose their minds. They want to know who he’s found to play Tony. He tells them, with angelic innocence, that it
“Ah,” the happy expression on Steve’s face flickered. “Yes and no. Mostly, uh, I sorta...oh god, Jarvis, he’s going to be so mad at me.”
Even Bruce had gotten in on it, delivering a single, ringing slap when Steve had sought him out in the greenhouses in hopes of sanctuary. Bruce held up his hands in helpless supplication at Steve’s betrayed look, as FRIDAY dutifully announced, “Twenty-six.”
“I still don’t think that’s it,” Clint murmured back. He sounded subdued, though, like he knew that his reassurances might be wrong. “Hey, you didn’t tell him where I was going this weekend, did you?”
Natasha, when asked if she’d like to do something sometime, brought him along to what was apparently a standing weekly girls’ night with Pepper at a club that played a lot of electro-swing and served Very Pink Drinks. The idea had terrified him in concept, but the night itself had been so relaxing he’d readily agreed to come along as often as possible for future Fridays.
“Oh gosh, Tony, I’m sorry, that must’ve been, uh, I just,” Steve stammered, at a loss to explain himself. He looked down at the dog and made a few unacceptable faces of his own. His internal monologue was clearly also running something along the lines of
Steve tumbled backwards, scrubbing mysterious wetness from his face with both hands only to find himself with two hands full of wet instead. He glimpsed Tony through squinted eyes, apparently trying to squirm out of his own skin while scrubbing his face with the hem of his t-shirt.
Tony stuttered to a halt, looking like he’d been caught with his hand in the cookie jar, as Steve dropped onto the carpet beside him. They stared at each other for a minute. Steve had no idea where to begin.
Smiling, Tony glanced up to meet Steve’s eyes. The way Steve was looking at him took his breath away, even though he’d been more or less expecting it. Those baby-blue eyes had gone dark and wide, his lips slightly parted, a flush high on his cheeks, and his whole expression open and fragile and hopeful.
Steve had declined all press events to spend this day with his friends at home on the compound, but he was starting to regret it. Sam got him by calling an “on your left,” and then going in from the right. Nat got in three more before lunch. Steve gave himself half a complex dodging away from any object big enough to have a person hiding behind it, after the first four such pieces of cover he’d passed had concealed either Clint or Bucky lying in wait. FRIDAY had started keeping the tally, in order to coordinate between scattered teammates, and would slyly announce the new number after each hit landed.
“It’s not me,” Bucky says, shaking his head. Ugh, phantom adrenaline is such a bitch. “Mine’s having some kind of
He paused in the doorway, mouth open, meaning to ask, “Is there anything I can fetch for you, sir?” but never managing a word of it. Because there was Captain America, nestled warmly in a plush library chair, with a cup of tea, wrapped from shoulders to toes in
This time, the tension was broken by Tony grunting urgently and pointing at Penny, who, sensing weakness and distraction, had edged slowly closer until she was finally able to delicately snatch all the turkey out of the sandwich that had been drooping between Steve’s knees.
Clint gave a low, fond chuckle. The curb of the sidewalk they were strolling down was also done in rainbow blocks of color, and a ground-floor unit to their left had curtains in the front window striped with crisp bars of pink and red. “Yeah, this is a
So when Barton looked up at him in surprise as he barged into the archer’s private suite unannounced and uninvited, Tony had very little time to come up with an excuse for this behavior.
Tony’s staring at the floor, sulking, because cats are allowed to sulk, it’s expected, and he feels like he’s earned it, anyway. It’s been a hell of a week. Less than a week, even, but still plenty of hell. He’s got a long list of complaints he’d like to submit, but chief among them right now is that everything is
Tony does. It doesn’t take long. He looks up at Steve from behind the phone with an eyebrow raised, when it’s over.
On the way back to where they’d parked, Steve’s eye was caught by all the colorful decorations in the neighborhood. He’d seen them on the way in, but had been a little too up in his own head with nerves about Penny’s first outing to really take note.
Rhodey blinked at him a few times from the rec room doorway, before looking down at what had been shoved into his arms.
Considering the childhoods of most people in the room (lonely, tortured, on the run, ninety years ago, in space, et cetera), the concept had mostly gotten blank stares at first. But as Bruce had talked, light bulbs had gone off almost visibly above each Avenger’s head.
Steve pulls back out of Tony’s reach and lets a skeptically-raised eyebrow make his counterpoint for him.
He was also trailing a rather regrettable funk made up of the ghosts of the four different colognes he’d tried and then tried to wash back off, but at this point he could only pray that Tony, as a regular human with regular senses, would probably only pick up on the one he’d accidentally sloshed all the way down his forearm.
Tony looked over at him, something grim and final in his gaze. Steve tried to gather himself to face that down, to present an argument for why it mattered that they take the time to ensure the future safety of this animal rather than just walk away without looking back. But, just then, the door opened, and the same young vet who’d checked the dog for her--
He gave bad answers, made flimsy excuses, and got the hell out of the room. He strongly considered revoking some of Steve’s door codes, after the second time, but settled for having JARVIS withhold information about his location instead.
“It’s okay, Tony,” Steve whispered back, still inspecting the carpet. “You can’t help how you feel.”
“Edwin Jarvis,” Jarvis offered, somewhat unnecessarily, returning the handshake. There was strength behind that man’s grip, but the Captain--Steve?--apparently felt no need to use it on him.
Or rather, Tony was yanked violently out the doors so quickly that Steve lost sight of him for a moment. Steve could feel his body ratcheting up into SAVE TONY mode in the blink it took to locate him again, but before he could make it a full step out the doors after him, the picture took shape.
Tony had run all the way from downtown up to Greenbriar Park, in the dark, on four legs, disoriented and terrified, on the strength of one hope. The hope that he was running straight to his person. His person could help him, should have been able to help him. He’d been so sure that if he reached their bench and found his other half, he’d be able to look into their eyes, and, and they’d have been
Atta girl!” Clint crowed. Penny was galloping off in circles, proud of her prize. Clint whistled and held out his hands to encourage her to circle back their way. “Knew you’d be a frisbee fiend, hell yeah. Get that over here, you good girl.”
Of course, that plan went perfectly just up until the exact moment that Jarvis stepped into the library and laid eyes on the Captain.
, mister!” Steve shouted back into the room, scrambling to his feet, breathless with laughter and answering Tony’s challenging grin with one of his own. “No more home-field advantage for you! You want me, come and get me with everybody else!”
It took ages to round them all up, and multiple trips. Tony was gaining a new appreciation for the phrase "herding cats.”
, along with Clint. That one very very uncomfortable moment that Tony was trying very hard to forget. In which he had opted not to waste time debating the finer points of consent between persons under the influence of magic who may or may not be  able to communicate with each other right now and may or may not be in their right minds and may or may not have been invoking the name of Budapest as a thinly-veiled maybe-euphemism for years, and had instead emptied the entire Spray Bottle Of Reprehension over the scene and immediately gone in search of booze.
He feels a bit bad about it, but all he wants is for a lawyer to send a message to his official Avengers address (and not the throwaway gmail account he’d signed up for in order to use YouTube) asking him if he minds the videos, so he can say no.
“A little weird, but I can take it for a day to see everyone having fun,” Steve admitted. “And you’re older than I am, asshole.”
someone still meant the world to him. Even if--especially if--he didn’t have to punch anybody’s brains out their ear to do it.
the hallway into the wall. He apologized for the unnecessary force, and made sure to check that Steve was all right before leaving, but still walked away calling “Two!” over his shoulder.
He’s so shocked, his first impulse is to close the laptop and put it away, and hope that makes it stop. Then he chuckles at himself, because that isn’t how the internet works and he knows it. He does it anyway. Better to face this problem later, when he’s not so battleworn. He shuts down the computer, heads up to the penthouse, snuggles into bed curled around the best man he knows, and puts it out of his mind for now.
Tony’s coffee was snagged out of his slack grip. He whined sadly as Natasha stole away toward the table with it, wafting the mug at him as she went. Not the first time someone had used this tactic to move him from the kitchen bar to the dining table when breakfast was ready. He followed, not proud that such methods worked on him, but glad the team seemed willing to work with his sleepy-brain rather than leave him blinking at the wall until he got hungry enough to notice that they’d all finished and left hours ago.
For the first few hours, it had certainly seemed like Tony wasn’t planning to get involved. Steve hadn’t even seen him again between breakfast and lunch. After his own lunch, though, Steve had tossed some extra pasta salad, a hunk of chicken, and a bottle of water on a plate and headed for the main lab. Even if Tony wasn’t going to join in the (totally not Steve-approved and definitely improper) game, Steve still wanted to spend some time with his once-and-future friend on his day, if only to show that this was a bridge he was still interested in rebuilding.
Steve felt his insides wither. He started to pull back, but Tony grabbed his wrist to keep his arm in place.
He twitched the covers back and twisted awkwardly, peering down to find his soldier’s face innocent and slack with sleep. And yet, Steve clung to him like a limpet, sighing out a surprisingly intelligible “Don’ talk mean about my boyfriend, I love’m,” before resuming his usual quiet snoring.
of birds. Thor had not been allowed outside. Tony did not want to know how he got access to birds. (They had looked like wild birds, at least, and not likely to be pets that someone had unwisely left unattended during Catpocalypse.)
The floor falls away into the distance--oh, god, the table is very tall and Steve is very much taller, even sitting down--and Steve’s other hand sweeps around under his haunches, politely gathering up his tail along the way. Within a moment, Tony is upside down, cradled against Steve’s chest like a newborn with his paws curled in front of him. He’s staring up at Steve, wide-eyed, only able to think how much warmer it is, up here, and how very much Steve’s recently-slept-in cotton tee smells like home.
“What do we need, a leash?” Tony snapped off, a cheery press smile on his face. “Collar? Kibble, definitely, dog’s gotta eat. Oh, a bowl! Carrier. Does a dog that size need a carrier? What else?”
The next morning he found a box of chocolate bars on the penthouse coffee table with a note reading “Back in 3 days, feel better --Nat.” Which would have been a lot kinder if the candy hadn’t been wrapped in bright scarlet paper with blue block letters proclaiming the product name “TONY’S CHOCOLONELY” on each bar.
And he hasn’t got the ability, right now, to install any collapsible staircases--or, better, elevators--but he can, currently, do something else.
Steve sat up tall and squared his shoulders. Penny, disturbed from her comfortable lap yet again, finally gave up on humans as furniture and sat herself upright on the floor between them.
It’s titled “Captain America Learns to Use a FitBit”, which has nothing to do with anything; it’s just a suggestion Steve had drawn from his inbox. One of many little gadgets his viewers want to see him try out. The video is mainly various clips of his wrist, each showing the display on the workout monitor after an activity, framed so that it’s obvious what he’s been doing. One next to a set of weights, one on a treadmill, one at the edge of a swimming pool, and so forth.
“I fucking hate magic,” he announced, just to watch a tiny fraction of the tension ease out of Steve’s shoulders. “You go low, I’ll go high.”
Which would’ve been fantastic news and required a complete overhaul of his “quietly pining until it goes away” plan. Except for the proud, fond way Clint was smiling at Steve, the shy, grateful way Steve was looking back at Clint, the comforting hand Clint was running up and down Steve’s back, and the week and a half that Steve had spent almost exclusively in Clint’s company right before this announcement, which led to the second realization:
The cat’s tail pulls out of Bucky’s line of sight and a sleek black shape flashes past with a low growl, back into the castle. The castle, in all its questionable glory, tilts violently forward and nearly topples facedown onto the carpet--Bucky yanks his legs back reflexively to get out of the impact zone--but Steve is faster. His arm snaps sideways, clotheslining the top level of the tower. The structure bows out in the middle, still trying to fall despite the obstacle Steve has provided, but the tape holds and he’s able to tip it back into place.
In a frantic rush to think of another idea, he lands back on his own gut reaction from last night. Two hours later, ALLCAP has posted its second video.
“Fuuuuuck,” Tony breathed out, sounding utterly defeated. “I have to start all over now, apparently I didn’t even know what I was apologizing for, the first time. I’m so, so sorry, I didn’t mean to--”
“I did say, and I meant it,” Clint assured him lightly. A sudden rush of air was all the warning Steve got before Clint had flopped out on the floor next to him with surprisingly little impact. Clint mimicked his pose, chin on arms, and half-turned his face to Steve. “You called, I’m here, what’s the deal?”
It dawned on Steve very suddenly that the thing Clint was so afraid of was the possibility that Steve would think this was
One down and four to go, Tony paused to update FRIDAY on the situation via the jet’s comlink, and place a few Amazon same-day-shipping orders that were going to confuse the hell out of whoever was at the compound today.
“Good god, that was a lot,” Tony muttered, almost inaudible but for Steve’s enhanced hearing. He glanced down suddenly, seeming surprised to notice the dog in his arms. “And where did you come from, madam?” he asked, bemused. He brought up a hand to stroke her neck and she rewarded him with a doggy smile, mouth open and panting. “Yes, I see, you smelled someone who needed a hug, very well done. You’re a good kid, Charlie Brown. However, you are also most definitely playing hooky and absolutely ruining your father’s plans for the day, he’s probably looking everywhere for--oh.”
Half-hysterical laughter bubbled up through the cracks of Tony’s fading panic. “Steve? Baby are you even awake?”
Steve bit back the impulse to insist, and looked away, deflating. Tony didn’t want to talk to him. He had to respect that. They sat in silence for a few moments. Steve was trying to figure out a polite way to ask for his dog back so he could leave, since Tony didn’t seem to want him around, when Tony spoke up again.
There’s a pattern to when the cat is yelling. It yells at the TV, then whips around to yell at Steve, then at the TV again, twice; again at Steve. Every time, it’s right after somebody says--
. Probably Steve’s fault. Between the momentum of starting his days at hell-o’clock in the morning and the magnetic force generated by sky-scraping towers of bacon pancakes, he’d quickly drawn the rest of them into a routine.
He’s wired for the eyes that are looking back at them out of his phone screen right now, but unfortunately, a photo isn’t going to seal them, either.
He tries, very hard, to phrase an email politely suggesting that they should ask Captain Rogers himself if he minds the videos, without actually stating that he is or is not, himself, Captain Rogers. He says, in broad terms, that if Captain America asks him nicely to stop, he’ll stop.
When the boys fled upstairs on a thin pretense, clearly eager to be alone together, Jarvis shook his head and smiled, and did his best to distract poor miss Van Dy--Wasp, that is, and Giant Man, with dinner.
Natasha took the longest, though, because if Nat didn’t want to be caught, you were not going to catch her. In the end it took Tony lying motionless on his back in the grass with her tac suit draped over him for almost ten minutes to lure the little tortoiseshell ragdoll out of hiding.
“Oh noooooooooo…” The words came out half-formed, like a vaguely-enunciated exhale more than a sentence. Tony caught himself reaching for the dog and jerked his hands back guiltily. What was he going to do, pet it better? Only now he didn’t know what to do with his hands.
“Uh, maybe, what day is it?” Tony grimaced and waved off the inevitable scolding. “Don’t answer, it doesn’t matter. Got things to do. Stuff to build. Money and machines, it’s what you keep me around for, all I’m good for anyway.”
he would’ve picked someone with some chance of returning his affections. Steve. Sweet, gorgeous, careful, soft-hearted hard-headed Steve, with his dog and his biceps and his eyes and his pancakes, was without a doubt the straightest person Tony had ever met. Tony was making his peace with that, gradually. It would take time to teach his heart (and his dick) to let go of the idea, but there was nothing to be done. You couldn’t just make people change, and he’d never want to change a single thing about Steve anyway, even if that meant Steve would never want him.
“nnnnnnnoooooo...” moaned a sleep-laden voice from somewhere around Tony’s hip. A burly arm snaked around his waist, and the face that was still buried under the blankets nuzzled up to, mostly, Tony’s ass. “Don’, s’mean, s’my boyfren, s’perfec, ilovem.”
The same thing happens again, and Steve sighs. “Mittens likes it?” he tries. There’s an indignant yowl from inside the cardboard castle.
you,” Clint knocked his shoulder against Steve’s, then leaned back away into his own corner of the sofa. “That man would do anything for you.”
From offscreen, Steve makes a small, wordless noise of confusion. The shot rotates sideways, as he sits up from reclining along the couch and turns to face the coffee table. He sets down the dummy phone next to his laptop and opens the computer’s screen. His browser is already open to a new tab, and he redirects it to YouTube. (Sharp-eyed viewers may note that the other open tabs include “how to google,” “what is a euro,” and “what’s wrong with this banana.”)
for young Tony--not that it wouldn’t be even better if he’d hurry up and trust them with the truth about who was fighting beside them, but, there, that was an old argument, and one he certainly wasn’t going to win when the Master wasn’t even present.
He can’t right now, because that would require a blowtorch, an industrial-scale incinerator, and thumbs. Frustrated by this knowledge, Tony scoots away from him. He rapidly runs out of table in that direction, so he hops down to the empty chair opposite Steve and then to the floor. The floor sucks, though. He vaults up to the countertop instead. (See, Steve, he can jump. He barely slipped at all.)
“It’s Sam,” Bucky chimed in helpfully, having returned with a sleeve of crackers in hand and leaning over the sofa behind them. “Tony’s mad at him.”
,” Bucky corrected cheerfully. Tony wasn’t sure what that meant, but Bucky said it like it was in Russian. She was riding on his shoulder, as usual, as he passed them on the way to the kitchen.
“Remind me to block Doctor Weird’s number when we get back,” Tony grumbled, rolling out of the way of another implausible bolt of sparkly bullshit.
Once Nat had been brought back to the plane he gathered everyone’s scattered gear, his suit included, and took a hard-earned nap while FRIDAY flew them back.
“Tony? What did you do?”  Steve’s voice wavered between amusement and concern, drifting over from the other side of the workshop.
The other option, of course, Jarvis realized as his chagrin faded into suspicion, was that the Captain had invited himself into Tony’s room and had a good look around, gleefully retrieving this prize with which to intentionally torment the Master. All the old propaganda painted him as a good man, of course, and he’d seemed a decent sort of fellow so far, but they didn’t really know him, did they? It was entirely possible that he had a mean streak a mile wide, and it’d been far too hasty of the team to welcome him so quickly.
Every room in this apartment is like a gothic cathedral, the table’s as high as a normal ceiling, Steve and his roommate are like
Bucky leans back against the counter, raising the mug of coffee he’s just poured, hesitates, and blows away the steam instead of taking a sip. He squints at his drink like it’s the coffee’s fault that it’s too hot, then squints at Steve instead. “Going down to the shop like that?” he retorts.
Steve leapt up to try and catch her. Penny scrambled away, snarfing deli meat as fast as possible while also trying very hard not to be wherever Steve was. Tony would’ve helped, but he was too busy laughing his ass off.
Tony blinked. Shook his head. Tried banging on the helmet a few times, until the HUD settled back into a readable array of information, arranged around the display of Steve’s worried face. Nodded, once, sharply.
Steve sidled a little closer. Tony glanced at him, with a nervous smile playing about his lips. Steve reached out, warmth blooming in his chest and butterflies in his stomach, intending to slip his palm into Tony’s and lace their fingers together.
The Wonder Twins weren’t what Tony was interested in, anyway, so he didn’t pay them much mind. He narrowed his mental depth of field, let them blur into the background, and watched Steve.
“I’ll put that on the to-do list,” Steve answered wryly, ignoring his own attempted chatter-control. “Right under--”
Resigned acceptance has only just begun to take shape on Steve’s face, when it is suddenly replaced by panic. “Tony, no!” he shouts, and leaps up so suddenly that Tony, startled, flinches and dunks most of his face in the mug of hot, black coffee that Bucky had unwisely left behind.
When he turned back, Tony had the end of Penny’s leash in his hand. By his bemused expression, Steve must have passed it off to him without thinking. Before Steve could give so much as an “oops, sorry” and take it back, though, Tony’s face had settled into a pleased, almost proud expression, and he’d wound a hand through the loop.
“Ugh, sorry,” Tony grumbled, shuffling toward the coffee maker in the sudden silence. “I know, I know, nobody wants to see the landlord at breakfast, just need to refuel.”
Clint managed to get the first spank when Steve was distracted putting away the freshly-washed components of his breakfast blender, skittering away immediately with a triumphant cry of “One!” and only cackling louder when Steve turned to shoot him an unimpressed glare.
That, finally, left only Steve and Bucky. Steve turned around to face his oldest friend with a rueful smile.
Steve shrugs at him. “You sit on a park bench long enough, cats start to adopt you. I do not control the cat.”
The workshop didn’t hold much appeal right now; working while this cranky usually resulted in either a mild-to-moderate injury or an update to the War Machine armor that even Rhodey would think was a bit on the WMD side. So, with the place to himself, Tony took to wandering the common floor, barefoot, in flannel sleep pants and an old undershirt, with a blanket draped around his shoulders like a cloak.
Steve hesitated for about five seconds, then shucked off his pants, ducked around the door into the shower, and washed the other half.
Rhodey, halfway to seated on the couch, glanced down and changed course in a sudden lurch to avoid landing on Steve. Steve, unperturbed, climbed into Rhodey’s lap and made himself at home.
“Well, firstly because it was incredibly classified,” he started, “I’m not sure what I thought could possibly come of it at that point, but treason is treason. And then, I guess, it would’ve been awfully mean, wouldn’t it? Assuming he believed me, I’d just be adding more awful things to the situation. ‘Hey Tony, know how your soulmate’s dead and trapped in a library and can’t touch you? Well, he’s also your favorite superhero! Who’s dead and trapped in a library and can’t touch you! Forever!’“
Tony tilted forward on his elbows, nearly dunking his nose in the fresh mug of coffee he held in both hands. Rich, caffeinated steam washed over his face. He could feel his brain starting to boot up, just from breathing it in. He imagined himself with a loading bar over his head, filled in to about one percent, and giggled softly into the cup.
“Hey, whoa, Cap, it’s not like that anymore,” Clint took a step back, palms out placatingly, the fear on his face showing through more and more by the second. “It hasn’t been illegal since--shit, I’m not a history guy, a long time? You can’t go to prison for it anymore. In New York, even, two dudes can get married! In a church! Well, that depends on the church I guess but legally! Signed and filed and government recognized! So, yeah, okay? Whatever you’re thinking, the kids around here are nice people and there’s nothing wrong with them and they’re allowed to live, now, it’s okay for everybody to know, it’s fine, it’s good, it’s a good change, you’re gonna need to get used to it.”
“Boop,” Steve whispers. The pad of his finger just touches the end of Tony’s nose, so light he almost can’t feel it.
“Perhaps, Captain.” JARVIS allowed, his voice transitioning into the interior of the elevator as Steve boarded. “Mister Stark may have some ideas on the subject, if you would care to ask him.”
“Better,” Steve pulled him into a brief hug, then clapped him on the shoulder. “Is this about the portable music player line again?”
“I’m not in until eleven.” Steve is still in his pajamas, and his hair is all over the place, there are pillow wrinkles on his face and he’s the softest and most beautiful thing Tony has ever seen.
Tony stared at him, from the stealthy half-crouch he’d been caught in. Steve stared back, cheeks reddening.
That sad-eyed smile finally turned up to face him. “I met Tony Stark for the first time when he was sixteen years old. I
Tony’s not quite sure why that thought bothers him so much. He has no way of knowing whether Bucky was ever a first responder, or had ever wanted to be. Maybe he’s got a desk job at the department and he loves it and he’s very good at it and he lost the arm in a way that was completely unrelated to his job and relatively un-traumatic and not remarkable. That’s possible. Tony doesn’t know of any particular reason for him to need anything nicer than a bottom-of-the-market facsimile.
“Now, Cap,” Fallon picks up from a bout of laughter in the middle of their chat. He’s got that smile on that he gets when he’s about to pull something, bring up something embarrassing, and Steve’s own grin only widens. Here it comes. “You’ve been here with us all in the, uh, ‘future’ for a while now--”
Everyone waited politely for him to go on, but he appeared to be struggling to find the words. Tony’s brow furrowed, watching Steve slowly turn pink.
Eventually, the evening sky began to darken, and it was time to go outside for fireworks. The count was up to eighty-five, leaving fifteen to go, which was just a few more strikes than there were guests to give them. Steve, with a long-suffering sigh and a deep eye-roll, allowed Bucky to pose him by the door so that anyone who still wanted to could get in one more smack on their way out. Steve watched their reflections in the glass wall as they each passed, catching the variously gleeful, apologetic, and conspiratorial looks his friends shot him as they passed.
Where Steve’s approach to date-readiness had mainly involved military efficiency and nervous pacing, Tony appeared to have actually put the last half hour to its fullest possible use. And in the hands of someone who understood modern beauty routines and had needed to look Very Good for a wide variety of occasions over the last forty years, it seemed half an hour could be put to
His head was a wash of half-memories, of secret meetings and secret clubs, dark alleys and desperate sprints away from sirens, of pretty boys who sprinted down a different alley and never turned up again. Fear and smoldering anger at the one injustice he hadn’t dared to stand up against. The six hundred times he’d tried to work up the courage to tell Bucky, just so he’d have someone to talk to, and the five hundred ninety-nine times he’d decided it wasn’t worth the risk.
“No, don’t,” Steve took a step toward him, reaching, but hesitated before he was close enough to touch. “Um. Please? I like it,” he stuffed his hands in his pockets and glanced away, cheeks burning. “It’s flattering.”
“Nonono my mouth was open,” Tony was babbling through embarrassed laughter. Somehow, he managed to find his feet and scramble toward the door. “Party foul, I’m out, JARVIS I need some kind of face-shower, hot as possible--” He disappeared out of the library for a brief moment, before leaning just his face and one arm back through the door to point at Steve and shout “LUNCH!” and then he was gone.
Disregarding the pain shooting up his limbs upon impact, Steve struggled up onto his hands and knees. Icy water lapped at his fingertips, and the slap of water against glass sounded from ahead of him. Steve stilled. The water was entering through the hole in the cage’s ceiling and weighing them down. They were sinking.
As he slid into the backseat, he was already closing his eyes again, expecting a car ride spent in silence as was typical of SHIELD. Much to his dismay however, not long after reentering traffic, the agent cleared her throat.
“Don’t worry, my team’s sent me transport. You’re covered in that area, I’m assuming.” Rogers eyed the ironman suit meaningfully and somewhat warily.
Chewing his lip in thought, Steve considered the cage’s ceiling. There was a hole in its center. Most likely to let in air, he assumed. He was squinting up at the line between the cage’s wall and its thick metal lid when there was a deafening crack of something separating beneath him. Gripping his ears, he looked down, but the cage floor was still intact.
Really, striking up a friendship with Stark was an impossibility and a foolish thing to ever have hoped for. Stark thought being Captain America had only made Steve arrogant and rued the day they’d met. Stuff like that didn’t exactly feed well into relationships.
Bruised as he was, Stark was still alive. Whoever these fuckers were, their intent must be only to rough up and apprehend Stark, not kill him. If Stark gave in, the guards would let him away from the cliff, and Steve could get over there and free him anyway.
“Took too long. Got bored,” Stark replied breezily, plowing down a row of guards with a beam from his hand. The guards promptly fell to the ground, slightly twitching from the hit.
‘Tony ‘ greeted Pepper coming round his workbench to rest her head on his shoulder. He immediately relaxed into her touch despite knowing that she was after something, he felt like Pepper and Rhodey were the only ones he could let his guard down around even though he had plenty more people that he was quite close to these days. Even Steve and him had become closer again after the whole Thanos end of the world debacle but Tony knew for sure that they'd never fully trust each other again, not that they'd liked each other too much in the first place. Peter was the only other person (outside of Pepper, Rhodey and Happy) that he felt fully safe in the presence of but Tony felt like he needed to act strong for the kid despite his trust in him and despite Tony showing more emotion in front of the kid these days because it was, after all, impossible not to after he'd died in front of him. He couldn't bear to lose him again.
‘Ah’ nodded Tony, gripping a chair so tightly it started to creak ominously. ‘That would probably be the threat’
Tony was suddenly bombarded by a group and he started a flurry of ducking, whacking, throwing and punching (when the shield was gone).
‘What view? ‘ asked Steve who had arrived in front of them. ‘See you stole my old outfit, Tony. And Peter, Wanda's clothes strangely suit you…. ‘
‘Woah! ‘ gasped Peter from next to Tony, ducking out from under his arm. ‘Can I stroke it Mr Thor?? ‘
Bucky caught her drift and started to herd the creatures towards her, swiftly touching them and manipulating their emotions into strong attraction to Brunnhilde and her net.
She was annoyed enough at the proof of Loki having hung onto the Tesseract but what had come next had truly pissed her off.
Tony narrowed his eyes back, because he might be 49 but some aspects of his personality were that of a kindergartner. Also, he'd been hanging around Cassie who could be petty as hell sometimes.
‘Mr Stark, you'll never believe what happened!! ’ Peter looked him up and down, noting he was wearing a costume he'd only ever seen on news feeds. Oddly enough the colours suited him. ‘And nice outfit’
Remember when rdj wore that bunny outfit (I can't remember why if there was a reason)  but this chapter is inspired by that
‘What? ‘ said Iron Man and Steve could almost picture the look Stark had on his face now. ‘RDJ who? ‘
If he had to do one more back flip, he reflected as he did just that before catching one of the figures in Nat’s signature thighs of death move, the pants of this suit were going to rip.
‘Please tell me he's wearing pants under that ‘ Bruce huffed, another headache already forming. Even the other guy seemed to be feeling despairing.
Once again, hope you enjoyed this!! Never written a fanfic that’s purely Marvel before I realised, just crossovers...my first ever fanfic was a crossover on wattpad which I tried to put every fandom in and called it ‘The Craziest Crossover’ it was only a couple of years back yet the chapters are like 100 words long (if that), with giant bulky paragraphs, bad grammar, cheese and confusion galore. 😂 I like to think I’ve come a long way since that shitshow
He probably should have known it would get worse when he got back to the facility to check on the avengers to find
The creature seemed unaffected by Tony's quips but someone familiar sounding was chuckling behind him.
(and was that Antman’s outfit?) before spinning around, bringing the shield up just in time to deflect one of the mean looking sharp thingys that one of the horde must have thrown, the horde which was now surging forwards.
Tony gaped. It was insane outside now, the entire lawn out back was covered in strange glowing ghostly figures in every colour of the rainbow whose faces looked quite pissed and were wielding gleaming swords and other various sharp things that unfortunately didn't look as incorporeal.
As irritating as it was, Loki had actually devised a pretty good training exercise, especially if they remembered the techniques they'd learnt- Steve hoped he could ironically use the ‘thighs of death’ in future and he'd sleep easier knowing Tony, Rhodes and Pepper could take care of themselves if they were caught short without a suit.
It was another nano tech reactor, Tony quickly slapped it onto his chest where it stayed. Bruce was a life saver.
‘Are you okay? ‘ boomed a familiar voice and sure enough, Thor had appeared behind Steve. He looked very happy. Probably because he was wearing Valkyrie’s outfit and was carting along a Pegasus.
‘What movies? ‘ Stark demanded who was trapped with the leather and spandex guy restrained on top of him. ‘Please don't tell me you're a fan of the sex tapes’
Antman returned back to normal size and Strange lowered his hands, sensing the fight was over but then suddenly the guy in red lurched up, ignorant of his leg which was at an unnatural angle, and slammed his hand into Stark's chest right on the reactor which caused the Iron Man armour to retract.
Unfortunately for the more professional side of his reputation, he'd been so sleep deprived that he'd only remembered to put boxers and his nano reactor on.
Usually, he would've carried on naked because Tony Stark does what he wants and there were already many videos of him naked floating around the internet but he decided he should, once again, cause Pepper less stress and find something to cover up.
‘Party? ‘ huffed Tony, feeling, sure enough, like his good day was about to take a nose dive. ‘I thought Thor said you'd given up the whole bad guy shebang’
He did about 10 parties dressed up in a (it's totally harmless Tony) rabbit onesie, dancing and telling stories about (non traumatic) missions before he put his foot down (and about half the world including almost every avenger and guardian alike did too)  and held ‘magician’ parties instead, decked out in his favourite designer suits using his tech to awe young generations, especially when he figured out how to work that advanced shielding technology.
There were only a few left now in an area without anyone else in it but they were quickly taken care of by Pepper’s antman boot.
Steve was feeling slightly dizzy from all the spinning around, flipping and general gymnastics he’d been doing. Apparently Loki’s spell, or whatever it was, had transferred Natasha’s training style too.
Natasha scowled. It wasn't an expression she pulled often but it was definitely required in this situation.
He set off down the corridor in search of anyone else- the way Loki had described it as a training exercise meant there was probably going to be something to fight. Something that supposedly wouldn't hurt them.
‘Say what? ‘ said Steve snapping his head round. ‘Stark let your little girl dress him up and he was casually wearing Hulk swimming trunks? ‘
‘What? ‘ huffed Tony. ‘I'm not just letting a bunch of spoilt kiddies with billionaire parents have these birthday parties-’
‘Can we go find the bad guys now? ‘ asked Peter who was on top of the Pegasus, beaming. ‘I can't wait to use my new powers and Peggy wants to stretch her wings.’
‘Anyway, ‘ said the guy in red. ‘I love your outfit Mr Stark, I think you should wear it more often’
‘You're still going with that nickname?’ Rhodey crossed his arms,Tony glanced down and noted the shape of his braces under the fabric of the legs and maybe Loki wasn't as much of a little bitch as he'd thought.
Steve Rogers definitely didn't watch it every now and then. And it definitely wasn't because Stark looked hot- if he did watch it, it was to laugh at the genius billionaire superhero.
Just as he’d felled another figure there was a loud toot that echoed off the dome and the somewhat familiar voice of Stark’s AI rang out. ‘Attention, the enemy can be trapped on the dome, the enemy can be trapped on the dome.’
‘I can take care of it’ declared the Valkyrie, flinging her arms out and growing a net of vines. ‘Bring it on’
‘Hi, Drax’ called Peter as he swooped past and used the red magic to fling some glowy figures up into the blue barrier. They didn't come back down again and, dodging various spears, he looked up to find they had stuck to it like flies to a web.
Groot had on Princess Shuri’s outfit and was fighting with her tech, though Bucky had noticed the Princess herself was nowhere to be seen. He had overheard Stark complaining about her being ‘partners in crime’ with Loki though, apparently they got on like a house on fire and it was possible that she’d been spared and left in Wakanda to get on with her life or was having a picnic with Loki laughing at them all.
Before the slime monster could steal his new reactor, Tony charged up the repulsors  and fired them a dozen times in quick succession which was very efficient in reducing the goopy monster thing  into a (non sentient ) pile of smoking slime with a soggy pair of boxers and a nano reactor in the middle of it.
The screen in Tony's room lit up to reveal a live video feed on Instagram of Tony Stark wearing absolutely nothing but a binbag, hair sticking up everywhere and using a bin lid as a shield against some sort of unknown monster thing that looked like a pile of goop.
‘So you keep saying, but where did the rest of your clothes go?’ Bruce queried, probably having noticed that there was only a pair of soggy boxers present in the creature’s remains.
‘Erm, the fact that you've made a giant blue dome over my facility and it's grounds? The facility of the people who are supposed to be protecting earth? Who really shouldn't be trapped in a dome in case of emergency? By a crazy guy who has tried to take over the world in the past?’
Tony groaned. Why, just why? He looked like patriotism had puked all over him and it wasn't the super soldier’s latest gear, oh no, it was that awful bright spandexy get up from back in 2012. He kept thinking he'd seen the last of the dreaded costume but no. And now it was on him.
‘You better take this’ said Bruce, tossing Tony something which he caught with his spare hand. ‘I don’t think the other guy’s safe with all these people around filming you.’
Why couldn't she have got Captain Marvel’s powers?? That probably wouldn't feel so odd, she really missed her Rescue suit which Nebula was in right now.
‘Probably best’ answered Bruce, shuddered from the slightly empty feeling caused by the absence of the Hulk, and tried to ignore Steve's butt as he turned around to set off. Yes, Tony was definitely not going to shut up about this.
Tony decided to ignore him and skipped off towards the doors, gripping the glorified frisbee in mention.
‘A TRAINI-’ Tony’s exasperated demand was cut off swiftly by a flash of blue light and a strange dizzy feeling like his insides has been shaken up.
Steve had been summoned to  fly out to Chicago where there had been multiple reports of a group of super powered people terrorising citizens who needed to be sorted out.
He'd seen Natasha open portals to the top, Wanda electrocute them before whipping them up and Clint, Nebula and Quill had been taking trips up. Rhodes hadn’t bothered, just blasting them to smithereens and he'd seen Bruce flying about in the Falcon suit, taking garrotted groups up and a hulked out Strange literally throwing some.
He was actually very proud of his putting on of a bin bag outfit whilst simultaneously battling the sludge monster which seemed quite smug having conquested Tony's nano tech and, for some unknown reason, his pants.
Upon the lack of snarky Stark in the lab he decided to check his room because Bruce really doubted that he'd actually been healthy and taken himself to bed for once- Pepper could easily persuade her fiancee but she was away at the moment, leaving only Bruce to try and persuade the billionaire to actually do basic human functions.
‘Of course not’ gasped Pepper, pulling away from him. ‘We're talking little kids and you're talking about a weaponised high tech suit- what if a 3 year old accidently set off something? ‘
The ethereal creatures were still charging, almost reaching them and Tony and the others charged forwards to meet them.
‘No you're not, ever since Thanos you haven't been the same- after New York you were taking it hard enough but this has pushed you over the edge Tony, I'm worried. ‘ Pepper gently took his hands and pulled them away from his project. ‘I think you deserve a break from your work’
Tony was a bit annoyed though because he was still in Cap’s outfit whereas (a now normal sized) Pepper, Steve, Peter, Rhodey and actually everyone else was back in their normal clothing.
. Unfortunately, there was something waiting outside that had stolen the reactor and his boxers leaving him naked and undefended.
Anyway, after an unfortunate eternity (which was probably closer to half an hour) . of trying to reclaim his reactor and stop the
King T’Challa, who had seemed quite annoyed at being zapped out of Wakanda by Loki, was wearing the Winter Soldier gear and picking off the strange creatures with his rifle.
Tony quickly turned his mind off that topic and turned back to the matter at hand- the integration of advanced cloaking technology into his nano suit- the particles seemed oddly resistant to it, probably because it was alien technology as was needed when wanting to cloak something so well you could walk through it like it wasn't there, something about the foreign elements didn't mesh well but he was Tony Stark- he refused to let this tiny irrelevant problem defeat him- he'd created Mark 1 out of scraps in a cave in a desert and had survived space (with Nebula’s help), using the spaceship around them whilst starving and asphyxiating to death, motivated by avenging the deaths of their loved ones by destroying Thanos.
Tony smirked and decided, before returning his attention to the horde ( who were staying behind an invisible line, for now) that he might as well as enjoy the view which was usually locked away behind a shirt and cape.
He blinked open his eyes, which he had instinctively shut against the bright light, and found himself in a corridor on the top floor of the main building, a slightly eerie blue glow coming through the windows from that dome filtering the sunlight.
‘Quite possibly, though Loki must have the space stone or he wouldn't have enough power. Do you feel less, err, strong? ‘
Nearby, Gamora and Rocket were fighting and appeared to have simply swapped outfits. They kept giving looks towards Lang, as if to say at least you got to wear something you don't see every day.
Suddenly, Loki’s face appeared on the surface of the blue dome and his amplified voice rang out. ‘If you get stabbed, it'll hurt but it won't harm you… well depending on the definition of the word: you will be stuck with a non lethal curse like, speaking in poetry for a week or if it is a fatal wound you might find it impossible to wear clothes for a month and so on’
When they arrived in Chicago, Steve had watched Stark tap his fancy new arc reactor thing so his suit fluidly spilled out of it over his outlandish get up. He didn't miss the tiny bit of disappointment the genius showed at having to remove his flamingo sunglasses.
Tony hoisted up the shield, feeling strangely bare without his repulsors or armour and next to him, Rhodey started to glow and Quill popped the helmet down.
Bruce blinked. Assuming everyone had got a swapped outfit, Bruce had got the luckier end of the stick- he was wearing Falcon’s gear which was pretty much a basic stealth suit just with the added bonus of mechanical wings (which he actually really wanted to try out) but Steve?
He'd been somewhat delighted to be unfrozen and wearing Scarlett Witch’s outfit because, even if she had a grudge against Mr Stark, she was very badass and Peter secretly admired leather jackets but never got the chance to wear them, what with his ‘class’ pet nerd’ status. And skinny trousers were surprisingly comfortable. Also, he could do
He glanced around the room and spotted a disgruntled looking Tony entering through a door. He flicked his fingers about like he'd seen Scarlet Witch do and had been practicing on the way here and
‘Sure’ said Tony, collapsing back onto a chair and swinging around a little. ‘But we're not making people pay’
Quite a few other people had been ‘injured’ in the fight but in Tony’s opinion they got off quite lightly with speaking in rhymes or bright pink hair for a week, even Quill (who had somehow got impaled through the heart whilst wearing Rhodey’s suit) was only painted as a zebra for a year.
Stark raised an eyebrow at him, looking at him over a pair of flamingo sunglasses. Flamingo sunglasses and that wasn't the worst part.
Scott Lang was somewhat moodily taking out the enemy in hand to hand wearing Nebula’s outfit, muttering about the unfairness of life and what he'd have given to get Danvers powers.
Steve looked at it in despair. Tony Stark was casually standing in a room of suited up superheros in flamingo sunglasses, gold flip flops, a straining bright pink Barbie t shirt (which was so small, half his stomach was exposed) and a pair of Hulk-print swimming trunks that were blinding Steve just a little. He was also smeared with glitter in several places.
‘Huh’ said Tony, having taken down the group with a little help from the red mist that Peter was controlling.
Also this is the longest chapter I've ever, ever written by a long shot :'D and the second fic I've ever completed
‘Are those hulk swimming trunks? ‘ Steve asked, his voice involuntarily raising an octave in shock and disbelief.
‘What can I say?’ Tony laughed, tapping his chest and letting the suit expand over his get up. ‘I’m just too sexy in a bin bag’
She smirked as she managed to squash several of the beings underfoot and swung her first down onto some more before holding an arm out for Sam, who was in the Spiderman suit, to swing forwards.
Something small whizzed past his ear then grew into a figure he recognized as the wasp but was now more man shaped who started to yell and slash the back of one of the creatures with a pilfered sword.
Tony saw his reflection in a dark window, rolled his eyes and muttered ‘At least my ass looks great. ’
She'd been sitting with Clint, Sam and Wanda watching some quality television when Loki had appeared, informed them of an impending training exercise and disappeared in a puff of glowing blue smoke.
He'd been working in his lab yesterday and he'd assumed that there was going to be another all-nighter when Bruce had left for bed. . He'd tried to convince Tony to get some sleep and had been so thoroughly sassed that he'd felt infinitely more tired and just had to go to bed. He was going to convince Tony to be healthy another day when he wasn't nursing a headache and about to fall asleep on his feet from working on something all day- he didn't know how Tony did it all the time to be quite honest.
Peter glanced around and spotted Mantis (who was wearing Black Panther’s suit) and Bucky (who was sure enough wearing her clothes)  in deep conversation.
‘How many people have seen this? ‘ Bruce trotted downstairs in search of a vehicle to retrieve the ridiculous genius.
‘The blade dissolved, I do keep my promises and I'm pretty sure I promised no harm would come to you’ Loki pointed out smugly. ‘Don't worry, you only have to wear it for the next 6 months’
‘Pretty much all the avengers and guardians plus Doctor Strange’ Steve answered, glancing around the room. ‘As far as I can tell, me and Bucky are the only ones who kept our ‘’powers’’- though Bucky has Mantis’ too’
He spun in the air, dodging a flying silvery spear and smiled at Carol as she soared past who had scored Vision’s powers and was zooming about, cape whipping, and obliterating the enemy with light from her forehead, she didn't have the mind stone though so Peter had no clue how that worked.
Coherent enough to realise his dilemma he'd decided to head back, usually he'd stay and act like nothing was amiss because Tony Stark does what he wants but Pepper had stressed out so much over the Hulk speedos incident that he didn't feel like giving her further stress and possible lawsuits if someone tried to jump him.
Now there was a guy dressed up in a skintight red leather suit whirling two swords everywhere and generally seeming unbothered at Iron Man’s repulsor blasts.
‘That's hot’ someone said and Tony rolled his eyes, pretty sure he knew exactly who had said that and, yup, he was right.
Hope you like this ❤️ inspired by the Dora watch and a fanfic where he wears a My Little Pony top and Spider-Man boxers of which I can’t seem to remember the name rn but I’ve written it down somewhere so I’ll find it and put it here asap. Also don’t ask why Deadpool is in Chicago- he just is okay?
“It’s not gonna last,” Tony said, shrugging off his suit jacket and averting his eyes from Pepper’s soft appreciative smile. “Come on, spill the beans on Hammer.”
Steve slammed his shield into the face of a guard before swivelling and lobbing the shield at a gunner on the roof. Before the remaining perimeter guards could round the corner and take aim, Steve scaled the wall and hurriedly snatched his shield back up to deflect their fire. As the bullets bounced off, Steve glanced behind him into something like a courtyard. There were a few guards, okay at least eight, down there who hadn’t run out at the sounds of a scuffle in favor of defending the door. To saner people, a fairly small space enclosed on four sides and packed with men carrying guns would have little appeal. Scratch that. It would have none, no appeal. But, Steve wasn’t saner people, so rather than apprehension, it was a feeling akin to giddiness that grew in him at the sight. Mind blazing through the calculations of necessary angles and force, Steve leapt off the roof and into the courtyard’s center.
Steve was washing back his last bite with a long sip of water when Clint declared through a mouthful of pizza crust, “Find out all about the real scandal behind the uncovering of Tony Stark’s sensuous swimsuit modeling photos.”
“It was hilariously easy to lure you both here, you know,” he continued, standing to smugly saunter around the room. “Just cart in some machinery, swarm the place with guards, and spread rumors that we’ve got radiation, and we got ourselves on SHIELD’s radar as a high-level threat in no time. Fill the place with complex tech, and they’ll send Ironman. Use a Hydra base, and they’ll send the Captain.” He grinned at Tony like he was expecting an impressed nod or applause or something. When Tony again didn’t respond, he went on, “Of course, not everything went to plan. We were really just supposed to get you both into the ship’s core and gas you, but I guess we hadn’t disguised our entrance well enough.”
The water slipped over his head, and Steve could hardly think anymore, couldn’t move. He could hear the grinding of metal against ice as the Valkyrie drove further under the ice sheet. The splintered glass against his hands was the ship’s front windows, and somewhere beneath him there would be a compass floating.
The regret must have been showing on his face because Romanoff cocked her head and asked, “You okay, Rogers?”
Horror flooding through him, Tony shot downward after the quickly receding shape of a man. After half a minute packed with maybe the most potent anxiety Tony had ever experienced, he made impact with the super soldier and hurriedly redirected their course away from careening into the dirt at over a hundred miles per hour.
Flying through the hallways towards the surveillance room JARVIS was navigating him towards, Tony cringed at the memory. But, besides being another stellar example of Tony Stark’s limitless idiocy, the exchange in the valley had given Tony reason to believe that Captain America was kind of deserving of all the admiration. And Tony wouldn’t let a man as enduring and sweet as that suffer at the hands of… whoever the fuck was behind all this.
Suddenly, the distant sounds of a struggle reached Steve’s ears. As much as his hyper sensitive hearing gave him trouble, he was glad to have it in cases like these. Hope reignited, Steve shoved past and leapt over the sparking machines until he caught sight of a passageway that the faint shouts were issuing from. And then Steve was racing through passage after passage, around bends and down stairs, following his ears until he skidded through an archway and onto the top of a wide staircase. He stared down into a scene of chaos.
When he awoke, it was dark outside the windows, and everyone had gone. Steve gazed blearily around the room, at the empty benches, empty beds, empty chairs. He sighed and sat up, too restless and hungry to lay down any longer. Unfortunately, the folding table that had held his smoothie earlier had been taken away, but in its place, his shield was propped up against the bedside table, moonlight glinting off its polished surface like a twinkling smile. Some agent must’ve come across it while clearing Hydra out of those caves. Beaming, Steve leapt out of bed and knelt in front of it.
“His pulse is weak, but he’s alive,” JARVIS assured him. “He might be suffering from hypothermia. Although, with his enhanced bodily systems, I can’t discern to what degree it will affect him. I say we play it safe and get him someplace warm, sir.”
? “You need to disengage right now, Stark. Your repulsors are too loud, and this is a stealth mission. They’re going to blow this place if they realize we’re- ”
“You should’ve snapped a picture. I could’ve made it the screensaver on every computer in the compound.”
A good portion of his thoughts were still hung up on the magazines piled in the rack behind him. Seeing them had irked him, and he wasn’t sure why. Maybe it was that it appeared that Tony Stark’s life was thrust under a spotlight to nearly the same degree Steve’s was although in a much less flattering light. Stark’s life might not be taught in schools like Steve’s, but by the looks of it, Steve couldn’t compare to how much Stark got flocked by paparazzi. The magazines seemed to have no shortage of images of Stark in a variety of compromising states, be it a grainy photo of his younger self sleazily dressed or his much more current self passed out in a hedge. Stark certainly got up to a lot.
And there was the sound of boots stomping towards the room he was in. He must’ve yelled Stark’s name too loud.
In the second it took for the door guards to begin to raise their weapons and for the perimeter guards to burst through the gates behind him, Steve hurtled his shield to his left and watched as it shot around, either knocking down a guard or knocking their weapon out of their hands. God, he loved that thing. It was stupid to be so delighted by how elegantly it sliced through the air. And it was probably worrying how fond he was of what was essentially just a hunk of metal.
“World needs Ironman,” Stark grunted, gesturing to the dripping ironman suit landing beside him. “I gotta go. ‘Sides, they don’t need me blasting much this mission. That’s your job, big guy. All I gotta do is locate the base’s core and shut down the systems. I can do that kind of shit in my sleep, Cap.”
, Steve thought with a shaky smile that hurt as it pulled on his split lip. He almost laughed, delirious with the fear as the earth raced towards him.
“Uhh, I’m pretty sure it was one by the windows. ‘Cause I remember watching some guy eat the pavement.”
The panic swelled in Tony, but he shoved it down and forced his mind onto processing what he knew of his situation. Come on, genius brain, do the thinking. He needed to get himself out of here and find Rogers, but to do that he needed to get past the six feet of over-invested fanboy wrapped in his father’s suit. Also, he apparently couldn’t make any aggressive move towards the guy.
“I said open the suit, J!” he screamed, suddenly horribly claustrophobic in the metal shell that was usually practically a second skin to him. Holy hell, his head was
Tony was already high strung as it was. What with being beaten to a pulp earlier, not to mention waking up in the very room that plagued his sleepless nights. And sure, Rogers may be right about Tony leading a miserable existence. But, Tony couldn’t help the way his hackles raised at Rogers implying he knew what was best for Tony, that Tony shouldn’t have been given a choice, that Rogers regretted letting Tony come along. Tony had nearly taken a liking to Rogers, but clearly Rogers far less than reciprocated. How had Tony been stupid enough to expect any different? No one ever could tolerate Tony Stark for very long. And so, he snarled back, “I thought I let you know, Rogers: You do
“Very good,” Brandt replied. “Then you should know all about grandfather’s devotion to the advancement of man, his experimentation.”
“Can you put me down?” Rogers asked, eyes still shut tight and clenching the iron man armor with such ferocity that it was denting.
“Right. You’re right.” Alexei relaxed back into his seat, and Tony fell back against his own, closing his eyes against the throbbing in his head.
Stark stared back blankly for a few seconds, the words apparently taking a moment to register, before finally raising an eyebrow. “And that concern would be what exactly?”
Steve really wished they would shut up and put his mother’s lullaby back on, so he rolled over to say so. And oh fuck, that had been a mistake. Pain erupted all over him, a burning in his legs, a pulsing ache over his ribs, and a twinge from his nose. Shit, all that pain was very much real, so he definitely wasn’t dreaming. Steve blinked around at the bizarre room he was in. It was a glass cylinder, six feet in diameter, stood upright in a cave someone had half converted into a laboratory. There wasn’t a soul in sight.
“Kinda random, I know,” Clint laughed, swirling a straw around in his fourth glass of Orange Fanta. “I blame it on the pound of sugar spiking my bloodstream. And also because I read it off that magazine.”
“I told you, I turned my whole apartment inside out,” a man’s voice responded. “So, unless Lucky ate it- ”
“Rogers, I’m not Hydra,” Tony hurriedly told him. The man had a glare that could make your blood run cold. “I’m here to get you out of this place. It’s me, Stark. We’re in Greenland, remember?”
“Stark! Whatever happened to waiting for my signal?” Steve yelled down the line as he ran to join the fight.
“I’ve heard of it!” Steve said, desperate to placate him. “When we were in Italy, some guys were raving about it, but I never got the chance to taste it myself. And of course, I’ve seen all the advertisements for it now and all the uh- ‘pizza huts,’ but I don’t- I don’t get out much.”
He would’ve hovered there gawking for the next half hour if he hadn’t registered with a jolt the way every last fiber of Rogers’s body was tense and those blue eyes spread wide in fear.
was propped up between two heavy bookends on a shelf. Tony knew they were heavy because one of them had left a bruise on his back for two weeks.
“Wait. Hold on,” Stark cut into his thoughts. Steve halted his increasingly aggressive shutting of lab drawers. “This little section looks brand new. There’s… there’s a button. Imma press it.”
Still overwhelmed by his latest scrape with death, Tony could only hoarsely laugh and weakly reply through chattering teeth, “Lovely to hear from you, too, J.”
Pushing aside the way his heart crumpled at how distress cracked the captain’s voice, Tony hastily slowed them down and then began a gradual descent.
Tony had a killer headache. So, you really couldn’t blame him for swearing so viciously when out of nowhere the car swerved violently, and Tony’s forehead slammed into the window.
“Ah,” Rogers said, void of concern as he glanced down at the gash in his side. “Yeah, I guess the adrenaline helped take my mind off of that one.”
Tony shook his head. “Far from it. Just a person wrapped up in SHIELD regulation, stuff I don’t intend to mess with.”
He was reaching for the buttons when Barton shoved his arm between the closing doors and blurted, “I’ve got coupons!”
about to become Cap’s murderer. If it even is him, that is. Well, I guess we’re en route to find out.”
“Eh, I’ve woken up to worse,” Tony replied, doing his best to disguise his mounting panic and confusion in nonchalance.
“Sure can, buddy. We’re going down right now,” Tony told him, in as soothing a voice as he could manage with the man’s fingers digging into his shoulder. “We’re alright. We’ll be alright. You can ease up a bit, I’ve got you.”
“Down the stairs. Take the one in the middle. The core should be at the end of that hall,” Steve responded, rifling through the contents of a laboratory desk drawer.
. You and your blood laced with the secrets he was chasing. But, you got to him first and stopped him there. However, you didn’t account for my father. The second he was old enough, he scoured the arctic for your body every year, determined to finish what grandfather had started and have his revenge on you. You can’t blame him, though. You
There was a man--he had a sallow face, and his hair was buzzed close to his scalp--seated in a wooden chair immediately beside the couch. A wool coat was draped over his shoulders, and a long hideously mauve tie spilled out of his three-piece suit. He was watching Tony intently.
“Oh, I’m delighted you finally caught on,” the man responded. He flicked the mauve tie at Tony’s face with a bony finger, and Tony couldn’t help but flinch away. A smile stretched across the man’s face at that. “It’s freaky, right? Good to know we got our money’s worth. I’d say you’re quite thoroughly disturbed, and this is only a gentle testrun. Yes, this will work magnificently well on the others.”
Steve was seconds from collapse. Unhappy with being chased off for a week now, sleep was pressing in on him from all sides. The tiled floor of the SHIELD compound had never looked so inviting. Fuck, he was genuinely considering laying down in the middle of the hallway and passing out. It was two am, nobody would be coming up to the briefing floor. Only anyone watching the security feed would know. He should totally do it.
“Reached th’ command room. I’m on some overlook, it’s got a rail. Crazy rusty. Which door now?” Stark asked.
“Wait here, Alexei,” Tony grumbled before extricating himself from the car (God, he must be drunker than he thought. Maybe downing that bottle of whiskey he kept in the car had been a less than good idea.) and stepping out into the drizzle.
“Ugh,” Steve mumbled to the empty room, to the empty apartment. He couldn’t afford to stay upset over some millionaire celebrity his path would never cross again. It would all be much easier to move on from (and would hurt less) if he convinced himself that he’d dodged a bullet. So, he focused on that exasperation he’d felt on the mission, on Romanoff’s evaluation of Stark, and on how conceited Stark looked in the posters hung in the subway.
“Stark?” Steve hissed down the now useless line, scrambling under a table as the stomping grew closer. That little shit was going to get them both killed. His opinion of Tony Stark sure was falling fast. But, Stark had saved his life. Steve owed him. And, dismissiveness and arrogance were hardly reasons to condemn the guy to whatever horrible fate awaited him down there or had perhaps already claimed him. Fuck, Steve had to get over there.
your skillset. Lives are at stake, sir. Are you going to ignore that and crawl under your covers?” she snapped.
His left repulsor illuminated the scene, and Tony’s heart dropped at the state of his partner. Shivering violently, Rogers was collapsed on the ground, and his lips were blue.
Fuck. No. No, no, no. That time had been a sacrifice for a mission and a worthy cause. This time, Steve had already failed his mission, but this excursion had only been a small step in a much larger operation to take down this nazi resurgence. There was still evil to be quelled and lives to be saved, damn it.
“Yeah, I’ll get home just fine. But, hang on. I’ve been rude,” Tony responded before removing his helmet and shaking out his hair that had been stuck to his forehead by sweat. “I’ve got a face and all that, in case you were confused.” He laughed a little.
Immediately, miniature rockets released from the ironman armor and fastened themselves to the ship’s exterior, and its descent slowed to a stop.
She regarded him coolly for a second before pulling out a cellphone from the pocket of her leather jacket. Even though her eyes were fixed on the messages flicking across the screen in her hand, Steve couldn’t shake the feeling that she was watching him. That was probably his ego messing with him, though, so Steve pushed it out of his mind and tried to settle back into sleep.
Whichever SHIELD agent had dropped the drink off while he was sleeping had kindly taken into consideration that Steve might prefer liquid foods until his jaw recovered, but they’d missed the fact that, for the time being, Steve couldn’t use his hands to pick the damn thing up. With a huff, he fell back into the pillows of his hospital bed. The only reason he hadn’t resisted being hustled into Medical was because he couldn’t exactly patch himself up with broken hands. And also because Steve knew he didn’t have anything edible in his apartment, and SHIELD would give him food. So much for that part of the deal, though.
Tony shot upright, the events of the mission rushing back to him: the iced over core, the secret entrance, the low-ceilinged room stockpiled with tech, stepping out of his suit to more freely rummage through the circuitry, the ambush of guards, the chase through the passages, the cavern where they’d closed in on him, fighting on the cliff, and the horror on Rogers’s face when he’d jumped. Sitting up so fast had been a bad move, and Tony winced when his muscles screamed in protest.
Regaining his balance after the shockwaves hit him, Tony set off to make sure the ship didn’t crash into anything important. It was nothing but untamed prairie rolling for miles, but Tony figured he didn’t want the smouldering wreckage starting any wildfires. It would be easy enough to extinguish the wreck and then call in some local officials for its disposal. He might even make it back in time for that press conference Pepper had been on his tail about all week, which was good since he kind of owed her one after the fiasco at the governor’s-
, he did not think as the words he and Steve Rogers had screamed at each other did not replay in his mind.)
“In time, we’ll let you in on our secrets, but not until you’ve served under us long enough to prove your worth to the boss. Who knows, maybe once you understand our mission, you’ll develop some loyalty,” the man hummed.
Steve scanned the ship’s hold for the parachutes. Spotting them on the far wall to his right and dangerously close to being ripped off by the wind, he set to work furiously planning out the best course over to them. It only took a second, and he was already moving steadily in their direction, edging closer along the hole and doing his damnedest to ignore the air and nausea surging over him.
Distracted, Steve took a foot to the face and a brutal knee to his ribs. Blood spouted from his nose, and pain flared in his chest. But none of that mattered because Stark was now locked in combat an inch from the edge. And the edge wasn’t just icy, as Steve had thought, but entirely made of ice. Very breakable ice. Ice that was already fracturing.
Steve felt sick. He had to get to Stark. Had to hear the man’s voice, so gratifyingly filled with life.
“Yeah, I’m fucking sure. Walked around this ice pit three times already. Maybe this rust bucket was capable of some serious devastation back in 1945, but it sure as hell isn’t doing anything now.”
The air whistling over his skin and the way his guts were plunging pulled the memory of his last day in 1945 over him in a rush until Steve was completely convinced that the sprawling countryside he saw beneath him was really the endless tundra and he’d soon be met by the crushing cold and drowned in that same inky blackness.
. All of SHIELD would be raging for his head on a stake if he lost their main man. Fury himself would probably burst a vein in debrief. There were other reasons, too, but they were less straightforward and more… stupid.
Tony wasn’t afraid of the dark, but that didn’t mean he liked it. Honestly, send anyone into a pitch black maze of tunnels, and they wouldn’t fancy staying long. Of course, the suit’s night vision view was activated, and every so often he might pass by a lit sconce, as if this were some fucking dungeon. But, neither of those things made for a particularly friendly atmosphere. The good news was JARVIS had zeroed in on Rogers’s heat signature, and Tony was fast approaching.
Sure, he wasn’t falling anymore, but now he was hanging onto some metal fixture of questionable integrity, suspended over a drop of certain death. He watched numbly as the tear in his side continued to thickly bleed and the droplets fell to earth.
“Normally, it wouldn’t be any of my business to call attention to, but given the fact that we’ll soon be engaging as a team, I think it’s only right to voice my concern,” Steve declared.
“We haven’t got the time to argue all day. You told me you’d let me handle the busting in,” Rogers had said.
Steve shook his head, half to correct Clint and half to dispel the image of Stark’s impressively toned torso that was now burned into his memory (only because of his eidetic memory, not for any other reason, of course). “No, not exactly. I had a… a ‘run-in’ with him a month ago. Was tasked to bring in Meyer, you guys remember the whole mess with him?”
Pleased with his aim, Steve caught his beloved shield out of the air and swiftly finished off anyone still standing with a few more throws and punches. Once everyone was down for the count, Steve turned to ready himself for the next wave of guards, the western patrol Steve had snuck past during his trek through the foothills who undoubtedly had heard the shouts and gunfire by now. He had two minutes left on the clock to finish them off so that Stark could-
“Alright, I understand. If it’s me the world needs, it’s me they’ll get. A slightly drunk me, but me nonetheless. Take me away, ma’am,” Tony sighed.
“Yes.” Steve recalled the pale figures floating in glass jars, their true nature shrouded by the viscous liquid they soaked in.
Steve pitied the guy. Now that he was no longer dying of hypothermia and properly fed, Steve could see the cruelness in his words to Stark in Greenland. Before the mission had taken a turn, Stark had smiled so easily and laughed so brightly, and every second of it had nearly floored Steve. But then Brandt had gotten him and, true to his word, knew precisely which sore spot would shut Steve down. After the cold had swallowed him whole, lying in that tunnel, Steve couldn’t remember what warmth had ever been. Then he’d started up a shouting match with Stark. He’d watched as hurt had flickered across Stark’s face before hardening into a scowl of the utmost detestation. Steve’s words had done that.
Balling his fists, Tony swung his legs off the couch and was about to lunge for the man when he found he couldn’t lift either of his legs. Yeah, they were banged up, but surely he could still walk, right? He’d just moved them a second ago, so it’s not like he was paralyzed. Tony shoved his hands against the couch, trying to lift himself that way. Again, he didn’t budge.
Thoroughly entertained, Clint passed Steve a napkin to wipe up the water he’d sprayed his half of the table with. A slight smirk curved Romanoff’s lips, but her eyes narrowed minutely as she considered Steve, who was still upsettingly flushed in the face.
“So you’ve heard of me, I guess,” Rogers sighed. “And, before you ask, I’m sorry, but I’m not at liberty to explain how I’m… not dead and all that. You really should forget you saw me at all, Mr. Stark.”
Steve had to hand it to the guy, his flair for the dramatics was substantial. But he couldn’t let it distract him. He turned to analyze the wall of the glass cage, which was undoubtedly reinforced. It would be easy enough work if only he had his shield.
Inside, the air was stagnant and hushed; the only noise was the hum of the dim lights and his footsteps ringing off the metal walls. It was the exact same sound that had rung in his ears years ago during every infiltration of a Hydra base. Every time he rounded a corner, he half expected to be greeted by Bucky grabbing his arm in a panic because fucking christ, Steve, when Dernier’s explosives went off too soon, we thought that was it for you. Steve shook himself hard and broke into a run. The sooner he got out of this minefield of memories the better.
Heart rate spiking, Steve stumbled back from the gaping hole in the side of the jet. Below him, he watched as the rapidly shrinking form of the nazi he’d been trying to apprehend plummeted back to Earth. There was no sign of a parachute on him. Steve had been sent to bring the man in for interrogation, not to kill him. He had failed.
“Oh good,” Stark huffed. “This place gives me the creeps. It’s all old and empty. You’d think they’d have more guards walking around their precious Hydra vessel. But maybe that’s just it: they think it’s sacred ground or something. What I’d really like to know is what they lined the containment of this core with to block all of my sensors from picking up on the radiation. Really pisses me off, but I’m also intrigued.”
This particular box of chicken noodle soup was decorated with stars and stripes, and the pasta was shaped like shields and helmets with big A’s. Rhodey had bought it as a gag gift for Tony’s birthday.
More than anything, it was that flicker of hurt across Stark’s face that gutted Steve. The way Stark’s eyes had widened, momentarily stunned, and his lips had pursed gave Steve the inexorable sense that his cutting words had been taken as something nearing betrayal. Worse than that, it only took a second for acceptance to settle over Stark, as if it was commonplace for people to turn on him.
“I- I haven’t a clue, I sw- swear,” the man whimpered. Blood was sliding down the bridge of his nose, a line of bright crimson on his sickly yellow face. “I’m the head of the s- science division. The most I did with the Captain was assist in orchestrating his capture. I don’t know anything about the boss’s plans with him. N- nothing at all!”
get to tell me what to do. And I’m sorry the whole Captain America shtick has gone to your head and that you forget that humankind wasn’t made to do your bidding, that the world isn’t hanging on your every word.”
Yet, all thoughts of the mission that had been consuming his attention just seconds before had fallen away at the sight of the staggering drop two feet away from where Steve stood pressed up against the wall and dragging in sharp breaths.
“Alright, alright! All I know is the boss has got this grudge with the Captain. It’s something personal. He’s probably taken him to the lower levels. That’s all I can tell you, really, that’s all they let me know!”
Halfway through the flight into the midwestern US, JARVIS had made the suggestion of testing the long distance targeting system he’d developed last weekend. It was a bit overkill to knock the plane out of the sky and send the guy to a fiery death, so Tony had hesitated. But then the contorted faces of the organization’s victims had flashed before his eyes, and he’d agreed.
“Christ almighty, I’ve nearly died both times we’ve been together. After today, I’d appreciate it if you kept your distance. It’s like you’re- ” Rogers rubbed a hand over his face. “It’s like you're bad luck.”
“All I’m saying is, they’re capable of fooling you,” Tony returned. “If you choose not to come to terms with the fact that your serum-pumped brain can be tricked, that’s on you.”
“Oh, okay,” Steve said. That story seemed to align pretty well with what he’d overheard, so he stepped out of the way. “Good luck, I guess.”
“I woke up in a glass cage, Stark. And then the floor opened up and dropped me into some underground river where I nearly drowned.”
Rogers’s eyes flashed with something dark, and Tony almost flinched away. “Are you fucking calling me crazy?”
With no reason to stay, Steve left the room and was waiting for the elevator when he noticed he’d forgotten his shield. Though, just as he was turning around to head back, Barton came jogging down the hall with the shield held gingerly in his hands.
The room he’d directed Stark to was indeed coated in ice. Every surface was frozen over except a panel in the back, where the entrance was still open.
“Thanks,” Romanoff shot him a quick but radiant smile before marching to the beds by the windows with Barton in tow.
The suit released him, and Tony staggered out before keeling over. JARVIS was saying something, and the ground was like ice to the touch. The cold seeped into him and kept him pinned to the ground, where he curled into himself and dragged in ragged breaths. He felt like he was dying. Maybe he was.
, he thought as he shot out of the pressing darkness of the tunnels and back into the vast openness of the tundra.
“Whoa there, kiddo. Don’t hurt yourself,” the man exclaimed. “Lay back down. You don’t have anywhere to go. We’re here to just talk.”
Trying to shift his thoughts onto anything else, Steve stepped off the subway and into the station. He was promptly greeted with a line of enormous advertisements all featuring Tony Stark. Just his luck.
As the jet descended into the snow-covered tundra, Steve fought back the urge to groan at the sight of all that glaring white ice and the memory that came with it. They touched down some distance from the enemy base (thanks to cloaking technology, they didn’t need to land too far off) and stepped out into the biting cold. Thankfully, Steve’s body ran hot enough that he didn’t need to layer on coats that would interfere with his mobility, but he could still feel the chilly air prickling at his face. Maybe he really should’ve brought that scarf Stark had tossed at him back in SHIELD’s assorted equipment room where he’d acquired his thicker suit and snow boots.
“Truly a man of business, eh? Your father would be proud,” the man leered, clearly aiming to strike a nerve with Tony. When Tony gave no such response, his face darkened, and he leaned into Tony’s space. “Three years I’ve waited to have you, Stark.”
They even had his stuff from his old apartment (Steve really did wonder how they’d gotten these things. Had his neighbors raided his rooms and sold them off?). Like the chipped baby blue mug that had always been the one his ma would fill with steaming herbal tea that she’d demand Steve drink no matter how much he whined about the bitter taste. Or his ma’s favorite pale green vase they only ever used once a year to hold a single Easter lily when they could afford it. Or the worn canvas bag that would bounce against Steve’s side as he skipped to the library with Bucky, his friend babbling on about the science fiction novel he hoped they had on the shelves because dear god, Stevie, you don’t understand, the last one left off with the ship crashing so we don’t know if the captain’s alive or what planet he’s on or if they’re friendly there and do you think we should have brought more than one bag ‘cause I’m thinking of checking out a few of Christie’s, too. Jesus, they even had his tattered childhood bedspread, the one flecked with little clovers and purple blossoms.
Someone was yelling. They sounded… scared. Maybe it was Tony yelling. He sure was fucking scared. It was volley after volley of punches to block, and Tony’s reflexes were slowing. His only upperhand was the gadget he was clutching, which spewed a small but menacing white flame that made the guards keep some distance. But it wasn’t enough, they’d pushed him to the edge of a very steep, very long drop. Tony had kicked a loose rock into it earlier, and it had been a long while until he heard the sound of it landing echo back up.
Standing, Steve poked at his ribs and flexed his hands. Everything seemed to have healed nicely enough, so he picked up his shield and started for the door, thinking of the vending machine on level two. He’d have to make a stop at his locker first to pick up some change, and maybe he’d have to use some of it to buy the silence of any janitors he crossed since the nurses didn’t want him on his feet until-
Tony felt the energy surge through the suit as he took aim on the nazi aircraft. From this distance, it was only a dot on the horizon. But, being Tony Stark, his systems easily zeroed in on the target and fired. The force of the blast sent him whaling backwards, and the air around him blistered with heat.
Usually JARVIS would have given him a name and profession, maybe even a rundown on their background. Tony frowned. “Any identification?”
“Yeah well, maybe I’ve had enough of chicken noodle soup being so perfect,” Tony snapped. “I mean, it’s all gone to chicken noodle soup’s head, really. Thinks that just because they’re a classic meal and so adored by the American people that they’re entitled to boss everyone around. Just because they’ve been around for so long, it doesn’t mean they automatically know everything about everyone and who’s like their father or not. And I’d thought that chicken noodle soup sure was great, and god, wouldn’t it be something to be more like them. But nope, they’re just a pompous prick who can’t bear to be talked back to and won’t ever- ”
“Get a move on, yeah yeah,” Stark finished, his confident air back like it’d never left as he kept pace with Steve’s aggressive-speedwalk-quickly-turning-jog. The clanging of the armor’s boots against the floor was making Steve wince. “Right, you go do your scouting. I’ll let you know when I need your sage guidance, oh all-knowing one.”
. It was like the USO parading him around on stage, but worse. Sure, that tour had been exhausting in its own ways, with the all-smiles persona he had to keep up, the humiliation of being reduced to a showpony, and yeah, the tights. But, his personal belongings in exhibits? Splayed out and fucking labeled? Now that was an invasion of privacy that revealing performance costumes couldn’t compete with. Yeah okay, Steve had never owned all that much, so it’s not like they’d had all that much to take. But, that just made what he
Steve hung his head. “And now his son’s finally got me. Trapped in an oversized jar and ripe to be drained of my super-serum blood.”
“I’m not joking, sir. Unless the suit’s scanning mechanisms are damaged, Steven Grant Rogers is standing in the vessel’s cargo hold.”
“We’re just here to retrieve a harddrive this blockhead- ” Agent Romanoff elbowed Barton again. “ -left in here. It’s got sensitive information stored on it, so it couldn’t wait til morning.”
Somehow, Steve had ended up squeezed into a booth with two people, who had been strangers up until little more than an hour ago, together chowing down on two large pizzas laden in discounted (thankyou, coupons) toppings. He supposed their shared work experience at SHIELD did a lot to feed conversation. Regardless of the reason for them not growing bored with him yet, Steve was thoroughly enjoying himself. It had been a lifetime since he’d felt as relaxed as this. Plus, apparently pizza was fucking heavenly. He could now understand that all the clamor over it was well-earned.
“Listen, Rogers, you have to at least let me know if you suffered any injuries,” Tony said, turning his attention to the slashes on Rogers’s legs and- “Holy shit, Cap, your hands, they’re- What
“Speaking of first meetings, I should’ve let your plane crash that day,” Tony said, taking ample pleasure in the way Rogers’s jaw clenched. “Or better yet, I should’ve shot it again to make sure you stayed dead this time.”
No, Fury would chew him out when he found him napping “on the job”. But, the thing was, Steve was never not “on the job”. If he wasn’t punching bad guys, he was retrieving and compiling intelligence and then strategizing for the next time he went out to punch more bad guys. That wasn’t entirely Fury’s fault, though. Steve liked having something to do. If Fury didn’t provide him a mission, Steve wandered down into the recesses of the SHIELD compound to hunt through their archives for a trail he could pick up.
“You’re riding the lift?!” Steve practically shrieked. If Stark didn’t get himself killed down there, Steve might just do it himself. “We don’t know what’s down there!”
Steve stared as the robot rose through the hole into the ship until its face was across from his and he could see his own stiff expression reflected off the shiny helmet.
Because flying was still unnerving for him, and apparently drunk Tony Stark wasn’t much of a conversationalist, Steve spent the flight fighting off both nausea and sleep. Ironman sat in the opposite corner of the jet, unmoving. Maybe he was asleep in there?
“My suit caught me,” Tony shrugged. “I landed safely and then… and then I had a talk with some mad scientist or something, real freaky guy. What happened to
Huh. That was definitely weird. Maybe they wanted their employees away from the radiation? Maybe the core was dangerous?
“Right, right, you haven’t been here very long, right.” Barton gave an apologetic smile that proceeded to grow into a borderline wicked grin. “That just means I get to introduce you to the culinary wonders of today! Starting with the cream of the crop, the pizza. If it’s a yes to an evening of flavor discovery, that is.”
“Coupons!” Barton repeated, stepping into the elevator. “You’re hungry, you need food. I can get you some. I’ve got coupons for a pizzeria near my place. They stay open crazy late, so uh, I could take you there. I mean, if you want, of course. I just thought- you know, free food, and uh- everyone likes pizza, right?”
Did not intend to cut this chapter off at what could be considered a cliffhanger, but it really was the best place to split things, I swear.
At first the night had gone smoothly, and Tony had been glad for the change of air and company as he and Pepper wound through the crowds socializing. But inevitably, he had been cornered by a gang of loaded assholes hellbent on getting Tony Stark to flinch. He humored them for half an hour before he made up some excuse and quickly slid back into the throngs of people. But, he kept running into them again and again. He’d promised Pepper he’d behave, so all he could do was nod along to their poorly masked jabs and knock back some alcohol to drown them out. After an hour of putting up with their bullshit, Tony caved and slipped out of a back door, shutting off his phone to avoid the barrage of furious texts Pepper would be firing off when she realized he wasn’t backstage readying to deliver some speech. He’d make it up to her.
Tony stiffened, taking in the feeling of plush cushions underneath him and the firm pillow his head was resting against. He was laid out on a couch. Soft, orange light pressed against his eyelids, and the air smelled smoky.
“Stark! Stop fighting back!” Steve yelled over the tumult of the room. “You’re too close to the edge!”
No. Steve couldn’t afford to dissolve into panic right now. Not when his partner was missing and he was stranded in some underground room hidden beneath a ship full of dead people surrounded by a base swarming with guards. Shit, when had this mission become so nightmarish?
The moment they touched down, Rogers let go, swayed backwards, and fell hard on his ass in the prairie grass. His hair was sticking up in all directions, there was a wild look in his eyes, and his whole body was still so rigid. Tony might have laughed if he wasn’t so dumbfounded at everything that had just gone down in the span of less than ten minutes.
Half submerged in northern Greenland’s tundra, a downed Hydra vessel of enormous size had been uncovered. Apparently its design had been faulty, so it hadn’t made it to its intended destination, America, with its deadly payload. Hydra had sent a unit up there to salvage things, and overtime, a scientific base had been established there, far from the interference of oh, you know, nuisances like Captain America. As the war turned, though, the place was left abandoned. That is, until a new group of unknown allegiance adopted it as some sort of research center. SHIELD had picked up on activity in the area and sent in agents to investigate. They reported back and spoke of shipments of machinery being taken in as well as all signs pointing to intentions to revive whatever weapon Hydra had made considerable effort to transport to the States. After tapping the base’s communication lines, it was revealed that the coveted weapon was radioactive in nature, with the purpose of releasing a massive cloud of radiation that the winds would carry into cities. And, this new group seemed to be making alarmingly fast progress towards bringing about just that for whatever nefarious plans they had. Right now, the why didn’t matter so much as the high number of lives in the balance. Steve and Stark were to get themselves into the crash site and take the place down.
-This has been a rough chapter for the boys and a tricky chapter for me to work out. Some parts will be explained later, but others might be confusing because of how I wrote it?
“No, NO!” the man shrieked, scrabbling to his feet. There was a fresh cut across his forehead from being knocked into a bookshelf by the shockwaves of the suit’s entrance. Except, the bookshelf wasn’t entirely… a bookshelf anymore. In fact, everything in the room was flickering in and out of existence until the projection failed completely, and all that was left were a white tiled floor and walls, a matted rug, the couch, a folding table in place of the desk, and some metal shelving units.
Tony took a second to catch his breath and clear his head that was dizzy with the prospect of a living, breathing Steve Rogers waiting in the ship above him.
hunk of metal. Steve didn’t really own much now that most of his belongings were scattered across the country, behind glass in museums. He had tried telling himself it was an honor, but that lie hadn’t held long. He couldn’t ignore the way his skin crawled at the thought of his things, his life
The SHIELD agents hadn’t managed to penetrate deep enough into the base to gain access to and learn the layout of the Hydra vessel where the weapon was held. It couldn’t be learned through hacking either because its systems were too old for that. Steve, being well-versed in Hydra’s layouts thanks to over exposure and his eidetic memory, was to serve as Stark’s guide once he entered that part of the base.
Steve thought of his plans to gnaw away at a granola bar dispensed by SHIELD’s rattly vending machine before returning to haunt the aisles of shelved case files in the sub-levels of the compound. Then he considered the dishevelled man before him whose eyes were alight with excitement and promised him food and company.
Anyway, I've finally updated this fic, and I'm maybe sixty-five-ish percent done with chap 5, hurrah :)
“Really sorry about touching it, but I didn’t want you forgetting it. But, you can punch me if you want, and holy shit, is this thing heavy,” Barton babbled.
At the time, Tony’s logic had been that if he just kept arguing, Rogers would eventually relent and let Tony have his fun with mowing down the base’s defenses. But Rogers's patience didn’t give, and his level gaze didn’t waver.
It wasn’t much longer until he collided into the smoking ship, shoving it upwards as soon as he made contact because shit, the thing was falling fast. Unfortunately, the weight was too much for the suit to sustain for long, so Tony gave it a last heave that turned the ship on its side rather than raised it.
“I know, I know. I know I told you all that crap. But, now we’re here, and I wanna blast some baddies, Cap, let me blast some baddies,” Tony had whined.
“Stark, are you sure?” Steve asked. Stark was drunk. People weren’t exactly at their most observant in that state.
Without any of his conscious command, Tony stood and was walking towards the fireplace, where the man stood waiting, firelight and glee flashing in his eyes. Whatever was forcing him to move against his will was doing it by pulling on his body and strained his sore muscles horribly. It was all he could do to not wince at every step as the movement made him acutely aware of every last aching bruise on his body. Clenching his teeth against the pitiful whine that was threatening to escape, Tony came to a stop at the hearth and scowled at the man across from him whose face was practically glowing with satisfaction.
“No, no, no. Cap, come on, stay with me,” Tony said, grabbing the other man’s shoulders and holding him upright. Rogers hissed at the contact, cringing away in pain. “Shit, sorry! I didn’t realize you were hurt there, I promise. But, you gotta try and stay awake, alright?”
Bones. What was once someone’s hand peeked out from behind a desk. No doubt if Steve went back there, he’d find the rest of the skeleton of some Hydra soldier who had been on board when this thing had crashed. Steve might just be sitting in a whole room full of the remnants of people who had met the same end as him but weren’t so fortunate to have been preserved in ice.
“Nah, yesterday he downed half a deep dish pizza that fell out of the pan. He couldn’t have been hungry enough to turn to harddrives for sustenance.”
The woman’s voice cut off as the sounds of a playful tussle began. The sound of sneakers squeaking on the tiled floor was much too close for Steve’s comfort. He was just starting to back away when the door flew open and the two tumbled in. Scarlet hair lady and a man with unkempt blonde hair and baggy clothes blinked back at him, the goofy smiles sliding off their faces. Scarlet hair lady was the quickest to recover.
Yeah. Tony’s eyes were on the future, and Rogers was in the past and of no concern of Tony’s. The man had said so himself. Tony didn’t need to wonder whether Rogers still had that tightness around his eyes, like he was battling against a kind of exhaustion Tony wasn’t sure he could comprehend but all the same felt familiar. There was no reason for Tony to still worry over the half-second long but unforgettable look of astonishment on Rogers’s face every time Tony gave him a smile. Tony shouldn’t be wondering if Rogers’s hands had healed and if they needed holding.
The guards stumbled and cried out as the room went from near pitch-black to stark white in an instant, and Steve, his eyes adjusting much more quickly, seized the opportunity to sweep out the legs from underneath the nearest three and spring into action against the rest.
Luckily, what had been a maze to Stark was practically instinct to Steve. So, it wasn’t long until Steve was standing on the same overlook Stark had mentioned. He peered down into the command room, trying to think past how Red Skull himself must’ve prowled these floors. Spotting the middle doorway across the room, Steve leapt down the steps four at a time only to trip over his feet and crash into a table when something ghostly white caught his eye.
“Right, because reprogramming my laptop to do nothing but play the Strawberry Shortcake movie on a loop at full volume was worth your time.”
“I wasn’t asking for you to hang on my every word!” Rogers shouted back, incensed now. “I just needed you to maybe not jump off a cliff! It’s all fine and good that you made it out alright, but it landed me at the bottom of a fucking river.”
This was not happening. His mission was not about to be compromised by the antics of a drunk billionaire. People’s lives depended on them. Irritation fueling him, Steve downed the last two standing guards and then turned to shoot his mutinous partner a scathing look.
Rather than succumb to the terror again, Steve firmly focused his mind elsewhere. Maybe if he swung himself over with enough momentum, he could snatch a parachute and make it out of this. But… wait. Why had they stopped falling?
He left his sentence hanging, waiting for a name. Shaking his hand and laughing nervously, Tony supplied him, “Tony Stark. And it’s no problem at all, Captain Rogers. It’s more of an honor than anything. If that’s not insensitive to say, I mean. I don’t want to imply that I took any pleasure in your peril. Really, I was scared shitless when you dropped, so really this whole experience has given me enough anxiety to last me half the year more than it’s given me any enjoyment. This has been terrible. Except for saving you, I’m happy about that. I’m sorry, I’m not making much sense. I tend to ramble when I’m high on adrenaline. Also, you’re Captain America, that’s kind of throwing me for a loop here.”
A tremendous cracking sounded from behind him, and then Tony was sent flying into the fire by a delightfully familiar boom. Instead of suffering second-degree burns however, Tony fell right through the flames and blackened wood without feeling anything besides the rough thump of a tiled floor against his shoulder. With a pained grunt, he turned around to watch the ironman suit step through the settling dust of the wall it had blasted apart.
Cheeks heating, Rogers bit his lip and turned away, and Tony’s heart leapt into triple time because that was possibly the goddamn most precious thing he had ever witnessed.
“No, no, it’s fine. You’re good!” Barton laughed. “No need to apologize for being hungry, especially not to me.”
“Stark, I’m coming! Don’t move!” Steve screamed and flung his shield in a wide arc that cleared his path a little. “No matter what, don’t move! Stark, I swear to god. Just this once, listen to me!”
“That’s not true, Stark,” Rogers told him, brow furrowing. His eyes were sad as he regarded Tony then, and Tony wanted to ask him what he was so worried about. “Listen, I need to get going. Wait here in the valley. You’ll do your part once we get inside. Wait for my word.”
Half of him was still stupidly loyal to Stark while the other half wanted to believe that Stark meant nothing but trouble and that it was best that they’d cut ties. He might’ve remained split between the two if it hadn’t been for Stark’s words playing back through his mind.
“Yeah,” Rogers replied in a faint voice before jerking himself out of whatever trance he’d fallen into and turning on his heel to march off through the grass.
He had entered a cavern lined with offshooting passageways through which guards were spilling into the main room and converging on a writhing mass of limbs, at the center of which was Stark, who they were mercilessly pummeling into the ground. Steve couldn’t make out too much from a distance, but he could see the smear of red across Stark’s face and hear the choked cries they were punching out of him.
“There’s unfinished business here,” Rogers responded, his voice controlled. “There wasn’t any radiation, but I’ve reason to believe a fair share of this facility’s recruits may be allegiant to Hydra. From here on out, you need no longer concern yourself, Mr. Stark. All I ask is that when you get aboveground, send word to SHIELD for backup. Without the threat of a nuclear explosion hanging over us anymore, we should be safe to storm this place.”
Oh fuck. Oh fuck, oh fuck. He was falling fast, and the room he’d stepped out of the suit in was like miles of winding tunnels away. Fuck, Tony still had life left to live, people to meet and things to fix and all that. Apologies to make.
“Hydra’s not taking me anywhere,” Rogers growled. “I don’t care what robotic advancements they’ve made; I’ll tear you apart just like the rest.”
“I don’t know. I’ve never tried it,” Steve responded, completely bewildered at the sudden invitation.
Fuck, wind. That could only mean that the nazi bastard who had just skimmed him with what could only be described as a fucking death ray had opened the ship’s hatch and was seconds from escape. Gripping his side and gritting his teeth, Steve managed to get himself to the door onto the ship’s cargo hold. And-
Luckily, interspersed along the walls, there were enough holds for equipment that Steve could clutch onto, but his hands were slippery with blood from the wound in his side. Also, whatever had blasted the hole in the ship had taken off two of the turbines, too. So, now the whole thing was going down fast.
Tony paused, thinking that over, then laughed. “You mean you didn’t figure it out? It was nothing but an illusion, Rogers. They’ve got some projection technology or some shit. None of it was real.”
Suppressing the flare of annoyance and the accompanying fifty insults he wanted to sling in Rogers’s stupid stern face, Tony simply raised an unimpressed eyebrow and replaced his helmet before firing up his boots.
Who was he kidding? This was for the best. No more Tony Stark meant less disaster for the world to deal with. It meant no more headaches for Pepper and no more burden on Rhodey. He just wished he could’ve built more. He should’ve done more. Tony glared hard into the dark, excusing the hot tears in his eyes as nothing but the effects of the torrent of air rushing into his face. Dammit, he hadn’t done all he could.
Tony was about to tell the man to shove it and demand some answers when the fireplace’s mantel caught his eye. It was wooden, stained a dark brown, and elaborately carved to resemble twisting vines. Completely ignoring the man urging him to lay back, Tony sat up even straighter as his eyes roved over the rest of the room, more slowly this time. There was a stone figurine of a rearing horse on the desk, and the complete set of
“I doubt there’s a flaw in my database or coding, but I can hardly think of any other way to explain it... This mystery individual’s genetic make-up matches with that of Captain Steve Rogers.”
Yeah, most people probably didn’t pray for a solid punch to the face to keep them awake. But Steve wasn’t most people (it’s not like a swig of coffee could do the trick), and he’d been searching through room after dusty room for anything of substance to bring back to SHIELD. Turning up a whole lot of nothing wasn’t exactly stimulating. Where the fuck did these people keep their incriminating files? Steve had no more of a clue who this group was than he had flying in. He might end up having to take someone back for interrogation.
A familiar whooshing behind him pulled him out of his brooding, and Tony heaved a sigh of relief as the ironman suit snugly encased him and dramatically slowed his descent.
Tony noticed the captain’s eyes catch on his helmet and remembered that it must be uncomfortable for Rogers to speak to an emotionless faceplate.
“Ever since he started spending more time in New York, Stark’s become an object of fascination for the press around here,” Romanoff said, wiggling another slice of pizza loose. “With his past as a crass playboy, they’ve got plenty of ammunition. And, ever since ironman, he’s become more of an enigma. People adore the speculation that brings. They’re all curious about why he isn’t making as many public appearances.”
“Hey, save the murder eyes for the shitheads inside,” Stark just giggled before shooting off for the door and hollering into the comm, “Full speed ahead, Spangles!”
Steve really needed someone to punch him in the face. Every time he came across a patrol, he was sorely tempted to let them land a hit. The adrenaline from the tussle outside had worn off, so he desperately needed a burst of pain to get it flowing again as he inched closer and closer to dropping to the ground and snoozing through the rest of the mission.
Steve’s mind went blank with white hot panic, and his fists flew into an onslaught against the glass wall. The water was flooding in now, soaking him to his waist.
He was sitting in an exact replica of his father’s old New York home office. It was identical to the room Tony had come to dread as a child, down to the scorch marks on the rug where Howard had once drunkenly stomped out a cigar and the mauve tie around the man’s neck that Howard had worn the day he’d nearly strangled Tony after hearing word of his son’s latest escapade at MIT.
Steve noticed Barton’s eyes on his shield and realized holding a weapon known for being the scourge of countless Nazi batallions wasn’t the friendliest of gestures. He set the shield on the ground and assured them, “Don’t worry, I have no intention of interfering in your business, whatever it may be.”
More useless ramblings. This conversation wasn’t going anywhere. Tony would have to be more direct about what he wanted to know. Before he could decide on how best to phrase “you better wisen up and tell me what you’ve done with Captain America in the next three seconds or I’ll fucking eviscerate you,” the man spoke up again, a curious expression on his face.
On the subway ride over, Clint and Romanoff had tag teamed explaining to Steve the mission behind the harddrive they’d retrieved. Steve had originally planned on playing it safe and behaving with the utmost politeness and respectability. But too soon he’d been swept up in the frenzy of their story-telling and bent over with laughter as they reenacted their climactic altercation with a cloaked villain at some warehouse in Florida.
It turned out that it took a whole hour and a half to fully discuss Hammer’s latest instance of mind-numbing incompetence, by the end of which both Tony and Pepper were in considerably higher spirits but starving for dinner. After finding nothing satisfactory in the fridge, they’d started rummaging through the cupboards.
As they stared each other down in the pale light his repulsors cast, their breath thinly steaming in the air between them, Tony knew neither of them had energy left to continue the fight. And besides, there wouldn’t be any point in doing so. They had both already concluded the other was the foulest person alive and best avoided.
Shaking his head, Steve followed after Ironman and boarded the jet. Maybe Stark was right. It wasn’t really his place to decide. All Steve could do was hope Stark would shake it off by the time they landed.
Steve rubbed at his eyes. He hadn’t felt this run down in his life. And that was saying a lot. Yeah, leading charge after charge in World War II had beaten him down, but he’d had Bucky and the rest of the howlies to sternly shove him into a cot or stay up with him talking about the stress and ugliness of it all. And sure, a good deal of his childhood had been plagued with draining sickness, but he’d had his mother to swaddle him in blankets, hold his hand through the coughing fits, and distract him with a recount of the day’s workplace drama. And to put him to sleep, she’d hum an old Irish melody. The notes still played through his dreams sometimes.
