Cas shrugged the shirt on, figuring it was better to just oblige than to try to argue that he really wasn’t cold.
Sam and Dean leapt from the table, grabbing guns and angel blades from the duffels piled by the door.
“Sorry, what?” So they needed the hearts of some freaking cartoon characters?
“Patience?”
Claire couldn’t help but laugh. Typical psychic mumbo jumbo, predicting her doom. Jody gave her a mournful look, and the smile drained from Claire’s face.
It was Cas.
Who did these guys think they were, a couple of Incredible Hulks? To be fair, they had the build for it.
“And we got prints back from the murder,” the Sarge added. “They matched prints from the bank. That boy’s been busy. I already checked out his place, it’s cleaned out, but I figure he ain’t goin’ nowhere without his best girl. So that’s why I’m here.” He paused. “Why are you here?”
All of a sudden, the car swerved. Sam grabbed onto the dashboard to steady himself. Jack began to scream in the backseat.
“Human,” Cas replied with a grimace.
“Where are you?”
“You know, the girl’s right,” he said. “Your plan does kind of suck.”
“Turns out rage is a good motivator,” Lucifer growled, “and I think you forgot something. I’m Lucifer.”
Amara nodded. “She is.”
She gave her hands to the baby, letting him wrap his tiny hands around her fingers. Power jolted through her. She could see it. The Bad Place. Desperately, she tried to shift to the other place, the place Sam had called Apocalypse World.
While Dean was disappointed, honestly, he couldn’t say he was surprised. He glanced at Sam, who was nodding slightly. But John looked livid.
“Find anything?” Dean asked, dropping his hand from Cas’ shoulder.
“Part of the reason I was banished from the Grand Coven was due to my experimental magic. One such spell was a resurrection spell. It can only be used once, and, well…” she shrugged. “I rather like this Irish lass.”
“You’re corrupted, Sam. You have been since you were six months old.” Sam’s eyes hurt. He wasn’t supposed to be able to perceive an angel’s true visage, was he?
“Where’s the other one?” Donna asked.
“And doctors will be able to?”
Both Gabriel and John looked at each other in shock.
He exited the car, hands shaking. The figure turned around.
The entire kitchen fell silent. Mary looked as though she were holding back tears.
Claire just looked at her.
“Leave me alone.” She walked swiftly out of the room, shoving a rolling table between them.
He listened to Lucifer squabbling with one of the guard demons in the other cell. Would the archangel ever just shut up?
“Yeah, the PJs aren’t so bad, are they?” he said softly as he tossed the dirty diaper in the trash can by the door, then picked Jack back up, cradling him against his chest. He walked back to the library, grabbing a parenting book that he’d found in one of the bags from the Washington house. He settled into the leather reclining chair in the corner with Jack laid across his chest. He began to whimper, so Sam set down the book again and grabbed a blanket that Dean had thrown over the back of the chair the other day.
Too soon, Dean pulled back. Cas opened his eyes, blinking at him.
Jack squirmed as Sam undid the snaps of his pajamas. He glanced around for something to give Jack to distract him, and his eyes landed on a photograph on the floor. Before it even registered in his mind what the subject of the photograph was, he held it above Jack’s tiny face. It was a picture of Cas. He wasn’t sure when it had been taken, but in it he was looking out the window of a diner. Sam figured that Dean had taken it.
“It’s a critic. Castiel Novak is here, that’s his table.”
Castiel reached out and took Dean’s hand, bringing it to his lips. It would be hard, but he could do that. For Dean.
They lapsed into silence again and Castiel continued to stroke Dean’s hair, hoping to convey any comfort he could through touch alone.
Sighing, Castiel picked up his drink and weaved his way towards Anna, stopping her with a pleasant smile and a polite greeting. She looked stunning, in a forest green evening gown with accents of gold. It contrasted with her flowing red hair beautifully.
“I am.”
“Will you tell me about it?” Castiel asks, quietly. “About when you found out? What your family said?”
“Nope.”
“Wait – Dean, please,” Castiel pleaded, his eyes wide and sad.
There wasn’t much call for conversation on the ride back to Castiel’s apartment. The sounds of classic rock that Castiel only vaguely recognised punctuated the silence between them that would otherwise have only been broken by Castiel’s occasional direction.
“Ooh, I’ll have one of those too, Cassie. And a cappuccino.” Gabriel joined his brother, his attention thoroughly caught by the mention of dessert.
Castiel nodded. “Please. I won’t be much longer. Ten minutes.”
He took a careful bite of the food, wary of what it could taste like. The moan that escaped him at the positively sinful flavour was unstoppable. The creamy alfredo sauce flavoured with the earthy mushrooms and sweetness of the bell pepper was amazing. The pasta was something out of this world. Dean didn’t think he’d ever had fresh pasta. He’d never be able to have the dried stuff again.
“So…” Dean cleared his throat.
“I think they call it a kiss.” Dean replied, automatically.
“Cas?” Dean called out, letting the door click closed behind him. “You here?”
“What is it?”
Benny’s lips brushed against his forehead, and Dean closed his eyes and wished, not for the first time, that he could have loved Benny the way he deserved to be loved.
Ah. That same old song and dance again. Castiel was tired of having John Winchester belittle their relationship. It wasn’t even the worst kind of homophobia – he’d been truly supportive of Dean’s bisexuality all through high school and college, by all accounts. He just didn’t like the idea of Dean truly settling down with a man.
“How was the first day of class?”
about you. You’re not a burden, and I like to snuggle sometimes too, damnit.”
Castiel nuzzled into Dean’s neck and pressed a few sucking kisses there, trying to thoroughly distract him from the review in the morning paper.
Castiel’s gaze drops to his mouth, and Dean swallows, realising where this is going. He leans in to meet the kiss halfway, brushing their lips together lightly. Once, twice, feather-light brushes that quickly turn hungry. He seals his mouth over Castiel’s, winding his fingers into his hair and guiding him back. He feels Castiel’s hand slide around his neck, crushing their mouths closer together as he nips at Dean’s lower lips.
Castiel leaned against him, closing his eyes and feeling himself relax as Dean pressed a kiss to the top of his head. Fate might have other plans for him, but he never really believed in fate anyway.
From that point on, everything was a blur. He was sure Dean spoke to him, but he couldn’t remember anything up until the point where Dean pulled up at the bottom the hill, the towering oak tree a familiar sight above him. It felt like only seconds had passed. Castiel sank down in the grass at its base, staring down into his lap.
Dean smirked at her. “He will. I’m irresistible.”
He swallowed hard and tried to compose himself. “Is everything okay?”
“Sure. And you’re also kind of mad about the guy. You forget that I grew up with you, baby bro, and I’ve met every idiot you ever dated. The people who get under your skin, they’re the people you care about the most. If you’re not interested in them, they don’t even register.”
There was a lot more he wanted to say, but they were already getting a lot of attention, so Dean closed his mouth and just shrugged one shoulder awkwardly. From the softening of Castiel’s expression and the crinkles around his eyes, he seemed to understand.
He pursed his lips and left, his steps hasty as he hurried to work. It was nearing eight, and he had a few things to prepare before his class of eager first graders arrived for the day.
“How do you know that’s what he’s after?”
“You’ll always have me,” Gabriel promised, a hitch in his own voice. “I just… need to be on my own for a while. I just have to get out of here. I would have gone years ago if it wasn’t for you. I tried so hard to stay until you went to college, but I can’t do it. Every day I’m around them, a little more of me dies. I have to leave.”
Castiel looked up, dumbly, as Dean cleared his throat. He opened his mouth and closed it again, swallowing audibly. “Hi.”
my money. And honestly, I suspect my soulmate might be a bit of a jackass.”
Dean leaned in close, drawing comfort from the touch. “Forever sounds pretty good to me.”
Castiel sighed. He simply didn’t have the time to wait, but he wanted to thank and repay Dean for his kindness on Wednesday. He pushed his way to the bakery door, apologising and ignoring all the angry patrons telling him not to cut in line.
“You said you owned your own restaurant and you left your sous chef in charge. You should still be getting money, right? A salary or profits or whatever. So –”
“Cas, where are you?” Dean called out, sticking his head in the living room.
The line went dead and Castiel’s chest heaved like he’d ran a marathon. He discarded his phone across the room as he unbuckled his belt and freed himself from his pants, kicking them down to below his knees. The lube was out of reach, stashed in the dresser and there was no way Castiel was struggling over to it. He thought about starting slow, of teasing himself to the point where it was almost too much, fingers dancing over his thighs. Half a mile wasn’t far away, Dean would be here before he knew it. Another time.
“Well, Morning Sunshine is only a couple of blocks away. We’ll stop in and get you some tea and I can check out the guy hitting on my baby bro.” Gabriel smirked.
“Oh. That’s nice. What was it like?”
Sinking down at his desk, Castiel pinched the bridge of his nose. He could feel a migraine coming on. Who knew that one fellow Professor could be a constant headache?
“Me too.” Dean admitted, and lit the paper on fire as Castiel’s hand slipped away.
“What?” Dean almost choked on his beer.
“Friday’s no good, I’m on the night shift with Benny. Sunday?”
“Sounds great. See you later,” Castiel called back, throwing his jacket and letting the door swing closed behind him. He didn’t stop rushing until he reached the street and then he breathed in a huge sigh. The cool air burned his lungs, but each exhale calmed him. When the pressure in his chest eased, Castiel forced himself to start the trek to the library.
He paused to get two cups of coffee from the machine, walking into the interview room. There was a spark of recognition in Castiel’s eyes before he averted his gaze.
Castiel sobbed into Dean’s shoulder. Despite the pain, the loss, the frustration, Dean’s presence helped. Just knowing that he had someone he would always be able to rely on sewed the initial sutures into Castiel’s broken heart.
Dean let that sink in and he released Castiel’s hand, pulling his own back across the table. He felt something cold settle in his chest and was struggling to find a way to reply. “What do you mean?”
“Girlfriend,” Dean supplied helpfully. “You know.
,” Castiel burst out. “Not to me. I
“Lawrence, Kansas.” Dean hummed distractedly as he opened the trunk and pulled out one of the boxes weighing down his car. “How about you?”
Castiel bit back a smile and inclined his head. “Well, in that case, who am I to disappoint him? I’d be honoured to shake his hand if his food is as good as rumours dictate.”
No response. Dean’s gaze sharpened as the homeless man didn’t even acknowledge his words. He edged closer, squinting through the heavy rainfall to the unresponsive man and then shrugging back at his partner.
“I didn’t mean to get you in trouble.” Castiel whispered, pulled an apologetic face, wincing at Benny’s sudden flare of temper.
“I’ve left you more soup in the fridge,” Dean told him, setting the water down on Castiel’s nightstand. “I don’t want to see you at the bakery until at least Monday, hear me?”
Dean closed his eyes and gathered strength. “Yeah, okay.” He pulled back reluctantly. It was difficult for Dean as he thought over how to broach the subject of something he’d never really spoken about before. Not to anyone. When he finally looked up at Castiel, he hesitated. “I don’t really know where to begin.”
“I’m not a child,” Castiel muttered sullenly. “You don’t need to watch me to make sure I eat.”
With that logic, it wouldn’t be unreasonable for him to at least save some time. Castiel slipped off his shoes and, as an afterthought, his socks, balling up the black cotton and shoving them into his shoes. He’d lost track of the amount of times his socks had been lost to the depths of Dean’s room and he’d had to hunt them down the next morning. Better to put them away safely now. It was just practical.
His shoulders tensed, Dean walks down the street, ignoring the bitter winter chill. He hadn’t planned on stopping for a few drinks, but a crappy day at work means he now had to walk home and that isn’t filling him with any joy.
Charlie burst into the kitchen, her eyes wide. She’d been too busy attending to her tables to catch Dean since his little conversation with Castiel, but she needed to talk to him now.
“Cas is fine. It’s very nice to meet you, Dean.” Castiel took the offered hand and shook it, staring intensely at Dean. They stared for a long moment, almost forgetting to release each other’s hands until Anna coughed politely.
“Can I ask why?” Dean’s voice sounded strange even to his own ears. It was expressionless, matter-of-fact. He couldn’t even control the words coming out of his mouth, it was like they were slipping out of their own free will.
“You’re a–”
He might not have seen Dean cry before, but Castiel had seen him upset, and he knew Dean had problems with talking when he was grieving.
“Thanks,” Dean cut him off and broke the embrace. There wasn’t any point in talking about what Cas had done. It was over. Benny nodded again in understanding and they split up.
When Dean woke up, he felt warm. Arms were wrapped around him, tight, and the events of last night rushed back. He and Cas were still naked, tangled together, and Dean smiled to himself.
“All you have to do,” Zachariah continued, “is what you’ve been doing for years. Work in my garage like your father taught you without any trouble and we’ll be fine. Am I clear?”
A text to Charlie, Benny and Victor let them know he didn’t feel good and walked home. They answered to say to let them know when he made it back after he assured them they should stay and enjoy themselves. Charlie sent back a winking emoji and Dean knew she would find fun.
Dean watched Cas, expression unreadable now, as he stood up. He walked around the table to face Dean.
“Fine,” Dean said, slightly snapping and figuring he was going to regret this.
Cas knew where to go, top drawer of the nightstand, for what he needed. Dean momentarily missed the heat and weight of Cas on top of him until he returned with the condom and lube. Dean could guess what Cas wanted and he grew harder and hotter at the thought.
“I was doing homework with Jo at the big dining room table for a change of scenery and Zachariah walked by.”
“He wasn’t evil he was…”
“Do you want to…”
“What?” Dean asked, eyes snapping up.
“No, that’s not right,” Dean said.
“What’s up?” Dean asked a little uneasily. It was difficult getting over wanting to punch him in the face. They had gone an entire month constantly at each’s others’ throats but the weekend kind of changed things. It didn’t seem like they were enemies anymore.
“Castiel, don’t walk so close to him. I don’t want anyone to think you’d associate with someone like that,” he said, disgust on his face as he looked at Dean.
Besides wishing he was asleep, Dean also wished his pillow was softer and didn’t smell faintly of mothballs. A better mattress would have been welcome, too. His back seemed to have aged thirty years, at least, overnight.
“Anything you want,” the guy shrugged. “Just be polite.”
“I, uh… we just,” Castiel sputtered. It was hard to explain to Sam, who still seemed like an innocent kid, that he had tried to buy weed from Dean and was trying to get in the same gang. Castiel didn’t know how much Sam knew.
“I was going to say the same thing,” Cas said.
“Wanna use it for something else?” Cas said, face breaking into a somewhat smarmy smile.
“No,” Dean said with his smuggest grin, “which is exactly why I’m making them.”
“I…” Dean said, the reality of it all hitting him hard as he looked at Cas.
“No, Dean-o, it’s not,” Gabriel said. “Michael killed him, not you.”
“Yeah and you treat him so well,” Dean smirked. Michael stepped forward and lifted him off the end of the bench by his shirt.
“I’d love to have you close but that’d be selfish. What about Sam?” Cas asked.
Castiel showed up to a party already in progress. It was warm out so people were scattered on the lawn as well as on the porch and in the house. The house was simple but run-down, white and one story.
“Nothing,” Dean said, looking away from Cas’s piercing eyes.
“You two called?” the driver asked as he hopped down from the front of the ambulance. Dean and Benny nodded. “Stay here, the cops will want to talk to you.”
“What?”
Dean didn’t bother to ask what Cas had thought about them waking up cuddling together or talk about what had happened last night. It was a good opportunity but Dean wasn’t sure if he would like what Cas said so he bailed. Again.
“Fighting, sir,” Henriksen said, making it as simple as possible. “All of them.”
“What?” Dean asked, confused, meeting Cas’s level gaze.
“Are there payphones around?” Dean asked Benny. They walked with everyone else towards the closest part of Lawrence, which was unfortunately the opposite side of town than where Dean was from. Walking all the way home was out of the question and they weren’t allowed to travel too far anyways.
“Cas…” Dean said quietly with his eyes closed.
“I’m sorry. I’m worried about my brother,” Sam said. “Actually, there might be a way you can help.”
“That was impressive,” he said as he stopped clapping. “What else can you take that fast?”
It was the first weekend in December and Dean was driving with Cas in the Impala.
“Damn, Cas,” Dean said, still out of breath. Cas curled up against his side and laid his head on his bare chest. “Where’d you learn to be so good?”
“Let me…I just need to get this off my chest,” Cas began. “When you were worried about your dad and Lisa, it just made think you were hesitant about me.”
“You know, you were right,” Cas said.
Dean shifted on each leg to guide his jeans over his ass and gently down to the floor.
“You went against our kind? For humans?”
“Hey. Grabbed a biscuit from the mess hall if you want,” Benny said when he sat down at his desk to start his homework after dinner.
“I think my view is better,” Cas said, keeping his eyes on Dean’s cock as he took off his clothes.
“Good point. All right.”
“History gets you excited, huh?” he teased from his bed where he was reading.
“Well, yeah…” Cas answered, guiding Dean up the front steps of his apartment building.
“Something like that,” Cas sighed.
Dean was just riding around with Henriksen and let the other man drive for once.
Dean:
“Why’d you lie?” Sam asked bluntly.
He leaned into him, pressing Cas’s back against the side of the car. One of Dean’s hands was on the back of Cas’s neck, teasing at his hair and the other was on his waist. Just as he was sliding his hand under Cas’s shirt, Bobby’s voice called out from his office.
“We could try talking, you know,” Dean managed between Castiel’s kisses.
“Shut up.”
“Yes,” Cas agreed, “but things could pick up again.”
“Yeah, it’s a hickey,” Dean admitted, though he wouldn’t dare say who from.
“I…Sam and I were going to go to South Dakota. There’s a family friend, Bobby…”
They could hear a shout of, “He brought FLOWERS?” as they walked down the hallway.
“Balthazar,” the man said, extending a hand. Cas rethought what he was about to do for a split second before deciding a course of action.
“This was a bad idea,” Dean grumbled as he retried the problem in front of him, ignoring Cas’s compliment.
But he knew it might be ruined.
“Let’s finish what we started on the couch,” Dean said against Cas’s mouth.
Blushing furiously, Dean followed his partner to their squad car. Once they were driving, Dean finally snapped.
It took two weeks for Charlie to track down Cas’s dad. Everything she found, she sent to him through e-mail because there was a lot of stuff. It looked like his dad’s name was Chuck Shurley. Charlie found a mother listed and her last name was Novak but didn’t find any evidence that the two of them had been married.
“I don’t need luxury, I need you.”
He jumped and almost fell down the steps of the patio except for the hand grabbing his arm. Castiel pulled him upright and they were standing very close.
Dean walked back to his dorm, replaying the conversation over and over. He could really do what, or who, ever he wanted without his father finding out. Hell, his friends didn’t even have to know. He and Cas could be the only ones who knew.
“I’m going to hit the bathroom real quick,” Dean excused himself.
“Holy fuck, I got in,” Dean said, smiling.
: hey you make it home okay?
“Now, try again. Tell me what is so wrong you had to scare the shit out of me.”
“There’s the café you first started drooling over me,” Cas pointed out with an irresistible smirk.
“Do you trust me?” Dean whispered.
“Technically.”
“I’d like that,” Cas smiled, helping to put Dean at ease. Hell, Cas made everything better just by
Benny still wasn’t sure about Dean’s feelings for Cas and didn’t want to bring it up yet or have Charlie do it. He had just confided in them and could have denied it anyways. Also, it was still unclear to them what Cas’s sexuality was. He might have told Dean but it wouldn’t matter. Dean wouldn’t betray someone’s trust and that’s why Benny liked him. Benny would just have to let things play out. Well, maybe he could help a little. He had one idea and maybe Charlie and Garth would help.
“Adam, he’s new. I told Michael to stay out of the high school and leave them alone but he didn’t listen,” Balthazar said remorsefully. “Now, I’m the only one here. Quite the surprise that I’m the nice guy.”
Castiel pushed open the door to Morning Sunshine Bakery with only a mild amount of hesitation. His concern was pushed aside to be momentarily forgotten as warmth washed over him from the interior. The scene of sugary sweetness, fresh pastries, and freshly-brewed coffee assaulted his senses and Castiel inhaled deeply.
Dean sighs. “You did. I was in so much pain. How did you do that, anyway? Some kinda pressure point in my head?”
Dropping to his knees, Castiel pulled Dean into a hug. Fear tendrils spread across his insides, pushing the chill through his body. He’d never seen Dean cry before, not once in all of their years of friendship. He didn’t ask what was wrong, knowing Dean would talk in his own time. Castiel didn’t even tell Dean that he already knew, that Sam had told him, just saved the words for when Dean was able to speak.
Dean opened his mouth and closed it again, his mouth turning dry and all of the blood rushing sound at the heated look in Castiel’s eyes. “I don’t have candles and stuff to make it special yet,” he murmured, apologetically.
As if to taunt him further, the bartender’s sleeve rides up as she pours the whiskey bottle, displaying her timer.
Castiel returned his nose to the pillow and inhaled once more. There was the undercurrent of sex beneath Dean’s scent. Sweat, semen, an overall hint of musk. Dean had left in quite a hurry that day, clearly he hadn’t had time to focus on laundry before they’d left. Castiel closed his eyes, trying to remember the last time they’d had sex.
“I feel love,” Dean said simply.
Castiel’s hand slipped from Dean’s hair and he touched his cheek, feeling a tear slip down his own cheek against his best efforts. “Dean, you’re the only person in my life that has always been by my side. What makes you think I could be happy without you?”
Shaking himself out of his daydream, Dean headed through to the bathroom to wash up so he could get a start on dinner before Castiel got home. Passing through the bedroom, he stopped at the sight of the figure on the bed, curled up in the dark.
“I’m not mad,” Dean assured him. “I’ve been trying to get you to come visit me at work for years. I should get back to the kitchen. I’ll see you at home?”
“Of course not, I know you wouldn’t ever hurt me intentionally. I’ll admit, my pride is a little wounded, but I’d rather that than lose our apartment.” Castiel sighed, fingers idly stroking Dean’s hair. “You want to turn in?”
“You have a lovely home,” Castiel muttered as he climbed out of the car. “You live here alone?”
Dean shrugged, a smile tugging at the side of his mouth. “What can I say, I’m pretty gone on you, Cas. But you have to keep out of trouble. You’re probably going to get another six months for this. If you keep your head down and finish your sentence, then I’ll wait for you. But no more fooling around in here. Okay?”
“Thank you,” she hesitated for a moment and then gave an awkward giggle, leaning down. “Sorry to bother you, but I was trying to decide if it was you or not… are you Castiel Novak, the food critic?”
Beneath an old oak tree on the outskirts of town, Castiel wept into his hands, uncaring of the snot and blood that smeared across his face as he cried. He couldn’t go home yet, even though he knew his parents would be expecting him. If they saw the blood on his face, they’d know exactly what had happened.
Finally came the lavender, the floral aroma that just melted in his mouth. Pungent, bitter, almost woody, but a perfect complement to the sweet honey it had been careful paired with.
“I don’t agree. Look at this,” Dean turned his monitor around to show Benny the screen. “I searched for the address on his driver’s licence. Seventeen times the neighbours have called 911 for suspected domestic abuse. And that’s just in the last six months. There are dozens more. The guy was freaking the hell out because he thought this asshole boyfriend or whatever was coming after him. Read it, and then come join me in the interview room.”
“Cas? Are you okay?”
“Then I’ll stay too,” Castiel told him gently. “And apply to KCU. We might not be there together, but I’ll still get to see you.”
There was a buzz of excitement from the other inmates as Castiel leapt from his seat, fist flying towards Crowley’s face. There was a sickening crunch that almost certainly loosened a few teeth, and Castiel savoured in his triumph for just a moment. The guards hovering at the sides of the yard had yet to notice that a full-blown brawl was about to break out, but they’d figure it out soon enough.
That seemed like the best course of action, so Castiel made his way to work, wondering what the deal was with Morning Sunshine. It was never quiet, Dean’s skill with baked goods was renowned around town and brought plenty of repeat customers. But it had never been that level of busy before.
“Why is the love I see on your face different from every version of love I’ve seen before?”
,” Castiel told him firmly. “Because you’ve been perfect since we met. You were so accepting of my stupidly busy schedule for class and wouldn’t go to a party the night before I had an exam, you stayed home and helped me study.”
“Thank you, I will.” Castiel replied matter-of-factly.
He sat back, satisfied and very full. This had been a very successful visit, and he would be lucky if he didn’t have to unbutton his slacks for the taxi home. Flagging down Charlie, he asked her for the check as he wrote more scrawled notes in his book. He’d type it all up when he got home and it would hopefully hit the papers by the morning.
Ah. Dean shook his head, trying to placate the angering man in front of him. “Not at all. Like I said, I’m trying to understand your situation. Context is everything.”
Tentatively, he knocked on the bathroom door. “Cas?” he called out. “Do you want me to head out for a few hours? I can go to the library and let you handle this however you want to.”
“You’re not gonna scream at me?”
Dean barks out a bitter laugh. They’re even commiserating at the same time, for the same reason. Freakin’ soulmates, man. “That sounds perfect, Cas, but I don’t have my car. I started the party early today.”
“Well, that rather answers that question, doesn’t it? Maybe I should actually start listening to your advice, Cassie, if you can charm a tall drink of water like that.”
He left the room, and Dean listened to the sounds of his footsteps padding up the stairs sadly, wishing there was something he could do.
Dean smiled. “It’s good enough for me too, Cas.”
“Yes.”
But everything had changed since then. Castiel had other friends, college friends. Dean had started working at Bobby Singer’s autoshop to pay the bills and had his own circle of friends too. Naturally, it hadn’t affected their friendship at all. Castiel had still carved out the majority of his social time for Dean. He’d naively thought Dean had done the same thing for him. He’d barely mentioned his work friends.
“Same house. Never moved.” Dean needed to be the one to walk first, because it didn’t seem like Castiel was going to. He took a few steps to the left and opened the driver’s side door.
“It’s a tonka mousse on a dark chocolate crumb base,” Dean volunteered, before he could ask. “It’s on the menu, don’t worry. I didn’t give you any special treatment. The only difference is that the glaze is usually pink.”
He wanted to travel, to explore countless sights and landmarks and experience various cultures. He took the extra flights because he wanted to see it all.
Less than six minutes to go until she meets her soulmate.
“Why don’t you guess?” Dean asked, his tone light and teasing.
Dean locked eyes with Castiel as he unbuckled his belt, but instead of approaching the bed, he settled down in the chair by the desk. Still, he never tore his eyes away from Castiel’s, even as he freed his own cock from his faded jeans. Castiel made a sound in the back of his throat and stopped his motions, grasping the base of his shaft as he felt his balls beginning to tighten. He wouldn’t come, not yet.
Shifting his way to his other foot, Dean’s cheeks coloured. “Uh, yeah, I figured maybe we got off on the wrong foot yesterday, and I wanted to apologise.”
Dean slid his arm around Castiel’s waist from behind and pressed his chin to Castiel’s shoulder. “You know, you could just stay here with me. Move in properly, I mean and give up the apartment.”
Castiel chewed his lip. “I have something to show you.” He eased off the couch and disappeared into the kitchen.
Castiel whimpered. “I’m not out, Dean. They don’t know about us, but I don’t want to ask you to pretend that we’re not dating. I don’t want to hide you or make you feel like I’m ashamed of you. I don’t know what to do.”
“No offence, man. Tea just isn’t my thing. No judgement here,” the man on the other end of the phone added, hurriedly. “Could you just hand it over to one of the staff there and find out when they close? I teach at KSU and I can’t get back there until my last lecture finishes at six.”
“I don’t,” Dean hummed. “I’m not her uncle, really. Just a friend of the family.”
The slight temperature and sneezes scuppered any chances Castiel had of apologising on Monday. Developing into a full-blown fever, Castiel was bedridden for the first half of the week and only on Wednesday did he feel well enough to get himself to the doctor.
Castiel smiled and leaned in for another kiss that Dean met without hesitation. “
He wasn’t sure how to feel about either choice.
“I’ve seen love,” Castiel objected. “It’s usually pink or pale red. It’s never been… that colour. That shade. That brightness.”
“Tessa.” It’s an answer and an avoidance of one, all at the same time. She seems to recognise this. “I’m here to help.”
The jolt of pain brings clarity and he pulls back, eyes wide. “Cas…”
He shouldn’t put that on Castiel, but it was hard not to feel like he was being abandoned when all he was trying to do was move their relationship forward. To him, Castiel was his future. Dean had been in love before but never like this. He could see himself walking down the aisle with Castiel. Could see them growing old together in this very house.
He stole a quick kiss as he continued to ice his face.
But he also needed Dean.
Dean nodded and gave Benny a hug and they said good-bye.
“Cas, I promise I will stop asking if you tell me why.”
She smiled.
“You’re exaggerating,” Dean said, looking down and zipping his backpack.
“Handcuffs,” Cas said casually, taking a bite of his own sandwich.
“Some water,” Dean replied, “thanks.”
“Sure.”
“Yes, I am Castiel,” other Castiel agreed. “How do you know my name and why does he bare a resemblance to me?”
“That we fucked?” Dean asked.
“Well, what a surprise. Our cousin slumming it with Winchester,” Raphael sneered.
“We could use some of the frozen peas, too,” Dean said, grabbing some hydrogen peroxide and cotton swabs.
They framed the picture Sam took and put it above the couch in their living room.
Cas slid over a plate of leftover pizza.
“Try not to get in trouble? Be careful.”
Dean shut the enormous front doors to the mansion in Zachariah’s stunned face. He had business to take care of.
“Fine, a fool,” Dean admitted with his hands up. “Please continue.”
Cas knew Dean was still hard because he loved seeing Cas spent like this after he took care of him. Once his own pants were on, he turned them around to slam Dean against the door to return the favor.
Cas gave him a slow kiss, very slow and tender.  It was different than other kisses they had previously shared and Dean enjoyed it immensely. It felt like a promise of something and he let out a content sigh when they broke apart, faces still only an inch apart.
“Where do you suggest?” Cas asked in a low, sexy voice that made Dean kiss Cas before answering.
Cas accepted the ride.
“Why isn’t the bastard doing it himself, errand boy?” Dean mocked.
“There’s nothing else to talk about, I’m not going to tell him,” Cas said, picking at his sandwich that he had barely touched.
“Good night, Dean.”
“This is a little more serious than that,” Dean snapped.
“Yes we can,” Charlie grinned. “It’s easy, we break in. And I can get on his computer.”
“You better have gotten real food,” Dean said, getting up to take a bag. Dean looked up from the bag to Sam’s face as Sam shut the door.
“Technically, it’s not against the rules so you slide by. This time. Looks good, boys.”
Those were all the details Sam needed. When he got as few words out of Dean as possible normally, he knew this was different.
“Kind of a long story, man,” Dean answered, trying to get them to drop the subject. Garth looked to Benny who subtly shook his head but Dean noticed it and was thankful when Garth started talking about something else.
“We’re studying together tomorrow,” Sam beamed, “just the two of us.”
After classes that day all of the students suffered through the late January cold to go for their usual run, the first of the new semester. Once inside the gym to finish their exercises, everyone was still jumping around and blowing on their hands to try to get warm. Dean did not miss this aspect of the school at all over break.
Dean slid out from under his Chevy. He walked across his garage and saw Bobby in the office and Garth drop something. He laughed and shook his head.
Dean sat at their table working on homework and didn’t feel like doing  anything except for finishing it. He took a deep breath before he answered.
There was Jake, one of two black guys, and the one who survived being shot; Gordon was the other. Alastair and Azazel who were both very creepy looking, Dick and his Hispanic buddy Edgar were there too.
“I mean I’m gay and they’re cool with it,” Charlie said to nods from Victor and Benny.
“Hi, Sammy,” Dean said, giving his brother a hug.
He pocketed the extra cash and gave the boys a key.
“You really shouldn’t smoke though,” Cas pointed out. “It’s bad for you.”
“Well?” Crowley asked them. It was clear five to two was terrible for the two unwelcome guests and they began to walk away.
“Out,” Dean responded. “How was studying, how’s Jess? You ask her out yet?”
“We both got grounded for a long time but it didn’t matter. I was willing to risk everything because I loved her so much.”
“Find me when you’re back from the show,” Cas said when they stepped inside the servants’ door and saw no one around.
“Me neither,” Dean said with a laugh. “We’ll make it up as we go.”
“Aw, come on, Sammy, you heard the cop. Let me rest,” Dean said, closing his eyes. Sam glared but decided Dean was right and left the room, giving them time to themselves.
“No. I could only think about you, about the next time I could see you or talk to you,” Cas paused. “Or kiss you, hopefully.”
“We quit,” Cas said, eyes not leaving Dean’s face.
Dean makes a huge decision.
“What are you talking about?” Dean demanded to know.
“So what then?” Cas asked.
Dean smiled at that memory. Then panicked. Is that why Cas left?
They drove around until they got hungry and decided to meet up with Benny, who had only been covering a couple hours for someone at the diner, at the Roadhouse.
“Please don’t tell me you’re pregnant,” Dean answered.
“Well, I guess I’m done here,” Balthazar said, “gotta go tell the guys. See ya around, Cas.”
“Awesome,” Dean grinned.
Dean walked back out and avoided Michael and Lucifer, easy since they were busy talking to two women. Dean didn’t know them but could tell they looked like the mean type of girl those two guys could hope to marry.
Those pink lips covered in cum got Dean’s spent dick to twitch but he ignored that.
Lisa went back to reading on her tablet.
Dean laughed. The sick irony of his thought and how horrible everything was made him laugh. This couldn’t be real.
“What if it’s not yours?” Lisa argued back.
He shook that away, it didn’t matter how hot he was. He was a Novak and Dean didn’t care for them on principle. All they, and people like them, did was look down on people like Dean and his brother.
“Hi, Ellen,” Dean said with a small smile. Cas noticed Dean stood up straighter when talking to Ellen with obvious respect.
There were not many more words after that, just Cas bouncing on Dean’s cock with his hands on his chest for balance. Dean took Cas’s dick into his hand to stroke him along with their thrusting, hips meeting in a slap of sweaty skin. Alone in the house, neither were shy with their groans and cries of pleasure.
Turns out, the two of them didn’t end up eating much. Part way through the meal, Cas had been getting too adventurous with his game of footsie so Dean dragged him to the bathroom.
Since the company was so successful, they had from a couple days before Christmas until a few days into the New Year to relax and not come into work. It was like winter break from school all over again. Unfortunately, that just gave Dean more time to think about Cas and the last conversation they had but at least he didn’t have to see him. There was no guarantee he wouldn’t punch him in the face if he did. Normally, Dean did stuff to relax since work was usually stressful enough. This was not helping the situation.
In the morning, Cas woke up by himself. Immediately, he started to berate himself for being so stupid. Dean was gorgeous, why would he…
“Is everything always a competition with you?” Cas rolled his eyes.
“Then what would you do?”
“Now that’s not how you want to talk to us, Winchester,” Raphael snapped.
“I don’t know if I’m ready…”
Cas didn’t hesitate to try.
“God damn it,” Dean cursed, fingers pinching the bridge of his nose.
Dean dropped both of his bags on the floor on the empty side. Each half of the room had a twin bed with a wooden, three-drawer dresser at the foot of it. There were also two wooden desks complete with uncomfortable looking wooden chairs along the same wall as the door and a window between the beds. It was simple and pretty much what Dean would have expected at a military school. He opened his duffel bag and pulled out a dark brown leather jacket.
“Maybe,” Dean said.
Dean let out a content sigh.
“Okay, what’s this news?” Dean demanded. Cas was pretty curious himself.
“You sure?” Sam asked, feeling how heavily Dean was leaning on him now.
“No, you don’t.” Dean gently bumped into Cas as they walked towards their room.
They got back to their rooms, still a little high from the adrenaline of almost getting in trouble, and stood between their doors in the hallway.
“That I’m working.”
“I…” Cas swallowed. This was maybe the craziest thing they had asked him to do but it had to be done.
“Yeah, you made it perfectly clear you’re too good for me. You know what? Fine. Stay in the closet, be a pastor just like Daddy and I’ll end up in jail. At least then we’re living up to everyone’s expectations.”
Crowley.
They were in Cas’s room, sitting on his bed, but Dean wasn’t going to stay long because Henriksen would be coming along for lights out any minute. Even if Zachariah had his suspicions from his sons that something was going on with Dean and Cas didn’t mean that they wanted to give him definitive proof.
“Where were they from originally?”
“What are your plans now?” he continued.
Without looking, he paused the music and sat up. He looked and saw Castiel. It was odd that he wasn’t in town with everyone else but that wasn’t Dean’s business.
Dean had to agree, it was nice. He picked up Cas’s iPod and scrolled through the songs. Besides the classical music, there was a lot of stuff he liked, too.
That was all Dean needed to hear. Cas taking control was hot but Dean needed to fuck Cas, felt it in every atom of his body. He lubed up two fingers and then a third to make sure Cas was ready before slicking himself up.
“My groveling?” Dean asked, dumbfounded.
“Ow! Jeez, Ellen,” Dean complained. “Fine! It’s drama with someone at work. I thought they liked me and they don’t. I just need to stop being a whiny bitch about it and it’ll be fine.”
On the couch was a guy with a girl on either side of him. Castiel recognized Crowley from the police files he had to pretend to know nothing about. It had his first name but Castiel couldn’t remember it.
Crowley nodded. Lucifer was a platoon leader like Cas and Crowley was only a squad leader. It would have been highly unlikely for Crowley to become a company leader unless Lucifer didn’t accept the position.
“I was walking by and you seemed… interesting. Wanted to say hi.”
Dean scrounged up some food for his own Thanksgiving meal in the mess hall. Castiel had gone with his family and no one else was around. It was the quietest Thanksgiving he had ever had but that wasn’t even necessarily a bad thing. It was lonely, though. He wished, not for the first time, that he had a way to talk to Sam.
“I’m all right to walk. It’s a beautiful day out,” Cas said. Sam looked skeptical but agreed. They said goodbye and went their separate ways.
“Why don’t you have a choice?” Cas asked.
Castiel couldn’t figure out if he should go or not and wrestled with it the whole day before deciding he would.
Dean laughed and kissed Cas on the forehead.
“Thanks, Dad.”
Henriksen started to walk away and Dean was about to follow but he paused.
“You got it, angel,” Dean said with just a hint of a smirk.
“I am look…You know what, never mind,” Castiel said angrily. “I don’t expect you to understand.”
One thing constantly pestering Dean into the new year was the idea of college. Cas hadn’t brought it up and Dean didn’t really want to talk about it. The whole thing seemed a little ridiculous to Dean and he tried to forget about it. John never asked Dean what he wanted to do after he finished getting his GED so Dean figured he would just keep working at Rufus’s.
“Where’s Cas?” Sam asked.
Lisa fell asleep almost immediately but Dean couldn’t sleep. He was crushed by guilt. What kind of man sleeps around like this? What about Ben if they were to split up?
“I think my dad should be gone or drunk for the next couple of days. You can come tonight after dinner and we’ll sneak you in,” Dean said.
“I was basically waiting for you to finally ask for my help. I was there, Dean. I’m always there for you.”
There was no way Cas could have hid his blush from Dean if he tried.
Dean’s mind went to Bobby but he was hours away and John had the car.
Dean grabbed the lube and thoroughly coated their dicks in it, taking them both in his hand. He angled Cas back so he was propped on his elbows, ass on the edge of his desk still, cock pointed towards his stomach. Dean lined his own cock on top of Cas’s, also pointed at Cas’s stomach.
“Yes. Like, hardcore crushing on each other,” Charlie said with a “duh” tone.
Dean didn’t know what to say. He tried to figure out how this was a trick of Zachariah’s when Sam interrupted his thoughts.
Cas shook his head.
“I love you, too.”
“It’s been kind of weird having to be so adult, you know?” Dean said as they ordered an appetizer. Cas always insisted they get calamari and his face was too cute for Dean to say no. Plus, he was starting to actually like calamari.
They threw their sweatpants and shirts on before joining Sam down the hall in the kitchen. Dean ruffled the kid’s hair before he got to work with Cas making eggs and bacon.
“Sammy? The kid’s a genius. He definitely got all the smart genes in the family and definitely not from our dad so our mom….” Dean paused, his eyes going blank a second before he went on to something else, “He had a friend he liked, named Jess. I hope he still talks to her.”
Henriksen gave Mills a look before answering.
“Careful,” Dean snapped at them as they lifted Cas’s body into their vehicle.
“This isn’t exactly what we had in mind when we said to infiltrate the gang, Novak,” Henriksen started.
“What are your plans for the night, Sam?” Dean asked as they ate pizza. It was a cheap one that you just throw in the oven.
“I’m glad because I needed help with the cars, don’t be an ass,” Bobby said, no real bite to his words.
“Why don’t I just walk you up,” Dean said, unbuckling his seatbelt.
Henriksen could hear Dean’s smug laughter as he ran away.
“You must be Dean,” the guy greeted with a deep voice that had a slight Southern twang and an extended hand.
Dean felt them getting more comfortable with each other every time they hung out. They could just talk and be themselves which Dean wasn’t used to. Anything previous had just been meaningless hook-ups. This was new territory for them both.
Dean earned a solid punch to the stomach. He would have collapsed to his knees if Michael and Lucifer didn’t hold him steady.
“Sorry, Vicky, you gotta be quicker than that!” Dean yelled victoriously from the other side of the fence.
“I’m usually not. It must just be you,” Cas said, eyes closed in post-orgasm bliss.
“Dean, I’m seventeen. I think I get a say in the matter.”
“You said you wanted to talk,” Cas said, glazing over the fact that Dean punched a phone, “so talk. I don’t have a lot of time before my brother will want his car back or at least wonder where I am.”
“Gabriel rebels, too,” Cas attempted.
“Fuck, seriously?” Cas groaned.
“Maybe you’re wrong about me,” Castiel said.
“Well, we don’t all need a relationship to be happy,” Dean argued.
“Pretty much. Then he clammed up, said it was none of his business,” Jo said.
“I didn’t even see them,” Henriksen said, “They don’t look muddy to me.”
“You head to the Cook County Department of Corrections until your arraignment where the judge will set bail. If you can’t make bail, you stay there until the pre-trial as well,” Mills explained.
“Dean, don’t.”
“Shit,” Dean cursed.
“Dean, what’s wrong?”
Thrusting up, Dean was desperate to feel more of Cas. He needed to see all of him, feel him.
“You two need a room?” Charlie joked. He bumped his shoulder against hers as he chewed.
If there was ever a definition of a relationship being called “it’s complicated,” this had to be it.
“Uh, what?” Cas asked, caught daydreaming about his subordinate rubbing one out.
That actually sounded very awesome, even if he didn’t admit that out loud. He couldn’t think of the last time someone did something nice for him. Maybe when Sam got him his favorite necklace he never took off a few years ago.
Gabriel was hopefully doing his job of making sure Lucifer, Michael and Raphael were staying put in their rooms. Anna didn’t want to help any further than the information she had given.
“Dean, you okay?”
“Hey Cas,” Dean greeted and leaned in to kiss him.
“A demerit is like a warning. They build up and you…. You don’t want that,” Benny explained without Dean asking.
“Benny?”
The mattress hit the back of Dean’s knees and he fell backwards with Cas on top of him.
“Jody, I have a question. Is there any possibility Dean stays out of this?” Cas asked.
“I think I owe you a lifetime of favors. Let me pay for dinner,” Cas said when Dean started to protest.
was great. Which was probably exactly how this little problem came to be.
He thought for a brief second that Castiel might have told his uncle of their latest interactions, but it didn’t seem like the guy’s style to let someone else fight his battles.
Dean stopped midchew, mind running away with worst-case scenarios.
“This sucks,” Dean said to no one in particular as they waited to start their other exercises. “Why the fuck do we go outside in this shit? Someone’s gonna get hypothermia.”
Dean braced himself for the worst to come next. The man had no filter and all of his prejudices would come out.
“Me? I’m boring, it’s boring in here. But it’s fine. How’s the shop?”
“What?” Dean asked. “Oh. Yeah, everything’s g… you look…um. Good.”
This way, Dean figured, he can put the flowers away before we go.
“Stay out of our way,” Raphael snapped.
“Our second week here, I unscrewed the lid on the salt because I knew you would use it in the break room and put a whoopee cushion on your seat in the conference room during a huge meeting and Zachariah got pissed at you instead of me. So then you kept lowering the chair in my office since you knew I kept it at just the right height and told most of the women here that I am into nurse roleplay,” Dean commented. “Oh, and you hid my car keys. Twice.”
“Why didn’t you say anything?”
Cas managed a laugh at that and followed Dean to the Impala.
His phone rang on the couch next to him, interrupting his alcoholic pity party.
“We’re moving,” Dean said. “My dad’s taking us to South Dakota.”
“Yeah, thanks douche and douchier,” Dean taunted.
“What happened?” Cas asked, taking a bit of his own burger. He thought Dean was overreacting but it was actually a very good burger.
“Feel okay?” Dean asked.
“No you didn’t,” John interrupted, scowl deepening.
“Shit,” Cas replied, eyes wide. “That will make Thanksgiving interesting.”
“Don’t even think of finishing that sentence,” Dean glared back at him. “We’re out of here.”
“No, Cas…I…You took me by surprise is all,” Dean grinned. “I love you, too.”
So far, so good, Cas thought.
“Gabriel, calm down. It’s nothing. And it wasn’t my boyfriend,” Cas started annoyed but couldn’t help smiling again.
“Understatement,” Dean interrupted.
Cas didn’t say anything but Dean could still hear him on the other line.
“Dean. I’m Anna,” she laughed. “Oh, I’ve heard plenty about you.”
Dean stood on the street, hailed a cab and headed to the hospital and to Cas.
“Go ahead then,” Cas said.
Dean drove his patrol car back to the station and sat in his car trying to figure out what the hell he would tell his father. After many deep breaths, he went inside.
“I have to say,” Cas said then laughed again, “I haven’t had this much fun…Ever.”
It didn’t take long for Charlie and Sam to fall asleep. Dean’s eyes were starting to droop, too. He felt warm with the angel at his side and content with his makeshift family around and his head fell slightly to the side onto Cas’s shoulder as he fell asleep.
“That’s not what this is about, Dean,” Cas reasoned.
“God damn, you look sexy in that,” Dean said into Cas’s ear so only he heard while standing behind him. He was in a great mood and couldn’t help himself.
Maybe Dean sounded desperate enough or maybe because it was so cold, Dean didn’t know, but Cas let him inside.
“Then let’s give him something worth bragging about,” Cas said, pulling Dean into his room and kicking the door shut.
Thanks for reading. I'm on tumblr with the same name as here and I've got more stuff in the works to put on here soon.
Castiel finally managed to get a good look at Dean, despite the lack of light. Dean had a black eye and blood on his face that was hard to tell where it was coming from. His shirt was torn and there was blood on his arm that was slowly drying but made a line down to bruised and bloodied knuckles.
“It’s hard to tell,” the doctor said, “the blood loss alone…”
“Can I… can I kiss you?” Dean asked, looking more vulnerable than ever and even a little afraid.
“Don’t worry about it, Dean,” Cas reassured. “He gets like that sometimes.”
It might have been stupid but he guessed Crowley’s would actually be safest. There was safety in numbers right? Also, the guys he was running towards hated the guys chasing him so he figured they would help.
“What?” Dean answered, confused.
Cas procured lube from somewhere and began prepping Dean after kissing him as a way to ask if this was okay. Dean nodded eagerly.
“Still not great,” Dean argued.
“Oh, don’t be like that…”
When he looked up, Dean snapped his eyes back to his book and felt his cheeks get warm. Dean didn’t know why he affected him so much and tried to focus on his homework. It was a stranger, he didn’t even know his na…
Dinner the following day was warm and delicious like the previous year, with the same family present. Gabriel and Balthazar both nearly crushed Cas when they came over and finally saw their baby brother.
“Works for me,” Dean said, keeping his answer simple so he didn’t cry.
“You showed me how to love too, you know,” Dean said, barely above a whisper.
“I’m sorry,” Cas said. “I spoke without thinking. I only meant I need to leave this place before it kills me.”
“Can I try?” Cas asked.
“Crowley was, yes. Michael was just looking out for me.”
Dean smiled bigger than he had in over a year and that wasn’t an exaggeration. He pulled his little brother into a bone-crushing hug.
“Don’t be cute,” Cas said with a small smile. “He’s also curious where I went.”
“Are you laughing at Gabriel’s car?” Cas asked.
Despite Cas shouting his name into the phone, Dean hung up. He had to do it. It wasn’t fair to Cas to have him hanging on to someone far away, someone who it was dangerous to be with. John could have hurt him and still could if he saw Cas again so Dean had to do this.
“There you are. Where’ve you been?” Dean asked.
“Cas, I’m…gonna…”
“Well, we want to bring someone. If he’s not cut out then he just gets to come to a party, all right?”
Dean looked up and caught Cas’s eye who blushed, hard. Those red cheeks made him nearly irresistible, but Dean held back from straddling Cas in his chair…
At that, Dean and Benny both took off running down the sidewalk in opposite directions.
“Winchester, twenty pushups,” Cas demanded.
“Been hoping we could do this again, you feel so good,” Dean said, hands trailing over every inch of Cas he could reach.
They picked up some food and brought it back to the room. The rest of the night was spent relaxing and talking until they drifted off to sleep.
“You okay?” Sam asked with a slightly smug grin.
“Are you…holy fuck,” Dean cursed, trying to get a glimpse of Cas fingering himself.
A week later, Charlie asked Dean if he wanted to work on their homework after class. Dean admitted they would need to go to the library since he didn’t have his own laptop.
Dean repeatedly thought.
“What? No,” Dean answered. He honestly wasn’t looking to start something out in public. In class or during drill was different.
He was handed some bedding and other items and walked in a line with the other guys who had arrived at about the same time down a hallway. They gradually split off into their rooms they were assigned to.
“Can I ask you something?”
Dean laughed. “It’s good to see you, man.”
“I had a great time today, Dean,” Cas grinned.
“Well, you two weren’t exactly quiet,” Sam grinned. It was a similar smug smile Cas had seen on Dean before. “And it was about time.”
“Hold on,” Dean said to the bailiff.
“You’re right,” Cas sighed.
Jess seemed great and Sam had somehow ruined what they had. Dean really needed to find him before anything else shitty happened.
help?” Cas asked, knowing the several people Dean could go to instead, his
Cas nodded and the two walked to the front door. Dean was determined not to be a chicken shit this time and finally give Cas his first kiss. He just wanted to make sure it was perfect.
“What do you mean it was Crowley?” Sam wanted to know.
Dean nodded.
“Enough,” Dean snapped and they got quiet immediately. “Ms. Novak, please.”
“Cas…”
“Come on, Cassie!”
“Huh.”
“Damn, Cas,” Dean said, a smile playing on his lips.
Cas shrugged like it was no big deal, charming smile causing Dean’s heart to speed up.
Dean finished to a loud applause and was at the back of the theater where he was able to drop the microphone with a flourish and run out of the theater. He didn’t stop running until he was in his usual hideout.
“Fine?” Bobby repeated with raised eyebrows. “You’re in jail, what do you mean ‘fine?’”
Now it was Cas’s turn to be taken aback. He would not have guessed someone like Dean swung both ways. He had a lot of bravado and over-the-top masculinity but Cas should have known better than to judge anyone based on stereotypes.
“They’re bringing him down from his surgery, you can visit him after he wakes up,” the doctor said before leaving.
“Pretty much as long as I can remember, yeah.”
“Right,” Dean agreed.
Dean just shrugged like he still didn’t get it. Cas was going to explain but Dean continued.
Cas paused and let Dean take that in as they ordered their meals, neither really caring what they actually ordered. They both stuck to water. Dean never touched a drop of alcohol if he knew he had to drive, not after what happened to John.
The two fell asleep together, blissfully in love.
“So good Cas, please, let me come. Let me come for you, Cas please,” Dean begged.
“You feel so good around me, Cas,” Dean groaned. “Fuck.”
“Dean,” Cas said, glad he didn’t start crying again, “At least, I think that’s it, he was the only one I was paying attention to.”
“Well, we’re kind of in this together.”
“I still don’t like this,” Dean said.
“It was my fault you were there, I couldn’t just let you get in trouble,” Dean said, trying to shrug it off.
Cas seemed to hesitate at Dean’s reaction but composed himself. He knew Dean had always been the more cautious one in their relationship but that didn’t mean he didn’t know Dean loved him just as much.
“Just saying, it would be helpful,” Dean answered indignantly.
“Her name’s Anna but brother? She could destroy you,” Benny joked as they began to run as a unit.
Cas drove his Lincoln Continental with Dean comfortably in the front seat back to Dean’s place for the first part of vacation. Cas was a little less enthusiastic about Dean going to meet the Novaks for the second part of break.
Dean didn’t really know how to respond to that and just kind of stared at Cas and kind of felt his mouth drop a little. Cas never seemed all that interested in women but he was all of a sudden very forward with the information.
Dean nodded. He understood Cas’s fear and really didn’t want to test the theory.
“I’m sorry,” they said together.
Cas guided Dean back to the bed.
, who are you?” Dean joked.
“That was nice,” Dean said, still confused. “You were nice to me.”
“I know I don’t. I want to,” Cas argued.
“I… what?” Dean asked, turning just a little red.
“Oh, I am,” he winked. “You know what Benny told me the first time I saw you and asked him who you were?”
“Yes,” Dean said shortly. “What’s there to do over here?”
“Uh, mostly?” Dean lied before he admitted, “no. I’m not.”
He got back to his thankfully empty room and got dressed before throwing himself into his homework. With Cas’s explanation earlier, Dean could handle it. As long as he didn’t think of what came after.
“How was the road trip?”
Cas collapsed from the effort on top of Dean, getting Dean’s come on his chest. Dean whined at the empty feeling when Cas pulled out, trailing come on Dean’s legs as he did.
“Yes, Professor Novak, I understand. I’m actually very interested in pursuing a career in…”
“I… the apartment isn’t available yet. Maybe we should point her in the direction of another place?”
“I guess I’ll just have to keep my fingers crossed till then.” He teased. “Let Charlie know if you’d like to order dessert and I’ll whip you up your own Winchester special. Enjoy your meal.”
Castiel smiled weakly, nodding, but he couldn’t quite bring himself to believe it. “Did you want to do it now or wait until after dinner?”
“No problem. I’m sorry I wasn’t there to stop it. Michael again?”
Benny charged forward, his own weapon drawn, but he followed Dean’s next command not to shoot.
Dean just shrugged, almost as if he was waiting for Castiel to catch up. Which he did, a few seconds later.
“I’m not entirely sure I’m not dead,” Castiel sniffled. He was sure he looked a mess, with a bright red nose and his hair sticking up on end. “Can I get a cup of Assam?”
“I’m sorry,” Castiel whimpered. “Dean, I’m so sorry.”
A warm hand touching his cheek was the only reply. Dean looked up at the tender touch, only to find Castiel’s blue eyes only inches away from his own. He licked his lips, trying to find the words speak, but soft lips covered his own and swallowed anything he might have said.
Castiel laughed again and took Dean’s hand in his own. In a matter of hours, they’d be married, ready to start the rest of their lives together. It was only fitting that they have the ceremony here, a place that had seen them through so many times of sadness, but also joy.
“Okay.” Castiel’s hands were trembling with anticipation, so he balled them into fists. “You still haven’t said how this could apply to us.”
“I can’t ask you to do that,” Dean sniffled. “All I want is for you to be happy.”
“Right here,” Castiel lifted the bag. “Beef and broccoli for you, and lo mein for me. You just get home?”
Mary smiled wryly, pulling her thick robe tighter around herself to combat the early-morning chill as she sat down opposite. “You think I can sleep when my son is in pain?”
long and Castiel hadn’t even made a mess. The last time Dean had made bread, there had been flour all up the cabinets for days.
“Any time now. What about Gabriel?”
“Never. But you should pack too, but light. Is there anything you can’t live without?”
“Order up! Table twelve, one sweetbreads, one pigeon. What is it, Charlie?” He asked exasperatedly, tugging his sleeve free from her grasp.
The fear kicked in full-force when he finally boarded the plane with unsteady legs. Looking around he caught a glimpse of his husband’s dark hair, but Castiel was gone before Dean could call out. Dismayed, because a little support would have been appreciated, Dean showed his boarding pass to the blonde flight attendant that was currently smiling expectantly at him.
Castiel shrugged, his face flushing. “Yes. But then he was all sweet when I was sick. He made me soup and took me home. He had to know I couldn’t turn down a date with him after that. But he didn’t even ask.”
Swallowing, he took an extra-large bite, reaching for some of the flatbread. “It’s so good,” he mumbled around the mouthful. “Best I’ve ever had.”
No meat or veggies that Dean could see at first glance.
“You ready to go?” Dean appeared beside him suddenly, minus his apron, and Castiel’s cheeks flooded with embarrassment. He’d barely been aware of where he was, all his focus had been on his soup.
He hung the phone up awkwardly, staring at it for a moment before pocketing it and reaching for his tea. He pulled a face at the temperature. Cold. Pursing his lips, Castiel rose to order a fresh cup. He’d even order something extra fancy, in defiance of his supposed colleague’s condescending tone about Castiel’s favourite tea shop. Thinking about it again made him grit his teeth, and he pushed all thoughts of the rude stranger out of his head as he headed to the counter.
“Mr. Novak, you’re no longer a student here, you cannot just barge into a classroom!” Principal Adler shrieked, his pompous, smug face now apoplectic.
“Very well. I will contact administration. I apologise for the interruption.”
“I can make something out of what you have,” Castiel waved him away, all but shooing him out of the kitchen.
“Mr. Cas! My uncle owns the best bakery in the whole world. He makes the
“What was with the rush this morning?” Castiel asked, the smoky flavour of the tea rolling over his tongue pleasantly. “Did you get a good Yelp review or something?”
Castiel took a deep breath, clearly steeling himself for what was to come. “I’m a virgin.”
“You’d be an idiot to steal from a cop,” Dean replied dryly. “Especially one you just assaulted with a deadly weapon. That’s not even a misdemeanour, that’s a felony right there. You wouldn’t even get probation, you’d skip straight to jail time. Nobody is that stupid. You steal from me, I bring charges for both crimes.”
“It is.”
,” Castiel whispered, his eyes closing in a desperate attempt to block out that last expression on Dean’s face. He wanted to remember the happier times they had together. “Please forgive me. I can’t go with you.”
“What’s lavender?” Claire asked. “Is it sweet?”
Dean wondered when he started seeing metaphors for his life everywhere, and if he’d one day he’d resemble those last dying flames, a shadow of what he once used to be, alone.
Charlie shrugged, but a smile tugged at her lips. “He’s the boss.”
“The cookies are done. I need to—yeah.”
“Hey!” Dean objected, sticking out his lower lip and giving Castiel a woebegone look. “I really wanted that.”
Dean leaned against the counter, braced on his elbows. “Well, we wouldn’t want that,” he replied lightly. “But as it happens you are special today. You’ve been randomly selected to taste test my possible new menu addition.”
The thought of making them again for anyone else made him sick to his stomach. As much as he cared for Benny, he couldn’t do it. What he and Cas had shared was something special. Something that only came around once in a lifetime. He’d tried to move on, and he’d found some measure of happiness with Benny. But it wasn’t enough. As much as it pained Dean to admit it, Benny wasn’t enough.
“Dean,” Castiel cleared his throat when his words came out even more gravelly than usual. He didn’t want to give anything away.
, as you called him, is actually my brother.”
Crowley rubbed his jaw and clicked his fingers, an ugly scowl on his face that was laced with smugness. Naturally, he wouldn’t do his own dirty work. Not when he had lackeys to do it for him.
Dean laughed, long and loud, his eyes lighting up with merriment. “I gotta admit, that wasn’t the reaction I pictured. I didn’t cross a line, then?”
Dean swallowed, feeling a small amount of embarrassment and shame. “Yes and no. You know about my parents. All I had was Sammy. I stayed with him, I raised him while putting myself through college. Then his acceptance letters started turning up and he’d gotten into Stanford. He didn’t apply for any of the local colleges, and it felt like he was running out on me.”
“No, we can’t. But we can choose how to spend the years we have ahead. I’m not suggesting we pick up where we left off. Too much has happened and too much time has gone by for that. But I know that I miss you, and I’ve had enough regret to last a lifetime. And I know I’d regret it if I let you leave without making it clear that I still care for you. I never stopped.”
Dean did so. “I didn’t mean to wake you,” he sighed, settling down at the table and nudging Mary’s cup towards her.
Castiel looked down at his food, suddenly really interested in twirling his noodles. “I already did.”
Well, that was intriguing. Although it did mean he wouldn’t be able to try the daily special, which had become somewhat of a tradition for him at this point.
was until I got to school and all of the other kids made fun of me.” He didn’t say how he’d kept his tears in all day, pretended to his mom and Sammy that everything was fine. How he’d cried himself to sleep every night for the first six months of school because nobody wanted to be friends with a freak without a soulmate.
“So then take him up on his offer,” Gabriel pressed. “It costs exactly one night of your life and then he’ll never bother you again. If you’re so sure you’ll have a horrible time.”
“I know,” Castiel replied, fiercely. “Just as I love you. I don’t need you to be made for me, Dean. I never needed you to be my soulmate. That’s why I never wanted to know. I’m happy with you. We might not be a perfect fit, but we fit perfectly enough. That’s good enough for me.”
curious…
The evening was cold, like the chill that had settled in Castiel’s stomach as he climbed the hill. When Dean had called and asked to meet him here, instead of either of their homes, he knew something had to be wrong. The second phone call had confirmed it.
“Because it’s true.” Dean told him quietly, his hands shaking so he balled them into fists to stop the tremors. “And you know that for yourself, because you kept this from me. I would have understood your reasons if you’d told me. At least for a few months. I’ve never begrudged you anything you need to heal from what you went through, have I? But you knew I would feel this way, and you chose to keep it from me.”
Castiel didn’t see Dean for the rest of the week. The weekend was a welcome reprieve, especially since he didn’t teach or have office hours scheduled on Mondays. It meant from Friday evening until Tuesday morning was his own time, unless he had a deadline he needed to meet. When Monday rolled around, there was still a lot of grading to do, so Castiel allowed himself the morning off, but intended to visit his office in the afternoon to collect the next set of papers.
house. I want to belong there too.”
Castiel looked pleased that he’d asked and nodded. Dean took the opportunity to lean in and press his lips softly to the corner of Castiel’s mouth, lingering for just a moment.
Castiel laughed, and picked up one half of his scone, the filling spread thickly across the fluffy surface. “It really does look amazing. I’m sure everyone will love it. It might even tempt me away from the daily special on occasion.”
Dean stared at the fire pit, and chose not to hear the sound of Benny leaving. He sat in the yard long after the darkness fell around him. His eyes fixed on the last sparks of the fire pit, the fleeting flames that still lingered long after the inferno had gone.
“Let’s sort out your albums. Gabriel bailed, right? I can help. Just tell me what to do.”
“Not bad,” Dean replied, stretching out a kink in his back. “You?”
Castiel Novak is your husband?”
“Anyone would think you were waiting especially for me,” Castiel commented. “I might start to feel special.”
“There’s another class in there, Professor Novak. A Physics class, I think,” Alex piped up.
“Barbados. Until next Thursday. Dean, I’m sorry, there’s nobody else…”
“I’m sorry,” Castiel mumbled, getting up to kiss Dean’s cheek awkwardly. “I didn’t mean to push you. I’d rather we made it work here, I was just trying to be practical.”
As she and Dean made plans, Castiel felt himself wonder how he could have been so wrong about Dean all this time. He’d misjudged him, but now he knew better. He wouldn’t make that mistake again.
Castiel shook his head. “No, just spending time with my brother. He’s got a sweet tooth and wanted to know where I keep getting the pastries I’m always raving about,” he nodded towards his brother, who practically had his nose pressed to the glass of one of the display cases, eyeing the goods inside.
Overcome, Dean gathered Castiel into his arms and hugged him tightly. “Hey, there’s nothing pathetic about you. You went through a lot and you need to take time to heal. Why didn’t you wake me up if you were struggling? You don’t have to be alone.”
“Sounds good,” Castiel said eventually. “But I want some veggies on there.”
Everything was set to be perfect. The beers were chilling in a cooler between them as they sat in Dean’s backyard, the grill heating up, waiting for the lovely filets Dean had chosen especially. A domed fire pit sat between them, the orange glow of the flames a lovely match for the sky as the evening began.
Beside him, the redhead—Charlie, Castiel remembered—was already ringing his order through the register. “That’ll be seven dollars exactly.”
“Maybe we could get those drinks to go?” Gabriel mumbled, as Castiel stalked out of the door, shoulders locked with tension and his legs feeling suddenly wobbly.
“—that you were her teacher? Yeah.” Dean clenched his jaw and looked away, and Castiel felt his mouth go dry.
He set Castiel boots under the radiator, switching it on. It wasn’t cold exactly, but Dean knew Castiel must be freezing. When the sound of the bathroom door opening and closing drew his attention, Dean headed up to gather up the wet clothes. He replaced them with some sweatpants and an oversized t-shirt that used to belong to Sam. It would be too big for Castiel, but it would keep him warm.
Sam stifled a laugh as he watched them, inevitably being reminded of Jim and Daniel.
"Hey Dean", Castiel stopped him by placing his hand on Dean's shoulder. Dean turned around to look at him disapprovingly. "What happened to him..that was my fault", Castiel explained with a rueful voice, "It was necessary, but doesn't mean I don't regret it. It doesn't mean that I don't wish that there could've been another way". There was a tinge of vulnerability to the angel's voice as he said the last sentence. Even if he didn't show it all the time, he cared about people and the ones that he couldn't save were especially tough for him.
". He put a special emphasis on the last two words, before he hissed "Just stop".
, when have
Cas knew that it wasn't true and he felt the strong urge to just grab Dean by his shoulders to shake some sense into him, to make him understand that he deserved everything good in this world. That he deserved to be loved and that Cas would give him everything, if he would only just ask for it.
But more than anything, he wanted to save his family. Jack.
to me".
He wanted to encourage him to keep fighting, because he was sure that they would find a way to deal with Michael.
"Okay, Sam", Dean answered as he hugged his brother. He wanted them to find a solution together, however, he demanded that if things didn't go as planned, that Sam and Castiel should accept it and do what they weren't ready to do now.
He dried himself off and put on some clothes, before he ran his fingers through his wet hair. His attempts to style it failed miserably, but he couldn't be bothered to wash it again, so he left it as it was, some strands sticking out in random directions. Nothing seemed to go smooth today, so why would his hair be any different?
"I thought you loved this song", he teased him and chuckled, but Dean wasn't up for his shenanigans.
"Good morning", Sam replied throatily, as soon as he had recovered from his coughing fit. Cas threw him a disoriented look before he let his hand run over Dean's shoulder affectionately and sat down next to him. The gesture wasn't anything new, because this was something that they would occasionally do even before things had gotten more serious between them, but with the new context, the level of tension between them felt bone-crushing and Sam once again wished for the ability to just vanish into thin air.
Dean laced his fingers through the short hair at the nape of Cas' neck and pulled him closer to peck his lips. Their lips brushed against each other's softly, as Cas gently nibbled on his lips.
It wasn't a confession, but it was close enough. And as if Sam had needed yet another proof to know that he had been right, Cas entered the kitchen, his hair looking even messier than usual with random strands of hair sticking up in all kinds of directions. He was wearing sweatpants that were riding low on his hips and a Led Zeppelin shirt that definitely wasn't his own. Sam almost choked on his coffee when the angel said an ever so casually "Good morning" to him.
to kill it and it made his head ache.
The words just spurted out of his mouth like an unexpected hurricane and he regretted what he said immediately, even though it was the one question that had been burning on his mind for the entire night that he had been sitting by Castiel's side, waiting for him to wake up.
"Very funny, guys", Dean scoffed meekly, his usual cocky bravado entirely gone, as he stumbled out of the room, flustered.
..it really is". Sam tried to look into his brother‘s eyes, but Dean didn‘t look back. He was fighting the nervous rush of heat, as a rosy blush started to creep up his neck, quickly spreading all the way up to his cheeks.
"Because, according to your
Everything about this deal was so ambiguous and right now, Dean was afraid that he wouldn't be able to save the angel from his fate. That he would fail him
Still, there seemed to be something about this situation that Dean hadn't quite grasped yet and Sam had a hunch what it was. So he took a heart and decided that this might be the right time to confront his brother about the one thing that they never openly talked about.
"No, it's okay. I'm good. Honestly." He assured Sam and took a sip of his coffee. "All right. I'll grab Cas", Sam announced as he got up from his chair. Dean pointed his finger at him, before telling him "Mm. He actually left". Sam turned back around to face his brother, "What?". Dean looked up at Sam and elaborated dryly "Early this morning". He had hoped that Sam wouldn't challenge him any further, but instead, he looked at him in confusion, as he asked "Why?".
After some discussion with Sam, they agreed that they were running out of options, even though they were both bewildered by the fact that Nick had called Jack
Dean chuckled at the angel's joke, "Sure thing".
"The next time I try to pull a move like that, remind me to use a door that's made out of a soundproof material", Dean complained. Using a solid metal door to trap Michael inside of his head might have seemed like a smart decision at the time and in terms of safety, it was definitely an improvement towards the unstable wooden door from before, but the dull clanking sound of metal as Michael banged against the door was getting increasingly unbearable.
"Anyway, I‘m sorry that I‘ve interrupted you guys. Maybe you should just give him some time to lick his wounds and talk to him in the morning. This is a matter that you should settle between the two of you and I promise that I’m not going to interrupt", he said, but instead of leaving it at that, he added with a wink "..whatever it is that the two of you might be doing".
Warnings: Mentions of dubcon kissing.
"Did you just-", Castiel asked with a sleepy voice, but Dean interrupted him. "Watch you sleep?", Dean chuckled genuinely and his whole face lit up with it, "Yeah, I know..it's creepy, right?". The angel breathed a gentle laugh. "How long did I sleep?", he asked, still wondering why he had slept at all, because he was an angel and that meant that he didn't need any sleep. It didn't make sense. Dean turned his wrist in order to take a look at his watch. "Just a solid twelve hours", the hunter answered with shrugging shoulders and Castiel's eyes widened in shock.
Except this time, it did. Cas was a part of his family and he cared for him. But still, there wasn't any deeper meaning behind this. There couldn‘t be. He wasn‘t gay after all.
, he was like a brother to Dean.
"You‘re not suggesting what I think you are..", Dean asked with raised eyebrows, but when he looked into Castiel's eyes, he felt like he already knew the answer, "Wait..are you?". Cas shifted from one foot to the other in a restless gesture that mirrored his inner turmoil. "I believe I am", he said hesitantly.
It was
"I'm fine, really", Jack interrupted him, before he continued to explain, "Besides, you have sacrificed your soul to the Empty for me and I couldn't just let you die before you even had a shot at being happy".
Cas was here and right now, this was all that he needed to know.
Warnings: Hints at 14x16.
Lucifer was standing just opposite him, mere inches separating the two of them, as he observed the hunter smugly like a cat that was about to play with its prey.
an angel blade, Dean-", Castiel groaned as he rocked his hips to grind up into Dean's hand, "-and it is
Sam hadn't told him anything that he hadn't already known deep down in his heart, but hearing these words suddenly made it all the more real. Now that these words had been put out in the open, he couldn't pretend that he wasn't aware of the fact any longer and he realized that pushing it all away sure as hell hadn't gotten him anywhere either.
Warnings: Angelic posession. Blood, violence & fighting (canon typical). Minor character death.
Castiel was devastated that Dean was denying him completely, but he tried to not let it show. It was eating him from inside, but he realized that there was nothing he could do now without driving Dean even further away. So he decided to bottle it up like a real Winchester.
Cas hissed through his teeth as Dean disinfected a wound on his chest with alcohol. Luckily, he didn't have to sew the wound up, because this would have meant even more pain for the angel and Dean wasn't sure if he could have handled seeing the pain in Castiel's eyes when he was the one causing it, even if it was just in order to help him. Dean had already hurt the angel enough, so he was grateful that he didn't have to cause him any further pain, physically or emotionally.
Now the words and sensations came rushing by him faster and faster.
When the tension that started to build near the base of his spine almost became too much, he grabbed Cas by his jaw, pulling the angel up until he felt his delicious weight on top of him. Dean kissed the brunette feverishly and when he could just barely feel the angel's erection brushing against his, he realized that Cas was still wearing way too many layers of fabric.
"You're an idiot, you know that?", Sam snarled, but his brother just kept smiling at him like a fool. "That's exactly what I've told him", Cas affirmed, before he turned towards Dean again, "I can try to use my powers to heal you, but I don't know if it's gonna work. You've made quite a mess of yourself"
Dean couldn't stand the helpless and heartbroken look on Castiel's face. Tears started to dwell in his eyes and he felt guilty for the cruel question that he had just asked. What had he been expecting anyway? He knew that it had been a risk to allow Cas to go inside his head and he knew that there was a good chance that Michael had tried to manipulate him. But he had trusted Cas and even now, in this messed up situation, he didn't regret that he had confided in him for a solitary second.
So it seemed like now the angels would finally get what they had always wanted. Even if most of the angels that had tried to persuade him of this crazy idea were already dead or had fallen. Well, everyone but
His newfound obsession didn't go entirely unnoticed. Dean could feel that Sam and Cas were growing increasingly suspicious as to why he spent so much time with his nose buried deep inside what had to seem like random books to them. That's what he hoped at least..God forbid if one of them were to find out about his actual plans. Dean couldn't afford to be distracted and he surely wouldn't be kept from going through with his plans, so he tried to remain as inconspicuous as possible, even if it was hard to explain why he had quit binge-watching his favorite TV shows in order to focus his attention on books. But at least he could pretend like he was trying to find a way to restore Jack's soul.
Dean swallowed dryly. "O-okay", he managed to answer, when his mouth was finally functioning again, "Let's do this". There was still some kind of reluctance in his voice, but he knew that it was the right thing to do. Maybe he would finally be able to open himself up to Cas if he was relieved of the only other thing besides the angel that was constantly occupying his mind.
"Yeah", Dean answered and emptied the whiskey glass in a single gulp before he sat up on the side of his bed, patting on the empty space beside him. Sam accepted his invitation to sit down next to his brother and gave him a questioning look, but Dean spoke before he could even think of something to say. "So?", he asked and Sam could clearly smell the alcohol in his brother's breath. Sam furrowed his brows with an interrogative look on his face. "Oh c'mon, Sam, I'm not an idiot. I know you're here to talk", Dean said.
The memories slowed down for a bit. He saw Dean standing next to Bobby and Sam as they were in the middle of a heated discussion. "This is Cas, guys. I mean, when there was no one.. And we were stuck - and I mean really stuck - he broke ranks. He has gone to the mat cut and bleeding for us so many freakin' times. This is
Castiel stood next to Dean and looked into his eyes. Dean stared back and it felt like he could really see the angel's eyes for the first time, because it was only now that he realized how beautiful they were. "May I?", Cas asked fondly. Dean just nodded and closed his eyes in agreement. Cas put his fingers on the wound on Dean's cheek. Dean winced with pain at first, but then he could feel the tickling sensation of Castiel's healing powers running through him, as the pain gradually faded. When he was done, Cas caressed Dean's cheek and Dean shivered under his gentle touch. Then, sooner than he would have liked, the warmth of Castiel's hand was gone and his face wasn't hurting anymore.
"Ol boaluahe elasa", Castiel whispered out of breath, his voice cracking at the last word, before he collapsed onto Dean's body, sweaty and sated and panting heavily.
Now that this wall came crushing down right in front of his eyes, he didn't know what this all meant for him. Was he gay? Bisexual? Did any of these concepts even apply when it came to angels? Right now, he wasn't sure about anything anymore. The only thing he was sure of, was that he had a whole lot of apologizing to do. He wanted to do right by Cas, to treat him like he deserved to be treated and he sincerely hoped that it wasn't already too late for that.
"No", Cas answered with his dry and sassy humor, "You're still living on planet earth and I'm afraid that you're now stuck here with me". Dean chuckled and leaned his forehead against the angel's, still looking into his eyes dreamily. "I hope that's a promise, sweetheart, because there's no place I'd rather be", he whispered, before he leaned forward into his space to kiss him gently. Once. And then again.
, Deans voice shot through his head again.
When they were done, Dean cleared his throat before he turned towards Cas again and asked, "So, what are your plans for today?". Cas looked up at the ceiling as if he was considering his options. "I don't know yet", he finally answered, "I could do some more research about restoring souls or I could try to contact God again-". Dean interrupted him, "Or..you could watch a movie with me".
The angel slid his tongue around the tip of Dean's twitching cock, lavishly licking over the slit and he could feel the greedy moan from the hunter more than he heard it. When Cas looked up at Dean again, the hunter delightfully bit his lower lip, his gaze constantly fixed on the angel, who was determined to coax all kinds of erotic noises from his lover.
The brothers followed him and Castiel ordered Dr. Rashad to get out. He was confused at first, but complied after Dean told him that they were not going to discontinue the treatment if there was a chance that Donatello could fight through this.
. Dean frowned, but he couldn't hide the sheepish smile that spread on his lips, when he saw the way that Cas innocently tilted his head. "I said - and listen closely this time: I love you too, asshole", Dean answered brazenly, not willing to admit defeat. However, Cas reprimanded him by grabbing two fistfuls of the hunter's flannel shirt as he pulled him closer to kiss him recklessly. Dean could feel Cas' mouth hungry and desperate against his own, as the angel's teeth grazed over his chapped lips. Dean could get used to this kind of punishment.
He looked at himself in the mirror. The dark circles under his eyes made him look even more worn out than usual and the wrinkles on his forehead accentuated his grumpy morning mood perfectly. He ran his right hand over his tired face and let his index finger linger on his lips. It was as if he could still feel Castiel's kiss there.
"LUCIFER!", the voice thundered. Dean ducked his head and used his hands to shield his face from the black boiling liquid that leashed out at him and he could feel the aggravating rush of heat that radiated from it on his skin. "Bring him to me", the voice demanded fiercely. "O-okay", Dean said meekly, before he gathered up his strength and spoke up again, louder and more confident this time, "So that's it, huh? I kill the devil and you'll release Cas from his deal? Sounds like a bit of an uneven deal, don't you think?". "You have heard my conditions", the voice growled devilishly and before Dean got a chance to protest further, another wave of the black liquid dragged Dean down with it and everything faded to black again.
"Cas..I don't know what's going on inside that crazy head of yours, but..I haven't done this before either..you know..with a guy, I mean..but..I trust you", Dean said reassuringly, before he added cockily, "And if I'm allowed draw any conclusions from the way that you just made out with me..sue me, but I highly doubt that anything that you might do could be anywhere near uncomfortable". Cas sighed in relief and the tense muscles in his body visibly relaxed as Dean pulled at his bottom lip, his lips hot and dry. The angel leaned in to the kiss and even though he didn't have any experience in this area, he decided to let his undying love for this man guide him. Besides, it wasn't as if he hadn't read one thing or another about sex while he had spent the nights alone in the bunker, researching human behavior to understand the Winchesters even better. Cas ran his fingers through Dean's hair and pulled him closer by the nape of his neck to deepen their kiss.
"Guys", Sam interrupted. They both turned around to face him. "Check this out", he said as he fumbled with his phone. "Okay, so, a couple days ago, Donatello started making some, uh, random noises. Uh, Dr. Rashad thought he might be coming out of it, so he shot this video". He turned his phone around to show them the video.
Cas worked his finger deeper into Dean, gently twisting it, before he slowly pulled it almost all the way out, just to push it back in, more smoothly this time. After a few slow thrusts with his index finger, the angel gently added another finger. When Cas experimentally crooked his fingers, Dean could see stars dancing behind his closed eyelids, as his pain gradually turned into pleasure. "Aaaah, fuck..yes", the hunter pleaded, "Yes, Casss..ahh, right there, babe".
. His brother, his handsome and loving angel boyfriend and their adoptive nephilim son were all the people that he needed to make his little family complete. His life still sure as hell wasn't a fairytale. It was far from that. They all constantly screwed up and had to sweep up their messes after each other, but in the end they would always forgive and help each other to become better people and
If he hadn't been an angel, Castiel would have blushed as well as he felt the tingle of butterflies that were flapping their wings around in his belly. It was true that he had gotten a lot of attention from Dean lately. That things had gotten better between them. But a crush? Cas hadn't been interpreting all that much into the things that had happened in the last few weeks, but if even Sam thought that Dean was into him, maybe it wasn't all that absurd after all. As Dean's brother, Sam would know.
Even though Sam didn't know what was wrong, he could feel that Dean was easily irritable right now. He went to the kitchen to prepare the dinner as Castiel set the table. Dean was sitting at the table with crossed arms and kept frowning at the wall with an empty expression on his face. He shivered every time the angel walked along behind him as he set down the plates and cutlery.
Cas' punchline had been good, Dean had to give him that much credit. He only wished that he hadn't used his newfound humor against him.
"Dean, I-", Castiel lamented, but it was too late.
However, Cas was still concerned about Dean, because this was only a temporary solution to keep Michael silenced for a few hours to give Dean some well deserved rest.
"Get some rest", Cas whispered against the hunter's hair as he rested his head on Dean's cautiously. The angel loosened his embrace and helped Dean to get into bed before he pulled a blanket over the hunter's body. Dean smiled at the angel before his heavy eyes fell shut.
As he slowly came down from his high, Dean grabbed two handfuls of Castiel's angelic ass to pull him closer with each thrust.
Jack saw a boiling black fluid that suddenly assembled in the middle of the abandoned building, where Nick had hidden. The fluid slowly started to warp into the form of a human body, before it manifested itself as a dark angel with two enormous wings. "I can see him", Jack cried, his face contorted in agony, "Lucifer has risen from the Empty".
is what I call comfort food, Sammy", Dean teased his brother, "You would do bloody well to draw some inspiration from that the next time you wanna fob me off with some friggin' green smoochie". Sam chuckled amused, "You know that it's called a
me, Cas. This thing isn‘t just about me, it’s about the fate of the whole friggin' world and I can't take these headaches anymore. It feels like Michael could be bursting through that door at any time"
of all people?
Ocassionally, Cas would even find the hunter spread out on the sofa, sleeping, with an open book still resting in his hands. On these occasions, Cas would cover Dean's body with a blanket, before he would take the book that Dean had been reading from his hands. He would eye the book suspiciously, before eventually ending up shutting the book and placing it on the small table next to Dean when he failed to make any sense of it. It wasn't easy to figure out what Dean was up to, because whenever the angel managed to catch a glimpse of the contents of a book that Dean was reading, the topics were so completely different and unrelated to each other, that it was hard to find something that they could all have in common.
, in fact - had ridden up just enough to bare a bit of his hipbones. Dean bit his lips but he couldn't bite back his smirk, as he asked, "Do you even know how damn sexy you look in these sweatpants and that Zepp shirt?".
As soon as Sam had arrived back at the bunker and was filled in on the situation by Jack, he immediately started to hit the books, trying to translate the words that Donatello had said. Suddenly, he realized that he remembered a few of the words. They were from the bible. "It's Peter. Peter 5:8. Here", he said to Jack, pointing at the paragraph in the bible. "Be sober, be vigilant, because your adversary the Devil, as a roaring lion walketh about, seeking whom he may devour", he recited with a tense expression on his face.
Castiel already felt a lot better and his wounds didn't hurt as much today. He could even feel the familiar tingle in his body, which told him that his angel mojo was slowly restoring itself. It would surely take a few more days, but he was definitely on the road to recovery.
Dean parted their kiss in order to take Castiel's free hand in his, as he put the angel's digits into his mouth. He sucked on the angel's fingers eagerly and it sent another spark down to Castiel's groin. By the time Dean released the angel's fingers from his mouth, they were wet and slippery with his saliva. Castiel took up on the cue and let his fingers slide between Dean's ass cheeks. He slowly teased the wet pad of his index finger around Dean's hole, gently prodding it, before he finally dipped it into the hunter's hole.
A few days later, Jack, Castiel, Sam and Dean were working on a case again. After a long time of unsuccessful research, they had consulted Rowena, because they had reached a dead end. Sam and Rowena had combined their efforts to identify the monster, which turned out to be a gorgon. The witch had told them that they had to be extremely careful, because the gorgon's venom could paralyse humans. Apparently, this gorgon in particular could also see people's fates, so it had always seen them coming, which had rendered their previous efforts to catch it completely useless.
Frankie goes to Hollywood - The Power of Love
Dean closed his eyes to fight back the tears and rested his head on the angel's shoulder. He took comfort in Castiel's proximity and even though he didn't do anything specific, he was
's for years now, but he knew that he couldn't hide his true feelings from the angel any longer. Castiel had been inside Dean's head and the hunter could still feel a faint trace of Cas' pulsing grace glimmering inside him. He didn't know exactly how much Cas had seen inside his head, but he was certain that he would be able to see right through Dean's bullshit. And even if he wasn't, Dean genuinely didn't want to lie to Cas anymore.
"Mr. Winchester", the angel proceeded and looked at Sam. "and..the other Mr. Winchester", he turned around to face Dean, the anger audible in his voice. Even though Castiel tried to maintain his professional behavior as to not blow his cover, Dean could feel that he was boiling with rage underneath his facade. Although it was uncalled-for right now, Dean couldn't help but being flustered by the commanding tone in Castiel's voice and the way he kept in character.
After all that Cas had gone through, he deserved to be happy and even though the situation with Jack and his soul was kind of messed up, they would get through this. They would find a way to help Jack eventually and, considering the fact that he was still able to show his feelings, Dean doubted that his soul was completely gone yet, so they still had some time left to take care of that.
And yet, it was true. Whenever he had thought that his life had become bearable, maybe even a bit happy, it was like he got another punch in the gut. When would this neverending downward spiral finally stop? Would it ever? Or was it his destiny to be an arrogant and insensitive asshole, who drove everyone that he loved away?
Sam looked at him in confusion.
Jon Bon Jovi - Blaze of Glory
Back in the bunker, Sam went to Jack's room to talk to him in order to identify how much of his soul was still left. In the meantime, Dean was tending to Cas' wounds, that weren't healing on their own like they used to. Although Jack had managed to get Castiel back to the land of the living with his powers, Dean could feel that the angel still wasn't back to his old potential.
Cas frantically knocked on the door to Sam's room and stormed right in before he even gave Sam the chance to answer. "Cas?", Sam asked alarmed as he was torn from his sleep and looked at Cas in the dim light. "Sam", Cas spluttered, his eyes filled with worry. "What's going on?", Sam inquired as he stood up from his bed and walked towards the angel, mindlessly running a hand through his disheveled hair. "It's..it's Dean", Cas stuttered and his whole body trembled violently. "Cas", Sam said, his voice both worried and demanding as he grabbed a hold of Castiel's arm and realized that it was wet, "Why are you all wet? What's..what's going on with Dean? It's okay, Cas. It's okay. Breathe. Just..just tell me everything".
It was a stupid kiss, nothing more. After all, Castiel was an angel of the friggin' lord and even though he had already learned a lot about humans and their behavior, he sometimes still mixed things up. Maybe this was just some kind of overreaction, because he had been so angry with Dean.
"Unless of course..", Dean breathed against Cas' lips in an intoxicating voice, as his hand deliberately brushed over the visible bulge in Castiel's trousers, "..this is just an angel blade in your pocket and you're not happy to see me". A low and greedy sound spilled from Castiel's mouth and he closed his eyes as Dean began to rub over his hardened erection teasingly.
He walked towards his Dean cave and held the door open for Cas, who followed shortly after him. The two comfortable armchairs in front of the television were standing closely together and Cas sat down on one of them while Dean rummaged around in his DVD collection.
Castiel managed to catch it before it could fall, holding the wet plate and Dean's wrist in his hand. "Thanks", Dean said as he looked at the angel flustered. "You're welcome", Cas countered dryly.
What was
Dean walked towards the kitchen and poured himself some coffee. "Mornin' ", he muttered to Sam as he went to sit down at the table. "Good morning, sleepyhead", Sam babbled in a voice that was way too cheerful for this time of the day, "I left some eggs and bacon on the stove for you"
Written on the page were the usual facts about angel possession. Dean was quite certain that he had already read this very book about a dozen times when he had done the research for his plans to kill Lucifer. "But that‘s the stuff we already know, Cas..you have to say yes, but once you did, there‘s no going back-", Dean observed, slightly annoyed. He didn't understand how this was supposed to help them in any way and he already assumed that this was Castiel's way of stalling him until Sam would come back and they could talk him out of this together.
Castiel went to Jack‘s room, treading slowly and carefully. He could feel that his angel mojo was low and that he was weakened, but at least he was safe and out of danger for now. The wounds he had gotten during their fight were still hurting, but thanks to Dean's careful treatment, he was already feeling better. He would just need a bit of rest to restore his powers and then everything would be back to normal quickly. But first, he needed to talk to Jack to see if he was alright.
Cas cautiously entered the room and sat on the empty spot on Dean's bed, right next to where the hunter was lying. "Good morning", Cas uttered in a soft voice and Dean wielded his blanket in order to sit upright next to the angel. "Hey Cas", Dean muttered before he stretched himself out, his arms still slightly shaking with his discomposure. "I just wanted to tell you that I'm sorry about yesterday, Dean", Cas began, as he looked into the hunter's eyes, "I didn't want to push you into a corner and with all that has happened, I can understand if you don't want to do this".
Dean watched Cas' adam's apple bob as he downed the whiskey in a single swallow, apparently entirely unaffected by the sting of alcohol in his throat. The hunter licked his lips absentmindedly as his gaze followed the angel. Cas retrieved an old book from the shelf and set it down on the table, before he started to flip through the pages. Dean craned his neck to lean over Cas' shoulder and scanned over the page with his eyes, but had to move closer because the font was too small. Or maybe it was just the influence of the liquor that made him feel the need to be a bit closer to Cas.
Then he vanished.
The atmosphere between them was charged with something that Dean couldn't quite put his finger on. Uncertainty and helplessness hang like a heavy curtain of fog in the air between them. Dean tried to figure out what to say next to resolve the awkwardness of the situation, but he couldn't break away from Castiel's beautiful eyes that were swallowing him whole like deep blue oceans. What was he supposed to say anyway? He had this unerring way of always saying all the wrong things in all the wrong situations, so why would it be any different this time? Dean didn't want to ruin everything again and yet he felt like it was his place to say something. He could feel Castiel's unease as well, as the angel smiled nervously.
He guessed that on Dean's part, it was mostly due to his unnecessary need to prove to himself and to others that he was the man that John Winchester had wanted him to be. But he wasn't. In fact, he was a better man than their father could ever have raised him to be. But somehow, Dean still felt as though he wasn't good enough and Sam knew just how completely impossible it was for anyone to show him love or appreciation, if Dean wasn't willing to accept it. He was just too damn stubborn and more than that, he was in utter denial about his feelings for Cas.
And before he could do anything about it, Dean's conscience was pushed back into the last corner of his mind in an all-consuming rush, all the way back to his illusion in Rocky's bar with Pamela Barnes.
Thinking about the angel made him carry on, even though he was already holding on for dear life, his knees feeling like they would give in any second now. His whole body was trembling and he felt like he was about to explode. Just when he thought that he couldn't keep Michael's powers up any longer, he reminded himself of his ultimate goal and imagined what it would look like for Cas to be happy.
Dean wasn't able to think straight, but he didn't need to, because Cas was here and he was oh so close to him and it was all that mattered right now. He let his instincts take over as he pulled Cas closer and kissed him feverishly, taking everything that the angel had to offer, because Dean had already been holding this back for way too long. He couldn't get enough of Cas and a sudden familiar twitch in his pants brought to his attention that he wanted to feel even more of the angel.
Dean was annoyed. Why couldn‘t they all just understand what was at stake here? This was the best shot they had at beating Michael and the whole world was on the line. Millions of lives of innocent people. In the bigger picture, his little miserable life didn‘t matter and especially Cas, an angel with a life expectance, that was so much higher than his, should be able to understand that.
In the small cone of light that fell through the door into the dark hall, they saw a weakened creature that was crawling across the floor, whimpering. As they came closer, they could see the creature's blue eyes that faintly glowed in the dark. "It's a Djinn", Sam observed astonished. "Looks like someone beat the crap out of it", Dean added admiringly. In this moment, the djinn gripped Dean's calf and pulled him down onto the floor. Dean tried to kick the Djinn away with his feet and groaned in pain as the creature crawled up beside him to lash out at his face. He wrestled with the Djinn to distract it and threw Sam a quick look. Dean tried to buy his brother some time to prepare everything they needed to kill it.
Dean didn't even realize that he had fallen asleep, but he knew that he must have been dreaming when he found himself surrounded by a black and empty void. "Hello?", he called, but there was no answer and not even an echo to be heard. He walked through the dimensionless darkness, but no matter in which direction he went or how long he continued to walk, the empty space that surrounded him still looked the same. The only sounds that he could hear were his own heartbeat and the sound of his unsteady breathing. Even his footsteps were completely inaudible, as if he was levitating.
Dean sighed as another wave of guilt rushed over him. For a moment, he wasn't sure what to say, so he just took the angel's hand in his. "C-Cas, look..I'm sorry", he stammered eventually, "..for everything".
Warnings: All the smut. Kinda fluffy and romantic, but very explicit. Top!Cas. Handjobs, blowjobs, anal sex, dirty talk, Cas' dom brow, teasing, swearing, Cas speaking Enochian, cuddling, love confessions and everything that you could possibly wish for, because I care for you guys like that. <3
Cas couldn't hold back the noises that started to escape his mouth any longer, his animalistic moans alternating with Dean's name and an occasional swear word. He was overwhelmed with all these new sensations, that being buried deep inside Dean Winchester brought with it. He had thought about this for a long time, but even his wildest imaginations didn't even begin to compare to the real deal. He pulled at Dean's bottom lip, biting it teasingly until the hunter made this low, animalistic sound in the back of his throat that sent another bolt of pleasure straight to his groin.
And this was exactly why it all hurt so much. Why Dean couldn't stand the thought of Cas sacrificing himself yet again. Castiel had always given everything, without ever getting anything in return. Especially Dean had never given him anything. No thanks, no recognition..no
The first time Dean had heard his voice, he had covered his ears.
The uncertainty made him crazy, but right now he was too weak and too tired to get to the bottom of it. At long last, the fact that he hadn’t gotten much sleep in the last few weeks became noticeable and he fell into an uneasy sleep.
Warnings: Spoilers for 14x16 (canon divergence), homophobic slur.
"Hello brother"
Dean's voice sounded disappointed and Sam seemed to pick up on it. He sat down on the armchair next to his brother, where Cas had been sitting just a few minutes ago, and looked at his older brother. "It's about his deal, huh?", Sam inquired and Dean rubbed his eyes.
his precious food with Cas, something that he hadn't done
He tried to shake the thoughts from his head and closed his eyes. A vibrating sensation buzzed through his skull and there was a jarring sound ringing in his ears. It only lasted for a few seconds, before Cas removed his hands and Dean sighed at the loss of contact. For what it was worth, the loud thumping sound in his head was gone and he just felt a little dizzy.
Dean read some of the Men of Letter's records about demon and angel posession, but they were all kind of vague. The one thing that they all seemed to have in common though was that strong willpower and determination was needed in order for a vessel to regain control. Some of the Men of Letters even claimed that they had used a strong and happy memory and had concentrated on that with all their might in order to defeat the creature that posessed them.
Castiel came back to conscience inside Dean's mind. It was completely dark and all that he could hear were the loud, metallic thumping noises that made his head hurt. Now that he felt the same pain that Dean had been going through for the last couple of weeks, he felt even more guilty for not being able to help him any sooner.
It was pointless.
Dean and Sam had been lying on the floor, injured but out of any immediate danger, so Jack had instantly rushed towards the petrified Cas to help him. He had fished the antidote from the pocket of the angel's trenchcoat and had poured a few drops into his mouth, but nothing had happened. Desperate to lose him, Jack had touched Castiel's temples with his fingers in order to heal him with his powers, burning off even more of his already injured soul. Castiel had woken up from his stupor, but he was clearly weakened. After the brothers had recovered from their fight, they had helped Cas to get into the Impala and driven home.
When the silence became unbearable, Dean lifted his head to look into Castiel's eyes and, in lieu of better ideas, asked the most stupid and irrelevant question in the history of questions, because he was at a fucking loss and he was avoiding the topic like the damned coward that he was, "But you gotta tell me, Cas..why didn‘t you think of this earlier?".
He could have lost himself in the mossy greens of Dean's eyes that had seen so much. In the wonderful constellations of freckles on Dean's face that told stories of pain and loss, of tears and heartbreak, of family and friends, of confidence and strength.
Sam rummaged around in their backpack, unbagging a preserving glass full of lamb's blood and a silver knife, while Dean was groaning and struggling behind him. He dipped the knife into the blood quickly and approached the Djinn from behind. Then, he stabbed it in the back determinedly and it winced in pain, before it fell to the ground in a pile of smoldering ashes. "Adios", Dean muttered before he got up, breathing heavily, and knocked the dust off his pants.
Just in this moment, Dean walked along the hallway, intending to check in on Cas when he overheard the conversation between the two. The door to Jack's room stood open, so he leaned against the doorframe, as he listened to Jack, who was still sitting on his bed with his back to him. "You know, you are the closest thing that I have to a father and..I just didn't know what I would do without you"
The angel poured the remaining coffee that was left in the machine into a fresh cup and handed it to Dean. Dean took the cup and smiled at him, sipping the hot coffee as he turned on the hot water and put a few drops of dishwashing detergent into the sink. "Strong enough to kill a horse", Dean commented, gesturing towards his cup. "Just as you like it", Cas remarked, which earned him a low chuckle from Dean.
It felt like he had finally found the missing piece, that he hadn't even realized he had been looking for. Cas made him feel like it finally all made sense and now that he knew it, he never wanted to stop kissing him again. They had to make up for so much lost time and so he deepened their kiss by tilting his head, his nose lightly bumping into Castiel's until they got the angle right. Dean felt the scratch of the angel's stubble against the pad of his thumb, as he slowly ran it along Cas' jaw. The roughness of it grounded him in a way that he couldn't describe, it felt foreign and yet so familiar, but most of all, it felt
ever declined the chance to save someone we
, right?",
"Woah woah woah, hey", Dean exclaimed and held out his hands to support the angel, "Easy there, Cas, you've only just come back".
He softly dragged his bottom lip along Castiel's before he pulled back a bit, his breath rushing warmly over Castiel's mouth. Dean looked at Cas admiringly, his lips prickling from their passionate kiss, his brain drunk on his love for the angel. He took it all in - the way Castiel's skin was glistening with sweat, the way his cheeks were tinted in a rosy hue from the heat. The angel's dark hair looked even messier than usual, with strands of hair sticking up in random directions where Dean had ran his fingers through it and his lips were reddened and swollen from kissing.
Nobody had ever said things like that to him and he didn't know how to deal with the way that it made him feel. Dean had never believed that he could actually have the things that he secretly craved and it hit him like a freight train, because he was still convinced that he didn't deserve any of it. Cas had said all those sweet words that he had never even dared to dream about and that made him feel like he was floating on cloud nine, but if he was being completely honest, they still managed to frighten the ever living shit out of him like no demon or monster ever could.
"You know I've..I've never..not like that", Castiel stammered excusatory and looking into Dean's mossy green eyes, that gleamed in the dim light, didn't make it any easier to keep his voice from trembling, "I mean..I want to. Just..just tell me if I'm doing anything that makes you..uncomfortable". Dean twined his arm around Castiel's waist and let his forehead rest against the angel's as he looked into his deep blue eyes.
"You wanted to talk to me", spoke a voice that was so deep that it made his bones tremble. Dean looked around himself and precariously gestured his hands in front of his body. "Uh..um..yeah, I guess", Dean stuttered in confusion, "I'm..I'm Dean Winchester". Dean continued to look around as he frowned, trying to figure out where the voice was coming from and when there was no immediate answer he added a shy "Hi".
"Ooh, a bit shaky on your legs now, are you brother?", Lucifer asked him with fake pity. Dean looked down at his own body and saw small spurts of blood flooding from his stomach, where Lucifer had hit him with his angel blade. Dean's body was cringing with the pain, but he ground his teeth together to push it aside. There were more pressing matters that he had to deal with right now, so he balled his hands into fists on either side of his body and kept pushing Michael back, who was already struggling to get the upper hand again.
"Are you sure, Dean?", Castiel asked, his breathing a bit heavier now as he began to understand the full extent of Dean's proposal. His whole body was prickling with anticipation and with the way the hunter's hand felt - so near to his crotch but still not close enough - he wanted to take Dean right there and then. Still, he couldn't help but clarify, "I mean..I'm glad that I could help you, but now that Michael's gone..you know..you don't
Maybe a hunt would be just the right thing to distract Dean from his thoughts.
, Cas had just said the softest and most fucking beautiful words that Dean had ever heard in his entire goddamn life and that he was sure he didn't deserve and there he was, crying his fucking eyes out like the sorry sap that he was.
They arrived back at the bunker about one and a half hours later, due to the massive traffic. Dean looked down at his feet as he trodded down the bunker's stairs tiredly. His eyes lit up in amazement as he saw who was sitting at the table of the war room. "Cas", Dean said, his voice soft and humble. After everything that had happened, he hadn't expected the angel to come back tonight..or at all for that matter. He hadn't exactly been looking forward to return to the cold and empty bunker, but now that he saw Cas, it felt at least twice as good to come home. Dean still looked at the angel in disbelief, relieved that he hadn't scared him away for good.
And then there was still the fact that Cas didn't have all too much experience with human behavior. Of course he knew Dean better than most people by now, but he also had the problem that he didn't think of himself as worthy, even though he had proven it on more than one occasion. His self-doubt didn't have quite the same self-destructive qualities as Dean's, as far as Sam could tell at least, but they still didn't make it any easier. Cas was apparently still completely oblivious of Dean's feelings for him and even though he had already pointed out their more
"Mr. Browning?", Sam asked, interrupting Dean's thoughts, "We're Sam and Dean Winchester. We're friends of Jodi Mills". The dark haired man held out his hand, mustering a smile, "Just call me Jim. Please come in". Dean and Sam both shook his hand and followed him into the house. They sat down on the sofa and Jim brought them coffee and some biscuits. Dean's gaze lingered on Jim for a second before he cleared his throat. "So", Dean started, "Why don't you tell us everything about your friend that has gone missing?".
Castiel had just entered the bunker again, his trenchcoat dripping from the rain that was pouring outside, when he felt a sudden bolt of electricity running through his body. Everything went black and he heard a thunderous voice rambling inside his head. "Congratulations", the voice growled at him in a strange, yet familiar accent, "You're free. Be happy. Do whatever. I guess I'm gonna see you soon anyway". And just like that, the voice was gone again and Cas came back to consciousness in the bunker's war room.
Cas laid his palms on Dean's temples and the hunter closed his eyes. "There won't be a next time, you idiot", Cas exclaimed, half anxious and half furious, as Dean felt the angel's healing powers surging through him. "I'll make sure of that", Cas added as a warning and the determination in the angel's deep voice made Dean shudder, although the hunter wasn't entirely sure if it was just because of the fear of what the angel might do to him if he tried, because he could also feel a familiar heat that started to spread low in his belly.
The angel filled up the whiskey glass about four times as much as you're supposed to fill it, which earned him a scoff and an ironic chuckle from Dean. "Seems like the idea that you‘re about to propose is a bit risky, eh?", the hunter joked, temporarily distracted from his mission.
Dean rolled his eyes and blushed immensely. Of course his oh so funny brother had to appear out of the friggin' blue right in this very moment. Sometimes Dean felt like it was Sam's sole purpose on this earth to embarass him. He wanted to clarify the context of what he had just said in an attempt to defuse the situation. "Not like that, Sam. More in an..angelic, possessive kind of way", he said, but just as the words had left his mouth, he realized that, if anything, he had made it much worse.
Dean's thoughts trailed off for a good second as the images of the events that had transpired in this exact spot a few weeks ago filled his mind. He could almost feel the touch of Castiel's soft lips against his and it took him all his self-restraint not to give in to his desire to push him against the wall and kiss him.
Dean.
"Yeah, of course", Dean answered, "Meet me at the Impala in 10, you can bring me up to speed on the way"
Dean closed his eyes and sighed. Had he done something wrong? Was he going too fast? He had been so sure that Cas was interested, so he had tried to make a move in his direction, but it failed. Maybe the angel wasn't ready yet to forgive Dean for all that had happened and he could understand that all too well.
"Sam, I know you're just trying to be reasonable here and it's probably the right thing to do", Dean murmured, his voice mirroring the hurricane of feelings that was roaring inside his mind, "It's just..I don't get how he could be so stupid and careless. We all know that making a deal like that..it never ends well. He should've talked to us at least". Dean's voice was sounding more and more desperate with every word that he said, the pitch of his voice a bit higher than usual. He reached over to the nightstand to grab the whiskey bottle for a refill, but Sam took the bottle before he could. Dean grunted and rolled his eyes, but he didn't resist.
Speaking about food..after Dean's fight with Lucifer, Cas had gone through the whole tiring process of preparing homemade burgers
Because maybe he wasn't the powerful and confident hunter that he had always thought he was. That his father had raised him to be. Dean had always tried to be strong for Sam. For his family. But he was only human. Deep down, he had always been vulnerable and insecure and he had tried to hide it behind a strong wall of manliness and self-confidence.
Dean's sudden clumsiness whenever he was around Cas was a whole topic to itself though. That particular morning wasn't the only occasion where Dean had almost dropped an entire stack of plates. Much to Sam's amusement, Dean would sometimes even forget about the placement of their furniture when he was too busy staring at Cas to notice that he was bumping right into a table. Of course Dean would blame it all on Sam for ever so slightly displacing the piece of furniture in question, but Dean must have known as well as Sam just what a lame excuse that was, because Sam had done no such thing.
Sam rolled his eyes and shook his head in disbelief, before he continued "All right, check this out. I just got an email from Jodi. A close friend of hers, that doesn't live too far from here, went missing under mysterious circumstances and she asked us if we could look into it"
"It is a bit vague, but I think this might be our best shot", Cas added, his agitation obvious in the way his voice slightly trembled.
However, a note that the gorgon had written for Dean had revealed that he could in fact see Dean, Sam and Rowena coming, but he couldn't see Castiel and Jack. So they had decided that Cas and Jack would be approaching the gorgon Noah on their own, even if it was risky. Rowena had tracked him down using her tracking spell and had also mixed up an antidote to the gorgon's poison, "In case one of you boys gets clumsy", as she had told them.
Dean sighed inaudibly as he saw the honest and uncontrived smile on Cas' lips. He could feel an unfamiliar tingle low in his belly that he hadn't felt in a while.
His knock on the door was much softer than usual. "Yes?", he heard the angel's low voice answer from inside. Dean opened the door, but kept standing on the threshold, shifting from one foot to the other. He kept his gaze down as he spoke, his tone tinged with remorse, "I understand if you don't want to see me right now..I just-". The angel looked at him and smiled. "It's okay, come in", he interrupted him with a soft and forgiving voice, "I'm actually glad to see you".
"Tell me about it", he answered and threw a meaningful glance to Sam, who pressed his lips together and swallowed his anger before he followed them along the corridor.
When everything was set, Dean decided that it might be best to mentally prepare himself for the task at hand. He thought about the times that he had already been posessed by demons. It had always been hard to gain the upper hand again once he had been posessed, but with demons, it was relatively easy, compared to angelic posession. Michael, on the other hand, was something else entirely. He was so strong that it had been nearly impossible for Dean to hold him back, so he would need all of his willpower to pull this off.
, he thought, but he couldn't care less right now. Not when Cas was buried so deep inside him that it pushed every bit of rational thinking right out of the window. He met Castiel's thrusts midway by pounding his hips upwards. Dean experimentally clenched his muscles around his lover's cock and the sound that came out of Castiel's mouth sounded far too sinful to even have come from an angel. "Fuck", Cas groaned, as he pounded even faster into Dean's ass.
Despite his pain, Jack could see blurry pictures flickering before his inner eye like a vision. It felt like his blood was boiling inside his body, but he tried to focus. He could see Nick as he stroke a match and threw it into a bowl that contained Nick's own blood and the shirt, that had Jack's blood on it. As the flames devoured the contents of the bowl, Nick was uttering the Latin incantation.
“Go back to school. Try to make your mother proud,” John said, turning a sour look towards Cas.
Dean was running out of time.
“I didn’t say you could leave,” Castiel replied, leaning back in his chair and looking content with himself.
“Home? I mean, whatever you want but you’ve tangled with that asshat before and…”
“I was trying to move on, start a life. And then you keep calling and bringing me back to that night…”
“Is this…uh, Dean?” a nervous sounding woman asked on the other line.
Internally, Dean was fist-pumping and hollering but externally he just let out the breath he had been holding.
With a lot of Sam’s help and convincing, Dean planned on telling John when he went home one weekend in late February. Dean tried to visit home as much as he used to but it became harder to leave campus now that he dated Cas. For this, though, Dean didn’t want Cas to be there in case John reacted unpleasantly. Dean still struggled with the fact that he was dating a guy and he really didn’t want this to complicate things. But, John was his dad and should know.
They finally got there and were both pretty tired and rode in mostly silence. Cas rested his head on Dean’s shoulder again and couldn’t remember ever being happier. After being bounced foster home to foster home through most of his childhood and having the only constant in his life be Gabriel, this was a nice change.
“I’m on a break at my conference,” Cas said so Dean took that as a yes.
John looked impressed that Cas put his son in his place like that and Sam agreed that he was proud of his big brother. They clinked their glasses together and drank to their accomplishment.
“Nothing will happen to him,” the other voice replied.
Cas didn’t give a shit. He had Dean in front of him and he wanted to kiss him again since Dean dropped him off Saturday night, police and better judgment be damned.
“I can’t use the payphone in town because I can’t leave campus today, uh… too much to do. I think I can come home and visit next weekend!”
“I’ve never been in one that was this great,” Dean smiled.
“Okay. I’ll see you soon. Bye.”
Jess:
Dean felt nervous and unsure and must have looked it.
“Good luck with that,” Cas smirked. “They run this place, remember?”
“I am not the bad guy here, Dean,” Cas retorted.
The same lips that wrapped around the vodka bottle and could wrap around other things…
He smiled, a gentler one than Dean had ever seen. The smile, softness of his gaze and his hand sure in Dean’s helped him banish any doubts or worries. Cas wanted him, only him, and Dean felt the same. Fighting it did no one any good.
Dean blinked a few times to let those words sink in. He couldn’t believe what he heard since he didn’t think Castiel cared enough to defend him, but his actions said otherwise. The guy who had everything had bothered to stick his neck out for Dean. Maybe Dean’s feelings weren’t so one-sided after all.
“Yeah, it is,” Gabriel snapped. “You’re a big brother, right? Don’t you look out for your little brother, no matter what?”
There wasn’t enough alcohol to get Dean to talk about his mother, right here or probably in the world. He also wasn’t too happy mentioning his father.
Dean gave him another kiss and then said good-bye.
“Fuck,” he said, now wide awake as it hit him. “Cas, get up!”
Sam gave him a nod and walked around to the driver’s side of the car. Memories of Dean doing the same thing flooded Cas’s brain and he almost didn’t say what he wanted to Sam because of the distraction.
“To what?” Cas teased, grabbing Dean’s ass.
“Then…”
“You cost me ten bucks. I bet Dean here you’d take ten more minutes to come over here,” Benny said, still smiling.
The Winchesters never had wealth, by any means, but those words stung. The guy didn’t have to rub it in that Dean was lower class.
“You always go home with people you just meet?” Cas said, breath hot in Dean’s ear.
Dean smiled. Maybe Castiel wasn’t used to be flirted with or didn’t want Dean to flirt with him but Castiel’s reaction was funny to Dean either way in his buzzed state and he laughed a little.
The races started at nine sharp. It had gotten dark and was still pretty warm out, but getting cooler.
“Come in.”
One day when Dean came from work, John was already sitting at the kitchen table since it was his day off. In his hand was a letter and Dean could see the KU logo. He swallowed hard and braced himself. Surely, the new and improved John couldn’t last long and Dean was ready for a fight.
“Singer Auto?” Cas asked, judging by the sly grin on his brother’s face. “And?”
“Something funny, Winchester?” Henriksen asked since Dean snickered again at the mental image.
“Michael’s guys?” Dean asked. Jake nodded.
Cas clenched his fists and realized the thought of Dean having ever been with anyone else, even though he’d seen it before at the Roadhouse, made him angry. And jealous.
“Come on,” Cas insisted. “You had to have tried something besides vanilla…”
“Dean?” Sam asked, rubbing sleep out of his eyes and sitting up. “What…How’d you find me?”
“Exactly. You’re such a sap but I love that you remember,” Cas said, grabbing one of Dean’s hands. It was dangerously close to “I love you” but still carried a similar sentiment.
“I suppose.” Cas shrugged.
“Yes,” Dean breathed.
, Dean. Yes!” Cas answered enthusiastically. Dean slid the ring on Cas’s finger and kissed him amidst polite clapping from other people in the restaurant.
“Oh yes,” she said icily. “The songbird from the talent show who wants to sleep with my son.”
“What are you going to say?”
Before either Samuel or Deanna could react, Dean was heading up the stairs to find his brother. Cas stayed in the living room with Dean’s grandparents, figuring Dean needed to talk to Sam alone.
“Dean, can I ask you something?” Cas asked.
Cas’s eyes roamed over Dean’s body, making him shift from foot to foot. He really seemed to like making Dean squirm and it was almost getting annoying except for the fact that it also made Dean a little bit hot all over.
“Oh thank God,” Charlie said, her smile matching her friends’.
“I know,” Cas said, “your face was genuinely surprised to see me.”
“You’ve met them. How do you think they’d react?”
“I’ll have more birthdays,” Dean answered. “This is special.”
“No way, I’m sure I look great,” Dean said, helping Cas up.
“Dean, do you trust me?” Cas asked, hands still.
Dean knocked on the door and Cas let him in, grinning ear-to-ear. He shut the door behind him.
This plan had Sam’s interference all over it and Dean didn’t appreciate the shock. It was hard enough trying to get over Cas without having him right in his face without warning.
Dean:
Spinning the dial on the safe in a few combinations of the mansion’s address, Dean thought about how his whole life could change soon. With the debt settled, they could make a clean break. In a stroke of genius, he tried the address backwards and the safe sprung open.
Castiel’s stomach lurched. He pushed away the feeling of horror, guiltily. This was about Dean. “There’ll be some sort of scholarship or financial help you can get for having a dependent—”
Castiel glanced over at Dean, who had a fond smile on his face and a strange look in his eyes. “The silliest,” he said at last. “We’ll just have to show him that strawberries are the best, huh?”
“Just tell me where to go,” Dean gave him a brief smile and looked away.
Castiel gave him a watery smile, not fooled by the casual offer, but Dean hadn’t expected him to be. He knew Castiel would fight him about paying for things like this in the future, but tonight was different.
He felt nervous as Castiel nodded, taking a deep breath. What was so bad that Castiel felt nervous about telling him? Had his ex-partner turned up? Had Castiel decided to go back to him?
Grabbing one of the other boxes, Castiel faltered a moment at the weight, but he heaved it into a better position on his shoulder. “Pontiac, Illinois,” he grunted. “So not too far from you. You weren’t kidding about your mom packing up your entire house, I think I just found the mini-fridge.”
“Already?” Dean frowned. “It’s barely after nine.”
“We’re at a gas station about half a mile out. Don’t come until I get there.”
His eyes flew open and he arched backwards in fright. “Son of a bitch,” he wheezed, clutching at his chest. “Don’t
Castiel came over, joining Dean by the kitchen window and peering out into the blizzard.
Castiel lectured quietly but with no less passion than if he’d had his full classroom. He commanded the attention of all his students as he talked about the origins of the Romantic poets. Coleridge. Shelley. Keats. Byron.
Castiel looked like Dean had just swept the rug out from under him. His blue eyes, that Dean loved to stare into, were foggy and filled with pain. “How can you say that?”
Dean could do nothing more than stare at the printed ink, his heart thudding wildly in his ears. What? Was this meant for him? How many Castiel’s could there be? He lowered the newspaper slowly, his eyes wide in shock.
Castiel nodded. “I might not have known why it was such a big issue for you until now, but I knew that I never wanted to hurt you that way again. As soon as you left me in the restaurant, I terminated the lease and bought out the remaining two months. I love you, Dean. I need you to know that we’re in this together.”
“Hey.”
“I don’t have time,” Castiel whines, getting up to grab some Doritos, unable to wait for the lasagna to heat up. “Dean, I don’t have time to take those kind of breaks, do you know how much I have left to review?”
“Yeah, I love her like she was my own,” Dean admitted. “Jody brings her by every week and she tells me all about her week and I let her make a batch of cookies to take home.”
“You do belong there.” Dean felt truly at a loss for words. “I can make changes, Cas. We can redecorate if that’s what you want.”
“Yes,” The man whispered, flinching as the handcuffs circled his wrists. “My pack…”
Castiel shrugged in response. “Sure.”
He disappeared into the back before Castiel could ask anything else, and he returned to his tea, taking another sip. He only looked when some off-key singing drew his attention and Dean stalked from the kitchen holding a tray and singing Bon Jovi at the top of his lungs. A grin spanned his face from ear-to-ear.
He thought no more about the bakery as he arrived at work, and when his first graders arrived, he was far too busy to spare Morning Sunshine a second thought. But as he left school that afternoon, he found himself moving with haste.
With a heavy sigh, Dean lifts up his head and signals the bartender to pour him another.
Not just because he liked snow – which he did, he was like a child whenever there was a sprinkling of snow in Kansas – but because of what it meant.
Silence met his words. Well, that was a promising sign at least. Castiel had another job interview today, maybe this one had been successful. Finding a job that he could balance with law school was difficult, but necessary. Their savings were running out quickly and Dean’s salary alone wasn’t enough to pay the bills.
The words affected Dean more deeply than he cared to admit, and he was already feeling pretty raw from talking about his abandonment. “You mean that?”
Dean sighed and took Castiel’s hand, squeezing it gently. “I know this isn’t the fix you wanted. I know you want a job so it’s not all on me to keep a roof over our heads. But honestly, I’d rather work two jobs and let you have a bit more time to find a job of your own than move in with my mom and put pressure on her. I can manage my time for now, I’ll make it work.”
He watched Benny lead him to the custody reception and felt a sense of conflict within himself. This didn’t feel like doing his duty at all. This felt like failure.
“There is always a revolution.” Castiel froze, his shoulders locking with tension as he heard the reply come from behind him, recognised the authoritarian tone of his father, a
“Nonsense,” Benny talked over him loudly, the twinkle in his eye growing more pronounced as he turned towards the kitchen door. Apparently Dean had gotten to him, too. “Dean, there’s a patron here who wants to pass on his compliments.”
“I wouldn’t say disappointed,” Castiel corrected him. “Confused, maybe. But it’s… different. He doesn’t hit on me anymore. He talks to me like I’m just another person.”
He panics.
“Auditions?”
Castiel leaned in and gently pressed their lips together, before pulling back and ducking his head shyly. “I should probably wait for the ceremony before we do that again, huh? Are you still worried?”
“Then you practically had your mom adopt me when my parents disowned me,” Castiel continued like he hadn’t heard Dean’s interruption. “You helped me fill out a million application forms and made sure I was never alone for any of the holidays or breaks. Then you got
“I’ll take you up on that.” Castiel somehow managed to carry the box up the stairs and into their dorm without needing to take a break. He set it down at the foot of Dean’s bed and rolled his shoulder, recovering from the burden.
Dean agreed, although he still felt the burning disappointment that Castiel still planned to go ahead with his idea of moving out. It had been six months since he’d taken the apartment, and only a month since he said he felt ready to move out. Their relationship had blossomed, loving and healthy. Dean had never been happier, and he was sure Castiel felt the same. To him, it felt like they would be taking a step backwards if Castiel moved out again. It wouldn’t be that long before they’d end up taking the next step and living together again.
Castiel laughed breathlessly in response, pulling Dean in for a second kiss, and a third, and a fourth, until he lost count entirely.
“And now?”
The door to the classroom burst open and Gabriel strolled in. His usual trademark grin was gone, his expression solemn except for a slightly manic look in his eyes. He scanned the classroom, his gaze finding Castiel easily. His head jerked back towards the doorway, signalling for Castiel to follow him.
Dean softened and reached across the table to take Castiel’s free hand. “That’s not gonna happen. I’m careful and you know Benny has my back. Let’s talk about something happier. You know Benny’s cousin Elizabeth is coming to town? She’s looking for a new apartment. I figured we could point her in the direction of yours. It was spacious and cheap right?”
He emerged with a sick note that wrote him off for the entire week, despite his protests that he couldn’t abandon his kids so close to the end of the year. Doing nothing never really sat well with him, Castiel preferred to keep busy. And he loved his class. It was Jack Kline’s birthday on Friday, he didn’t want to miss it.
He returned to the kitchen, a wide smile on his face and returned to work. A little while later, Charlie stuck her head in the kitchen and called for him.
to pay our bills when we were in grad school and I was struggling to find employment.”
“Hi Cas! I was just getting to know some of the people here, have you met Dean?”
When he was finished, he allowed Charlie to take his plate and refill his wine, and picked up his pencil thoughtfully.
A twinkle in his eye, Castiel turned his attention back to the chef. “No, I’m just not allowed to tell you if I think it tastes good. Technically. You’ll have to wait for the review to be printed.”
There was a moment of awkwardness, where Castiel could see Dean brace himself and knew the answer to the question before Dean even opened his mouth.
“I’m not pushing!” Dean exclaimed, throwing his hands up in exasperation. “Have I ever said that you can’t move out? Didn’t I tell you that I would help you move your stuff and get Benny to come too? You want to run away so bad, Cas, I’ll help you do it, but don’t get mad at me for trying to understand why.”
Only one student remained, staring around at the empty yard with a slight wobble to her lip. “Mr. Cas, I don’t see Jody.” She tugged at his sleeve, tears threatening. “Am I gonna be left here all alone?”
Castiel wanted Dean to take care of him, and that was something he absolutely could do.
“What do you think?”
They’d become fast friends since then. Dean found a companionship in Castiel that he hadn’t even realized he’d been missing. They had fun together, educating each other on their favourite movies and trying new experiences together. Dean had eaten snails for dinner a few nights ago – they were delicious until he found out what they were – and Castiel spent some time each night listening to the Zeppelin mix tape Dean had made him.
They reached his car and Castiel stood in front of the driver’s seat, blocking Gabriel from getting inside. Even from here, he could see all of Gabriel’s belongings scattered in the back seat and overflowing from the trunk. He wasn’t kidding around.
“Hey, anyone here?”
Realisation dawned on Castiel and he stared at the man for a moment. Now he knew, he definitely recognised the deep, accented voice from the earlier phone call. Reaching into his drawer, he pulled out the dated cell phone and slid it across the desk.
It was just a sarcastic comment, a friendly joke that Castiel had been made the butt of. Normally he’d be the first one to laugh that off. But today he didn’t want to. Castiel had been looking for an excuse to crack skulls all day and now he’d found one.
