“Oh, so you’re the vengeful Alpha that’s the cause of all this fuss?” He asked, voice slimy and chipper.
“Lick,” he commanded. Immediately, the omega started lapping desperately at his Alpha’s hand, getting it nice and wet.
As they walk through the kitchen doors, Devon remarks, “Did you see the guy they put in Jaime’s section?”
And his arm was whole. His arm was back. His life was back, he could hunt again, run again, hold again.
“It’s okay, Sam. We don’t have to talk about it. I won’t put you in the position to have to deny it.”
Castiel’s hands roamed over his shoulder and stump, making small, gentle whimpers. “Dean, what happened to you?”
"Who are you?" Dean whispered to himself, breathing in the scent of the wild Omega's hair. This was a god, a beam of celestial light, a creature of unimaginable power, yet it wanted to be held in his arms. To be told it was loved.
“Don’t fish for compliments, Dean. You know I’d happily tell you exactly what I think of you in any outfit.” Cas lets his head fall to the side so he is looking directly at him. Cas prefers him natural, just Dean without any ornament; but he is spectacular when he’s all glammed up, too.
Castiel froze for a moment in shock, before warming up at the feeling of Dean gently nuzzling into his shoulder. “I must say I’m surprised to find you here. I was sure you’d forget, or not bother.”
She watched the two disappear out of sight as she stroked her feline. “Look at them, Beelzebub. Helpless saps, the both of them. It’s disgusting,” she said with a sigh. “At least they’re both hot.”
He just about punctures the bread instead of spreading on the bacon jam when Dean explains, “You would prefer to continue your education and become a teacher.”
“What are you doing over here, Castiel?” Uriel’s deep voice comes from entirely too close to his ear. Cas jumps at the sound, too distracted by Dean to realize that his employer was just about cuddling him.
He needed to get Dean to a hospital. A torn Omega in heat was serious - without medical help, he could inadvertently maim himself without being able to help it. As it was, even if nothing like this had happened, by the end of heat Dean would be fucked almost raw. With a torn channel?
Sliding his VR goggles on, he takes note of the power level with a frown before he opens his book. His goggles are the only luxury he allows himself. Energy packets are expensive, but he can’t live without them. Goggles require precious energy, so he must keep working to be able to afford them. As he sinks into the biography of the artist, John William Waterhouse, he smiles. To him, the sacrifice is totally worth it.
Dean searches his face, finally deciding that Cas is truly receptive to him. “Do you ever think of us together?”
“Oh, so he isn’t completely idiotic,” Rowena said, stepping away as Pamelia took her place. “Why else do you think we had Pamelia’s crows track you since you left Megara’s house?”
Dean took in a deep, shaky breath. "Are you the curious little Omega I met? Wild and free and full of life, eager to see and try everything? Could that possibly be you?" He said, gripping him tighter. "Are you my Castiel?" He said, body melting and softening, curling around the familiar creature in his arms. "My Castiel, my Castiel,” he whispered into his love’s tousled hair. “Oh,” Dean said, love filling his heart. “My Castiel. My little Cas.”
He keeps catching sight of Cas and Sam in the crowd, but they are both busy placating other people. Cas is given deference that no one of his position is typically given. He just commands that respect despite his servant uniform. The thought of his capable, confident lover makes Dean smile for one quick second.
Castiel briefly explained to him everything he needed to look out for, how to search through the feathers, how to spot pinfeathers, and basically if Castiel asked him to do something to just do it.
“No!” he shouted, eyes wet as he looked up at his wolf’s stump. The stump that was going to cut his wolf’s life short.
The delicacy on the plate is the most delicious thing in the world. Warm apple pie a la mode. If Dean believed in a god, it would be because of this dessert. Only an omnipotent creator could conceive of something so divine. He picks up his spoon and cuts the tip off of the slice, being sure to catch the drip of melting ice cream.
Cas watches Dean swallow hard, knowing how vulnerable he must feel. He thinks about what Dean said and finds that the situation sounds exactly what Dean said - perfect. He could be paid to spend time with Dean. There would be no questions asked about them, no one’s eyes condemning them. Given time, Dean might come to want more from their friendship, and he would be accessible. Available to whatever Dean wanted. That is a dangerous road to go down, but he can’t help the sudden hope.
“Are you daft or just mad?” Crowley spits. “Modesty forbids it. You will not take advantage of him in that way.”
Cas peeks over at him again under cover of his lashes. “He’s being almost pornographic with that pie. How could I not pay attention?”
“Ben!” Dean shouted, voice destroyed, eyes wet, reaching out for his son. His dying son. He needed to get to him. He needed to hold him. “Ben, please…”
When he finishes the slightly bitter drink, the empty glass is whisked away to who knows where. The doors are opened ahead of him, so he doesn’t break his stride once along the winding path back to his dressing room. Crowley is already there with Naomi. They greet him like a conquering hero rather than a singer, but he isn’t going to question it. He loves this part of his career so much more than the rest. There is an honesty to being a musician that he loves, especially now that they trust him enough to pick his own songs.
Jules is leaning in to air-kiss his cheek, and Dean stifles the urge to shove him away. “You’re looking lovely as always, Jules.”
Fascinated, Dean moves closer, trying to see the car underneath the vegetation. “How did they move?”
It tingled through his shoulder, down to the end of his stump, where there was suddenly almost an unbearable pain. Yet it felt so good.
That is, until today. Today, when Cas got home from work, Dean embraced his Alpha tightly as hot tears streamed down his face.
Cas nods and continues his description, telling Dean of all of the half-crumbled buildings, metal vehicles that are only patchy rust surrounding the trees growing through them, and dozens of animal species that are flourishing without human intervention.
Dean glares at him until he closes his mouth. He turns a less antagonistic look on Cas. “You can’t regret this. Please, Cas. It was the best night of my life. Don’t tarnish it by thinking that it shouldn’t have happened.”
Cas bottoms out, coming to rest on Dean’s lap. Placing his hands on Dean’s thick shoulders, he grinds slowly into a figure eight. Dean’s eyes close with his mouth fallen open.
At his words, everyone breaks out of their daze and scurries back to their jobs. Crowley may be harsh, but Dean can’t argue with his results.
“You shouldn’t be alone. Fell creatures roam the forest during a Black Moon, and even some Alpha wolves will take advantage of a lone Omega such as yourself.”
. With a shake of his head, he was awake, suddenly aware of a sweet, intoxicating scent permeating the house, thick and heavy.
Finally, Dean dared to look towards where the brightness had once emanated, only to once again see the small, graceful form of Castiel, reaching for the amulet and his bearskin cloak, its matted blood falling away to pristine newness, before donning them both.
Sam isn’t technically allowed a relationship this early in his life, but his sponsors would probably allow it if they could spin it to make money. With Eileen, though, there would be no leeway. She is considered disabled because she is deaf, and the disabled are not allowed to marry or reproduce for any reason.
Castiel dodges around a corner and uses the shadows to his advantage. Staying perfectly still and letting his long, black wig cover his face, he is as close to invisible as he can hope to be. Schooling his rapid breathing takes concentration, especially as his heart beats chaotically. He refuses to be caught because his panting gave him away.
“Of course, sweetheart. Everyone should see it, and maybe one day they will. But, for now. I’m happy to share it with you.”
The wolf shut his eyes for a long while. “Castiel,” he said, very gently, holding his love’s chin in his hand, finally opening his eyes to meet the Omega’s own. He had such beautiful blue eyes. “I’m weak and wounded. You know what that means.”
“You’re the one who touched me,” he said, spreading his palm out against the Omega’s as warmth and love and gratitude coursed through him. “You lit my fire. You touched my hearth. You prayed to me. It was you.”
Dean is mesmerized by everything Cas is showing him. They hiked from Cas’s valley this morning so that he could show Dean the remains of a city somewhat nearby. They have traveled a few miles so far, but Dean has not once been bored by the long walk.
Samuel is also of the Yumeijin caste, of course, but his aptitude has always been sports. Futbol is the only sport of consequence in the country, and Samuel Winchester is the star of its southern regional team, La Pantera. Dean loves to tease his hulking giant of a brother by calling them La Pantera Rosa, but Samuel has never seen the cartoon, The Pink Panther, so he doesn’t understand the reference. It still makes Dean smile.
The Alpha forced himself to stop, allowing Dean to continue kissing down the side of his face to his neck, sending a shiver down his spine. He let himself collapse backwards onto the bed, his Omega on top of him, clawing at his dress shirt buttons. Cas watched as Dean finally undid his shirt, kissing and nipping and licking his way down his chest.
But Dean couldn’t help himself. His soul yearned for Castiel. His love. No matter how little the hope, Dean would always return to the lake.
Dean isn’t sure what he thought a home set inside a decontamination chamber was going to be like, but he did not think it would feel so homey. He looks around, gazing at the full shelves that take up at least half of the large room. Paintings are stacked together with cloth carefully placed in between. Books are stacked from floor to ceiling, pillars of actual knowledge that make Dean smile.
“Now you calm down and stop talking. You’re just going to make it worse,” she said, sternly. “Don’t be an idiot. You can always see this Castiel again.”
Dean is playing with bravado he doesn’t really possess. Humor has always been his coping mechanism when things feel out of his control.
“Then what’s wrong?” Dean asked, holding onto his mate who seemed to be trying to climb up him, only to keep losing grip and falling. Fortunately, Dean held onto him tightly.
Sam smiles with him, a little of his brother’s hurt smoothed over by a favorite joke. “Yeah, I wish,” he chuckles.
“Oh, it’s sunrise!” Castiel said, looking to the east as soft pink rays peeked above the horizon. “I must leave,” he said, climbing off of Dean’s lap.
“I can’t walk around like this,” Dean calls ahead. Looking back at him, Cas realizes that he’s right. There’s no way that he can walk through town with a demon. It would call entirely too much attention. Tapping his hand on his thigh as he thinks, Cas finally points down the street.
“Cas!” Dean shouted, struggling against the druid’s hold on him, heart broken within him, tears streaming down his face.
“Mr. Trenton. It is wonderful to see you again.” She gestures for him to have a seat at the bar in front of her.
“Yeah,” he calls back into the fray. He can’t see who is yelling for him, so he continues picking up drinks from the service bar and placing them stably on the tray. When he sees who it is, his temper flares. This particular hostess has been on his nerves since she started. She is young and beautiful, and that seems to be the entire resume of her skills. She doesn’t do one iota more work than she has been explicitly asked to, leaving even more work for the overwhelmed servers.
Jimmy gasped and shoved his and his twin’s heads beneath the water as torchlight broached the bank of the river.
Castiel mewled at the feeling, the stretch of it as Dean opened him up, moving around inside him as if searching for something. “Yours,” he responded.
He felt sick. Felt sick that this was happening, that someone was doing this. That part of his heat-addled mind almost wanted it.
“You feel so good, Cas,” he breathed. “Are you ready?” he said, almost vibrating with the amount of willpower it took to stay still.
“And nothing. I’m doing my job. If I steal a few moments to talk with a friend who came in unexpectedly, that’s hardly cause for alarm.”
Dean started bringing fruits, too, or new foods for Castiel to try, as it seems he hadn’t eaten many. Fortunately, the land on which is prospective pack lived on was rich with fruit. So many fruits to bring his love, to watch him bite into and love every moment of it, to suddenly remember what apples tasted like when there's joy in his heart.
Dean nods knowingly. He can’t say the words here. If he were to be overheard, or even if someone here could lip read, they could both be in dire trouble. Leaving the dome is utterly forbidden.
The Omega gasped for air, collapsing back against his nest, feeling utterly spent, body wrecked and weak.
Dean took a deep breath before knocking on the door of the quaint little witch’s hut in the middle of the jungle. He looked down at Castiel before wincing. “Don’t take anything she says personally,” he said, finally knocking on the door.
Breathing ragged and quick, Dean has never before felt so many sensations at once. “Oh, Cas,” he moans, releasing a tiny fraction of the pressure building both in his cock and his heart.
The warm sincerity of his voice caught Cas off-guard. He held his mate closer, nuzzling into his cheek.
‘Stop it,’ he chastises himself. He can’t let those heinous thoughts enter his head. They will find something to prove Dean’s innocence. They have to.
Cas acknowledges Mr. Crowley with a deferential bow and quickly moves to the dressing area. Over the past few weeks, visiting the tailor has become just as common as eating meals. He spends hours in hair and makeup chairs, too. Cas can’t imagine how boring this would be without Dean’s company. How did Dean manage it before Cas?
Castiel forced himself to keep walking forward, despite his tiredness and weakness from days of hunger. Each step was a burden in his shredded shoes. God, they didn’t even know where they were going, what were they even doing? How would they even survive? What would they even do?
“I love you, Dean,” Castiel whispered, tears no longer spilling from his eyes. He set his jaw. “I love you with all my heart.”
When he’s done flailing and is awake enough to recognize that everything is fine, he yelps, “What was that?”
“Cas, I thought I’d never see you again.” Suddenly, Dean lifted his head to kiss his Alpha, over and over and over again, deeper each time, tasting the mate he thought he’d lost forever, before finally falling back against his chest.
Castiel walked out of the lake, clutching Dean’s cloak close - dry, of course. He’d made sure of that. He always did.
All the while, beneath the surface, his mind is churning with possibilities. What if he didn’t win the pageant this year? Would he lose Roman as a sponsor? Would he lose his recording contract? Would he continue to act?
Dean’s shoulders drop and he nods his acceptance. “I believe I will need some assistance. When we did the fitting, I could not get the lacing on the back pulled tight enough.”
“You did all this for me, precious wolf. And all I did was hurt you. I don’t blame you if you decide not to forgive me. I don’t deserve to be forgiven,” he said as he stripped off all the gifts the wolf had given him. The pants, the jacket, and the cloak, laying them neatly on the bed.
“Yes. A perfectly at-ease Omega alone on a Black Moon? For all I know you’re a skinchanger, a warlock or demon, or some siren formed to delight my fantasies to lure me in and slay me.”
With a mischievous grin, Dean agrees, “True, but if I get used to it and accidentally slip in public?” He whistles long and low.
The wolf looked over at his left arm, nearly fully healed, glowing bright white and surrounded with a pure blue magic that lit the night, burning into him. He felt like his arm was on fire.
“Yeah, I remember his eyes,” an Omega said. She was heavily pregnant - most of the breeders at the ranches were. “…He a double breeder?”
Dean is reticent to leave the outside world and go back to the life that he always thought he wanted. Its shine has worn off, its appeal lost.
To be honest, Dean is a little confused by their gift. Yes, it is an honor to receive anything from these men. The only thing he’d anticipated was a blessing. Cas’s symbol fits him perfectly, though, and the one they give Dean is nothing like him at all. He’s just found happiness, that much is true. But freedom and spontaneity? He’s one of the least free citizens in this country. He holds the pendant up, turning it back and forth so that the scales twinkle and flash in the light. Their jade eyes seem to glow when they catch as well.
The following day, Dean can’t seem to focus on his lines. He is always a professional and works diligently to not only memorize his lines, but give a unique and dimensional performance every time. This failure on his part is making him furious. He didn’t stay up too late, and he didn’t skip his morning workout. The only thing he did differently than usual is he ate that big slice of pie. Even so, he knows that isn’t what has him so off-kilter. It’s Cas.
The Omega keened as Cas finally started to play with his now free dick, only touching him lightly, tantalizingly.
He pulled his brother from the strengthening river, heart pounding in his chest from the constant running. He felt like his heart was going to burst, he didn’t know how he was even going on anymore.
“But what if I’m out of eggs, Cas? I don’t want you to get a surrogate or a breeder, I-” he swallowed. “I want to be the one to carry your pups.”
Yet even the days spent with his lover were not enough for Castiel, who forever yearned for his mate while he was away. To remind himself of his love, Castiel painted the night sky with the same speckles that adorned his lover’s flesh, gifting them some of his radiance. From that day forward, every night he danced with them, tracing shapes and stories in their light.
This story completes my collaborations for the first ever Wayward Hunters Collabang. I was lucky enough to find two matches that I was dying to work with. This collaboration has been so much fun, and I think you will agree with me when I tell you that Solus's art is amazing.
“The usual things. Keep my calendar, arrange transportation…help me dress.” The innuendo in Dean’s voice sends a shiver of awareness down Cas’s arms.
“Cas!” Fear gripped his chest as he rushed over to the door as quickly as he could, twisting his half of the two-sided lock and ripping the door open.
“It’s understandable to be nervous, Dean.” Of course Cas knows the right thing to say. He always does.
Castiel was going to die with dignity, not left to be picked apart by beasts. He deserved far better than that.
“My parents were maintenance workers when they were alive, so I spent a great deal of time in the decon chambers. I feel safe out here, and I don’t have to spend money on housing.” Cas explains how everything works out on these frayed edges of society.
The combination of the pulsating lights, music set to the volume of obnoxious, and the weight of the horns pulling on his skull is making Dean’s head scream. Excusing himself from the current conversation that he can’t hear or fake interest in, Dean goes in search of a pain patch. He has one in his bag in the dressing room where they put this elaborate makeup on him, so that’s where he heads. The elevator is quiet, which juxtaposes how perfectly awful the sound was in the gallery.
He was so heavy, but it didn’t matter. He was his brother. They were going to make it together or not at all.
“Okay, reach behind me. You can help work me open for you.” Dean moves swiftly, eagerly, which makes Cas smile. His thick fingers slide along Cas’s skin until they find the right spot. Dean huffs out a noise when he feels how slick Cas is.
“Seeing you this mesmerized is exactly what I was hoping for. I can’t wait to get to my valley. Your eyes might fall out of their sockets.”
“I’m not saying you are, Dean. I just want you to understand that this is a temporary situation. I’m saving every bit of money I can earn so that I can move outside of the dome.”
“Ah, I smell #316 on you,” he said with a laugh. “Good bitch, that one’s very pretty. Made me a lot of money.”
Yes, even as the beasts began clawing at him, ripping him apart, pulling and cutting and scratching, he could do nothing more than reach for the Omega.
Grinning widely, Dean takes a nibble of the bacon and sighs in appreciation. “This is why you’re my favorite, Cas.”
[[No,]] Dean said, warmed by Castiel’s nearness. He’d never allowed anyone astride him before, but… it felt so good. [[Now squeeze me between your knees and grab hold of my neck, alright?]]
It’s simple, really. Their hips are too small. They aren’t wide enough. In many cases, they physically cannot give birth and have to be cut open.
“Cas, no!” he heard, just before another scream, sending a white hot anger coursing through his veins.
“It doesn’t matter. All curses can be broken, somehow. I promise, I’ll free you,” he said, turning to catch Castiel’s demeanor, how he sadly looked at the ground.
A yawn escaped him and he kicked off his shoes, placing it next to a pair that looked weirdly unfamiliar.
But that’s impossible, he sits in the back row in all of his classes except for literature and the person who sits behind him is Dean Winchester - a boy who is so far out of Cas’ league that it’s a miracle they breathe the same air.
When the last customer finally leaves, Dean looks around in the newly emptied shop and his eyes settle on the man.
"Oh good, you remember me," Dean chuckles and if Cas didn't know better he'd say that Dean sounds nervous, but of course that cannot be true.
Dean takes a deep breath and glances at the ceiling, blinking rapidly, before meeting Cas' eyes again.
"Oh my god guys!," she squeals, "I might not know how to get that thing running, but I totally know someone who does."
"I can leave if my order hasn't been enough to occupy this table for so long," the man offers and clearly Dean is not getting his intentions across.
And there it is: The moment of embarrassment that comes by itself every time he is in the proximity of the enigma that is Castiel.
Dean cries harder and Cas wonders what it is about him being wounded that brings this strong unbreakable man to fall apart like this.
"What?!," he shouts and Dean starts gesturing, which has Cas tilt his head in confusion. Rolling his eyes, Dean grabs his hand and pulls Cas with him as he makes his way through the crowd towards the glass door that leads into the luxurious garden.
Even in his intoxicated state, this was beyond embarrassing and he already knew that come sobriety he would never be able to look his neighbor in the eyes again.
Because when he smiles the entire world lights up and all the violence surrounding them seems bearable.
As expected, Charlie is chatting with Gilda, her girl crush since forever, who is dressed as a fairy and looks absolutely stunning.
"Thought you looked a little lost there, buddy and I figured I'd keep you some company while you wait for your friends," Dean says. "Only if you want to, of course. Otherwise just tell me to get lost."
Suddenly growing aware of the fact that not only had he broken into the apartment of his neighbor - who was decidedly to hot for his own good - but undressed himself in the process of walking into said neighbor's bedroom in the middle of the night which probably scared the other man to death, he started walking backwards.
There are a bunch of people he knows, might even call friends, but all of them seem pretty occupied.
The adrenaline high had begun to wear off and tiredness sneaked into his steps as he shuffled through the apartment towards his room.
And then Cas's hand is on his cheek again, and his face is being tilted downwards, and their eyes are still locked until Cas's flutter shut and he pulls Dean close.
"I shouldn't have come, sorry. I guess, I should have figured that one out by myself. I don't know what I was thinking."
"Cas, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry," he repeats over and over again and now his voice is trembling too and he is still crying and it breaks Cas' heart to see him like that.
"He told you today?," Sam asks and he doesn't sound triumphant or apologetic or amused like Dean expected him to. He sounds done like he does when Dean gets on his nerves or when Cas acts even stranger than usual and Dean doesn't know what to make of that.
Staring at the screen of his computer, Cas unsuccessfully tries to focus on the numbers in front of him.
"Bet you forgot about that when you and Sam came up with your genius plan. Because I do love you. Even if I can't show it, much less talk about it and I guess I really wanted to believe you. Whatever, I'll be fine."
Cas used to love Halloween. As a child, he would spend month with carefully choosing and preparing his costume, not minding his parents' exasperation and his siblings' teasing.
When Charlie first introduced him to Castiel, Dean was so smitten he flat out dropped the books he was supposed to arrange on the display tables in favor of holding out his hand to Castiel.
The moonlight falls across her face and she looks nowhere near as definite as she sounds. Her expression fits more into what Castiel has learned means she’s worried.
It take more than one try to reach the window. Clinging to the window-frame, he allows the outside world to rush in, deafened by the chaos for a dizzying span. It clears, but slowly. In the darkness outside, he sees a figure cowering away from another, the aggressor taller and towering over the smaller one, whose arm’s raised to shield the face.
“All right,” Beth says again, apparently needing to gain momentum before she speaks. “Maybe. Not because I want you to be apart if you want him. It’s just… I think I had myself convinced Dean was like Greg, and he isn’t, and I’m over Greg. I am. I really don’t want him back. I just… God, I told you this was stupid.”
He sat with Cas’ head near his lap, itching to cup the side of Cas’ face and fine warmth there, but the mass of burning hurt in his arms wouldn’t let him control his hands. Not yet.
“I want to hear your side of things,” she says. “About you and Cas. I want to know what happened for him to be like he is.”
“Dean,” Cas said. “Are you concerned I’m going to build a friendship with Bela? Or is this about something else?”
“I’ve hurt you, Cas. And Sam says…he says I get angry and some crap about Dad, and… No. Wait. That’s not fair, either. Can…can we lie on the bed?”
Turns out he’s the last one to arrive. Gertude’s sitting at the dining table, Cas beside her, reading a book. She still has that slight air about her of a kid on Christmas morning, and as Sam watches he sees her glance up at Cas, who taps something in the book and murmurs words Sam can’t hear.
A woman with a stroller gets in his way, making him leap sideways, and once she’s out of the way the car is in the flow of traffic.
Nodding is impossible, but with Dean’s hand putting pressure on his arm, he manages to turn his vessel. The drag of the stiff wings makes it hard, but he manages. Each step taken under Dean’s direction is hard. But he manages. He manages.
It’s also Dean who’s in this warm bed with Castiel, and when Val bangs on the door, shouting that if she has to put Beth down then Dean and Cas can damn well take a break before they wear each other out, she isn’t entirely wrong about what they’ve been doing.
“I saw the pages on relationship abuse, Dean, and I don’t think you’ve been battering Cas or whatever, but maybe we’ve both got shit to learn about how we treat him, anyway. That’s something we should do. Think about that, before he wakes up. For when he wakes up.”
A hammering on the front door cuts her off, and she has one moment to hope, really hope, that she’s wrong about who it is.
“There was a time Cas beat Dean so badly that Dean almost died,” Sam says, “and I know that messed Dean up, but he wouldn’t talk about it.”
Castiel stares at his socked feet, at his toes tucked into the bunched blankets of his bed, and thinks about cages, and freedom.
“Well,” Bela said, scanning the room with an expression of interest. “Not that I haven’t always liked the thought of you in chains, Dean, but shall we get out of here?”
“You know this isn’t your fault, right?” Beth asks, because she doesn’t want to disturb Cas, but she can’t stand seeing Val like this.
It’s tough, pulling her attention away from those eyes, but she looks up at Val, who’s standing right by the bed, and sees the same concern on her friend’s face. They’ve both seen Cas pull away before, and they’ve both seen him shut down, and right now he looks to be closing himself off from them.
“I talked to him. That’s it,” Dean says, and he looks at Val like she might snatch Cas away from him.
Cas has that stubborn tone to his words when he answers, the one that says he’s turning himself to rock and refusing to be moved by the tide. Even as frail as he is, it’s hard to doubt he can do it.
“What…? What does that mean?” Fear licks at Dean’s insides. He finds the frustration warping into panic, hauling old memories up into the light, and it’s like he’s in more than one time, watching Cas declare himself God, watching him walk into a lake, watching him slip away from Dean’s grip. “Don’t make me lose you. Don’t you dare.”
“I think Hannah’s been looking forward to it,” Steve says. “She misses it. The singing. I guess, we both do.”
“You’re a lot more than what’s been done to you, as well. What your father did, what Alastair did. What you’ve done to yourself.”
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Cas says. “It won’t change anything. Just tell me about the case. You think I might know something?”
“Look, it turns out this is capable of creating a demon without all the fuss of spending several subjective centuries in the Pit. From what I can tell, Cain used it to speed up the process with his Knights. He didn’t pass the Mark to them, you understand. That would have given them his power. Which means that our boy Dean wasn’t turning into any Knight of Hell. He was becoming Cain’s Heir. You can see why the demon groupies want him so badly.”
When they get home, Sam is planning on asking himself a few searching questions. After everything with Cas, and with Dean, it’s probably time he took a look at his own state of mind. Not that he has to make a thing of it.
So, it might be a tad harder for Dean when he appears than it would have been, but Cas needs to work through a few issues, starting with how badly some things are for him right now.
“So, he can’t heal himself but he’s healing others?” Beth asks, still softer than seems right with all the drama. It’s like Beth feels she has to move gently or risk tearing things apart even more.
When the others look at her, she waves them off. Val nods. Beth isn’t sure why her sister’s using that specific phrase, but Cas is understood as much by math as by any human experience, because Cas isn’t human, and they keep forgetting that. Why would he respond to the monster the same way Ashley did? Or any of the others?
They guide him up the stairs between them, and Val hovers just outside the door until he’s stripped down and slid under the covers, then brings him the water and insists he drink some, as though it’s a potion that will cure everything.
Sam had to work out where they were. They’d tracked each other down on practically nothing before, and whatever had got the jump on them, it had to have left some clues. Sam would find them. And Dean would get out of these damn chains. And Cas would be fine.
“I thought you said Dean might pull Cas back,” Val says, not looking at them. “How’s that working out?”
“I’m saying I don’t know,” Sam says. “Dean, this stuff, it’s not easy. About the only thing I’ve worked out for sure is that it’s not easy. I mean, have you ever found it easy to accept help? Look at you, right now.”
Before Sam can say anything to help Dean work through that, the creak of the stairs draws his attention. He looks round in time to see Val appear in the archway to the hall. She hesitates as she sees Dean. A heartbeat later her chin comes up and she looks across at Sam.
Dean’s voice is warm. Fond. When Castiel turns to face him, Dean’s smile, his eyes, are full of the same warmth. His cheeks are flushed, his hair is windswept, and the collar of his jacket is turned up.
“Never mind,” Riva says, and picks up her bowl, hunches over it, takes another mouthful of spaghetti.
“Dean.” Sam makes his voice harder than might be wise, but Dean needs to calm down. He hates having to tell people about this crap. It’s better to leave them ignorant. Better and safer. Right up until it’s not. They’ve more than reached that point here, and they don’t need Dean making it worse. Things are tense enough as it is, and they need to think of what they’ll do once they have Cas back. “Riva, is there any way Val can tell us where she was? We need to go after Cas.”
“How about we let Cas tell us what’s on them?” Dean says, but he at least sounds friendly enough, even if it is a little forced. Castiel can tell. He’s spent long enough studying Dean for signs the man’s hiding what he feels. “Maybe we’ll get a lucky break and these’ll actually be linked to a random memory stealing monster.”
“Not…exactly,” Castiel says, and gives in to human understanding. “But I suppose it’s close enough. Maybe I should rest.”
So sue her if it’s made Val a soft touch herself for people who look like they need a little guarding.
“Cas doesn’t exactly drive like he’s in Wacky Races,” Sam says. “And ‘red car’ is a bit vague. Did you even catch the model?”
“I’ve got him,” Sam says, and sees Dean grimace as he unwinds from around Cas and shifts to holding their friend’s other arm. “How you doing, Cas?”
The fingers of his right hand tapped at an arm of the throne, a staccato rhythm which almost resolved itself into something Bela knew. Almost. Dean shook his head and pushed himself to his feet. He buzzed with energy, with drive. Bela saw his smoke billow and coil.
He loses sight of the car within minutes, even the traffic in the area not keeping the car slow enough for him to reach it in time. Sam almost crashes into him moments after, his hand clamping down on Dean’s bicep. Through his attempts to get his breath back, and he must be less fit than he thought the way the air’s burning in his throat, Dean looks up to see concern in his brother’s eyes.
He doesn’t, which is a relief. She still has a lot of papers to wade through, a struggling friend to worry about and an intense and confused reaction to an FBI agent to sort out in her head.
“You aren’t thinking of calling Dean and Sam?” Val asks, as though that’s the worst idea anyone has ever had.
He turned to lean against the kitchen counter, sipping his drink and watching the way Hannah sat so precisely. She hadn’t learned to slouch the way Cas had.
“You want some company?” Val asks. She glances away and her mouth pulls into some expression Beth can’t read before she speaks again. “I, um, I think we should…talk. If that’s okay.”
Now he has Cas’ gaze, Dean leans in, holding it. It’s something he knows he does better than Sam can, keeping Cas’ focus on him, even if it is harder right now than it has been at almost any time. For one thing, Cas’ pupils aren’t right.
“They’ll tell us what’s going on soon,” Val says from the next seat. “Riva’ll tell us if no-one else does.”
“True. We might have to wait until we’re somewhere safer and better equipped. Which mean we have to remove both of them with the spells still in place.”
Spinning, Dean turned his back on the demon and faced Castiel. The angel was already watching him. He was always watching Dean, Bela had noticed, even before this. Now, it was with a greater degree of wariness.
The heat is back in Inanna’s eyes. Dean’s getting the distinct impression it never fully leaves, and she looks Beth up and down, her lips curving again.
“Sure. I get that. And until he wakes up he can’t help us, but are you telling me you never thought about getting him to translate these? And we’re working on the assumption he might come round again, right?”
“Yes,” he says, because it has been made clear to him that not answering upsets the Winchesters. “I’m with you.”
He waits for Sam to be nearer before he reaches under the bush, just in case he’ll need pulling away from it, and closes his fingers around it on the second attempt. It cuts.
His smile twitches, and there’s something hard in his eyes, now she looks carefully. It’s something that makes her glad there’s a desk between them. Charming and dangerous, that’s what this guy seems like. More the sort to be hunted by the FBI.
Cas nods. He hasn’t made any attempt to pull away from their hold, but he’s standing a little steadier on his feet.
Beth drives slowly, her car slipping into traffic and out as though it just happens to part before her. Castiel can’t say his own experience of driving has been like that. Not in a town or a city. The car itself is quiet, with padded cream seats and heating. It’s a different sort of luxury to the Triumph, to the Impala. He thinks Dean would hate it.
“In recent years, yes,” Cas says, and sighs. He drops his gaze to his own hands and Dean feels the loss. “But in the past? I don’t think so. I don’t remember it well. From what Naomi said, that’s likely deliberate. But I do remember connection. Unity. Necessity and education took our openness from us. But it doesn’t mean I want it that way.”
“Sam, too,” Castiel says, because a part of his role he can still manage is to tell Dean what Dean needs to hear.
“At the party,” Val says. “I know you probably just want to stay home in bed, but I really think you should come. We can keep an eye on you, for one thing, and it’ll be good for you to meet more people.”
“Hey, Buddy,” Dean says, forcing himself to walk to the bed and setting the fingers of one hand on the covers, right near Cas’ hand. “I’d ask how you’re doing, but it doesn’t look like the answers great. You, er, you mind if I sit a while?”
“Yeah,” Sam says, and he has that look on his face that says he’s building up to saying something Dean won’t like. “Listen, Dean, we should let Cas settle in, get his new clothes unpacked. Why don’t we go start on dinner?”
It’d be leaving that monster to do what it wanted, too, but it wouldn’t be the first time they’ve had to make a call.
Castiel has flown in Hell. He’s flown in Purgatory, though he doesn’t entirely remember how he got out, even now. He’s flown around the Earth and in Heaven and through Dean Winchester’s dreams, but he’s never before flown like this.
She keeps her place until the agent is gone, the door closing softly behind him, and spins to check on her friends. Beth is folded over, head in her hands and a fine tremble in her shoulders. Standing up to someone like that has to be taxing to her, but even as Val watches she pushes herself up and offers a weak, but determined smile.
“Dean, you’ve been with Cas for, like, a day or two. Stop acting like you’ve been married for years.”
“Are you maligning my subject again, John? We can’t all be architects, you know. Some of us have to do more than draw pictures of stacks of bricks.”
This time, Castiel can almost see the thoughts connecting in Sam’s head. He can’t quite bring himself to fill in the gaps without prompting, though.
“Did you really leave because of what Dean said?” Sam asks. He looks like a yes will wound him. When Cas doesn’t answer, just presses his lips into a tighter line, Sam sits back and lets out a breath. “Okay. Okay, so, Dean screwed up saying that. He should have remembered about your hearing. Hell, we both should have. But he was just upset he couldn’t help you get better faster, Cas. That’s all.”
“He’s living in your spare room?” she hisses, as Val boils water for that chamomile tea Beth likes and gets out plates for the lemon cakes. “When did this get decided?”
It’s a fuller, heavier thought than it needs to be, but he had no powder on him when he jumped from that window, and despite his efforts he is tethered fully once again to this time, this body. He is trapped in it. And he still doesn’t know why it won’t heel.
“What with?” Hannah’s voice asks, and Nora turns to find Hannah holding Tanya in the hallway behind them. “Do we have time to sing to Tanya?”
“Hey!” Dean yells. He sees Cas move, sees his wings twitch as they flash back into vision and out, but Cas doesn’t look at Dean. “Where is it? What are we fighting?”
“What?” Beth’s jaw clenches and she crosses her arms. “No. Don’t be stupid. I just wish you wouldn’t rush into things without talking about them.”
Sam arrives just as their order does, greeting them both with a sunny smile and thanking the waitress as he removes his scarf.  It’s a new colour, but still in the part of the spectrum he’s taken to recently, autumnal and comforting.
So far, no-one had given any indication that they were against Dean or his impending reign. Castiel found it hard to believe. There would be snakes in the grass, wanting to take Dean down.
She bristles, her expression hardening. She looks constantly to be on the point of running and Dean pegs her as someone with a history, even though he isn’t sure what kind just yet. He’s met people like her before, though, people who are always on watch, always expecting some sort of an attack, and…  Oh.
As Dean speaks, he pads barefooted along the hallway. The tiles are cool under his feet. It’s far more pleasant than wearing those boots. He wonders what else will be more pleasant.
Sam isn’t sure if hope is just something Cas no longer allows himself, or if this really is a futile plan.
And those are words Cas has clearly learned from somewhere. Dean blinks, shoots a look at Val that gets a blank-faced response, and shrugs.
Another twinge of guilt bites at her, because it’s not as though Cas has said he’s on the run from being battered by Dean, and he’s never called Dean his ex. There’s a lot that can be said by silence, though. Maybe he doesn’t know that.
Cas’ words aren’t even bitter. It takes Dean a moment to spot it, but that’s not resentment in his friend’s tone. It’s resignation. Exhaustion.
They find a cafe on 6th Street, Sam leading the way as Dean folds his tie into his pocket and follows. They grab a table against the back wall, Dean dropping his coat over the back of the chair next to him, and Sam changes the subject whenever Dean finds another item on the menu to complain about. They’re halfway through eating when Sam finally starts up a conversation.
A moment later, Castiel felt the tug deep in his Grace, and the hellspace around him wavered. If this worked, they’d find themselves back in the Bunker, with Dean undergoing the transition back to human. They’d come up with a new plan to stop the demons from taking him again.
“Get off your ass and come do something. Idle hands and all that,” Dean says, his voice warmer now his lips are curving properly. “We’ll bake cookies or hang decorations or some shit.”
“Truck small,” Tanya says, which makes very little sense as it’s the largest one she owns. “Mommy, truck small.”
This one, though, is Marianne Jenkins, and she can’t walk. She’s been in a chair for months and Riva doesn’t even know how the kid got down here.
How can she possibly understand losing his Grace, his sanity, his wings? Just because some of those things have returned to him doesn’t mean the scars are gone.
They’re in a room with chairs and a settee, with biscuit colored drapes at the windows and shelves of books against one wall. Castiel isn’t sure when they got here.
Val has been the strong one, the one providing comfort and anger and protection as Beth’s needed them, and seeing her crumble is…well, it’s wrong.
Val pulled a face when he told her, as she tucked a hot-water bottle in to the bed, that he intends to call Dean tomorrow.
“Okay,” Dean says, not quite managing to hide his worry. “Well, that’s something. I guess. Come on, lets get you sat down somewhere more comfortable than the floor.”
Sam twitches, but other than that he doesn’t move. His face is carved lines. It’s impossible to tell what he thinks about Dean’s words. He doesn’t throw any back.
“We’ll be back tomorrow,” Sam says, sparing a fleeting thought to wish he didn’t sound so threatening.
“Water doesn’t change its nature just because it’s in a different vessel,” Beth says, an upwards lilt to her voice at the end as though it’s part way to a question. Cas doesn’t respond. “But water can be become steam, or ice.”
“You go get dressed,” she tells Riva, who’s managed to pull her jeans on but hasn’t remembered to do up the zipper or change out of the pajama top. “I’ll get Val.”
Back in Rexford, there were some evenings when co-workers met for drinks, but he never had enough money to accept. He has the feeling such evenings wouldn’t have been like this, in any case, sitting around a dining table with a full meal and filled wine glasses. His eons of existence haven’t prepared him for this.
It takes long, groggy minutes for him to realise he’s sensing his other limbs, the ones he rarely feels while in a vessel. It’s dizzying, dislocating.
“How are you legs?” she asks, without letting him finish. When he doesn’t answer, she goes on. “You still wince when you walk. They should have healed by now. And the injuries from the other night? Are they any better?”
He waits, and Dean nods. He remembers the damaged arm. At the time, he didn’t remember caring that Sam was hurt.
“Paperwork and a reputation,” Beth says, but she sounds interested. “Are you saying you could fake documents for him?”
“I don’t know. He never said it was, and he didn’t look sick the way he was when his borrowed Grace was burning out. Maybe it’s just…habit? Look, I’m going to get up there, see what I can find.”
He pulls his hands out of the way and waits until Sam has Cas safely out and in his arms. It feels wrong, letting Sam carry Cas like that, but Dean’s got a fine tremble under his skin, running deep into his muscles, and he knows he’s not in a fit state to be doing that job.
When they leave the store half an hour later, Sam carries two bags full of clothing Castiel did not pick. He trails after Sam back to the car, his wings tucked tight to his back. It’s difficult, scanning the area with only the working eyes left to him. The sensation of blind spots is a constant irritant.
“We could have listened,” Sam says. “I could have listened, Cas. And, I don’t know, offered sympathy. Something. You get not everything needs to have a solution to be worth bringing up, right?”
But he can’t. His shins are still shot through with lurid pain, and his chest and cheeks and hand hurt. And he isn’t so sure he can agree he’s not a thing.
Three sets of eyes look up at him as he makes his way into the kitchen, pausing and trying to settle his wings. They twitch more when they hurt, something he should be used to by now.
His throat works as he struggles to find suitable words. He fails. He closes every eye he can, turns the rest away.
“I think I got some idea, though,” she says. “He’s… He fills up the space, doesn’t he? I can see why you’d want to please him. If that helps.”
“Matter of fact,” Dean said, taking a step closer as the demons around him watched with a hungry glee, I seem to recall I was picked by Alastair and by Cain. Hell, by Crowley, too. So I got all kinds of votes. And what have you got? Bela’s pet angel and a sense of righteous self-importance gonna get you the win, little brother? That what you think? Because Lucifer only ever wanted to use you. He was fattening you up to be the Christmas goose. And you ain’t got it in you to beat me. No demon blood in your veins now. And what are you without it? Just a little boy who lost every woman he ever loved.”
In a clump of trees, a young man is struggling against someone larger, stronger. His shouts aren’t making it as far as words, but Castiel sees the panic streaming from him, bright orange and muddy indigo, a clash of tones which makes the air around them scream.
“Hey, who needs a break?” Dean asks. “Because I need food and some air. I’m going to lose it if I have to sit here for much longer.”
They both pause at the faint who-mph from the dining room, and Val’s knocked off balance at the sensation of the floor rippling, but Sam keeps chopping.
Dean nods, once, and goes to sit on his bed. They’re facing each other now, the space between them not all that much, and Dean lowers his voice.
Her head tucks under his chin, and it only takes him a few seconds to remember to close his arms around her. His wings fold up of their own accord, wrapping around her back. Some of her hair tickles his chin.
With that announcement, Cas drains his coffee and leaves, and Beth takes his seat. Val and Riva look about as stunned as she does.
“What? Nothing to say? Did someone tear out your tongue while you were waiting?” Dean swung around, and he must see Hannah, but he showed no sign of it. “Bela? You cut out my brother’s tongue?”
“Sam, there’s nothing here we can use. I saw the pulse around Dean as they went. He transported them. He did this.”
She sees Beth’s eyes widen, hears Riva make some sound that might be a warning or shock or anything. She sees Aidan flinch, like he was hoping he was imagining things and Val just made it real. Maybe he’s anticipating the way this agent will react.
He should go. That’s not a sentence which says he should stay here, slumped on the settee of a woman he doesn’t know anymore than she knows him, but he finds he’s reluctant to move. The will has gone from his limbs.
“Beth…” Riva isn’t sure what she’s supposed to say. “I thought you were going on a date. You rang and checked on that table.”
“You dead in there?” the woman shouts through the door. “I don’t want to have to drag a corpse out of my bathroom.”
Being on Earth always warps perceptions. He’s had eons of being nothing but energy, shaped and shifting, and yet a few years on Earth and he feels he is a body, of some sort and fashion, that he has weight and sensation and form. That fists can hurt him and deprivation weaken him.
As in on cue, Tanya’s bubbling voice drifts through from her room. Hannah shifts just a little, and Nora pushes her chair back.
“I don’t know why Dean asked him about dying and I don’t know why he isn’t getting better and I don’t know what caused this fit!”
Dean watches Cas sleep. It must be the universe getting back at him for calling Cas a creep, because he can’t make himself leave. Or doesn’t want to. There’s some part of him that’s worried if he walks out now, Cas won’t be here when he comes back.
“This is stupid,” Dean says. “I mean, not this. I… I don’t know what I’m doing. But, Cas, I do know I haven’t always been the best friend I could be to you, and don’t even start to argue. I shout at you and lash out and give you the cold shoulder, and all you’ve ever tried to do is the best you can at the time. And I’m not going to promise it’ll all be sunshine and roses, because I don’t think it works like that, but I am saying I’m going to try. I’m going to try and listen more and catch how I speak to you, that is. So… So, yeah. I think that’s about it.”
“I know what it’s like, being thrown out of home, doing harm without meaning to. Without understanding what you’re really doing.”
“Of course they do,” Cas says, again without seeming to have a light-bulb moment that his own intentions have always been good. Cas has always been better at applying forgiveness to others. “And it makes sense. Dean, if he’s been trying to take everything from me that doesn’t belong, then that’s…that’s…”
“It’s been hurting people, Cas. For all we know, it’s killed some of the people who’re still missing.”
He thinks Dean mentioned tracking down a lead, that he said Sam and Dean looked for Castiel, and Dean was angry about the card. But he also said Castiel ditched the car, and he didn’t. He hasn’t. It’s still in it’s space, hiding in plain view of anyone who walks past it. It’s his last refuge if these new friends of his turn him out, though he isn’t sure how far he’ll get with what gas he has in the tank.
“I don’t know,” he says, barely audible. He doesn’t really want those words out in the air, where they can he heard. Saying them makes them true. “I have no fucking idea.”
“Yeah,” Cas says, and he’s a lot closer without Dean realizing. He meets Dean’s gaze, and there’s something like fear there, but that’s been lurking in Cas’ eyes for years, ever since his sense of his rightful place was shaken. Now, there’s also a stronger impression of hope, of something Dean might even call close to peace. It’s a good look. “But I thought I’d stay. For good. If that’s all right with you.”
“Cas kinda turns everything you think about angels upside down, I guess,” he says. “You must have had a lot of crap shifted about in your head the last few days.”
He sees Dean again, once looking in through his window and once across a crowded street. He dismisses both, but the pang he feels is real.
“A shitty and pointless one, yeah,” Val says. Sighs, really. Neither one of them explains what the joke was. “I shouldn’t have let Mom’s comments get to me. But he can have the bed. I’ll doze in the chair or something.”
Of course, Dean needs to know whether they can rely on Castiel for that, just in case. It’s a sound question to ask, strategically.
“Yes,” she says, when she’s sure she has his attention. “Yes, we know you’re an angel. Sam and Dean told us. Val saw.”
He’s seen more trusting expressions on vampires, but she steps back and gives him room to cross the threshold, holding her arm out to gesture him into the room to the right.
Dean doesn’t look happy with that answer. Perhaps he’s thinking, as Castiel is, that even if it had been thousands of years ago, losing an eye should be a memorable experience. It’s likely another thing Naomi wiped. Maybe Dean isn’t thinking that at all. Who knows.
“Oh, I’m not. Believe me. But I spent enough of my life avoiding connections to know how hard it can be when you decide to be connected. I keep thinking Hannah’s going to leave, just walk away without looking back, and every time I think that I find myself pushing her. You and me? We’re not so different.”
He sees her eyes skate sideways, just for a moment, before snapping back to him. He’s almost sure she was looking at Val, but it could have been Dean. Or nothing.
That seems to be all she has to say on it for now, but Dean can tell from the angle of her shoulders that she’s still listening. Cas looks vaguely confused. Dean sees his lips part, but Cas doesn’t say anything. Instead, his tongue darts out and licks his lips.
Riva’s heard that tone, too, when someone’s the first to grasp what a diagnoses means and has to stay strong as the rest of the family catches up. But…an angel. It’s…
The man has said this before. Castiel stares at him until he hands over his delivery and slides away, leaving Castiel’s awareness as soon as the packet is in his hand. He shuts the door, slides the chain across, lets his wings fold up.
He stops more than once on his way out of the town, to withdraw as much money as he can. When he leaves the place behind him, the card is left in the hands of a homeless woman with instructions to use it for as long as she can.
“Cas,” Dean breathes. He closes his eyes briefly, the green in them dulled when he opens them again. “Cas, man, you gotta keep trying. Okay? Let us help you.”
And Dean found himself sitting alone with Cas as the rest of the them clustered around the other table, debating and experimenting and failing over and over again to find a way to get Cas free.
Nora doesn’t quite understand Hannah’s insistence on standing watch, but the increased softness in the woman’s eyes as she looked at Tanya was reason enough to just agree. It seemed important enough to her that Nora let her, but she’s going in to get Tanya to bed soon.
It must be annoyance making his words so heavy. They fall into Castiel and sink. Their passage disturbs the currents of his thoughts and he fights to bring back the stillness he felt when staring at that screen. He fails.
He moves the cursor to the search bar and types slowly, biting his lip. It takes him at least thirty seconds before he hits enter, longer still to scan down the results, and he’s tense as he clicks on a page entitled ‘How to know if you’re in an abusive relationship’.
“The thing is,” Sam goes on, “I knew you’d do whatever it took for Dean, and I let myself forget that it might hurt you. I let myself get so focused on saving Dean that I threw you under a bus. I should never have ordered you around like that. I shouldn’t have made you stay with Rowena.”
Dropping onto the bed, Dean holds the beer between his hands, apparently engrossed in reading the label. Sam sighs and takes the opposite bed, wary of prodding at Dean but not able to just leave this alone. Leaving shit like this alone has always been part of their problem.
Cas wore a collar of colors, now, and Dean tightened his fingers around the angel’s, not quite able to believe the fire wouldn’t burn Cas’ flesh.
As she takes after him, he speeds up, shifting into a jog, then a run, and Val, cursing everything as the breath in her chest hitches, follows. She follows him down the street and into the next one, out from a cluster of houses and across a parking lot towards a warehouse of some sort, or maybe an old factory. It’s brick and huge and crumbling.
Something must show on his face, because Sam sits up, eyes widening slightly, but Dean’s made a habit of committing to his choices in the moment and he speaks before Sam can stop him.
His voice catches when he speaks again and he has to stop, has to cough. The words are thick when he goes on.
“Don’t insult my coffee,” Cas tells her, to see her smile again. “What do you feel and why do you think it’s stupid?”
Riva looks a question at them, and Sam quickly fills her in on Jimmy and Amelia and Claire. He only sketches a few basics, but Dean sees Cas tracing a finger over the lettering on the tablet as though trying to avoid hearing it. There must still be a lot of guilt there, even though, now Dean thinks about it, Cas has fought against a whole lot of programing to even get to the point where he can feel guilty about it.
He caught the look in her eyes when she reached for his head, when he flinched. He wishes he didn’t see that.
“Well,” she says, letting go of Beth’s hand and clapping her hands together. “I think we have enough to be going on with. Riva, how’s it coming with those books?”
Fuck, but he thought they’d skipped that. If nothing else, he thought Cas was spared that sort of despairing, bitter fall from grace.
Ah. Probably with the help of his drugs. There’s a twist to Val’s lips that says she suspects that, in any case.
“Fucking super-hearing,” he says. “Shit. Cas, listen, you weren’t meant to hear that. Okay? And you weren’t supposed to fucking run off. I say shit I don’t mean, all the time. You know me.”
She tries to tell herself it’s something normal, even if it’s still deadly, but she can’t believe it. Right now, in this moment, she feels it’s alien to her. It’s outside the world as she knows it.
What’s wrong with Castiel can’t be fixed. Dean and Sam already tried, and he failed them. He’s not sure he has it in him to try again. Buffering the pain is all he can cope with.
He didn’t have time to take it all in before and his memories from the times he saw Cas back in his black-eyed days are hazy. For one thing, he never quite grasped that Cas has more than one pair of wings. Six of the fuckers arc out, surrounding the angel, and every one of them is studded with glimmers of light.
This time, when he doesn’t answer, he hears her move. Two of his angelic eyes flinch up to track her movement, but she only turns to face him. She only trails her gaze up and down his human shell.
“Yes,” Castiel says, knowing he should uncurl and not quite able to make himself do it. The pain up his shins is worse today and the new throb on his hand seems to underline every other hurt he has. His wings feel heavier and his human eyes are still the only ones working. He is trying not to think about falling. “I’m sorry.”
“I’ve locked in the Grace he has left,” Hannah said. “We need to do more, but we need to go. Those four can’t be the only ones involved in this.”
In any case, when he next looks away from the screen, Sam is gone. He reaches out and finds no human life in the Bunker. Ah. Sam was possibly telling him about a case. It looks as though he did not intend to ask Castiel to come along.
She does smile at Castiel, though, as she swings around on her arc, and he’s almost certain there’s no heat aimed at him, no real sense she’s upset with him. It was so much easier, in so many ways, back when he didn’t care what any human thought of him. Back when their anger or displeasure or disappointment was beneath him, he could brush it off as nothing more than something to bear in mind for tactical purposes and move on. Now, there are times when it comes close to crippling him.
This Dean looks so solid that Castiel almost calls out to him. He almost turns and tries to run. He left the bunker to spare Dean the pain and frustration of seeing Castiel fail to heal, and he has continued to fail. If anything, he’s got worse. Surely, if Dean felt Castiel should be gone from the bunker, he won’t want to see the angel now.
That voice is edging on familiar. It takes valuable seconds to clutch the name, drag it up, and it reaches his tongue only as a warm body lands next to him on the bench.
When the film is done, he waves the TV off and sits in the dark, Dean’s head almost touching Castiel’s. It’s comforting. He doesn’t know, still, quite how he’s going to recover from this condition Dean says he has, or whether Dean is quite right. He is still an angel, after all, and the horrors he has seen in his long existence should have driven him over this edge before if angels really can get PTSD, but Naomi is not around anymore to reset him, and the horror of hurting Dean, of having Dean hurt him…these things have a texture, a colour, which no previous terror has had.
“I’m the last one to pass judgment here,” he says, and maybe he really meant it when he said they weren’t any of them the best examples of healthy, because that sounds like there’s a whole story buried somewhere, “but you’ve got to know that won’t be helping. What are you even taking?”
His money is almost gone. He has, perhaps, another three weeks in his room, unless he can find other funds. He imagines working at his old job in the state he’s in, and knows he would fail at doing an adequate job. It shouldn’t sting as much as his palm.
Sam’s door was yanked open before he could get to it, and Dean leaned in, looking for too pleased with himself. And with black eyes.
Dean isn’t sure about a lot right now, and his skin feels like it’s sitting tight on his body, hot and itchy and wrong-sized, the faint pain from his head injury still throbbing and jagged thought set slant-wise through his skull, but in this moment he feels a flush of warmth for Cas.
Dean hears the voice on the other end, a high pitched noise that doesn’t resolve into meaning. He can’t parse it, can’t make it form words, and his head throbs with irritation.
There’s shame on Cas’ face, in his voice, and Sam has to stop himself from going to his friend. This is more vulnerable than he’s ever seen Cas let himself be. Cas was the one to tell Sam he’s more important than the mission, and it strikes Sam that he’s never said the same back to Cas. Not really. Not in words.
“All I’m saying is, maybe the way you talk to me, and to Cas, is shit you learned from Dad. And maybe we don’t really notice it because, well, because it’s just how it is with us. That’s all I’m saying.”
“So,” Val goes on, “Beth’s having, like, a party thing this weekend. Saturday night. And she knows I’ve been having lunch with someone. Some brat of a student blabbed to her in office hours. Can you believe it? Gossiping about a lecturer with another lecturer. Pathetic. Anyway, now Beth’s convinced I’ve got a boyfriend and says I should bring him along.”
He isn’t sure if she means his leaving wouldn’t help, or that the thought he might leave is making her sad. The idea someone could be upset at him going is new, and hard to grasp hold of.
Val moves to take the seat Beth just left, so the agents, Cas’ ex and whoever the other one is to him, have no choice but the take the hard-backed chairs on the other side of the coffee table. Which they do. The charmer, Dean, looks like he wants to chew rocks, and there’s a look on Sam’s face that makes Val wonder if he isn’t a lot more dangerous than he appears, but they do sit. They even keep their hands where she can see them.
“It’s okay, Dean,” Cas says, and wraps a hand over Dean’s forearm, the one draped across Cas’ stomach. “I… Yes. That sounds like something I should look into.”
“You high right now?” Dean asks, thoughts of naming Cas an angel fleeing at the force of the thought. It’s a demand. He knows it is.
“Someone could try their best and still do things that hurt their kids, Dean. No-one’s calling him a monster.”
And no way is Beth leaving the room now, not when Cas is awake and talking and looking happier than he has in most of the time she’s known him. She supposes it must be a weight off, to finally let go of a secret. She finds herself looking at Val as much as Cas while the angel tells them, haltingly at first, about folded light and compressed time and waves upon waves upon waves.
“It wants a friend?” Dean asks, disbelieving. “Oh, well. Fine. We’ll take it to playgroup, let it play with the building blocks with the toddlers.”
This time, when she stumbles, hands catch her. Deep brown hands, young and lean and shaking. She looks up into wide eyes and can’t get any words out past the aching choke of her breath.
Val gives up pretending she’ll sleep at just past midnight. At least, she isn’t going to sleep here, lying in the spare bed when she’s gotten used to being close to Beth under this roof.
Dean, she could live without. She was willing to accept Castiel would likely not be so sanguine about Dean’s loss, and she would do her best to get them all back out, but she could only do so much.
“Castiel,” Gertude says, and the only word to describe it is reverently. “Angel of Thursday, Solitude and Tears. Right?”
Riva tilts her head. She speaks as softly as she smiles, as though it’s just the two of them in the room. Castiel should be able to keep track of a whole room easily, but his awareness keeps slipping away from him.
Dean wants to tell Sam where to go, but twenty-hours is a long time to stew in his own worry, and he jerks his thumb at the teetering pile of books on the next table, the ones he couldn’t make sense of.
“Anyway,” she says, only partially acting the scowl she sends at Beth, “you were the one who brought him home first.”
Castiel sets the pad of his index finger on Beth’s shin, just enough so she knows he’s close. Physical proximity can be comforting, he’s found, if it’s from the right person.
Castiel refuses to say anything else as they park, as they make their way into the shop. It’s more like a warehouse, far larger than anywhere he went to as Steve. He follows Sam to the aisles with jeans and sweaters and other things he might need.
Hesitantly, she set the back of her hand against his forehead. A pointless gesture in a lot of ways, but it made her feel more like she was trying something.
“Sounds like they’ve hurt each other for years,” Riva says, but she says it calmly, and she looks a question at Sam as she says it.
He catches sight of her back as she leaves the room, her hair a mass of dark curls, and he realises he still doesn’t know her name, and she still hasn’t asked him for his, but he feels he understands her better than he does the others. She wants to see her people safe. She burns with it. He gets that.
Castiel gripped the arms of the stone seat, the heat in his eyes unmistakable. Bela could almost see his wings, flexing and settling, flexing again. She could almost see the bonds that held him in place. Since he’d sat in the chair, Dean hadn’t let him leave it.
She pushed down on that wriggling element of hope that this was all a ploy, that she’d see Hannah again. She couldn’t afford to think that way, even if she kept it to herself. Playing the role was important for her, too. If this did turn out to be Dean taking the throne, for real, and keeping it, then at least Bela had a place. A respected place, as far as it went.
There are more episodes to watch, and watching allows him to quiet the irritation he feels under his borrowed skin at being confined to this place he was once denied. It must be that. He is an angel, and used to having purpose. That is all. Curling himself back under the blanket, he flicks his hand at the TV and disappears back into the glow.
Dean studies him before asking, “You said ‘we’ were in relationships. Is there something you need to tell me?”
Dean follows as Cas begins to walk away. “Then you leave me no choice but to go back and tell Roman that you stole from him.”
Crowding Dean into a bathroom, he pulls a chair in from their small lounge and gathers supplies. Locking them into the small space makes Dean nervous and edgy. Meeting his eye in the mirror, he promises, “You have nothing to fear from me, Dean. We may not be on the best of terms right now, but I appreciate that you saved me from certain imprisonment. I will do nothing to cause you harm.”
There’s more to the story, Cas knows, but he won’t push. He doesn’t want Dean to spook before they get a chance to know each other.
“Don’t ‘Oh, Dean’ me. I’ve been given opportunities only a handful of people will ever have.” His tone is rougher, more aggressive and emotional than Dean ever allows.
“It’s fine, I don’t mind. Really,” Dean said, immediately running his fingers along the base to find the little glands. They were very soft, and they made so much oil when he rubbed them.
Dean laughed. “No. No, it’s because Omegas bring light and joy. Where there are no Omegas, the land dies, hearts grow sorrowful, songs grow silent.”
“No, sir.” Cas can’t tell him that he has a guest here. As far as Uriel is concerned, they aren’t human when they are on the clock.
“I’ll kill you,” Dean growled from behind them, face wet with hot tears. “I’ll hunt you down and kill you all.”
“Dean, Dean, look at me!” he said, grabbing his mate’s jaw and moving it to face him. There was a brief flicker of life, a little gasp of air, a tiny whimper. “Yes, Dean, come on. Hold on.”
Despite everything, Cas could still smell Dean’s heat, feel it deeply affecting him, making him hard. Dean instinctively nuzzled the growing bulge.
An example of one of the Fell Creatures that wander the dark, the kind of thing you have to watch out for at night, especially during a Black Moon. A Fell Beast is a manifestation of darkness, demons can take on their true form sometimes as Fell Beasts, as their humanoid form can be somewhat limiting.
“We’re here,” Cas grins and walks faster and with more intention. Dean trails behind him, not letting him get far enough ahead to be out of his sight line even for a second. Yet again, Dean thinks about how suited Cas is for this life. If Dean was left to his own devices, he’d get lost and die in that gargantuan maze.
But there was only one Omega he ever wanted, ever dreamed of. There wasn’t a day that passed that he didn’t think of precious Castiel. He ached for him. One night a month was so little, he almost couldn’t bear it. Each separation was worse, like his heart was being slowly clawed from his chest.
Dean nods and follows him sedately. As they get closer to the edge of the dome, he watches Dean covertly. His eyes dart everywhere, but he doesn’t speak.
Outside the gates, there lay in wait a small mercenary group Cas and Sam’d bought for the night, led by Anna. They were to come in later.
The bed is higher than most, and Dean notices that there are cabinet doors all around the base. Cas has thought of everything. Dean would be dead within a week of being out in the wilds, but Cas will live out here easily.
“Cursed? What, so he’s some dark god only allowed to walk the earth during a Black Moon, and he wants free of his chains?”
Walking a mile in their shoes has opened his eyes, and he frequently gives to the community outreach centers that are running on kindness and a prayer, with no budget in place. They are the only reason the lowest caste still exists in this city, and he does what he can to help them.
Castiel tried to muster a shaky smile, before glancing back at the ground. “When we first met, you asked me whether I was good or evil. And my answer is still the same. I am myself, and that will never change,” he said, drawing more lines with his feet.
At this, Cas turned his mate’s head to look him in the eye. “If you need eggs, we’ll get you eggs. I don’t give a damn how much they cost,” he said before sliding down to his ear to whisper warmly, “If you want to carry my pups, you will.”
They make it to the library, and Cas hopes that Dean isn’t disappointed after being pulled away from the cars. He needn’t have worried. Dean’s jaw gapes wide when they walk through the doors. The open atrium shows all of the floors above them, lit with natural sunlight coming in from the skylights above. They can see the vastness of the space from this main floor, but nothing of its contents. Taking the wide, marble steps to the first floor, Cas goes to his favorite room; the archives. In this room all of the ancient texts are housed. Once inside, Cas lights a candle so that they can see.
“Oh, that. I’m… I’m sorry for scaring you. I am not skilled at healing magic, so it drained me greatly. I’m more skilled with light magic,” he said, giving a sidelong look at Dean. “Smiting magic,” he said, staring, ready to gauge his wolf’s reaction.
Taking himself in hand again, Cas gets into a filthy rhythm, returning the favor of using Dean’s body to aid his rush toward release.
“Nothing personal, dear,” the redhead said over his pained cries, a smile on her lips. “But judging from that handprint and that arm of yours, this dark god seems to prefer you whole.”
He loosened his tie, taking off his suit coat, unbuttoning a few of his buttons and rolling up his sleeves.
Dean swallows hard, watching Cas’s eyes pick up the glint of sunlight when they enter the atrium again. He is divinely made, seemingly from another time. Cas is selfless, wise, and talented beyond reason. Of course he belongs here. Dean swears to himself that he will enjoy what time he has with Cas, and then be strong enough to let him leave. He does not deserve to be kept in a dome. He deserves freedom.
“I’ve always hated these things,” Dean confesses. “Now, they really freak me out. I had no idea they were dangerous to other people.”
The perfect innocence of this man is making Cas feel all sorts of things that he shouldn’t. It should not make him feel this fiercely protective of someone he just met, for instance. Okay, he’s always been partial to the underdog in every story he’s ever read, but that doesn’t mean he is Dean’s savior, come to break him free of an emotionless existence.
“Very good taste, sir,” he said as a litany of faces flashed up on a small touchscreen in front of him - one of several pages to scroll through. Dean wasn’t on the first page.
At breakfast, Dean glowers at his younger brother. Of course, his anger and frustration are hidden behind a mask of calm complicity, but inside, he’s furious. As he eats his spinach and egg white omelet with no oil, no cheese, and no taste, he’s sitting with all 6ft and 5 inches of Samuel Winchester who is inhaling his weight in processed carbohydrates. There are pancakes, toast, and fried potatoes to go with his bowl of oatmeal covered with brown sugar and raisins. On the side is a plate of bacon that must be stacked at least two inches tall.
“Dean…” Castiel’s eyes burned with an unfamiliar pain and his chest ached. Ached even more than it had every dawn before. “You don’t understand.”
He is amazed by the difference a few streaks of mud and a beggar’s bag can make. This is a typical disguise for him when he is taking a relic from a neglectful owner. It’s the most powerful deterrent he’s ever found for nosy people. As soon as he dons this garb, all eyes are averted. It’s as if he truly becomes invisible.
“Will you bring me here again someday?” he asks before he steps through the final door bringing them back.
The closer that they get to Cas’s home, the more intrigued Dean becomes. When Cas stops in front of a hatch with a circular wheel in place of a handle, he spins it to the left.
Here's Meg's crossbow! Megara has to use a crossbow because she isn’t physically intimidating. Besides, she likes it. She worked hard on making and carving that thing, leave her alone.
Sam snorts and flings a pillow over toward his brother. “I liked you so much better before Cas taught you sarcasm.”
“I know. Me neither,” he said, forcing them both forwards, pushing against the current that threatened to sweep them off their feet and carry them right into their captors' arms.
There isn’t anything to do but people watch while long, blue and green extensions are braided into his natural hair. They glitter with filaments of gold and are crimped with strands of freshwater pearls, stained in shades of pinks and more blues. They have already applied gold dust to his bare arms and painted on a delicate scale pattern with the most vibrant shimmering pigments. He hasn’t seen his face yet, but knowing these artists, he’s sure that he is hardly recognizable under the masterpiece they’ve created.
Castiel did his best to save face by trying to lean up to take a drink, only to feel something slide behind his head.
As soon as the event ends, he is bombarded with lines of guests willing to wait as long as necessary to get in front of him for a moment. Crowley is doing a good job of vetting them, and he sees twice as many people turn away in disappointment as there are people let near him. Next to him, Naomi waits for his nod of approval before guiding them over to look at his calendar while he is left to deal with the next one waiting.
Dean hadn’t realized that their relationship was so close to ending. He thought they had a year at least. It sounds like Cas is close to making this his home. He’s glad that the cabin is too dark for Cas to see his pain.
“Didn’t think I’d remember, did you? Ah, well don’t you worry about that! I remember every dick that’s tried to fuck me,” she said as a cat snaked by Castiel’s leg and jumped into the witch’s arms. Judging by the cat’s face, it appeared to be 90% fluff. The other 10% was the souls of the damned. “Ah, hello, Beelzebub! Did you sense the nasty Naga entering your home?” she said, snuggling it before looking up at Dean, who almost brushed the roof of her hut. “So, what do you want, sweetcheeks?”
Before he could finish that thought, however, Castiel yelped, arching his back as Dean’s fingers brushed across something inside him, something that sent a surge of pleasure shooting through his body.
And, in that night, the god Dean, the god of families, started from his work, as though his heart had been pierced through with a thousand knives.
“No, no, you’re perfect. You’re so perfect,” he said, leaning down to lick him clean. “You’re so perfect,” he repeated, incredibly aroused by how sensitive his love was.
Beyond a slight hiss, Alastair didn’t respond, but kept smiling. “You must be ‘Cas,’ then! Oh, he cried for you so much that first week. It’s alright, though. We cured him of that. Got him to stop crying altogether - broke him after only three months!” he chuckled.
“Don’t worry about us,” Bart adds. “We’ll always be here. How often is an opportunity like that going to pop up in your life?”
He hardly ever indulges this vice, only when he is truly pent up and desperate, only when he cannot bear the cravings for another minute. A shiver of anticipation coasts down his spine as he ducks out a servant entrance and keeps his head turned from the cameras. Keeping his footsteps quiet on the ground, he forces his strides to stay steady; not too fast or too anxious. His mecca is only a few short minutes away, but the way is fraught with peril. Dean is vigilant even in his disguise.
“Castiel?” Dean shouted, standing to his feet and running to the shore. The voice hadn’t come from far away. “Castiel!”
“Most good things are.” Cas emphasizes his point by nipping at one of Dean’s nipples on his descent. Dean hisses and chuckles, squirming out of his reach. Instead of fighting to get that little bud back, Cas kisses down his flat stomach, loving the way the muscles jump under his lips.
Dean couldn’t help but smile watching him. Castiel was going to be alright. And the face he made at the taste was so endearing.
He waited until it was mid-evening because he knew that Cas would be busy during dinner rush. He dressed carefully to appear as a higher class Shokunin worker, an appropriate head scarf so that he could enter the restaurant without issue. Now all he needs to do is step through the door and find Cas.
At last, though, his little mate was clean. He carried him out, lay him on a cot. They hooked him up to an IV, stuffed some tubes down his throat. Said it would take a few days for the drugs to get out of his system.
“An emergency?” Cas’s concern is immediate and consuming. He crouches down next to Dean. “What happened?”
This merely seemed to anger her, however, and she immediately snapped at his neck, jaws clenching around it.
But when he got out, Dean wasn’t at their table. He wasn’t anywhere. People said the pretty Omega’d left with two women in a blue pickup - must’ve drugged him. Didn’t get the license plate.
“You remembered!” His joy is guileless, and it makes Cas want to bring him every sweet thing under this sterile dome.
He was lean, flushed, breathing deeply, chest rising and falling, revealing his little ribs and the curves and planes of his body, all flowing into each other perfectly, as if carved by a master sculptor.
Castiel shrugged. “Alright. There are oil glands at the base of my wings, kinda rub them a bit to get your fingers oily and just, like… scrub them in the wings. But lightly, smoothing them down in the process? Nevermind, I’m explaining it badly, and it’ll get your hands oily, so you’d better not-”
Even a couple sunrises after the Black Moon, when Dean finally returned to his prospective pack, Castiel still weighed heavily on his heart. The Omega was his true mate. He knew it. Castiel felt so perfect, so
Dean sounds bereft enough that Cas believes him. He sits with those thoughts until they get to the restaurant and bar he works in, and they make their way to the Sabanto entrance at the back. Just then, he realizes that he isn’t carrying his normal ID, so they have to wait for a fellow employee to come out before they can make their way inside.
The Omega slowly looked around, taking inventory of himself. He still wasn’t fully lucid as the drugs still hadn’t entirely left his system; something made evident by how he moved, how he sounded. But when he caught sight of Cas, something lit up in his cold, dead eyes, and he froze.
It was devastating, only gaining so little. This venture was not soon to end. But that’s alright. It was worth it. For his Castiel, it was worth it.
But now, even in the somehow dry warmth, now even back to being able to feel their limbs. Now there was their other problem.
“Gotcha!” She at last said, holding the blood-drenched arrow triumphantly, replacing it in the quiver on her back.
Castiel huffed. “You’d better be right. If I die of whatever this is, I swear to the gods I’ll haunt you forever.”
“I’m not leaving you,” Castiel said, biting back his own tears as he clumsily hauled his brother over his shoulders.
At what must be an order, Dean halted in his tracks, averting his gaze from the god, and baring his neck to show his deference. His heart was pounding in his chest, his breath rapid.
“Mm hm,” he said, tracing another patch at his lower spine. “And these look like a serpent!” he laughed before sighing happily. “You have so many speckles. I could draw in them for hours.”
Cas kisses him then, morning breath be damned. “Eventually. Although, I think you should probably fuck me first. Today, I just want to show you how your body can loosen up to take my cock.”
There will be no romance in Dean’s future. No love. His marriage will be just a business arrangement to make his sponsors a hefty sum of money and power.
“You’re Yumeijin,” he guesses quietly. Dean swallows, making his Adam's apple bob. With a jerky nod, he confirms that Cas is in a great deal more trouble than he suspected. The laws that protect those of Dean’s caste are harsh. Cas could be killed for simply being in a room alone with Dean.
“Right,” he replies, stretching it out in sarcasm. “Your appearance on this side of the restaurant has nothing to do with that bit of eye candy over there?”
Though that day seemed afar off, Dean drew closer to it every moment that he worked to gather more for the spell. As of right now, Dean had only collected one ingredient - horn of a golden stag, the easiest one to obtain. Besides a bit of information on the rarer pieces, that was all he’d accomplished in one month.
Guilty looks pass between them, but before they can speak another word, the elevator dings on their floor.
Dean does as he suggests, struggling a bit with the tall laces until Cas kneels down to help. “Don’t worry, I won’t actually touch you,” he snaps at the Yumeijin.
Now that he could stand, in a search for something to do, he swept the dirt and leaves away to see what this was a shrine for.
“No!” he shouted. “Cas isn’t evil! You can’t do this!” he said, trying to shake free of Rowena’s hold on him.
“Which one to do want to try first?” Cas asks when he gets to the rack of new suits that have been altered.
Looking appalled, Dean is quick to make him understand that he isn’t casting any judgment on Cas’s home.
Cas shakes off the haze and seems to remember that he was in a hurry. “It’s really good to see you again, Dean, but…”
Also, because of the difficulty in collecting and making all these ingredients, she only has a few of these arrows. She’s used them more than once - she takes them out and cleans them after using them. Saves her some effort.
“Not everything, but I’m confident in my skills. My parents taught me a lot of what I know. They had both been out here frequently before they met, and we kept it up while they were alive.”
“I didn’t know if I’d ever see you again,” he said, meekly. He was caught up in the heat and depth and feeling of his wolf’s embrace, being pressed so close into his chest, close enough to hear his beating heart. It was so strong. Slowly, he ran his hands up his wolf’s sides, pulling him closer to feel his breathing, his heartbeat.
At last, Dean finally reached the belt of his slacks, ravenously undoing the clasp as he mouthed at the growing bulge with such intensity as to make the Alpha arch his neck back in pleasure. He let out a low growl.
“Are you okay, Dean?” Realizing that he’s been pondering this question for far too long, Dean quirks a lop-sided grin and nods.
Dean let out a soft whimper as he gingerly wrapped him in his arms, the tears finally falling unbidden. "How could you be anything like my Castiel?" He said, unconsciously holding him tighter. "How could a god be so sweet and loving? So gentle and soft? So eager to see the world?" He said, nuzzling into his hair. "How could that be you? How could that Castiel be the Moon God?"
Dean laughed. “Fish can taste a lot of different ways, depending on how you cook it and what you add to it. Open up,” he said, giving another spoonful to Cas, who already looked so much better. He didn’t even have to hold the Omega’s head up this time.
Cas quirks a lop-sided grin at him. “What about you? I’ve never heard you or Sam talk about your parents.”
Cas swallowed. “White, with freckles if you can,” he said, doing his best not to let his voice crack.
Dean crosses his arms over his chest. “Since I assume you don’t want to deal with the Peacekeepers outside, I think you should anyway.”
“Oh, that is troubling. I hope you catch the intruder.” He scowls and says the words loud enough for their hidden guest to overhear.
“There were several calls those two women got - several buyers. Only one would buy someone that pretty.”
Turns out, he was. For a while they were softer, but at the very least there was a soft sigh at each released pinfeather. Not so much for the loose feathers, but the pinfeathers were enough. Especially when Dean got to the feathers on the underside of his wings. He seemed to be a
A puzzled look crossed the Omega’s expressive face as he looked deep into Dean’s eyes, as if such an act was incomprehensible, foreign. “I thank you, Dean. You are very generous,” he said, gently taking the berries from the Alpha’s large hands.
Dean ran a few fingers through his love’s hair, damp with a cold sweat, before he looked down at Castiel’s neck.
He looked up to meet the gaze of no less than several dozen fell beasts, eyes glowing red, their black flesh melting to give way to new disease, falling into the lake the slither and infect, skulls and horns sharpened and dark with blood. One in particular stood so tall as to peek above the trees, all matted fur and cracking bone and flaying skin.
“Okay, you little anarchist,” Cas laughs. “ Now that I know who you are, we need to be very careful. We both know that you aren’t supposed to be alone with anyone unchaperoned, so if anyone finds us together, we’re both in trouble.”
Castiel took a deep breath of relief and pulled away, kneeling before his lover, baring his throat in submission. “Then will you take me as your mate, Dean? Even after deceiving you, after all I have done to you, can you forgive me? Will you be my Alpha?”
Castiel was about to protest again, but he was starting to feel lightheaded from the blood loss. And Dean’s arms were so warm…
Cas sees Dean’s worldview take another tumble through his highly expressive face. The poor man must be reeling from all the unexpected twists and turns he’s navigating tonight.
He looked over at his trembling brother, knowing that soon they’d have to resubmerge back into the water to hide their scent. And he didn’t know if they’d be able to survive that. Not again.
“Still,” he commanded. Instantly, Dean stopped moving, save for a few twitches, his breathing hitching in his throat. He keened pathetically.
When Dean sits down in the makeup chair, Jo shows him the vision of what he will look like. “That’s terrifying. They really want me to look like a monster?”
But Castiel didn't return his gaze. His eyes were so unfocused, so dim, and the horrible gurgling croaks in his throat soon turned into the unmistakable sound of death rattles.
The man smiles. Now that he is closer, Dean sees the rich blue color of his eyes. He’s never seen their equal.
Dean looked down to see another wolf climbing up the tree to meet him. He shot it between the eyes. Before he could go back to picking off wolves, however, something hit him from behind.
“Yes!” Castiel said happily. “As soon as we take care of this fire, I can get on your back, and you can run me around.”
“Dean, Dean,” Cas said, grabbing the stray hand and lifting it to his mouth to kiss it gently. “No, no. It’s just me. I’ve got you, Dean. I’ve got you. I love you,” he said, stroking the hand and his mate’s head tenderly, soothingly.
Despite the obvious lies, he came away from the experience wanting more. There was so much more that he wanted to learn about Cas. Neither of them tried to get the other’s information, but to be honest, Dean had desperately wanted to. The ID bracelet he’d been wearing wasn’t his own, though. It was Cole’s, so Cas would have known immediately that he had lied. Besides, the situation is untenable. He is not allowed to date, and after an hour on the treadmill this afternoon, he had pondered the question long enough to know that is what he wants. His interest in Castiel is not like his interest in his other friends, as few and far between as they are.
“You can’t. You’ll die. They’ll rip you apart,” Castiel said, reaching to gently lift Dean’s chin to meet his gaze. “I’m so sorry for being so cruel to you, you don’t deserve that. If you don’t want to see or meet me next Black Moon, I’ll understand. You have a life to live here, a home to be made
still have speckles! All over!” he said, running his hands excitedly through Dean’s thick fur. “How fast can you run?”
The druid’s turfhouse was near the edge of the pack’s territory, away from everyone else, as, while they depended on Megara for certain needs and provided her with anything she needed or wanted, everyone was still a bit frightened of her, of her powers. It was and has always been a tenuous alliance. After all, magic is a terrifying thing in this dangerous world.
The door unlocks automatically with his ID bracelet, and he drags himself into the echoing, cavernous front hall. Every footstep sounds like an ominous clap on the pristine, uncut slab of marble. Dean is exhausted and doesn’t try to silence his heavy footfalls. Speaking of his brother, Samuel pokes his head out of their downstairs library and waves Dean in.
Cas jumps up, swinging the window wide that overlooks the other floors below. “We are both clothed and not being inappropriate in any way.  I promise.”
Dean’s guileless gaze locks on Castiel’s and neither of them have the strength to break that magnetic pull.
At that, Dean cooled, again reverting to his normal state as he returned to the two little Omegas, unclothed, clutching to the other as if they were each other’s whole world.
Nothing, he supposed. Castiel wouldn’t want a mate that couldn’t care for or feed himself, much less one that couldn’t take care of such a precious Omega as he. Castiel deserved better.
He has worked for a full hour or more on those tables. Losing the tips on them now would put him even farther away from his already behind schedule.
They’d just been dealing with a trio of brothers terrorizing a couple of farms. This was supposed to be easy. This was supposed to be a milk run.
“Who you are,” Dean repeated. “Who are you, Castiel?” he said, scenting the little Omega in his arms.
, the Naga didn’t last very long at all, coming harder than he ever had before, doing his best to hold back his sounds so that nobody could hear him.
The Omega gasped, whimpering pitifully as he felt himself stretch around Dean’s thick, heavy cock, working itself deeper and deeper inside of him. God, it was so thick, spreading him open almost painfully. Even when he thought Dean couldn’t delve any farther, he just kept going, burying himself deep within him. God, he could feel every single inch of Dean’s cock, the width of the head, the swell of the knot catching on his insides and sensitive rim.
“If you’re a pretty Omega and you get kidnapped, scar your face. Scar it bad. That way at least you’ll be sold to a breeder.”
Cas laughs and then realizes that he’s laughing alone. The look on Dean’s face isn’t teasing. It’s open and innocent.
As for the arrows, well, that’s what makes this special. Arrows made for slaying evil have three components - silver arrowhead, shaft made of black wood and carved with runes, and feathers of a gryphon. Each component must also be enchanted to be more effective. Meg herself isn’t talented enough in enchantments to make arrows strong enough to kill anything greater than a run-of-the-mill demon. She’d need help to make it powerful enough to slay greater demons and dark gods.
“I’m so, so sorry, Sam,” his older brother whispers with a wobble to his voice that Sam knows will lead to tears if he doesn’t diffuse the situation. Tears and super stars lead to questions that neither of them want to deal with.
While she has done some dabbling in demonslaying, it was only in an apprentice setting. Thus, she has little experience herself in fighting off fell beasts or dark gods.
"Then why all the lies? Why didn't you just tell me, or run away if you didn't even want to grant me that courtesy? Why string me along for a year? Am I just some sort of plaything to you? Is that why you made me think you loved me?!” The wolf said, leaning forward to dare to meet Castiel face to face.
“Mine,” he said, sliding another finger inside, the Alpha in him practically roaring at the thought.
He didn’t know. But there was a sense of foreboding in the air, as if something terrible was about to happen.
“Dean, Dean, you can’t die now. You can’t. I need you. Please. You’re everything to me. You’re my life, my soul, my reason to live. Please,” Cas said, weeping as hot tears rolled down his face. “You can’t let this get you. The Dean I know wouldn’t let this get him. Hell, Dean, you’re the most untameable Omega I’ve ever seen. Wild and free as the ocean, no Alpha could break your spirit, subdue you, break you. And you-” he broke, voice hitching in his throat. “You chose to submit to
Dean’s mind raced trying to think of what might be wrong, what poison this could be. He immediately reached down to feel his mate’s bare torso, just above his pelvis, giving it a push. “Does this hurt?”
Taking a few steps inside, the dark is utter and complete. He hears scuffing footsteps as Cas walks around behind him. With a click, he sees a flame to his right and sees Cas holding a lighter flame to the first of several simple candles.
It takes Sam a minute to wrap his head around the bizarre question, but he is nothing if not intelligent. “The rumors are true?”
“How did it happen?” Dean inquires. Cas takes in the gorgeous man sitting in his home. He longs for this friendship in ways that he isn’t comfortable admitting. He has friends, but he would never tell them any of this. They wouldn’t understand. They wouldn’t believe him. Somehow, Dean’s innocence is so pure that he believes.
He enters the back door of the cabin just in time for the kettle to start raising its complaints. It’s still more of a wobbly whistle than a full shrieking, but it catches Dean off guard all the same. Cas watches as he sits up and tries to scramble to his feet while still naked and tangled in the heavy blanket.
“I’m fine,” Castiel said, exasperated. He let himself be hurt by a dumb criminal. He was better than this, he’d bested much more skilled fighters, and yet some idiot had ambushed them and done this.
Dean flushes under the stare, certain now that he’s been found out. That’s the only reason that this man would be so interested in him. Well, if he’s caught, he’s caught. It’s not going to steal the joy of indulging in this sugary bliss. Defiantly, he takes another bite which is even better than the first. He moans and lets his eyes slide shut as he savors the combination that works together to create perfection.
At last, though, he pulled away, resting against the furs laid out behind him and staring vacantly up at the ceiling. “How long was I unconscious?” he asked, voice scraping his throat.
It turned out drinking it before bed was a good idea, as it made him incredibly drowsy, so he fell asleep mere minutes after hitting the pillow.
Cas watches his face, pondering. Finally, he looks down at his hands. “I wish you hadn’t been there to see that.”
It wasn’t long before Dean was covered in their blood like warpaint, his own blood intermingling with theirs. For a moment, they pulled back to stare at the gore-drenched warrior before them, breathing hard, guarding his love even when he might already be dead. Not that it mattered. All that mattered was that he was close, that he was protected.
The world beyond the domed, contained world that is all he’s ever known. The sounds alone are enough to draw him in. Bird calls are thick like they cover every branch of every tree. The rest of the sounds are completely unrecognizable, but they send a thrill up his spine. He takes a step forward, looking up to see himself pass beyond the thickness of the dome. Though his heart is racing, it is equal parts fear and exhilaration.
Crowley storms to the front of the crowd, growling his displeasure with a beet red, apoplectic face. “Where have you been? Did the peacekeepers find you?”
There were two elevators. He pressed the button to call them and waited until one arrived. Once it did, Cas got in and pressed the button for the third floor. The doors opened. He took a right down the hallway.
“Keep it, Castiel,” Dean said, unable to speak above a whisper. His gaze dropped to the floor as he shoved Castiel’s hands back towards the Omega. “I made it for
It feels good to protect these items for future generations. One day, he will create a safe space for people of all castes to come and learn about the world before Kanpeki Basho. Until then, he will keep them protected.
God, seeing his mate like this, so obedient, shaking with effort to stay motionless and keep from coming…? It was almost too much.
“Dean?” he called out at the den mouth. The dark den mouth. “Dean?” he called out as he walked inside, only to find it littered with leaves, the torch unlit, the air stale.
He’s been in various states of undress with his valets, but this is the first time he’s offering his body to anyone. He knows his body is beautiful to look at. He works insanely hard to keep it this way. It is still difficult to allow this vulnerability.
Dean started to shake. Two powerful and dangerous druids were only meters away. Any second Rowena could flick her wrist and snap his neck so that they might feast on his heart for strength.
Sometimes he went outside. But, the way everyone looked at him… he couldn’t take it for too long. Their eyes were full of pity but they turned away when he passed by. The children looked at his stump of an arm like he was some sort of freak. Everyone did nothing but look down on him, as if they were waiting for the day he’d die and stop being their problem.
The Great Fell Beast chuckled as it used its razor sharp forelimbs to pierce through each one of Castiel’s shoulders, pinning them down.
“What is it?” Cas asks, eyes focused intently on Dean’s teeth worrying at his lip. He wants to tug that lip between his own, suck on it, nip at it.
“Alright, alright,” Crowley barks. “Yes, he’s gorgeous. He was beautiful before, and he always will be. Can we please get back to work? Mr. Winchester has a concert to perform this evening.”
“Have you any Alpha you wish to take care of you?” he whispered to the trembling, whimpering Omegas.
Cas squeezes from the base to the tip, milking more precome out of them. Collecting the droplets on his palm, he rubs over their heads and down the shafts to slick the way. Dean curses, startling Cas out of his movements. He’s never heard any kind of foul language from Dean, and it makes Cas
The cut was supposed to glow with grace. But it barely flickered. Dean didn’t even react to the wound beyond a weak shudder.
Then he felt it. A hand grabbing his arm, yanking him aside, pinning his chest against a wall. He was so weak, mind so hazy. Around him, the scent of aroused Alpha and old smoke. He shivered. It was getting so hot.
Even when he was fairly lucid, he didn’t speak much. He mostly stared ahead and grasped for his Alpha. He was silent for over a week after being released from the hospital, lost in depression. Cas would often sit by him, just holding him, letting him know he was there. The Alpha didn’t need to say anything, he just had to let Dean work through it. Dean himself barely moved or acknowledged him.
"As much as it pains me to leave you guys, I need to get ready for my date. You two have fun on yours."
It snows the day of the Christmas party. The world is covered in white and even though Dean's nerves are killing him, there's a lightheartedness to his surroundings that keeps him from completely freaking out.
"Wait, let me get this out first: There is a lot you don't know about him and it is most certainly not my story to tell, but he's been through a lot of shit, so he does not take conflict very well."
The things he‘s blurted out still haunt him in his sleep and he simply hopes that Dean has forgotten them.
Nevertheless, he randomly grabs one of the many candy bowls from the coffee table and shuffles towards the door.
The notebook, as insignificant and unimpressive as seems from the outside, is no longer just a notebook to Cas.
"Hey Constantine," he calls out and lets himself fall on the couch next to Castiel, who startles and stares at him with wide eyes.
So if Cas is the one to say it out loud, then that's fine. Because the way Dean's face lights up and his eyes and smile become unbearably soft every time he hears Cas say the words tells Cas all he needs to know.
"So, Castiel, now that we know each other, what are you doing here? I am sure you got better things to do than sit around in a coffee shop all day and get your ear talked off by an intrusively curious barista."
"It would be great if you could not file a restraining order against me," he said, only half joking.
He looks peaceful and relaxed, and it makes Dean's heart hurt a little because Cas is always so laser focused in class that he sometimes seems to forget to take time for himself and have fun every now and then.
After last year's disastrous events, Cas had decided to take matters into his own hands and host a get together at his own apartment.
Ash is the calmest person on the planet, and to see him in a state other than deep relaxation is just too weird to not be funny.
With his friends gone, Dean decides to pick up after them and go back inside. It's probably a good time to make an exit himself.
Leaning against the hood of a gorgeous black car, he always looks like a model from the cover of a magazine: Impossibly handsome and impossible to look away from.
Dean gingerly sat on the couch, using the opportunity to let his gaze wander around Castiel's apartment.
"In my hand I hold a bag with all of your names in it. Now before I hand you one randomely chosen paper with the name of the person whose Secret Santa you are, there are a few more information you need: It's up to you when and how you give your gift as long as you don't reveal yourself in doing so. The only rule is that you have to give something personal. Give something from the heart. It doesn't have to be handmade or anything, but it should be meaningful in some way. Now it's you choice whether you want to reveal who you are on Christmas Day or if you keep it secret as long as everyone gets their present."
This whole situation is just one elaborate show to make clear that Cas is not cut out to ever date Dean Winchester. Ever.
Immediately all eyes turn to Meg who - like Castiel - has begun to aggressively fan herself. She stops mid-motion to glare at the three of them.
However, the shy smile on Dean's face is answer enough and Cas lets out a breath, he didn't know he was holding.
"I retreat into my shell and I'm sorry for any discomfort or hurt that might have caused and I hope you can forgive me."
"I'm afraid, we'll have to wait," Rowena shrugs, completely unbothered, "Unless of course one of you knows how to fix such a thing."
The final minutes of the year are quickly passing by, but Cas doesn't mind the fact that he's spending them out here beneath the sky instead of inside where the party continues to rage on.
The walls were painted in warm earthy tones, there were even more books here and the couch was comfortable and equipped with soft pillows.
His hands tighten around the steering wheel and he's going way faster than the speed limit would allow, but he doesn't care.
“I know, it’s a blessing and a curse,” Cas says, seeing his chance to finally contribute to the conversation.
"What do you mean?," he is proud, when his voice doesn't falter even though he already feels like crying. He does not really want to know the answer to that question, but it will kill him to bare the uncertainty for only one moment longer..
Dean is just the right amount of drunk. He feels the buzz of the alcohol taking away any discomfort, and he can't stop smiling for the life of him.
"The most beautiful girl I've ever seen In. My. Life. walks in," she exhales dramatically and a dopey smile spreads on her face.
And so they walk. Cas leans heavily against Dean's side and stumbles over his own feet multiple times, but somehow they make it to the front porch of Cas's house.
Cas is still not entirely sure how exactly Charlie caught wind of his silly crush that hasn't faded one bit even after almost over a year, but she invited Dean along before Cas could even begin to object. He does not mind in the least. It borders a miracle that after all this time he still hasn't met the man who has been like an older brother to his best friend.
Castiel is not sure if he likes the silence. Without the anchoring presence of Dean's voice, he feels himself drift away.
Cas is distantly aware that he’s blatantly invading Dean’s personal space but the other boy is not moving away.
Since both people he'd usually hang out with at parties are busy courting their potential girlfriends, he scans the crowd for familiar faces to talk to.
"So am I Dean. And please don't beat yourself up about this. Everybody progresses in their own time. You're not late, because you don't know what you want yet."
He wants to say something, but his mind comes up empty, so he presses a kiss to the top of Dean's head instead and leaves his nose buried in the light brown strands.
All of his friends have entirely different tastes in snacks and he tries to be considerate as to make everyone feel comfortable.
The only difference between Balthazar's outfit and his usual choice of clothing was that the neckline of his tight black shirt was even more revealing.
The ridiculousness of both the situation and the idea that Cas could have wanted to kiss him bring tears to his eyes, and he laughs until his stomach hurts.
"Why don't we get to have what everyone else has?," Dean asks and he sounds so young and vulnerable that Cas wants nothing more than to reach out for his boyfriend and hold him close.
"It's nothing," he said, looking at the menu like he did not know exactly what he was going to order.
"Come on, Cas," he kneels beside the other boy and carefully shakes his shoulder, "hey buddy, wake up!"
Technically, he could still watch the horror movies and stuff his face with food but doing it alone seems pretty pathetic in light of his actual plans.
This is where the night ends, where their ways part, and where it's up to Cas if they go back to the way things were before or if something new will happen.
He licks his lips and is about to say whatever his empty excuse of a brain is able to come up with, when Cas loses balance and face-plants into his lap.
Doesn't Dean know that Cas cherished their talks and that they were the only reasons he looked forward to the classes he did not share with any of his few friends?
"Nothing," Dean whispers back, and all of a sudden, he's touching Cas's hair and doing exactly what he vowed not to do moments ago, and how weird does this make him look?
"I am just gonna make your order," Dean says and great, now he is narrating himself, because that's how much of a professional he is.
" I wanted to apologize," Cas explains with a shaky smile, "for how I acted when we last met. I didn't mean to be ignorant or offensive, I simply …"
"... do for you?", his voice is low and scratchy and somehow makes the standard question sound like a mix between a sexual proposal and an offer for a spontaneous therapy session.
It was Cas who wasn't brave enough to keep the conversation flowing by moving the subject to anything non-school related even though he knew that Dean hated having to sit still and suffer through lessons that mostly didn't interest him and was probably not keen on having to talk about it.
"This is not what I am usually like," Dean tried to assure as he stumbled backwards through the room.
His phone rings and for a moment he considers ignoring the call until he sees it's Sam, because if there is one person he can talk to about this mess, it is his pain in the ass, too smart for his own good little brother.
His tears are running down Cas' cheek and they taste like salt water and make Cas think of the ocean he was floating in, just moments ago.
"Why would it be uncomfortable? You guys both told me on separate occasions that you've cleared up your misunderstanding and I know for a fact that you two have a whole lot of things in common.”
Squaring his shoulders he exits the room and carefully blocks out his feelings until he is behind the wheel and on the open road.
"That's a reason to not show up there! I will become a fumbling mess the moment he looks at me and I am actually scared for what happens if he tries to talk to me," Dean tries his best to look as miserable as possible, but unfortunately for him, Charlie is immune to his puppy dog eyes and drags him further along.
His smile is wide, and he looks happier and more at ease than Dean has ever seen him, and if his slightly red cheeks are any indication, his friends have gotten him at least a little drunk.
All Cas can do is blink owlishly at the man in front of him. He had been so preoccupied with feeling betrayed and alone that he hadn't even considered the possibility of Dean stopping by without Charlie.
Her bright red hair is standing out against the white walls of the office and clashes with the pink color of her overheated skin.
"Since I’m busy tonight, how about you take my ticket and go the movies with Cas?”, she asks innocently and Cas chokes on his own spit.
There’s no use in trying to determine that know, he thinks, forcing himself to focus on the situation unfolding in front of him.
He doesn’t look at Cas, just stares at his feet, shoulders hunched like he’s waiting for Cas to start laughing, to hurt him.
"I'm aware of what I'm doing, Dean," Cas protests, but he's blinking rapidly as if he's about to fall asleep again, and his words are still not as clear as Dean would need them to be to believe him.
The world was spinning and the ground was shifting and even though the cold night air had helped him sober up a little, he was stumbling over his own feet.
Cas meets his eyes with the same striking openness he always does and Dean feels a rush of affection for his dorky best friend who speaks like a textbook and takes everything too seriously, but is honest and kind and understands him in a way no one else does.
"Listen," she leans in closely and while Cas would usually appreciate the illusion of privacy, the body heat she's radiating, is almost too much for him.
Cas is on the edge of the bed, ready to close the distance between them, to hold Dean tight and tell him however often he needs to hear it that it's okay to not be ready to come out, that he should wait until he feels safe enough to uncover that part of himself for the world to see; but Dean beats him to it, falling to his knees in front of Cas, wrapping his arms around Cas' waist and pressing his cheek against his stomach.
"Well, I'm glad you decided to do us all that favor," Balthazar wheezes, once he is able to contain his laughter, "however, I should now go and return to my duties as a host. You know where everything is."
"Yeah nicer," Charlie repeats, making a vague gesture that betrays her discomfort and now Cas is sure that her perception of his staring is of an entirely different nature.
"Hey, I am so sorry, man. I totally forgot to check up on you. Do you still want something?", Dean asks sheepishly even though he knows it's not his fault that he's manning the shop alone.
They watch her retreating figure until Dean rubs his palms together and shots Cas a sideways glance.
Normally Cas likes his job - or at least doesn't hate it -, but spending nine hours in a room with broken air conditioning is not exactly his idea of fun, especially not on one of the hottest days of the year.
He's on his way over to Benny instead (whose vampire costume was clearly created with minimal effort).
"I knew you were one of the good ones," she says which is, once again, not at all what Cas expected, "But I'm not gonna lie, you had me kinda worried. For a moment I really thought my gut was letting me down. The whole situation makes
The silence between them is companionable, but Cas finds himself scrambling for something to say. He desperately wishes for their conversation to continue and curses his useless brain for its emptiness.
Then he pulls the door shut behind him, blocking out all the noise from unintelligible conversations being screamed over the terrible music.
Dean's eyes fly open and he stumbles back, out of Cas' reach, the happiness washed away by waves of hurt and betrayal.
"Get your ass back here, you two got some talking to do," Sam says, his voice leaving no room for argument.
He's not the type to develop feelings. In fact, he's never had a crush other than on Dr.Sexy and after years of one night stands, he had been convinced he was broken.
"Sorry, you don't have to tell me, of course. I was just trying to make conversation and I mean, it's not like it's a grave question, because really you can just answer with yes or no, so it's not a big deal, but you seem kinda sad, so maybe it is for you and I didn't mean to overstep or bring back bad memories or anything and ...,"
"It's just ... You seem to know exactly what you want to do with your life. You know your path like its already been paved, just waiting to be tread on. And here I am and I got nothing. I have no clue where I am headed, not even the hint of a direction. I have all these choices and I am incapable of making one and god, maybe that means I don't deserve them."
Air conditioning and soft lighting just can't equal the feeling of a breeze ruffling his hair and sunshine on his skin. Cas closes his eyes for a moment, allowing himself to simply enjoy the feeling.
"I'm sorry," he repeated again, swallowing against the lump in his throat, "You don't ever have to see me again, but uhm ..."
"I told Sam about my plan and that I was not sure how you'd react and that I was afraid you would get angry. I am aware of your temper so I consulted your brother, since he knows you best. He told me to "go for it" and so I did. Of course I now see that I should have tried a different approach."
He does not know how to strike up a conversation and Cas is so stoic and silent that it feels inadequate to start a conversation about something meaningless or shallow. He only realizes he's fidgeting with his hands when Castiel puts his own on top of Dean's, reversing the situtation from before. There is an easy smile on his face, completly different from what Dean has seen of him so far and he can feel the corners of his lips turn up at the sight of it.
Once he's done he sets down the steaming cup on the table and slides on the bench across from the man.
Ash hands him a bottle of who knows what, and before he even knows it, the three of them are immersed in conversation.
Belatedly he realizes that he is staring, so he clears his throat, wills the blush away he can feel coloring his cheeks and forces his voice into use.
Dean knows it as good as any other soldier, yet he sits on the ground reaching for something, looking like a lost little boy rather than the man he's forced to be.
This whole situation that's been forced upon him, how insignificant it may be in reality, feels like a huge weight on his chest.
He's already wearing comfortable clothes but now that it will be just him, he might as well break out his most ridiculous pair of sweatpants.
However, before he can scrape up the courage to actually go over to him again, the bell over the door announces the arrival of a group of college students who flood the coffee shop and seem way to eager to buy toothrottingly sweet coffee and pastries. Dean prepares their orders in lightning speed, but more and more people are coming in and he doesn't even have a second to catch his breath. The rush that was both dreaded and anticipated has finally arrived and he knows that once it's over, the shop will be empty and deserted again, so he might find time to call Sam and at least wish him a merry Christmas over the phone.
Instead he schools his expression into a professional smile and gestures to the tables and booths around him.
At first, Cas can only shake his head. This is so much worse than everything he imagined and he feels terrible, even though there is no way he could have known.
He had dozed off in the middle of Charlie's passionate rant about a series he'd never heard off and woken up half an hour later, absolutely mortified and certain he'd be fired on the spot.
The door to the garden opens and people are streaming out, flooding the space, getting ready to watch the firework, but Dean doesn't break eye contact.
"Oh my god, really?," Meg groans, "we've been stood up for ages, because of a 'lack of resources' when it takes five minutes to fix this?! God, I hate this company."
"Don't apologize. Your willingness to stand up for your friends is an admirable quality," he tells her, "I just wish it hadn't been me who caused you to do it. I really am sorry."
"Did Sam set you up to do this?," Dean asks, finally meeting Cas' eyes. He does not want to believe his little brother could be so cruel, but to his horror Cas nods, even though his expression is now guarded as well.
Not a drop of sweat is visible anywhere on her body, no hair is out of place and her face doesn't even show the slightest hint of a blush.
If Dean didn't want to tell Cas, then that was his decision, and Cas had to accept that. That did not mean he had to like it.
"Listen, Dean, just tell me what's going on. Cas called and he seemed really upset, but I couldn't make any sense of what he was saying, so I promised to talk to you."
That’s probably another reason on the endless list of why they have not really spoken to each other.
Feverishly searching his brain for an excuse to remove himself from the situation, he completely misses the grin spreading on Dean's face.
“Hate to disappoint but my wardrobe is always this salacious,” he says dryly, pleases when Dean throws his head back and laughs.
Having been given wrong information on the dress code, he saw his chance to follow his long suppressed passion and showed up wearing an elaborate battle armor his best friend Charlie had helped put together.
"Please stay, if you like," Cas' voice was open and sincere and Dean has to pinch himself to make sure he wasn't dreaming, because this was just too good to be true.
Luckily, Charlie interrupts his thoughts as she bursts into the room again, phone raised in victory.
"Switching to the hard stuff, aren't we?," Dean asks and wow, he's officially the annoying waiter who comments on people's orders now.
The fall air feels cool on his skin and is a welcome change to the heat inside the house, the unavoidable by-product of so many people sharing so little space.
"Or don't do either and just give him something thoughtful you think he'll like. It's Secret Santa not the end of the world and half the people here are going to give away mugs anyway, because they panic and don't have any idea for a personal gift."
Cas nods gratefully and they share a smile of wordless understanding, before both focussing on the road ahead of them as music fills the silence between them.
"Anyways, no one is standing behind the counter, so we are just awkwardly standing around, looking at the display cases, when all of a sudden …"
When he enters Dean's room, the boy in question has already begun doing his homework, so instead of diving straight into a conversation Dean is clearly trying to avoid, Cas slumps down on Dean's bed, spreads out his books and gets to work as well.
"This isn't right," are the first words out of his mouth and Cas' heart skips a beat as a rush of panic shoots through him.
The sentiment was gone as soon as Balthazar opened the door and almost died laughing when he saw Castiel.
It's a running gag between the two of them that goes way back to Castiel's first day at the office. He had just moved -  3000 miles away from his home town - and the nerves about his new job had kept him up all night. He had been so worried about getting along with his colleagues, being able to handle his workload and meeting the expectations of his boss that he had less than three hours of sleep that night.
Perhaps he still needs work on interpreting human expressions. He could have sworn her expression fell far from welcoming. There truly is a lot he still doesn’t understand.
Riva didn’t call any authorities on him the last time they met, but then he’d just saved her friend and her bosses would have no way of knowing. Now? Now they are at her place of work. He closes his mouth and turns his head away.
“Sam?” She waited until his eyes met hers. “Sam, this is important. I know you want Dean back. I want Bela back. But we can’t skip over the details. And we have to be practical. You can’t turn this into some suicide mission.”
She only knows she was asleep when she becomes aware she’s missed time, a groggy, floating feeling filling her. And she’s warm. Really warm, like she’s under a duvet.
Sam notes how Beth doesn’t look at Val and the way Val very obviously doesn’t react. So. Maybe it’s not just Dean who has trouble finding the right line to walk on some things.
It hurts to leave him lying so still in that bed, but Riva takes her elbow and steers her out of the room, refusing to let her go back to check on him one more time. Val knows she’s been ridiculous with that, but the last time she visited someone in hospital it was Beth, after a fall her friend still insists had nothing to do with Greg, and Val knows herself well enough to get she’s still all tangled up over it. If Beth had just said it was Greg, Val would have someone to blame, someone to focus her anger on. That Beth fell on her own leaves no-one to direct any of that at.
The demons around him laughed, and the ones being held captive snarled, but Dean kept his focus on the one in front of him. This would send a message. If watching Crowley over those months as a demon had told Dean anything, it was that the message had to be confident. It had to be clear. That was almost more important than what the message was.
Castiel escapes to the garden a little later, the sounds of his native tongue echoing in his mind. Gertrude, the woman with the silver hair, can speak it, but her ability to shape the words isn’t high. Even Dean has a better grasp of the shapes and textures of the words, the few he knows, a skill forged from the need to say them correctly in spells. It’s clear Gertrude doesn’t realise that Enochian is a living language in a way human ones aren’t. The most weighted and magical of human languages lack Enochian’s power.
That gets his attention, his brow slowly crinkling and his head turning. He manages to look at her for the length of a whole sentence.
Maybe she’s rethinking what it means to have an angel in the house. Val may have described what she saw during the spell, and he knows no human can really fit an angel’s true form into their minds, let alone their hearts. Dean’s comments were reassuring, but Dean has never been ordinary. He’s both the most human and the least usual human Castiel has ever met.
“I was high.” The room was at least three stories up. “But I don’t need… There’s no point in a doctor. For me.”
He just wants to stop. Out on the road, it was movement so constant that it counted as stillness, but now he’s reached a town there’s noise and light and stopping only to start again. It’s tiresome.
“So, I suppose you won’t feel up to much, but we can plant you on the settee and throw a blanket over you,” Val says.
He is no clearer than he was before on how to tell when something is his fault and when it’s not, but he is starting to think there might be a distinction to be found.
“Cas?” Sam sounds concerned. Sam has sounded concerned a lot of late. “Did I startle him? Cas, I just stepped on a stick. Okay?”
There are sounds from downstairs, and he follows them until he finds Dean and Val and Beth in the kitchen. Beth is whisking eggs and Val and Dean are sitting at the table, next to each other, reading something on a laptop’s screen.
“This isn’t fucking real,” she says, and only realizes she’s said it out loud when Val slumps back against the settee and stares at her.
“Why’d she say ‘if’, Sammy?” Dean asks. Every few steps he looks back over his shoulder as though he’s thinking of bolting back to the spot Cas left from. So far, he hasn’t. “Maybe I freaked Cas out with all that boyfriend crap. Moved too fast-”
“Here, you could rest. You could let go of what you want to, but you wouldn’t have to vanish. You could just…choose to set down your burdens. Understand, angel, I don’t offer this as some punishment for stepping foot in my realm. I offer you a choice, as payment for returning my child. You can choose to stop obeying, to stop serving.”
Inanna smiles, something slower and deeper than he’s used to seeing on her. Whatever she says, being in contact with one of her kin has moved her to something like joy. She reaches out her other hand to Castiel, and he takes it.
“He’s still alive,” she said, and sounded as though she’d be willing to tell Dean that over and over if needs be. “If he’s to stay alive, we need supplies.”
“He’s just gone. Pulled himself loose and left. Another patient swears he walked out, but I don’t see how he got out so quickly. Look, we need to find him.”
“You lie,” Cas says. He says it like it’s a redeeming feature. “But that wasn’t a lie. It was just a truth you didn’t think you could say to my face.”
“It’s not? Because it sounds like you’re setting up some argument that Cas has lied to us, or we should switch allegiance to the great Dean Bowie, instead of backing the guy we’ve been-”
“I was wondering,” Cas says, sounding almost shy. Almost. A little bit hopeful, too. “Are we just going to share words?”
Castiel doesn’t reply. The spell is gone. He’s almost sure of it. Yet…yet something lingers. Perhaps it is the spell making him feel the need to hide away in the Winchester’s home, making him want to hide inside the TV shows and the blankets. Better than it just being him.
“You do know staring at that bowl isn’t hiding anything from me, right? I can see just from the way you’re sitting that you’ve taken some. You’re all…floppy compared to normal.”
Without quite meaning to, Val pushes the rest of the way to her feet and puts herself close enough to block this agent from getting a clear pass at Aidan.
“But he didn’t,” Sam says. “It just takes time. And we’re all he’s got, Dean. Who else can he go to?”
They’ve let him sit in the orangery, a room Beth doesn’t use all year round, and he’s found a patch of sunlight falling across a wicker chair. It’s peaceful, and calming, and is doing nothing at all to sooth the ragged edges of him, but he can’t bring himself to leave.
“Why not?” Bela asked. “You’ve sat on it before. You’ve ruled Heaven, more or less, and you’ve declared yourself God on Earth. Why not take a turn at Hell?”
He’s stronger than a human. Still. He pulled that man from Beth with no trouble. The young man is hurting, is scared, and no-one else seems to be near. Even so, Castiel hesitates. He left his room, has wandered for a stretch of time he can’t hold on to, circling the same area, near the car and away, near the car and away, and he’s tired. It’s ground into him, the very air starting to stab at his skin. He’s avoided walking near people for the last few circuits.
Dean takes a moment. He’s almost sure Sam isn’t just talking about Cas. Dean feels a weight over his answer.
“You think crap hurts less when it’s not on purpose?” Val asks, sounding disgusted, and Riva finds her own fists clenching. “You don’t get to pull out that excuse like it means anything.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I know that sounds like I’m having a go at you, but I just want you to learn to be safe, all right? This can’t be the last time I talk to you. You get that? The last time you say my name will not be in some crappy concrete room with your Grace spilling out and distance between us.”
With colour on his mind, Dean’s eye is caught by someone in a deep blue sweater and bright yellow scarf walking towards a car. Someone else who doesn’t really know how to combine colours. This guy has dark hair, curling at the nape, and Dean has one of those moments he hates. One of those dizzying, sucking moments where the world narrows down to some guy Dean’s eyes latch on to and he feels like a fish-hook’s been stabbed through his gut, yanking him to the latest stranger.
As though this image of Cas, on his back now with that man’s hand on one shoulder, the other holding Cas’ head still with his chin tipped back and his throat exposed, would ever leave Dean.
“This?” Beth asks. She shifts as Val moves again, leaning over her and this time kissing her only an inch from the edge of her lips.
Castiel tells himself he’s glad Val is so excited to take this new boyfriend of hers to a party. It really won’t be very much of a sacrifice, giving up meeting her. She’s right. Castiel taking up her time must be getting in the way, and she’s kind to let him know in person, instead of simply not turning up to meet him, instead of beating him and leaving him on the floor. He scratches over that last thought, tries to blot it out before it can taint this last meal with Val. He finds he has to do that with many images, many times.
“My point is that you’ve had a demon on your side before, and that’s before we consider Crowley,” Cas said, apparently not interested in how the situation with Meg related to him.
“How about you?” Sam asks, nodding back at the front door, where Beth and Val stand without an inch between them, Beth leaning slightly on Val. “Your sister and your best friend. You worried you’ll be a third wheel?”
“Hey, Cas,” he says. He doesn’t need to work to soften his voice this time. He doesn’t come any further into the room yet, either.
Although, come to think of it, Cas has changed a lot already since Dean met him. Hell, the guy’s been human, or as near as. Dean’s less sure Cas can ever, really, stop being a warrior. He doesn’t like to think about the last one changing.
For a moment, Dean forgets everything about Cas’ trauma and the monster and his own fears and longing and desperation. It’s just him and Cas and Cas not getting one of Dean’s references, and his heart aches.
It’s not until Dean registers the undercurrent of worry in Sam’s tone and notes the way Sam’s not only closer but has his hand out near Cas’ elbow that he finally clocks how Cas looks. Drawn and shaking.
“His boyfriend kept an eye on him,” she says. “Apparently Steve slipped on some milk, but Dean cleaned up and got Steve’s arm seen to.”
Castiel shakes his head, and lets Sam take hold of his arm and partly support him up the stairs. It isn’t really necessary - he can keep moving up until he’s close to passing out from pain. It seems to ease some of the tension in Sam, though.
Bela and Hannah shared a look, and Bela passed the vial to Hannah, who held it carefully in her right hand.
Beth stares back at him, apparently wanting to give him rope. But Dean isn’t going to hang for this.
Dean stops in the doorway, struck by the sight of Cas in the bed. An angel shouldn’t look so vulnerable.
As Sam raises his eyebrows and pulls a face that says ‘huh’, Riva catches herself wanting to smile at him. She nips that in the bud. This guy is charming, maybe not in quite the same sun-in-your-eyes way as his brother, but still more than good enough to suck someone in. He may even mean it. It might all be some con.
“We don’t need the last one,” Dean says, and he knows he sounds petulant. Doesn’t care. “We know he’s not all right. If he was all right, he wouldn’t have run.”
“I have enough,” the demon said, his chin lifting. He flicked a look at Cas, and something like pride nudged onto his face. “I’ve done what Crowely and Lucifer and Heaven couldn’t do. I’ve ended that angel’s influence over you. You’re free to come back to us.”
The look Cas gave him almost made him retract the question. Still, Cas had a habit of throwing himself into things which were only going to hurt him. Sam at least had to ask.
Cas is a warm bundle against Dean, his back pressed along Dean’s front in a way that’s doing nothing to make Dean want to get up. From the light falling through the windows, it’s dawn already and Sam at least will be up. Dean doesn’t know where his brother spent the night, but with a case to solve and Sam’s usual energy levels, Dean is sure lying around in bed for hours isn’t an option.
“You don’t have to tell me, either,” Beth says. “When I left Greg, my mom asked me so many times how I was, and I never did want to tell her. Telling her felt like it might tear me, you know? And not just because of her reaction, even though I was plenty worried about that. Not the type to think you should leave a marriage, my mom, and as far as she was concerned Greg and I were on our way to the church any day now. But it wasn’t that. It was more that if I could make her think I was okay, then I could pretend I really was. At least, that’s what my therapist got me round to thinking.”
From the way Dean’s standing, hunched and tense, and from the way his eyes are darting, Sam can make an educated guess. Dean feels he’s been attacked, and it was clear those women had some ideas about Dean and Cas. Maybe Sam should have brought it up, but he hadn’t got it straight in his own head yet.
As the water, verging to luke-warm, soaks his hair and drums onto his shoulders, he squeezes his eyes shut and prays.
But Castiel sees the slight pinching of Dean’s brows - he isn’t completely convinced about it not being his job to repair Castiel, it seems. Something else to work on.
A sharp click of something hard on stone is all the warning Dean gets before Cas’ eyes widen and the angel moves, flinging himself in front of Dean and blocking Dean’s view. All Dean can see is Cas’ back and those wings. They flare into existence and stay for a long moment, glittering oddly with an absence of light.
“It’s fine,” Dean says. But it’s a reflex. His vision isn’t right and everything seems too large, too bright, too distant. There’s throbbing pain down the side of his face and he wants to squint one eye.
“Hardly,” Cas says, a glimmer of his old wry sarcasm in his tone. “From what I remember, I knew Inanna more in her role as a Goddess of War, but unless we have a lion to hand, roses are the symbol she’ll most relate to.”
“Knew? Was?” She lets her right eyebrow drift up. It’s an expression she knows throws people. Riva once called it her ‘disdainfully murderous Vulcan’ face. “You got some reason to think he’s dead?”
“Ah, but the lamp also let her give up her power and become herself again,” Bela says. “I have heard people talk about it as an origin for the story of the genie in the lamp. Only she was her own genie, of course.”
“Sheep can be amusing,” Castiel says. “So can a lot of things other people don’t seem to find funny.”
Sam knows he’s meant to pretend it was a joke, or that he’s meant to take that as Dean dismissing any chance of the whole relationship, but ignoring things is a large part of what’s got them here. Just from what he’s seen and been told since they’ve found Cas again, he knows that much.
He’s not looking at Sam. Actually, Sam’s not sure he’s really seeing anything that’s in front of him now.
Sam does have several interesting T-shirts, with patterns and pictures Castiel doesn’t remember seeing being worn. One is purple. The dog on it is appealing. There’s a too small hoodie, surely too small for Sam for a very long time, that Castiel tries on. He tugs on the sleeves, but they fail to cover the last few inches of his forearms.
While he waits, he empties the bags. Sam has bought him pajamas. They look cheerful, a blue several shades brighter than his tie. And they’re soft. Still, Dean is right: he can’t wear sleepwear outside. He changes into a pair of dark jeans and a T-shirt, pulling a navy sweater over the top. If he is told to leave, he will be ready.
And lying to Dean is something he promised himself he wouldn’t do, not since the souls. Not since that circle of fire with Dean and Sam and Bobby on the other side of it. He has to keep faith with something.
He doesn’t even realise at first when his feet take him in the direction of the house where he found Cas.
Dean stops with his finger under a word he still can’t translate, squeezing his eyes shut at the pressure Sam’s question pushes against his skin.
“I did,” she says. “And I do, yes. She’s having a nap right now, but she’d love to see you again, Steve. She always enjoyed your singing.”
That doesn’t seem to be the answer Dean wants, because those are tears at the edges of his eyes. He’s made Dean hurt, somehow. That isn’t Castiel’s job.
Other eyes pick up the way everyone looks at him. Not the same from everyone, but all some kind of startled. Dean softens in something like approval, and Sam looks impressed. The women aren’t quite as practiced at accepting non-human abilities, but Riva rises and flaps a hand at the others.
Castiel strained his senses, but the sigils on the chair, which trapped and bound him, also essentially blinded him. Dean turning to dark smoke had changed the texture of the man’s thoughts, the colored edges and shifting shapes Castiel could sometimes glimpse, but the chair had cut them off entirely.
Sam reads about creatures that can fog minds and breeds of demon that can steal thoughts, but he doesn’t find anything to fit their particular bill. It gets harder to concentrate when Dean grows bored enough to leave the table and steal the last of the donuts, drawing Val into a conversation that contains actual laughter. Laughter.
What? Dean feels suddenly drenched in cold water. He takes a step forward before he’s fully realized it.
“Are any of them free?” she asks. “You do understand I wouldn’t normally let them belonging to anyone hinder me, anyway. I’m being respectful of our friendship, here.”
It’s one of those times he doesn’t sound sure of the phrase. Riva’s wondered aloud if Cas is from a different country, but somehow they haven’t got around to asking. He said they could ask questions, but none of them have managed to ask many. Yet. Beth wouldn’t be surprised to find Riva’s compiling a list. Val probably already has a list of questions in her head, all lined up and ready to fire once Val’s crossed whatever line in her head has been keeping her quiet.
And now he’s hunched up as though he thinks he can squash all six feet of him into something the size of a pillow.
Cas moved, turning his head so it pressed into the crook of the arm he had sprawled out along the floor, and Dean cut off. Like that, with his eyes hidden, the only clue he had that Cas was still with him was the fact the guy’s other hand was still splayed across his own stomach. The minute that hand slipped…
“No,” Sam says, once he’s slid in behind the wheel. “That was not the way to go, Dean. You and me? We need to have a talk about how to handle this.”
His hair’s a mess, he’s paler than he should be and his eyes are far less brilliant than when she first met him, back when he saved her. She wants to pull him into a hug and just…just let that heal him somehow. She wishes she was naive enough to believe that was all it took.
“Hardly stable,” Castiel says, even though a voice that sounds like Dean’s snipes at him that insulting the goddess is a top grade choice. Castiel ignores it: Dean’s automatic response with most powerful beings is to insult them. “Your son washed up on Earth. I’ve brought him back.”
“Anything up to and including ripping a hole into another dimension can be normal,” Sam says, and a second later flashes her something which does a good impression of a smile. “Don’t think we’re looking at that level, here.”
“No. He’s a drug addicted abuse survivor, likely ex-service, who’s in constant pain and barely eats. And I’m pretty sure he’s on the verge of being kicked out of his place,” Riva says, her voice a tinny buzz in Val’s ear as she stares at the man. “You know, I don’t even think about that properly except in flashes. What are we even hoping to do here?”
