The fact that John didn’t seem to care about it anymore, at least not tonight, was a step Sherlock appreciated gratefully.
A glass is held to his lips, refreshing and calming, and then it's tipped carefully, so some water flows into John's mouth, drop by drop. Sherlock seems to be very troubled, not wanting to have John deal with too many things at once.
John’s hands were holding his wrists tightly and his weight made him feel so heavy. It wasn’t uncomfortable, though. He felt light-headed and secure and so incredibly aroused with John on top of him. God, had he craved it, yearned for it.
He has dreamt of doing this with a ghost version of Sherlock for so long, and now he is back, and he gets to do this for real. It is a miracle. The one he has been asking for over and over again when he stood by Sherlock's grave and brought him flowers.
asking Mycroft, it didn’t mean he would actually say yes. He hated Christmas even more than Sherlock in the end.
They stood in the middle of the crowd as the piano kept playing quietly and steadily. It was the only thing that was steady inside his body, the sound ricocheting through his mind. His shoulders tensed once more. His intoxicated state from mere minutes ago seemed to sober up completely. And of course, John noticed.
They lay together in comfortable silence while John played with Sherlock’s curls. The crackling fire next to them calmed and warmed them through. John closed his eyes after a while and didn’t realise Mrs Holmes had come in to bring them two steaming mugs of hot chocolate. When she saw them, she hurried to take a photo of the pair without them noticing. She was sure John wouldn’t mind, but Sherlock hated being in photographs ever since he was a kid.
“Will you stop mocking me and be of actual help? If not, I’ll order you to go this instant and make you pay for the cab ride to the station.”
Sherlock slept in the next morning and woke with a panicked start, fearing he woke up too late. He sank back against the soft and warm pillows after he had taken a look at his watch. Only 10 am. John would be here for lunch. There was still enough time; and yet his heart wouldn't stop beating violently in his chest. He couldn't place his nerviness. It was only lunch after all, but he wanted his grandma to like John. He also wanted John to like Oma Karla, which wasn't that hard, though, because everyone liked her.
She waved a hand to dismiss this. "You're very welcome. You just have to be patient for a little longer. It's not quite ready yet," she apologised. "Sherlock was so nervous the poor boy would've cut off all of his fingers if he had helped me," she laughed.
Sherlock smiled warmly and pressed his lips to John's once more as an answer before he settled his head on John's shoulder and wrapped an arm around his middle. "Goodnight," he whispered and closed his eyes, breathing in John's scent as he buried his face in the crook of his neck.
“All right, I’ll leave you two to discuss this in a man-to-man conversation. Hope you’ll get better soon, Sherlock,” Mary said and turned around, heading downstairs.
“No-one is going to blame you. We’re not perfect either,” John said and sat up so Sherlock would look at him.
His muscles loosened up, his heart rate slowed; he blocked out all the noise and focussed on the wind against his face and in his hair, on the smell of saltwater reaching his nose and the German lady's instructions that were barely louder than they needed to be for everyone to hear them.
Sherlock couldn't help but shake his head in utter disbelief. "You went to Sussex that night. To ask my parents if you–"
She grabs her bags. “We’ll meet again, trust me on that,” she tells him, smiling in a way he cannot decipher, and then she’s gone, leaving him behind in the bedroom he has shared with her for the past six months.
He looked down at Sherlock. "It happened twice more after that, but we never talked about it, and after he'd led that team of crows into battle and almost died on me during surgery, it simply seemed inappropriate to bring it up. Like I said, after this incident, people made his life a living hell. It didn't take long till he went back to England." He hesitated a little before he goes on. "I never truly thought about what it was between us or what it was that I wanted; if it was merely the army environment where it was normal to get off with your comrades in the communal shower every now and then or if it was more than that."
Once Sherlock was back on his feet, something else changed. John started to kiss him all the time. There was a gentle press of warm lips at the back of his neck when he woke up or a loving kiss when he left for work or came home. John kissed him to ease the lines on Sherlock’s forehead when he was thinking too long and hard; he kissed the tip of his nose to make him smile and the top of his head when they cuddled on the sofa.
“God, I need a drink. And you look like you could do with another one, too,” John announced and raised his hand to show the barkeeper he’d like to order two shots of whiskey. “This round’s on me.”
He closes the door behind them and pushes her up against it. Her bag falls to the floor. He can do this. He’s still got it in him. He presses his leg between hers, cups her cheek with this hand and kisses her. Hard.
Sherlock raised one of his eyebrows in disbelief. “Are you saying you lost your skills by teaching me?”
"Sherlock." John finally turned his head. "I don't want to be here with a girl. I want to be here with you, but I also don't want to risk that either of us gets into a fight just because of this. I would love to do absolutely anything with you, right here in front of everyone, but chances are we will have to live with the consequences. And you know of what nature they are."
Suddenly he felt two hands closing around his ankles and before he realised what was happening, he found himself falling backwards into the water as John pulled up his calves and he lost his balance.
“Sherlock,” John said worriedly and sat down on the bed, leaning forward and reaching for his hands. “What’s wrong? Are you in pain?”
“Oh yes, I think there was,” Mike said. “It can be difficult, being around someone who constantly has eyes for others.”
Rubbing over his nipples never failed to make John momentarily lose track of what he was doing, even more so when he took the pebbled bud between his fingers and rolled it gently, coercing it into hardness.
Sherlock couldn’t remember how he managed not to die of tediousness while John was out. It was dreadful. He had never been so bored in his entire life and it made him want to scream or shoot the wall but neither Mrs Hudson nor John would be very pleased about that.
Sherlock wrapped both arms around John’s neck, bringing their foreheads together and pressing his lips against John’s, the moan he let out when he followed Sherlock over the edge getting lost in the heat of Sherlock’s mouth.
Minutes pass – or maybe hours? John doesn't know, has lost his feeling of time while engrossed in this wonderful, magical cloud with Sherlock. He chuckles at this romantic cliché that can be found in every book and film ever, the forgetting of time, and finds that you
He was keeping his promise, even though a lot of time has passed since he made it; almost eleven years, and now he was standing in front of the same front door, looking into the same corridor. Nothing had changed.
“Are you okay? You got lost in there for a moment, I think,” he said, voice gentle, always gentle, and gestured towards his forehead.
Certainly, John was going to hook up with some random girl later who would be more than happy to get into bed with a sexy tourist from Britain. If they even made it to bed, that was. The mere thought of that made him sick. Who knew what John might get up to tonight… Sherlock wasn’t sure if he wanted to know details or not. He only knew that Greg never joked because it was fun, but because he was John’s friend and they were all aware of his
He’d had a fair share of hypocrisy when he was still in secondary school and he had been so relieved when graduation day was over and he was never going to have to deal with backstabbers again.
John flinches. He knows Sherlock is right, he knows he can't hide his thoughts forever - but he can at least try, right? "I don't want to put our friendship at risk," he says.
His intention wasn’t to copy them; he was merely influenced by the way they composed and the stories behind their works.
His hand fell on his thigh, and his chest was heaving as he came down from the high. His head cleared, the tension left his body, and the images faded until nothing but blackness enveloped him.
John looks up at him. He shifts from one foot onto the other. Unsure. A state Sherlock is barely in. “What?”
Sherlock's voice is close, probably echoing in his head, but he is still too far away. John feels that the faster he tries to run, the more the distance between Sherlock and him increases.
The restaurant is nice. Full of people, but nice nonetheless. Mary looks beautiful in her lilac dress. He has prepared everything; what he wants to say to her and the ring that rests heavily in the breast pocket of his tuxedo.
As wonderful as it feels and as much as John wants the embrace to continue, he realises it’s for the best to pull apart, for Sherlock’s sake whose body has stopped shaking considerably in spite of his feeling afraid, and for Rosie’s. They need to remain calm to make any progress finding her and bringing her home safe.
Bile rose in his gut merely imagining this. He hated how much control he had lost over his feelings, how his rationality had vanished and taken all reason with him.
John sank down on top of Sherlock, trying to catch his breath and his chest rose and fell in a still unsteady rhythm. “That was bloody phenomenal,” he gasped out.
Sherlock gasps out a laugh, but can't keep his hips from bucking upwards once more. Grinning, John trails his lips over his belly, slowly, teasing, and presses open-mouthed kisses over his skin. Sherlock's fingers grip the sheets in anticipation, widening the grin on John's lips. His head falls back against the soft pillow, breathing unevenly. His eyes close as soon as he feels John's mouth on him again. He engulfs the tip first, licking, sucking, swirling his tongue through the pre-come. He watches Sherlock all the time. He knows his reactions by now; what makes him squirm, moan, writhe under his hands, his fingertips, his mouth, his tongue.
John shakes his head as far as that’s possible. He tries to think of what happened to him, but that hurts, too. "I went to my therapist's. That's … all I remember." He sounds sleepy, still having slight trouble speaking with the numbing ache everywhere.
Hoping it was just a one-off, he attempted to think of other things until he went down to the beach to meet the person who was responsible for his physical turmoil.
John clenched his teeth so hard his jaw ached. He took a deep breath, trying to gather the courage to ask another question, but Mycroft interrupted him. “This isn’t the time to dwell upon the past. I think you do have a patient who is in need of your medical attention."
Only a look at the calendar told Sherlock that they were nearing one week. It already seemed like an eternity to him while at the same time it felt as though he had taken the blow mere minutes ago.
John was different in so many ways. He wasn't put off by Sherlock's straightforward manner or his deductions, by his cleverness. It was the exact opposite. At first, Sherlock had to admit to himself, John had been slightly sceptical, and he was also shocked when Sherlock deduced his sister's alcoholism. Sherlock feared that might have driven him away there and then, but it was just his initial reaction to his observations which added to his annoyance caused by Harry's problems with her girlfriend and then faded completely. He stayed despite everything… and he called him brilliant.
Sherlock lifts his hips up, seeking, wanting, but John’s hands press him down against the mattress firmly. He moans; John knows he’s aching for more. His thumbs caress Sherlock’s hips. His hands slide up to his waist once, twice. Goosebumps appear on his skin.
The thunder rumbled in the distance, making him all the more relieved that he was in a warm and soft bed.
Sherlock sat down on the edge of the tub and sighed in defeat. “I cannot stand this caring, feeling business. It’s an intolerable state that my body does not know how to overcome. His frequent appearances in my dreams are not very beneficial at all.”
“Why should I go? John won’t even be there, and setting him up with me is obviously your primary intention.”
The kisses became messier and more erratic until their lips were barely brushing, and all they did was pant into the other's mouth, gasp for air, and rock their middles against one another.
The realisation that nothing of this was ever a possibility felt like a punch in the gut. He dragged himself out of bed, slipped into his dressing gown and walked to the kitchen.
His back was lined up with John’s chest and for some reason, his heart pounded a little faster. Not knowing what to do with this new reaction of his body, he tried to keep focusing on John’s voice. “Yeah, like that.”
She welcomed her son with a hug and pressed a kiss to his cheek. »Merry Christmas,« he said and pulled out of the tight embrace with a slight flush on his face.
John raises his head. "Can I help you with this, maybe? You know, creative titles have always been one of my strongest assets."
“I thought of you,” Sherlock said truthfully and rested his forehead against John’s because if he’d locked eyes with John’s, a sob might have escaped his throat.
"Whatever I can do, I will," she says. "I've changed the time of my break so that I'm off-duty for now to help you out."
Sherlock smiles back – and oh, how John has come to love that wide, honest smile, a smile that makes Sherlock look truly happy and at peace with himself. John leans up to kiss him, and curls a hand around the back of Sherlock's head as well as he can without breaking his own spine in the small bathtub.
He woke again when he felt a careful hand on his head, in his hair precisely. In any other moment, he would have cherished the gesture, but right now all it did was making him more miserable.
John caught the ball when it was his turn. “You have to stretch your arms, hips and legs at the same time. Your entire body will stretch and your movements become stronger.”
John sucked at the skin below Sherlock’s clavicle, probably to stifle the sounds he’d make otherwise. His attempt to keep quiet failed horribly, though, because Sherlock groaned loudly when John sank his teeth into the already sensitive skin. He was speaking but couldn’t even process his own words. It was probably meaningless babble anyway because when John touched him like this, he wasn’t capable of much else.
Sherlock winces at John's shout, making John feel even more sorry for it. For God's sake, he's been trying to get his life back on track after everything that's happened, and yet all he does is make it all worse. He sets down the glass on the table and presses both palms of his hands to his eyes. Sherlock is right, of course.
John’s expression must have seemed unreadable while it actually should have displayed shock and embarrassment.
Oma Karla had a way of listening and understanding nobody else had; not even his mother. His grandmother always gave him the right advice and he hated that he wasn't able to spend more time with her.
John chuckled softly. “That’s pretty cool! Imagine we’d dance to talk to each other. It would be quite entertaining.”
Sherlock finds John's wallet he left back pocket of his jeans and takes out the small business card of––
“You can’t touch this stuff again, Sherlock,” John breathed after some time. “Please, you have to promise me.”
John tastes his smile on his tongue. It’s sweet and lovely and warm. Their lips part instinctively, pulling, pressing, nibbling delicately. Smooth and tender. John keeps moving his fingers gingerly – in and out. His free fingers wander over his side, eliciting little moans from Sherlock. He’s quavering beneath him.
over, or at least my lectures and exams are, and I've finally got more time to write! I'll try to finish the next chapter as soon as I can. It'll definitely take me less time than this one took me, so don't despair. Thank you so much for your interest in the story even though I often don't have that much time to write.
John looked at Sherlock for several never-ending seconds before he got up from the chair and sat down on Sherlock’s bed, reaching for his hand. It was sweaty and cold and uninviting and Sherlock hated it, but John didn’t seem to mind. “I am here now,” he assured him, “and I’ll stay until this is over.”
The raindrops ran down the window, chasing one another, intermingling, heading for the sill in silent competition with larger drops. Sherlock watched them for a while, but the warmth surrounding him and the muted clatter of the drops threatened to lull him back to sleep once again.
"Not hungry," was all he managed, resolutely not looking at her as he made for the stairs and hurried to his room. He shed all of his clothes in an instant, tossing his damned trousers away with a frustrated sob, and almost staggered into the adjacent bathroom and into the shower. When the water ran down his body, angry tears joined them.
The fire in the fireplace crackled and Sherlock felt warm all over, leaning back against the hand playing with his curls. He smelled John was wearing cologne and smiled a little. »So what’s this treat you were talking about earlier?«
“Goodnight, love,” John said quietly and kissed his forehead gently, holding him close to his chest.
Sherlock fell silent for a moment and cleared his throat. »I did until Mycroft started spoiling every single one.«
»Oh you, …« John chuckled and boxed his shoulder gently before Alison sat back down between the two of them of the sofa.
John's hands came up to cup Sherlock's cheeks, his thumbs running over his sharp cheekbones. His eyes were unreadable, but that wasn't important because next thing he knew was John kissing him. Hard. His lips pressed against Sherlock's for an endless moment before he parted them and pulled Sherlock into a deep, lingering kiss. Sherlock kissed him back with fervent enthusiasm, reaching for John, trying to touch whatever his fingers found, but in a cross-legged position this turned out to be rather difficult. He rearranged his legs and wrapped them around John, aligning their bodies from waist to chest. John moved around a little to mirror Sherlock's posture without breaking the kiss. Sherlock's hands came to rest on John's back until they were so close that there was no space between them anymore.
John’s hand was on his back, but Sherlock couldn’t find any comfort in it. He hunched his shoulders, pulling his knees up against his chest.
He thought his situation was already quite bad enough, but then he felt John’s cool breath on the back of his neck.
Sherlock's face was wet within seconds. "I washed my hair this morning!" he complained in a mocking tone, which only widened John's smirk.
Mycroft's head swivels round to punish John with a condescending glare. "No need to get petty, Doctor Watson. Your… wife has not been dead for months. She died a few hours ago, and though I am sorry for your loss, it does not pain me all too much that she is gone now."
John stared at him, his mouth open to speak, but nothing came out. He couldn't even hold Sherlock's gaze. His eyes fell onto the little bag he was holding, regarding them with a look tinged with sadness and acrimony as though these little, colourful pills were the intruder of their otherwise so flawless relationship. Well, not flawless. They were far from flawless. In fact, this was only one of the things that had remained unsaid, a truth held back for the sake of the limited amount of time without confrontation. And there were so many other matters that had to be spoken about, so many other subjects that had to be broached.
have a stain of chocolate above his upper lip. Rosie laughed at the sight although she had chocolate stains on her face as well.
For a long moment, John can’t do anything but stare. Into her face, into Rosie’s, into the air between them. He looks up at Sherlock and sees despair and surrender. He smiles sadly.
Sherlock was already out of breath, but altered his leg work, getting closer to John once more. There were just a few metres left when a cramp left him unable to move his leg. Struggling to keep up his pace, his leg twitched and ached more with every second ticking by. "Shit," he gasped, swallowing salt water trying to keep his head above the water.
But he was still jittery. It was the first time he would bring a friend home. Other people brought their friends home at the age of four or five; Sherlock was bloody eighteen. He had only known John for two days now, but he considered them friends; there was no other word for it. People usually never wanted to keep talking to him for longer than necessary or see him again after having met him and known him for only a few minutes; and then John stepped into his life, and he simply didn't want to leave, actually wanting to spend time with Sherlock because he fascinated him apparently. Sherlock shared the feeling.
Sherlock pulled back after a very long moment, brushing their lips together a few more times. “Thank you,” he said, his voice a little hoarse.
“I watched you play for a bit; you’re quite ambitious most likely not just when it comes to sports. When one of your friends asked if you should all get a drink over there in the tent, you declined and stuck to the water bottle you brought with you – a sensible decision since drinks sold over there are quite pricey – and confirmed you’re careful when it comes to spending money. You want a good job that gives you financial stability – who doesn’t? – so you don’t have to think about it ten times every time you buy expensive things.
“Look. They called me because I’m the only person they could have contacted. I went to your brother’s because he had to help me find her."
Sherlock sat up and picked up the phone. "Well, you mentioned his name for once," he told John as he turned the phone in his hands. "This is about his girlfriend. If I were to put a shot in the dark, I'd say she found out about his drinking habits and threatened to break up with him as she ‘said many times'. Now he asked you to fix it for him, which you have done more than once according to your tone of voice. You get on well with his girlfriend, more than he likes, and yet he comes to you to help him. You knew about his drinking problem for quite a while, but you don't approve of it." He looked up at John whose facial expression was a mixture or amazement and slight trouble.
»For God’s sake! How much of a child are you?« Sherlock grumbled, trying to shake off the snow. »Don’t you
The thoughts keep reeling through John's mind, his brain is working, running at the highest speed, but no answer pops into his head. Nothing he could say or do, none of it would be the right thing. He can't just go and push Eurus off the roof – she'd have his daughter flying down sooner than he'd be anywhere near her.
“That’s lovely. Your father will pick you up from the station. He’s been asking me to ring you for days now, since you never actually think of doing that yourself, young man,” she reprimanded him in her soft motherly voice.
He sat up to pull John's shirt over his head, too frustrated with the buttons. Not very long after that, his own shirt was pushed off his shoulders. He caught John stare at him, smiling all the way before he leant forward and pressed a kiss to his clavicle. "You're so gorgeous," he whispered, his breath tickling him.
“I don’t know, um … You seemed to be immersed and the way you played it was … rather moving,” John stutters a little. “I just thought you thought of her when you composed it.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes but forced himself not to fall into a lecturing monologue about the different varieties of pumpkins.
“I’m fine!” Sherlock growled and straightened himself. He felt lightheaded and it took all his strength not to stagger.
John had probably already noticed, too. Otherwise, he wouldn't be smiling like an idiot. “Is this going to be a regular occurrence?”
John opens his mouth to respond, but when he sees Mrs Hudson's face, he knows it hasn't been a question. "I thought you weren't our housekeeper?"
John’s answering smile was warm and understanding. His hand came up to Sherlock’s cheek. “I told you. We’ll figure it out,” he promised. “If we go too far too quickly, you can tell me. Your body, your rules. You set the pace. All right?”
With that, John pulled him back up to crush their mouths together, tongues meeting immediately, moans breaking free, hands in hair, fingers stroking, caressing, touching, feeling.
"Have you ever done one before?" Sherlock asked sceptically, but his scepticism could only be seen in his features as the music blocked out the tone of voice.
"I don't mind waiting," John answered softly. "Do you want to lie down? You can. It doesn't bother me. I could see if I can be of use in the kitchen–"
He got up from his chair and let himself be pulled into an embrace he didn’t know how to reciprocate for a moment. It had been such a long time since someone had hugged him, but it felt oddly comforting, so he leant into the embrace and buried his nose in the crook of her neck. He could smell the faint odour of her perfume, which had been the same one ever since he could remember.
The fragile, crumbled organ hidden behind his ribs was in his mouth, pounding pa-pang, pa-pang, pa-pang, pa-pang. Like firing guns in the dead of night, ripping through the silence that engulfed and cocooned the darkness. His throat felt tight, and no matter how hard and how often he swallowed, the lump wouldn’t dissolve.
There were no sharp, cutting, nagging thoughts in his head anymore; at least not all the time. Not after that night. The nightmares slowly disappeared, letting him sleep through a lot more nights than before.
sorry. Despite all this, … I should’ve let you explain. I should’ve listened to you, let you prove me wrong.” His arms tightened around Sherlock’s body. Sherlock wanted to relish the feeling, but his heart was beating so quickly that he felt dizzy. John pulled back a little to look up at him. Sherlock was reluctant to show him his face, to let him see him so devastated, open, vulnerable. Their faces were only inches apart when John’s hands came up to cup his cheeks with his hands, caressing the pale skin covering his sharp cheekbones. “I know I hurt you … especially after that night. I know this is something big for you, and I completely screwed it up the next morning, making you think I only wanted you for things below the belt.” Sherlock’s eyes fell closed. He couldn’t respond. Why was talking so hard, why was it so hard to keep his feelings at bay …
“John,” he all but sobbed, almost failing to utter any other word. “Wh– hmmm–,” he swallowed. “Wait, wait, John, p– please…”
He clung to John for never-ending minutes and if it were possible to always be this close to John, he wouldn’t have anything against it.
Sherlock shook his head heavily and he took his hands away from the mug, only holding it by the handle.
drowned in them. The wrinkles around his eyes that made him all the more likeable and all the more attractive. That debonair demeanour that wooed everyone around him into his trap.
Sherlock looked down at the pages John had been reading. "Thank you," he murmured. His heart fluttered at John's compliments and another smile formed on his lips.
Lestrade clears his throat; they can hear the clicking of a computer keyboard in the background. “I’m on it, Sherlock. So you think the kidnapper is someone you know?”
It was sweet torture. He wanted to pay attention to all the swirls and twists of John's tongue, but that very tongue sent him into oblivion, and his brain’s function was reduced to moaning and gasping out John’s name alongside various curse words as well as digging his hands into the already ruffled sheets.
And yet he is so tired. He is tired of fighting. He is tired of lifting himself up again and again because what for?
Sherlock reached for John’s hand as they walked along the beach and further up back to the haven where the people were still celebrating the annual festival with blasting music and more drunk people as the minutes ticked by. “You don’t wanna stay for a little longer?”
John shakes his head to clear the cobwebs away. "Yes, yes, of course, Sherlock. I'm sorry." He clears his throat. "I'm… glad to see you again."
Sherlock's smirk disappears, and he sits up a little, running a hand over John's arm. "What's wrong, John? What is it?"
John froze on the spot. He’d never expected Sherlock would get so worked up over a goddamn Christmas present.
“Well, good,” Sherlock told him and kissed his cheek before pulling away, making it easier for him as always. “Now, let’s get ready for trick or treats.”
The younger boy tried to swallow the huge lump in his throat and got up. “I’ll um– I’ll get my swimming trunks,” he said and got up to go inside and get changed.
Sherlock smiled at little; he kind of knew John would ask about it. “She was just a friend who asked if I’d like to go to prom with her.”
He found himself lucky because John almost never spent a day without him, unless they went on a trip Sherlock wasn’t interested in joining, like the 20 miles bike-tour they did last week. When he imagined the possibilities this tour entailed, he was relieved he had stayed at home. John’s sweaty t-shirt and his backside on a saddle, leaning forward onto his handlebar, most of his muscles contracting and flexing, his breathing laboured as he pedalled hard was certainly nothing he needed to experience himself. Merely the mental picture of it was enough to take his breath away.
What John lacked in length – well, lack was probably the wrong word, but his brain still needed time to reboot – he made up in girth. It would be a challenge, but when has Sherlock ever not enjoyed these?
Sherlock seems to know precisely what he alludes to. "This is hardly the place nor the time to talk about this
Removing the protective cover from the end of the tubing, he inserted it into the hub, placing a tape over it and securing the IV. He ensured there were no kinks in the tubing.
They stayed out for a little longer, throwing snowballs at each other until their coats were soaking wet, but John was having a bit too much fun to stop just yet.
»May I remind you of activities that happened earlier on and inform you about the fact that even this way of physical exhaustion will lead to a feeling of hunger eventually?« Sherlock raised his brows without looking at him and buttered the bread.
"How do you know?" John asks. "I mean, it's fairly obvious. We would have noticed if someone stepped in through the front door and everything, but – there is no balcony outside. No plant to climb up on. It's a busy street, even in the middle of the night due to the tube station. Wouldn't people notice a person climbing up the wall? And even if they didn't, how on earth did that person get up here?"
»Oh, John. I’m glad there’s finally someone who took over the job of telling him that,« his mother chuckled softly.
How could he have been so careless? Getting himself shot again? He wouldn't be able to take care of Rosie properly. Not that he has ever been particularly good at that, and now he would be even worse. He would impose on both Sherlock and Mrs Hudson because he'll need help handling his own bloody life. Why do they even care about him? What do they see in him after all this time? All the mess he brought into their lives?
When they parted, their foreheads rested against each other for a moment before Sherlock buried his face in John’s neck, breathing in his scent smelling of lavender and coffee and something that was just uniquely John. His fingers were caressing Sherlock’s scalp as his breathing slowly evened out, keeping his eyes closed.
Maybe Christmas wasn’t as bad as he always deemed. It was about the family being together, being with loved ones and enjoying few days of peace with the people who cared about each other. Perhaps it was just because he knew he wasn’t going to be alone this year; because John was here and his parents even Mycroft he would still tease and bicker with, but always with the feeling of the brotherly bond that still lay between them, always underneath the surface, only visible to the both of them; even if it was just because he was still happy with what he gained this year during Christmas time, it was still worth it.
“At least tell me how Rosie is,” John pleads, wanting him to keep talking, to drown out the loud buzzing inside his head.
How could he even think about doing such a thing? John was his friend, and people didn't imagine their friends when they pulled it. What was John going to make of this? He didn't intend to tell him, of course, but he knew he couldn't pretend nothing happened. What if John took off his shirt again on the beach today? What if he couldn't pull himself together and John caught sight of it? He simply couldn't control his body in this regard.
John moved his legs rather unpleasantly, forcing Sherlock to sit up and face him properly. “You can’t pass up that opportunity. It’s an elite university.”
“Heeeere are the two lovebirds who never leave the shower!” Bill exclaimed with a grin that clearly reeked of too much alcohol. And it was barely 7 o clock.
“Me?” Sherlock could hear the smile in John’s voice and felt a gentle kiss on his head just a second later. “What have I done, then?”
“Are you preparing me for anything?” Sherlock asked as they lay beside each other on his blanket a while later.
Sherlock smiles, but a hint of disappointment lingers in his eyes. John wants to close the terrible gap between them and kiss him again, kiss it away until their lungs are screaming for air.
“God, I’ll be so stiff and sore tonight,” he sighed, falling backwards into his bed, and only then realised what that implied.
Should he simply do her the favour of turning up for five minutes, so she would finally stop pestering him about the matter?
In response, John’s fingers carded through his hair, and he edged closer, entangling their limbs even further.
Sherlock walked past it and turned left as he went further down towards the sea. The footbridge on the left led to a vantage point from where people had a great view of the long beach on the other side of the haven that went on and on into the neighbouring town. Just beside the footbridge, there was a long line of huge stones. As a kid, this had been his favourite place to go because the seagulls gathered here in the mornings. The smell of saltwater and fresh air was even stronger than in the haven where it mostly reeked of fish anyway. The view was much nicer here, too, so he had asked his parents to come here with him as often as possible. To his right, the beach seemed just as endless as on the left side until the horizon swallowed it. If the weather was good, you could even see the other end of the bay. He always thought this was the other side of the world. His lips curled into a smile when he thought about how foolish that was.
Their bodies pressed against one another, fitting together like two halves, like lock and key, and Sherlock shifted to feel every inch of John against him, inside him, around him.
Sherlock snorts, "Come on, John, as if she cares about what we're doing. The only thing she cares about is
. John had been out of reach for him all this time. Something must have changed; Sherlock wasn’t exactly sure
“I’ll take that as a compliment,” John tells him, looking pleased. He massages and relaxes Sherlock’s muscles a little further, a little longer, for a few more torturously
He isn’t looking at him, but he can hear him take a deep breath. He wants to give consolation without knowing how. Something John can relate to very much.
"That trick has now worked twice on you, Doctor Watson," Mycroft continues without the hint of accusation in his voice. "I suppose, Mary knew about you falling for it once before."
Sherlock somehow managed to get out of the t-shirt without having to sit up and embarrass himself even further by showing John his inability to even lift his arms without letting out a pained sound.
John wasn’t the only one moved by this story of his childhood. Sherlock could not stop thinking about how John had tried to cling to something so simple that would bring some joy and comfort into his life; something giving him hope it would all change for the better.
His phone chimes, and he immediately gets up from his chair. The legs screech on the floor. It makes John's hairs on the back of his neck stand up.
“If you’re done flirting, shall we go?” Greg asked, raising both eyebrows. A teasing glow lay in his eyes.
John watched him with an understanding expression. “Because you thought you didn’t need it? Or want it?”
Sherlock reached for the tape and then stopped inches above the present. »You,« he cleared his throat once more. »You really want to leave it like this? It’s crinkled all over the place.«
He closed his eyes for a moment to get rid of the image that seemed to have imprinted itself on his memory now.
John started bobbing his head, and Sherlock cried out, his hips bucking up involuntarily. Strong hands pressed him back into the sheets, but John kept moving his mouth up and down in a steady rhythm that was going to be Sherlock's death.
Sherlock was never cold and unfeeling. He was the exact opposite of that. He simply chose not to let his emotions get the better of him, and they rarely did. Only sometimes. In John’s presence.
Sherlock lost himself in the feeling for a while when suddenly a new song was played that unleashed a cry of excitement from the masses on the dancefloor which was now being extended to every occupiable space between tables, benches, and stalls.
"Of thumbs and forefinger, I know," Sherlock interrupted and lifted his arms so that his elbows were at shoulder level and his fingers formed said triangle.
“You’ve no idea,” Sherlock murmured, unable to keep the grin from his voice, which earned him another, more vibrant kick against his leg.
John suddenly smiled brightly at him, huffing a soft burst of laughter, which made Sherlock frown in confusion. »Look up.«
John grabs his coat immediately while Sherlock heads for the desk's drawer to fetch John's gun. Sherlock nods towards the door then, indicating there is no time to lose and they should get going, but all John sees is Sherlock telling him it is going to be okay. They are going to bring Rosie home safely, and it will be all right. They will be all right.
It was the worst fashion sin of all times and if Sherlock weren’t feeling so hypothermic, he would never contemplate wearing a jumper like this one. For God’s sake, he wouldn’t even wear it as a disguise for a case.
He was surprised when John suggested they share one. He almost wanted to ask if that wasn't too obvious, but he managed to hold himself back just in time. Instead, he appreciated the gesture and gave in with a smile. "All right, then."
John didn’t comment on the picture, but Sherlock noticed him staring at it with an expression he couldn’t quite place. It may have been a mixture of confusion and, yes, what was the other thing? He wasn’t entirely sure.
I don't even know where to begin. So many things have happened in the last two months, few of which were good, and it took away my inspiration for this fic a little bit. I hope this will change again in the future because I still love this fic so much and no matter how long you have to wait, be assured I will never abandon it.
“That’s not exactly what a true pirate would call himself, but I suppose it’s acceptable,” Sherlock murmured as he petted the soft fur.
Sherlock smiles. His lips are swollen. It is a sight John wants to see for the rest of his life. “No.”
Eventually, John pulled away, smiled at him, and pressed a single close-mouthed kiss to his lips. “All right?” he asked.
Sherlock untangled his limbs from John and turned around, facing the window that was covered in the sky’s tears.
He reached for the waistband of his pyjama pants and struggled his way out of them. They clung somewhere around his ankle, but he couldn’t care less because John was giggling and reversing their positions. “Need some help coordinating?"
Sherlock couldn’t hold back the fit of giggles anymore. He brought his hands up to his face and covered his eyes with them. His chest rose and fell quickly until his stomach hurt from the rapid intake of air. His deep voice rumbled, trying to get his breathing back under control but a little chuckle still found its way out now and then.
"Should you really? Drink, I mean. What with your concussion and just having woken up from a coma," Sherlock asks while sitting down.
“Shut up. I meant to use those for experiments to test the extent of decomposability and time to de–“
“Actually, no,” John grinned, grabbing the volleyball his friends had brought along. “Nosy people will remain uninformed,” he teased back while Sherlock blushed bright red.
“There’s a bucket right here,” John told him and then rummaged through the medical bag to find the Pepto-Bismol. He went to get a glass of water and took out a pill.
“John …” was all he could manage. He was so exhausted, his legs felt funny and he needed John to be with him right now.
"You're so gorgeous," John whispered against his skin. Sherlock wanted to return the compliment because John was so much more handsome than him, and he deserved to be told, he deserved to receive compliments all the time. But all that came out of his mouth was John's name.
Sherlock palmed her off with nothing more than an exaggerated roll of his eyes before he headed back to the labs.
After a little while, breathing got more and more difficult, and they broke apart, panting into each other's mouths. Their foreheads were touching, Sherlock still clung to John, and John's fingers were still in his hair and under his jawline. Neither of them wanted to let go. Neither of them wanted for the moment to end.
“Hello, John!” she welcomed him when she saw the young man beside her grandson. “It’s so nice to meet you. I’m Karla.” She shook his hand excitedly.
Sherlock handed him the glass of water and dropped the aspirin into it. “I figured you’d need some.”
“She’s not in her crib,” he hears Sherlock say from the stairs and quickens his pace despite the stinging that is probably about to make itself known.
John is convinced it cannot get any worse, but when his shoulder starts stinging in unison with his wound next to his sternum, all the air leaves his lungs. An image of the hot, dirty desert of Afghanistan comes to life in before his eyes and the echoing sound of firing guns. He falls to the ground as his ears buzz; he feels drips of blood splashing around him. It must have been similar when a bullet breached his ribcage.
Sherlock nodded and got up, taking up the violin John had given him and his bow. John placed the sheets of music on the music stand before he sat down in his armchair and watched Sherlock with a fond expression on his face.
The smell of food and the prominent scent of the harbour, the sound of the music and the people's voices chattering away, laughing, shouting, having fun, all those impressions usually would not welcome him in the way they did now. He would feel out of place, as if he did not belong here, not properly, if it weren't for the reassuring pressure of the hand holding his own, pulling him through the crowd behind him when the way was too narrow to squeeze through beside one another. Always holding on, never letting go.
He kept forming new snowballs and attacked Sherlock who was too slow to avenge himself on John because he was better at aiming and avoiding the balls and faster at forming them than him.
Of course it was true. Why else would he have acted so debonairly last night? Why else would he have had no problems showing affection in public? Why else did he do everything in his power to woo him? Why else did he insist Sherlock go to Cambridge at all costs? Why else would he not want to figure out ways to make their relationship – whatever it was – work even after this holiday was over?
Thus, in the morning, he wakes early, with heavy bags under his eyes, his eyeballs red under translucent lids. He waits for Sherlock, but Sherlock doesn’t come.
“Yes, you should,” Sherlock rasped, his voice strained as he suppressed his sobs and held back his tears.
John tries not to think about the fact that he is touching Sherlock in places he had only come close to touching in his dreams. He was never allowed to do this, and now he is, and it is all so
“Do you want me to leave?” he heard John ask. It was a question to which he had no answer. Did he want him to go for John’s own good? Should he keep him here for his own selfish reasons?
‘You are a human being Sherlock, with human needs like eating enough and sleeping regularly,’ John had always said to him when he stayed up until four in the morning, performing experiments or trying to solve a case.
When Sherlock comes back down, John is still staring at his hands. Shoulders hunched, he tries to avoid whatever sermon Sherlock is undoubtedly prepared to give him. As if he doesn't know.
Of course, he couldn’t know if this was John’s intention at all. Maybe he just wanted to have fun, fool around like he always did, and Sherlock was completely wrong about all of this.
John complied immediately. They found a comfortable position and Sherlock wrapped both arms around John's body. John kissed him sensually while he continued to move his finger inside him. Sherlock's moans died in the depth of the kisses they shared, but his arousal returned. His hunger came back, and soon he craved more than only two knuckles of John’s finger.
John warmed it a little in his hand before he coated his fingers and closed them around Sherlock’s cock. “Oh, God,” Sherlock breathed and arched his back into the touch. He pulled John closer and let his fingers run over every spot they could reach. His neck, his back, his arse.
She turned her head, and her eyes shone brightly. "Angry?" she asked incredulously. "Don't be daft. I was waiting for this for weeks!"
"Turn around," the man said, and Sherlock did without saying anything, trying to control his breathing. He only needed to wait for him to make a mistake and panicking wouldn't help right now.
“John,” Sherlock whispers. He locks eyes with him for the hundredth time that night. He can see his dilated pupils and feel his breath on face. “What is it that you want?” It’s so quiet it’s almost inaudible.
“Besides, who gets to decide what is normal and what isn’t? It’s always subjective. I don’t think you need to conform to anything to live your life the way you want to.”
"No, it wasn't like that," Sherlock hurried to say. "We were just friends, she liked me, but nothing ever happened. I had no feelings for her."
The wind is cold on his face. He drowns out the voices around him; they're a blur, a cacophony of sounds and noises, something he doesn't, cannot understand. It's all the same to him now. He doesn’t understand a word apart from
Irene’s insistence was insufferable. She kept asking during classes they shared, during lunch breaks, even on the way home until Sherlock took a different tube to get home. It lasted for days and days on end until Sherlock decided to simply skip classes on the last day.
“Fair point,” John smiled softly as he took off his jacket and laid it on the back of Sherlock’s desk chair before he sat down in the armchair facing the window. “You can almost see the sea.”
"Don't need to," John replies. "Your heart is beating so fast I can feel it thumping against your ribs." He rests his hands on Sherlock's waist, carefully turning him around to face him. He smiles up at Sherlock, sees how the detective's eyes dart down to his own lips. So John stands up on tiptoes, pressing a loving kiss to Sherlock's mouth who gasps again, hands coming up to trail through John's hair.
“Come on, that was quite an experience,” she laughed softly and turned back to John. “He was so fascinated, his little mouth agape, and the bee flew inside, stinging our poor boy into the inside of his cheek. It was swollen for ages.”
“It’s okay, Sherlock, honestly,” John assured him, obviously uncomfortable to talk about this, so Sherlock let it go, which Sherlock would have done a second later anyway because John stepped onto Sherlock’s foot accidentally.
“You’re a bit of a fanatic, then,” Sherlock stated, looking at the rest of the cassettes. Most of them sounded like either corny romances or overly dramatic action films.
Sherlock had so many questions, but he forgot all of them when John’s lips pressed against his once more and they shared another long and lazy kiss before he snuggled against the other man again and was lulled to sleep by the warmth radiating from John’s body and the soft kisses he was placing on his forehead.
»Thanks for helping me carry, love,« John said sarcastically as he came in and set it down next to the door. He had never actually seen Sherlock’s room. He hadn’t ever had a particular reason to, but he couldn’t deny he had been interested when they visited his parents for the first time last year.
Sherlock groans in annoyance and trails his hand over John's chest until it rests dangerously close to his crotch. "Don't be such a bore."
Mrs Hudson visits again and brings Rosie along. It brightens up his mood, and he finds his face aching because he smiles so much. At least she's well.
»Where did you get those?« Sherlock asked and had a look at the carvings. There was an angel, a reindeer, a snowman, a priest, a king, a gingerbread man, a rocking horse, a sleigh and Father Christmas right in the middle of them.
Once he was inside, he let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. He had never felt like this before, not knowing how to breathe with his heart beating violently in his chest while all the blood either ran to his cheeks, his ears or lower parts that had never reacted to visual input in this way.
A blond fellow student in a low-cut dress and a guy Sherlock had never seen before checked the tickets at the entrance. Irene was let in before him as the blond girl eyed his ticket with an amused smile. "This one's suffered quite a bit, eh?"
John’s hands ran over his thighs until they came to rest on the small of his back, kneading his buttocks with enthusiasm.
"No," Sherlock lied, but John had already started tickling him all over the place, and Sherlock winced, trying to escape the relentless fingers that attacked his neck and throat.
They emptied their drinks after a while, returning the glasses to the bar. John invited Sherlock to another round of shots, and Sherlock didn't refuse. He didn't have much experience with alcohol except if he experimented with it in test tubes, but he trusted John would not get him too drunk, not after his … well – last experience.
“I know how hard it is to come to terms with something so huge,” John said, and yes, Sherlock remembered what he had told him some time ago; his first experiences of being with another man. How difficult it was to accept his feelings. “It takes time, and that’s okay. Time and some experimentation. Only that way, you’ll find out what you like. I wouldn’t have found out what
“No need for formalities,” Greg laughed and patted Sherlock’s back. “John told me he’d teach you some volleyball? Comes in handy really, Mike wasn’t in the mood today.”
“Love at first sight, eh?” the other man chuckled and earned a light punch on his shoulder from John.
John has trouble breathing while he lets out his anger slowly. His therapist has told him to breathe calmly first. Not a very good advice for situations like this, but then your dead flatmate about whom you had all kinds of disturbing, heart-wrenching and wet dreams doesn't come back from the dead every day so that you can practise how you'll breathe in this situation.
He cleared his throat and set down the glass. »Do you– would you like to dance?« he asked Sherlock and held out his hand.
He doesn't know how much time has passed, but when he hears footsteps on the stairs that he knows only belong to one person, his eyes fly towards the door.
There was no way he would survive the next three months unless he went home and forgot about John. He still had the choice after all: go back to the same old boring life where nothing exciting took place, and no friends were around to have fun with or stay here and watch the person that mattered the most to him jump from bed to bed with girls he barely knew and keep quiet about how much he hated this.
What would he give for one of John’s shoulder massages instead. That would loosen him up properly. God knew what they had planned for him …
"Nothing, I … I just remembered something. From my coma. Again." He scoffs. "For the umpteenth fucking time. Because that stuff just won't leave me alone." Sherlock nods, signalling him to go on if he wants to, making sure he knows he doesn't have to, though.
, definitely (or was it?) too soon, and likely John only told him because that's what one told each other after what they just did. He had never said it until now, though.
John thought they were going in the right direction, but it's never easy for them. Especially this isn’t.
Lestrade probably didn’t even want a present from Sherlock, but John probably wanted to buy something for him. Maybe he could just give him one of his IDs Sherlock always nicked. He wasn’t sure Lestrade would be very pleased about it. Neither would John. He probably had to ask John about what to buy for him and Molly.
Sherlock lifts his head a little and looks up at him. “I thought we’d established to stick to first names, John.”
John smiled against his neck, pushing his nose into Sherlock’s hair, nuzzling him gently. “Let’s focus on what we get for sure. We’ll have this,” he whispered against his nape. “Until the summer ends.”
That voice. A spark of recognition shoots through John's brain, waking up every neuron there is, firing, gaining data, looking for information. He knows that voice, knows it well.
John rested his head on Sherlock’s chest. His arms automatically wrapped themselves around John’s back.
And yet, he hadn’t seen John in the company of a girl until just very recently. Jealousy rose in his belly when he witnessed the blond boy winking at the waitress of the ice cream parlour to which they had gone who of course wasn’t uninterested in him either.
Sherlock nuzzles John's cheek, cupping the back of his head gently. "Tomorrow. I think I'll need to make a couple of adjustments to the song. Finish it."
He looked around and saw all the little things he imagined to see. There was a microscope on Sherlock’s desk, chemical equipment all over the place. His parents probably didn’t want to store it in boxes in the attic, which Sherlock appreciated very much. A periodic table adorned the wall next to the bed and he could see some scribbles on the opposite wall. Had he been solving equations?
Sherlock sighed wearily, but didn’t say another word of complaint. With a lot of care and clever fingers, he wrapped up the little carton boxes.
John pulled back a little and avoided his eyes for a moment before he lifted his gaze again. “I wanted it to be the perfect moment. I wanted to surprise you and see your gorgeous smile before I– Oh, look,” he answered and dropped his gaze to the dog’s collar.
“The first time I stayed out until two in the morning, I was at Mycroft’s office, discussing some serious matters–“
Sherlock shot him an exasperated glance as if he’d never do anything stupid or rash even and Greg just shook his head at the two men.
“Come here,” John breathes and pulls him closer with one hand while reaching down to line up their erections.
“Serbian prison. He sneaked in to get me out. Couldn’t help but enjoy the show as they kept venting their spleen on me, though.” He shrugs, pretends it is nothing. John’s heart skips more than just one beat.
John leans back in his chair, cracking the knuckles of his fingers. He yawns as he stretches, feeling his bones protesting loudly.
John spent most nights at Sherlock's place. It was a silent agreement after John had told his friends. Sherlock didn’t see Greg, Mike and Bill for almost a week, but after the third night he and John had spent in the same bed, they all met on the beach. The knowing and teasing grins on their faces told him everything he needed to know.
“When Ajay found her and confronted her, she mocked him. He followed her all the way down to Morocco where he died because of her,” she says bitterly, toying with a strand of her hair. “I actually intended to get at your wife for killing Ajay. We were so good together, and then she came along and–" Eurus interrupts herself and heaves a deep sigh. “I wanted her to suffer. I wanted her to suffer the way
John rubs a hand over his face, letting himself rest against the backrest of the chair. "It's not been so easy, these past few days. Weeks. Months." He huffs a sarcastic laugh.
He collapsed on the sofa with a weary sigh and pressed his palms against his eyes, running his hands through his ruffled hair. It wasn’t long until Christmas Day and he was running out of time.
She chuckled at that. “You have lovely manners, my dear, but there’s no need, really. Sherlock told me a lot about you the day you met, and I was very excited to meet you, too.”
Sherlock wanted to believe her desperately, and yet nobody appreciated his deductive talents with which he'd already astonished everyone in primary school. He knew they were jealous and scared at the same time. Jealous because they couldn’t think and make deductions as logically and quickly as he could and scared because they never knew which of their little secrets Sherlock would expose next. They avoided him, and he avoided them as soon as he had realised they didn't want to have him around. It hurt to be rejected this way just because he was cleverer than them, but he would always have someone who would be there for him and comfort him because Redbeard would never be as cruel and mean as them.
Normal people get married, don’t they? Mrs Hudson had told him that, too. After her rather emotional outbreak and her reprimanding way of telling him how inappropriate his behaviour had been.
Sherlock’s fingers found the buttons of John’s shirt, fumbling with the first one. He was barely capable of unbuttoning the garment because his hands were shaking.
Something clenches in John's chest as he hears Sherlock's whispered, pleading words full of uncertainty and hope. He looks adorable standing there – and yes, that truly is the only word fitting the look on the detective's nervous face.
“Yes, you’d better keep those well away from her,” John tells him insistently. “But I’m not talking about that. I mean after the drone and the explosion, … everything she did – Had we already finished renovating? I can’t really remember.” He tries to think back to when they tried to find the bits and pieces that survived the explosion, but he can’t progress forward from that.
They walked around the stands and the doctor bought chocolate covered strawberries for Sherlock and himself. They shared a pancake with honey and roasted almonds later, their fingers brushing every now and then while reaching into the little bag.
The storm in John's eyes ebbed away, the waves settled into their familiar rhythm, and the sun pushed the dark clouds away. "You're a romantic fool," Sherlock chuckled, and all the tension seemed to leave his body.
This was the perfect gift. It was what he’d been looking for since the day he went out Christmas shopping with John. It would convey everything he had to say, everything he was incapable of putting into words, everything he wanted John to know and everything he couldn’t show him with a kiss or a caress or a look.
»What a shame. I never understood why people would wrap the gifts. They tear off the paper anyway so why would they want to waste it?« Sherlock stated matter-of-factly.
When he opened his eyes again, he realised they were almost the only couple on the dance floor. He saw Greg’s and Molly’s huge smiles and only later, he would learn Greg didn’t just smile because he won the bet he made with Donovan since he’d punted on the two of them dancing together in front of everyone today, but also because he was generally happy for them.
»Hey!« John got het up, but still chuckled. »You should be glad I didn’t notice and didn’t spoil the surprise.«
John steered him backwards slowly, and Sherlock didn’t realise how far back they had stepped until his thighs came into contact with the soft mattress of John’s bed. Without thinking, he sank down without breaking the kiss. John’s carded his hands through Sherlock’s hair, utterly tousling the wisps and strands as they slid between his fingers.
"I'm sorry. About everything I did and said last night," he breathed then. "I'm sure you had other things on your mind, and then I frustrated your plans. I really didn't–" It cost so much strength to talk.
Was she angry? Or even disappointed? Sherlock wasn't able to make anything of her facial expression. He never took her for homophobic. Would she be opposed to the idea of John and him? Would she want to deny him this? Sherlock thought she really took to John when she invited him over for lunch, and even last night when she immediately agreed to let him stay over.
Once the fairy lights were up, John went to the kitchen and made Sherlock breakfast, secretly watching him hanging the bauble he’d been holding for several minutes on the tree. The dark haired man rummaged carefully through the various boxes, as he didn’t want to break anything because most of the decoration belonged to John and John absolutely loved decorating.
Sherlock doesn't reply. That's a first. He presses his lips together, and now, he is the one staring at the ground.
A thick layer of snow was covering the ground when Sherlock left the house as it had been snowing all day. It was really coming down in huge flakes now and he knew he would have to hurry up in order to get back before the storm started.
His heart was in his mouth, and he could feel beads of sweat forming on his forehead. He tried to swallow the lump in his throat three times before he gave up entirely.
John swallowed hard. “You doubted me and you had every right to. When I reconsider it, God, I would’ve come to the same conclusions. But, please, you have to trust me on just one thing. There’s one thing I could never do to you which is cheating.
His heart felt heavy when he remembered why they both despised the holiday even though this was the time of peace and love.
John doesn't take much notice of the hustle and bustle around him, various doctors and nurses checking his blood pressure, his pulse, his eye movements, his reflexes… He just lets them have their way with him, cooperates where he needs to, but in the end, it all goes by in a flash.
The first dreams haven’t been so … intense. The instant he saw Sherlock enter his dream, he steeled and braced himself against what was to come. No matter where the dreams started out, they always ended at the same place. The cold, wet pavement in front of Barts with the same horrid picture that would never leave John’s mind again.
"Isn't someone observant," John smiled at him; that teasing smirk that just wouldn't leave his lips.
Once John was asleep, Sherlock lifted his arm carefully and rolled over. He stared at the wall for what seemed like hours, trying to get some sleep, too, but his brain wouldn’t let him rest. The engine in his head kept turning and thinking hence Sherlock got out of bed, grabbed his clothes and sneaked out of the room quietly.
The next hours were hellish. Sherlock’s fever was persistent and it brought John to the edge of despair. He wiped Sherlock’s forehead once he had changed the leg compresses and repeated the procedure every ten minutes.
The fact that John would give up the part of a relationship he usually indulged in with his partners made Sherlock’s heart ache. He wouldn’t have to give it up.
“You do understand, of course, that this does not mean that I will attend this ridiculous event in any case, don’t you?"
Wet sounds filled the room and broke the crackling silence and Sherlock gasped again when he felt a strong hand in his hair, tugging gently at it to bring him even closer.
He answered in German, apologising, and hurried to make a move, which was the worst mistake of his life apparently because the woman must have noticed something in his gait and stopped him immediately.
“Do you want me to put lotion on your back?” John offered when he watched Sherlock who almost sprained his arms trying to reach his spinal area.
Okay is … okay. Not good, and not bad. He still wants it to be better … because that’s how things have been in the beginning. They have been good.
“Most of them were meaningless one-night stands, nothing serious. I thought I was in a serious relationship recently, but she didn’t think of it that way.”
Only moments before oversensitivity would take over did he remove his hands, slowly pulling out his fingers as to not hurt him intentionally.
"God, I hope she isn't," John answers. "But after that rainstorm that surprised us during our walk two days ago …"
Sherlock couldn’t answer him. Breathing normally felt like an impossible thing to do in this moment, not because of the high dosage of the drugs circulating through his system but because of the tears welling up in his eyes, almost choking him.
John smiles and tucks his hands into his trouser pockets. He's not seen Sherlock this nervous before, and he takes pleasure in the fact that this nervousness has been caused by
Sherlock lay in the sheets; a thin film of sweat covered his forehead and his chest, which was still heaving minutes later. John had kissed him sweetly before he had disappeared downstairs to make breakfast. Sherlock had let him go reluctantly, his fingers clinging to John’s hair. His fingertips brushed over the soft stubble on John’s chin when John pulled back.
John smiles sadly, almost huffing out what he's saying. "I hope not as I would," he tells him honestly.
“I’ll be right there,” John told him, hurrying to take the flannel back to the bathroom, tossing it into the sink. When he climbed back into bed with Sherlock, he pulled him close against his chest, pressing languid kisses to his forehead, his nose, his cheeks, and his lips.
A sharp pain shoots through him; the bullet tears his shirt apart at the seam, grazing his skin. He hunches, his hand flying to the wound on his arm.
“So…, “ he started, but didn’t know how to say it without making it sound terribly wrong. “He found someone else. Did you, too?”
"Yeah because I thought we–" John's eyes widen as he realises what he was going to say and he stops himself mid-sentence.
»God,« John gasped and closed his eyes. »Like that,« he breathed and tried to meet Sherlock’s strokes by thrusting into his fist, moaning softly.
"Why would I waste my time with a girl whose attitude towards a faithful relationship is more than atrocious?" he asked dismissively.
»Well, I guess that’s one way to look at it,« John chuckled quietly. »It wouldn’t be a surprise if there was no wrapping paper, would it?«
Once they were in a cab, Sherlock‘s body sank against John's who smiled fondly at his friend and wrapped an arm around his shoulders, causing Sherlock to sigh contentedly. He’s definitely had too much even though it was just mulled wine, but all things considered, it had been a successful evening and John had accomplished to cheer Sherlock up after all.
“That may be true, but let me tell you something,” John whispered and pressed a gentle kiss to Sherlock’s lips. “They’re just jealous.”
The dark-haired boy stared at the floor. “My grandpa stayed over at our place during the holidays when I was twelve. We all went down to Brighton one afternoon and–” Sherlock swallowed at the memory. “He died when we went for a swim in the sea together. He had a heart attack and was dead immediately. I haven’t gone swimming ever since.”
“If you want to insult us by stating how disgusting we are, you might as well do it in our language,” Sherlock answered, his jaw firm and set.
“God!” He jumps in surprise, torn away from the intimate moment and thrown back into reality when Mrs Hudson stands behind him. “John! What are you doing here? I thought you’d still be in hospital today!”
“I wish I could do this under different circumstances,” John murmured and his voice was full of bitterness.
“Why not?” Sherlock inquired immediately. “It’s not like we’re doing anything illegal. Besides, nobody saw this anyway.” He sounded defiant, possibly more than he intended to, but he was trying to make a point. He couldn’t believe John would honestly care what people thought about them. After all, he had told him that it was all fine. So why make a fuss now?
God, he didn't want to remember any of the things he had had to go through, but at this moment, he knew that he would endure it all again if it only meant John would stay with him. He was immensely grateful for whatever it was that brought him into his life, into his bed, into his arms.
“I think I have you quite a good view this morning already,” John joked, turning around over his shoulder and winking at him before disappearing down the hall.
"All right, I won't say it, then," John smiles reservedly, appreciating her fussing because it feels like home. As though nothing has happened at all.
There were things they didn’t say because they carried imminent conflict on their shoulders. Nevertheless, they had to be given a voice, no matter how much they would hurt. What mattered were their chests relieving themselves from their weight and regaining the strength they lost from holding them inside for too long.
“Come on,” John smiled and before he even realised what had happened, John’s hand intertwined with his own and the other pulled him close by the hip as the song
Sherlock closed his eyes, the punch made him feel light-headed and the music ran through his veins like the electric current he felt again. Everything was the way it should be.
John closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Jesus, Sherlock,” he breathed. “That was more than a year ago.”
"Your phone, it was a gift from him," Sherlock pointed out. "It's a new model, only came out a few months ago, so it was expensive. By all means, you wouldn't waste your money on a phone like this, so it was a gift. Another thing indicating this are the scratches around the charging socket. Every time he plugged in the charger, his hands were shaking, therefore the scratches. These signs are only on phones of alcoholics, never on others.”
“Nothing worth wasting our time over by talking about it,” Sherlock tells him in earnest and pulls him down onto the sofa, so they’re lying side-by-side.
“Yes, and I told you we’d figure it out. Together,” John answered, running his fingertips over Sherlock’s knuckles.
His head turned; he just had to look at John to see what he was thinking. His emotions were always so clearly written all over his face, evident from the way his lips curled upwards or the lines on his forehead or the softness that lay in his eyes.
with him, romantically. His heart pounded faster than it should, but he didn’t mind as long as John’s lips were touching his skin.
Sherlock smiles. John’s heart goes up in flames. It doesn’t hurt. It’s glorious. “It’s a cross I have to bear.”
else – and frankly, looked terrific in his shorts. No, Sherlock did not fantasise about him. He merely observed … though too avidly, as he realised a few weeks ago, because whenever the mental images of the blond man flashed up in his mind unexpectedly during a shower or whenever he lay in bed willing his brain to shut up, it felt almost impossible to keep his hand from going to places on his body he normally left untouched. He was above what the human race coined
His voice was quivering when he spoke again nonetheless, “if you don’t care about what I thought back then, you certainly don’t care about what I think right now, or about me in general. You’re not even listening to my explanation, so I might as well leave.”
“Of course, what did you expect?” Sherlock answered, burying his left hand in John’s hair, carding through the golden strands.
Sherlock led for a few minutes – he was sure John let him have a little triumph and smiled at this – before John was beside him again. The water was calm, the waves tender and gentle against their bodies; no foam on the stones that had been piled up close to the beach to break them.
He doesn't want to make this choice. Even the fact that he has been given a choice like this is ridiculous. Never would he thought he'd have to face someone like Eurus, having to decide between his lover's or his daughter's fate. He has been through so much ridiculous shit in his life, granted, but nothing as bad as this.
"Are you all right? You look as if you've seen a ghost," Sherlock makes a forced attempt at a joke. John doesn't even manage a giggle. Sherlock takes his usual seat next to John's bed and squeezes his arm in greeting. "John, hey, are you with me?"
"You know what the right choice is, John," Sherlock whispers; his voice full of sorrow, and John cannot bear it.
Buying the pumpkin was one thing. Carving it out was another. John would have figured Sherlock knew how to work with knives but watching him carve out that big orange monster gave him anxiety that he couldn’t keep looking away for more than five seconds. Sherlock’s grunts and muttered curses didn’t allow him to anyway.
He wants to interject that he merely wanted to be sure, but next thing he knows is Sherlock's lips on his and a tongue sneaking forward to meet his own. He kisses back and only just manages to get "morning breath" out while Sherlock's insistent mouth does the most wonderful things.
“Yeah, but I can’t really run any tests here, to find out what causes the symptoms,” John countered. “Please. You have to be reasonable about this. If it gets worse, you’ll go and see a professional.”
Sherlock buried his face in the crook of John’s neck. It was almost a reflex that happened automatically when John complimented him although he knew John wouldn’t see him blush in the darkness anyway.
Greg was slightly taller than John. His hair was dark brown, but a bit lighter than Sherlock's own. He was just as muscular as John, and his face looked very friendly and open. There were a few wrinkles around his eyes when he laughed, which he seemed to do all the time.
He steps closer and reaches for his hands. He needs to feel something resembling reassurance. His chest constricts, and all the air in his lungs leaves him. Sherlock squeezes his hands gently.
John watches him fondly. With his eyes are closed and his even breathing, he’s on the verge of falling asleep. John runs his hand through the soft, tangled curls. “I love you, you brilliant, gorgeous man.”
John silently sends a silent ‘thank you' with his eyes to Sherlock who lets it go and folds his hands beneath his chin.
Sherlock let out a mild sigh that drowned in the kiss because John’s lips were covering his own again and Sherlock couldn’t help but moan against them.
Just a moment later, John entere and set his cup of tea down on the bedside table. Placing a cool flannel on his forehead, he stroked a few errant curls of silky hair back from his temple with gentle fingers.
John went to get it from this room and handed it to his friend. Sherlock looked down at it. His heart was pounding rapidly against his chest. They always went on cases together and this was the first time
It was bliss, getting to wake up this way every morning with a protective arm wound around him, warmth radiating from the body behind him and from the sheets covering his skin. It was only when he turned around in John's arms that he realised that he was hard. Again.
He closed them again in defeat, unable to stand it. He felt terrible. Why couldn’t they just go back to how they were before? When there lay adoration, affection and love in John’s ocean blue eyes …
“Ow! That was my foot!” Sherlock exclaimed, losing his rhythm for a moment, while John apologised laughing.
John made love to him and his slow and gentle and loving movements nearly suffocated him. His lips traced Sherlock’s external ear, letting him shiver and hum and moan.
At least, he wasn't the only one still thinking about it. Otherwise, John wouldn't be here now, would he?
“Says the one who almost ended up in hospital because of it,” John chided him, but Sherlock knew he had enjoyed the excitement just as much as he had at some point.
He imagined himself in compromising yoga poses. No, this definitely wasn’t an option. He wouldn’t. He
Sherlock locked eyes with her for another second before it became clear. The lady from the bar who had refused to sell him any more drinks after the second cognac.
Now, however, he had a different reason to truly “celebrate” Halloween, and that reason had come up to him about four days ago, jumping up and down while tugging on his dressing-gown, “Daddy, Daddy, everyone is so excited about Halloweennnnnn.” She dragged out the word to show her enthusiasm about what apparently her friends and her teachers at pre-school seemed to have told her about. “They’ve decorated everything with spiders ‘n’ pumpkins ‘n’ twats!”
It was a hopeless case; Sherlock was aware of that, even though he still didn't know how it had happened. He craved John's touch more than he had ever craved anything. Before John, this had never occurred; and then he stepped into his life and turned everything around, causing a U-turn.
Sherlock’s confused look amused all of them equally.“Shut up, you nutter.” John was still smiling. “That’s Bill.”
She winked at Bill and a few other girls who were at the organisation team for the night, and then the lights in the hall went dark. Except for a few spotlights.
Sherlock eyed the five colourful pills. He shook his head to get rid of any doubts he still had. Maybe it would help him forget. Maybe just for one night.
For a moment, neither of them said anything. Sherlock couldn’t stop returning John’s gaze. Those eyes pierced into his own and he didn’t do anything to stop it. It was more intimate than anything he had ever experienced.
He thinks of living in an empty flat, grey and sullen, with walls closing in on him. He hears Rosie's cries and heaves himself up and out of his armchair. It's an all too familiar picture. He has already tried to live this way. It had brought him nowhere but to the edge of despair – and to the cabinet that contained the only means to make him cope. He doesn't want to live like this anymore. He simply
»I know, but it’ll get better. Come on, take this,« John told him and handed him a pill and the glass of water. Sherlock sat up a little and complied without further ado before he sank back against the sofa. »It’s cold,« he murmured.
Still slightly stiff, he reaches for her, pressing her gently against his chest and kissing her cheek. “Hello, princess,” he breathes. “Are you having a good day?”
Sherlock went to the men’s lavatory and let some cold water run over his hands, splashing some onto his flushed face and cleavage. It had taken them so long to finally
“Shh.” He lifted his thumb and pressed it against Sherlock’s lips. He was already more than just tipsy as well. “Let us have this.”
, Sherlock knew that. John's dream must have been very vivid, and it must have involved him in some way since he checked on him as soon as he had woken up and kissed him passionately; as if he had to make himself realise it had been just a nightmare. Not real. Not anymore.
The noise of an incoming text alert interrupts him. Sherlock whips out his phone, staring at the display in disbelief.
"I– I need to–," he breathes, his voice crumbling under all the stress weighing him down. “I’ve got to–“ and with that, Sherlock grabs his coat and rushes out of the lab, not looking at either John or Molly for one second. With a slam of the door, he is gone.
A part of him will always want Sherlock, and as long as he doesn’t know if his feelings are requited, he will not find peace in the relationship he is in. As unfair as that is towards Mary, it is even more unjust to stay in this and to pretend to love her as if she’s the love of his life when he can barely keep it up when he is intimate with her, the snide remarks of his not-so-dead flatmate always present at some stage. It simply isn’t fair.
Sherlock reaches for him and kisses him then and reminds him of the other part of their deal. So John tells him.
“That would be nice,” John smiled and then dipped his head underwater. When he came back up, he shook his head, small drops of water from his hair flying in all directions. “Speaking of coming …”
Sherlock rubbed his eyes, causing the tears to roll down his cheeks. He was unable to stop them. What the hell was John going to show him? What was this all about?
“Promise?” the woman asks in a hushed tone. Sherlock hesitates. John doesn’t dare look into their direction.
He saw John was about to answer him, he had already opened his mouth to speak and if it weren’t for Mary’s hand on his knee, he would have shouted at him for at least five minutes.
“When I came home from the owners’ house, I showered and put on new clothes in order to leave you incapable of deducing where I was. I was there when I told you Turner asked me to cover for him and I was there when I told you the Tesco around the corner had run out of your favourite yoghurt so I had to look elsewhere. I deleted the text messages I got from them so you wouldn’t have a chance of guessing. I genuinely wanted to surprise you. That’s why I kept this a secret from you.”
Sherlock gave him a look, recalling his grandma’s imprudence of showing John the photo album containing so many memories of Sherlock’s childhood.
Silence overtook them as they listened to the gentle waves rushing over the stones by the beach. The sound was calming – soothing. It was when John had likely assumed that he had fallen asleep, that he shook his arm lightly.
On the one hand he wanted to escape, on the other he wanted to stay in this bed with this man for the rest of his life.
Sherlock lifted his head; their faces were only inches apart. “What do you think?” he asked quietly, making John grin sweetly.
In the next moment, he felt one of John’s hands on his hip and the other one cupped his cheek, stroking the soft skin behind his earlobe. He hesitated just a little and looked deeply into Sherlock’s eyes, needing to find reassurance for what he was about to do. Sherlock parting his lips was enough for him. He felt Sherlock’s breath on his face and dropped his gaze to his mouth.
wrong. You never tell me you love me unless you’re drunk or absolutely knackered or … worried, scared even. You always tell me when you think I’m going to leave you or when you doubt my feelings for you, which usually happens when you wake up from nightmares that only occur once in a long while now, thank God.”
After they had agreed to meet at the beach later, John headed back to Mike's holiday house. Sherlock could imagine their giggles and smirks and winks, but he had decided not to expose himself to any of their reactions. He could picture them well enough and didn't need the real version of that. After all, all they had done in John's and his presence was tease them about just getting it on. And what they were to one another was
“What would that kind of fun look like?” Sherlock slurred slightly. He couldn’t even trust his voice anymore.
. There were no secret glances, furtive peeks, no clandestine glimpses. They were allowed to look, to take in, to admire, to stare, to savour. It was not overshadowed by the necessity to take care of bullet wounds, stitches, bruises, or scars in a charged atmosphere in which both of them wanted to be brave enough to reach out and not let go, but never dared.
It was the most recent Bond film apparently. John told him the next one was to come out in November. He said that Pierce Brosnan was his favourite leading actor although
There was a stage on one of the meadows close to the harbour. Along the way up to the beach, lots of little stalls have been put up where people sold primarily beer but also other drinks, and snacks, mostly German sausage, fish buns, sandwiches, burnt almonds, and ice cream.
"Then I'd better make this good," John smiled and came up briefly to kiss him, intensely, passionately, before they parted with a wet smack that seemed loud in Sherlock's ears. Sherlock had no doubts about that. This was already so much more than he ever dared to dream about.
“Not as much as earlier,” Sherlock answered and moved a little closer, not sure how close he should be to John; how close he was wanted.
Sherlock gnaws on his bottom lip. "First of all, I adore Rosie," he huffs. "I would have never thought I'd ever say these words. But it's the truth. I love taking care of her. And of you. Being looked after is what you both deserve after everything you've been through."
“What? Why?” Sherlock inquired. Despite not truly understanding the spirit and the point of keeping to traditions, even he would not like to spend Christmas by himself.
John chuckles, but then the conversation turns serious. He doesn't want to talk about the funeral, but Sherlock forced him to watch him die and left him behind thinking he was actually dead. Making him aware how much that hurt is not a great payback, but nobody can't deny him the occasional reminder of how that was more than
Sherlock turned his head to his side and saw a young man who was about his height, dressed in dark jeans and a leather jacket. “Pardon?”
»I was six or seven when he started to abuse my mum; he would hit her until she cowered in the corner of the sitting room with a black eye or a bloody cheek, but that was just the beginning. She was covered in bruises all the time. My father wouldn’t give her time to heal, he would just carry on hurting her.
for listening.” There was a drowsy smile on John’s lips and Sherlock kissed it off them. It tasted sweet and mellifluous and he didn’t want it to end. The fact that John trusted him with all the things he had told him tonight relieved him immensely.
He left the room without telling him where he went, giving Sherlock a moment to himself. The dark-haired man buried a hand in his damp hair, almost sobbing from the pain ripping through his stomach.
“I’ve been an idiot …" he whispers. "I just know that I would have been very happy had you told me," he says. "And I know that I will never allow you to think that lowly of yourself again. You matter, and even if you don't to some people, you do to Mycroft and Greg and Molly and Mrs Hudson and Rosie, and your parents. And most of all, to me."
Sherlock ignored the comment as he headed to the doorway and stopped there, getting an overview of the main hall where everyone was dancing and chatting and probably having the time of their life.
John's kissing technique was something that had kept Sherlock up at night more than once. Even followed him into his dreams. Apparently, it was good enough to let him experience wet dreams and give him the hardest erection he'd ever had in his life.
Sherlock let out a soft moan. Who would have thought a small touch like this could make him forget about all inhibitions already?
"The weather is lovely today. Don't you want to go to the beach?" his grandma suggested, resting her hands on the back of his armchair.
“Me too.” John’s fingers played with an errant curl close to his temple. “But what’s bothering you?”
John reached for both his hands and squeezed them gently as he ran one thumb over the knuckles of his left hand. “Well,” he said, in an earnest voice, “how could I refuse such a lovely invitation?”
His hand slid down, cupping Sherlock's balls and massaging them lightly. Christ. He was so hard. Had he ever been this aroused? Maybe the first time they had sex. He honestly couldn't remember. If John kept pressing any harder, they would burst.
He has got one minute and twenty-nine seconds to tell Sherlock he loves him before they’re going to die.
"Sherlock …" John reaches for his hand and takes a few steps towards him, but Sherlock involuntarily flinches and retreats.
The closer he came to the beach the more painful his chest ached. Nerviness seemed to have replaced the blood in his veins because his hands were trembling and his legs were wobbly. He felt hot and cold at the same time, cold beads of sweat stood on his hairline.
When he finally made it to the toilet, he stumbled into one of the cubicles, almost falling onto the seat. Had he tried to relieve himself in front of a urinal, he might have staggered against his neighbour, and he still had
Sherlock felt his orgasm approach with huge steps; his insides tingled suspiciously and the feeling overtook his whole body slowly, creeping through his veins until his head was spinning with pure need. He pushed up into John's hand and tried to keep his own hand going as best he could. "God, you're so gorgeous like this," John whispered into his ear, his breath cold on the heated skin of his temples. He was panting himself. "Let go, love, ahh–come for me. You're so close, just … just let go. I've got you."
“As I said, no ransom. And puzzling texts. This is no ordinary kidnapping, and I've had my fair share of those, Lestrade. Believe me. If I tell you it's a person who knows us and that it's someone we likely know as well, then that's a fact."
“Oh, Liebling, it’s fine. I’m sure John knew that already,” she winked at him and then looked at John who was grinning from ear to ear at how red Sherlock’s cheeks could turn within mere seconds. “I’m so happy for both of you.” Her smile was warm and her eyes crinkled.
He wished he could turn back the time and undo what he did, unsay what he said, but there was no way he could fix this. There simply wasn't. He had said such mean things and hadn't meant any of them. Sometimes, people do that just to hurt people back. To blame them. To make them feel the pain that you are feeling yourself. To simply make them see that they are wrong; … or at least not completely right.
"C'mon John, you should be pleased!" Bill told him. "Still though, we're lucky Mike's house has two bathrooms, or else we'd all still be at home."
“So if he hadn’t said yes, you wouldn’t have asked me?” Sherlock snorted quietly. “You laugh at every threat he utters and then go and ask for his blessing?”
“I don’t even know the truth anymore,” John answers ruefully and closes his eyes. “I’m not who people think I am."
“I’m trying,” Sherlock shrugged as he handed the ball to his teammate whose turn it was to serve now.
"I know exactly what you're thinking, and I know this sort of sigh well enough by now," he answered, propping onto his arm and letting his hand wander to Sherlock's cheek. His thumb brushed over his prominent cheekbone, over his ear until his fingers disappeared in Sherlock's hair. He welcomed the touch; John always did this when trying to make a point. "If we never do anything but this, I wouldn't mind at all. I could go on forever just kissing you."
“I’m not as happy right now, no, because I’m a crappy boyfriend who screwed up his apology, but I’m relieved. That you let me explain and apologise. Even though my explanation made you question if you're even good enough for me. I'm not good at bringing across what I truly want to say sometimes, and I failed badly this time, but let me tell you that despite all this, it doesn't mean that you're not making me happy because you are. I'm very happy that you're with me. That I can talk to you about things I don't tell other people. That sometimes you don't even have to say anything but just listen to make me feel better. That you decided to trust me out of all people with your life since the very first day. That I can listen to your deductions of random people on the street and that you’re doing the craziest experiments right over there at your desk. That I can wake up next to you and spend time with you even if we do nothing interesting all day and you keep complaining how bored you are. I cherish these things, Sherlock, all of them, and the last thing I want is to leave you behind or make you think that you don’t make me happy.”
More tears welled up in Sherlock's eyes. She cared so much that it made his chest constrict. Why couldn't John care? Why couldn't he? Why didn't he?
His fingers run over those sharp cheekbones. Sherlock is still here. He touches the soft strands of hair, plays with them, wraps them around his fingers. Sherlock is still here. He rests his hands on the back of Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock is still here, still kissing him slowly, languidly because now they can, now they have the chance and the time to do so.
John was talented at everything involving romantic activities and Sherlock simply lacked experience. He’d never had a love interest after Victor and since he’d mostly deleted everything about sentiment and matters like ‘how to act when in a relationship’ after the break-up, it was obvious he didn’t know how to meet John’s requirements. He was going to disappoint him no matter what they were going to do and John was probably going to lose interest in him as soon as he realised that.
His mouth feels dry, and the more often he swallows, the worse it gets. He is about to fuck things up even more, isn't he? He's not even remotely good at talking about this, but he knows he can't divert the conversation into another direction anymore.
"She's spoiling us," Sherlock grinned and went to put the kettle on. He hadn't heard her leave, being too preoccupied with other activities. "Tea or coffee?"
»I do feel … the same,« he admitted. »But … I don’t know if I can give you what you’re looking for,« Sherlock said, his cheeks flushing a little. »I don’t think I … I don’t think I can meet your requirements.«
A few people stood by the cocktail bar close to the volleyball court, but not too many. “You want anything?” John asked when they came past it.
And then the words came without restraint, without second-guessing them, without even knowing how they found their way out so easily, openly. “I love you, John.”
John breaks out in giggles, pushing the sponge against his chin. “Seriously. I’m in love with a twelve-year-old.”
Sherlock grabs him by the arms and pulls him out of the fire with all his might. He turns him onto his back carefully and touches his face with his glove-covered hand to get his attention, almost cradling his face. John can barely open his eyes. Mary must be here, too. He can hear her broken sobs as she says his name, but, somehow, she doesn’t matter. He only cares about one person right now. His lifesaver.
Sherlock locked eyes with John. They had been together for two weeks and three days. Something Sherlock never expected to happen was having a relationship with somebody. John had assured him it wasn’t a fling; it was serious. He was committed to this. They both were. Why did he have to make it so hard for him?
He hasn’t. Ever. Because it was too big a truth to admit to himself and to accept. He is surprised he has made peace with the fact that he is extremely attracted to Sherlock. That it would go as far as having him arouse him and have him jerk him off in his dreams. That he would make him so hard that he cannot refrain from touching himself once he wakes up.
"I need you," John whispers into Sherlock's shirt, the words slipping out between sobs without him really wanting to. "I need you, Sherlock, I …"
A small smile appeared on Sherlock’s lips and a warm rush ran through his veins at John’s praise. He felt like a little kid again who couldn’t wait to decorate the house once it was December. John had somehow infected him with his Christmas spirit. However, he couldn’t let it show because his flatmate was probably going to find that adorable and Sherlock was
A quiet sigh escaped from their chests at the same time, leaving them smiling against each other’s lips. “What a treat,” John whispered.
Because John Watson was a terrible man. A fearful man who loved to tease; to touch once and then let you bathe in the sensation of emptiness that he left on a patch of skin that his fingers were no longer interested in for now because they found a much more sensitive spot to work on – a spot that seemed to make Sherlock go even madder when someone touched it in a certain way. John could not find out soon enough how to touch him precisely like that, to make him moan and squirm beneath him.
“I had no right, Sherlock,” John murmurs hoarsely, remembering all the times he stepped between Sherlock and the people who intended to hurt him, verbally and physically.
“I know you had a dog when you were a kid and that he was your best friend back then. I saw how good you were with that one client's sheep dog,” John explained calmly.
There was a hand at the back of his knees and on his back and Sherlock tried to open his eyes to realise John lifted him into his arms and carried him. His head came to rest against John’s shoulder. His body was so strong and comfortable and Sherlock wished it weren’t just three steps until they reached the bed.
," Sherlock murmured and wanted to turn away. He'd never been particularly good at any sport; he was a fast runner and knew a lot about Baritsu and a bit about boxing, which never came up in P.E., though. Every time the teacher made them play a team sport, he ended up being made responsible for losing the game. It was his fault, every goddamn time.
“Shall we?” John asked, nodding towards the others that he had spotted just now. It wasn’t very hard since they were waving. Likely on their third or fourth beer already.
“Cramps,” he whispered as he turned onto his side and pulled his knees up against his chest, trying to find relief in the position.
But could he really burden Sherlock with Rosie? Sure, she is a cheerful little girl, and Sherlock loves her with all his heart, yet he doesn't know what it means to raise a baby 24/7. She is lively and vivacious and demanding…
John wanted to say so much more, but he didn't know how to voice those thoughts. Sherlock must have seen it because he smiled and shook his head as though to tell him it was all right, that he already knew and that he didn't need to hear John say anything else. Their lips found each other once again and their hands intertwined. When Sherlock pulled back, he whispered against his skin, "So he taught you any techniques you want to make use of, or …?"
They walked home hand in hand an hour later, and as they passed the café where they always shared their ice cream, the girl who usually served them greeted and waved at them from behind the counter. When they arrived at Sherlock's place, dinner was already waiting for them. Afterwards, when they headed up the stairs, Sherlock could already feel every cell of his body vibrating in anticipation while at the same time, every single muscle screamed at the tiniest strain.
“Are you now? It’s hardly my fault you make a … rather vivid appearance in my dreams,” Sherlock answered, at which John grinned widely.
did. Did you never wonder why I seduced you on that bus?" She looks at John with that bittersweet grin. "It was almost too easy, but since I couldn’t hurt her by taking you away from her anymore when she died,” she says, her eyes grazing John for a mere second, “I chose the next best thing by getting my revenge by hurting you, John Watson.”
Sherlock curses into the kiss when John wraps his hand around both their cocks and starts stroking. They almost have the same length, which makes this a lot easier. John speeds up the movements of his hand. Their moans become more frequent, their gasps more frenetic. Sherlock is the first to push into John’s tight fist. John almost doesn’t need to because Sherlock has brought him so close to the edge already, but he joins his frantic movements anyway.
»Get up now. We’re leaving in a minute,« John chuckled and stood, heading towards their bedroom to get their bag as Mrs Holmes had asked them to stay for the night.
When they broke apart, they got comfortable in each other's arms. Sherlock watched the steady rise and fall of his chest and listened to his breathing. He decided there would never be another night in which John Watson woke up from a nightmare without anyone there with him, to hold him, to whisper soothing words into his ear, to say nothing at all when he merely needed physical contact to calm back down, to talk or to just be there until he could go back to sleep again. There wasn't going to be another night in which he woke up alone from a bad dream. With determination and certainty, he fell asleep.
The pressure on his chest feels as though death has got his grip on him finally. If it’s not the injury itself that kills him, the pain and the uncertainty definitely will.
It feels like an eternity to John, the silence that settles between them. They look into each other's eyes, neither daring to look away, but both are displaying an uncomfortable uneasiness on their faces. This is new, for both of them, so new and fragile, and different.
He woke with his pillow thoroughly wet. Sherlock's words repeated themselves like a mantra inside his mind.
John smiled and kept on kneading his muscles, which was a real blessing. John's hands on every part of his body were a real blessing. John's fingers wandered lower and lower, running over his sides and making him shiver involuntarily. With gentle pressure, they glided along the grooves of his spine. He took his time with each vertebra, sometimes applying more pressure, sometimes less.
After a few minutes, he seemed to get the hang of it and let go of one of John’s hands. They skated next to each other for quite a while until Sherlock stumbled and fell to the ground, causing John to fall as well, as he still clung to his hand.
"These categories can guide us, sure," John said, stroking his hair absentmindedly. "But we shouldn't let them force ourselves into any of them. I know fitting in is what we all crave, but we don't always need to fit in to be happy. Sometimes it's just nice to enjoy things without putting a label on it. We don’t need to adjust our lives to other people’s expectations. They don’t do this because of us either, so why should we even bother and beat ourselves up over it?"
It all felt so surreal. This night felt almost magical, which was completely stupid, of course. Such things belonged to fairy tales and storybooks, and yet, he still couldn't quite believe his luck. This night, dancing with John and forgetting almost everything and everyone around them, their hands and eyes locked, their bodies in impeccable synchronicity. Dancing in the sand on tipsy toes. Watching the stars. Shoulders touching. Bodies aligned. Hearts connected.
“No, it’s the truth,” Sherlock countered. “Just look at you. You look absolutely miserable, and we both know who caused it.”
“Ahh! Ohhh, fuck, Sher-Sherlo…” John groans and squeezes his eyes shut when he comes. A wave of sticky semen lands on his belly and his chest. He feels as if he's falling, but he doesn't need to worry about the landing. Not this time.
“Ugh, fine,” Sherlock huffed and turned around. John smiled at the sight and pressed a kiss to his cheek before he got up to grab a flannel from the bathroom. Sherlock’s eyes fell shut as the sheets welcomed him into their soft cocoon.
»What about the one you’ve hidden underneath your bed in your room?« Sherlock wanted to know and raised his eyebrows.
"Listen, I," John stopped, not truly knowing how to put into words what tormented him. "I know I had no right to go through your stuff. I mean, I didn't, it lay on the floor. It must have fallen out when we … well." He swallowed hard.
John unbuttoned and removed his shirt and rubbed his hands together firmly to warm them up a little before he examined Sherlock’s back. There was a slight bruise, but it was nothing more than a contusion, no sprain or fracture, thank God.
Totally lost in his thoughts, he didn't realise John was about to climb back in until he felt a splash of water on his face. He had thrown the ball into the pool, and it landed right in front of him.
John’s eyes dropped to his lips for just a blink of an eye. Sherlock wasn’t sure it happened at all; it had been too quick to capture.
"Oh God," he breathed and stopped moving his hand to discard his pants altogether. He couldn't stop thinking about how John would touch him. Would he make him squirm underneath his hands? Would he wait until he begged? Would he kiss his heated skin? There were endless possibilities.
“Change of air until uni starts, I wanted to get away from all the idiots I had to deal with in the past few years,” Sherlock murmured.
He didn’t know why or how he had ended up on a train with the guy that had somehow won his heart within mere minutes and tortured him for the weeks to come until they had found themselves on an evening that included too much liquor and just the right amount of dancing at an event Sherlock actually despised and eventually led to very drunken love-making in the dead hours of the morning, but maybe he shouldn’t look for a reason. Not this time. Perhaps the reality was enough. It was enough to slip his hand into the warm pocket of John’s jacket into which John reached afterwards to close his hand around his own. It was enough to conjure a smile on John’s face as he asked him to tell him about his “adventures” chasing criminals all over London and watch that smile turn into astonishment, wonder, and amazement. It was enough to be asked to deduce the people who walked past them in the aisle and to hear him giggle as he complimented Sherlock on how incredible he was. It was enough to be welcomed by his parents as though John were already part of the family. It was enough to feel his breath on the back of his neck with his body wrapped around Sherlock's own after they had made love under the covers and tried to stifle their moans and gasps, so his parents didn't hear them.
“I didn’t even know you were interested in this.” John started nibbling at his earlobe, making Sherlock feel as if he would explode any second now and the thigh currently rubbing against his middle wasn’t helping at all.
Sherlock almost smiled at the adorable look on John’s face while he tried to figure out what was going on. “We don’t. I just observed.”
773 days, 13 hours and 28 minutes after … oh for God’s sake why was he so sentimental and still counted the minutes?
The worst of this problem was that he wasn’t sure whether this obsession of his was purely physical. He felt as though something was churning in his gut whenever he saw him while at the same time a strange tickling feeling spread through his chest. It was an odd mixture of sensations that he had never experienced before.
Sherlock reached for the envelope that lay under the tree and handed it to John. »That’s for you,« he told him and a small and expectant smile lingered on his lips. »It’s not much, I know, but … I hope you like it anyway.«
"Look after me." John clears his throat, takes another sip. His right hand trembles slightly around the glass. "I'm a grown man, for fuck's sake, I should be able to look after myself. And my daughter. On my own. I shouldn't have to rely on someone else with all that." He squeezes his eyes shut, twisting his head to one side. "Shouldn't be a burden to you."
Sherlock reached for John who willingly complied and let himself be pulled back up to Sherlock’s mouth. John’s thigh landed between Sherlock’s legs, brushing over his middle and coercing the sweetest moan from Sherlock’s lips.
“How are you feeling?” Sherlock wants to know, but John doesn’t know how he feels at all. He decides to be honest.
Sherlock jumped a little when a strong arm was wrapped around his waist and a warm hand came to rest on his belly. He was still in John’s bed. He could feel John’s breath against his neck. Sherlock closed his eyes. Maybe, he dared to hope, just maybe this Christmas was going to be nicer than in all those previous years.
She obviously had difficulties carrying it to the cashier, but she wouldn’t accept Sherlock’s help who offered it repeatedly. “No, Daddy. … No, I can carry it. … Yes, I’m sure.”
“That’s a first…” John hisses still in pain; he doesn’t believe him. “All right then, at least tell me how I ended up with a bullet in my chest. I don’t remember much of that either. Was it a case? Some serial killer we were chasing down?"
“Jooohnnn …” Sherlock draws out his name. He’s on the edge, just a few steps away, a few strokes, a few thrusts until he’ll fall.
since your granddad died. I haven’t seen you in a long time, but I know that somewhere in there,” she rested her hand on his chest, “there’s still my little boy, who loves to go on adventures and explore his surroundings and whose cleverness and amiability many people neither appreciated nor discovered at all, and if they did, they were certainly jealous of your talents and had to show you that in the worst way possible.”
“You should’ve paid attention, then,” Sherlock said, trying to gain the lead again. “What does the winner get?”
“I cannot even begin to tell you how far from the truth this is,” Irene countered and set down her brush on the sink. “Trust me for one goddamn night, and you won’t regret it.”
“Don’t be. He died a long time ago,” Sherlock told him and came to stand beside John, looking out into the rain.
»John, I’m cold,« Sherlock mumbled and wanted to turn on his heels, but John grabbed hold of his arm and stopped him from going anywhere.
John shifted closer towards him, keeping the hand on Sherlock’s back as he leant forward to look at him. “Nightmare?”
He forgot his own desire and his need for being touched when John started grinding against him. He swallowed the curse that threatened to break loose and let out a low moan instead.
John tasted of chocolate brownies and tea, of honey and caramel. He tasted like home and Sherlock couldn’t get enough of it, meeting his tongue again and again until he was out of breath and his jaw slacked. He let John lick into his mouth, barely able to kiss back. It was a thing John did and he loved it. His clever and sly tongue overwhelmed him and he simply couldn’t make out how he’d developed this kind of technique of kissing him and leaving him utterly incapable of reciprocating.
“I bet it was lovely,” John answered and stepped towards the window. “Is he … is he dead?” he asked carefully.
John's touches were mesmerizingly, agonisingly slow but affectionate, loving, and sweet. He took his time exploring his upper body, teasing Sherlock's left nipple with his middle and index finger while he sucked and licked over the pulse point just behind his ear. He couldn't hold back a subdued moan as he pressed up against John, causing friction both on his chest and between his legs, which allowed another whimper to break free. He wasn't exactly sure if he would survive this night.
With a frustrated groan, which was prolonged by the ringing doorbell, he locked the violin back into its case and trod downstairs more heavily than was strictly necessary to make his desperation known.
His lids rose leisurely when John's lips departed, trailing down to his jawline and lower, peppering his skin with sweet kisses. He could hear John take a deep breath, inhaling the faint smell of his cologne where he applied it hours before. John licked at the sensitive spot behind his earlobe, mouthing at the shell of his ear and whispering sweet nothings; only for him to hear.
But John kissed all words away, and he couldn't say any of them. He kissed his neck, his collarbone, his cleavage, lingering there for a moment before he looked up at him. "Every inch of you," he said, having found his voice again, and pressed his lips to Sherlock's to reinforce his words.
"You really still need to ask that question?" Sherlock nudged him gently with a smirk. "It was perfect."
Now that he was with John though, they would no longer be. He was aware that this shouldn’t bother him, but it did. He didn’t want to admit that they were right about him. It’s why he clung to this label for so long.
“Oh, love, come on,” Irene reached over to rest her hands on top of Sherlock’s to rouse his attention. “It’ll be so much fun. How can you judge if you’ve never been there? Isn’t that what you always preach? Have all the facts and then formulate your deduction. Where are your principles, darlin’?"
“Neither could I,” Sherlock whispered and closed his eyes as John’s head came to rest on his upper back. He placed his hands over John’s and exhaled inaudibly.
It turns out whoever took Rosie away broke into the house right next to Speedy’s Café, walked over the roof and broke into Rosie’s room’s window.
Their tongues met, playing sweetly with one another; pressing, probing, but not fighting for dominance. Drowsiness started to overtake them slowly.
Sherlock never talked about his feelings. He expressed his emotions during mood swings, which does not really count, and the sensitive way he coerced the sweetest and saddest tunes out of his violin, which comes a bit closer to letting his feelings out, but he never talked about the feelings that genuinely mattered to him, that bothered him even. He cannot be sure.
“There’s nowhere else it could be," Sherlock tells him and then brings his hand to his face, retreating into his mind palace remarkably quickly. He must have practised that. He used to take some time before he was fully immersed. Suddenly, his eyes snap open, and he exclaims, "Oh!" before he jumps down onto the tracks.
Although he was not exactly delighted over the family reunion for Christmas, mostly due to Mycroft’s presence, it would serve the purpose of taking his mind off the entire matter. He wouldn’t be confronted with John’s terribly handsome smile every day, wouldn’t have to face him and grin awkwardly, wouldn’t have to admire him furtively from a not-too-far-away table in the refectory and
"Well," Sherlock says quietly, gesturing around the flat, "I suppose we've always been in some sort of mess, haven't we? I figure the mess we're in now, as you call it, shouldn't bother either of us at all."
Sherlock left the blanket in the corridor and went to the kitchen where his grandma sat with a cup of tea. “I see someone’s been enjoying himself,” she said in her charmingly warm voice. “Who were you talking to?”
"What?" Who else knew? Who else did Sherlock trust more to involve them than all his other helpers who had somehow mattered more back then than John himself?
John's fingers ghosted tenderly over his cheekbones, feeling cool against the light flush covering them.
"Maybe in a few years' time, you'll regret it because you let yourself be guided by a stupid, meaningless teenage summer love," John told him and disappointment resonated with it.
“Wish I were. We only found out recently that she was involved with Moriarty, John. Mycroft would have intervened otherwise. Although he does take his time with that lately,” he says as if deep in thought.
Sherlock didn’t let him finish. “Are you insane? That was–“ he was heaving for air. “That was unbelievable.”
He helps him discard his pants and quickly gets rid of his own, giving Sherlock the chance to take in the view as well, as he kneels between his legs, leaning forward on his arms. John has never been shy about his length; his past lovers never complained about it.
He grinned wickedly. »That doesn’t mean I wouldn’t enjoy him complaining about having been stuck on the M25.«
Stuffing his fists into his trouser pockets, he walked home in the roaring thunderstorm without an umbrella.
He knew it was no good because he simply wasn't good at these sorts of things. Mingling, mixing with people he actually despised, and what with the people he cared about, he was plainly too socially inept to do anything the right way.
Sherlock watched John with an amused smile. The scene reappeared in front of his mental eye the way it would in a movie.
Sherlock finally takes a step forward and gestures to the chair all their clients usually frequent while the two of them find their rightful places in their armchairs. The image reminds him of the coma dream, and he mentally brushes that thought away.
“Sherlock.” His voice was so low and caring, causing tears to well up in Sherlock’s eyes. He squeezed them shut in order to hold them back.
What was he afraid of? Of John getting to know his body? Memorising his lines and moles? What his skin felt like under his fingertips and tasted like on his tongue? Why was he reluctant and holding back when that was precisely what he himself wanted as well? He wanted to know John's body like his own, better than his own even. He supposed it was merely his inexperience talking. The unknown always seems scary. Just like the darkness until some light has been shed onto it.
“Come here,” John ordered and supported Sherlock’s weight with a strong arm around his waist as he put one of Sherlock’s arms around his neck. “Bedroom.”
He let go of John and shifted, turning onto his side and away from him. Closing his eyes, Sherlock tried to control his breaths and grabbed the sheets in order to have something to hold on to. His knuckled turned white.
John's eyes fall closed, his skin prickles from the tender touches. Relief rushes through him because they have finally got here; they finally get to have this after having taken so long. "Adjustments?" he whispers. "It already sounded marvellous to me."
John turned around and preheated the oven to 180°C. He lined the baking tray with baking paper and then melted dark chocolate and coconut oil in a water bath. In the meantime, he stirred an egg and carefully added cocoa powder. He’d mix the molten and the stirred ingredients later.
Sherlock hissed when John’s hand touched the part of his back that started to change colour from his normal skin tone to blue-purple-ish. John was as gentle as possible and a few seconds later, Sherlock got used to the slight pressure on his still aching back.
John's eyes widen even more than they already had. Thousands of thoughts run through his head, each one trying to overwhelm the other, to gain the upper hand. It makes him dizzy.
Sherlock shook his head. “Most people expect more and better of me. I don’t live up to their expectations.”
time this month. The Christmas break was merely one week away and he was grateful for it. He had borne the constant presence of idiotic people around him for far too long and yearned for the liberating atmosphere of being alone once more, dedicating his time to more important matters than the upcoming annual Christmas disco.
John's hand had not stopped moving, and with every stroke, he brought him closer to where he did not want to be yet.
John laughed at that. “Trust me, I don’t think he will be with me, but I’ll find a way to tell me the truth.”
“Good,” John grinned widely and rolled off of him, leaving him unable to determine if he should be thankful or disappointed. John lay close beside him; their bodies aligned from thigh to chest as he placed his strong hand on his hip and rested his head mere inches away from Sherlock’s.
And then, as soon as the chorus was sung for the first time, they somehow seemed to move in unison and in perfect step. They started to create a choreography almost on their own.
“Sure, why not? That way, you can practise setting,” John suggested, waiting for Sherlock to chuck the ball.
Sherlock would have liked to keep listening to him, but the sun followed its path and was soon about to disappear behind one of the huge hotels that towered in the little town that was a neighbour to this one. The sky's colours went from light blue to orange to red to purple and the breeze that cooled his heated skin earlier picked up and became colder and colder now.
John looks at Mary, seeking confirmation whether she can see him too. Why doesn't she understand his desperation?
“Yes, she does have her ways of convincing someone of her will. She has been trying to get me to agree to go with her for weeks. All previous attempts have failed, so more drastic measures had to be taken apparently.” Sherlock rolled his eyes at her amaranthine willpower. “I’m not one for social events such as this.”
Mike seemed to be just as nice as John’s other friends, and he was just as teasing as they were, too.
"Why did you not come and visit me after… our fight?" John finally dares to ask. "I would have liked to apologise in person."
Sherlock nods again. “Yes,” he says, “yes.” He rests his head against John’s and exhales with a tremble.
His eyes fall closed, and consciousness slips out of him, leaving him behind in the darkness but in safety.
When he finally opens his mouth to speak, John cuts him off. “And there’s no need to lie,” he says. Then, “I know you were there. Every night."
They stay like in this position for a long time, and neither of them speaks. John doesn't know how he manages to get up eventually, but he gives Sherlock a small, grateful smile before he says goodnight and heads upstairs to their guestroom. The thought of sleeping in what was once his and Mary's bed after sharing that moment with Sherlock that felt more intimate than any moment he has ever shared with Mary is more than unappealing. When he falls asleep, he thinks of how thankful he is that the man whom he has put through hell is sleeping downstairs, and how desperately he would love him to be right here, beside him; in the bed that is too empty and too cold.
smart. They can swim over wide distances, and whenever the water gets too deep, they use their trunks like snorkels. Their trunk is very useful, you see?"
It was no use. John couldn’t fix them. If they needed venting, they should be working again by now. Mrs Hudson thanked him anyway and went downstairs to call a heating company.
Sherlock found himself playing along to the movements John invented out of nowhere. They must have been grinning like teenagers madly in love, but then, that's precisely what they were. Sherlock really grew out of his shell, enjoying every beat and every second of this, becoming creative himself. He did not know whether it was John's doing or the fact that he'd had quite a lot to drink as well, but he could not bring himself to get to the bottom of the conundrum.
»I don’t have any.« John shook his head vehemently. »I’m going to take whatever you’re ready to give me,« he assured him and took a step towards him. »This is not a competition of who’s had more experience. This is new and different and bloody damn terrifying, but don’t you think we should give it a chance, having waited for it for … God, for years?«
Sherlock’s fingers dug into John’s jumper whilst they kissed and their tongues became more and more desperate. Panting into John’s mouth, he rested his forehead against John’s. “Take me to bed,” he breathed. “Please …”
Sherlock woke with a start, breathing heavily. He remembered his dream as if it were yesterday. He wondered what this was supposed to mean. It felt like he had been visited by the Ghost of Christmas past who revived his memories of the holiday he hated the most.
John is almost sure this won’t last long when Sherlock straddles his hips and grinds against him, but then they slow down. Their kisses turn into easy, sensual ones. Their fingers run carefully over heated skin, still warm from the bath.
He let himself fall back onto the blanket, put the phone down forcefully and brought the palms of his hands to his eyes.
Tonight, though, John has chosen to stay downstairs. A lot of thoughts have been running through his head all day – all week, to be honest, ever since he was released from hospital. And it felt right for him to have a drink tonight. To sort his thoughts, clear the cobwebs away. To numb the pain that sits deeper, beneath his bullet wound.
John supported Sherlock’s weight as well as he could manage and helped him walk back into the house. Sherlock groaned when John made him arch his back a little so he could take off his coat. »I’m sorry, Sherlock, I didn’t mean to–«
He was certain it was heaven until he felt a twitch from a part he wished he didn’t have at the moment. Resting his hands in his lap, he hoped it would go away, but the pressure of his hands only made it worse.
,’ John wants to say, but Sherlock is gone, so it does not matter. Trying to re-enter the same dream never works, so he has given up trying.
The water caressed his sensitive skin. Even the lightest touch was a bit painful, but the water eased the feeling a bit. He let his head fall back and sank deeper into the tub. He would have to be careful not to fall asleep in here as the warmth engulfed him more and more.
John let himself float in the cool water. “God, that’s perfect,” he grinned. “I wish we had a pool at home.”
John laughed breathlessly. “Mum cried and my father kept shouting at her. He wanted to beat her, but I stepped between them to stop him. God, it was terrible.”
John disappeared into the bathroom. He heard the tap water running and the sound of squeezing out a wet cloth before re-emerging steps grew louder and John came back into the bedroom. “I really dishevelled you,” he grinned as he ran a hand through Sherlock’s tousled curls and kissed it afterwards. “Come here, let me wipe this off,” he said and ran the warm flannel over his chest and abdomen. He didn’t know how a simple motion like this could feel this good, but he supposed this was John’s doing.
Giggling, he freed himself from John’s grasp, and turned onto his back, pulling at the hem of the blanket and pushing it away, revealing a grinning John whose expression showed nothing but fondness. “You’re an idiot.”
“Sherlock,” John asked, his voice was hushed and his hand rested on his shoulder. “Let’s get you back into bed.”
“Actually, there’s something I’d like to know,” John said, keeping his voice down, hoping Sherlock wouldn’t overhear this conversation. “Has he … has he overdosed before?”
–“ Sherlock managed half an eye roll before they rolled back completely behind his lids when John’s hand closed around him.
Hello! I'm sorry (again) that I took ages to update. I'm trying not to take so long, but uni really keeps me busy. The next update will come very soon, promise!
"What was the final straw?" John asks quietly and carefully, hoping he wouldn't stop now. They had never talked about the fall again. Another thing that had been bothering John all this time. He had cut Sherlock off when he wanted to explain everything to him back then, and naturally, Sherlock had never broached the subject again.
He spread the blanket he had brought along on the sand next to a few dunes. The place was slightly secluded and peaceful with the marram grass providing some shade just behind him. He took off his sandals and lay down, opening his book again. For a while, he let himself be lulled in by the soft breeze in his hair, the pattering of the water, the light swaying of the grass. A mixture of salt water and the sweet smell of the sunscreen reached his nostrils. At least it smells good, he thought as he turned to the next page of his book about bee culture.
Sherlock lowers his gaze to his hands for a brief moment before he locks eyes with him once more. "I already know how you're feeling."
John tucked Sherlock’s head under his chin so he could hide his face in the crook of John’s neck. “Shhh,” he breathed. “It’s okay.”
“You’re right there. I agree with you wholeheartedly,” John answered sincerely and reached for his hand, gently caressing his knuckles. “But we only just got to have this. I don’t want other people to spoil it. Not right at the start. Let’s enjoy this and not cause a riot. You’re still recovering.”
John opens his mouth to speak but soon closes it again, then takes a step towards Sherlock, gesturing with his hand. "How … how long?"
His heart rate couldn't be normal anymore. It was beating so violently in his chest, and the feeling of it jumping out of it wouldn't go away. Not with John's mouth on his, not with John's hand in his hair, not with his body so close to Sherlock's.
and Sherlock’s heart felt as though it was going to burst with happiness and anticipation. An incredible relief rushed through his body when John
Some nights, when John fell asleep before Sherlock and Sherlock’s lids grew heavier and heavier, he moved closer and let his eyes fall shut, reaching out to touch just a little, maybe his hand or his hip; sometimes his hand found its place on John’s chest or his belly.
“I– I was actually waiting for a better moment to tell you…” John fiddled, avoiding Sherlock’s gaze.
»So are we going to your parents' for Christmas dinner, then?« John asked him as he sat down to have breakfast, setting two steaming mugs down on the kitchen table.
Everything about John was strong. His hands, his arms, his legs – God those legs – his tongue. The tongue that made him grow dizzy with want and desire, but he couldn’t act upon any of those feelings yet. He couldn’t even place them himself. He didn’t know where they were suddenly coming from.
a lie!” Sherlock said firmly. “When we were at that disco you dragged me to, someone gave them to me. I took one because–“
They sat in the sand in silence for a while, but it was not uncomfortable. He liked that it wasn’t. They could do this, merely spend time in each other’s company, letting their own thoughts wander, without feeling the pressure to engage in a conversation or meaningless small talk. It was something Sherlock enjoyed very much. They sipped at their drinks every now and again, watching the sea come closer and retreat once more as the sun was going down. He had never felt so content. He never wanted this summer to end. Ever. He wanted to stay by John’s side for the rest of his life. And of course, that was a ridiculous thought, wasn’t it? It would all come to an end eventually.
And so he closed the book that lay on his lap and gathered all his courage to stand up and face him.
Sherlock would have laughed hadn’t the entire situation been so ridiculous – John hovering over his length, pressing kisses to his most intimate part, asking if it was okay even though he didn’t look as though he was anywhere close to stopping himself – weren’t his arousal already overwhelming him. Of course this was okay; far more than.
“All this time,” John croaks out, “I wished that you were still out there, somewhere. Not beneath that terrible headstone that Mycroft chose for you. That is was all a mistake or a nightmare I could wake up from.” He squeezes Sherlock’s hands tightly, and Sherlock squeezes back. He’s still alive. He’s still got time.
He felt John’s hand in his hair once more and pretended to fall asleep after a few minutes by breathing deeply and evenly.
Sherlock grinned and nuzzled John like a cat craving affection. "We've got some time to pass, then," he whispered in John's ear and was already half on top of him.
He opened the plastic bag and took one out, heading for the sinks. Placing it on his tongue, he cupped his hands and let the water run over them. Before he let any second thoughts get to him, he swallowed the water and the pill with it.
John whined loudly, one hand coming up instantly to stifle it. If Sherlock's mouth weren't preoccupied, he would grin. Instead, he moaned around him, pleased with himself, and the vibrating sensation caused John to pant heavily and bury his other hand in Sherlock's hair, gripping a good amount of it, but not too tightly.
Leaning forward to kiss him again, he took one of John’s nipples between his fingers and nipped lightly at it, causing John to moan into his mouth. Sherlock, unable to hide his smirk, repeated the movement and let his lips wander to John’s jaw line. His lips tingled when they brushed against the stubble. It was perfect.
It got harder and harder to stand upright so he rested his hand on the edge of the table for support.
Sherlock leans forward, kissing his cheek, smiling against his skin. "You just put Rosie back to sleep. We shouldn't risk waking her up again."
He brought a bit of space between them and reached down, closing his hand – his damned steady hand – around him. He swirled his thumb lightly over the head. Sherlock's lids fell over his eyes, and he threw his head back into the pillows with a moan, arching his back. The touch was much welcome, but it felt so overwhelming at the same time. Intense.
John pulled the trouser legs up to Sherlock’s knees and he soon felt the pleasant cold of the compresses, giving him the chance of relaxing a little.
When they entered the kitchen, Oma Karla got up from the chair she was sitting on, reading the papers. “God, Sherlock. You look
“Yeah, I figured,” John chuckled. “You might wanna at least turn onto your back if you don’t wanna ruin the sheets completely.”
talents,” he said and shot John a glance with a smirk that John seemed to know better than anyone else.
"After Harry had come out to our parents, she packed her bags and from that night onwards, she slept elsewhere. At friends'. Girlfriends'. I don't know. I rarely saw her. Things went downhill after that. She dropped out of school, started drinking…"
Sherlock held his gaze and realised the colour of his eyes was just as blue as the sea. “It’s the only place that’s slightly shady.”
"Then why did you want to stop?" John asked. God, he was still wearing his boxer briefs, and they were much too tight.
His thoughts were interrupted by John whistling the tune of White Christmas. He has been in a brilliant mood since the very beginning of December because Christmas was getting closer now and John absolutely loved the holiday. It was one of his favourite time of the year.
“Hardly,” Sherlock answered bitterly because this was the truth. Not that he had wanted to be admired by them. Just respected. That would have been nice. “I just know it.”
John’s hand was resting lightly on his shoulder just beside his head; Sherlock’s own hand touched John’s waist while they danced. They’d never been so close except when John hugged him on his wedding day and Sherlock’s mind had simply stopped functioning because he had to concentrate on the speech he was giving and he couldn’t process what John did to him at that time. He had been so close Sherlock could smell John’s cologne. It was overwhelming.
»Oh, Mike,« his mother called, coming out of the kitchen, her oven gloves still covering her hands. »Merry Christmas!« she cheered and pulled him into a tight hug the way she did with Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled down at him, but couldn’t help the little pang of jealousy that started gnawing at his heart. John settled back against Sherlock’s chest.
Mrs Hudson sighed. »Could you try to vent the heaters, please? I’ll call an engineer if they’re still defective then,« she asked John.
Sherlock felt himself nodding as his heart swelled. Maybe John didn’t find him so awkward and strange after all. He seemed to be genuinely interested in what he did. A rarity when it came to people in Sherlock’s close environment.
Sherlock sighed a little. He hated it when people asked about this because he couldn't take all the credit. "My brother taught me the basic stuff. The rest was more or less autodidactic."
“Oh yeah. Teaching teens in their puberty while they’re the most charming. I knew I made a mistake!”
The minutes ticked by. Minutes in which Sherlock's brain was flooded with endless painful thoughts about what he could have dreamt about and what he could do to make him feel better. He didn't know if John wanted to be comforted or just held until he would fall back asleep again. He didn't know if he would want to talk about it or just brush it off and bury it somewhere inside him. He didn't know if what he was supposed to do if it happened again; he certainly wanted it to never happen again.
That was when he spotted it. John was dancing with a young lady, about his age, with dark and wavy shoulder-length hair. He was leaning close to her ear, apparently telling her something, and she started laughing when he pulled back. Sherlock knew that feeling. He couldn’t help but chuckle at a lot of things John said either. She rested her hand on John’s shoulder to hold on to something as the giggles kept coming. He wished he was allowed to do this, too.
“There we go,” John grinned widely and pressed a kiss to the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. “It’s always better when you’re smiling.”
Sherlock usually opened his eyes just a little later than John. He turned around to face him and smile tiredly at him. John’s hand came to rest on Sherlock’s back then, and his fingertips wandered up to the back of his neck, into his hair to invite him to lean forward and place his head on his shoulder. He tucked it under his chin and Sherlock closed his eyes once more, breathing in John’s scent as his nose pressed against the skin warm from sleep.
"Argh!" Sherlock groans and runs his hands through his curls, tugging hard. John immediately reacts, grabbing Sherlock's wrists and holding them steady, trying to calm him down. It works; Sherlock's fingers loosen their grip a little.
Sherlock's left hand comes up to John's face, and for a moment there he thinks Sherlock is going to cup his cheek. Subconsciously, John turns his face toward the hand, but Sherlock only wipes a single tear away. John feels stupid, but as he locks eyes with Sherlock again, there is no amusement in them.
»Hmm, I guess I have to live with it,« Sherlock murmured and wanted to pull back just slightly to look at John when his gaze fell on his violin on the table. This was it. This was
John grinned from ear to ear. “You didn’t honestly join the yoga group of middle-aged ladies and enjoyed yourself.”
“Let’s not talk about her or the case right now. Neither is as important as you getting better at the moment,” John said softly.
That way, Sherlock comments less on his actions and decisions, but it never stops completely. He's always there, always present. Sometimes merely in the back of his mind, sometimes he can see him standing next to him. He still dreams about him, but he’s more careful now. One night, shortly after Mary and John had become exclusive, he asked,
His grandma realised she must have skipped the page of his swollen cheek and went back to the beginning, finally finding the one she was looking for in the first place. John laughed at that and told him he was a very cute kid. Sherlock didn’t know what to make of it.
“What? No, we– I found you at your therapist's house. You were bleeding out." His expression turns sorrowful. "I can't believe she almost killed you."
How he longs to hear advice from him. Only through him did he come to terms with the truth of who he really is. He learnt to admit to himself that he was, truly, attracted to him, has been since the start. That is not all, however. It is not only physical attraction to the appealing features of his former flatmate. It is so much more than that, and so much more complicated.
“My God,” he lets out and pulls Sherlock closer to kiss him. He tastes himself on Sherlock’s tongue, the pre-come having left a salty flavour on it, but beneath that, he can only taste Sherlock.
»If you looked inside it, I swear I’m going to kill you,« the doctor answered and glared angrily at him.
The longer he thought about John’s hands caressing his back earlier, the more aroused he found himself. It was excruciating. He tried not to imagine John when he closed his hand around himself.
John leant forward and raised his arm, placing his hand on his cheek, making Sherlock’s heart beat so violently inside his ribcage he was terrified it might jump out. He parted his lips instinctively, and before he understood what was happening, John leant in and sealed Sherlock’s lips with his own.
Sherlock smiled sadly. He loved the smell of the air after the rain stopped; especially close to the sea. Salt was in the air; it felt fresh and crisp and pristine.
“What did I sign up for?” he sighed dramatically and heard John giggle behind him. His face must have been very close to his ear because he could feel John’s breath on his sweaty skin and his voice echoed in his head for a long time. He didn’t want him to let go. Somehow, it made up for the awkward position.
I'll try to update every Monday, but I'm starting uni tomorrow and my life will be a lot busier from now on, so please don't be disappointed if it doesn't always work out and know that I'm doing my best to update regularly.
“Ich werd’s euch schon zeigen.” With that, he approached Sherlock slowly. His eyes were sure and piercing as if he were a wild animal, and Sherlock was his prey. He shoved him backwards, and Sherlock staggered. He hadn't noticed how close he was standing to the short ridge of the pavement as he was knocked over with only one try and pinned down by the shoulders. Hands on his throat. Squeezing hard. Thumbs pressing against his throat.
started playing and John whirled them around, trying to dance a foxtrot that did not truly work out for the long run. Sherlock laughed at his failed attempt and began to lead and guide him in a way that at least their steps were coordinated and matched with the rhythm.
When she started to regain control of herself, she wiped at her eyes, probably making sure her makeup was still on point. So that was the sort of girl John was interested in.
Sherlock pulls away in a long,     s     l     o     w ,     delicious motion, and that almost does it for John. Everything inside him prickles.
John’s hands were on his upper back, fingers trailing carefully over his heated skin; caressing, cradling.
Sherlock loved this part best. Slow and gentle touches, languid and deep kisses when the sun was on its way to the horizon, letting the night settle over them as the darkness hid their blushes, dilating their already blown-wide pupils, allowing them to focus on touch, smell, taste and hearing only, taking away most of their sight and making them feel dizzy from hormones.
"Sorry," he hears the woman say. His eyes fly open. She chuckles gruesomely as if she has done something incredibly hilarious just now. "Got a little ahead of myself. I
Sherlock fell quiet. He had no intention of going into the whole story again especially since he had to relive it last night.
»I know.« Now it was Sherlock’s turn to smile at John’s consideration and attention to his needs. »I
John dares to step closer, not wanting to press too hard but he needs to know. "How long is that?" he asks quietly and cautiously.
I know. It's been an age, but uni has literally eaten me whole in the last couple of weeks, which made it very hard to write regularly. I hope this kind of makes up for the long wait, though. Thank you for being patient with me. I appreciate it just as much as your kind words!
Sherlock invites him into his bedroom that night, but they don’t do anything physical. John is neither surprised nor disappointed, only confused at the change in Sherlock’s posture and behaviour when it comes to changing into his nightwear. Does undressing really unsettle him? Letting John see him naked? His skin uncovered?
John was right; it was very soft, but that didn’t change the fact that it was utterly hideous. Whoever created this garment must have thought it was a brilliant plan to put every pattern a human being was possibly able to design before he ran out of ideas on that jumper and then (which was probably the worst thing of all) add a gigantic snowflake right in the middle of it.
“Leave’m.” His fingers twisted the sheet now. He swallowed once, twice. “Leave’m alone,” he said more clearly.
With that, he lifted his knee with all his strength in his wobbly legs and gave their attacker a kick in what he probably thought were his family jewels, making him squirm in John’s arms.
“Hello,” he whispered against the shell of his ear once the tray was safely seated on the nightstand. “My sleeping beauty.”
to forget it,” John repeated himself, resting his second hand on his shoulder now. The warm pressure felt pleasant against the cool sting of the wind on his skin. “You always seemed so unapproachable, but then all of a sudden all those weeks ago when we did the experiment together, it was the first time I saw you thawing, even just a little. I know we didn’t talk much during the project, but I couldn’t help myself, I liked you anyway. Although I wasn’t sure you were actually interested in talking to me at all ‘cause you usually hurried off to other classes whenever we met in the halls, so …,” John shrugged and grinned crookedly. “Your awkward smiles are adorable by the way.”
“I feel sick,” he gasped, feeling as though someone had taken his digestive organs and was squashing them and wringing them like a wet towel. He held his stomach and squeezed his eyes shut.
Sherlock leans forward in his chair ever so slightly. John doesn't even notice. "You aren't a burden, John. If any of this bothered me, I wouldn't do it. This is the alcohol talking. Maybe you've had enough for today."
Sherlock set down the violin and the bow on the nearby table, resting his hands on John’s waist. »Would you play it for me again sometime?« John asked quietly.
A moment later, he felt a warm hand drawing soothing circles on his back. It was just a dream, Sherlock reminded himself. Mary was gone and John was here in his bed. He was here by his own choice (more or less) and he actually tried to help Sherlock calm down. This wasn’t John being nice; this was John caring about Sherlock who just woke up from a nightmare; John who wanted to make him feel better; John who wished to spend Christmas
“Will you be like that with your patients, too, for instance when you’re about to give them a prostate exam?”
John jumped at him from behind, winding his arms firmly around the guy’s neck. “Stop. STOP!” he screamed. The homophobe was reaching for John’s head, but John caught both his arms in a firm grip behind his back.
Sherlock leant into the touch, pushing up into John’s fist and moaning when he felt so much friction at once, from John’s hand and his hard length.
»Would you get us some punch, please?« John asked him and Sherlock just sighed as he left to do so. Arguing was no use now anyway.
When he closed his eyes, John's muscular arms and chest came to his vision. The image would probably never leave his head again. God, the way his muscles flexed when he bent down to retrieve the ball. It was agony standing there and not being able to do anything about it. Did John even know what he was doing to him? He couldn't; otherwise he wouldn't have exposed every inch of skin to him. Well, almost every inch. Sherlock sent a silent thank you to whoever was listening to him because if it hadn't been for John Watson's swimming trunks – which were much too tight by the way – he couldn't have hidden his problem anymore.
Mycroft looks at him in confusion. "What?" He twirls his umbrella. "No, not Miss Hooper. There is no reason we would– what is going on in that little brain of his, Sherlock?" He sighs, exasperated.
John gave Sherlock a spare toothbrush and waited for him while he got dressed and ready to go. He was still a bit wobbly on his legs, so Mike suggested John take one of the bicycles in the garage. He got onto the saddle and Sherlock onto the pannier rack. “You all right back there?” he asked and turned around.
»A bit, yeah, thanks,« he answered. His voice was still slightly hoarse, but the fever was gone for now which was a relief. It had made him so tired and given him a terrible headache.
He opened the door. The rain immediately met his face. It was harsh and windy and unpleasant, but at least nobody would see he had been crying.
“You needn't fret,” Sherlock interrupts John's thoughts. “I wouldn't ask you to return if I weren’t completely aware of what that entails and entirely ready to–“
Sherlock turned his head to look back at his older brother. »Thank you,« he said softly, unable to hide his smile now.
Rosie stays quiet, too, not disturbing them in their bliss. John snuggles closer to Sherlock, tightening his embrace around his lank body.
That was far from the end, however. He was struck with a blow to his head he hadn't quite managed to dodge, which sent him stumbling backwards once more. Luckily, he recovered quickly from the shock although he felt slightly dizzy. It must have been the adrenaline.
