John peppers the back of Sherlock's neck with small kisses. Sherlock is still breathing too hard to speak.
Breathing heavily, John stays on all fours as he recovers. Sherlock pulls out slowly, degloves, and wipes his hands off with a wet wipe. Sherlock eyes John's back, covered with a sheen of sweat, and his round bum encased in his red pants. Those red pants.
John sighs in vexation and rotates slowly. Sherlock sits back in his chair with a smile, enjoying the view.
Let's see... Cheekbones, lips, neck, luscious curls, tight shirts, seductive eyes, legs for days, nice booty if they're looking close enough... giant prick if they are really looking close enough...
Hmm, still don't know how you managed getting the symphony tickets without my notice, though. I had my homeless network surveying so meticulously, too...
First, I want to have you on me, on my chair. I want to feel the sensation of you straddling me, Sherlock. Those long legs of yours wrapped around me. I want to watch you lowering yourself onto my big cock, Sherlock.
Sherlock leans awkwardly over John to reach the hanging drying towel. His chest grazes against John's back. John grimaces. He lets the pot he's washing clatter in the sink, and whips around to face Sherlock.
Molly, Lestrade, and even Nazir giggle. Sherlock is embarrassed by getting called out for mistaking Nazir for John too often.
Sherlock's anger builds. Mycroft's eyebrows shoot up as John bends over to help Rosie with something. Mycroft tilts his head to better appreciate John's backside in his tight jeans.
Sherlock's attempts to flirt became more and more lackluster as time went on. And in a turn of bad luck, the fruits of his earlier labors proved too fruitful when his muscular friend in the mesh shirt found him and decided he liked
The very fond way he looks at you, the way his whole demeanor transforms and relaxes when you are around... you should hear the way he talks about you when you aren't around, John.
Sherlock increases the speed of his stroke, watching his own hand slide up and down John's quivering cock. He switches his gaze to John's face. John has his head thrown back, mouth open, his eyes squeezed tight in anticipation. John breathes heavily and moans deeply. Sherlock can't take his eyes off of John's expression -- the beautiful ecstasy he's witnessing.
Why don't you do everyone a favor and just get fat instead of inconveniencing us all with your running?
You know, John... if you ever want me to watch Rosie while you nip out with Sherlock on one of his cases...
Mrs. Hudson sits on a stool crying into a handkerchief. The tea service is all over the ground, liquid and ceramic everywhere. Sherlock rushes into the room and stops short to take stock of the scene before hurrying to Mrs. Hudson's side. He checks her arms and looks her over for injuries.
and Sherlock wanted to find out what it was. Now that he had ruled out all the employees as suspects of the till-robbing, Sherlock suspected it must be a client. Most likely, it was one of the "regulars" who came in every Saturday, thus making the stakeout ruse a little more necessary than he bargained for. He really
People can send their texts labeled "high importance" or not. And I've simply set her urgent incoming ones with that alert --
Apparently he has been suffering from it for years and hasn't ever sought out medical treatment for it.
So, someone who will remain unnamed must have finally let the cat out of the bag. And how is Goldie?
Mycroft and Sherlock walk slowly towards the compound as they talk. Sherlock has his violin case in hand.
Ah-hem. All the experts say that if the child shows a high interest and possesses the concentration for it, they are ready. Our bright girl Rosie here seems plenty ready to me.
You most likely already know all this, but here goes: I am a child of holocaust survivors, I was mostly raised in the US but I've lived everywhere, attended Harvard and then ended up doing doctoral work at Oxford. Yes, I have taught clinical psychology at Oxford as well as at a number of different universities large and small. I have written some books but I enjoy teaching much more. I also enjoy practicing my trade. I have two children and five grandchildren.
Sherlock pressed his lips together to hold back more cries and nodded to John. John resumed fondling and stroking Sherlock's penis, and Sherlock tried desperately to keep up his own exploration of John's, but it was becoming harder and harder to focus on his work, as his mind focused obsessively on the incredible sensations of John's touches. Sherlock's hand stilled, and he pulled it out of John's pants and braced it on the table behind him.
John sits back down again, scowling. Sherlock ignores him and returns to reading his book. John does that same.
"I tried to tell you. I mentioned it was unlikely we’d ever meet again," Sherlock replied. He attempted to lighten the mood, "I believe I even tried to get you to name your daughter after me."
Yes, there was some of that, wasn't there? It was definitely my turn to repay you for previous services rendered.
You can call me Greg. All right, apologies for all the disruptions. Glad it is sorted. Good evening, everyone.
... Whatever it takes, whatever happens, from now on, I swear I will always be there. For all three of you.
A bit antsy tonight. Planning to head downstairs to analyze something for a case, but I'm too... unfocused. I may need to resort to a patch, I'm afraid.
But it is fascinating, John. It immediately rules out Madame Imelda as a prime suspect, although we should definitely keep an eye on that daughter of hers. And we can rule out carbon monoxide or any substance that could easily spread throughout the whole building. The daughter in the flat upstairs wasn't affected. Yet, I still suspect it's an airborne toxin of sorts. One that goes unnoticed at first, but builds up over time...
Sherlock quickly strips off the glove, applies a condom and a generous amount of lubricant to his cock. John watches the whole scene hungrily over his shoulder.
In which we learn about the infamous incident between Sherlock and Audrey. Also, John and Sherlock get their test results.
, Sherlock thought. Occasionally, when Sherlock was feeling low, as he was tonight, he would whine to her about his poor excuse for a love life. And the object of discussion, and of Sherlock's affection, never wavered: Dr. John Watson.
"A two-pronged strategy, John. We observe the activity at the bar, and man the dance floor as well. Based off our interviews this evening, I daresay the staff is entirely innocent, although one or two of them are rather spooked by our presence here tonight. So, the thief must be a customer, a
It's not the sex, John. I really liked the sex bit. I may not always be able to keep up, but I like it.
Mrs. Hudson and Rosie are coloring at the coffee table. John sits on a chair watching them contently. Mrs. Hudson has indeed brought tea and biscuits, and from the state of Rosie's crumb-covered face, she's already had some.
Please, John. Of course I did. That distinctive charity shop aroma. I obviously visited all the secondhand stores within an easy walk or transit-ride from your office. Tory, by the way, is very charming. Kept referring to me as "the bloke." Seemed very happy to meet me.
Sherlock, you may be aware I have a policy against working independently with members of a relationship. Only couples counseling.
They both start falling asleep, exhausted from their adventurous evening. John starts giggling in his sleep. Sherlock turns his head towards John.
Don't fight it, John. I feel you tightening against my fingers. I feel how hard you are right now. Do not fight it.
What will I be wearing Sherlock? Let's see... Something soft. Sherlock likes soft. A jumper or something.
The doctor said you would only need close monitoring for a couple of days. It has been more than a couple of days.
John sets the controls on the dryer and slams the door shut. He stands and turns to face Sherlock, crosses his arms, and regards him with a serious expression.
Naturally I said yes. We are getting married Sunday. At Westminster Abbey. The Pope will officiate. We're hoping you'll be the flower girl.
Now, I require a biscuit. I cannot believe you have forgotten about the secret stash of biscuits in the back of the cutlery drawer, John.
I meant what I said. I apologize for blowing up at you in your bedroom the other night. I know I've been pushing you too much. Particularly with the physical stuff, the sex stuff. I'm sorry.
I know you are going to miss me, John. That's why I'm hoping you'll join me tonight. And having your calming presence in my bed may give me the peace of mind I need to face Eurus tomorrow.
Five. Five-thirty. Thanks, by the way. It'll give me a chance to get a good start on the housework and dinner.
John squared his shoulders and continued forward until he was standing directly behind his armchair. Yes, the chair would be a solid structure to hold onto, John thought. A bunker, a shield of sorts, and it had the added benefit of putting some distance between himself and Sherlock. He would need it. John took a deep breath and turned to meet Sherlock's gaze.
"Yes." John's voice had gone very low and sexy. "Yes, you did." John leaned in and kissed Sherlock passionately. Sherlock braced himself and marveled at John's multitasking abilities: masturbating two people at once while kissing him senseless in the process.
John, fighting embarrassment, places one hand at the base of his cock, and massages the tip with his other hand. Sherlock watches intently. John begins stroking the length of his penis in earnest.
Sherlock lies on the sofa, head against the armrest, fingers steepled in thought. John approaches the sofa.
Bill Wiggins has come a long way, John. Attending a program for mature students, now. I'm very proud of him. Doing very well in chemistry class he tells me.
Watson leaned down and kissed Holmes -- quickly, gently, familiarly -- and then took his customary seat facing Holmes. He smoothed his mustache as he settled in, and picked up a book from the side table. Holmes watched him in quiet adoration. Both men resumed their reading with much contentment.
I'm going to start lightly massaging around the exterior of your anus, Sherlock. Tell me to stop whenever you need to, okay?
"I stole it for you." Sherlock's tone had softened, although his attention was now on setting up a tower of blocks for Rosie to gleefully knock down—a favorite game she and Sherlock had devised.
Sherlock enters the kitchen. Rosie's eat and John bustles about the kitchen frantically. Sherlock sighs in disgust and leans against door frame.
Yes, by the way it is lingering in the bed clothes, especially the pillow, I'd say you slept in my bed at least one night, more likely two... you definitely slept there last night.
He analyzes all aspects of John's expression: Desire. Reciprocity. Intimacy. Guilt. Empathy. Caring. Friendship... no, something stronger than friendship, Sherlock decides. What is it? Sherlock ponders it. Intimacy, desire, empathy... but mixed with something else... something very deep.
John obeys and Sherlock carefully strips him of his shirt, tossing it with the jumper. Standing behind John, Sherlock spread his hands across John's strong compact back, exploring, observing. John is stock still, taking in the sensation of Sherlock's touch. Sherlock's eyes focus on the scar on John's left shoulder.
I've fantasized about taking you like this... from behind, in the shower, just like this John. Just like this.
Sherlock takes the umbrella from John and holds it over both their heads. John grasps the stroller handles and they begin walking.
Sherlock Holmes found himself in 221B Baker Street, in 1894, sitting comfortably in his chair with a newspaper in hand. The phonograph in the corner quietly played a violin concerto. John Watson walked into the sitting room balancing two tea cups on saucers. He placed one by his chair and carefully handed the other to Holmes, who smiled up at him fondly.
Not necessarily. Maybe he has a low sex drive. Perhaps it is a medical condition... could be impotence. He may be ace. Asexual. Or a myriad of other reasons.
It was a bit beastly, actually. I am a person who isn't daunted by those smarter than myself... I find them rather endearing actually... but I dislike when people use their intelligence as a weapon. Your brother doesn't seem to respect client-therapist confidentiality. But don't worry, I sent him packing. I've dealt with his type before: they think they’re so cunning, but they don't seem to know what to do with a straightforward 'no.'
It wasn't just that, John. There were a myriad of reasons Irene and I didn't work. Her very profession caters to those with particularly strong addictions. Hardly a good match for someone trying to recover from his own addiction problem, now is it?
Sherlock is delayed, and asked me if I might be able to pick up Rosie for him. I'm good friends with John... known him for years. Surely you could make an exception for an officer of the law?
Well, that was more along the lines of you not strapping electrodes to my infant daughter or poisoning my coffee anymore.
John gives the bell-end of Sherlock's erection a little teasing lick. Sherlock closes his eyes with pleasure.
John sits on a bench looking around expectantly. He spies Sherlock approaching. Sherlock has spruced up considerably: showered, clean-shaven and wearing a dark suit with a cobalt blue shirt. John immediately feels inadequately-dressed and furtively fusses with his own outfit and hair.
John makes haste to the bathroom to clean up and returns with wash cloths. He gives one to Sherlock, who begins cleaning himself up, and Jon uses the other to sop up the spills on the sheet.
The lights are dim, but not off -- Sherlock wants to be able to see everything, after all. John stands in the middle of the room with his arms crossed, while Sherlock circles him slowly, contemplating, with a lusty grin on his lips and in his eyes. John doesn't know what to make of all this.
Sherlock lounges in his chair reading a book with his feet propped up on a laundry basket. John enters the room, puts his hands on his hips, and stares at Sherlock. Sherlock doesn't notice.  John gives up, sits down on his own chair, and gently pulls the laundry basket from under Sherlock. Sherlock looks up, a bit dazed.
Sherlock in pajamas reads in bed on his phone. He tilts his head when he hears John's cough and rustling over the baby monitor. He quickly jots off a text to John, it reads:
John leans down to kiss Sherlock in the middle of his chest, making Sherlock gasp. Sherlock pulls John up to kiss him properly, even though John must release Sherlock's prick to do so. Sherlock kisses John hungrily over and over.
Yes. Mary. The secret assassin. She nearly killed me one time and then later jumped in front of a bullet to save my life. Left John a widower with a young child.
Both John and Mrs. Hudson look very uncomfortable. Rosie toddles over to the tea tray and helps herself to another biscuit.
"Was a smoker," Sherlock corrected him. John resumed studying the ashtray. He felt eyes on him, Sherlock carefully watching him, analyzing him.
"I'm fine," Sherlock wheezed, "I just don't think I can be on both the giving and receiving end at the moment."
Sherlock reached for one of John's hands, brought it to his mouth and kissed the fingertips, murmuring, "You can touch as well as look, John." He placed John's palm on his chest. The look of wonder and desire on John's face was deliciously fetching, and Sherlock just
It's only because he and Rosie happen to share a common interest. The reason Mycroft so enjoys complaining about my supposed childhood obsession with "playing pirates" is because I always refused to play his favorite: knights and castles.
I thought you might look good in it. And it matches the trousers perfectly. Here, I brought you a plain white shirt to try it on, but it would look good with anything... light blue, rose, pistachio green, even black.
Yes, but I suspect we'll be a little too eager to get you all the way undressed first. You'll still have one of your tight button-ups on... the sexy purple one, I think.
John kneels next to Sherlock on the bed and gingerly moves an errant curl from Sherlock's forehead. John gives Sherlock's cheekbone a soft kiss. He follows up with another soft kiss to Sherlock's neck.
Okay, I'm leaving. I'll try to distract Rosie as long as possible, but the girl's got "Mycroft-dar" that'll rival MI6 surveillance any day.
John sits up on Sherlock's groin and grinds lightly against Sherlock's growing erection. John grabs hold of one of Sherlock's hands and plants it firmly on John's butt cheek. Sherlock fondles John's arse and lets out a delirious moan.
Oh, they love being part of the subterfuge... getting to pull one over on the great Sherlock Holmes... who wouldn't?
"I just couldn't bring myself to look at it every day... or even have it packed away somewhere in my home where I could possibly access it, take it out, and be reminded of you. Of losing you. I just couldn't."
Dorian and Rosie, bored, have pulled off their shoes and are throwing them at each other from their strollers and giggling. John and Audrey hustle to re-shod their toddlers.
"What about the rest?" Sherlock asked, gesturing towards the box as he helped Mrs. Hudson stack dishes on the tray. John ran a tongue over his lips nervously.
You're a horrible person, John Watson. Your boyfriend is in the next room recovering from a heart episode, and all you think about is your own carnal needs.
I think this is precisely the point: You are actually a very private person who has been forced into the limelight and thus had to create a public persona to compensate. I am here to protect the private Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock suddenly pulls away from John and roughly turns him around, pressing John face-first up against the shower wall. Sherlock squeezes a generous amount of lube on his right hand as well as on his cock.
Well, not any more since I've been sneaking those particular items into your and Rosie's laundry bins.
Sherlock swells with pride and pleasure in getting to witness John's midlife sexual awakening, knowing he himself is the cause of it. But Sherlock realizes it's best not to dwell on that fact for the time being, for the sake of his poor heart.
I tried to make a go of it. I really did. Tried to build a relationship with her. She and I put a solid effort in, and it almost worked.
"Failed relationships"? As if you ever cared about such things! "Caring is not an advantage, Sherlock." Remember?
I do. That's why I can't go running after you into dangerous situations anymore. As much as I want to... and God help me, I really want to... I can't.
John dares to look down at Sherlock going to town on him. But it proves to be too much. John eyes lock onto Sherlock's beautiful blues ones, and it nearly send him over the edge.
With a crocked smile, Sherlock lifts the jumper off of John's head, then off his arms. It is chucked onto the floor unceremoniously. Sherlock smiles down at John.
Sherlock is instantly on his feet, his phone pocketed. He boldly walks over to John, takes him by his hands and pulls him to standing. Sherlock bends his head down to plant a kiss on John's lips. Their fingers entwine and the kissing becomes more intense. Sherlock breaks off the kiss reluctantly, resting his forehead on John's.
John looks towards Sherlock briefly, and settles his gaze on the kids playing in the puddle. He is quiet for a few moments.
Sherlock did not waste any time plunging his hand into John's underpants, while his other hand reached around and nestled under the layers of jeans and pants to cup John's buttock. With deft fingers, he fondled John's balls, moved up to trace the underside of his shaft, and delicately massaged the tip. John let out a deep moan and Sherlock smiled in satisfaction. As Sherlock continued to explore and please John, he came to the conclusion that touching John like this was one of the most exquisite experiences of his life. He felt his own erection growing steadily in response.
Anyway, we'll eat waffles and then I'll take you to the Docklands Museum to help us take our minds off the whole Holmes family, and how incredibly good they've been to both you and me, in their own odd ways.
Are you going to stop wearing your lovely tight trousers now that you've successfully made me orgasm?
As will John. You'll both make many, many mistakes. It is how you'll handle your mistakes that counts, Sherlock.
Sherlock shoots John a sour look. John collects Rosie and their things for the day, about to leave the kitchen.
Straight afterward John popped down on one knee and pulled a ring box out of thin air and proposed to me.
Sherlock nods and John disappears into the bathroom. Sherlock busies himself clearing off the bed and putting a condom on the small butt plug.
Sherlock responds by giving John another deep kiss, this time sliding his hand over John's shirt and down his belly to join John's busy hands.
John enters the flat carrying Rosie. He looks around with a bright smile on his face. Sherlock enters, pleased as well. John heads to his chair, picks up the stuffed toys and shows them happily to Rosie. Sherlock looks even more pleased.
[Note: John has returned to therapy sessions with Ella, his original therapist, after the whole Eurus debacle. Sherlock has been going to her for at least two years, as well.]
Remember I have clinic rotation this evening. Pls pick up Rosie. Bring an umbrella, looks like rain. - John.
Well! Now that we've had an opportunity to exchange pleasantries, let's get down to the matter at hand, shall we? Irene, do enlighten us about the case.
That was at a particularly bad time in my life, and I felt... I believed... you and I didn't stand a chance. No chance at all.
Lestrade is that one loud-mouth friend of yours who is HORRIBLE at subtlety, but you love him anyway.
Everyone knows your first date should be a lunch date. Sherlock and John have important things to discuss.
These drug rings get violent and destructive in a hurry, Sherlock... we'd be preventing a lot of lives from getting ruined.
That's right... you'll come in your red pants, and you'll come hard. With me pounding into your lovely arse, do you hear me?
John, alarmed that Mrs. Hudson can hear, quickly looks towards the kitchen. She has, in fact, heard everything, but she bustles around the kitchen pretending she hasn't.
They've been overly concerned about my recent SVT attack and have been pestering me to see them. And it has been a while since they've visited Eurus.
John and Rosie climbed the stairs of 221B Baker Street for one of their monthly Saturday visits. The visits were ostensibly Mrs. Hudson's idea, as she insisted she couldn't go longer than a month without seeing her goddaughter Rosie, but John had his suspicions that Sherlock was behind it, or at least working in cahoots with the landlady. Honestly, John didn't know how to feel about it: the visits in general, seeing Sherlock, sensing that the man wanted to see John more than John wanted to see him. It wasn't that John didn't
Sherlock sits at the table with eyes closed and fingers steepled. John enters and looks at his briefly and continues to the sink. He puts on his gloves and begins washing the dishes.
This is a WIP (work in progress) and I plan to finish it. I'm hoping to have the next chapter up in late March 2021.
John is calmly eating his bag lunch from home at his desk. He reaches for his mobile and sends a text.
Well, Rosie Sherlock, if you are going to wear the funny hat, then we'd better be solving a mystery of some kind or another...
Sherlock is sleeping in bed. John exits the bathroom in pajamas and gets into bed as well. Sherlock turns to spoon John. John waits a few moments before speaking.
"This isn't the first time we've kissed, is it?" Sherlock murmured, trying very hard to recall something that had slipped his mind. John gripped the back of the chair just a bit harder.
John sighs heavily and looks at his sad toastless plate. He gets up to place more bread in the toaster.
This morning you said 'yes' to everything... yes to all the important things... could we clarify that a bit? So we are on the same page?
Well, it always happens when the weather gets particularly nasty like this. People decide they can put off their nagging little health problems until the skies clear. You know how it goes.
Jealous that I'm getting all the attention? Why would you? You've never had much problem getting dates, John.
That's not how it works, Sherlock. You don't get to be M.I.A. for days on end and then come back and say you miss me.
Oi! Who keeps sneaking around getting reservations and what-not for your date nights? Really, John! Sherlock still hasn't been able to figure that out yet.
John hears Sherlock's bedroom door slam. He exhales sharply and stares up at the ceiling, wondering what to do about Sherlock. Wondering if his own actions may be a bit wrong-headed as well.
Sherlock kisses John several times more, each with more heat. John responds favorably. They begin to explore each other's bodies with their hands.
Finally. It's been nearly a month, wouldn't you say, John? Took you long enough to figure it out, Mycroft. Shall we chalk that up to your usual shoddy surveillance?
In these! And probably in their entire line of cosmetics on that particularly fateful day... I imagine there are several people out there who are now quite addicted to their new Peruvian lipstick. No wonder "Rojas" so generously dumped a load of lotion on you, as well as probably dozens and dozens of his unsuspecting friends and colleagues.
Sherlock's breath hitches as he says this. He grabs John's hips for leverage as his body takes over and he pounds rhythmically and hard into his beloved's sweet arse. John matches the stroking of his cock with Sherlock's intense thrusts.
Two orgasms in one day... within an hour of each other. You should be very proud of yourself, Sherlock.
Sherlock studies her crying face, frowns, and points to the mess on the ground. He grabs a tea towel and crouches down to sop up the mess.
"So, what should we talk about?" Sherlock asked. John heaved a sigh and stayed tight-lipped, not looking at Sherlock. Sherlock always felt an odd mix of irritation and empathy when John went into one of his silent snits. Sherlock often wished he had more tools at his disposal, when all he really wanted to do was take his friend into his embrace and console him.
John returns from a jog to find the sitting room turned into a blanket fort. He can hear Rosie giggling within. John sits down cross-legged on the floor next to the entrance of the fort.
Are John and his daughter still living with you? I suspect that your romantic relationship might impact your living arrangement with them somewhat. Come to think about it... you've not mentioned John very much over the last few months, not since you started this new --
Sherlock frees his mouth from John's erection reluctantly. John sits up and braces himself with a hand to better meet Sherlock's eye.
John. Rosie and I have been discussing it, and we feel it is high time she had a potty chair of her own.
Sherlock grinds very hard against John once more, and then sits back on his heels. John slowly, carefully kneels and turns around to face him. Sherlock, the light from the bathroom lighting up his bare chest, has his head thrown back and has one hand at his crotch, lightly touching his bulging penis through the black fabric of his pants. John is briefly overcome by how beautiful he looks like this; but there are pressing matters.
Look, it is a matter of little importance, I was only trying to spare you the aggravation of having to contend with a bothersome noise day in and day out.
Oh my. I'll take that as a yes. Let's see... today you discovered that you get off exploring my bum... sticking one thing after another up my arsehole.
No, not yet. Strictly twice-a-week-lunch at this moment. And funny how you only bring that up when you want to distract me or poke fun at me.
Sherlock double checks the position of the condom and adds a generous amount of lubricant to the dildo. John, still lying down, cranes his neck to watch.
John taps and rubs lightly over Sherlock's entrance. His other hand continues to stroke Sherlock's cock rhythmically.
I've known you for... what? Nearly two years? And you've never mentioned a girlfriend or anyone you're dating. I only ever hear about Sherlock.
Oh, I'm extremely discreet with my clients, John. But Sherlock was never one of my clients, now, was he?
"Why not?" The query was voiced with both kindness and insistence. John muttered a curse and knitted his brows together as his distress accumulated.
That's right! You should be. I'm no Sherlock Holmes, but I'm a pretty good detective when I put my mind to it.
Excellent. But I'll still be bringing you up tea on Sundays... I'm not about to give up my weekly visits with Rosie just yet.
No, I don't think so. This is too good. It almost makes up for that "fast and hard" crack from earlier. Almost.
John looks away bashfully. Sherlock, suddenly stunned, takes a step back. He puts a hand to his chest as his heart begins to race.
The fact that you have never once consulted a doctor about this is astounding to me! Or, you're faking it for sympathy.
John washes dishes at the sink while listening to jazz music. Sherlock pops his head in from the hallway door.
Rosie blows the photo of Mary a kiss. John wipes away a tear on his face. Sherlock looks sad as well. Rosie points at another photo.
John reaches down and rubs Sherlock's arm in appreciation as he watches Sherlock work on him from both ends.
Hi Rosie. Staying dry in there? Do be careful with Sherlock's umbrella, Rosie. I remember how you destroyed the last one.
Dorian runs by Sherlock and John. Sherlock picks Dorian up and twirls the kiddo around; Dorian squeals with glee. Dorian's flailing legs hit John, knocking his coffee out of his hand.
"I'll have you know This End Up has a very diverse clientele with an impressive age range. I’ve looked into it," Sherlock lied. He had done no such research. Still, he persevered, "They don't discriminate against middle-aged gays wishing to unwind and enjoy themselves." Sherlock made sure to pout a bit as he said this to ensure John felt extra guilty. It worked.
She threatened to kill my friend if she didn't say it, although of course Molly didn't know that. It was all very convoluted and it brought a great deal of unnecessary pain to dear Molly.
Oh! If a man delivers some pig parts later this afternoon while I'm out, could you please sign for them, Mrs. H?
Not that he’s doing much better. His mind has been on one track for a while now, and that track is Sherlock.
“Excellent. A full house.” Jim grins upward at a rainbow hot-air balloon drifting south above the park. “Including my Ace in the hole.” He waves to the balloon; John catches a glimpse of dark hair above a white dress, a jewelled-braceleted arm languidly waving back. “Now,” he says, stroking his hand up over the eight-inch bulge and down into his pocket, “let’s lay
“Nude bomb,” the evil mastermind replies, as if that answers any possible questions Seb might have. “Obviously it’s not ready yet, or you’d be much more naked and aroused.”
“Obviously,” Sherlock replies, taking a bite of his toast, making an approving hum at the amount of jam John used.
Jim  flips a switch on the box. The air shimmers between them, and suddenly  Sebastian Moran is stark naked, cock throbbing and very erect.
, she thinks, clambering into the driver’s seat and fumbling the keys out of her pocket. She switches off the AC and flips on the sirens, tearing along the Inner Circle roadway. “Come on, your Majesty.”
Lestrade shrugs, grinning, "Dunno. It could be amusing, bloke dressed like that. Go ahead and use my office."
By the time they get there, John is slightly out of breath, and Sherlock’s muttered dialogue-to-self has taken an odd turn. It’s as though his internal dialogue has become external. Every thought, every calculation, every leap of logic and deduction, all given voice, though he seems to be trying to keep his voice down.
sleep?  We need neither, we have a case!  Bees, John, we're going back to Regent's Park, the bees are
Jim's  hand closes around Seb's erect cock. "You can, my dear." His nails dig  in; Seb gasps. He hisses into Seb's ear. "I think you can."
Mycroft can see their rate and direction of travel plainly laid out by the numbers.  A note at the top of the page states that John (and his phone) were never farther than five feet from Sherlock during the interval surveyed.  Mycroft can see where the two of them hesitated, sped up, waited, travelled aimlessly or with purpose.  And he can see that the tale told by the numbers before Regent's Park is different in quality from that shown afterward.
John makes them a quick breakfast. By the time the eggs are ready, Sherlock has set aside the dissection. John can’t help noticing it now, sat right in the middle of the table; it’s a bee. That’s not so bad.
"These  have to be the genetically engineered bees," John says, trying to  control the wave of words that are fighting to get out past his lips.  "You got us stung by some sort of top secret Baskerville demon insect,  of    course    you did. It's a good thing you're so gorgeous when you look at me like that --"
Sherlock dashes off a text to Nazir. It reads: WE MUST CHECK ATTACHE'S ROOM TOMORROW FOR BLOOD STAINED FLOOR -SH
Okay, but nothing goes into my anus, do you understand me? It has had enough of a workout for one day.
"Please," Sherlock pleaded desperately. He could already feel himself slip into his mind palace. "Please? I don't want to forget."
Sherlock's body stiffens at this comment and he frowns deeply. From his position lying on Sherlock's chest, John doesn't see this facial expression.
John finishes washing the dishes and removes his rubber gloves. He crosses the kitchen, turns off the light, and enters...
Rosie is in her booster seat happily eating pieces of cheese, fruit, peas, and ham. Mrs. Hudson prepares plates for John and Sherlock, while Audrey does some washing up.
Sherlock sits in his chair in his housecoat carefully observing the kitchen like a panther waiting for his prey to appear. John and Rosie are in the kitchen bustling about doing their morning routine.
Sherlock groans loudly and rolls over in agitation. John waits for Sherlock to settle back into sleep.
Right, erm, Lestrade... Well, I, too, am concerned about the imbalance I see in my own relationship with John. I don't know what I bring to the relationship either, at least on an emotional level. Especially on an emotional level.
Yes, the sofa... where I envision countless permutations for us... one of my absolute favorites, John, is you face down on the cushions with your tasty hindquarters up in the air, presenting yourself to me... we would have so much fun, how good it would feel... me taking you from behind like that.
Sherlock, bareheaded and without an umbrella, quickly pushes Rosie in her stroller down the sidewalk in a heavy rain. John comes running up.
Oh, you sneaky bastard, John. That's when you'll get the tickets. Hm... maybe I can get Rosie to spill the beans.
Since this is likely to be the last conversation I'll have with John Watson, would you mind if we took a moment?
Your sentiments towards her go beyond envy or jealousy or possessiveness, John. And yet, there was a time you were actively pushing me into her arms. Do you remember?
Bullshit! You are sneaking out. Just like last night, and the night before, and the night before that. All week you've been fine one minute, and the next minute you flip out and go running off!
Irene did not disappoint. It was a rather simple case, actually, but the setting could not be more perfect: she had heard from one of her clients, an owner of a gay night club, that the bar's till mysteriously came up short a couple hundred pounds each and every Saturday night. That would
Sherlock takes a step back in shock, holding the towel limply. John yanks off his rubber gloves and slaps them on the counter.
John and Rosie enter and spot Sherlock sitting in his armchair, typing. He smiles brightly and puts down his laptop. Rosie races over to him.
Sherlock, Officer AJ NAZIR (30's, female, Pakistani, even-tempered) ,and a few other Scotland Yard officers stand around two dead bodies. Large, idle locomotives are in the background.
Yes! And we will... take it slow, that is. We'll just have this part... you know... out of the way... for down the road.
With one hand grazing John's waistband, Sherlock makes a full circle around John in order to analyze him from every angle.
So, is the Cambodian student responsible for researching the art pieces and their owners? Or only carrying out the actual theft? Is someone putting her up to it? Is she being coerced? Yes, she's very good at her craft, but there's no panache ... there's a distinct lack of flair that hints at an underlying feeling of dissatisfaction with her situation. Is that it? Yes, I think you may have stumbled onto something very interesting here, John... John? You've stopped with the feet thing again, John.
Sherlock steeples his hands again in thought. He forgets himself and flops his feet onto John's lap. John gestures in annoyance but Sherlock doesn't notice. John gives up and leans back, eyes closed, head against the wall in exhaustion.
John rotates in Sherlock's arms to face him and resumes, with some difficulty, stripping Sherlock of his tight shirt. Sherlock, amused, watches the look of concentration on John's face. Once the shirt is off, John regards Sherlock's long naked torso with desire and some envy. He lightly runs a knuckle down Sherlock's chest and stomach.
Sherlock smiles fondly at John. Being fussed over and scolded by John is one of the most exquisite pleasures of Sherlock's life.
John looks up and then glances away bashfully, only to gaze up at his friend once more with his own bittersweet expression.
Damn it, Sherlock. We know it's not your fault, you and your sensitive heart... but damn it, you are cockblocking yourself and everyone else.
packed dance floor, hopping into the fray while John sat there with his mouth hanging open in shock.
Sherlock is naked and on all fours on the bed. John kneels behind him, also naked other than a condom and some lube.
Sherlock jumps off the step stool, and dusts off his hands. Mrs. Hudson claps her own hands together in delight.
It's fitting that the biggest prick I've ever known would turn out to have the biggest prick I've ever seen.
Precisely. This is John Watson we are talking about! And we must have you looking your very best for him.
See, Mr. Holmes? I hide nothing. I am good at my job but I have no problem admitting when I make mistakes.
I really do need to go, Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson has been watching Rosie for hours and she needs a break.
A well-dressed Sherlock sits a bit bored and out-of-place on Irene Adler's sofa, texting on his phone. Irene, dressed comfortably, is using her laptop at a nearby table, doing her monthly finances (as every small business owner should do). She looks up and smiles pleasantly at Sherlock. He smiles pleasantly back.
Before Sherlock can change his mind, John dives to the side table and takes out a glove. He snaps it on his right hand and grabs the lube. He looks back at Sherlock and suddenly pauses. Sherlock's expression is one of nervousness and uncertainty.
Cum spills over Sherlock's hand as John's body convulses orgasmically. Sherlock lessens his grip on John's penis, but does not entirely let go. Sherlock carefully watches John who pants in recovery. He so badly wants to kiss John right now.
No, Sherlock, you don't understand. He is a good man. An honest man, a very upfront man. Such a breath of fresh air compared to all the conniving, convoluted people I'm surrounded by in my line of work. And honestly, I fear I am perhaps the worst offender of them all.
Sherlock palms the back of John's head while he closes his eyes to better picture the scene in his head.
I said she purchases plastic slippers for her heist jobs --that's different. But I think you might be on to something.
Like you have anything to compare it to. How many engorged penises have you actually come across in your life, John?
Sherlock continues to work John open with his two fingers as John squirms and presses against Sherlock's hand.
"Come Rosie, let's get your shoes on," Mrs. Hudson cooed, as she ushered the little girl to the foyer.
Sherlock's face grows serious, and he leans over to give John the kiss he's been wanting desperately to give him for the last several minutes. It is sweet and lingering, but oh so possessive. John cups Sherlock's face gently and does all he can to prolong this wonderful kiss, this wonderful moment.
Buried in his mind palace, Sherlock doesn't notice Rosie and John have returned until John is giving him a kiss on the cheek. Sherlock is at first shocked, but softens and looks very pleased indeed.
seeing John look so miserable had ceased to be fun, and Sherlock very much wished he hadn't taken Irene Adler's stupid suggestion at all. What was the point of manufacturing this useless jealously when it only made them both terribly unhappy in the process?
With concentration, he undid the button on John's jeans and pulled down the zip. Sherlock let out a ragged breath as his hand skimmed over the hardening bulge hidden beneath John's underpants. For the third or perhaps fourth time that evening (Sherlock was losing count), he found John's
Molly, I am confident that I will single-handedly botch up absolutely everything with John without even trying.
Sherlock freezes, alarmed that he's let his true feelings slip; but John decides to let him off the hook.
John is fast asleep. Sherlock enters quietly, regarding John for a moment. Sherlock changes into his pajamas and gets into bed next to John, spooning him, per usual.
I know I haven't handled things very well. I've been entirely too pushy. Mucked it up utterly. But Sherlock, I need some direction here. Tell me what you need from me.
"Well, keep your eyes peeled. And we'd better order some drinks if we're going to commandeer this booth the entire evening… we’ve got to blend in... Oh miss!"
John backs out and eases his cock into Sherlock a smidgen more. John stills himself and waits for the next tap from Sherlock. Sherlock taps, and the process is repeated several more times.
I have a history of saying and doing all the wrong things... and you have been on the receiving end of my horribleness far too many times.
You are rushing things. It can take a long time for a person to know how they feel about someone, especially when it comes to love.
Sherlock obliges with a batch of kisses. He lightly teases John, pulling away from each kiss a little early, leaving John a bit wanting. John slips his hand down his own pajama pants to fondle his hardening cock.
All I am saying is one should keep their heart and mind open when a second chance is presented to them.
ALDER:  DARLING BELIEVE ME, I TRIED YEARS AGO WITH NO SUCCESS. I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU'VE INSISTED ON LASHING YOURSELF TO SUCH A STUBBORN MULE ALL THESE YEARS
John reads in bed. Sherlock sweeps into the room and takes off his suit jacket, hanging it on a hanger behind the door. He begins to undo his cufflinks, but John quickly jumps out of the bed and stands in front of Sherlock.
John is speechless. Sherlock shifts to lie down with his head in John's lap, resting his head on the pillow that John had been holding protectively moments ago. Sherlock looks up at him.
Er... three. You've kissed me three times in the last 47-hours. Twice here in the kitchen and once half-asleep Friday night on the sofa. Three. It appears that there's someone else here that enjoys kissing, as well.
You ARE normal people. You have a bigger heart than you let on. You, too, are capable of recognizing your mistakes and learning from them.
True to his word, John moves his fingertip in and out of Sherlock with slow, gentle thrusts. Sherlock clutches the bedsheets in response.
Sherlock, of course there is! I do believe you are owed an orgasm after all you've just done for me.
John and Rosie finish up breakfast and John collects all the things they will need for the day. Sherlock enters groggily rubbing his face.
I even determined that he has, in fact, experienced romantic love before by obtaining confirmation that he did indeed love his deceased wife.
Right. So, Madame Imelda excuses herself during the middle of the session, claiming she needs some fresh air. When she returns, she finds the clients sprawled out on the floor unconscious. She screams and phones the ambulance. The medics arrive and start working, but they, too, begin to get lightheaded, so they throw open the window.
Jim swears, “Fuck!” He tears off the mask and the apron, throwing them away in disgust, still cursing. The mask makes a resounding crash when it hits--something, probably dangerous and breakable--on the other side of the workshop. Jim turns from the mess and gives Seb a raised eyebrow assessment.
“Why are you dissecting a bee?” John asks; it’s a risk even asking about it, but he’s almost always curious about Sherlock’s experiments.
Sherlock waves off the question like it’s unimportant. “I can’t tell from the dissection, but I think they’ve been genetically engineered.”
Sebastian Moran sets down the rifle stock he’s been cleaning and polishing (Daisy, thus named for his first professional kill) and gets to his feet.
"Was it fun, Tiger? Did you like going in there like the cock-of-the-walk, all cheeky? Did you like knowing what was waiting for you at home?" He walks his fingers up Seb's arm and Seb growls, pinning Jim to the wall.
Another bee has stung Sherlock. He immediately drops to the ground, pawing at the grass looking for the insect and adding it to the one that had stung John.
John raises an eyebrow. "You normally can't stop talking, Sherlock, how is this any different than usual?"
Molly races towards Greg with a captured bit of honeycomb in its wood-and-glass box. “We’ve got the Queen!” she squeaks breathlessly. “Take it to the lab! NOW!” Greg bellows, taking the box and shoving it towards Anderson. Donovan takes a deep breath, intending to argue, but....
Sherlock's  lips brush the back of John's neck; every hair on John's body stands  up. A moan of pleasure vibrates between them, and it might be Sherlock,  but it's impossible to tell.
And  then, to John's surprise, words keep pouring out. He hears himself  speak, but it's impossible to stop: "I don't mind, though, the sound of  your voice, it's so unbelievably deep, you can keep right on talking,  some days I just want to listen to your voice and nothing else, because  it makes me think about -- " John gives a strangled yelp and claps a  hand over his mouth.
I've thought a lot about this. And, yeah, I do. I've been in therapy for years for my stuff, and he's been getting therapy for his... and with many more years of therapy ahead of us, I think we can make it.
John begins to wonder if hooking up with such an indecisive nitwit is such a good idea. He hands Sherlock the croissant and his tea.
Rosie is very cranky, crying and rubbing her eyes. John picks her up and tries to comfort her. Sherlock watches them from his chair.
Sherlock idly flips through files sitting on the counter. The door opens and Molly walks in. He smiles at her with genuine affection.
And we could even combine some of these activities. Perhaps we could bathe together, indulge in some hanky-panky in the process?
Then you and John make a decision whether to break up and go your separate ways, or if you decide to give the relationship more time.
It is not a very mature way to deal with my emotions, I admit. Albeit, dealing with my emotions has never been my forte.
Sherlock listens for more noise. First nothing. Then a small groan and footsteps from upstairs. Sherlock plugs in his mobile and dims the lights. John enters groggily.
Let's find out how it IS possible, shall we? I think our answer may lie in those bullets lodged in their bodies. Let's dig them out and get them to the ballistics lab for analysis straight away.
Sherlock inserts a third finger and John wails out a loud moan. Sherlock begins stroking his own erection while working steadily on John.
John has his mouth back on Sherlock's prick in the next instance. Sherlock gasps in response. Sherlock's eyes close as he takes in all these sensations. It builds and builds.
Sherlock places his left hand on the base of John's cock and gives the bell end a quick lick. John's breath hitches and his hips pop up off the bed in response.
John first makes sure there is enough lubricant on the glove. While holding Sherlock's cock with his free hand and bathing it with his tongue, John rubs gentle circles around Sherlock's hole with his gloved hand.
Well, we've stuck quite a few things up my bum, now. And the number of things that have been up your bum can be counted on one finger... this exact finger, in fact.
Irene, we will take these to the lab and analyze them for cocaine and whatever else is on them. I know it isn't much, but it's the only lead we have at the moment.
It has happened before... I suddenly wake up in the night and my heart is pounding like mad. So, I'm a bit worried about it happening tonight.
Sherlock sighs happily at John’s touch. John applies some conditioner and runs his fingers through Sherlock's hair.
John closes his eyes with pleasure, as fantasies of Sherlock cross his mind. Sherlock: long, lean, all legs and neck... graceful.
Rosie nods, climbs to the floor and over to the container of Duplos on the book shelf. With help from Sherlock, she's able to get them off the shelf and promptly dumps them on the carpet.
John squeezes lubricant on his hands. He slowly works the bell-end with his left hand while holding the base of his penis with his right hand. He leans back against the sink. His eyes keep gravitating to the glass door as he strokes his shaft up and down, slowly.
Whatcha want to do tonight? Some telly? Or you can continue on your phone and I'll go get my book...
John wakes up to find Sherlock curled around him. He kisses Sherlock's hand before carefully getting out of bed and heading to the bathroom door. John wistfully looks back at Sherlock as he enters the bathroom.
But more importantly, it was about how Irene and I fit, or failed to fit, into each other's lives. Can you imagine me living comfortably in her well-appointed boudoir? And how would she fare in the jumbled disorganization that is Baker Street? Quite poorly, I imagine. She would be miserable.
John freezes and looks at him with surprise and love, which worries Sherlock. Sherlock gently takes the rice cooker from him and sets it on the counter.
I see. Sort of. Why does it frustrate you so, I wonder? If you are being sexually satisfied, then why --
Rosie eats in her booster seat, while John prepares some fruit, yogurt, and toast for himself. Sherlock enters in his swishy housecoat and groggily gets himself coffee from the coffee maker. He even adds milk so that he can drink it more quickly: his need for caffeine is pressing.
No, he did not verbally declare his love for me. But I know. I deduced it. It is quite apparent to me that he's in love with me. People are having a hard time believing me --
Sherlock redoubles his efforts, focusing on licking and sucking the shaft and end of John's cock steadily as John comes closer and closer to climaxing. At last, John's fingernails dig into the back of Sherlock's hand as he orgasms quick and hard.
Help yourself. Take as many as you'd like. An overseas client of mine gifted them to me and I've been trying to get rid of them, offering them to my guests. Marta loves the stuff but it's not to my liking.
Sherlock." But his partner’s husky words merely encouraged Sherlock's impending orgasm all the more. Sherlock felt his abdominal muscles tighten up; his testes ached for relief.
John finds Sherlock on the couch, sleeping with his phone dangling out of his hand. John carefully pulls the phone from Sherlock's hand and places it gently on the coffee table. He finds a throw blanket to cover Sherlock. He stands over Sherlock with a look of sorrow and worry on his face.
to deposit a kiss on his lips. The kiss deepened, and the men's touches became more fervent. Hands drifted to waistbands.
The mechanics are rather simple, actually. As you well know, there are two rings of muscles, the external and internal sphincter. You will need to initially exert a not unsubstantial amount of pressure to get past those two sets of muscles. Then, unfortunately, you will need to let up immediately. Perhaps with a more experienced or less sensitive partner you would be able to pound right into them, but I will require some time to get used to you inside me.
It helps that you are naturally inclined to care for others. And although I'm not one to enjoy being fussed over...
It was just loads of stimulation on my prostate at once. It would have made me come in a matter of seconds. And I'd like our session to go a little longer than that, if you don't mind.
You've worked your way up over the past months to take my entire cock, and now look at you. Begging for it, John.
I know, Irene. You took great care of me at a particularly low point in my life... perhaps the lowest. For that, I will be eternally grateful to you.
And for the record, it doesn't seem like Sherlock is manipulating you in the bedroom. From an outside perspective, it appears that one partner is trying very hard to satisfy the other partner any way he can. It seems to me Sherlock is genuinely trying hard.
Sherlock straightens up quickly. He stands behind Rosie's stroller glaring at Audrey. She faces off from him, standing behind Dorian's stroller, glaring back. Their posture and facial expressions resemble a Wild West gunfight duel.
"Yes... come Sherlock," John urged him in a whisper and Sherlock did just so. He threw his head back and moaned, bracing his hands on the table as his hips spasmed and cum poured over John's hand. John loosened his grip but did not let go, holding Sherlock's dick during his post-orgasm come-down while continuing to stroke himself to completion. Even in his exhaustion, Sherlock attempted to help John along as best he could, caressing John wherever he could reach: his thighs, his back, his torso, his arms. John's breath grew ragged and his vocalizations more forceful. He buried his forehead into Sherlock's bare chest; Sherlock held the back of John's neck gently. With a rough cry, John at last came. Sherlock held John to him in an embrace, and it was several moments before he let go. John seemed a bit unsteady on his feet.
A cough on the line. Lestrade. "Er, Sherlock? We need you down at the Yard. Someone's left a package for you."
A small chance, sure, he *is* a doctor, but he’s not on call and it’s half bloody seven in the morning and Sherlock has an uncanny knack for doing things that kill his appetite. He’s learned that lesson the hard way. A man deserves an entrails-free breakfast, doesn’t he?
"Do  you see?" Sherlock says, holding out his wrist. "The bee stings, John,  we're having some sort of reaction, I was just recording my own voice  for the past twenty minutes to make sure I wasn't imagining things, I  can't stop saying every word I'm thinking, and you were here in the  sitting room mumbling nonsense the entire time, I couldn't catch every  word but you were definitely
John watches him think for a few minutes, then grabs the paper and spends the rest of the breakfast reading about the Olympics. After he’s eaten, he clears the table, showers, and gets dressed.
Sherlock is still standing there like a bloody x-rated statue, and John—well, Lestrade doesn't want to know what John is doing behind Sherlock, but the sound doesn't leave much to the imagination. Lestrade takes another deep breath and says, "I said, off my desk. And if either of you so much as
Molly shoves Greg onto his back and sinks onto his straining hardness. “Oh Greg... ever since Christmas... you’ve been so patient, haven’t you,” she coos, as she begins to undulate. “More than you could ever know,” he gasps, and then flips them over.
Mycroft pushes Antemnestra against a tree and hikes her skirt up to her waist. Mycroft groans into her neck, reciting the dictionary beginning at the “Ms” to keep from spilling state secrets along with, eventually, semen. He pistons into her as she tweets multiple orgasms in 140 characters or less.
He is thrusting into Sherlock's fist, gasping, biting down on Sherlock's neck when Sherlock pulls away. "No,
Behind them, the audio feed is now echoing the nasal tones of Anderson, recorded as the box they'd given Sherlock via New Scotland Yard reached its destination in Forensics.
"Mmmm,"  Sherlock breathes in agreement, holding out his wrist compliantly as  John takes it in his hand, runs his fingers over it.
"Not  that I mind knowing what you're thinking, I think it might be terribly  fascinating, although I'd like to pretend I'm not interested, but we  should really address the problem of the bees -- "
“Bit busy right now, boss,” Seb says apologetically, as John claims his mouth again in a hungry kiss. Seb melts into it, feeling wanted for the first time in ages.
But then the increasing chaos around Lestrade's jumpsuit-clad form finally pulls him away in an eddy of New Scotland Yard's finest, and Sherlock gets his wish.  Which is indeed the supply room, but not for the reason John thought.  It seems the effects are wearing off of Sherlock as well.
Sherlock  has just reappeared after an unexplained fit of solitude. He looks  uncharacteristically flustered, holding his wrist at the site of his own  bee sting. "I feel strange. Have you noticed -- I can't seem to stop  talking? Your hair, you haven't had it cut in four weeks, you're due for  a cut soon but I like it this way, I wish you'd leave it another week  --
Jim swats his hand away. "Not quite finished," he sing-songs. "Must wrap our little care package for Scotland Yard."
The taxi ride to the Yard is unbearable. John can't stop thinking about Sherlock's breath on his neck, what he might have done next, how it would have progressed. He mentally shakes himself, casually dropping his hand to his inner thigh to press on the erection that is rising. When he glances at Sherlock, Sherlock is looking back, eyes bright, licking his lips and rubbing his fingers on his trousers, back and forth, back and forth. "Hope you sort this out quickly," John says, his voice rough. He's having trouble concentrating.
Seb huffs a laugh, takes Jim by the collar, crowds into him. "I can't simply walk into Scotland Yard."
John  inhales sharply, stands up. "Yes, back to the park before anyone else  gets stung, of course." Sherlock looks frantic -- struggling against  more words, perhaps?-- but John is babbling again. "You'd better let me  look at that sting, Sherlock, make sure it's all right -- give me your  wrist, best thing to do under the circumstances, don't you think?"
"John, we aren't in our right minds. Clearly something in those bees' stings is affecting our... emotions."
Sherlock's eyebrows draw together and he says, "Not for ourselves, John.  Those bees are our advantage!  Moriarty has the Nude Beam, but we've got, ah, Truth Bees."
Sherlock has at least pulled his trousers back into place, and John is wearing his jumpsuit, but Lestrade does not want to think about ever having to use his desk again. The ache in his groin is settling to a dull pain, the erection wilting slowly. "Well?" he repeats.
He shakes his head hard to clear it. "Right." Lestrade turns back to see Sherlock and John in a clinch again, panting into each other's open mouths and humping each other's legs like dogs. "Jesus Christ.
Receiving the full brunt of the pollen and stings, Jim and Sherlock and John and Seb crash together in a surfeit of limbs and a volley of clothing. John and Jim wind up laid out on the grass before Sebastian and Sherlock, respectively, and with the remaining working portions of his brain John is glad that he’s been well lubed and already  fucked open recently today. From the ease with which Sherlock is sliding into Moriarty, it seems as though Jim is in similar luck. John grabs Jim’s head and shoves his tongue into his mouth as Sebastian plunges into John’s arse.
"Yes, but you were affected in other ways," Sherlock says. "You were clearly resisting the urge to grope Sergeant Donovan's arse. Likely you were only able to resist joining John and me because you have hitherto evinced absolutely no interest in men, with the possible exception of my brother." Sherlock grimaces as if he has a bad taste in his mouth.
John stares at him and then breaks into giggles.  After a moment, Sherlock follows.  When they're good and out of breath, John gasps, "I think you've seen my point quite enough for today."
Jim is in inventing mode, wearing a leather (probably lead-lined) apron and a welding mask, upturned over his face. He grins at Seb and flips the mask down before hitting the switch he’s holding.
Sherlock turns the crude metal box around in his fingers, looking at it closely. "Obvious button, no obvious muzzle or pathway for a projectile, just a small glass-covered aperture." Sherlock looks up at him, shrugs, then presses the red button.
." He tosses John the extra jumpsuit and climbs into his own. "Sherlock, do you have any idea what the hell is going on here?"
In Regent’s Park, a bee returns to its hive with news for its hivemates about the new flowers it’s found.  The pollen clinging to its legs has no effect on its own nonexistent libido, but then it is an insect, and a worker besides.
"Sherlock, what if that's a bomb?" John asks, furrowing his brow while simultaneously admiring Sherlock's long clever fingers and wondering what they'd taste like, feel like...
"Don't  apologise, John, you idiot." Sherlock steps close, bending over John’s  shoulder as John's heart thumps like a drum. "I'm about to make the same  feeble excuse to examine the back of your neck, the sting doesn’t  concern me, but if I pretend to study it I'll be in the perfect position  to do this --"
, he hasn't felt anything like this since... well, it's been a while. He groans and tries to stand up, his hands in fists at his sides to keep from stroking the painfully hard length of his cock. Even the air stirring in the room is enough to leave him gasping. Oh god, he wants nothing more than to—no, no, this is not acceptable behavior. His heart is hammering in his chest and it feels like every single hair on his body is standing on end.
John scrambles off the desk, but still is staying suspiciously close to Sherlock. And whatever he's doing now is making Sherlock's ears turn pink. Of course Sherlock arches an eyebrow at Lestrade. "If I might point out—"
The sounds of an entire park full of people climaxing are almost drowned out by the buzzing of the bees. Almost.
“We were gonna go to that Rocky Horror screening later, boss. You like it when I dress like Rocky for those.”
"Okay," says Lestrade. "Let's start right there with the oversharing. The device didn't do that, because I'm not having that problem."
emergency is by far more urgent than either; three blinking lights on the sergeant's phone he's had his desk phone forwarded to; and he's pretty sure that John and Sherlock are having an argument using only their eyes behind his back, the topic of which seems to be in which direction they should sneak off for a quickie.  At least they're not oversharing anymore.  That disturbing effect seems to have worn off.
"Enough. Fucking. Waiting." And Sebastian Moran suddenly has a mouthful of skin and a handful of cock and he listens to his madman of a boss giggle and gasp at the same time.
"I was talking to myself? Hell, I've been worried about cracking ever since I got back from Afghanistan but -- "
They reach Lestrade's office and find him looking askance at a brown-paper wrapped package on his desk. "This was brought in by -- get this -- a bloke half-naked, wearing gold lamé pants and combat boots and a full hard-on. Bloody uncomfortable, that. I was about to ask him what he was on about, but he slipped out the door and..."
No. Not really. Only to demonstrate that things are perhaps a little mucked up already, so to speak. Why not throw another spanner in the works?
Yes, well, that would explain one night, but what about the subsequent night? That is to say, last night, hmm?
Sherlock sadly takes John's phone out of his pocket and places it gently on the coffee table. Sherlock watches John sleep another moment, considering things before heading to his own bedroom.
John steps into the room to let Sherlock pass by. Sherlock departs quickly, with a brief glance at John, but John's eyes are downcast.
Oh dear. Rosie, darling. Why don't you and I go downstairs for a couple of minutes? Let your father and Sherlock have a little chat, shall we?
In the short time it takes John to select a pair, Sherlock has stripped off his own suit trousers, kicking them into the corner.
No, the agreement was that we shouldn't spend EVERY night together. By my calculations it has, in fact, been several nights since we've slept in the same bed.
Perhaps not everything. I did happen to utter an unfortunate "I love you dearly" in his presence, though. By accident. Sort of blurted it out, actually.
A particularly bad birthday as it turns out. Culverton Smith. Too many drugs. The lot of you... Molly, Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson... taking turns babysitting me here at the flat. It was your shift and... well, you didn't want to be there. Couldn't wait to get out of there, in fact. Who could blame you?
John wants Audrey to take Rosie for now, but he said he'll officially add you to the pick-up list tomorrow. Do you know where Sherlock is?
I suspect it may be something to do with the house.  Perhaps something IN the house. I assume you and your woman there have taken drug tests recently as well?
Right, right, right. And whenever you'd like to come and stink up my bed, please know you have an open invitation.
Sherlock creeps down the stairs quietly. He opens the front door carefully and finds John sleeping on the sofa. The blanket has slipped off of John. Sherlock replaces it.
Sherlock immediately cuddles up to John, spooning him. Sherlock closes his eyes and yawns. Meanwhile, there is a look of immense frustration on John's face.
We have to decide things together. Look, come meet me at the park near Barts at lunchtime. 12:30? Please? It's the best I can do today.
Hmm. Since you seem to like it so much, we'll schedule a full session of analingus in the future. But today...
He plops Rosie down on the changing table. He grabs a picture book off her bookshelf and hands it to her.
I know all about your little tricks, Sherlock! I know what you're up to, I'm not that stupid. Intense eye contact... you looking for dilating pupils... Give me your wrist, damn it.
I constantly stick you with all the housework, and it is high time I start pulling my weight around here... that is, until Rosie is old enough that I can teach her how to unclog the toilet and take out the bins... which I plan to do in the next four months or so. But she's rather bright, so maybe just two.
Eurus walks over to the hatch in her cell, motioning to Mycroft to follow. Mycroft places the candy in the hatch and closes it. Eurus picks up the packet on her end and squirrels it away under her mattress. Mycroft exhales in relief. He reaches into his suit jacket pocket for a smaller packet of Maltesers. He opens the packet and pops a candy into his mouth. Eurus hears the sound of the packet opening and strides over, standing right in front of Mycroft behind the glass. She holds her hand out expectantly to him.
Is this what your little snit is all about this morning? Are you mad I fell asleep during your explanation? I told you I was tired...
I've also fantasized about having sex on your chair, too, Sherlock. You must know how badly I want to ride that giant prick of yours...
John leans over to look at the stroller. Sherlock's umbrella is completely covering Rosie. John moves the umbrella to the side and peeks in. Rosie giggles.
Well, yes, that's by design. Not to keep you in the dark, of course. I purposely make them spur of the moment because I don't trust my dear sister, lest she plan something nasty if she knew I was coming. Mycroft thinks I'm paranoid... he's coming with me tomorrow, by the way.
Irene’s stony expression holds firm, but she's nonetheless satisfied to hear this. Sherlock nods to her again before exiting.
John sits up carefully, throws back the covers and looks down at his crotch. He gets a confused expression on his face.
"You look very nice, John." It was both a statement of fact and a compliment. Sherlock couldn't keep his eyes off him.
Why don't you let me decide how much I'm getting out of our "little sessions"? Hm? There’s a fallacy in judging my level of satisfaction based on the number of orgasms I may have, John.
Cum spills through John's hand and pools onto Sherlock's heaving torso. John's finger slips out of Sherlock's bum as Sherlock curls to the side, shuddering with the remainder of his aftershocks. John makes short work of stripping off the glove and wiping off his hands so that he can cuddle up to Sherlock.
Sherlock replaces John's hands on the computer, typing and reading with impressive speed. When finished, Sherlock jumps off the bed and begins pacing.
Sherlock quickly looks up to analyze John's expression. They lock eyes for a moment. John's face flushes.
"Stakeout? Sounds like you ought to be phoning Lestrade or your brother for that one then,” John commented from his chair, setting down his book and frowning at Sherlock suspiciously.
Where was I? Okay Rosie, we'll get you changed and head out for a stroll around the block. Maybe we'll bug Mrs. Hudson for a biscuit on the way out. How does that sound?
The evening of the "minor stakeout" arrived, and Lupita, Rosie, and Sherlock waited in the sitting room (Lupita impatiently so) while John finished getting dressed upstairs. When he at last made it downstairs, John's appearance made Sherlock's mouth go dry. He was indeed wearing his black shirt, although the top two buttons were left undone, giving him a rakish look. The jeans he wore were new and fit him very well, the rich indigo setting off the black shirt nicely. And to Sherlock's surprise, his shoes were brand new, too: handsome black Chelsea boots. John raked a hand through his silver hair, giving it a sexy-but-still-put-together tousled look, then he put his hands on his hips and looked at Sherlock expectantly. Sherlock swallowed hard before answering.
