As soon as the carriage door closed, Tony groaned and leaned his head back, unbuttoning the top of his surcoat.  “God, it’s hot,” Tony grumbled. He picked up the long, wooden box that held the scepter, opened it, then tossed it aside and reached for the other box.  He flipped open that lid and lifted out what looked to Steve like a handful of delicate gold strands, though when Tony held the edges between his finders, Steve could see it was more of a sleeveless shirt made entirely of gold chains that were strung together.  “The far more interesting gift,” Tony mused, giving Steve a half-lidded look over the top of the garment before coiling it back down into its box. “Wear it under your robes for the tourney. At least I’ll have something pleasant to occupy my mind.”
“I can’t promise that no slave will ever be put in your position again. Not even I am that powerful. But if it should be so, they will not come from my house,” Tony told him.
“Twelve.  A wonderful age.  On the cusp of manhood, wouldn’t you say?  Some like them that way.  Can’t stay that way forever, though. Alas.  Now, I think perhaps you and I understand each other, but let me be clear.  Of course, should you display the kind of behavior towards one of our patrons that you did towards that poor overseer back at the port, you’ll lose more than just your head.  You’ll pray for death before I’m done with you.  But…if you misbehave, if you balk, if you protest or do anything that brings embarrassment onto me, you’ll be punished.  Quite severely, I assure you.  And whatever your fate is, Cam here will share it.  Tell me that you understand what I’m saying,” Zola whispered.  “I need to hear you say it.”
“Yeah.  Yeah,” Rhodes said after a long pause.  “I’m saying…nothing can prepare you for that.  It was something I’ll never be able to put behind me, not really.  I’ll carry it with me the rest of my days, those men, how they died, what I could have done differently, what was lost. But, it is what a soldier
Two guards with two doors.  One can only tell the truth.  One can only tell lies.  One door leads to death.  One door leads to freedom.  Problem was figuring out which was which.  But, there was a door, and he had to go through it.  He’d never shied away from choosing, until now, when it felt too much like a choice.
“What happened.  Before. It wasn’t—there’s so much—“ Tony implored, sucking in a breath.  “He says that, but.  Look around you.  I’m trying here, Barnes,” Tony husked out, which at least made the man stop looking like he wanted to take his prosthetic arm off and beat Tony with it.  “We screwed up, okay?  And we got screwed. I’m trying to fix this.”
“I hope—“ Tony started, then broke off, gaze flicking down the beach before he drew it back to Steve. “I hope this is all that you wanted.  Know that…know that you are all I want.  However that may be.”  It struck Steve as an odd thing to say, but the moment had a strange fragility to it, like they were both aware of some spell neither wanted to be the one to break.  A door through worlds, Steve thought.  And neither of us wants to turn back, but each would follow the other, and we are not so far away from it that we have the trust of distance yet.
Tony left for his hunt with Lord Ellis a short while later, and true to Cam’s word and sometimes militaristic insistence when it came to impressing Tony, Steve was fed, bathed and dressed in what seemed like far too much finery for an outing by the time Tony returned.  He, too, seemed to have bathed and changed, since he was no longer in hunting garb, but instead wore a deep red tunic shot through with gold over white, with black breeches and riding boots.
“Is that—I mean, do we think that’s necessary? The blood thing.  Thought Dr. Jekyll said that he wasn’t that kind of doctor,” Tony reminded him, looking down at Steve who was happily spreading the pieces of pasta around on the table in front of him with like it was some kind of modern art piece he was working on, an all-too-familiar determined jut to his jaw.  Clint shrugged.
“Right this way, gentlemen,” Stewart said, the words sounding hollow and distant.  Their host was sweeping one arm out in front of him to indicate the wood-paneled room behind glass doors where the Krug Chef’s Table sat waiting for them.  A bottle of champagne sat chilling in a silver bucket on the table, the neck wrapped in metallic swirls of ribbon.  Time to celebrate, Tony thought wildly.  He was either going to throw up or curl himself into a ball or, actually, both would be great, come to think of it.  “Compliments of the house,” Stewart demurred with a slight nod.
God, he was so fucking useless.  He had robots that had thus far managed the equivalent of tasks a two-year old could accomplish, and an idea for a missile that would never happen because no one would give a weapon designed by an Omega a second look lest it turn out to shoot rainbows and unicorns or some shit.  So, why he was wasting his time on that when he could be at least making some kind of attempt to—to—oh, holy fuck.
Questions swirled through his mind like leaves on the wind, just hanging there without an answer. It was frustrating and...unsettling. Felt a bit like he'd just gotten off the merry-go-round and the world hadn't righted itself yet, so everything was just a bit out of focus. He was so lost in thought that he almost missed noticing that his Alpha was standing on the deck, arms wrapped around himself, neck craned back so he could look up at the stars.
Steve made his way out to the balcony, stopping for a moment to take in the glorious view.  A part of him still couldn’t believe he was here, in a place like this.  He looked over to the table where a buffet of various breakfast foods waited, along with carafes of coffee, juices, and a chocolate milk that he knew was for him, because Tony had asked him his favorite drink one time and that had been his answer.  Tony had spent a good two minutes laughing with obvious delight at that.  Steve had been trying to figure out the insane number of options offered by the TV’s remote without either setting off a nuclear attack or getting the TV stuck on Spanish and failed to realize that when Tony asked him his favorite drink, he’d been standing at the bar with two glasses sitting on the countertop.
“My home--that's you, in case you forgot-- is here.  Of course, I'll come back.  I was thinking I’d get an apartment there, just for when I had to stay over, but I was hoping I’d be able to arrange some private air transportation,” Steve responded with a grin.
I do this to him, Steve thought with a heady surge of pride.  No one else.  He will have none but me.  He promised.
, he calls them.  Fanciful nonsense, I say.  As if what I provide the Crown isn’t sufficient,” Hammer sneered.
He blinked for a moment, swallowing hard.  He probably should have anticipated this, really.  It wasn’t like he had been able to call and give Brock a head’s up that he was on his way.  Brock had probably gone out to get some breakfast or something.  Steve couldn’t exactly expect him to wait around all morning, having no idea when Steve would get back.  That wouldn’t be fair of him to expect that.  It was just… well.  It didn’t matter.  He was a grown man.  He didn’t need babysitting.  It had just been sex.  He was the only one being weird about the whole thing.
“They said I was ready! I’ve been in therapy for months, Peter! I’m doing better, I just need some people that aren’t scientists to talk with once in a while!” Harry hisses back. When the teacher turns to look at them, the two pretend that they’ve never spoken a word to each other in all their lives.
“T’Challa is leaving again,” Tony says, voice a bit hard. The smiles they were all having drop immediately. Natasha and Wanda stand up, along with Peter. They hug him and give him a kiss on the cheek. Then after a quiet goodbye, they join Tony at the door.
“Ever thought about movie-nights? You can do horror-Saturday or something?” he suggests. Clint and Sam suddenly have wide smiles on their faces, while Bruce pales upon the mention of it.
Yaël even had to blink a few times to get the blurriness and black dots out of her sight. She felt dizzy, like, a tired kind of dizzy. If she could just lay down for a minute…  But instead, Yaël managed to surprise Hela with a boulder crashing into her back and then ramming her onto the ground.
Before that, he hands a glass to Bruce and his friend, Brunnhilde. The woman frowns when she sees the glass.
“No, that’s alright,” Mary quickly says. She taps the computer gently. “I’m going to back up some of Richard’s logs since I’m here anyway. I’ll lock up when I get out.”
Eddie has fallen on the ground. He’s writhing, struggling but unable to escape. The black goo that forms the suit is jumping off and reattaching itself. Eddie’s not getting out of that on his own. Peter bites on his lip, pulling away his arms from his ears and reaching towards him.
,” she says. Peter folds his clothes and puts them on the desk. He startles when suddenly three bots are poking at him, wondering what he’s wearing. He shoos them away quickly.
And now Tony fell asleep, probably did so before Steve even finished. And this hasn’t been the first time, either. Steve shakes his head, leaning forward to kiss Tony on his forehead before pulling away from him, rolling onto his back to stare at the ceiling.
Steve’s back. Tony can’t really believe it. Last night, he was almost convinced they were completely over. And now? Tony’s going to talk the shit out of this, and they’re going to make something work even if it kills them.
“Right, okay,” Strange continues, looking down at the chart. “I don’t normally practice medicine as much anymore, but Dr. Cho called me in for this. I’ve looked over mister Parker’s MRI and there’s just some things that I want to discuss with you if that’s alright?”
Peter asks, voice shaking a bit. Tony frowns. Is Peter running somewhere? He sounds like he’s just ran a marathon.
“Eh, pretty much,” for a second she hesitated if she really wanted the stamp saying ‘one-night-sting-girl’ on her forehead. But it was Peter, and she didn’t want to be ashamed of herself.“There was somebody, but he only just left again, though I don’t know where,” she lowered her back and made herself comfortable by laying on Peter’s legs. He didn’t really react to that, like it was all natural, well, which made it all natural, of course.
“My god, the peace! It’s so silent in here!” Yaël laughed and turned around in a circle just once while sniggering. This restful place was so welcome, there ran a single tear from Yaël’s eye.
“See, you’re doing it again. You’re freezing up on the spot like you’re expecting something horrible to happen. What’s going on, Tony?”
Yaël tried to focus on the details of her own movements as she was walking. Like the way her feet touched the ground or the way her arms moved during it. She intended to make the two ‘people’ she created out of water and fire work as smoothly as possible. As she scratched her chin while she was thinking about how she’d manage to make them as fluent as a living and breathing person.
Somebody is speaking through the comm link, he can hear it even from here. Steve sighs against Tony’s shoulder.
Peter is suspicious of something; Tony knows it. That has probably something to do with the fact that Tony keeps on staring at his son without really thinking about it. Each time Peter is looking away, working on whatever next Tony is going to add to this suit they’re making, the inventor takes a little time to once again take in what he has created without knowing it.
He’s done some crazy shit to get his high. It’s also the reason he got himself admitted after a while. Or… well, that’s on Obey if he’s completely honest. That traitor has at least done one good thing for him, though surely he’ll find out it was for selfish reasons if Tony digs deep enough.
“I’m not moving in with MJ?!” Peter almost shouts out, surprised even by his own reaction to that. MJ’s just been a touchy subject, lately.
“Ho, what did I ever do to you?!” Peter calls out, holding his hands up in surrender. When he looks at the girl that just tried to attack him, he’s surprised at what he’s seeing.
“Hey, uh… do you mind telling the others I’m just heading to bed?” Peter asks carefully. Yaël turns towards him with surprise in her eyes.
“I don’t have any other clothes,” he says, and Tony’s heart breaks at the hurt in his voice. He doesn’t like this. Not one bit! Peter’s a good kid, so what if he’s been making a few mistakes lately? He’s a teenager! That’s what they do, for crying out loud.
“Fucking shit, I can never surprise you guys with anything,” he mutters bitterly, crossing his arms while turning his gaze back to the television.
Tony’s not going to fool himself, he can’t be sure this is the girl Peter will one day decide to marry. He’s not exactly the luckiest with the ladies. At first, when the relationship with MJ had broken up, Tony had been waiting for the two to figure their shit out and get back together. When it later then turned out MJ moved on with a certain
“I’ll always be honest to you,” he promises before grabbing Steve’s hand and kissing his knuckles as well. “Same to you.”
Time goes by. After many days of testing, they’ve finally deemed Peter ready to return home. They spend the holidays at the tower, much the same way they did last year. It’s fun, light, and amazing to get back in touch with all the other Carters Peter hasn’t kept in touch with due to everything happening.
“I think…I have feelings for someone.” Yaël’s heart jumped, in a good way. This was great news! Why would Cap be so down about that?
“Uh, actually, I’ve lost my job,” she says, trying to chuckle it away. The wetness in her eyes indicates that she’s trying her best to hide the tears, but Tony knows her too well for that. He remembers the few times she came to him, in tears because her boyfriend from that time dumped her, and she didn’t have any sisters or brothers to go to. “It appears somebody saw me. They’re not going to arrest me or anything, but I was fired immediately.”
“Peter, now you’re just being overdramatic,” Tony mutters. Steve just frowns, clearly extremely uncomfortable about this entire thing.
Around half past two, they finish. For about five hours, they’ve been at it, and Tony’s pretty much done with it. He rolls his neck a bit to loosen it, stretches his arm, and then rubs his left wrist again.
“I’m not sure if… look, a few years ago I injected myself with nanites that now hold the suit inside of me. Parts of those nanites are also in my bloodstream. I just… I can’t risk Peter’s powers shifting because of that.”
It’s not shouted, nor actually spoken. It’s almost as if it’s coming straight from his head. Tony looks around for a bit, seeing nothing other than stars. He reaches out a hand, and much to his surprise he can actually take one of these stars between his fingers.
Wade shrugged and followed her through a blurred glass door with a big wooden handle to push it open. It immediately led to a hallway with an old elevator to the right and the stairs in front of them. Yaël pressed the button to summon the car and waited.
She puts her hand on a white door with a small window on it. It’s dark on the other side of the room, and it seems like the only way to get in is by bypassing the security system. Tony tries to concentrate on the technology around him but he finds it’s rather hard to do so. Even when he reaches out his hand, the connection just isn’t as strong in this time as it is in his own.
Their smiles disappear after that. They give the kid a long stare before Steve opens his mouth again at last.
“Should I leave you two alone or…?” the righteous voice of Captain America suddenly says from behind them. Both Tony and Natasha turn around to find the soldier standing there with his hands on his hips and his eyebrows raised. He’s smirking though, so at least he’s not annoyed.
“I’m not proposing,” Steve quickly clarifies. “But I am making a statement. Because I love you. And I plan on loving you for a long,
“Just drink it already, nurses enough around to fix you up again if the drink would cause some sort of trouble.” Yaël smiled before taking a sip.
But Peter manages. Despite the constant urge to just jump up and crawling up the walls, he stays put at his desk in his room, his computer purposely turned off while he studies as much as he can. Not that he needs it, but it keeps him busy. After all, it’s not like he can just hang out with Ned and Harry at the moment, since they’re both actually in need of studying.
“Oh, fucking shit! What do you want from me? You said I didn’t have to act like a sugar-coated Betty Boob!” She was going to scratch that smirk from his face. Scratch the ‘fun fight’ part.
Wait, somebody’s calling. Who is it? Peter opens his eyes, but he can’t see anything. His lungs are burning, mouth dry, fingers aching from all the struggling. Even his legs have stopped scrambling against the ground.
Then the door closes and Tony is left alone in the bathroom. He rolls his eyes, drops his pants and quickly steps into the gigantic stall where the hot water already meets him. In his annoyance, he makes a face.
“I shouldn’t complain,” he laughs. Then Natasha suddenly punches him in the arm, giving him her murderous eyes. When Steve tries to see what got her so angry all of the sudden, he sees that, outside of the little garden house, a couple of guards start nearing it with their guns raised up. “I, uh, I nee to hang up now, son. I’m actually on a mission right now and I can see multiple guns pointed at me. I’ll talk to you later?”
Before any of them can engage in the attack, a green light surrounds them. Peter looks around him, confused and suddenly scared. What’s happening? What’s Mordo going to do?!
“You brought along a kid as a shield?” Steve asks, not sounding impressed at all. Peter tries not to be too self-conscious when he stands there with his naked chest. This is a terrible idea; Peter knows that he’s muscular – quite much more than he would appear to be, since he’s almost always wearing clothes that are a tad bit too big for him to make him look smaller.
“Where- what happened?” Peter mumbles, barely opening his mouth. It’s May who answers, leaning forward and passing her hand through his hair lovingly.
“No,” Tony says. Ross frowns. The woman next to him drops her tablet on the table and gives him a long look.
“I’m glad I’m alright, too,” Peter admits with a joke. Pepper gives him another smile, and then looks up to Tony.
“What the-!” Peter calls out, but then a burst of wind blows in his face, and the plates fly past above him and smash against the wall. Peter still jumps back, hands at the ready for if he needs to defend himself. He hears something cracking a bit further away, but he doesn’t pay attention, instead listening to his spider-sense and knowing that he needs to jump before the first gunshot is made. He sees the bullet come down on the ground, but he himself is no longer standing on the floor. It’s more out of reflex than anything else, and he knows he should get down immediately, but still he’s sticking onto the wall. From here he can see that the girl is doing what seems like telekinetic to lift up the tiles of the floor and using them as shield. So, she’s one of them, then. Great to know.
Without saying goodbye, Peter jumps off the roof. He figures she might find a way to keep him distracted, and Peter really doesn’t want that. He hears her shout something to him in the background, but he doesn’t hear it. Instead he swings his way back to Stark Tower, making sure that he’s not followed.
“No, I sent her to the hospital. Felicia was hurt.” Peter presses his hand against his brow, pushing through the headache that comes with the tears. “Listen, Steve. I’m not sure I’m going to walk out after this fight; I’m significantly weaker right now, my senses are off, I’m aching all over…”
“What the-?” they both ask at the same time, and then Peter jumps up in the air when the unfinished Lego Death Star falls down on the ground.
“Uh, I’m actually two thousand sixty-three years old, sir… And I’m happy to see you!” Yaël answered, still excited from the sudden rest. There were no flashing lights or chimeras here, nor did she hear permanent buzzing or ringing.
To describe the building is a difficult task. From the outside, it looks like an old, red building, seemingly an apartment-block that doesn’t ask for too much rent. The main floor must be Otto’s living quarters, Tony’s not too sure. It’s the first floor where they’re supposed to be. It’s like a gigantic studio, its walls covered in nothing but windows, and from the ceiling hanging over twenty lights. The table with the drinks and foods is on some sort of stage. A couple of people are already standing there.
After getting some fancy clothes pushed into his arms, the team leaves Peter’s room to give him a bit of privacy. Peter carefully changes, trying not to make wrinkles in the clothes. It’s not a suit, really, but it’s still formal in a way. Peter is at least glad there’s no tie. He gets into the living room and shows his look to the people there. Pepper, especially, seems pleased. She hands him a pair of dark sunglasses (the sun is shining brightly) and gives him a thumb’s up.
“Peter… Tony Stark doesn’t have children,” Gwen adds hastily. “And why wouldn’t it be possible to have your Uncle on the phone?”
When nobody opens, he lets himself in instead. While the house had been extremely crowded when he arrived here at first, now it seems like the entire city of New York has been invited inside. Carefully, Peter digs himself through the crowd, ending up with lots of beer and wine being tipped over on him as he accidentally bumps in against a few people.
“I’ll head to Bruce’s floor, I’m sure he has an extra bed for me. Do you need any help carrying him downstairs?” Hilde points towards Bucky, who is now completely out of the world. Natasha gives him a long look before shaking his head.
“YOU GIVE ME MY SON BACK YOU ASSHOLE!” Tony shouts, punching him on the chest. Steve jumps behind him to pull him back, but Tony keeps on struggling. “YOU CAN BRING US BACK SO JUST DO IT SO I CAN KEEP HIM SAFE DAMN IT!”
Eventually, the last strand holding on gives up as well. With a shout, Peter finds himself sucked into a portal made of bright light. And at first he feels something warm over him, but after that, it’s only dark.
“Please, FRI, I really need his help,” Peter urges on. FRIDAY doesn’t answer, but on the screen in front of him he can see that she’s dialed down the number. Peter grabs a few of his father’s tools and gets to work in search for anything remaining of the technology.
Sending the message, Peter once again doesn’t expect an answer. He’s pretty sure the number has been disconnected, after all; it would have been the wisest thing to do.
Giving Ross a playful smirk, he knows he’s gotten himself out of this one for now. Keeping eye-contact with the former General, Tony waits until the chopper is back into the rainy sky before relaxing completely. Pulling the mitella off, Tony counts down ten more seconds before taking a deep breath.
Everybody seems happy. There’s smiles and laughs. But Peter knows it’s not completely true. Not yet, at least. So Peter hurries to the bar, orders two non-alcoholic drinks, and brings them to Tony, who looks at him with a confused look.
He’s once again interrupted, this time not because of Peter. It’s more the low, Tuba-like sound that does it.
“Nah, the owner knows that I’d leave if he fired Parker, since I made a special request for that kid.”
better than the other days, though that only barely showed with Peter getting out of his bed willingly this morning – ignoring the fact that it was only to get a glass of water.
Of course he was! She was a complete failure, a being that shouldn’t exist. Or maybe he was laughing. Laughing because he made her think they were equals. They’re clearly not. Maybe he had been laughing all this time for her naivety and dumbness. Yes, of course.
“The first one!” Yaël decided to leave Peter’s daddy issues out of the conversation, that was too personal, and Steve had no need for that info.
“How do they work?” Mr Stark asks, putting one of the watches around his wrist while giving it another short look. Then, without giving Peter the chance to answer, he holds out his hand and presses the right button that shoots a few short bursts of webs.
Until someone knocked on the door. Charles tenderly wiped away her tears and waited for her to turn around before he disappeared. But as soon as she opened the door, Steve picked her up from the floor after which she immediately started screaming into his shoulder. All the pain she felt streamed out while the man held her firmly, so she knew he wouldn’t let go until she was ready.
“No! Only this smoothie U gave me,” Tony counters. “Though it’s entirely possible he might have thrown something like an energy-drink inside of it.”
This was the thing that she didn’t understand; sometimes she could do a few things using air and sometimes it didn’t work out at all. That part of her power wasn’t reliable at all. She kept staring at the brush angrily.
“Okay, uh, good. I don’t think I’m mentally ready for that,” Tony admits nervously. “Ned, you’re staying here for dinner?”
“I just hit her with the biggest lightning blast in the history of lighting, it did nothing!” Thor countered.
Tony saw right through it, but he decided not to mention it. He started getting up, tapping Steve on his good shoulder twice before pointing at the door.
Peter has asked Tony if it’s expected of him to sign the accords as well. All Tony did was huff and give a vague, cryptic answer.
“Yes, it is, but the thing is…I believe there’s still a piece of my friend in that creature.” Yaël bit her lip and nibbled a bit on it. So he killed Gwen, but Peter had still hope for the guy. Maybe Peter was just desperate, maybe he was hoping that he didn’t lose both Gwen and Harry…Or maybe he was right, and there was still some Harry left in the Goblin.
“Darling, you have no idea what’s possible,” Hela answered right before the thing crumbled in her hand. She looked at them dangerously. Oh, she was so going to kill them. Yaël stood up and stared over the rock so she could see, still hiding herself as good as possible. Maybe she could freeze the woman, a surprise attack could work out, right? Not that she wanted to help Loki, but something was off with this woman.
“It’s a good thing FRIDAY gave you all of those codes,” Mr. Stark says without looking at Peter. Instead, the man is inspecting the infusion pump and the monitor that keeps on making noise.
The mission had went smoothly at first. Sure, he could have lived with Natasha suggesting him asking out the nurse across the hall as his only worry of the day, but things became rough rather quickly when he found out that, once again, Fury had been lying.
“Iron Man, I’ve been invited by Captain Rogers to join the Avengers Initiative,” Tony says, holding out his hand to greet her. He wonders if this version of Sharon also hates him?
Peter often had her in his vision, camera ready to take a shot; but he never took it. He was a lot of things, but not a creep.
“Hey, if you get there, tell Pepper Potts I said ‘hi’! If she’s not with Stark anymore, it means I have another chance with her!” Wade calls out, standing in the lake with the water coming up to his hips. Yaël gives Wade a confused look, but all Peter can do is raise an eyebrow at him.
“Is it possible that something here is preventing Mary from knowing it in the past?” Steve asks a bit more controlled. Tony nods in affirmation to that question.
!” Yaël looked up confusedly. But within a split second, the device in her neck send an electric shock through her whole body, making her fall into the dirt again.
Coming across a certain Wakandan Prince carrying a bound Helmut Zemo back to his own aircraft, they came to an understanding. Tony would take the quinjet, and T’Challa promised to take Steve and Barnes along with them. At least that way Tony knew that Steve would safely find his way out.)
There’s more movement, but Tony’s mind seems to clear at least slightly when he’s lying down on the ground, Steve sitting on top of him. At first, he’s confused as to how he got here in this position. Barnes lying down on the ground, metal arm missing… it explains a bit.
“Wait, what?” Peter asks out loud. Wanda pulls him inside her room then, closing the door behind them and pressing him against the wall with her hand on his mouth. She’s signing for him to keep quiet as sudden footsteps come up from behind the door. Huh, so she knew somebody was coming?
“I don’t know,” he returns. Steve squeezes his hand. Meanwhile, Peter takes another curious step forward to get a better look of the four robotic arms that are apparently now linked into Otto’s mind. When he manages to lift them all up with just a thought, everybody lets out a relieved sigh, looking impressed by what he’s just achieved. Despite that, Tony still feels uneasy about it.
“Grays,” another guy says, holding his hand up. “On rare occasions do we feel attraction, but even if we do we don’t always act on them. It’s more at random rather than having to form a sexual bond.”
“Take the stairs down, then go through the large door. That, or you can go through the hole in the wall before we close it again?”
“Heading out, young man?” Mr. Li asks, his voice friendly as always. Miles wouldn’t be able to pin an age on him, though if he has to guess he’ll say Mr. Li is in his late thirties, early forties. He has jet black hair and large brown eyes. Whenever he smiles, it’s like he’s capable of calming down the entire room.
Peter stays silent. He can’t help but feel so extremely guilty over it. Quietly, he looks back up at Mantis, who seems to understand completely what’s going on. Peter scrapes his throat.
All caught up with his tv-show, Peter slaps his laptop shut and lets out a long sigh. He needs to do something
They drink on it. And then they drink some more. And even more. They drink when one of those art-students appears on the party just as drunk as them, catching Johnny’s attention almost immediately. They drink when somebody suggests they play some weird drinking-game where people confess to everything they’ve ever (or never?) done. They drink when Flash appear, probably even more drunk than they are.
“Oh, is little Tonyboo sad because his honeybunch has to leave without him?” he jokes. Sam and Barnes snort at that. Wanda, too, lets out a giggle.
“Will do, Stark,” Sam says with a wink before nodding towards the Quinjet. “C’mon, the bosses want us in Paris in record time.”
Felicia’s familiar voice says through the other side of the line. Peter rubs his eyes, only wishing for one moment that this girl wouldn’t be trying so hard to be his friend.
Peter clears his throat again. He figures he can’t really tell her much as Peter Parker. He’d have better luck getting into a conversation with her as Spider-Man after all.
“No, you’re on Sakaar now and your purpose now is being a source of painful amusement to the Grandmaster.”
“Ever so good with words, Rogers,” Tony teases him. Without looking, he reaches out with his hand until he’s touching Steve’s cheek. Then he strokes it shortly before getting the hand back on the wheel. Steve stops him midway, grabbing Tony’s hand and holding on to it as if it’s a lifeline.
“Yeah, it was a bit of a tough night for him,” Tony jokes, but Peter catches something in his voice. He sounds off, a bit distant. Please, don’t say there’s something wrong between them, again? “Painkiller’s not working, so he’ll have to fight this one off the hard way.”
“But he might be dying!” Steve counters. T’Challa then puts his hand on Steve’s shoulder, gently shaking him.
“At first you were a mission,” she admits. “I knew you were Stark’s son, and that you were Spider-Man. I needed the tech, needed the money that was promised me for it. But I never meant to actually fall for you.”
Tony stays silent, which he figures should be answer enough. Of course it hurts, but not as much as it did before. Back then, it had nearly been agony to let out the suit. Now, it’s easier, just a little sting like having a couple of needles pressed into his skin at the same time. He shouldn’t complain too much about it.
Tony blinked owlishly at him, then walked over to the dun-colored loveseat and flopped down, leaning his elbows against his knees and cradling his head in his hands. He didn't realize he was rocking back and forth until his knee hit the edge of the coffee table, making the textbook bounce hard enough to flip over a page.
“Steve’s been teaching me to drive,” Tony explained at Jarvis’s look. “I—I asked.  We started out playing Driving Mr. Rogers around the mall parking lot, but we did, eventually, graduate to actual road conditions. Not exactly Formula One in the sedan of Happy’s, but, still.  I don’t think Steve’s exactly crazy about the idea, and, quite frankly, he’s been a bit of a drama queen during our lessons.  Got his panties in such a twist when I, maybe, kind of, sort of, might have cut some eighteen-wheeler off—other guy’s fault!” Tony said quickly, slashing a hand in front of his face.  “Broke the oh-shit-handle clear off the roof of the car, though.  I don’t think Steve has much of a stomach for white-knuckling it, to tell you the truth.  Then…this,” Tony finished, tossing a hand out towards the coupe.  “Just showed up one day.”
He stared at the door, willing it to open.  He wasn't sure how long his pissing contest with time went on, but Steve finally poked his head in, looking tired and worn, but smiled wanly in greeting.  Tony rose from the sofa and smiled back, walking over to where Steve was setting down the shield and removing his gloves.  He turned when Tony approached, and reached out to pull him close, holding Tony tight against his chest.  Tony felt the faint brush of lips across the top of his head, and let himself relax into the embrace, breathing in the warm air that clouded between them, and for the first time in memory, felt utterly free.
“Clint,” Steve supplied.  “Sure. We can invite Clint and Laura. Maybe they’d come down?  Be great to see the kids.”
“Still going to retire?  Thought you and Weinberger got along? That’s who it’s going to be, right?” Howard asked, taking a long sip from his glass and swishing it around in his mouth for a moment before swallowing it down.  Steve had seen Tony do the same thing and wondered if he even realized who he was mimicking.  Probably not, Steve thought.
“Ah,” the man began, wiping a hand over his mouth and looking somewhat abashed by the comparison. “I did not mean it as he did, Steve.  It was not intended as a criticism. In fact, you are, without a doubt, the most interesting person I have had the pleasure of meeting in a very long time. A very long time, indeed. Now. Home with you, young Master Rogers,” the man finished, his voice mildly scolding.
“Ran out of things I wanted to tell you about,” Steve said, swallowing heavily and looking away, making Tony wonder about all the things that soldiers don’t write home about, those times when the veil is thin and you can’t really put it to words on paper.  “Then, got my arm messed up.  Couldn’t write much of anything.  Learned to use my left a bit, but,” Steve shrugged. “What was I going to say?  What am I going to say now?  That’s the problem, Tony.  We’re fine when we’re sitting here reminiscing.  But, come on, that’s—that’s only going to last so long before we get tired of that.  What are we going to talk about then?”
“This is our chance,” Howard told him, leaning in close to Tony’s ear.  He could smell the sweet port on Howard’s breath, familiar and repulsive at the same time.  “We need this, Tony.  You don’t know how close we are to losing everything.  This?  This could keep us in the government’s good graces for decades.  Ha!” Howard chortled.  “Decades,” he said with a shake of his head.  “This kind of opportunity…you have no idea.  Rogers.  Unbelieveable.”
“Steve, he’s…I know I said nice, but nice.  Like, just…good, I guess,” Tony began, then flattened his mouth at the simplicity of the words.  “God, I know how that sounds, but…it’s different. With him.  It
Steve nodded again. Of course, he didn’t want to be a distraction. Hadn’t he promised earlier that he wouldn’t keep Tony from his letters?  He thought so. It wouldn’t be so difficult, just to touch himself. He could do that. He could be good while Tony worked.
“That’s it, that’s it,” Tony breathed out, hands coming up to wrap around Steve’s neck, fingers winding through the hair on the back of his head. Tony pulled Steve’s head down, licking into Steve’s mouth chasing the groan that came with the sudden shift of position as Steve seated himself fully, deeply inside of Tony.  He could feel Tony’s body shaking and clenching around him, Tony’s still-hard cock leaking between their stomachs.  He pushed himself up on his arms, bracing them on either side of Tony’s head, keeping his mouth pressed to Tony’s.
“I’ll pass,” Tony replied, flattening his mouth and trying to frown, though it wouldn’t quite hold.  Steve was entirely too excited about his stupid free slushie.  Should’ve taken him to a 7/11 instead of Gucci, Tony thought, shaking his head.  “Ready to head back?” Tony asked as Steve approached, slushie in hand.  “I can call Happy.  Have him pick us up.  Or, I guess, we could walk a bit while you regret your life choices,” Tony offered with a nod at the drink.  “Would serve you right, since I’m pretty sure this whole thing had ‘set up’ written all over it.”
“But…you could have anyone,” Tony pointed out. Reasonably, he thought.  “You don’t even…I thought, maybe.  Because of the thing,” Tony said, waving a hand in the air by his head.  “But, MIT. Which is great.  It is.  Really, it’s…great,” he went on, voice quavering. “We don’t…we don’t need to talk about that right now, I mean…you should be resting or…something.”
Heat, a real Heat, was nothing like that, as he’d learned last month when his body finally decided it was ready to kill him slowly and painfully for a few days because of one tiny little, utterly useless quirk of genetics.  Fucking fuck, that had been awful.  Hell, he’d have taken Obie and his creepy old man dick by the second day if he could’ve gotten it, but, instead, he’d been given a case of Powerade, some protein bars, a bathtub filled with cool water and a few anatomically questionable toys.  Most of the worst of it was a hazy cycle of pain and need that, thankfully, he could barely remember, except nothing had been enough, no matter what he did, and fuck, he’d tried everything he could to find whatever it was his body demanded, but nothing worked.  Everything he’d tried left him in a frustrated state of over-simulation, chasing a release that he couldn’t quite find no matter how many times he came, until he was empty and open and sore as fuck.  It was never enough.
With that, Tony leaned down and kissed Steve again.  This kiss was different than the ones before.  Almost chaste, and yet more intimate than anything Steve had ever felt.  I belong to him and him to me, Steve chanted as Tony’s lips left him.  Maybe it was only for this night, but Steve wasn’t so sure.  Something brought them together, after all, though he knew not which higher power might have a hand in such as this.  Still, he thought, as Tony covered him, his mouth moving along Steve’s jaw, his hands lifting Steve’s knees and splaying Steve’s legs, still, something was at work here, he believed that to be true as much as he had ever believed in anything.  If this was ritual, then it had power, and if wine could become blood, then blood could become bond. He had to believe that.
“Up with you, then,” Tony urged.  Steve stood.  It was harder to do than it should have been.  The muscles of his legs trembled. Tony wrapped the towel around his waist and got one arm under Steve’s shoulder to help him out of the tub.  His toes curled into the rug as he stepped out.  Tony grinned at him. “Bed,” he added with a slight nod towards the waiting bed.
Maybe there was something beyond, though.  Maybe.  Look through the viewer, he told himself firmly, sucking in a shuddering breath that rattled around in his throat.
Almost two weeks had passed since Tony’s Best Day Ever, and his semi-disastrous attempt to kiss Steve and basically fuck everything up.  Or, The Event, Tony mentally corrected.  At some point along the way, he’d decided it was easier to think of it as some fixed point in time instead of an actual action.  Probably how the dinosaurs would’ve eventually come to view that lovely meteor shower.  You know, had they survived.  Lucky, extinct bastards, Tony thought with a wry twist of his mouth.
“I know, is a very special snowflake, and you want him to stop making paintings like he went to art school in the Upside Down.  Believe me, so do I,” Tony said.  “He’s better, though, right?  I mean, since we…since.  You know.  Since me.”
Loving Steve was safe, that was the thing. It always had been, a cocoon from the world since he was a child flipping through comics and telling himself that it was okay if his parents couldn’t love him completely because Captain America could do anything, after all, even that. That had been enough for a child to cling to, certainty giving way to resentfulness only as the march of time left him little choice in the matter. The comics were packed away, the posters carefully rolled and stored, the movie reels…well. If those still needed to stand between him and other, far more terrible choices, then he was going to occasionally allow himself that much.
“SHIELD’s working with Hammer Industries on something kind of like what you’re talking about.  Exoskeleton armor.  Very early stages,” Steve mentioned from behind him.  Casually.  The way Steve mentioned these things.  These things that he knew would interest Tony.
“No,” Tony answered, dull and emotionless, like it had all been scraped out of him. Maybe it had. Maybe it was sitting in a drawer in the Tower or in a box or somewhere that was just
, being real.  Or close to real. Steve still wasn’t sure.  But, it felt right, and that was all he had, and more than he’d had in a very long time.  Steve’s eyes dropped to Tony’s lips, then lower, gaze roving over Tony’s lean frame, down to the place where his untucked shirt batted around in the wind, that patch of skin tantalizingly just right there, like it was waiting for Steve’s hand.  He wondered what it would feel like to touch Tony like that, just for the two of them, no performing, no pretending, just because they both wanted it.
Steve was quiet for a long moment, staring at the blank TV screen before twisting on the sofa to look at Tony.  “What are we talking about here, Tony?” Steve asked in a carefully neutral tone.
Stop, Tony told himself firmly.  He didn’t even want anything from the stupid catalog.  Definitely not that thing on page twenty-two.
“I know, Bruce.  You went over all of this,” Steve replied.  “It’ll be fine. Bruce,” Steve said sharply, catching the other man’s attention.  “I grew up in New York City in the thirties and then went off to war in Europe with a bunch of twenty-year old guys away from home the first time.  Believe it or not, sex came up a time or two.  I think I can handle whatever fantasy Tony’s mind can come up with.”
“We’re snowed in,” Tony pointed out, looking up at Steve through his lashes.  He picked up the dog tags, holding them for a moment between two fingers, hovering over Steve’s chest.  With a slight flick of his hand, he took them between his lips, almost like a kiss.  A coppery metal taste filled his mouth.  His breath hitched, caught.  Steve’s eyes had gone dark, pupils blown wide.  His mouth was slightly parted, breaths coming in shallow pants. Tony watched his tongue trace the seam of his lips along the same spot where the dog tags sat curled against Tony’s own tongue.  Tony dropped them, watched Steve’s eyes track the movement.  He could feel Steve’s cock straining into his belly.  A fresh rush of warm slick leak out of his hole as it loosened.  “Nowhere to go.  Stuck in here.  Just the two of us,” Tony said, clucking his tongue around the words and still tasting the tang of metal on his tongue.
Steve wiped himself down afterwards, then studied his wardrobe choices with a slight frown.  He finally settled on a length of dual circular chains with a cascade of golden strands dripping from the front and back that wrapped across one shoulder and under his arm.  Around his waist, he tied a simple golden sash, then looked appraisingly over his reflection in the tall looking glass that leaned against the wall next to the bed.
“Exactly,” Tony agreed, then caught himself frowning and rolled his eyes at Jarvis.  “Fine, so maybe I was a bit jealous.  A tiny bit.  A tad.  Speck.  Molecule of jealousy.”
“Do you understand better what I meant about punishment?” Tony questioned, raising his eyes to Steve’s.  “I won’t tell you that there is never pain, but punishment, when properly administered, can bring you to pleasure in a different way.”
It was much as he remembered, he thought, still holding some sort of unearthly quality, like it was just a shade too beautiful to be entirely real.  His Mom used to say there were doors between worlds, and it had always struck him that, if that were true, this must be one of them, if only because the calm, shallow waters had always offered an escape to legs and arms that couldn’t swim and a boy who could barely breathe.  He remembered telling Stephen this, expecting the magician to laugh, but he had only given Steve a long, assessing look, and said that doors open both ways, something that had sent gooseflesh rising on Steve’s arms at the time.  Steve kicked off his shoes, pulled his tunic over his head, stripped off his pants and splashed into the cool water.
“I want to go,” Steve said, drawing Tony’s gaze to his.  He could see Tony visibly relax, face going soft, nodding and tapping at the table, the way he did when he didn’t want to speak whatever was in his head, but couldn’t quite contain the—the
“No!” Tony nearly shouted.  A creeping, shaking panic was slowly working its way up his spine.  He knew he was overreacting, but he couldn’t have explained why to save his life.  He just…didn’t want Steve to walk away.  Not right now.  Not yet.  Give me a little more, he thought urgently.  Just a little.  Something.  “I mean.  I mean, I’m not tired.  Kind of keyed up, I guess. With everything.  I was going to—“ his eyes darted over to the deck, landing on his telescope.  “If you want, I could—I have a, a speaker thing for my phone.  I’ve got some music.  I could hook it up.  If you wanted,” Tony offered, then instantly regretted the opening for rejection as soon as he recognized it. “Or—or not.  You’re probably tired. It is late, like you said.  We should just go to bed.  Some other time, right?”
Slowly, Steve opened his eyes, turning his head a little to find Tony sitting on the bed next to him.  That was nice. He wondered, distantly, how long Tony had been there. How much time had passed since he started this.  He had no answer. It didn’t seem to matter.
“Look,” she began, waving off the question.  “I don’t know why these people are up in arms.  I mean, you both wanted the divorce, right?  You said your father paid him some kind of alimony settlement, so it isn’t like he can claim fraud or anything.  No court is going to let a filing error suddenly give him rights to anything you’ve built, Tony.  Why not just go down there yourself, talk to the guy, explain what happened and be done with this?”
“Sure. Not everyone, of course, but some people, yeah. They say it’s more common for those with high stress careers, go figure,” Tony said with a low laugh. “I’ve been a few times myself. Not for a while, but… sometimes, it helps. When nothing else does,” he continued. “You seem like a guy who might need to, ah. Experience that kind of, I don’t know, is relief the right word? Probably not. Anyway, doesn’t matter. Point is, you get to let go, and I’m betting you don’t let yourself do that very much. But, you know, safe, sane, consensual, et cetera. Just a thought. Like I said, if I misread, apologies. Shred that, and keep on with the,” he waved a hand in the air towards the punching bag, then let it fall to the back of his head where he rumpled his hair in what Steve recognized as a nervous gesture, “whatever’s working for you.”
“Jane, you know Nat and Bucky.  This is Sam Wilson, one of the counselors at the VA.  And Colonel James Rhodes, Air Force.  And—and Tony Stark,” Steve finished, gesturing somewhat lamely towards where Tony had an elbow propped up on the arm of loveseat.
“Yes, well,” Tony admitted with a shake of his head. “It really will be fine. I would hardly risk you and Cam, let alone Rhodey and the others, did I not think it safe. It is only two nights. We will be back behind the Gate before you know it. Would have been faster, but I must meet with the Ul tonight. It would be rude not to, much as I would like to avoid him.”
“Huh,” the man said.  “You could do better.  A lot better, in fact.”  Steve looked down at him and felt a blush cover his cheeks. This man knew.  He knew what Steve was doing here tonight and what he’d be doing later tonight.  Somehow, that made everything more real than it had been since he’d stepped out of the cab at the address the agency had provided.  He swallowed heavily, throat suddenly dry.  He needed to get out of here. This wasn’t going to work.  He could see it clearly now.  His client was going to want, no expect, to touch him and do things and Steve was probably going to vomit all over his very expensive rug and get thrown out. This was so not a good idea.  But what other options were there?  Not like he hadn’t explored other possibilities, but the list of jobs that paid this well for someone with his skills generally consisted of 1) escort or 2) porn.  With porn, he figured there would be a record of it and that would be worse somehow.  Now, he wasn’t so sure that was actually a line of demarcation.
“Leave him alone, you two,” Whitney scolded.  “Look, he’s blushing!  How precious is that?  Now, stop.  You’ll chase him away.”
“No, I mean it.  Really, it does.  Well,” Steve amended almost apologetically.  “Okay, your clean energy project—I read in the paper you were here looking at property out in the desert for it--the kind of power you’re talking about generating…you have to know that most of that can be weaponized, even if it isn’t by you,” Steve pointed out.
“Sorry,” Bruce said. “So, this is a 4D ultrasound. No surprise, only the best,” Bruce continued with a slight grin. “You should get a good image,” he promised as he began to maneuver the wand around Steve’s stomach. “Okay, seriously, you’re going to have to stop that,” Bruce objected after a moment, glaring at Tony from where he sat on the stool next to the exam table while Tony looked at him blankly. “Look, I have to touch him with the transducer to do exam, so you’re going to have to stop hitting my hand away, okay? Please?”
Steve watched the two of them long enough to see the woman reach up and gently stroke the man’s cheek in a way that made something in Steve’s chest twist painfully, then he turned and headed for the door without looking back. He didn’t go directly back to the Tower. They were probably getting ready for the party, but if he went back right away, he had no idea how he would manage to be in the same room as Tony, let alone talk to him. Instead, he drove his bike aimlessly around the city for a while, until the sun went down and the lights came on, using the time to try to clear his head and think about what he wanted to say to Tony. Not just about what happened in the room, though he supposed he had to fess up to that in case someone did figure out who he was, but about everything.
He definitely felt it that time.  A slight squeeze of his hand, just the barest press of Steve’s fingers against his, but it was something, then it was something more, as Steve moved his other hand, jerkily grabbing at the wires and leads that flowed in and out of various parts of his body.  Two of the electrodes attached ot his chest popped free, and the IV pole tipped forward before settling back on its wheels again as Tony reached for Steve’s other hand.
“Tony.  Please,” Steve managed, though he could not possibly have said what, exactly, he wanted Tony to do.  Tony didn’t seem to mind his lack of direction.  In fact, his smile widened, almost tauntingly, and he wet his lips again, then took Steve’s cock in hand, just holding it like that, the lack of friction or movement agonizing in some fantastic way that Steve could not understand.
“Well, that hardly seems fair, but, hey, if loud noises, shouting and threats to leave do it for you, you could just, you know, date,” the man drawled, making Steve frown with confusion until his brain caught up.
“I stand corrected,” Steve agreed, canting his head to one side as he looked Tony up and down.  “You’re beautiful, Tony.”
“You’ve got this whole Demi-Moore-rolling-around-on-money fantasy going, don’t you? Please,” Rhodey cut in, holding up a hand.  “Do not elaborate. Poetic, really, since throwing money at him is how this whole thing got started,” Rhodey said.
Anto held out his hand, and Steve dropped the blade into it, then quickly stuck out his other hand and held something else out to Anto.  Anto stared at it, confused as to what he was seeing. It was the bone from the discarded splint he had made. Except it wasn’t. Not anymore.  It was something else now.
“Why not just…shut it off?” Steve asked.  “Why this?  Help me understand why you think this is the only way, because, Bruce, even if you’re right, I’m not so sure I’m the one who…I just don’t know if it’s a good idea. For it to be me.”
Steve turned and peered down at Tony.  Tony shrugged. “Just a little personal protection device I’ve been fooling around with.  What?  You really want to stand there and tell me I can’t have a secret hobby?”
“Oh, I am definitely not complaining there, Stroker Ace,” Tony said.  “In fact, I am somewhat concerned about how turned on I am by this. Now, come on, deal me in,” he grinned, giving Steve an exaggerated come-hither look.
“Maybe not.  I’m pretty good at killing.  I wanted to hurt you, though. God, did I want to see you hurt for him. For choosing him.  I wanted that so much,” Tony admitted.  “And now, see, now, there’s the two of you here in this photo.  I don’t know where it’s from.  It doesn’t say, and there’s no date, but it’s the two of you, and you’re boys.  You’re just…boys. Half my age, if that.  And there are bodies in the tree, Steve, and one of them.  One is small. Tiny, really.  You and Barnes, you’re right there, and you’re both just staring at it, and your faces are blank, Steve.  Just blank.  And now—now, I have this, all of this, and I—God, I have no idea what to do with this.  I want to unsee it, but I can’t.  You can’t.  Maybe he can’t, I don’t know.”
He would never see Tony’s machine work.  He would never discover whether the suggestions he might give on the morrow came to fruition.  The painting he could already see in his mind’s eye, of Tony at his worktable with a roll of parchment spread out in front of him and a soldering iron in a thick-gloved hand, the one that he knew Tony would like, above all the other, finer ones he owned, the one that would make his eyes go liquid soft and narrow at the corners, that painting would never be finished.  A strange, disconcerting sense that he would be unfinished in some way, too, ran through his mind, leaving him unbalanced, as if leaning too far forward, that singular moment of fear and adrenaline before you catch yourself from falling.
“That’s—that’s really great of you to offer, Tony, but I know how busy you must be, between the company and everything you’re doing for the team.  I can probably find whatever explanations I need from JARVIS though, right?” Steve asked, his brow creasing a bit as his eyebrows drew together in question.
Tony stared at Steve with the slowly forming horror of understanding.  In his head, he saw swirls of dark blues and greens that looked like nightmares.  Water, he thought.  Cold, dark water.  Ice.  Six months. God, Steve, Tony’s chest clenched.
“I…I know someone.  A boy.  Cam. He shares a room with me at Zola’s,” Steve said, watching the King’s back carefully.  “He has very small hands.  Steady. Careful.  I’m sure he could…help with…your project, but, he was sent to Lord Stane’s tonight.  For a party.  If you sent for him,” Steve continued, the words falling slowly, carefully from his lips.  His heart was racing, pounding so loudly, he was surprised the King couldn’t hear it.  “If you sent for him, I’m sure he could help.”
“You switched banks,” Tony repeated, trying out the sounds that those letters made when you put them together like that. “Sorry. I know. I'm just—I'm trying. I'm. Honestly, I don't know what I am. You switched banks.”
“Tony,” Steve beseeched.  “Please.  Don’t do this.  I know you are angry, but—” he stopped.  Felt his neck stiffen.  A part of him wanted to beg Tony to listen to him.  A part of him thought that would work, too, though it wasn’t strategy, not really.  He wouldn’t, though.  Not for this.  Not to be
“People who have a public are not the public,” Steve countered, nodding towards the pack of teenage boys taking turns leaning in to take a selfie with Tony in the background.  They stepped off the bus a few feet from a large, gray-sided building with a slanted roof and the name of a pharmaceutical company spelled out in blocky letters on the side.
There was a hint of mint from that toothpaste Steve favored making him think of stolen moments in hallways when Tony was between classes and Steve was supposed to be working, and he wondered if Steve could taste the coffee and sugar and was thinking the same, all teeth and spit and noses and absolute wonder that anything had ever been so good. It was like some idealized fantasy of a memory, too good to be quite real, but it was, Steve was here, holding him, kissing him, body moving instinctively against Tony's like it knew all the steps to this dance by heart.
Steve had once heard Tony say that the Guggenheim contained “art stuff,” so he wasn’t sure how to take that.  “Art stuff?”  Steve made it a question.
“When exactly is Tony ever quiet about any of the many, many things he does to annoy me, huh?” Howard asked, shaking his head.  “You wait.  You wait, this whole college thing, I’m telling you, it’s a mistake.  If he can’t keep it in his God-damned pants, the whole company—"
Steve grabbed a couple of plates and walked over, handing them to Tony and Rhodey, then picked up a beer and sat down on the edge of the twin bed.  Tony glanced up at Rhodey, who nodded encouragingly, then went over and started piling food on his plate.
“Hello,” Tony replied.  A part of him wanted to step behind Steve and bury his face in Steve’s back until all this was over.  A bigger part of him wanted to get inside that laboratory Kool-Aid Man-style.  So, there was that.
Joshua was sitting on the corner of the fence post chattering in Tony’s general direction with what Tony assumed was heartfelt agreement.  Steve’s position on this was entirely indefensible.  So indefensible that even the resident rodent population was providing what could only be described as full-throated support.
Steve nodded a bit jerkily, once.  “I should probably go finish up with Fury,” Steve said.  “See if we can help with any of the clean-up.”
Slowly, deliberately, Steve did as he had been told.  He rested his forehead against the cool, pitted stone.  He put his hands up, flat against the wall. Spread his feet apart.  His cock jutted out from between his legs, lifting the chains around it in an obscene fashion.  He could feel the chains slide over the curve of his ass, though the position left the bottom exposed and open.  Arousal curled deep within him. The head of his cock spurted fluid, just at the new position. At knowing what was coming.  At wanting it. Needing it. He should be embarrassed. He was, but…it was good somehow, too.
“Let’s see,” the man hummed, “No restrictions, medical is on file for you both, so the usual safety requirements are waived, and, of course, three chimes and the session stops immediately. Understood?” the man asked.
“See, me and this new lady cadet back in basic, we got together one night, okay?” Bucky began.  “’Cept in basic, you aren’t supposed to be fraternizing in the barracks after lights out, ‘cause they’re not co-ed or anything, right?  So, anyway, I end up in her room for the night, and usually, no worries, just hide in the gear locker during room check, then get back to my barracks by muster, and it’s all good. But, this time, this girl, she got a tad upset with me.  Through no fault of my own.”
“I found myself.  Here.  Once. With you.  Who I was. Who I was supposed to be. I guess, maybe, I thought I could do that again.  That
It hummed, lower this time, sort of gurgling, and Steve felt one of the tentacles wrap around his arm, then slide off, barely a touch, but soothing, somehow.  The contact, he supposed. He couldn’t remember the last time anyone--or anything--had touched him in a gentle-like way. Probably the sawbones who took the bullet out of his shoulder and patted his leg before moving on to the next case.  Wasn’t exactly a lot to choose from there, Steve thought with a deprecating sigh.
…He knew if he saw what Hammer’s words were doing to Steve, he’d go ballistic.  He could not afford to let Steve see that, to reveal that much about how he felt.  Not when he knew that Steve wasn’t really his to begin with, he thought bitterly.  He should have known. And, of course Steve had someone.  Beautiful, wonderful, kind, funny Steve, who let Tony fuck him for money.  That had been enough for Tony, if that was all he could have.  He could pretend that it was something more. That Steve didn’t go home and have this life where Tony was just a job for him, better than some, worse than others, he supposed.  But once he knew…he couldn’t pretend anymore.
He somehow made it sound like Steve had suggested taking up home bomb-making.  Though, to be fair, building homemade bombs might actually interest Tony more.  Why had he gone with fishing, of all things? He could take Tony anywhere, do anything, and his mind selected fishing because...
“Again, I am very sorry to have bothered you, Sir,” Steve added. He meant to go then, he was sure he did, yet he stood where he was, waiting. Waiting for what?  He wasn’t sure. The man’s leave, perhaps, that would be polite, though that wasn’t quite right.
“You’re right.  This is much less ostentatious,” Tony agreed, sitting back in the seat and letting his head fall against the curved headrest.  “Now, we blend,” Tony added, glancing over at Steve, dark eyes sparkling with humor.   Steve found himself smiling in return, a rush of almost giddiness hitting him.  Seven thousand dollars.  It was going to be okay.
.  That was the problem.  He just needed to think.  Not like he hadn’t gotten himself out of impossible situations before.
Surely, Tony could feel it thicken and harden in his hand as Steve’s mind filled with the images Tony’s words presented.  It should embarrass him, his reaction, and it did, in a way, but that was good, too, the shame of it twisting low in his gut, because it was for Tony.  It belonged to Tony, in here, and Steve could just…give it to him, let him take it from him, so it was Tony’s, not Steve’s, that hot, heady humiliation that burned through him at the things Tony said and how his body reacted to them.  Steve lay his head against Tony’s forehead, rolling it there while his body shuddered under Tony’s hand.
“M’fine,” Tony said automatically, then realized his body disagreed with him, muscles stiff from the cold and terrible position protesting as he stretched and tried to stand.
. The image clung there, with claws and teeth, scabbering around for purchase, even though he knew it was okay. It was going to be okay. They won. They lived, all of them, by some miracle he still didn’t quite believe in.
“G’night, Tony,” Steve said again, though his voice sounded rather slurred.  He darted a glance over at Tony, and nearly ran into one of the chairs still left outside his door from the party.
“Recipe for disaster,” Fury was saying.  “Look, Cap, if you don’t want Stark, you want to pick someone else, whatever, we can make that happen. Tony’s young, he’ll find someone--”
I want, Steve wondered to himself.  God, that was a loaded question. His mind flashed to Tony laughing at one of Steve’s stories over dinner, his eyes bright and filled with mirth, and how it felt to talk about something real in the helicopter, something that meant something, and to have someone listen to him. Really listen. It was nice.  Not that Brock didn’t listen. Or that they didn’t talk, because they did. They had, anyway. When they were serving together.  They talked all the time, then.  Mostly about stupid stuff, maybe, but Steve had good memories of long talks while trying to keep the flies at bay and get his pack ordered or his gun free of sand. Just being together, having a unit, a
“Your poster,” Steve clarified.  “I just thought that it should be you, not the suit.  But, I mean, if you want it that way, then that is obviously up to you,” he continued lamely, dipping his head down to stare at the table, because he really didn’t know where this conversation had gotten so off the rails to leave Tony looking like a deer caught in headlights.
“I might have suggested a barbeque.  Stop!” Tony said quickly when Rhodey raised his head.  “I know. It’s February. In New York.  I—seriously, I have a calendar and a map program.  Steve said yes, so shut it.  Speaking of my dearly beloved, I gotta leave in a bit to go meet him.  Thanks for the bus pass, by the way,” he added with a nod at Pepper.
“Surprised you’re not booked solid,” Steve said without thinking, then gnashed his teeth together as he felt the blood rush to his face.
“I’m not answering to SHIELD or Stark, just like Steve!” he mimicked in a slightly high-pitched voice.  “Well,” Steve continued, whooshing the Iron Man plushie around the bear’s head.  “Have you seen Steve lately, Barnes?  Because it would seem that I can get him to do just about anything I want.”
“When is he going to stop this shit?” Barton asked, nodding at Tony. He was a Beta.  He totally did not understand.  Also, he was in the bubble.  Tony had never much liked him, to be honest.  Of all the Avengers, he was easily the most expendable, let’s face it.
“I know,” Steve grinned, “And he—Bucky’d always be there, like he had the Sight or something, pulling me out of trouble whenever I managed to get into it.  Which was often,” Steve admitted with a low chuckle.
“He wanted to talk.  When he got back from the mission.  About the MIT thing, I suppose, but…I could.  Then.  I guess,” Tony said with about as much enthusiasm for the idea as the condemned being fitted for a noose.
“I’ve sent my best trained concubines in droves, Lord Sitwell, with little success.  Perhaps it’s time to try a…different..approach,” Zola said.  “You should avail yourself of our comforts, Lord Sitwell.  I know it has been a long and trying journey,” Zola offered.  “Go on, then, get him inside,” Zola added to the guards, jerking his head over his shoulder towards the building behind him.
“I—I just.  I need to make you happy,” Tony heard himself say against Steve’s chest.  He felt the knuckles scraping up and down his spine stutter a bit, then continue, harder now, more insistent.
“I’ve got all a bunch of their music on my computer.  You should try it.  Bet you’d like it,” Tony offered.  “I can put a few songs on a play list for you, if you wanted.”
“There’s this dinner Friday night, after the Board meeting about the conversion to clean energy, which…well.  Let’s just say we’ll all probably need drinks after that.  They aren’t exactly sold on the idea of moving the company away from weapons.  Anyway, all SI folks.  Well, and Rhodey, but he’s family.  Pepper…she’s great.  Obie.  A few others,” Tony continued.  Steve assumed this was Tony’s way of telling him to skedaddle Friday night.
He wondered if that was awkward for Obie.  Negotiating over Tony.  He hoped it was.  He hoped it was weird and uncomfortable and all the things he’d felt sitting in his mother’s parlor listening to infomercials while she calmly explained that Obie had offered to take him through his first Heat.  A shiver of distaste curled up his spine and settled in his stomach as he remembered the shocked horror he’d felt at hearing that had even been on the table.  Sure, his Heat had been a blindingly unpleasant experience without an Alpha, but, God, Obie?  He’d known the man his whole life.  And he was at least three times Tony’s age.  And he was…he was Obie.  The idea of…well, of doing
Simpler somehow, he thought now, at least in his mind, if not reality, he admitted. Tony would tease and argue and challenge and push and love so fiercely, Steve could almost forget everything that made them different. Tony would certainly have had the Ten Rings rooted out of their caves a lot sooner, Steve thought with a wave of admiration. Had he needed that the way Steve had? Needed to see it, as Bucky had needed to see Stane hang, only to deny himself because Steve had insisted it was too dangerous? Tony hadn’t said it, but there was so much Tony didn’t say, especially when it came to asking for what he really wanted. He wondered now if he had taken something that rightfully belonged to Tony in his rush to find familiar ground, or, as Bucky would argue, to keep Tony at some sort of safe distance from this part of himself. Neither possibility sat well with him, but there wasn’t nothing he could do for it now.
“Of course.  Why not?  You must grow bored, cooped up here all the time, with little more than myself and Cam to entertain you. Not that I do not do my part,” Tony winked and bit his lip, nudging his hip into Steve’s thigh.  “I already know you have a good head for the practicalities of war.  I noticed the improvements you made to my own sketches.  I don’t choose that word lightly, either. It is not flattery to say that not many could manage to do that.  I have who I am assured are the University’s best engineers earning Crown gold and a retinue of generals with enough metal on their chests to start their own armory, yet you…you see things, I don’t know…in a different way.”
“Steve,” Tony groaned, low and hollow, part plea, part warning.    His eyes were hard, something almost brutal in his gaze, watching Steve like he was trying to puzzle out one of his equation that wouldn’t cooperate. Steve wasn’t sure which one of them was closer to breaking apart, maybe both of them, but they held each other together in some way he could only begin to grasp, and this, this thing between them, had never seemed more fragile, like there was a precipice in front of him and he could step off and fall.  He might have already fallen.  Maybe that was the point.
They all posed for pictures. It appeared that half the station was on hand all of a sudden, some of them wandering in with looks of astonishment and weapons drawn, only to find Captain America with his arms around the precinct captain and…was that the Mayor holding a broom and shaking Steve’s hand? Ugh, Tony snorted. Steve ended up signing the fire extinguisher and a piece of the door while Tony rolled his eyes.  Finally, the thumping sound of helicopter blades heralded Coulson’s arrival, and the officers dispersed to start cleaning up and filling out Coulson’s form or whatever.  Tony would be annoyed if Steve’s fame wasn’t so damn useful sometimes.
“I’ll get lunch ready, if you want to start opening the boxes,” Steve suggested with as much enthusiasm as he could muster in the face of Tony’s decided lack of it.  Still, it was
“I do like you, Tony,” Steve heard himself say into the faux darkness without really meaning to.  Thirty-six days.  It had been so damn close.
“I’m tired, so.  Maybe in the morning,” Tony offered half-heartedly, where morning meant absolutely never.
“My head is completely clear,” Tony assured him adamantly. “I mean.  Wait.  Look, what I’m trying to say is that you don’t need to worry.  At all.  At all, at all, at all.  At. All.  Cannot emphasize that enough.  I want this, I do.  I swear.  It isn’t the hormones or the alcohol, it’s you and how this feels, it’s…I don’t know what it’s like for you, but…I…you…I keep having these thoughts run through my head, and they sound like the fucking hormones talking, I know, but it’s all ‘Steve is so brave, Steve is so smart, Steve is so wonderful, Steve this and Steve that’ and it’s fucking annoying, is what it is, but okay, well, maybe it is the hormones a little, but the thing of it is…the thing of it is…these thoughts, they’re all true.  You actually are those ridiculous things my fuzzy, hormone-addled brain thinks about you, and yes, maybe it took the bonding to notice those things about you this quickly, but I would have.  Eventually.  I would have noticed.  But by then, I’d have probably screwed up any chance I had with you by being me, so yay bonding, thanks for the assist,” Tony said, mouth twisting in a mockery of a smile.
“Did their Alphas not vote how their Omegas told them to vote for them?  Because, I’d never…that undermines the whole system,” Steve protested.  “I’d always cast your vote how you wanted, Tony.  It wouldn’t be fair if I…oh.  You said to vote Ellis.”
He felt heavy. Ponderous with bloat. Crammed full of whatever these things were. They jostled slightly if he moved, but the feeling wasn’t unpleasant.  Just odd. Like being overfull with the pressure and push of it against his insides without the discomfort that usually accompanied it. He had, in his life, tried a great many things with his body. Some that were truly...inadvisable, he recalled with a grimace.  Admittedly,
If you are interested, there is a Steve POV for their first meeting from the earlier story in my Thank You Fics.
I am going to provide art therapy to hospitalized children, Steve reminded himself.  He looked up at Kirk, who was giving him a considering look, and Steve’s mind filled with a rush of pictures, like one of those old slide shows dialed up to the fastest speed.  Hands in the dark, chests pressed together, fingers grinding into hips, tangling through hair.  Then, they weren’t hands, they were his hands, his hands there, cupping that soft flesh, and…Steve shook his head to clear it.
“No idea what you mean,” Tony said, miming an exaggerated taken aback look.  “I’ll have you know that I am personally going for the extremely different, I-can-fix-everything-if-I-just-work-hard-enough-and-then-maybe-people-will-like-me look. I think I pull it off,” Tony quipped, then gave Steve a rueful half-smile.
“That is all I ask of you,” Steve said quietly, the words he had been trying to find all the way home falling into place. “Do not let me go. Do not let me go, even when I don’t know how to stay. Promise me that.” He wasn’t sure what he was asking, just trusted Tony to know, to understand what he meant, what he needed.
“I’m glad you think so,” Steve replied, then frowned down at the water.  “There’s so much now.  Maybe there always was. Probably.  But when I was young, it didn’t feel that way.  The world felt small enough to handle and still big enough to wonder at.  And now, it’s...overwhelming sometimes. I guess I’m saying it’s nice to have you sort of filter it for me, all this stuff I--I missed while I was”--
He reached out and picked at a speck of nothing on the plate. Maybe he should put ketchup on the table. Please don't be pissed about the power grid. Have some sugared tomato paste? It could work.
Tony stared at him, aghast, some fleeting emotion dappling his features for a moment.  Steve thought it might have been horror.
“Well,” Tony croaked out, when he could finally make his mouth do more than gape open and closed like a fish.  “That’s one way of putting it.”
“I’ll bet,” Natasha agreed, almost humming the words.  He saw her look down the open ramp again and followed her gaze, but from his vantage could only see snow and dirt and the hint of sky above.
“Thirty-thousand dollars,” she grumbled, nodding slightly. “You don’t have to do this, you know.  There are far easier ways of doing this.  Rhodey, tell him there are perfectly acceptable—normal—ways of handling this.”
“It is an agreement, General Rhodes,” Cam replied delightedly, eying the gold piece.  Rhodes smiled, shook his head and raised his eyebrows in Tony’s direction.
“I’m sorry, Tony.  That’s not what it is supposed to be like,” Steve said after a long pause.  His voice wasn’t quite steady, and Anto could see him struggling to get the words out.  He rubbed his nose up against Steve’s side again. Steve made a humming-huffing sound that Anto liked, and he felt Steve relax slightly against him.  His pace picked up again, and his eyes were on the path in front of them. “For us, sharing Pleasures is an honor to the Mother. It is something She gave to her Children.  It is beautiful and special. A gift. It should feel wonderful. She made Alphas to be able to make Omegas feel good, and sometimes, She will take part of the Alpha’s essence and use it to make a child with the Omega.  The more an Alpha honors Her, the more likely She will choose to use the Alpha’s essence. What you are talking about—there is no honor in what he did to you.”
That had been fun, though.  Arguing with Steve over something so stupid, but both of them committed to their position like they were tasked with holding the ever-changing lines at Iwo Jima.  This suspended state of reality that seemed to exist between them the past few weeks, where they could discuss astrophysics over dinner and shout good-naturedly, but very much determinedly, about fictional plot devices afterwards, was still something of a revelation to Tony.
Steve had perfect hair, too, Tony remembered with a sigh.  Perfect hair, perfect teeth, perfect everything, really.  God, it had been annoying. Though, admittedly, Steve would have
“Of course, Mr. Stark,” the stickman replied and moved Tony’s stack of chips to the center of the table for the boxman to count.  “Shall I just apply your winnings to your account?”  Tony nodded and waved his assent, wanting nothing more than to get out of here.  He dug into his pocket for his phone and called Happy to have the car ready, then grabbed his jacket from across the stool next to him and folded it over his arms so that it hung in front of him.
“It is the most beautiful word I’ve ever heard,” Steve husked out. Tony sucked in a harsh breath that seemed to rattle through him, setting his body in motion.  His head twisted to the side, then back again in jerky, quaking movements, almost like he wanted to deny it, but he kept quiet.  Tony’s hands dropped to the blanket, clenching at it while his body writhed beneath Steve’s, searching for a purchase that eluded him.  “It is—you are everything.  I don’t know how to say it.  It is…just you.  You are everything.  To me.  How could that be anything other than the most beautiful word to say?”
“Sounds like a good plan to me,” Dominic said, hands slapping at his sides like he’d shrugged.  Clearly, not the brains of the outfit, Tony thought, but kept his eyes on the floor and let his hair hide his face.  Luckily, the two of them were too busy freaking out about whoever this bad guy boogeyman was to pay much attention to him, though his muscles were starting to protest at continuing to let his head loll forward and appear to hang limply against his bonds.
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve saw the King reach over to a small pot on the bed that was warming over a low-burning flame and dip his hand into it.  Then, the King moved behind him again and lifted the metal strands up until they gathered at Steve’s waist.  His hands smoothed over the curve of Steve’s ass with soft strokes, before cupping the cheeks and spreading him apart.  Cool air hit his exposed flesh, making him shiver.  He felt a light touch to the rim of his hole and couldn’t help tensing.  He bit his lip and tried to force himself to relax to no avail.
Steve swallowed thickly, throat going dry. His heart was pounding in his ears.  It sounded like a door slamming.
“Ah! Holy shit!” Tony shouted in surprise, backing up without quite realizing what he was doing.  “You talk? You talk now? What the--”
Tony.  Steve did that.  Sometimes. Not all the time.  Not every mission. Far from it, really.  But, sometimes.  Sometimes, when maybe something happened that Steve didn’t like or maybe something happened that Steve liked too much, Tony wasn’t ever quite sure and wasn’t sure he wanted to know, but sometimes, there would be a sort of switch flicked, and Steve would need Tony in this wonderful, deep, perfect way that made Tony’s mind sort of white-out at the all-consuming force of it all, this whirlwind of desperate, aching, primal
He sat back and reached up to rub at his medallion.  The creature mimicked the motion, touching the blue stone necklace it wore, then pointed at Steve with a chuttering, insistent noise that Steve had come to associate with avid curiosity.
“I don’t. I’m fine. Great.  Everything’s great. Ignore him.  He’s just…”  Tony stopped, gaze darting over to Jarvis.  “He worries, okay?  It’s not a big deal.  I’m fine. We’re fine.  You and me.  I mean, I think so.  Aren’t we?”  Tony rattled off, the words jumbling together on his tongue.  “I have my stuff, and you have your…stuff. With SHIELD and…whatever.  All good.  Is there more pasta?” Tony asked, reaching for the bowl while his stomach turned sour at the thought.  It was something to do that wasn’t talking, so tie goes to the pasta.
When they reached the vestibule with the bank of private elevators for the suites, Steve slowed, pulling a little on Tony’s hand.
“I am not sure how I would quantify such an emotional reaction in order to be able to fully answer your query, Sir,” JARVIS replied.
Steve let out a low moan of surrender.  His body quaked with want.  Already, drops of moisture were leaking from the head of his cock onto the King’s hand.  The King stroked him again, spreading the fluid around, then rubbing it into the slit at the head with the rough pad of his thumb.  A stuttering half-cry tore from Steve’s throat and his hips jerked again, pumping uselessly into the air as the King let go of him.
“It was not your fault,” Steve argued, drawing his head down to lean against the curve of Tony’s cheek. He thought that was true.  He wanted it to be true with a blind, groping desperation.  His fists found the front of Tony’s shirt, pulling him closer.  Steve’s body felt light and heavy at the same time, limbs limp and waxen, as if he was melting, his whole being slipping into some soft, warm place.  He didn’t know why. Relief, maybe.  Something else underneath it, though.  Tony.  Tony was here.  Touching him, holding him, calling him by his endearments, as if he mattered.  He felt more real here than he had in so long, though that made no sense.
And then Steve was off, telling Tony about Bucky and his feud with the foreman, Johnson, who had told Bucky to redo some work that was completely fine, better than fine in fact, because Bucky was always outstanding when it came to the work, but Johnson was an ass who liked to see how high he could get people to jump, and how this led to the poor man getting welded shut into a port-o-potty.  Tony was bent over holding his stomach laughing by the time Steve finished.
“Tony liked trying to please me, not that he ever really could.  Oh, he did try, though, I will give him that.  You, though…” Lady Bain said, watching Steve with narrowed eyes.  “I wonder if I asked it of him, if Tony would want to watch while I fucked you?  He was always such a good boy about watching, you know?  So patient, waiting his turn.  I’ll bet he would, hmmm,” she continued, splaying her hand across Steve’s chest.  Steve watched her, almost transfixed by the implications of her words and the images they conjured up in his mind.  “If he was very, very good for me, I might even let him use that pretty mouth of yours while I fuck you.”
It had taken the better part of a month to get everything done, but damn if the thing didn’t hum when he finally closed the casing and pulled up the antenna to its full height.  It worked on the AM frequency, obviously.  He thought he got maybe a mile or so of range, which got him at least off Stark property.  If anyone happened to be toying around with a ham radio set or something, they’d hear him, which was a heady thought, just the idea of it, that he could say something into this thing he’d fixed and someone out there could talk back, someone could hear him, someone new, who would now he existed.  Someone who didn’t know him.  He could be anyone to them.
“It wasn’t your fault, Tony,” Steve told him for the hundredth time, the words ringing just as hollow in Tony’s ears as they had the first time.
“See…Tony’s always been a bit of a…well, let’s call him a flight risk, if you will.  Big ideas!  Oh, it’s great, it’s great, don’t get me wrong.  I mean, I’ve known Tony his whole life.  Brilliant, no doubt,” Stane said, splaying his palms in front of him, trying to suggest an innocence that he could not possibly think he was pulling off.
“My least favorite person on Earth,” Tony muttered through his teeth.  Next to him, he felt Steve stiffen, either at Tony’s words or the intrusion.
“You’ll not catch them that way,” Steve called out, squinting at the scene. A flag bearing Tony’s crest fluttered in the breeze atop a shaded pavilion swathed in bright blue stripes. Cam hovered just at the water’s edge, too fearful to let it cover more than his ankles, but he liked to watch the small crabs carrying their homes on their backs that dotted the rocks along the shore and engage in a never-ending game of trying to catch the silvery fish who darted in and out of the crevices, far too fast for even small hands to capture.  Not that this stopped Cam from trying.
Tony practically sneered the last, which, Steve would realize sometime later, was essentially the equivalent of throwing chum into shark-filled waters.
Tony would rather pull out his own fingernails than watch a romcom with Steve sitting next to him for reasons he wasn’t going to think about, but they made it through the original Star Wars movies, the even-numbered Treks and all the Lord of the Rings without incident, unless you considered the Great Eagle Debate to be an incident, which you couldn’t, really, when Steve was so clearly wrong about that, and it was awesome and magnificent, clearly foreshadowed in The Hobbit, and not some deus ex machina Tolkien cooked up because he couldn’t figure out how to rescue the characters he had a penchant for, okay, fine, somewhat dramatically stranding places.
“I’ve been fine before, too, Tony,” Steve said quietly after a pause.  There was an echo of rueful understanding in his voice that Tony recognized as sympathy’s far less judgmental cousin, empathy.  He didn’t say it was going to be okay or that Tony didn’t need to be embarrassed or ashamed.  He didn’t tell him it was only natural after everything or tell Tony how strong he was for dealing with this.  Which was…honestly, just such a God-damned relief, to not be reminded that he was different, other, transformed into someone whose life this was now.
Tony stared.  His ears closed off, like he had ducked his head underwater.  Everything went quiet.  Everything stopped.  The only sound he could hear was the ticking of his watch.  It was the only indication time was passing, a second, then another, marking off the moments since everything changed line stopping points on a timeline.  Denial was apparently the first moment of interest After Declaration.
“I know---the night before last…that was, well. That was extraordinary, is what it was,” Tony said quickly, then flattened his mouth into a thin line before continuing.  “But, what I mean to say is, that was—that was quite a lot. For you. You’ve been so wound up these past few weeks, I—I know it has been building. It was bound to come to a head.  Though, I did not expect it that night or else I never would have left you, party be damned. I can’t say I was entirely surprised, however. This journey…” he trailed off, frowning and looking away, towards the fireplace where a few embers still crackled.  “It isn’t that I don’t see how difficult all of this is for you. I know it is not easy on you to be a part of this. To accept it. To be…what you must be for everyone else. I know that. I—it is asking a lot of you. Perhaps too much. Perhaps I am being selfish, to insist you join me in this, I don’t know,” he finished, letting his head fall back against the pillow.
“Feels a bit like it is, what with the whole my name literally spelled out on the things that killed those soldiers. Hard to really pawn that one completely off on Obie,” Tony said.
On Stark’s screen, Steve saw Brock make a face down at his phone screen, then look around in confusion. Good, Steve thought with a sense of vicious satisfaction.
“Um…yes.  Please?”  Steve said, laughing.  The shower was amazing.  He didn’t want to leave, but felt it would probably look bad if he spent too much time in here after…well, after.  Stepping out and grabbing a large, incredibly soft towel from the shelf, he dried off and started to reach for his clothes.  Then stopped himself.  Tony liked looking at him, he thought.  Tony liked looking at him a lot.  Tony was probably out in the bedroom now, most likely dressed and waiting for Steve to leave so he could go to bed or do whatever it was that he did at night.  Steve realized that he didn’t want this to be the last time he saw Tony.  He wanted Tony to ask him to come back.  Without letting himself think anymore on it, he wrapped the towel around his hips and picked up his pile of clothes.  Walking out to the bedroom, he put the pile of clothes on the bed and dropped the towel to the floor.  He couldn’t bring himself to look up, but he knew without a doubt Tony was watching him.  He hoped his hands didn’t shake too much as he dressed.  Thankfully, the buttons on his shirt were bigger than the buttons on the dress shirt last night.  He didn’t think he could have managed that.  When he was finished, he headed out the bedroom doors, sparing only a glance about the room as he left. But it was enough.
“Anything else we need to talk about?” Tony asked lightly, grinning lasciviously as he started to press small, grinding bites along Steve’s hipbone, laving each one with his tongue when he was done.
“I am the Master of Woo.  Sweep his stubborn ass off his feet,” Rhodey muttered and plopped his head back down.
“Well, stop them! Look, not to overdramatize, but this is a matter of life and death, Matt. If the government gets its hands on the tech, they’ll weaponize it, you know they will. And that’s the good scenario. You know what I told you about Stane, Pierce and the rest of them,” Tony reminded him.
“No secrets, Raj’Inama.  Do not forget,” she warned, then walked to the steps, where her attendant waited with an outstretched towel.
“Steve,” Bucky said, not completely unkindly but with a firm resolve, in that quiet, serious way that Bucky, for all his frat boy shenanigans, could manage to pull out seemingly at will when it came to Steve.  “You are not dating Tony Stark.  What you are doing is letting him fuck you for money.  That’s it.  Oh, he may play nice for now, sure.  He’s getting all the sex he wants with no strings.  Meanwhile you…you want real.  And this…thing…with Stark is about as far from real as it gets.  How do you think he sees you?  Does he take you out to meet his friends?  Go to any fancy parties lately?  I saw he was at some big bash last Saturday night.  Clint had E on, and there’s Stark, pretty as you please, living it up.  And where were you?  At home, waiting for his car to come get so you could meet him.  After.  After, Steve.  You’re an after.”  Steve felt his shoulders slump and put a hand up to stop Bucky from saying more, because he really, really did not want to have this conversation now, but Bucky, as usual, ignored him.
Brock grabbed for Steve’s hand and pulled him towards the doors.  “A million bucks,” Brock said, shaking his head and laughing up at the night sky, giving it a whoop.  “Can you fucking imagine that?  A million dollars in one night. Just to sleep with Tony Stark.  Bet there’s a fuckton of guys who’d be all over that.  Crazy shit, huh?  Vegas, man.  Fucking Vegas. Can you believe it?”
the mug.  Can’t believe you…thought about…about that. While you were away. The conversation, I mean,” Tony mumbled.  “You didn’t have to.  But, you know. It’s nice.  That you did.”
Tony looked down at the titanium band around his left wrist and felt a blinding surge of hatred for the damn thing. Steve loved him, truly loved him, and nothing was going to take that away. If the universe wouldn’t fight for this, for them, he damn sure would.
“Uh…If you want, there’s a diner down on the corner, right by the bus stop. We could wait there for the next one. Their coffee tastes like warmed over diesel fuel, but it’s hot, and the place is clean. Ish,” Steve amended with a tilt of his head.
“You’d be surprised,” Kirk said, holding Steve’s gaze for a moment as a kind of disquiet flickered over his features, tightening his face almost into a frown, before he suddenly snapped his fingers and pointed at Steve.  “The turtles are artists!  I just got that.”
“Cho’s not sure. So far, he hasn’t woken op. The fact that we don’t know what he injected doesn’t help at all,” another person says.
“No!” Hulk started ramming and smashing onto the demon. “Hulk, stop, you moron!” Thor grumbled loudly.
“Your boy found the eye of Agamotto,” Strange states. Tony gasps; Peter didn’t mess around with the infinity stone, did he?
“Don’t tell me you’re actually idiots, because I might just have to break up with you if you are,” Natasha mutters. “As long as
“So many things have happened today!” she calls out in excitement. “First Steve came to visit, and now my dear Anthony has a son? I couldn’t be happier.”
But Peter… the thought that something would happen to Peter, AGAIN… Tony shudders in the bed. He turns on his back when the clock shows another minute has passed. He should probably continue on the new armor, but he can’t. Just getting out of bed is already the hardest task he can imagine today, so instead he just stays down, looking at the ceiling and resting his hand on his chest. When he catches himself rubbing his scar, he doesn’t even stop himself. After all, who is he hurting with it?
Tony falls quiet, eyes wide and mouth dropped open. He closes it quickly enough, clearing his throat and scratching through his hair.
There are no slow songs, which is at least something. Still, at one point Johnny has his arm draped over Peter’s shoulders again, a bottle between them while Johnny is telling him something he can’t really understand over the loud music.
“Whatever I did, I’m sure I had my reasons,” Tony responds automatically. “Now go and be a pretty-boy somewhere else, Storm.”
“Are you alright?” Lopt’s whisper sounded from afar while he was just standing next to her. After blinking a few times, she noticed a drip of sweat running over her face while she was leaning with her arm against a wall. How long was she already standing there like that?
"They aren't real guns. If you see someone, shoot at them. There won't be an actual shot, but if the lazer comes in contact with the suit it'll be counted along." Then Tony holds up his tablet. "In the end, we'll see who's been shot at the most during this
With soft sobs, Peter turns around, pressing his face against Mr. Stark’s shoulder and feeling all his restraints letting go.
“You can ask, but you might not survive,” Clint says with a wink. Peter laughs, too, for a moment just leaning back and enjoying the company. After another hour, he and Tony say their goodbyes to them. It doesn’t surprise Peter that Tony is very talkative the entire drive home. He tries as much as he can to act normal, but right now all he wants to do is find Pepper and ask her about it.
“Yes, May!” Harry returns, doing exactly what she’s asking. Peter grins back when Harry throws him a big smile. Thanks to the change in his medication scheme, at least the small panic attacks haven’t occurred again. That’s a small relief.
“What are you planning to do?” Yaël jumped, she hadn’t heard Charles coming in. Of course, that man immediately noticed she was thinking about doing something not that smart. Could she tell him the truth? Or would he warn Stark?
“Spider-Man, obviously. Because Spider-Man was the one to find out that Peter Parker is the reason why MJ broke up with Harry,” Peter groans in frustration, his hits suddenly getting stronger. Natasha has to focus hard to avoid them all.
“You stealing stuff is my business. Just as much as those stolen weapons that were supposed to be turned in to SHIELD,” Peter says while pointing towards her utility belt. The girl rolls her eyes.
couldn’t die, Yaël thought as she ran around looking for Peter. Yaël almost fell down as she felt something big fly just over her head, almost touching her. It was a man with giant metal wings, wearing some kind of red goggles. He disappeared in the smoke in front of her. Right, so the fight was in that direction. Yaël ran forward, maybe Peter was there too, maybe she could help. Somewhere, someone grunted and splashed in the water. As soon as Yaël could make out who it was, through the smoke, she started sprinting. Some creepy, shiny person-thing with pointy ears was trying to drown Peter, who was in his Spider-Man suit, in the pond.
“Uh,” Tony mumbles, looking down at his plate. “May said she would do it. She’s been worried sick.” He remembers his call with her, how scared she’d been on the other side of the line. Tony wouldn’t take away her chance to pick him up if it gives her a sense of comfort.
She decided to earn more money by playing the cello on the streets. She was a very… expressive person when she played. She rammed on that thing and sometimes played sweet, but other times aggressive sounding music.
Tony shifts his head to the side slightly, until his lips are pressed against Steve’s. It’s not long, not longer than a second. After that, he’s looking back at his tablet. From what Tony can see, he’s looking over some sort of security footage. He wonders why Tony’s not watching that inside his own mind, but he figures he could ask and only get an explanation that he won’t understand. No, it’s better not to ask.
“You should get some sleep. There’ll be some people who are going to talk with you tomorrow. Of course, Dr. Wynedell has been notified. She’ll be here tomorrow as well.”
“Yes, they should have brought everybody together instead of going door by door,” she agrees. “Reed immediately signed, and so did Ben. Johnny and I didn’t.”
“He’s already seen you do some pretty crazy stuff, Tony. I don’t think Peter is just going to leave you.”
With one hand removed from the steering wheel, Peter lifts Wade’s leg to get his foot off the accelerator, only to move it back onto the brake. Then he breaks open the windows, and starts shooting web around like crazy.
They talk some more about their specialties: there’s the Asgardian beer that’s hitting the market pretty soon, but also some delicious meals that chefs seem to be in love with. While the reportage goes on for a bit, there’s only a few short images showing Thor with Loki. Once or twice does Peter even see Yaël and her baby standing next to the trickster god. She’s been going and coming, agreeing that Raido needs Asgardian culture around him but also not wanting him to miss anything here in New York. Peter wonders what it must be, having a child with a Prince of a newly formed Kingdom.
Mr. Stark? You can just… call him?” Ned asks, ignoring the small stream of blood pouring out of his small headwound. Peter wants to point it out at him, but it’s probably better if he would just bring him to the nurse’s office.
Peter’s eyes grew bigger “No way! You know Nick Fury and Professor X?” First,he spoke a bit louder and faster out of excitement, but then… he started rattling.
“Even so, you can’t leave,” Rhodey clarifies. Tony just snorts and angrily leans back on the bed. He doesn’t like being bedridden. He would rather just sweat it out in the workshop, maybe spend a few nights working there and exhausting himself to sleep. He can’t sleep, not without Steve next to him. It’s too cold, to lonely.
As soon as she run into her room, she slammed the door behind her and locked it. Her breathing went sharply and felt like a state between sobbing and hyperventilating. She ripped the bags open and pulled out a bottle of whiskey. Her hands were shaking so heavily, the liquid dripped out of the bottle as soon as she pulled off the packaging and the cap off.
With a frown, he leans towards opened the FedEx-package, giving it a quick look and seeing that it’s addressed to Tony – taking aside the fact that Steve managed to make his ‘r’ look like an ‘n’ in his haste of writing. There’s an old, black phone inside of it, along with a letter with Tony’s name is written on. Peter frowns. Why is this here?
to help lift his spirits one day at a time. Not to mention the toll it takes on her, seeing as she feels everything Peter does. The first time Mantis had agreed to help Peter, back when the kid was about to fall asleep, she had cried it out, sobbed through tears and reached for her chest as she felt through what Peter felt.
“Wha- how do you know?” Ned asks, and Peter groans when he comes to understand that he can’t take that back. Luckily, others haven’t heard it. The conversation next to them is still going.
“So you’re not here for a social visit, aren’t you? It’s like I barely see you anymore these days Pumpkin,” Tony complains in exaggeration without looking up from his screen. Though with mirrored images, Steve tries to follow along. Once Tony notices, he sits up a bit, carefully moving his leg until it’s in a good position while he’s sitting. Then he allows Steve to look along. Sharon, too, leans above the couch to read with them.
“Stop acting so innocent! You’ve been running away the entire evening and I’m tired of it! Just give it up Venom,” the girl says angrily. Once again, Peter ducks away from her attack, keeping his hands up to indicate that he’s not going to fight back.
I know a lot of people are angry at Steve for not being there. Please, don't be. We won't see his point of view of what is happening since the past few chapters in this story, but once it's ready, we'll get to see more things from his eyes in the timestamp. That includes Steve's multiple attempts at trying to get back to New York, but everybody continuously stopping him. :-) Please, don't hate Steve, he loves everybody and wants nothing more than to be there <3
Peter doesn’t see, but that’s probably because he’s beat and about ready to fall asleep on the spot. He doesn’t say anything about it, either, instead throwing his legs over the side of the bed (carefully) and heading towards the bathroom where he starts up a shower.
“Dad!” Peter calls out, but before he can get an answer from Tony, the suit shoots out a couple of webs towards Hope’s eyes. Then, he jumps up, finding himself grabbing a hold of Tony. He’s standing on his father’s shoulders, hands ready at Tony’s neck. But before the suit can do anything, Tony lets his own armor surround him, throwing him across the room without trouble.
Hela noticed water flowing over the bridge, splashing into the water in which the Hulk was still wrestling with the enormous wolf.
At some point, Charles words faded away. As if she couldn’t hear him anymore, because she could still feel him yell. She felt the vibration of his angry, desperate screaming in her bones, but she didn’t hear him anymore.
it anymore, either. Having lost all control over his body in that time made him realize once more that he only did these things because it was kind of expected of him.
Just when Peter starts to hear the sound of the traffic getting nearer, Iron Man’s metallic arms wrap around him at last. Together they drop a little bit more while slowing down – to lessen the blow – and then the suit starts to fly them back up in the air, speeding all the way until they’re back at the compound where a few other people are watching them land in surprise.
For the entire evening, he’s swarmed by journalists, students working on school projects or volunteers who finally want to meet the son of Tony Stark. And it was scary at first, being in such a big spotlight without wearing a mask, but he figures he’s grown used to it rather quickly.
And Peter finishes the song with a front flip, landing on his back into the puddle of water. Completely out of breath, Peter slowly gets back on his feet while LL and Chrissy run up to him, clearly just as impressed as Steve and Tony seem to feel.
Well, better get this show on the road. With a painful grunt he gets himself off the ground. He hasn’t even soaped himself in, and he already walks out, throwing a towel over himself while giving his reflection in the mirror a look. Surprised by his bruised appearance, he wonders how he’s going to explain this to MJ tomorrow if it doesn’t go away in time.
His shift goes along well enough, going from seven until ten. It’s not much work, but at least it’s a little income he can offer Aunt May.
“Are you going to show me a good time?” she asks, grinning while pulling away a little bit. Peter feels like it’s a bad idea… Or, he’s not sure. Why would it be a bad idea? The Cat is hot, sooooo hot, and she’s here, willing just as much as Peter is.
“It’s disturbing how they just keep on killing that little kid!” Steve remarks. Peter and Tony both roll their eyes at him. Then Peter comes to stand behind him on the couch, knocking him a bit on the head.
Peter goes to stand where Mr. Stark is pointing him to, and then he opens up his arms a little bit, biting his lip as he waits for what’s going to happen next.
“He knows,” she says. And then Peter starts sobbing. Not in sadness, but rather out of joy. Because,
Sadly, the little soundtrack that he put up for himself is already pulled away when he’s suddenly pushed against the lockers by an annoyed Flash Thompson, who doesn’t look like he’s taking well at being ignored like that.
But there aren’t any reports on Strange as a sorcerer. According to the internet, his accident hasn’t happened yet. He’s still a surgeon in the hospital. Has no knowledge of the multiverses and whatever else. Tony’s pretty much stuck…
“Yeah, well, I can see the resemblance,” Bruce says. Then he stands up, dropping his empty cup of tea down on the table. “Now, Dr. Strange, is there anything else you need? Or am I allowed to take my best friend’s son back to his home?”
The door opens, more people walk inside. Peter bites his lip at the thought that Steve still isn’t there. They’ve all travelled together, though Steve has been transported separately from them ever since they’ve landed in Switzerland.
“Hey, Tones, you checked that USB-drive yet?” Bruce asks suddenly, barely looking up from the piece of paper he’s studying. Tony startles, having forgotten about the drive.
“I don’t really think ‘normal’ is possible with the two of you,” Peter adds. He grabs for his mask before getting on his feet. Taking the phone back in his hand, Peter stretches his neck and takes a swing of his glass of water. It tastes horrible, having stayed there the entire night, but at the same time it feels good to have something cool pass through his throat.
“Peter Parker?” somebody asks, and Peter looks up from his seat, seeing the woman he gave Mr. Stark’s number to looking at him with a bored expression. She’s in her late twenties, with too-blonde hair to be called natural and a pair of glasses that must have been fashion in the sixties, but are now completely out of style. Every time Peter sees her, it seems like she’s chewing on some gum, creating bubbles with that ever-present bored expression on her face.
“Guys, this is my nephew Peter,” Natasha greets with a fond smile, and Peter feels a warm feeling upon hearing ‘nephew’ coming out of Natasha’s mouth. “He needs to learn.”
At one point while she tried steering the four elements at the same time in such an amount that she was trying to make 4 persons out of her powers at the same time, her powers came back to her.
“Really? Did you ever meet Tony Stark? He’s like my Uncle,” Sharon says, laughing a bit. Next to her, Steve looks just extremely uncomfortable.
Yaël had to rake the leaves, the most braindead job the Thompsons could have given her. Well, no, pulling out the weeds like the previous time was most definitely more braindead. Not that she’d ever complain about certain tasks. She’d just put on her headphones and dig into it.
“Oh, mind putting on some swing music? Tony and I have been working on our moves,” he jokes. Peter groans in frustration, deciding to just carry his box to his bedroom before Steve can say anything more. He’s not too surprised when Johnny puts on the music Steve asked for.
“Son, you don’t need a suit to make you stronger,” Tony mutters. “I thought you knew that since the whole Vulture-stuff?”
“I- I’m okay,” Peter tells her, finally taking a few more breaths, but feeling as if there’s barely any air getting through. Maybe he
It's the beginning of the end of the story. Like I said, there's going to be insinuations to Infinity War, but nothing specific about it. That's left for the third part of the series (And one timestamp I've already written out, because I'm evil).
“Where to?” the cab driver asks when Peter gets in. It must be his lucky day, since normally it takes a while for a cab to actually stop for him.
The inside is also completely different from what he’d expected. He remembers Oscorp had been open and full of stairs with a receptionist on his right the moment he got in. Here, it looks more like a hotel lobby than an actual business.
“Give me one good reason why I can’t go home?” Tony asks, feeling like his brain has been scrambled around. It’s probably because of all the meds. They’re screwing him up, he needs to go home.
The bad guy is defeated. MJ’s safe with Felicia, Harry’s getting back to his feet. Eddie didn’t die down in the fire with Venom.
“So awesome!” Ned calls out, seeming like he’s about to faint from the excitement. He takes Peter’s phone from him and scrolls through the pictures they’ve taken yesterday, along with the one they’ve downloaded from the Photo pass Tony arranged. “I’m actually even a bit jealous!”
When Pepper Potts started working for Tony Stark, she never expected to ever end up in a serious relationship with him. To be fair, Tony Stark must be one of the most arrogant, self-centered and egoistical persons she’s ever met before. Or, he was at first. After Afghanistan, something changed in him. Something that made Pepper look at him in a whole other light.
“No, do you?” she asked him to pay him back. Steve wiggled his hand, a sign to say that he knew a bit about it, but not enough to explain it to her. They both fell into laughter.
Right now, Tony is taking deep breaths to keep himself from crying spontaneously. He doesn’t even know what’s wrong, he’s just feeling so… down. And it happens, sometimes. It’s not like the antidepressants just fix everything and make him super happy all the time. And so far, he’s managed to shield it away from Steve. But right now… it’s just as if it’s all just too much at the same time.
The man gives him a confused look. The fact that Tony used his first name should be indication enough that Tony’s really serious about it. He still has the journal in his hand, and he’s aware of the annoyance coming from May, who still can’t seem to follow what’s going on.
“I- I’m sorry, Peter! It’s not funny at al that your old man is sick. That’s not why we’re laughing.”
“Are those tears of joy? I hope so, because my ego would be pretty busted if you would cry in fear just because you saw me arrive you know?”
Sharon reaches up her hand until it’s covering Tony’s. Her friendly, brown eyes give him a sympathetic look.
Yaël rubbed her sore throat as she coughed when she could finally breathe again. It was a pain in her ass to swallow, she even felt like she was going to throw up. But yet, Yaël blinked away the tears in her eyes as she readied herself again for Hela’s next move.
“Do we need to get an ambulance?” Natasha asks after a while. Strange gently gets back on his feet, shaking his head.
“We’re doing great, thank you for asking,” LL returns with a chuckle. “So, uh, let’s not waste too much time, shall we? Cap, Peter, will you join me on the VIP deck for a little bit while Tony gets ready for his stuff?”
“He- he wanted revenge on you. I wouldn’t co-operate so he went to find someone who would give him less resistance.” Felicia closes her eyes again. “I’m sorry, Peter. For everything.” The hand on Peter’s cheek drops down.
“Nothing much, just her apology, and explanation as to why she broke all contact. Also to tell me Peter’s my son.”
After a while the two of them join the two others again. They decide to pull up a movie to offer some form of relaxation to the scientist who has been gone for a long time. They chose the newest Star Wars movie, since Bruce missed the release of that one. Tony brings up some popcorn. They don’t leave the couch the entire evening. After the movie, they go to bed.
It’s the week of the finals. Despite everything that happened, and most of the school being crushed into debris and broken pieces, even Midtown High seems to have agreed on the fact that they should just keep the tests on their schedule. Peter hates it.
Tony secures the needle while he switches the vials one by one, until he gets to the fifth. Before it’s completely filled he loosens the band, throwing it back into the box it came from. Mary, with her free hand, takes the other four vials and starts shaking them gently.
He’s been in Berlin for three days almost. When he arrived here, he learned about the troops that were sent to Bucharest. When he woke up the next morning, he heard that Rhodey got the pleasure of arresting not only Barnes, but also Wilson, the Prince of Wakanda
Loki’s cheeks flashed red, which was a rare occurrence. Yaël’s eyes grew big, did she just manage to make Loki feel ashamed?
It frustrates him to no end, not being able to sleep. It’s been getting harder to do that, too. He should try again. Tony clears his throat and squeezes his eyes shut this time.
Meditating on it doesn’t help. Neither does making some weird rap-song about which one is better (and to be honest it’s good that nobody was there, then…), nor the diagram or the table he drew about it. To keep it short, he’s stuck with a choice and he’s… eh… just stuck.
“Wait, then how did you know it wasn’t with me?” Peter asks, starting to get annoyed anyway. It’s too early in the morning for this shit.
FRIDAY has given him a hard time about it the moment she figured out what he was doing, telling him that he shouldn’t try to recreate it without Mr. Stark’s consent. Though, after one day already she suddenly stopped giving him grief about it, and Peter likes to imagine that it’s Mr. Stark himself who told her to leave him be.
Not that the battle was exhausting, he’s been through worse. This was merely a training exercise gone wrong. But psychologically, the idea that their own friends would turn so easily against them? For one moment Peter regrets coming here. Because, for everything in the world, he would rather have not seen this.
Once Steve is gone and Nat has taken his place on the chair, the woman fishes out a pair of cards and starts distributing them.
“Figures,” Peter snorts. He closes the drawer again, looking over his shoulder towards what he suspects is the last drawer. “What happened with
“I know, before all this Infinity War-business, we had agreed that we’ll be preparing you to become a part of the team. But, lately… Tony and I have come to the agreement that maybe you’re not ready yet.”
Peter doesn’t know. All he knows is that he’s falling. He’s going down, knowing that Iron Man will catch him.
“If you don’t mind, might I at least, I don’t know, get the chance to take a shower and put on some… clothes? It’s a wonder that Tony’s pants didn’t completely rip when I changed into… the other guy. He likes to wear them tight, you know!”
Next to the couch, there’s the source of the noise. Apparently, the girl has moved the crib for the baby out of her bedroom and brought it here. Surely aware that she would fall asleep on the spot. Tony decides not to wake her up, instead heading towards the fussing baby lying down. He’s not crying, rather just… kicking his legs, clearly done sleeping for the evening.
Both Steve and Tony turn around, suddenly noticing that, indeed, a person is sitting there in that familiar red-and-black suit, sticking a knife against his face where is teeth are supposed to be underneath. Tony instantly flinches.
The moment Peter arrives back in New York, the first thing he does is fall right back into the couch. With Aunt May currently not working – meaning she’s at home – Peter decides to just crash at the Tower. It wouldn’t do him well if she would find him bruised and limping, asking questions on how he ended up in this state.
“Wait, Yaël, why did Wade put you out of the bar like that? I mean, he always seems so nice, I can’t imagine him just dumping you outside for just a reason like a little fight.”
One of the other freed prisoners even gave her an old, long cloak. It was deep-blue with some cupper-coloured detailing.  Of course the, uh, woman, didn’t speak a word English, Norse or Sil, so when she tried explaining something to Yaël, Yaël tried to sign she didn’t understand a letter of what she was saying.
“Zjust a distraction anyway,” Johnny continues as if Peter hasn’t spoken. “Iknow who I wan’, but I cant do anythin’ ‘bout it.”
Yaël sighs but then leans forward to kiss his cheek. “You just get the rest you need. I’ll warn the others.”
“As far as I know, if the doctors give you something, it’s usually to help,” the man says, wisely. Tony just chuckles at that.
“You’re gonna be even more embarrassed once I show you footage of what happened yesterday,” Tony teases. Steve looks up in surprise, eyes actually opening wide.
Peggy makes a happy sound, looking as if she’s about to start crying in glee. With skinny, frail arms, she wraps them around Peter’s shoulder and pulls him into a hug.
“That’s good, then,” Peter says. He forces up a smile, and Harry believes it. Good, because this is supposed to be a happy moment.
Peter is already sure that he’ll have two black eyes by the time the Goblin seems to tire from punching him all the time. In the small moment of distraction in searching another form of attack, Peter once again kicks him, only this time in the stomach. He uses all the force he has, and he’s glad to see that he’s managed to take the Goblin by surprise.
“No, he’s a great man and a good father, I think… No, I know he is! I’m going to clean this mess up!”
“Yes, you once told me you liked his none-judging, joyful attitude.” He pulled out a bottle of water. Steve knew that Yaël was about nervous about meeting these people as she didn’t really remember them, but they did remember her of course.
Two hours after finding a good spot, Aunt May calls him. His call with her is short, and after that he can finally put himself into finishing the third journal. Luckily he thought about bringing the fourth one along, because he’s through the third one in no time.
Here's a new chapter! Only one, this time!! Don't want to run out of them before I finish the story ;-)
A make-up test is planned for the beginning of next week, which Peter thinks is enough time for it. Ned’s scores weren’t horrible, but they could have been better. That’s weird, too, since Ned is actually a pretty smart guy.
“After all this time? I’m on earth for a whole wile now! By the way, what kind of big plans and why does she need me for that, she has a psycho version of me already.” Yaël received another smack, way harder than the last one this time.
But as Peter turns his head, an old, withered poster of the last Fifty Shades of whatever color they were going for in the last movie is still trying its best to keep on hanging against the wall. He gives it a short look, not at all seeing the appeal for it.
