Tessa printed out the sonogram and they headed up to Dean's therapist, "I'll wait here." Cas said, Dean just nodded and kissed him while handing over the sonogram. An hour later Dean came out of the room and Cas noticed that his eyes were a little red from crying. "You okay baby?" he asked pulling him in for a hug, "yeah, was talking bout yesterday and my emotions got the best of me." Dean said but held Cas closer. "Come on, my parent's should be expecting us soon."
"Okay Cas, now, since twin pups are prone to come early, I want you to stay home until the pups are born." Dr. Maddison said after my check up. "Okay, can I finish out the week at the bakery?" I asked since it was only Wednesday. "Sure, but after that no work, and try to keep it easy, only go up and down your stares when necessary." Dr. Maddison said and Dean and I both agreed. "Wanna stop at the Roadhouse for lunch?" Dean asked once we got in the Impala, "sure." I said and leaned against the door. "Hey, you okay?" Dean asked looking worried, "hmm? Yeah, I'm just tired." I replied and Dean left the parking lot.
"Do you want to talk about it?" "not really… It's over now, I'm over it." He shrugged. "Good. But can I see?" Mary asked and when Dean looked at her, he could see the excitement in her eyes. He threw the blanket off and stood up on his knees, "oh honey, you are starting to show!" Mary smiled and placed her hand on the small bump. "Cas is going with you to your appointment right?" she asked, "yeah, and he's going to wait for me until I'm done with Dr. Hansen." Dean said sitting back down. "Okay, are you sure you don't want me to go?" "I'm sure. It's your day off, relax and stay home. After my therapy we're going to Cas' and we're going to tell his parents." Dean said.
“Well then it’s a good thing I made you these.” Mary said startling both Dean and Cas. She set down two miniature apple pies in front of Dean.
He found Ellen still in the waiting room but now reading a book that she must have brought with her. Dean quickly made his way over, ready to get out of there, "Ellen…" Dean said softly and his aunt put her book down. "How'd it go?" She asked, he just smiled a little and handed her the sonogram. Ellen smiled, "congratulations honey." she stood up and gave Dean a tight hug and for the first time in a while, he felt like everything was going to be okay. His family was accepting the fact that he was 16 and pregnant and he some how knew that Cas would be happy. He followed Ellen back to the truck and he just stared at the little peanut shape.
“He’s alright, he woke up a couple times coughing which the doctor said would be normal for a few days. Along with him being tired and loosing his breath quicker, but as long as he doesn’t start gasping for breath or we don’t notice any wheezing when he breaths he’ll be okay.”
“Okay, well good luck studying.” Dean told her while helping Henry put his shoes on. “There. Go downstairs so papa can get you some breakfast.” Dean said and finished packing Henry’s things making sure to pack his favorite stuffed animal.
"Now, I'm going to go to bed, I expect you two to behave." Mary said kissing them both on the cheek and went upstairs. "I'm sorry." Dean whispered looking at his lap, "hey, don't be sorry. I should have asked you if it was okay that Amelia came over." Cas said moving to kneel in front of him and wiped away a stray tear. "I love you." Dean said looking up at Cas, "I love you too, come on let's take a bath, then watch a movie." Cas said helping Dean up.
"Gabriel, calm down. What's wrong?" I asked following him to kitchen where he was pacing. "Cassie, I-I think I'm pregnant." Gabe stopped pacing and looked at me with tears in his eyes. "What?! You-you're on suppressants…" I stammered, "yeah I know, but I ran out and I was on my way to the pharmacy like a week later when I had time and before I could get there I wen't into heat for the first time since I was 12. It-it was so bad Cas. There's these clubs you can go to and I-I went to one and…" Gabe trailed off, "okay, Gabriel listen to me. When would your next heat be?" "Last week. I never went and got more suppressants." Gabe whispered, "alright, let's go." I said "Go? Go where?" "We are going to the pharmacy to get you a test." I said and hollered up the stairs "Dean! I'll be back later!" And we were out of the house before Dean replied. By time I pulled into the pharmacy Gabe had calmed down a little.
she think she knows my mate better than me. Stupid bitch doesn't know what's coming to her.' Dean thought to himself and got Henry buckled in when he caught a glimpse of red. He looked at the back window in bright red pain was the word 'SLUT' and something inside Dean broke. He just stared at the word and numbly got in the Impala and went home.
"Uncle Gabe?" I heard her voice come from behind the counter "yes munchkin?" "I love you!" Mary said hugging his knees. "Aw, I love you to shorty, even though I know Cassie put you up to this." Gabe said kissing her cheek and gave her a sucker. "Mama! Look what I got!" Mary said running over, "yeah, I see that. Thank you Gabriel, now she's gonna have a sugar rush." I playfully glared at him and picked up the pie, "hey what are uncles for? See ya later Cassie, bye miss Mary." Gabe waved and Mary waved back, "bye Charlie! See you later." I hollered back to the kitchen "bye Cas, bye Mary!"
“I’m okay. I had my check up at the beginning of the week. Everything looks okay and Cas and I’ll be in the clear in a couple weeks to try again if we want.”
"Shhh, it's okay" Cas said pulling Dean closer so his nose was pressed into Cas' neck so Dean could get the comforting mate smell. "Just think about happy times baby, think about our first kiss, o-or homecoming. Think about our pup, what it's going to be like when we get to meet them, and hold them." Cas said still rubbing his back.
"Well yeah, I know it's your favorite and it's our anniversary." Dean said after he opened my door. "Hello gentlemen, how can I help you?" The waiter greeted, "yes, we have a reservation under Winchester." Dean said "ah, yes right on time. If you'll follow me." The waiter said leading us to a table. "Would you like some wine or any other beverage?" "Wine would be great." Dean smiled at the waiter and he returned with a bottle and two glasses.
Missouri stayed quiet and just held my hand while I tried to calm down again. "What about the twins?" "Doctor said they're perfectly fine." I said once I calmed down. "Mama got hurt?" Mary asked tears still falling down her face; I wiped them away and answered her, "yes mama got hurt but I'm better now." I said smiling and kissed her forehead. "Where daddy?" She asked again, I took a deep breath and answered her the best I could so she would understand. "Daddy got hurt too, he's in a very deep sleep and he might be asleep for a long time." I said fighting back the tears.
Cas grabbed a cart and headed straight towards the meat section. He picked up two large steaks and grabbed two things of the bacon wrapped asparagus. Cas made his way through the store picking up everything for loaded potatoes, ingredients to make a pie and a few other things he knew they were running low on.
“Oh god.” Dean sobbed and ran towards the ambulance where Cas was running to. Cas placed Henry on an open stretcher and a paramedic immediately put an oxygen mask on Henry. “Cas?”
"Well shit. I'll get you two out of the rest of your classes." Bobby sighed and ran a hand down his face. "I'm going to go check on him." Cas said, the closer he got to the storage room the more Cas could smell how upset he was and he could hear sniffs. He opened the door and saw Dean sitting against the wall with his knees to his chest and his glasses in his hand. "Dean?" Cas said softly and all he heard was a soft sob, Cas sighed and sat down next to his mate and pulled him against his chest. "Bobby said he excused us for the rest of the day. As long as I'm back for practice we can go home." Cas said softly "fucking hormones." Dean said and clutched Cas' shirt and cried a little more but was quickly calming down.
"Thank you so much Cas. I'll let you know if it worked." Mary smiled and kissed his cheek before leaving. Mary jogged back to her car and opened Sam's door, "try not to touch these too much." she told him and walked to her side. Once they got back home and inside Mary gently took Cas's things from Sam and went upstairs. Before she could even get to Dean's room he flung the door open and practically fell out, "Cas?!" he looked around. "No honey. I just brought some of his things to help you." Mary said handing Dean the clothes and pillow case. Dean grabbed them and locked himself back in his room with out a thank you.
He then remembered the very impressive bulge in Cas's swimsuit, Dean let out a soft moan and reached down and started slowly stroking twisting his wrist at the tip. He thought of blue eyes and as soon as he thought of Cas's deep raspy voice Dean came with a strangled moan. He felt the slick running down his thighs as he calmed down and cringed a little always hating that feeling. Once he was calmed down he scrubbed his hair and body and shut the water off. He got out and dried off, he pulled on his boxers and like always he started examining his scars, he rubbed his fingers over the cut he made the night before and remembered the conversation with Sam…
I walked into the living room and sat in Dean's recliner and Mary crawled up to sit on my lap. By time we got to the part to the 'evil' snowman as Mary likes to call it Dean came home. "Really, 'Frozen' again?" Dean teased when he came into the living room, "duh daddy." was all Mary had to say. "Hey, we've improved, we only had to listen to Let it Go two times." I said. "Oh, well that is an improvement. Hey, why don't I take a quick shower and we go to the Roadhouse? I know Ellen and Bobby haven't seen us in a while, and I could use a beer."
Cas wiped Henry’s tears away and kissed his cheek. “Give daddy and papa 10 more minutes to talk and then we’ll get you a cupcake okay?” Henry bargained.
“I didn’t think of it at the time and I want to make a special dinner tonight. I’ll be back in about an hour. I’ll pick up lunch on the way home too.”
"Yes, I think she'll stay quiet." Dean said and then the doorbell rang. Dean came back to the kitchen with Jimmy, Amelia and Claire in tow; "alright give me my niece!" I said after a quick hug to them both and I took Claire out of Amelia's arms. "Dean brought down Mary's old baby swing so we can put Claire in it later." I said rocking the baby a little; and deep down I was getting excited because I would be able to have this feeling again. Charlie and Gilda arrived next and lets just say Charlie was more than excited to see Claire, "Cas hand her over! You've already met her." Charlie said reaching her arms out so I handed the baby over. "Mama." Mary said quite grumpily tugging on my pant leg "what baby girl?" I asked looking down and saw a frowning little girl.
“I know but he started crying and saying he doesn’t like him. I don’t know what to do Cas. Benny is one of my best friends but I want to put Henry’s needs before anything.”
Cas gently pushed Dean towards the bathroom, "now go. We have reservations at 6:30." Once Cas heard the shower going he took Henry into the nursery and set him in his crib while he got things ready to take upstairs. He got everything ready and took Henry upstairs; Sam and Jess were already on the couch watching tv, "alright, here's Henry. He should have everything he needs in the diaper bag." Cas said handing Henry to Sam, "oh my god, he's adorable!" Jess awed. Jess met Mary and Cas a few weeks ago but Dean was taking a nap while Henry did so she never got the chance to meet the two.
Cas ground his hips against Dean's and they both moaned when their trapped erections rubbed agains each other. "God Cas, don't stop." Dean gasped and attacked Cas's mouth. Five minutes passed before they both came with long moans. "Fuck." Dean gasped and Cas just placed a small kiss on the side of Dean's neck. "Fuck indeed." He whispered and sat up, "I really hate to do this, but I should be going. My parent's will be wondering where I am." Cas said and Dean just nodded and followed Cas to the door and gave him one more kiss and watched him drive away. 'Yep, I'm screwed.' Dean said to himself.
Once dinner was done and left overs were in the fridge, everyone headed to the living room, Charlie and Mary were on the floor coloring while Gabe and Gilda were talking about the Bakery, and Dean John, and Jimmy were discussing something about the Auto Shop, while Amelia and I talked about her pregnancy. "I don't know how you did it Cas, this morning sickness is going to kill me." Amelia said rubbing her stomach, "I actually got some medicine left over that helps reduce morning sickness, do you want it? It's not prescription I found it at the drug store and Dr. Maddison said it is completely safe for you and the baby." I said "really? Then yes, I would love some." Amelia chuckled, "alright follow me."
"Yeah, we uh we went to the lake and you got so sunburnt!" Cas said and started laughing "I know, luckily you had Aloe in your bag and you had to rub it on my back once we got back to my place!" Amelia said chuckling. "It's also the first time you kissed me." she said and Dean had enough, he shut the bedroom door and curled up in a ball, well as best as his stomach would allow.
Dean had never felt so awkward around his aunt before now. He was sitting in the passenger side of Ellen's truck picking at his nails when Ellen spoke up, "listen Dean. I know you're nervous, and if you are in the situation you're in, just know that we are all here for you and Cas if you end up keeping it." Ellen said softly and Dean just nodded and wrapped his arms around himself wincing a little at the pull of his healing cut. Ellen found a parking spot by the door and walked in with Dean, "do you want me to stay out here sweetie?" she asked, "i-if you don't mind… Mom's going to be in there with me." Dean said and Ellen just smiled at him and found a spot in the waiting area while Dean went to the front desk and asked for his mom.
"An accident? Ar-are you okay?" Dean asked looking over me trying to find any injuries, "I'm fine just a few bumps and bruises, the twins are fine too." I said and Dean eyes widened "tw-twins?! Cas!? You-you're pregnant?!" Dean said and it felt like ice water was dumped down my back. "Yes, Dean… I'll be four months along at the end of the month." I said and placed his hand on the bump. "What? When did this happen?" Dean asked tears forming in his eyes. "Dean? Wha-what's the last thing you remember?" I asked putting my hand on top of his on my stomach.
They had played a handful of rounds when Henry suddenly repeated, “fuck.” Everyone sat there in shock.
"Do you wanna open it first?" Cas asked when they got to the kitchen, "nah, we'll open it after supper." Dean said and watched them take the package downstairs.
Henry started whimpering so Dean put the pacifier back in his mouth and Cas took him out of the carseat and held him; as soon as Henry was in his Papa's arms he settled down. "Alright, this is the last yearbook meeting for the year." Bobby started, "now, everyone's pages look good. Dean, I'll stop by sometime at the end of the week and we can go over it some more."
"Yes, um if you'll follow me to my office we can talk in private." I said trying to keep my nerves under control, once we were in my office I offered him a seat and then sat behind my desk. "Okay, I'm the owner, my name is Castiel Winchester how can I help you?" "It's nice to meet you Castiel, my name is Zachariah Adler, my granddaughter came in here about a week ago and said this was the best bakery she has ever been to in Lawrence." Zachariah stated and I just stared at him in shock, "o-okay…" I said quietly, "well, she's turning 16 in February and she requested that you make her birthday goodies. It will be at the community building, here on the block and there will be over 200 guest present. I would like it very much if you would be able to cater the desert part of the party. We already have a cater for the food." Zachariah asked. "I-uh, sure. Of course that would be amazing."
Gabe left about half an hour later saying he was going to go home and get some rest. I was flipping through the channels on the tv when there was a soft knock on the door and Sam's head poked in. "Can we come in?" Sam asked opening the door a little bit, "of course." I replied shutting the tv off. Sam and Jess came into the room and sat on each side of the bed after they both gave me hugs. "How are you feeling?" Jess asked once she was settled, "honestly, I'm sore but I feel fine. Doctor Maddison took an ultra sound and the twins are perfectly fine… H-how's Dean?" "
Cas dropped Dean onto the bed and immediately pushed him back. He gently took Dean’s glasses off and set them on the nightstand. Cas moved to hover over Dean and they just stared at each other for a few seconds before Dean grabbed the front of Cas’ shirt and pulled him down for a kiss. Cas kissed along Dean’s jaw and down his throat. “Cas.” Dean whimpered.
“Don’t be. The kid hardly knows me.” Benny shrugged and they watched Charlie carry Henry up the stairs and he immediately reached for Dean.
"You know, it's nice to finally have that damn cast off." Dean said once we got moving. "Yeah, I'm sure it's a lot easier for you now. And it'll be nice to have you there since Gilda's sick and I'm making Gabe stay home." I said, "yeah, why are you making Gabe stay home? He was so pumped for this." Dean asked, "because, he's 6 months pregnant, being on your feet for this long is going to kill him and I don't want to listen to him complain." I said, "uh, Cas… You're five months, how's that any different?"
"Dean. Do not bring up your ex's name right now." I growled, "Sorry, okay Cas tell me what your doing." Dean's gravely voice came through the phone even rougher from arousal. "I-I'm laying on th-the bed completely naked." I stammered "So am I Cas, okay listen to me baby, I want you to start stroking yourself nice and slow." I obeyed and let out a groan when I made contact, "I'm gonna talk you through this baby just relax." Dean did just that, "Dean!" I yelled and came all over my stomach, panting into the phone. "Okay babe, go clean up, get something to eat and get some sleep. I'll be home tomorrow morning. I love you." Dean said, "okay, I love you too Dean. So much." I said and hung up.
Dean was already enjoying the hot spray when Cas joined him. “He’s still sleeping.” Cas said and wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist.
“Gramma!!” Henry yelled and ran up to her. He wrapped his arms around her leg and refused to let go.
Dean sat down on the small work bench near the wall and I sat next to him; Dean just hid his face in my neck and after a few minutes I could fell the wetness of his tears. "Dean." I said and wrapped him in my arms. We stayed like that for who knows how long when Dean suddenly gasped and yanked away from me looking terrified. "Dean? Dean what's wrong?!" I asked reaching for his cheek. "I-I remember. I remember everything!" He breathed.
He felt himself smiling and butterflies begin to flutter in his stomach. He was still a little upset, but the thought of Cas going through all this trouble to fix things gave him hope. He's excited for the date, he and Cas hadn’t been on an actual date in a long time.
After breakfast Dean and Cas were upstairs packing their things to start taking downstairs. "So Cas, your next swim meet is home right?" Dean asked putting a bunch of his books in a box. "Um, about that…" Cas started, Dean slowly turned around, "Cas?" Dean whispered. "I-I got kicked off the team." Cas said quietly, staring into the box he was packing. "What? Why?!" Dean asked moving over to him, "because I've missed so many practices." he explained. "Because of me." Dean said moving to sit on the edge of the bed. "Dean, don't blame yourself." Cas said kneeling in front of him, "when did you get kicked off?" "Shortly after your accident."
"I'm sorry." Dean said and just shrugged and flipped to the next page, our wedding invitation was tapped to the page "was it a big wedding?" Dean asked, "no, not really. The reception was bigger, only close family were at the wedding." I replied and then Dean started laughing at the picture of us holding Mary between us each of us kissing her cheek. "Wait, Cas! Did, did we dance to 'Everything I Do' by Bryan Adams?!" Dean asked turning to face me with excitement on his face "yes! Dean do you remember?" I asked a smile forming, "A little, I uh, I remember dancing to it and I sang some of it to you."
Dean backed the suburban up into Charlie’s driveway and unbuckled Henry. “Okay big guy, you’re gonna sit with Charlie’s mom okay? Be good.” Dean said as he carried Henry up to the front door.
Hey guys, sorry for the little delay in posting. It was a busy couple of days and my birthday was on Saturday! But here's the chapter, enjoy :)
Dean and Cas were cleaning up the basement before their friends came over for a movie night. Mary had agreed to watch Henry for the night as long as Dean came up every now and then to feed him. "Hey, Cas!" Dean called out from the living room, "yeah?" he asked poking his head out of the bathroom. "We never did open this box." Dean said gesturing the package they got last week.
Dean had been gone for a day and I was already missing him; I had forgiven him the next morning but I didn't want to show it. I walked into the living room where Mary was laying on the floor with Squirt watching Toy Story, "Mary, how bout after lunch we go to the park?" I asked laying down on the couch, "yeah mama!" Mary squealed and snuggled up with me on the couch. When the movie was over Mary followed me into the kitchen so I put her in her high chair against the island and started lunch. "Do you want some Mac and Cheese Mary?"
Friday was filled with lots of commotion, considering that it was homecoming, the teachers didn't really have anything to assign so it was an easy day. They were siting at lunch discussing the plans for tonight, "okay, so I say we all meet at Dean's to get ready, then we can go to the Roadhouse." Charlie suggested, "why my house?" Dean asked. "We can meet at our place, our parents are out of town and no affiance Dean-o it's bigger." Gabe suggested. "I like that plan better… Besides, Lucy would probably destroy your dress." Dean chuckled, "Dean, Lucy will be at your uncle's…" Cas mentioned. "Fine, so we will meet at Gabe and Cas's then go to the Roadhouse, eat then go to the dance for like an hour. Then I say we head to Dorothy's and get our drink on." Charlie grinned leaning into her girlfriend who was in Gabe's class.
Cas noticed Dean was unusually still so he stopped. "Dean? Are you okay? Do you want me to stop?" Dean snapped out of his trance and just stared into the boy's bright blue eyes that were filled with concern. 'Yep, definitely in love.' Dean thought and it scared him a little. "I'm fine. Promise." He smiled and leaned in and pressed a soft kiss to Cas's cheek, and they got back to business. Cas pulled Dean's pants and boxers off and just stared at his body. This is the furthest they've gone so far and Cas was nervous.
“Charlie, listen to me. You texted me during that horrible time, that was enough for me. Besides I probably wouldn’t have wanted you around me just because I didn’t want anyone around me not even Cas. And for you wanting to live with us, Charlie, we would love it if you moved in for a while until you got back on your feet. If you don’t want to then Cas and I agreed we will help you get an apartment. You’re my
"Oh wow!" Jo gasped "can I feel it?" she asked a little hesitant. "I'm surprised you aren't already." Dean chuckled, "yeah go ahead." he said and Jo rushed forward, "oh my goodness that's so cool!" she giggled and Ellen came over and just hugged Dean, "looking good sweetie." She whispered in his ear and dragged Jo back to the living room.
Finally when the final bell rang, Dean practically ran to find Cas. "What's wrong? You smell upset." Cas said after Dean threw his arms around him and was inhaling his mate's scent. "Crowley was the sub in my last class and he almost didn't let me go to the bathroom… I almost didn't make it." Dean said sounding weak. "I'm sorry, hey the day's almost over and it's Friday. We have the weekend plus Monday to relax." Cas said kissing Dean's cheek before they went into the auditorium.
"Is this the only one?" Sam asked shoving it in his pocket, "yes." Dean lied. "Good. I'm going to go get mom to have her look at the cut better, it's pretty deep." Sam said heading for the door. "Sammy no!" Dean said grabbing his arm, "Why not?! Dean you need help!" Sam said, "please don't. I-I don't want her disappointed in me like dad was." Dean whispered. Sam sighed, "alright, but here." Sam said grabbing one of Mary's hair ties and handing it to Dean. "What do you want me to do with this?" Dean asked holding it up, "wear it on your wrist. And whenever you have the urge to cut, snap it against your wrist. And if you need to talk Dean you know where my room is." Sam said and left the bathroom.
As if his body had a mind of its own, Dean watched as he made another cut above the other one and sighed as the blood ran down his arm.
"For what?" Cas asked and started carding his fingers through Dean's hair; "that I couldn't keep him in full term. Because of me he's early and I don't know if he's going to be okay." Dean said shakily. "Dean, it's not your fault, you got to stressed because I was to much of an ass to not notice your pain. Please, don't blame yourself." Cas said, he continued to run his fingers through his mates hair and Dean slowly drifted to sleep.
Cas was able to slip out a half an hour later and he carefully got up and cleaned himself up and grabbed a washcloth to clean Dean up as best as he could while he slept. When the alarm went off Dean took another quick shower. They dressed in jeans and nice shirts before heading to the roadhouse to meet everyone.
John asked, "uh, later if that's okay, it'd be nice just to have a few hours alone." I said blushing a little at my choice of words.
"Sam, go watch Henry. I'm taking Dean to the hospital." Bobby said and Dean just glanced at the back of the Impala, slut was now down to 'ut' and there was red water running down the driveway. "He's asleep, he should hopefully stay asleep til Cas get's home." Dean said and got in the truck.
The delivery guy left and Cas walked in, "hey what got delivered?" he asked. "Dunno… Unknown sender, Sammy will you help Cas take it downstairs?" Dean asked, "why can't you do it?" Sam asked, "because Tessa hasn't cleared me yet for heavy lifting." Dean said and smacked the back of his head and went back to the kitchen to finish making supper.
"Okay then nurse Cas. Do I get a sponge bath?" Dean asked then winked, "not tonight big boy. Maybe next month." I chuckled. "Next month? What's next month?" Dean asked, "well, if it's anything like I was when I was pregnant with Mary, I'll basically be in heat… It's not a legit heat, I'm just horny all the fucking time. Like I couldn't go to work and you told your dad I was sick so you could work half day's." I said dumping water on Dean head. "Well then I can't wait." Dean said and relaxed the rest of the bath and let me take care of him. Right as he started getting up my stomach lurched and I made it to the toilet just in time to puke up the casserole.
“I-I don’t know he was right here a second ago.” the teacher said and Dean could see the panic in her eyes. Cas came up to them “Dean, we can’t find Henry.”
"Yes mama. We went to the park!" Mary beamed, "you did? Well that sounds fun. Why don't you go to the kitchen and you and Aunt Charlie can make a pie to take home to daddy." I said putting her back down, "okay mama, I be back." Mary said running to the back yelling "Aunt Charliieee!" "I'm her actual freaking uncle and she doesn't even say hi." Gabe pouted over at the register, "oh hush Gabriel, you know she gets excited seein' her mama." Missouri said. "Oh Cas honey, Mary is just so precious. She definitely has a lot of energy." Missouri said sitting down and I gave her a cup of tea. "Thank you." She murmured taking a sip. "Yeah, well I blame Dean. He gets her all riled up and it takes forever to get her calm."
"Jesus, I haven't laughed like that in a long time!" Dean said "Don't ever change man." Dean said and patted his shoulder and froze, Cas's head snapped up and they stared at each other wide eyed, when Dean put his hand on Cas's shoulder, Dean felt almost like an electric shock shoot through his body. "I uh, sorry." Dean said dropping his hand and got up to take the sheet back up to Bobby's desk. When he returned to the table the two boys sat there in silence before Dean spoke up, "hey, uh… If you want, you can sit with me and my friends at lunch…"
“Well, in that case, we better get a few things out of our system before another alpha with strong hearing moves in.” Dean grinned.
The annoying ring of the alarm on my phone woke me up so I shut it off before it could wake up Dean and rolled out of bed. I started walking towards the bathroom and turned on the shower; I stripped of my pajama pants and boxers and got under the hot spray.
I obviously do not own the rights to the picture/paintings. To who ever did them, awesome fucking job.
I slid out of bed and walked into the bathroom right as Dean was putting Mary in. "Mama we see Santa!" Mary smiled "yes baby, you and daddy are going to go see Santa today." I said closing the lid on the toilet so I could sit down. "Mama not going?" Mary asked tilting her head to the side, "no, mama doesn't feel good so I'm going to stay home." I said. Dean finished giving Mary a bath, wrapped her in a towel and carried her to her room.
“Oh, uh sure. Once you’re all cleaned up and everything I’ll take you to him. He’s with officer Mills.”
Cas was startled out of his sleep sometime in the middle of the night by movement. "Quit snorin' in my ear Cas." he heard Dean complain and then roll over a little. Cas sat up and just stared at Dean, 'did that really just happen?!' he thought to himself but laid back down and slowly went back to sleep.
Cas came home later that evening carrying in a few pizzas with Benny in tow. “I’m home!” he called out when he didn’t hear a response he yelled out again, “Dean? Henry?”
Cas swallowed a growl and settled for a glare, "for the millionth time. Dean is my mate, I will do everything with him, if he doesn't feel like going to a party, then neither do I. In fact, I'd be more than content to stay home with him and our son." Cas stated and Amelia rolled her eyes.
He took a deep breath and knocked on the door. Dean jumped a little and pushed his glasses up a bit when the door opened. A kind older man opened the door, "you must be Dean, I'm Dr. Hansen. Please, come in." Dr. Hansen said and walked into the room. Dean followed him and looked around the room feeling nervous, "no need to be nervous. Everything we discuss today stays in this room. And with your permission, your mother." The Dr. said and took a seat in one of the big chairs and Dean sat in the other one.
"Sounds good Cas. See you then." Dean said and hung up the phone, and when he turned around Mary and Sam were standing in the living room with him smiling. "Really?! You guy's couldn't have given me 5 minutes of privacy!?" Dean groaned but smiled anyway. "Sorry sweetie, we both are just happy that you found someone." Mary smiled, "mom, I haven't found anything. It was just going to be a date, now we're just hanging out." Dean said his blush returning.
“Those are fine.” Dean said pointing towards a pack of 10 with different sized canvases. Cas grabbed two packs and followed Dean up to the register.
Dean found Sam on the couch with the last Harry Potter book in his lap, "Sammy?" he asked, Sam put his bookmark in and set the book down, "yeah?" "Can you watch Henry for a while? Cas and I want to go to this end of the year party. I don't plan on staying long though." Dean asked. "Sure, Jess is coming over later so we'll watch him." "Thanks Sam!" Dean smiled
"Mama can we see the monkeys?" "Yes, we can go see the monkeys." I chuckled and strapped her into the stroller and gave her, her sippy cup. "You know, for the end of July, you would think it would be busier…" Jess mentioned "yeah, there aren't a lot of people here." I agreed. "Mama! Look!" Mary squealed and pointed to the peacocks they let roam the zoo. "Monkeys monkeys monkeys!" Mary kept chanting so that was our first destination.
“Oh Sammy. I’m sorry, you have every reason to be upset dude. Just try to ignore everyone, you have a few months to go then you’ll go to college and have a fresh start.”
"Okay." Cas said moving up to kiss Dean real quick and then took his boxers off. "Let me open you up a little." he said quietly taking one of his pillows to put under Dean's hips, "do you want me to knot you or not?" Cas asked slowly pushing one finger in. Dean let out a long moan, "knot. Want your knot." he panted. By time Cas got 3 fingers in, Dean was a mess, "C-Cas baby.. I'm ready, I can take it. Please." he moaned, "what position?" Cas asked, "wanna see you." Dean panted. Cas leaned over Dean kissing him while he slowly bottomed out. "Fuck, so tight." Cas moaned, resting his forehead against Deans. "Move you ass." Dean huffed and Cas busted out laughing, "now who's the bossy one." he teased but pulled out almost all the way before slamming back in. Dean cried out and fisted the bedsheets.
“Well good, now head inside I’ve got something for you.” Hearing those words Henry bolted back inside and for the first time today, Dean smiled and felt happy. He grabbed the ice cream and headed into the house.
"I'm drinking a beer what does it look like?" I snapped pulling the bottle from Dean's reach. "Shouldn't you wait to see if you're-" "If I'm not pregnant?" I interrupted and Dean nodded. "I'm not. I took a test almost an hour ago." I said quietly; "shit. Well, I guess we should make an appointment." Dean said putting his beer down and pulled me in for a hug. "I already called. I have an appointment at 4." I said against his shoulder. "Okay, I'll see if I can get off early." "You don't have too Dean. I actually want to go alone." I said. "What, why?" Dean asked and I finally snapped and shoved him away.
"Dean, get away from the pie! You know that's for after dinner!" Mary scolded and Dean just pouted and walked back downstairs to get ready to go to Bobby's. "You got caught trying to sneak a slice of pie didn't you?" Cas asked noticing Dean's frown, "shut up." he huffed and grabbed a pair of jeans out of his dresser.
Cas slowly started moving in and out, both of them groaning in pleasure. Cas started picking up the pace a little bit making sure to listen for any discomfort coming from Dean.
“You… said… not… to loose… it.” Henry said in short increments then started coughing. Dean sat him up and rubbed his back until he was done.
I'm sorry for being such a shitty writer and leaving you guys hanging for so long! I just have no time to write anymore, but I am NOT abandoning the story, it'll just take me a while to get something up so please keep being patient with me and leaving me comments. You can also blame my friend who snooped and found my works so that thew me through a loop of oh god I need to stop writing because she knows my secret.... Any way, enjoy, and leave a comment! LOVE YOU ALL!
"Cas!" he gasped and stared at him, "hi to you too." he chuckled and pressed a soft kiss against Dean's lips. "So, you need to talk to me I hear." Cas pointed out moving to sit up and handed Dean his glasses from the night stand. "Um, yeah…" Dean said quietly putting his glasses on and Cas could instantly smell the nerves and worry, which made him a little scared.
underneath the words was a picture that made Dean's stomach sink and his heart shatter. It was a picture of Cas and Amelia making out at the party.
Dean could hear Naomi gasp at Dean's black eye, which was starting to look better, "oh dear, what happened?!" Naomi said and Cas was confused at the concern his mother showed. Dean was shocked but snapped out of it, "uh… Some guy at school jumped me… Got a nice bruise on my side too." He said trying to make a joke of it. "That's horrible." Naomi said, "well, it's good to meet you anyway Dean." Bartholomew said, "now dinner is almost ready so please make yourself at home." Cas's mother stated and they turned around and went back to the kitchen.
"Make yourself at home." Dean scoffed swatting Benny's feet that were propped up on the table. "Don't mind if I do." he smiled. Dean just rolled his eyes and sat on Cas' lap in the recliner while Charlie just pouted and sat next to Benny on the couch with her arms crossed. "What's got your panties in a knot?" Benny asked, "Dean wont show me the sonogram." she huffed, "only because you were grabbing for it." Dean said already reaching into his back pocket for it. "I warned you red to give them a chance to settle." Benny chuckled.
"Dean, I swear to god, if you do not move away from me in the next 5 seconds I will cut off your balls and shove them down your throat." I threatened when Dean started hovering over me. "Sorry, it's just that today's your due date and I'm nervous." Dean said moving from the couch to his recliner. "I understand, but with you hovering over me and Mary constantly asking when they'll be here is starting to drive me nuts." I groaned, "and besides, I'm surprised I've made it to my due date. Normally twins come early."
"Good, I'll text you what floor and room number." I said and hung up. I found Jimmy outside of Gabe's room pacing, "how is he?" I asked "he wont let me in the room, he only wants you in the room." Jimmy said "okay, um do me a favor, text Dean the floor and room number." I said and went into the room.
He frantically looked for Cas and Henry’s teacher. He found one of the preschool teachers and ran up to them but the closer he got he realized he didn’t see Henry. “Where’s Henry?!” he asked.
Dean was tapping his pencil against his table during art when Ms. Barnes sat next to him making him jump. "Oh, sorry. Didn't mean to scare you honey. I just wanted to know if you've made a decision." she asked. Dean sighed, "yeah… I-I think I'm going to do it. He sent me an email describing the job to me a little more. I'll only work Saturdays and Sundays until school's out, and what I'll be doing is helping decide what paintings to go up and work at the desk. Till the pup comes, then I'll do a little more." he smiled a little. "Good for you, I'm proud and excited for you." she smiled and got up to check on everyone else's work.
“And I could teach them to paint and draw… And some photography. Charlie could come in and teach them about computers.”
"Did you have a bad dream?" I continued to whisper and she shook her head. "Okay sweetie, let's go back to your room and I'll lay with you for a while." I whispered picking her up. "no. mama I wanna sleep with daddy." Mary squirmed in my arms. "Okay, okay calm down." I whispered and crawled back in bed with her in my arms. "Dean… Dean move over." I said shaking his shoulder, "hunn? What?" Dean asked looking up, "Mary had a nightmare and wants to sleep with us, scoot over." I said and laid Mary in-between us and laid down next to her. She immediately snuggled up to Dean, who looked at me and I just shrugged; Dean wrapped his arms around her and I pulled the blanket up to cover us.
"I'm sure you are. Have you had any thoughts about self harm lately?" He asked, "uh, briefly shortly after I got home with out him but I didn't act on it… I just kinda ran across my mind." Dean said playing with his hands. "Well, good for not acting on it, now, if I believe, you haven't self harmed since your accident?" Dr. Hansen said and Dean nodded.
“I think they’re outside chief.” Benny said pointing to the back door. Sure enough, as soon as Cas looked over he saw Henry run by with Charlie chasing after him. Cas set the pizzas on the dining room table and went outside.
Luckily for Cas his day was going by fast, he was excited to go to Dean's after school and hang out with him. He got his tray of food and found everyone in the cafeteria, as soon as he was seated he was bombarded by questions from Charlie. "Is Dean okay? What's going on? Is he dying? Tell meeee!" She said quickly, "Charlie calm down, he's fine. And no he is not dying, as for what's going on, I think he should tell you." Cas said munching on a bag of chips.
It's been two weeks since my heat and Dean was still at work so I decided that I would take the test. I was standing in the downstairs basement so I could keep an eye on Mary while I waited, when the timer went off on my phone I slowly went back to the bathroom to look, as soon as I looked the front door swung open, I ran out of the bathroom and actually jumped on Dean. "Woah, Cas. I've missed you too." Dean said kissing me and I took his hand and dragged him to the bathroom. "Cas, what are you doing?" Dean asked when I pulled him into the small space "look." was all I said and Dean picked me up and spun me around "oh my god! Finally!" He said and he kissed me.
Dean apologized, "It's okay Dean, no one knew. Just, do something to help me out here." I groaned the last part. "Okay, I got a different room away from dad for this reason. Ready to have phone sex for the first time?" Dean chuckled and I could hear shuffling on the other end. "Anything Dean, just help." I whined and put the phone on speaker. "Okay, I've only done this with Lisa once, so lets see how this goes."
While they talked, they talked about next semester of school. "So boys, that musical is comin' up… You gonna join?" Bobby asked. "I thought about it." Cas said, "what is the musical this year?" Dean asked, "Into the Woods." Cas said. "Oh, well you should, you're a good singer." Dean said bumping his shoulder, "I will if you do." Cas said, and Dean just scoffed, "yeah the play's not till spring, I'm sure they'll want a pregnant guy waddling around the stage. I'll see if I can work on scenery." Dean said.
He smiled again when he saw that his mom had made grilled cheese and tomato rice soup. He helped Henry into his chair before sitting down himself. “Dean?!” Charlie’s voice called out?
Hey guys! I'm so sorry it's been so long and that I've posted later than I said I would! I know it's not much of a chapter but it's something for now!
We're picking up on the story now :) I'm going to apologize now for the next few chapters. As always, let me know what you think!
how your hormones are going to be out of whack. But I know that they aren't crazy yet." She continued and both boys just stared at her in shock.
Next thing Dean knew Charlie was announcing, “I now pronounce you husband and husband. Cas kiss your mate.”
The first day always feel like it takes a month for Dean. He barely pays attention through Algebra II, he knows his photography class is next along with another art class after. His mind also wonders over to the new kids, he still hasn't seen either of them. He wonders what they're like, if they'll be snotty rich brats or normal people, or even jocks.
"Cassie? Will you stay with me?" Gabe asked looking scared. "Of course, but I'm going to go talk to Dean, he should be outside by now, I'll be right back in." I said and walked out of the room right as Dean rounded the corner. "How is he?" Dean asked after a quick hug. "Fine, he's almost ready, once the nurses and Dr. Maddison come back. He wants me to stay in there with him." I said. "Okay, I'll stay out here." Dean said I nodded and gave him a quick kiss and went back into the room.
"Dean sweetie, everyone's here now, you might as well announce it if you want." Mary said from the table next to him. "Alright…" Dean said "Cas go ahead." he grinned. "It's a boy!" Cas smiled and everyone cheered, "congrats you guys!" Ellen smiled giving them both a quick hug before going back up to the bar. "Joanna!" she called behind her, "ugh, never a moment of peace. Congrats guys." She smiled and went to go help her mom.
Dean rushed out of the bathroom walking quickly through the almost empty halls trying to make it to his photography class on time. Dean sat at his table right as the bell rang. "Okay class, welcome back! I see we have some familiar faces and some new faces." Mr. Singer said, "Dean, it seems like you're the oldest on in here this year, why don't you explain the basics of this class." Mr. Singer said and settled himself behind his desk.
Dean had been restless for the past few days, the pup wasn't moving as much and Dean had a feeling that he would be having him soon. That night they were laying in bed, Cas had fallen asleep a few hours ago, but Dean couldn't sleep. No matter what way he laid, he couldn't get comfortable, his body hurt and he was getting nervous because he knew that he would be having the pup sometime this month or next month.
"I'm going to accept Mr. Murray's offer." Dean said on the way home so Cas could get his car to go to work. "Dean, that's amazing! When will you start?" Cas asked, "I don't know, I'm going to call him when I go pick up Sammy… He texted me saying he had to do something real quick after school." Dean said. "Oh, well good luck and I'll see you later." Cas said kissing him real quick and also handing him his book bag.
Dean heard him but was lost in his own head with flashbacks of being in the basement at Alistair’s, of Amelia, and almost loosing Henry today. It was just too much for him.
“You look great.” Charlie grinned. “I have something for you. And I’m going to help you with your hair.”
Cas slowly started adding fingers to help loosen Dean up and Dean was a whimpering mess. “Please. Please.” he started begging.
"Hmmm, what time is it?" I asked carefully removing the feet from my back and slid up to the headboard; "8:30, I was going to wake Mary and give her a bath before we left. Do you still want to stay home?" Dean asked, "yeah, I better. My stomach's still flipping a little." I said and took a sip of the tea. "Okay, Mary sweetie, come on time to wake up." Dean said softly pushing Mary's hair away from her face causing her face to scrunch up and she whimpered softly and her eyes fluttered open. "Come on baby girl, let's get you in the bath so we can go see Santa." Dean said softly scooping her up and just walked to our bathroom.
This week has been nothing but torture for Dean. Henry’s been nothing but fussy since they got him back from Bobby and Ellen’s and Cas was leaving in two days for his first weekend of Academy.
your fault, what happened, happened. Honestly, I wouldn't change it for the world. I hated my job at he Gas N' Sip, Coach Turner told me I could come back next year. He told me that he understood what was going on in my life at the moment and he said that he would have loved to have kept me on the team but the other teammates were complaining about 'special treatment'." Cas said quietly, still brushing away tears.
"You're daddy's amazing." Cas smiled and picked up Henry and sat him in his lap. Henry gave an attempt at a smile and just blew bubbles. "Yeah, I'm going to take that as an agreement." Cas chuckled and tickled Henry's stomach.
Dean instantly held out his hands and Mary placed her grandson in Dean's arms. "Is he okay?" Dean asked and Mary hesitated, "yes and no." she said and Dean and Cas both felt like someone dumped a bucket of cold water down their backs. "He's fine temperature wise, he's 4 pounds and 5 ounces, but healthy. His lungs look good, but…" Mary stopped and took a deep breath, "but what. Mom, please just spit out!" Dean said "he's deaf in his left ear. The ear drum didn't develop like it should have, now, when he's older we can work on getting him surgery to fix it. But as for now, he's healthy and that's all we can ask for." she said and Dean started crying, "but he's going to be okay?" "yes, he'll be fine." Mary smiled.
"Cas?" Mary answered on the third ring, "hi… I'm sorry to call you so early, but Dean woke up a few minutes ago. I made him go back to sleep." Cas explained. "Oh thank god. Okay, Sam and I will be there later this morning." she said after a yawn, "I can finally catch some sleep." she chuckled softly.
They waved at each other one more time before Cas walked into the house with a small smile on his face. "Cassie!" Gabe yelled running towards his brother, "what?" he asked moving past him to go sit on the couch. "What do you mean what?!" Gabe sassed, following him, "what's going on? Is Dean okay?" he asked plopping down in the recliner.
"I can't mom, I barley know him. I just meet him today, but." Dean stopped, "yes, but you can get to know him. The way Bobby talked, from what he saw today in class, it seems like this Castiel boy likes you too. Bobby said he couldn't stop staring at you." Mary said and put her arms around Dean pulling him in for a hug. "I know you're scared about this, but it's going to happen sooner or later, you're going to find someone who you like, you go on dates. It's all apart of growing up." Mary continued and Dean wrapped his arms around his mother and breathed in her scent trying to calm down.
"Aw, there's my little princess!" Dean shouted and scooped Mary up when we got home. "Well he's in a surprisingly good mood." Missouri whispered not wanting to ruin the moment. "He remembers." I whispered back not bothering to stop the smile forming, "oh that's great! And from what Mary told me, you're having a boy and a girl?" My smile grew wider and I ran a hand over the bump, "yeah, Dean was excited about the boy."
"I'm just saying Cas. I don't like her." Dean said while they were getting ready for school. "Dean, she's harmless." Cas sighed picking up his bag, "I don't care! Cas, I have a bad feeling about her." Dean argued, "Dean! She's my friend, just please give her a chance." Cas pleaded, "yeah, and she's also your ex girlfriend!" Dean almost shouted, grabbing pop tarts out of the cupboard and headed to the Impala.
“Oh fuck yes!” Dean yelled and pushed back against Cas, who slapped Dean’s ass a few more times. He moved his hands to Dean’s waist and grabbed on to give himself more leverage.
"Well looks like you're at 6 centimeters now! 4 to go!" Tessa grinned and removed her gloves. "Wish it was 10 so we can get this over with." Dean groaned and then flinched when a contraction rolled through, "I'll go get you some ice chips." Tessa said and left the room. "Dean honey? Sam is asking if he can come see you." Mary stated and Dean just nodded trying to catch his breath, "bring him in." he panted and Cas wiped away the sweat pooling on his forehead.
much and you make me so happy. So, you coming to check on me made me so much better.” Dean explained. “But now, I need you to go back to sleep, so daddy can go back to sleep.”
"Oh my god Dean." I whispered and walked to the side of the bed taking his left hand in mine. "They ran some tests today. They said the swelling in his brain has gone down but they don't see any signs of him waking up yet." John said quietly, "I'll leave you alone." He continued and left the room. I sat there in silence for a while just staring at Dean and rubbing circles on his hand, "you're gonna wake up. You're going to be up and walking around, playing with Mary like you always do. You're going to be awake to see our twins. Damn it Dean wake up! I can't do this with out you!" I said and broke down sobbing.
Another thing Cas was ready for was to have Amelia stop following him around in the halls and flirting. He had no idea what happened to her, she used to be this sweet, shy girl that he genuinely liked, now, she was crazy and obsessive. Trying his hardest to avoid her was getting on his nerves so when the final bell rang on the very last day of school Cas practically ran out of the school like a mad man.
"DEAN!" Jo shouted as soon as he was in the living room, "JO!" Dean mocked her, "I wanna see it!" she said starting to move towards him before Ellen grabbed her arm, "calm down, leave the boy alone." Ellen said pushing Jo back into the couch. "It's okay Jo, I'll show you in a minute." Dean chuckled and Cas gave him a funny look. They put the remaining presents under the tree and helped Mary unload the pie and green bean casserole before settling.
He said, "Cas, I would love it if you came over, but if you do I apologize in advance." Dean said and once again, before Cas could answer there was a rustling noise and a click.
Cas threw his clothes in the hamper in his and Dean's room and ran into Mary in the hall. "Here, I had Bobby pick it up… I already put my number in and I'll let you do the rest." Mary said handing Cas his new phone. "Thank you." he said quietly and looked up at her, Mary saw his red eyes and pulled him in a tight hug. "Oh sweetie. Everything's going to be okay." Mary soothed and Cas started crying again, not as hard as he did in the shower but pretty hard. "I want you to know, that you can
John gently patted her back trying to help clear her lungs, once she was done coughing he handed her, her sippy cup. Everyone was quiet for awhile after the little incident so I decided to break the silence, "what smells so good?" I asked looking around the room "it's oven roasted garlic parmesan chicken." John replied looking at his watch, 'and it should be done in about an hour." "Awesome, I'm starving." Dean said.
Dean read the text and let out a broken sob, 'If only you knew Cas.' he said to himself and didn't bother to reply.
Hey guys! Sorry it took a while to get a chapter out. The finale fucked me up and I needed a few days plus holidays and such. Anyway, enjoy :) Let me know what you think!
Cas chuckled and slid in next to Dean and pulled him in against his chest. “Sorry. I was busy making your pie.”
"Okay honey, I want you to go and take this." She said pulling the pregnancy test out of the bag. "Mom, I-I don't need that, I wasn't in heat when we had sex. I couldn't get pregnant." Dean said backing away, tears spilling down his face. "Dean, you can get pregnant out of your heat if you are true mates." Mary stated and Dean started sobbing, "mom! What if I-I am! I can't have a baby, I'm only 16!" He wrapped his arms around Mary and sobbed against her shirt breathing in her scent like he did when he was little. "I know baby, but we wont know until you take the test." Mary soothed running her fingers through her son's hair. "I'll leave you to it." She whispered kissing the top of his head and went back downstairs.
“Charlie go soak a towel in cold water please.” Cas ordered and gently took Dean’s hands away from his face. “Dean. Alistair is locked away, he can’t hurt you. I will go to the courthouse first thing in the morning and make damned sure she can’t get near you or Henry.”
"Hello juniors." Gabe said sitting next to Charlie, "hey Gabe." they all replied, "so I'm auditioning for the musical." he said and everyone just stared at him, "awesome!" Charlie grinned. "When are the auditions?" Dean asked, "friday after school." Benny said, "yeah, if your auditioning, you have to pick up the sheet in the office and sing the song on there and have the lines memorized." Charlie said pulling her sheet out, "looks like the girls have to sing Little Red Riding Hood's part in the beginning song and the guys have to sing the Baker's part in 'No One is Alone'." Charlie said.
"I agree Cas, and I know there's no way to take back that night, but I hope you truly believe me that we didn't do anything else, no matter what Lisa says. I know I was being a stubborn jackass and not really understanding how hard all of this is on you. I know that you want a baby so bad and the fact that we aren't having luck must be killing you. Honestly, it's killing me a little. But we can work this out, I'm sure we will get there and once you are pregnant, it't going to be amazing." Dean said and I started crying, "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry." I said wiping my eyes. "I know baby, I'm sorry too." Dean said pulling me down so I was straddling his lap and our foreheads pressed together.
"We should take more baths." Dean sighed snuggling closer to Cas after a few minutes, "hmm we should." Cas whispered in Dean's ear and ran his fingers lower and lower until he got to Dean's half hard member. "Hmm, already starting to get excited huh?" Cas continued to whisper in his ear making Dean shiver, Cas slowly stroked Dean to hardness and quickened his pace but somehow still kept it sweet.
In the kitchen Gabe and Charlie were talking about Amelia when Dean walked in. “Please don’t bring her up right now.”
Cas traced Dean's bottom lip with his tongue and he felt Dean open up so he pushed his tongue inside. They sat there making out before Dean had enough of it and moved to straddle Cas's lap. Dean put his hands on Cas's chest and deepened the kiss, forgetting about Dean's ribs Cas grabbed on to his sides causing Dean to break the kiss and his in pain.
He worked on his homework long after Mrs. Tran left, so when Cas came home around 4 with Sam, they were both shocked to see Dean working. "Are my eyes deceiving me or is Dean doing homework?!" Cas teased, kissing the top of Dean's head as he walked by. "Shut up. I do my homework." he grumbled.
"So Cas, I was thinking…" Dean said once we put Mary in her room, "that can't be good." I teased and headed back down the stairs. "Ha, you're so funny. But seriously, I was thinking if you know, after your next heat… If you don't get pregnant, we could go see Doctor Madison. See how things are going…" Dean said softly, I turned around before I got to the living room and looked at him. "That sound's fine Dean, I agree, that I should get things looked at just so we know." I said and kissed him.
I was sitting on the bed in my pj's reading when Dean finally came in, I put my book away and pushed my glasses up "how much candy did you eat already?" I asked "what? I didn't eat any. I'm not one of those parent's who eat their kids' candy." Dean said with his ears turning red, "uh huh." I smiled "just hurry up and come to bed so we can send this picture to Sam and Jess." A few minutes later Dean was in bed and I sent the picture with the caption 'Happy Halloween from your 4 favorite Winchesters and Squirt!' "I really do like this picture." I said looking at it on my phone. "I'm going to make it my background." I smiled and set it right as my phone started ringing and Sam's picture ID came up I answered it and put it on speaker.
"I'm assuming that was a contraction?" Cas asked and Mary shook her head, "he's only 4 centimeters dilated. We're going to be here a while." she said. "Cas?" Dean whispered, "yeah baby?" "lay down with me?" Dean asked looking up. "Of course." Cas said and Dean slowly slid over to give him some room; Cas slid in and tucked an arm underneath Dean's neck, and Dean got as close as he could to Cas' side. "Cas?" Dean whispered again, "hmm?" "I'm sorry." Dean said a little louder, Mary and Ellen excused themselves from the room to give the two privacy.
Downstairs Cas just walked through the door, "Dean? Sam?" He called out, "living room!" Sam called out. "Hey, how was school?" Cas asked, Sam just shrugged, "fine." "Um, okay… Where's Dean?" Cas asked looking into the kitchen. "Upstairs… Probably moping around more and crying." Sam snapped, Cas just looked at him weird and headed up the stairs.
Meanwhile, Dean has been getting weird texts for the past week from an unknown number. Most of the time he just ignored them but they were getting weirder, he stared at the one he just received.
Dean came home after a long day of running errands, happy to have had the day to himself after Ellen offered to take care of Henry for a couple of days. He saw Cas’ suburban in the drive way but he wasn’t downstairs. As Dean got closer to their bedroom he could hear the shower running. “Cas! I’m home!” He yelled into the bathroom and then heard shushing and shampoo bottles falling to the ground. “Cas? You okay?” Dean asked and pushed the bathroom door open.
“I just thought it’d make me feel better and you of course.” Cas just held Dean close and let him cry it out. They laid there for a while longer before Dean spoke again.
"Was wron?" Cas slurred, "nothing just wrong number asking me where to meet them tonight." Dean lied and he felt his phone vibrate again, deciding to ignore it he jumped into the conversation going on in front of him. A few minutes later his phone vibrated again constantly, indicating that he was getting a phone call; he pulled his phone back out and saw Sam's name on the screen, "Cas stay here for a sec, Sam's calling me." Dean said and went to find a relatively quiet spot.
Shaking his head, Dean erased the message and shoved the phone back in his pocket, he knew that he should mention this to his mate, but he couldn't bring himself to do it.
"Gabriel is fine. He's sleeping now, Alex will be okay, they took him to the NICU to help his lungs develop a little more but Dr. Maddison said that if everything goes as plan Gabe should be able to take him home by the end of next week." I explained and I could see the relief on everyone's faces.
"He will be…" Cas started, "let's just say that it's going to be different between us from now on and things are going to change…" he said. "Okay… I'm not following." Gabe said and Cas sighed. "Gabe, what I'm about to tell you stays between us two, and I mean it. Do
A little while later, we got our usual morning rush with people stopping in before work. I was in the kitchen washing dishes when Gabe came back. "Uh Cassie, there's a man out here and he want's to talk to you." "Okay, do you know who it is?" I asked and wiped my hands on a towel. "No, he just said he wants to talk to the owner." Gabe said looking worried, "I'm sure it's nothing." I said more to myself and followed Gabe to the front room. A very sophisticated looking man was standing at the counter looking at one of the business cards, "hello, I believe you wanted to see me?" I asked, "ah yes, are you the owner?" The man asked.
"Come on, let's go see what Ms. Barnes wanted." Cas said tugging on Dean's arm gently to get him moving. They got to Ms. Barnes office and pushed open the door, sitting in one of the chairs was one of the judges, "ah Dean, congratulations on your ribbons!" She smiled, "I'd like to introduce you to Alex Murray, he's the head of the Art Museum." Ms. Barnes explained. "Um, hello." Dean said quietly but held out his hand, Alex shook his hand, "Dean I'm very impressed with your mountain painting, well all of your artwork." Alex said. "Thank you." Dean smiled a little. "Oh, um here, please sit down. Ms. Barnes already told me about your condition." he smiled a little gesturing to Dean's stomach.
'Like I said, pathetic. Even your own mother know's that you're a slut.' The voice started in, "I'm not a slut! I've never even kissed anyone!" Dean said to himself, 'yeah, but you're an omega. All omegas are sluts, just begging for an alpha's knot. You popped a boner just by looking and hearing Cas's voice. If that doesn't scream slut, I don't know what does.' The voice continued and Dean just squeezed his eyes shut and covered his ears as if he could block the voice.
Inside the room, Dean was laying in the bed with bandages around his wrists, some monitor around his stomach to watch the baby and his glasses were on a small table. "Oh Dean." Cas whispered moving towards the bed, "I'm so sorry I wasn't there when you needed me." he said and grabbed one of his hands.
Dean sat in the tub shivering from both the cold water and his heat, all he wants is Cas and he doesn't know why. I mean sure, they were boyfriends and he was an alpha; but Dean never craved an alpha before. Dean though about tonights events, how good it felt to be touched. He felt his dick twitch so he ran his hand down his chest and slowly started stroking himself.
box of diapers next to the new changing table. "I know. But at least we'll be using it." Cas chuckled putting the bath things in the small closet. "I don't think we'll need to buy any clothes for him till he's like 3." Dean laughed. "We should think of names." Cas said once they got everything put away and were on their couch watching TV. "Any ideas?" Dean asked, "a few…"
Jo laughed "it's alright" and gave him a quick hug. "I didn't know you were coming back." Dean said once they got a booth, "yeah, well I missed you guys so I thought I'd come home for the weekend." Jo said, "Joanna Beth! Get over here and help me!" Ellen yelled, and Jo rolled his eyes, "I'm coming! I'll talk to you later, nice meetin' ya Cas." She said and went to go help Ellen. After meeting Jo, they ate in comfortable silence, bumping each others feet every now and then and grinning like idiots.
"Now, your mother tells me you have a new boyfriend." Dr. Hansen said and Dean felt his heart stutter and butterflies fly in his stomach at the mention of Cas. He felt a small smile form on his face, "yeah. Yeah I do." Dean smiled, "I take it from that smile, that you're happy about him." "Yeah, Cas is amazing. I've only known him for a week, but there's something there." Dean said.
“No… I think I’m going to go shower and go to bed. I’m drained, you guys feel free to stay up longer.” He gave Cas a kiss and hugged Charlie and dragged himself up the stairs.
Dean grabbed their pizza and a few Cokes and followed Cas back to the living room. "Alright, uh.. We can watch tv or I have a bunch of movies." Dean said setting the food on the coffee table, "a movie would be fine… But I should warn you… I haven't seen many movies." Cas said and Dean spun around. "Please tell me you've at least seen Star Wars." "Uh.. that's the one with Spock right?" Cas said and a blush was creeping up his neck.
He was so comfortable he didn't hear Cas come up to him, "Dean?" Cas said softly and Dean's eyes flew open. "Cas, what are you doing up?" he asked, "well I could ask you the same… I rolled over and I didn't feel you in the bed so I woke up." he explained. "Oh, well I can't sleep so I came out here." Dean sighed. "You feeling okay?" Cas asked, "honestly? I don't even know. My whole body hurts, and I'm starting to freak out because the pup will be here before we know it." Dean said.
"I know, I'm sorry, I just got distracted when I came home." Dean said throwing everything into the washer, put the right amount of soap and shut the lid. "Honey, can we talk some more?" Mary asked when Dean started to leave, "uh, sure." he said and followed his mom to her room. "Okay, I've been thinking. Now, you're old enough to drive, and you're going to start dating, I'm going to give you a curfew. School nights it will be 19 and on weekends it will be midnight or 1, depending on where you're going and what you're doing. Okay?" Mary said and Dean just stared at her, "I've never had a curfew." He said looking hurt, "I know sweetie, just, after what we talked about today at Bobby and Ellen's I just want you to be safe." She said.
Once downstairs, they finally made it to their bedroom where Cas pulled his shirt off and tugged his belt the rest of the way off before pouncing on Dean, tackling him to the bed. Dean let out a gasp that quickly turned into a moan and started working on getting Cas out of his pants while sucking marks onto his chest.
“You’re welcome bud, now we can’t stay too much longer so once you’re done we need to go.Is is stuff all packed and ready?” Dean asked Ellen.
At one end of the freshly mown yard was a small wooden arch with flowers woven into it, a handful of chairs and fairy lights woven in through the fencing. “Cas?”
"I'll see you boys at home." Mary said kissing the top of Cas' head on her way out. "Uh, Tessa… C-Can I ask you something?" Cas asked, "of course." she said turning back around to face him. "Uh, it's kind of embarrassing…" he started, "you want to know when it's safe to have sex again don't you?" she smirked and Cas turned bright red and just nodded and found the floor very interesting, "i-it's just that uh… My rut is coming up next month and I uh, I didn't know if I needed to stay with my brother so I wouldn't hurt him." Cas mumbled.
"Okay, are the pains shooting down your lower back and stomach?" she asked and Dean nodded. "Shit." she whispered and Dean started to panic because Mary never cussed unless she was mad or something was really wrong. "Mom?!" Dean asked sounding so small but cried out in pain. "Dean, you're so upset you went into labor. We need to get you to the hospital so they can stop it before your water breaks." Mary said already running up the stairs.
I'm such a horrible person... Wow... I'm so, so sorry it's been so long guys! I've just been super busy and I start my new job Monday... But my wifi has been down for 3 days and is still currently down, so I'm mooching my grandparents! Anyway, enjoy the chapter and let me know what you think!!
"Seriously Cas, your friends seem a little stuck up." Amelia stated, "they are not stuck up, they're just concerned about Dean. In fact I should probably go find him." he said moving to get up, "hey, those two went after him, he'll be fine." she said grabbing for his arm. "No, Amelia. Look, I really do want to be your friend but I can't when Dean doesn't like me being with you, so until you can be nice and accept what's between Dean and I, I suggest you keep your distance."
"What, maybe I wanted to make brownies for you guys. Is that such a horrible thing to do?!" Dean snapped and tears started forming and a few fell down his cheeks, "Dean, why are you crying, it-it's fine… And why aren't you in heat?" Sam asked and Dean just shoved passed him and locked himself in his room. Downstairs Sam just stood there shocked of what just happened so he called Mary.
Dean didn’t know what to say so he just held onto Charlie and let her cry, letting tears flow as well. They ended up falling asleep.
Dean had 2 sketchbooks a set of new pencils and some paint when he found Cas looking at canvases. “Gonna do some painting of your own?” Dean smirked.
Back downstairs, Cas asked how she was. “She passed out the second we got up there. I’ll talk to her tomorrow.” Dean sighed, “I don’t know what the deal was.”
Dean was in a grumpy mood practically the whole day, he was somewhat happy when he hand't seen Amelia at all in the halls. But that went down the drain, they were sitting at lunch when a chair pulled up right next to Cas'. "Um hello?" Charlie said eyeing Amelia, "Hi. Hey Cas." She smiled and Dean let out a quiet growl that only Charlie, Benny, and Cas heard.
Cas made sure Amelia drove away before going to find Dean. He made his way into the nursery and found Dean holding Henry in the rocker humming ‘Hey Jude’. “Stop staring… It’s weird.” Dean mumbled and looked at Cas with red eyes.
"Anything sweetie what is it?" "Well, uh my heat kinda came early and John and Dean wont be back till tomorrow and John already told us that he would keep Mary for the week, so I was wondering if you'd be able to watch Mary tonight, I don't think I will be able to take care of her…" I said "Of course honey, I'll come over and get her." "Okay, we will be home in a minute, we were at the park." I said "Okay, I'll look for your car." Missouri said, I thanked her and hung up. We pulled into the driveway and Missouri was already sitting on our porch; she came down the steps and was getting Mary out of her car seat before I could even get out of the car.
Between his two and only friends his Mom and Sam, he couldn't tell them because he felt like he didn't want to burden them with his problems. Today was the first day of Junior year, sure Dean got good grades, the only class he actually enjoyed was his photography class. Dean shook himself out of his daze and cranked the water as hot as he could stand it and viciously scrubbed his skin, riding himself of any trace of his heat. "Fuck being an omega." Dean growled and threw his scent blocking soap on the floor and shut off the water.
Dean dropped Charlie off and headed back to the house, “Henry do you need to go to the bathroom before we go see papa?”
“You are a smart omega aren’t you.” Amelia smirked. “I’ll see you around boys. Oh, and I’ll make sure to let Alistair know how happy you are.” Amelia turned and walked away before anyone could say/do anything.
Charlie, Dorothy, Benny, and Andrea showed up around 5:30 and the girls went to Gabe's room while Gabe and Benny went to the master and Dean and Cas went into Cas's room. "Why didn't we just-omph." Dean started but was shoved against the door and Cas was licking into his mouth, Dean moaned into the kiss gripping Cas's hips. "Dean…." Cas moaned breaking the kiss and hiding his face in Dean's neck. They stood there gasping for breath, "where'd that come from?" Dean asked. "I-I uh. I need to tell you something. I was going to wait till tonight, but I can't." Cas said pulling away so he could see Dean's face.
"What can I get you guys to drink?" "Beer please." Dean said "coke is fine thanks Ellen." "Okay, does Mary need anything?" Ellen asked, "no, I brought her milk." I said pulling a bottle of hot sauce from Mary's hands. "Alright, I'll be back." Ellen said coming back a few minutes later, "here you go boys, know what you want?" "Our usual please." Dean said, "okay Mary honey, what do you want?" Ellen asked looking at Mary, "nuggets!"
After the session, Dr. Hansen was going through his notes, "well Dean, things are starting to look good, I would like to see you just once next week. After that we can see if we can go back to every other week." he explained. "Okay, thank you." Dean said and met Cas outside, "how'd it go?" Cas asked after giving Dean a kiss, "good. I'm going to see him next Wednesday, then he'll determine if we can go back to just every other week." Dean smiled grabbing Cas' hand.
20 minutes later Dean was sitting in the Impala staring at the light pink scars across his wrist. 'You're such a failure. Can't even kill yourself properly.' The voice started and Dean flinched, "Cas. Distract me." Dean said squeezing his eyes shut. "What?" "DISTRACT ME! PLEASE!" he shouted digging his nails into his palm when the voice was getting worse; Cas panicked and didn't know what to say so he just turned Dean's face so they were facing and he smashed their mouths together roughly.
“Don’t. I know what you’ve been doing in the showers. You don’t realize how different you smell after.” Dean said quietly.
“Definitely. She’s probably going to still try and pull the Cas is the father card even though we got proof of him not.”
Neither of them knew how long they sat there, they only broke apart when Lucy decided to join them on the bed. Mary sniffed and pulled away, "I'm sorry." she whispered and Dean's head shot up, "wh-why are you sorry?" he asked baffled. "I should have noticed something was wrong. I should have talked to you after you're father left." "Mom, stop. Please don't blame yourself." Dean said fresh tears dripping down his face. "I-it's my burden to bear. I did this to my self, I-I deserve to have you disappointed in me and everything." Dean said taking his glasses off to rub his good eye.
I must have fallen asleep again because I woke up to the sound of knocking. I sat up and saw Dean standing at the door in nothing but pajama pants, when he turned around he was pulling in a cart with 4 covered dishes. "Oh good you're awake. Sorry, I was hungry and it's 7 and I didn't know what to get." Dean rambled. I slid out of bed and fished a pair of pajama pants out of my bag and slid them on, "Dean, it's fine. I'm starving." I said and sat at the little table in the corner of the room. Dean brought over a medium sized bowl filled with salad, "do my eyes deceive me or is the big bad Dean Winchester actually eating a salad?!" I teased while piling some onto my plate.
"Don't walk away from me while I'm talking to you." John yelled and continued to follow him. "Why the fuck are you going down here anyway, it's dusty and dirty?" he grumbled. "Oh! OF FUCKING COURSE! Precious Dean get's knocked up and Mary builds you a fucking paradise down here." John yells. Still ignoring John, Dean makes his way to Henry's nursery and quickly changes him and to calm him down enough to sleep.
He just stood there staring after his brother wondering when he grew up and became so smart. Dean then slipped the hair tie on his wrist and gave it a snap, wincing a little. He ran back to his room and threw his sweatshirt back on and went to get his sheet's from the laundry room when he stopped. His bed was already made with his old Batman sheets, Mary must have snuck in his room and put the sheets on his bed. Dean felt bad about yelling at her, he debated on if he should go apologize. "Nah, it's late I'll just do it in the morning." Dean said to himself and crawled under the covers.
“Always am. I’ll see you later bud.” Cas said and kissed the side of Henry’s head before strapping him into the carseat in the suburban.
"I like that idea." Cas grinned following him after pulling the plug to let the water drain. Shortly they were on the couch making out like their lives depended on it. They never got too carried away, both too tired for anymore activities for the night, so they laid there lazily kissing and whispering I love you.
"It depends on the pregnancy honey. Some last a month or two, some it lasts the whole 9 months." Mary said leaning up against the door frame and Dean just let out a whine. "I'm sorry baby, I'll be here as much as you need me." Cas said, "no, fuck you. This is your fault." Dean said moving away from Cas, who was stunned. "Dean Michael." Mary scolded, "this is equally your fault too. Now, believe me, I
"I will be back momentarily to get your order." He said and walked away. Dean poured us some wine while I looked at the menu, "I think I'm going to get the chicken alfredo… What are you gonna get?" I asked placing my menu on the table and took a sip of wine. "I don't know, probably spaghetti with the huge ass meatballs." Dean said setting his menu on top of mine. We ordered and talked about the bakery and the shop until our food arrived and we ate in silence. Once we were finished eating Dean paid and we headed home, "I have a surprise for you when we get home."
Cas’ heart broke as he crouched down to Claire’s level. He shot a quick glare to Amelia before speaking. “Claire, sweetie… I’m sorry but I’m not your father. Henry’s not your brother. He’s still your friend but I’m afraid you were given false information.”
"Alright Dean, lay down on the table and we'll get started." He said turning on the machine, once Dean was in place they started the scan. "Scan looks good Dean, there's no swelling or anything. Now, your arm is another story, the break along your wrist is looking good and healing fast, but the other two along your radius and your ulna aren't healing as fast." The doctor said pointing out the cracks.
Sarah ran to the corner of the room and curled up. Dean’s heart broke for the girl, knowing deep down that she’ll never be the same. “S-s-s-stay away from me.”
“Nigh, nigh Charlie! Papa come up here!” Dean let out a chuckle and carried followed Henry to his room.
"You're doing good baby come on, you can do it." Dean encouraged after 5 minutes of pushing, "one more push Cas." Dr. Maddison said, I took a deep breath and pushed, "alright, looks like the first pup is Henry!" Dr. Maddison said but something wasn't right. There wasn't a cry or anything, just silence. "Dean! Dean what's wrong he's not crying!" I started panicking "he's not breathing, Alyssa, I need you to rush him to the NICU. Get the oxygen going and put it on high!" Dr. Maddison ordered and handed the nurse Henry.
“Nothing really…. Just. Jess is really starting to show now and it just really got to me today. I know it shouldn’t. Plus people keep giving me weird looks because of it.”
“After I came home from dropping you off…” Charlie started, her voice shaking. “I-I walked in on Dorothy and someone else.” Charlie started crying and Dean immediately pulled her into a hug.
"Went shopping with Sam, should be home in a few hours." I said "hey, you gotta help me come up with a solution to block off the stairs, we had to put the baby gates up around the tree so Mary wouldn't mess with it." I said, "no but you could do what we did at the house, before we were kicked out." Gabe suggested. "What did we do?" I asked "right, you wouldn't remember. We put chicken wire around the tree cuz you would try to open everyone's presents." "Good idea, I'll call Dean." I said going to the kitchen where I left my phone.
“You’re no fun.” Dean huffed. They made their way back to the parking lot when they came across a bunch of frat boys headed to a party.
Once Mary came back downstairs Ellen spoke up. “Alright. Henry’s in bed, what’s going on?” Dean and Cas took turns explaining the Amelia situation and how they were trying to figure what else they could do. Dean was crying from the stress of everything and was still having minor anxiety attacks just from the memories she has brought back.
Dean set Henry down on the island counter and went into the pantry to get the macaroni noodles. “Papa, I want hotdog not a burger.”
"Cas pleaasssee tell me. He's one of my best friends!" Charlie begged, "yeah Cas, I'm worried about him too." Benny said and he just sighed, "fine. But let me call him and ask if it's okay to tell you." he said pulling out his phone. He called Dean but he never answered, "he must be sleeping or something." Cas said setting his phone on the table but it rang instantly and Dean's name popped up.
Dean was standing in Bobby's room after school talking about a few random things. "So.. You and Cas?" Bobby started and Dean blushed, "uh, what about us?" "Don't mess with me boy. I heard you two idjits talkin'. Sounds to me like you got a date." Bobby smiled a little. "Shut up." Dean said turning a deeper shade of red. "Where you going?" Bobby asked, "I uh, I don't know…"
Dean just sat there letting the blood drip down his arm, a few minutes later he finally got up. He poked his head out his door to see if his mom or Sam were out of their rooms before jogging to the bathroom. As Dean stood at the sink cleaning the cut the door swung open and Sam walked in. "Sam!" Dean yelled turning his back so he wouldn't see the cuts.
Dean turned the shower on and quickly shed his clothes and got under the spray not bothering to wait for it to warm up. He gasped at the cold water but still reached for his shampoo. Dean didn’t realize he was still smiling until he tasted the shampoo that had run down his face and into his mouth.
I set the phone down and tried to get some sleep which I knew would be pointless. Somehow, I managed to fall asleep because my phone ringing jolted me out of a very vivid dream leaving me incredibly hard. I looked at the clock, it was 7:30; I looked at the caller i.d and when I saw it was Dean I answered immediately.
Ava quickly cleaned her up and placed her in my arms. "Oh my god. You're finally here! You're so beautiful!" I sobbed and was met with pale blue eyes. "Dean, what about Henry?" I said still crying, "I-I don't know baby, I don't know." He said softly and I passed Lily up to him and curled into my self holding back sobs. I had my back turned to the door but I could hear Sam's voice, "Dean? Can we come in?" "Sure Sammy." Dean replied. "Dean what happened? We-we saw one of the nurses rush out with one of the twins." John said quietly, and a sob escaped my lips.
All he heard on repeat was pathetic and slut, he slowly crawled to his night stand and pulled out the bottom drawer and grabbed the blade hidden beneath everything else. "I said shut up!" Dean said, yanked his sweatshirt off and made a long gash on his left bicep and breathed out a sigh of relief when the voice stopped.
." Dean growled and felt a little bad when Henry whimpered in his sleep. "Yes, but I've known him longer and quite frankly, we've dated longer than you have." She challenged, "alright. You may have known him longer but if you can answer these next few questions I'll let it go and allow Cas back into your life and I'll let him go." Dean said and set Henry's carseat on the ground. "Alright, easy." Amelia grinned and crossed her arms.
Two day's later we were headed to Bobby and Ellen's for Christmas, Mary had already opened all her gifts from Santa and currently had the teddy bear that was under the tree clutched in her hands. "Hey guys!" Jo greeted us at the door and ushered us in, "hey Jo, Merry Christmas." I said and gave her a kiss on the cheek. Everyone was seated in the living room and you could tell Sam was nervous, by time it was time to eat Sam barely touched his food.
I hung up and came out of my office to see Gabe and Charlie arguing "are you stupid? Red doesn't even fit in with our color scheme!" Charlie grouched while they were hunched over her tablet. "Yeah, but yellow is too much." Gabe argued. "What are you to fighting about now?" I groaned when I reached them, "the shirt design." Charlie said putting away the tablet. "Oh, well save it for later, Dean wants me to come home so I'm going to clean up a little then head home. I'll see you all tonight." I said and headed back to the kitchen to clean up my mess and headed out to my car.
"Boys! Come down here please!" Mary yelled up the stairs and shortly after a very sleepy Dean and Cas stumbled down the stairs. "Mom, it's 7:30 in the morning. What is so important." Dean grouched rubbing the sleep out of his eyes before putting his glasses on.
"Oh, I uh.. I heard about your dad. I'm so sorry Dean." Charlie said and Dean stopped in his tracks. "Thanks Charlie, but I would rather not talk about it." He said and continued walking "okay, sorry." she said and they met Benny in homeroom "Red! Welcome back!" Benny said and picked her up in a huge bear hug. He put her down and clapped Dean on the back, "one more year of this hell and we're outta here!" Benny said and put his feet up on the desk. "Hey, did you hear there's a few new kids this year?" Charlie asked, "yeah I heard, do you know who they are?" Benny asked. "Nope, just that it's two boys. One's in our class and the other I think is a senior." Charlie replied.
Dean was sitting on the deck watching Charlie and Henry run around. “Hey guys.” Dean greeted once he saw Cas and Benny. “Where have you been Benny? I haven’t seen you in a while.”
Dean completely ignored the rest of Mr. Singer's, or as Dean know's him as Uncle Bobby, lecture of how to handle a camera and everything else for the new kids, so he just pulled out a sheet he'd gotten in the mail going over what to start covering for yearbook. Dean was so enthralled with ideas of how to make the yearbook the best one yet, he didn't hear the door open or the short conversation between Mr. Singer and the new guest, Dean heard the chair next to him be slid out so he slowly looked away from his list thinking it was the teacher.
Dean noticed Charlie’s change of clothes when he walked in. “I brought you a couple things.” He set the drinks and crackers on the night stand.
“So, my parent’s are driving me insane and since I was on a campus apartment I didn’t have to worry about rent or anything, but I can’t go back to the apartment I’m just going to let Dorothy have it.” Charlie rambled.
I pulled out two photo albums and brought my lap top to the bed, "ready to take a stroll down memory lane?" I asked sliding in next to Dean. "Let's start with this one." I said putting the album on both of our legs, the first page was filled with graduation photos, "Cas, I remember all of this…" Dean said as I flipped the page to some Christmas pictures, "I know, but there's pictures in hear that you don't remember too. Just be patient." I said and flipped the page again and I felt Dean stiffen a little.
"Why are you making a big deal out of this?!" Cas yelled back. "I heard you Cas! I know you two used to date! Hell, I'm sure you were together all the way up till before you moved!" Dean yelled, "Yes actually." Cas said quieter this time and Dean felt sick. "Well you move on fast." he said, his voice shaking. "Did you love her?" he whispered, "what?" "DID YOU LOVE HER?!" Dean shouted, "I-I thought I did… But I
"Dean, it's only 5:30. Go back to sleep okay. I'll let your mom know you're awake." Cas said quietly, "kay." Dean said and snuggled up to Cas' side making sure not to put pressure on his wrists. Cas wrapped one arm around him and grabbed his phone bringing up Mary's contact and hit send.
"Dean, there was no reason to yell at her." I sighed and put Lily down in the crib and went to the bathroom to see Mary curled up on the floor crying. "Come here bug." I said and she ran over so I picked her up and rocked her a little. "Daddy didn't mean to yell. You just have to remember that for a long time daddy and I are going to be very tired and busy with the twins. But we still will have plenty of time for you. So if we ever snap at you, we're just tired okay?" I asked and sat her on the edge of the sink.
"Thank you, now let me see that baby!" She grinned and Dean just chuckled and set the car seat on the counter. "Oh goodness! He's just precious." She cooed and Henry just stared intensely at the new woman. "Yeah, he is pretty cute." Dean chuckled and said goodbye and headed towards Bobby's. He was about 10 minutes early so it was just Bobby in the room.
“I don’t know! She could just be waiting for us to get home to see how things went. You’re too jumpy about things.”
“I don’t know. I’ll let you know before we leave.” Cas walked into their bedroom just as Dean pulled on a pair of jeans. “Dean, please know I didn’t start the hug.”
In the bathroom Dean was sitting on the closed toilet seat with another blade in his hands just staring at it. 'Do it. You know you want to. Sure you're almost 2 months clean, why not fuck that up too like you fuck everything else up.' the voice started and Dean just closed his eyes and took deep breaths.
Once his hair was washed, Dean traded places with Cas and gave him the same treatment. They ran a towel through their hair while the tub filled, "go ahead and get in, I'll get in behind you." Cas said shutting the water off. As soon as Dean sat in the warm water he moaned, "this feels amazing." he said closing his eyes once he was settled against Cas's chest. "I agree. Although I'm sure it feels so much better for you since you're still sore.
“I will once I get things cleaned up and the pie in the oven. I promise.” Dean huffed but still gave Cas a quick kiss before heading up the stairs.
5 hours later, Claire Charlotte Novak was born. "Aw, she's beautiful." I said rocking her in my arms, "mama! I wanna see!" Mary said tugging on my jean's alright, come here." I said moving over to sit in a chair so Mary could see her new cousin. Mary smiled and leaned forward and kissed Claire's cheek causing her small nose to scrunch up. I handed her over to Anna and Gabriel leaned over to me, "I don't want to ruin their moment, but since everyone's here besides Lucifer… Maybe I should tell them." He whispered, "want help breaking the news?" I whispered back.
After dinner Dean decided that he needed some air, "mom, I'm gonna go take Lucy for a walk!" Dean hollered from the front door. "Okay honey, don't stay out too long and wear your jacket!" Mary called from somewhere in the house. "Alright girl, let's go." Dean said and clipped the leash to her collar. Dean ended up circling the block before he came home, he let Lucy loose and she shot into the house.
Dean said gently tugging on one of Mary's curls, "daddy stop." Mary whined leaning away from him keeping her focus on the screen. "Sounds fine, do I get to drive the Impala then?" I asked smiling up at him. "Yeah, on the way home." Dean said bending down to give me a kiss. "Kay, well I'm going to jump in the shower and we can hit the road." Dean came back down right as the ending credits started. "Daddy! Let go!" Mary yelled jumping off my lap running over to Dean. "Okay bug, go get your jacket." Dean said pulling me out of the recliner.
"Clever, wish I would have thought of that… I just told Dean that he would find out sooner or later." John chuckled. We talked for a while and I started yawning, "well, I'll let you get some rest, I think I'll go back to the kitchen and see what's left for me to do. I'll be right back to take your tray." John said standing up and picking up the chair.
Half an hour later, they were downstairs at the front door, once again in front of Cas' parent's. Cas handed over his phone and the keys to his father, "I've set up a court date Monday to take you out of our family." Bartholomew stated. Cas just nodded his head and they walked out the door with out a goodbye. Dean knew Cas was keeping a strong face for him but he could smell how upset he really was, "will you drive?" Dean asked and Cas just nodded.
"I'm only a beta so I can't really do anything to stop him, but just know Castiel, that I didn't want you to leave, or Gabriel. I'm sorry for how things have gone down, but we're moving to California… I'll try to keep in touch with you but I can't make any promises." Naomi said and handed Henry over. "Goodbye Castiel." she whispered and for the first time since Cas was little, Naomi kissed his cheek. She ran a finger down Henry's cheek and left.
Dean chuckled and hopped off the counter and gave Cas’ bulge a soft squeeze. Cas gasped and squirmed out of the way, “don’t do that.”
"I called Ellen, Bobby will pick you up at the hospital once you're done with your X-ray." Mary said, and Dean just nodded. "Oh, and I uh… I signed you up for one therapy session with Dr. Hansen." Mary said and Dean's head shot up, "what?! Mom I-I." "Dean stop. Honey it's one session only. I promise, I- just if you need medication then I need to know what to prescribe you." Mary said tears forming in her eyes. Dean was pissed, but he also saw where his mom was coming from. "Yeah, okay. Just one session." Dean said and finished his cereal. "Should I go get Benny and Charlie?" Dean asked, "nah, let them sleep." Mary said and they walked out the door.
Amelia cried her crocodile tears and acted offended. “Cas… You know I’ve always loved you.” She flung herself into Cas arms and cried. “I miss you… I just want a good life for Claire, I know you’re a good father.”
"So Dean, where's Cas taking you friday?" Mary asked, "what?! Dean you're going on a date?!" Sam said eyes wide, "yeah… Um I-I don't know, he said we would talk about it later since he sorta asked me during photography." Dean said focusing on his plate. "Oh, well I'm sure you'll have fun where ever he takes you." Mary said, "yeah, but not too much fun." Sam giggled "Samuel Jonathan!" Mary scolded and Dean blushed bright red. "Well, I do want to meet him so have him come over either tomorrow or an hour before your date." Mary said and Dean nodded.
"oomph, Dean, I could have gotten out of the chair myself." I said but kissed him anyway. "Yeah, but I wanted to." Dean said deepening the kiss. My hands ended up tangled in his hair and Dean's grabbed my ass when I moaned into the kiss. "Ewwww" Mary yelled covering her eyes and we broke apart laughing "sorry baby girl." Dean chuckled and we got in the Impala.
Cas clung to his brother and let a new wave of tears flow. He saw Charlie sneak into the kitchen to give them some privacy and so she could start eating.
“I said, shut up!” Dean yelled and sliced into his arm, not even realizing he had torn the razor apart. He stared in shock at the blood running down his arm. It wasn’t deep enough to cause any real damage. Dean forgot the almost ‘euphoric’ feeling of cutting.
Around 5 Dean dropped Sam off at Bobby's and headed to Cas's, he let himself in and found the boys bickering in the kitchen. "Come on Cassie! Just try it!" Dean walked into the kitchen and saw Gabe trying to force-feed Cas some sort of cupcake. "No! I'm not going to! Gabe stop!" Cas yelled shoving his brother away. "Why are you turning down a cupcake?" Dean asked finally getting tired of the brothers fight, "Dean!" Gabe shouted and knocked Cas off his chair, "try the cupcake!" he said practically shoving it in his face.
"Oh Castiel, he's beautiful." Naomi whispered, "may I?" she asked and Cas just nodded and watch her carefully pick his son up. Henry whimpered at the movement but never woke, "he's got your hair." Naomi smiled and Cas saw a tear roll down her cheek, "he's got Dean's nose too." he smiled.
"Do you want me to call the school?" Mary asked, "no. It's done and over with." Dean said and took his food down stairs, not feeling up to talking to everyone; knowing Cas would follow he didn't shut the door behind him. He set his things on the coffee table and went in to check on Henry, who was awake but just staring intently at his hands. "Hey big guy. Why don't you join papa and I?" Dean said and scooped up Henry, who gave him a gummy smile in return.
They stepped off the elevator and made their way down the hall. As they got closer, Cas saw one of the nurses that took Henry this morning come out of the NICU. "Cas! I was just about to come give you an update. Uh, who's this?" She asked eyeing Naomi. "Oh, uh Clair, this is my mother, Naomi." Cas introduced the two, "oh, nice to meet you, now Cas, we've got Henry's temp stable, it's still a little high, but you can go in and see him and hold him for a little bit. Is Dean still asleep?" she asked.
Charlie was quiet during lunch. “Red, come help me put Henry down for his nap then we’ll talk.” They got Henry down and Dean lead Charlie to the bedroom. “Um sorry for the smell… I’ll crack a window.” Dean said not realizing how bad the room smelt of devastated omega.
The next day I was in the laundry room checking Dean's pockets before putting them in the washer knowing that he leaves things in there when I pulled out a receipt. I unfolded the receipt and looked at it feeling like ice water had been shot into my veins. It was a receipt from the jewelry store at the mall for an engagement ring. Why would Dean be buying a engagement ring?! I started getting nervous and a little pissed, I threw the rest of the laundry into the washer and stormed out of the laundry room and found Dean stretched out on the couch.
me being out so close to my… well my you know what… Mom wanted me home earlier." Dean said, "okay, I can live with that." Cas smirked and kissed his boyfriend real quick before going to his last class.
I was in a dead sleep when I heard a small voice. "Mama?… Mama wake up." I woke up and Mary was standing on my side of the bed with tears running down her face. "Mary, baby. What's wrong?" I asked sliding out of the bed crouching down to Mary's level and she wrapped her arms around me and started crying. "Mary, honey tell me what's wrong, you're scaring me." I whispered pushing her curls back and wiping her tears.
By time 4:15 rolled around Cas had practically paced every inch of the house and was startled when there was a honk outside. He threw on his shoes and ran outside to the car. "Hello Cas." Mary said with a small smile. "Hi… Um, can you tell me what's going on?" Cas asked nervously, "I'm sorry Cas, but it's between you and Dean." Mary said and pulled into the driveway. "Wait… Is-isn't Dean supposed to be in heat?" Cas asked but continued getting out of the car. "He is supposed to be, yes. But he's not." Mary said and walked into the house, Cas followed her and carefully scented the house, nope, no smell of Dean's heat, just the mix of the three members of the house hold, "he's probably up in his room. Go ahead and go up." Mary said heading towards the living room.
"Oh god, don't stop!" I moaned and gripped the bed sheets, "Dean! Dean I-I'm-" I couldn't finish my warning before shooting my load down Dean's throat. Dean pulled off with a wet pop and scooted up the bed, "wow, it's been awhile since we've done that…" Dean chuckled and I just pulled him in for a kiss. "Make love to me." I whispered and Dean kissed me one more time and grabbed a pillow to put under my hips. Dean slowly peppered kisses down my body starting from my neck down to my chest and stopping at the swell of my stomach placing a lot more kisses before moving on.
Before we could answer she was walking away. We finished eating and Dean left $15 on the table for Jo and we headed to the Impala hand in hand. The ride to the theater was spent with Dean ambushing me with questions. "Dean, for the last time, I'm not going to tell you what's going to happen. If you really want to know, read the books." I said after the 3rd time Dean asked me. "I don't understand… She likes this Gale dude, but she's caught up on Peeta." Dean whispered halfway through the movie, I just shushed him and continued to watch the move.
"Okay Dean take your shirt off and I'll unwrap your rib." Mary said once they were in the room for X-rays. Dean slowly pulled his shirt of wishing that he just wore a flannel so he could just unbutton it. Before Mary started un wrapping the gauze she grabbed one of Dean's arms, "mom! What are you doing?" Dean gasped and try to yank his arm away. "Stay still. I just want to make sure none of them are infected. When was the last time you cut?" She asked quietly. "When we had that argument in your room." Dean said giving up on fighting his mother, "good. I'm proud of you honey." Mary smiled a little and Dean just scoffed, "can we drop it please?" Mary just sighed and let go of her son's arm and took the x-ray.
"What! Why?!" Dean asked, "really, that's kinda rude don't ya think, Cassie over here gave you a blow job and you didn't return the favor?" Gabe asked wiggling his eyebrows, "I was, I-I just… I went into heat… And Cas had to rush me home." Dean said blushing and started playing with his bottle of beer. "Oh, uh.. Never mind then." He said. "Why don't we switch to truth or dare…" Jo suggested and Dean was thankful that everyone agreed, now that he was embarrassed he chugged like half of his beer. "I'll start." Ash suggested, "Charlie, truth or dare?"
“Cuz nobody find me… Is that why you crying aunt Charlie?” Henry asked. Charlie just nodded and held him closer.
Dean heard the shower shut off and the door open as he continued to was Henry’s body. “Hi papa.” Henry grinned.
"Dean, I almost forgot, this is their daughter, Claire, she's almost 6 months." I said "oh wow, she's beautiful." "Well we should get going before Gabe throws a fit because everyone's not there." Jimmy chuckled; I put Claire in the old baby swing and went to the kitchen to kiss Mary goodbye. "Alright bug, we're gonna go, remember, you can play with Clair all you want but you gotta be gentle okay? Be good and listen to Missouri." "Ok mama." Mary said around an apple chunk I kissed her cheek and Dean said the same.
call mom and dad, I will tell them when they get back." Cas said and Gabe rolled his eyes, "okay, I promise it stays between us two."
Mary squealed trying to escape her highchair. "Okay, just a minute let me clean you up." I said grabbing a wash cloth to wipe off the ketchup and other food off her face. We migrated back to the living room and I set Mary on the floor and brought over her presents. She received a new doll from John, Sam and Jess got her a Stanford t-shirt and a few shells from the beach, and Dean and I got her a new doll house for her room. "Thank you!" Mary squealed when she opened all her presents.
"Oh, I'm so happy for you guys." Mary said with tears in her eyes, Dean chuckled and slid off the table, "you going to be okay mom?" she just nodded and pulled Dean and Cas in for a hug, when they pulled apart Mary gently patted Dean's stomach, "okay Dean let's get you weighed then you can go to school." Mary said already walking over to the scale. "Good. You're weight is were it should be, now don't forget to meet at the Roadhouse after practice alright?" she said "yes ma'am." Dean smiled and they walked back to the Impala.
"Ducky?" she asked in a small voice, I stood back up and looked under the sink. We kept a few bath toys in our bathroom for when Mary would take her baths in here. "Here you go honey." I said handing her the duck and kneeling back down to finish her bath. Once Mary was done I wrapped her in a towel and started to drain the tub; I carried Mary back to her room to put another diaper and some pajamas on and put her in her bed, "no! Mama!" Mary started crying reaching up for me, "shh, Mary lay down." I said pulling the blankets back up, "no!" Mary started kicking off the blankets. "Damn it Mary, okay, lay here for a few minutes and I'll come back okay?" I said pulling the blankets up one more time and Mary stayed.
"Just to inform me that our parents came home and want me home by 11. Which I was going to leave by anyway since I have to work in the morning." Cas said throwing his phone on the table. "Oh, uh… Where do you work?" Dean asked feeling stupid that he doesn't even know anything about Cas and yet here they were sucking each others faces. "At the Gas 'N Sip by the library." Cas replied. "Oh.. But uh, I just realized I don't know shit about you." Dean said and rubbed the back of his neck.
"Oh… Uh, thanks." he mumbled and grabbed a plate and slowly sat down, wincing just a little. "Dude, how are you so sore." Sam scoffed and Dean just stared at him like he had grown a second head. "Sam!" Ellen scolded, "you trie pushing something out of the size of a golfball." Dean glared and Sam went pale, "okay, ew. And sorry…" he mumbled ands shoved a fork full of salad in his mouth.
"I'm okay… Don't think I'm depressed or anything, I mean, yeah it was hard going home the next day without Henry. But, Cas and my mom and everyone has been awesome. I'm just counting down the days for when I can bring my baby home." he grinned.
“It’s relatively new. It’s a practice that specializes in making sure abused omegas have a voice and are able to get back on their feet.”
Hi, I'm so sorry that it's been forever since I've updated. I'm such a shitty person for that... I just have a hard time writing now and I don't know why... I've got plans and ideas for this story, I just don't know how to quite get there yet. I'm sure I've lost most of the readers for this, so I'm sorry again for that. I'd love to hear from you guys, wether it's to let me know you're still interested in this or if it's to give me some ideas.
"Dean, what happened wasn't your fault. We got hit by a drunk driver who unfortunately, was killed on impact. We walked away, just be glad your not in your coma still and at least it's just a broken arm. It could be a whole lot worse. Please, don't get upset." I whispered and started to wash the soap out of his hair. I helped Dean out of the tub and helped him dry off, "hopefully your cast is off before I'm not able to get down and up. It's already getting difficult." I said while on my knees drying Dean's legs.
Dean sprinted into the school and made it into his English class right as the bell rang. Everyone stared at him while he made his way to his seat, once he was seated he caught eyes with Cas. He looked confused as to why Dean sprinted in there like a mad man. The class seemed to last forever, and Dean's growling stomach didn't help the case, he kept getting funny looks from the other students, which was making his anxiety flair up so he started snapping the hair tie against his wrist to distract himself.
Dean turned around, tears already filling his eyes. “I can’t believe it. I-I never in my wildest dreams thought this day would come.”
"Dean? Do, do you think dad will ever come back?" Sam asked quietly, "Sam. Don't talk about it okay? I-I don't think so but honestly, I don't give a rat's ass if he does. He left because neither of us turned out to be an alpha like he wanted. I'm a fucking omega and you're a beta. Dad got pissed and left." Dean said trying to stay calm. "Okay, sorry. I wont bring it up again." Sam said quietly and got out of the car. "Sammy wait!" Dean got out of the Impala and Sam stopped and turned around, "I'm sorry, I shouldn't of snapped. H-ha-have a good day." Dean said and drove towards the high school.
"Mama?" Mary asked in a small voice, "what?" "daddy mad. You mad." Mary sniffled, "we're upset because you wouldn't listen. You need to listen to us Mary, okay?" I said kissing her forehead when she nodded. Dean returned with her clothes right as I took the swimsuit off. "Daddy?" Mary asked quietly, "I sorry." she continued "it's okay bug, but you got to listen to what your mama and I say." Dean said and I chuckled. "What's so funny Cas?" Dean asked a small smile forming on his face, "that's exactly what I told her." I said taking the clothes out of his hands.
“My nephew almost dies today and you think I’m not going to stop by?” Gabe scoffed and pulled his brother in for a hug.
Ellen and Mary came back outside and Mary ran up to me, "mama can I swim now?" "Did Ellen put sunscreen on?" I asked and Mary nodded her head, "then yes, you can go swim now." I smiled and Mary took off running to the little plastic pool. "Ellen, I can't believe you still have that old thing." Dean said as Ellen walked by. "Well, it was in the garage and Bobby was gonna throw it away but since we have someone who will use it now we thought we would keep it. Took forever to clean." Ellen said as we watched Mary splash around.
Dean got dressed in the outfit he and Charlie picked out and looked at himself in the mirror. He had on light blue jeans that fit in all the right places a black t-shirt and his nicest green flannel to make his eyes pop. Dean pulled on his boots and went downstairs, Cas would be there in half an hour. He turned on the tv and found an episode of Dr. Sexy to watch till Cas got there, about twenty minutes the doorbell rang so Dean shut the tv off and grabbed his house keys. He opened the door and Cas smiled and leaned in, the stood there kissing for a few minutes before Dean pulled away. "Well hello to you too." He smiled and Cas just chuckled and they made their way towards Cas's car. They pulled up to Cas's house 5 minutes later, "holy shit Cas!" Dean said when he saw the huge house. "Yeah, it's a bit much…" Cas said and they got out of the car and headed inside. "Mom? Dad?" Cas called out and Naomi and Bartholomew came around the corner.
Cas just clutched at the back of her shirt and breathed in the motherly smell behind the bleach. "I'm sorry." Cas said sniffling and pulling away, "it's okay, really." Mary reassured him, "I called the hospital and I got a bed big enough to fit you both in. I know you being with him will help him get better." she said.
Beep… Beep… Beep… I opened my eyes slowly and everything was a little blurry, I could make out two people by the door talking. When I tried concentrating harder on the two people my head began to throb and I let out a small moan. "Cassie?! Cassie oh god you're awake!" I heard Gabe say and he grabbed my hand. When I reopened my eyes everything was clear and I could tell Gabe had been crying, "Mary?" I croaked and then cleared my throat "where is she?" I asked; "she's still with Missouri, everyone else is here though. I'll go get your doctor." Gabe said and walked out.
"Lily stay out of my room!" I heard Mary call from her new bedroom. We converted the office into a bedroom for Mary so she could have some privacy. "You're not mom and dad, you can't tell me what to do!" I heard Lily yell back so I made my way to break up the fight. "Both of you stop yelling. Lily, I told you to stay out of your sister's room unless you have permission." I scolded and she just rolled her eyes and shoved passed me.
"Tired." Dean stated and Mary chuckled, "and the contractions?" she asked, "getting stronger and lasting a bit longer than the ones before it." Dean explained. "Good, that means your labor is progressing smoothly. I'll be back in, in about an hour with Tessa to look you over again." she said and kissed Dean's forehead before leaving.
Dean smiled a little at his pup, “not yet but I’m getting there.” He gave Henry one last hug before putting him down and following him into the dining room.
“Alright, what’s going on?” Dean asked once the window was cracked and he climbed into bed next to Charlie.
"Uh… I'm an aquarius, Sammy and my mom mean everything to me. Uh, you already know my uncle Bobby works at the school, his wife, my mom's sister is Ellen she owns the Roadhouse. They have a daughter named Jo who is at MIT right now. I love photography and drawing, my favorite movie is Batman, favorite color is blue and my favorite food is also cheese burgers. Uh since you told me bout your sister, I guess I can tell you about my father… He uh, he used to be an awesome dad, but when I presented as an omega, he kinda went off the rails a bit. Started drinking a lot more, he always said that Sam would be his golden boy and when Sam presented as a beta in the beginning of the summer, he just up and bolted. But he made damn sure he let us know how much of a disappointment we were to him, me especially." Dean said staring at the floor.
The final bell rang and Cas quickly found Dean in the sea of people. "Dean!" Cas called out and Dean turned around, "hey babe, what's up?" he asked, "so Gabe is being a douche and wont pick me up after practice, so would you be willing to?" Cas asked. "Hmm I don't know… I just might make you walk." Dean winked, "you wouldn't dare." Cas playfully glared. "Yeah, I'll pick you up, I might come a little earlier just so I can see you in your speedo." Dean winked again and walked away.
All day Dean hovered but he was better about keeping a safe distance, even Mary caught on that it was wise to not be all over me. I was glad when Sam and Jess stopped by, that way Dean was distracted with Sam and Jess kept Mary occupied so I could have time to myself with a book.
Dean walked up the stairs and saw Mary standing in the kitchen. "Hey mom. You're home early." "Hi sweetie, another nurse needed some hours so I gave her the rest of my shift." Mary explained "come here cutie pie." she grinned and lifted Henry out of Dean's arms. "You okay? You look a little flushed." Mary said and placed a hand on Dean's forehead, which made him blush a deep red. "Mom." he complained and backed away, "I'm fine." he mumbled.
"Well the morning sickness is a little worse but not much, I have an appetite this time, uh I am a tired a lot and I wasn't as much with Mary." I said "well that's normal with twins… I'm going to give you some new vitamins." Dr. Maddison said and left the room. "Daddy?" "hmm?" "now there is two babies?" "Yep, are you excited?" Dean asked crouching down so he was eye level with Mary and she nodded her head. "Good. Let's go home shall we?" Dean asked scooping Mary off the floor and grabbing my hand.
if he does something stupid like that again I'll beat him… Wait, what's that smell?" Charlie said sniffing the air then leaned forward and smelled me, "oh my god, you two had sex?! What is it with you guys?" Charlie wrinkled her nose but I could see a small smile forming on her face. "Charlie? What are you doing here anyway?" I asked moving towards the living room to sit, "I was coming over to see how you were doing because of what happened and obviously to kick his ass. And I guess when I saw the Impala something snapped."
Dean nervously paced the living room while Charlie fed Henry a bottle and Cas just sat on the couch biting his thumb nail. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the timer on Dean's phone went off and he stood still and locked eyes with Cas. "I-I don't know if I can look." Dean whispered and Cas got up and cupped Dean's face, "you can do it. What ever it say's we'll get through it. Together." Cas whispered and placed a soft kiss on Dean's lips.
Ellen returned about 10 minutes later with our food and then sat next to me in the booth. "So, Cas. How are you feelin'?" "Pretty good. I'm finally over the morning sickness." I said patting my stomach lightly. We talked for a while as we ate; when our conversation turned to more Christmasy things Dean brought up that we were taking Mary to the mall tomorrow to see Santa. "Yay Santa!" Mary squealed, "well you better take a picture." Ellen said, we told her we would and she went back to work.
Cas tossed his phone behind him and groaned, "that was one of the most awkward things I have ever had to do." he said pulling Dean closer to him and they both shuddered when Cas came again from the movement. They both were almost asleep after Cas was able to pull out and get them cleaned up when Dean's phone rang. "Oh my god, leave us alone." Dean groaned and grabbed his phone noticing it was his mom calling.
"Nothing happend, I told you the truth about the clinic, it's just… I'm scared." I whispered the last part. "Scared about what?" Dean whispered, "everything. I'm terrified of what my test results are going to come out, I'm scared that I won't be able to have another baby, and I'm afraid because of that you're going to leave me." I said my voice breaking "Shh, Cas, I'm never going to leave you because of that." Dean said picking me up bridal style and carrying me to the bed. "And I'm sure that there's going to be nothing wrong with your results." He continued to whisper and pulled me close to him and wiped off my tears.
They stood there kissing lazily for a few minutes before Cas broke it off, "tilt your head back." he said softly and when Dean tipped his head to get his hair wet, Cas grabbed the shampoo and started massaging Dean's scalp. "mmm, that feels good." Dean mumbled and allowed Cas to tip his head back to rinse out the soap.
"Damn it. Dean might as well tell them." I said sitting up. "Tell us what?" Sam asked pausing the movie; "Dean go get the ultra sound pictures." I said quietly "They're still in my wallet." Dean said digging them out. "We were going to wait and tell you all tomorrow sometime, but I'm having twins!" I smiled and placed a hand on my stomach. "Twins!? Oh my god Cas that's amazing!" Jess squealed "Yeah, might as well announce that I'm having a boy too!" Gabe jumped in smiling. "Oh my goodness! It's like baby fever in here! Congratulations Gabe!" Jess said smiling. "Yeah, baby fever. Don't get any wild ideas." Sam teased.
"Wait, what?! What was that?!" Dean rambled as we walked back to the Impala, "like I said, if you had read the books, you would have seen it all coming." I teased bumping my shoulder against his. "You know what Cas, I think I will read the books." Dean said opening the door for me; "Don't forget to stop at the pharmacy." I said once he got in, "what for?" "So I can get a pregnancy test since you bout had a heart attack when I had that beer." I told him checking my phone to see if there was any messages about Mary. "Oh, okay." Dean said quietly, "Dean? Are you okay?"
"Well look what the cat dragged in!" Ellen yelled from behind the bar when she saw us walk in. "Ash, man the front for a while!" Ellen yelled to the kitchen. We walked over to our usual booth and I just put Mary on my lap. "Hi boys, hello Mary. Come here!" Ellen said holding out her arms and Mary practically jumped over the table to get to Ellen. "Oh, you're getting so big!" Ellen said kissing her cheek earning a giggle. "Is Bobby in the kitchen?" Dean asked, "no, the old coot is at home sleeping probably." Ellen said handing Mary back to me.
"BULL SHIT!" Dean yelled, "Admit it Cas, you regret this, you don't want to- agh!" Dean started but cut off, bending over clutching his stomach. Cas ran over and grabbed Dean to hold him upright and Mary was on him in an instant. "Dean? Tell me what hurts." she urged, "stomach." Dean panted and clutched onto Cas.
Taken by surprise by Dean’s comment Cas just stares for a second. “It’s okay, you don’t need to run anything by me Dean. You should spend time with your brother, especially if he’s having a hard time. We’ll get things taken care of.”
"We just got engaged… Right?" Dean asked his eyebrows raising. "Oh my god… Dean, that was almost 6 years ago." I said quietly. "6 years?!" Dean shouted and his heart monitor started going off causing a nurse to run in. "Mr. Winchester, you're awake! Okay, we need you to calm down." The nurse said in a soothing voice and naturally as soon as Dean was calm John and Mary decided to come in. "DADDY!" Mary yelled and ran towards us causing Dean's hear monitor to go off again; Mary scrambled onto the bed and flung herself on him and I shot a panicked look towards John and the nurse.
The paramedic holding Dean's oxygen said and laid back and put my hands on top of the bump and concentrated on relaxing. Relaxation didn't last long, right as I was about to be calmed down completely one of Dean's monitors starting going off, "heart rate is decreasing! Hand me the defibrillators!" One of the paramedics yelled, "Dean!" I yelled and then there was a small pinch on my arm, when I looked down I saw the paramedic pulling a needle out of my arm, "it's just a sedative. We need you to stay calm." That was the last thing I heard before my eyes shut.
They started down the stairs, “yeah, just want to tell you about my appointments today and something Henry said to me.”
"Cas!" Dean sobbed "I-I no!" he started panicking. "Dean, shh, it's okay we're going to stop it, I need you to move for me okay?" Cas soothed and they got Dean in Mary's car where she and Sam were waiting and drove to the hospital.
“Dean, would you come with me to the apartment so I can finally get the rest of my stuff and leave my key?” Charlie asked.
Cas groaned and so badly wanted to slam into Dean but he promised to be gentle. He slowly started to slide in making sure to pause to give Dean time to adjust. Once he was all the way in
"Oh, uh… Well I guess I can take you to him." Cas said glancing behind him to make sure Dean was still asleep. "I'm assuming you'll be taking me to the NICU?" Naomi said, "yes… Oh, um you have a grandson. His name is Henry James he's a little small, he unfortunately is deaf in his left ear." Cas explained on their way to the elevator.
As Dean drove to the high school he thought about what Sam had said and naturally he thought the worst. 'Cas doesn't love you. You're just a piece of ass he can use to knot. He's only pretending to care about you.' He hadn't even noticed he was sitting in the parking lot, Dean shook himself out of his thoughts by snapping the hair tie against his wrist and got out of the Impala.
"Your mom is very nice." Cas said once they were seated on the couch. "Yeah… She's great." Dean said and Cas could see the small smile forming. They sat there talking for a little bit about random things when the doorbell rang. "Boy's! Pizza's here!" Mary called out, Dean and Cas made their way to the kitchen when they heard heavy footsteps running down the stairs before Dean could give any warning Lucy skidded into the kitchen an jumped on Cas. "Lucy! Get down!" Dean scolded but was shocked when Cas started laughing and scratched behind her ear. "It's alright Dean, I like her." Cas said and grabbed her paws off his chest and put them on the floor. "Sam why don't you put her outside for awhile." Mary suggested.
"Aw, don't be that way… I just wanted to see how you were doing. You know, before long, no shirt is going to be able to hide that little bump you've got. And believe me, I wish you didn't even try to hide it." Alistair grinned and Dean felt sick. "Fuck off you sick bastard and leave me alone." Dean growled and finally got away from him.
"Just listen to me when I say this, no matter what shit we go through, if it's a fight, or rebellious teenage years with Mary or if we're just having a shitty day. Remember that I love you, only you, and I will
"I'll hold everyone off for now and let you two have some alone time." Mary said and left. "Cas, look at him. He's beautiful." Dean whispered, "he is. He has your nose." Cas chuckled, "and your hair… I mean look at all of it!" Dean laughed pulling his little hat off to reveal messy black hair. "Here." Dean said softly and gave Cas the pup, Cas slowly picked him up and held him close to his chest and started crying. "You're really here… Dean, we're parents!" he chuckled but didn't get an answer. He looked over and saw Dean sleeping peacefully, Cas pulled out his phone and took a quick picture and sent it to Charlie and Benny:
They kept Dean in the hospital till Sunday, just so they could monitor him and the pup. "You ready to go home sweetie?" Mary asked coming into the room, "yes!" Dean said already moving to get out of the bed. "Okay, here are some clothes and Cas is on his way, he should be outside by time we get down there." Mary said handing him the clothes.
"You sure?" Dean asked and I nodded, "just be gentle." I whispered and moaned when Dean slowly sunk in. "Oh god, when was the last time we did this?!" Dean moaned and slowly started rocking into me. "I-I don't remember." I started laughing which quickly turned to a moan when Dean hit my prostate.
"So I was thinking that for the swim page we could obviously have a water theme but-" Dean stopped short, the person sitting next to him wasn't Bobby. 'Jesus Christ, am I going to have every fucking class with this guy?' Dean thought to himself. "Hey." Cas said quietly and Dean's green eyes widened slightly, "uh h-hi." Dean stuttered. "W-what are you doing here?" Dean asked mentally slapping himself, "uh, this is my class… I was late because I had a free period and I wanted to fill it and this was the only available class." Cas smiled, "oh, um. Awesome." Dean said and went back to the list.
want to see it." Michael groaned covering his eyes and the happy moment was gone and Dean's cheeks heated up and tears formed in his eyes. He quickly re arranged his clothes and practically ran out of the bathroom leaving a very pissed of Castiel. "Look here you dick." he started, "there is no need for you to be an-an assbutt about this! He was very happy a second ago until you had to barge in here and be a complete douche." Cas ranted and stormed out of the bathroom as well.
Bobby cleared his throat when Cas slid the note back and they both jumped, Cas saw Dean mouth 'sorry'. The bell rang so Cas and Dean walked to their lockers, they did a little persuasion with the kid who originally had the locker next to Deans, so now Dean and Cas had lockers next to each other. "We're still on for tonight though right?" Cas asked, "yeah, it took a while to convince mom but she agreed as long as I'm back at 10…" Dean said, "10? I thought your curfew on weekends was midnight." Cas said confused. "It normally is, but with
"Okay, well I'm starting to go blind from Dean's nakedness… So I'm gonna go." Charlie said standing up and was out of the house before we could say anything. "You know, she's right, you could have at least put some pants on." I grinned and propped my legs on his lap, "yeah, but I knew it was Charlie and I though it would be funny… I almost didn't even put my boxer's on." Dean grinned and started rubbing my leg. We sat in comfortable silence for awhile when there was another knock on the door, "jesus now who is it?" Dean groaned. "It's probably Missouri with Mary. Go get dressed." I said sitting up and headed towards the door, I opened it expecting to see Missouri and Mary but I was met with a frantic Gabe. "Cassie! I fucked up! I fucked up big time baby bro!" Gabe said pushing past me.
"What do you mean you didn't want to come home?" I asked once I came into the kitchen, "I don't like it when we fight so I didn't come home." Dean said "that's a part of marriage, Dean. We fight but we get through it
"Hey, who's Red?" Dean asked Sam, "Meg Masters." he said with a mouthful. "Oh." he replied, "so what are you going to do for the set Dean?" Charlie asked after the movie. "Not sure yet, Mrs. Rosen said she was going to give me a script tomorrow so I can start brainstorming." He said hauling himself off the sectional so he could follow them upstairs to say goodbye. "Oh, well it's going to look awesome." She grinned, "love the basement by the way, next we need to talk about a baby shower and decorating that nursery!" She said and walked out before Cas or Dean could say anything.
When Mary got sick of the swing she ran off to the little slide, so I went back to my bench with my book. We were at the park for almost an hour and a half when I started to feel that all too familiar warm sensation in my stomach. I dropped my book and looked for Mary, she was siting in the sandbox digging, I started to panic, it was early, why is it early. Oh god, we need to get out of here before it get's noticeable. I quickly packed the little bag we brought and I walked over to the sandbox, "Mary sweetie, we need to go now." I said softly, "no mama! Not yet!" Mary whimpered.
"Baby looks good boys." she smiled and printed off a picture, handing it over to Cas. Tessa left, leaving the boys alone with Mary, "is Benny and Charlie still coming over tonight?" Mary asked. "Yeah, they'll be over shortly after we get home and get homework done." Dean said wiping the gel off and pulling his shirt down. "Okay, meet me to the break room and I'll give you some money for pizza and some other snacks." Mary said already leaving the room, Cas helped Dean off the table and they followed her out the door.
As the night progressed the whinier Henry got. “We should get him home.” Dean said as he bounced back and forth with Henry half asleep on his shoulder.
"Yes, Mary. I'll lay down with you on the couch and we can watch a movie, but you need to lay down for a little bit." I said getting the last of the cheese off her face. "Come on bug." I said lifting Mary out of the high chair. "Go pick a movie and get your blanket." I said setting her down, she handed me Tangled so I put it int he D.V.D player. I sat in the recliner and Mary crawled into my lap so I put up the leg rest, Mary was asleep 10 minutes into the movie.
"What. The. Fuck. Is that noise!?" Dean growled attempting to roll over but ended up falling off the couch. "It's my phone." I grumbled searching my pants which were actually Dean's, once I finally found my phone I answered before the call ended. "Hello?" "Hey Cas, it's Sam. Sorry to call you so early but uh, Mary want's to go to the zoo. And we don't really have anything for her to go to the zoo so I was wondering when we could come by to get some things?" Sam asked, "uh, give us an hour." I said after a yawn and hung up. "What was that about?" Dean asked sitting up on the floor rubbing his eyes.
"Oh Cas that is so exciting! Wait, why isn't Dean going with you?" She asked, "because I don't want him there incase I get bad news… We've been trying since March and nothing so far." I said "and besides, we're kinda fighting at the moment… So he may be home before I do. So if he is, I'll see you later." I said kissing Mary's cheek before I left.
"Pregnant?!" She whispered, "oh my god, I have to call him!" She said pulling her phone out, "don't… Dean said he didn't want you to call him saying his eardrums wont be able to handle your squealing." Cas said, "fine. But I'm texting him." she said sticking her tongue out. "Wow, brotha, congrats." Benny smiled and patted his back. Charlie was quiet for a few minutes, "Benny, we're going to Dean's after school." she announced and Cas couldn't help but fell a small pang of disappointment, he was hoping to spend some time with Dean. Yet, he also knew that Charlie would want to go over there as soon as possible.
"Hello again Dean." Tessa greeted, "hi." Dean smiled a little, "ah, you must be Castiel." she smiled and shook his hand, "you ready to see your baby?" she aced and they both nodded. "Okay, but before we start, I just wanted to let you know Dean that your test results came back good." she stated and squirted the gel on Dean's stomach making him flinch a little. "There it is! Little one's getting bigger, which is good." Tessa said once she found the baby, "Dean." Cas gasped, "I know." was all Dean had to say.
“It’s alright. Sit down, I’ll make another grilled cheese.” Mary said and went back into he kitchen.
“Alright, be safe. I love you.” Dean said and gave Cas one more kiss before handing the impala keys over and taking the suburban keys.
“I can’t talk anymore, I need to focus but just get to the school.” Cas said I love you and then hung up.
Half an hour later Dean, Mary and I left. "I think I remember promising a certain little girl Ice Cream if she was good today…" I smiled turning around to see Mary "yes!" she squealed. "Alright, let's go to the Roadhouse and eat then we'll get ice cream." Dean said. We were sitting in the ice cream parlor when I began to feel warm. I shrugged off my jacket and pushed Mary away from me a little, "Cas?" I looked up and Dean was looking at me funny.
By time I got home it was 4:30 and the Impala was sitting in the drive way. I went inside and Dean and Mary were coloring at the dining room table. "Hi mama." Mary smiled, "hi sweetie." I replied and kissed her forehead. "Where were you last night?" I asked Dean, "I went to the Roadhouse and then crashed at Dad's." Dean replied. "I would have come and gotten you." "I know, but I didn't want to come home." Dean replied and walked into the kitchen. "Mary why don't you go to the living room and play?" I suggested so Dean and I could talk.
All Cas wanted to do, besides smack Amelia, was to go home and hold his baby and kiss his mate. When Cas got home, he could smell pop corn coming from the basement so he went down and saw Dean on the couch with Henry on his back on one of his baby blankets, perfectly content with staring at his hands; Dean was watching 'The Avengers'. "Hey babe, how was your last day?" Dean asked setting the bowl of pop corn on the table and looked over the back of the couch, Cas sighed and dropped his bag and laid on the couch with his head on Dean's lap. "Long. Annoying." Cas mumbled with his eyes closed and hummed a little when he felt Dean card his fingers through his hair.
Dean shoved the keys in Charlie’s hand and allowed her to usher him into the impala. The closer to the school they got the more they could smell the smoke in the air. “Oh god.” Dean whimpered. Charlie barely had the impala in park before Dean was out and running.
"Dean, you should probably call John… And I'll tell Gabe and Charlie." I whispered letting go of his hand, "yeah." Dean walked down the hall a little to call his father and I pulled out my phone to call Gabe. "Cassie! How's it goin'?" Gabe asked once he picked up, I took a big breath before talking "Gabe." I choked out and had to stop and take a few breaths before I could continue, "Cas? What's wrong?" Gabe asked "Mary's in the hospital. She-she had a seizure." I said my voice breaking at the end. "Fuck. Okay Cassie, I'll be there soon." Gabe said and I could here him moving around the apartment, "could you call Charlie and let her know, I-I can't make another phone call." I said "of course Cassie, we'll be there shortly." I hung up the phone and turned around to see Dean sitting on the floor hiding his face so I walked over and kneeled in front of him and pulled on his arms.
Deans eyebrows shot up, “uh we just had a few things we needed to do before coming over.” Dean said as he picked his son up.
An hour later Sam and Dean were in the Impala headed to school, before Dean pulled up to Sam's school Sam asked him a question. "Dean, do you love Cas?" Hearing that almost made him swerve into the next lane, "uh, why do you think that?" Dean asked, "I don't know, its just that, you were really out of it this time and Cas's scent was the only thing that could calm you down, and you kept asking for him… You've never asked for an alpha before." Sam said quietly.
By time Friday rolled around I was ready to be done with work for a while. I was sitting in my office with Jimmy going over the monthly paper work when there was a knock on the door. "Come in." I said loud enough so whoever was on the other side of the door could hear me. Gabe came in with a worried look, "Gabe what's wrong?" I asked "I-I don't know Cassie, I didn't know who else to ask." Gabe said fidgeting a little, "ask me what?" "Uh, I uh I…" Before Gabe could ask he doubled over and let out a small whimper. Jimmy shot up and eased him into the chair I got up and made my way around the desk "Cassie I don't know whats going on! I"m scared! I-I think these are contractions." Gabe said fighting back tears.
“You know how she is though. The only way I know she wouldn’t be there is if she was behind bars, or worse.”
“Hey.” Charlie said softly crouching in front of him. Dean was now in a fetal position against the wall, rocking back and forth. “What’s going on?” She asked and gently grabbed onto his arms and pulled them away from his knees and started rubbing his hands. Dean flinched but didn’t try to pull away. He stopped rocking and his breathing slowed down. “That’s it. Slow deep breaths.”
Dean caught her staring at their tangled hands and he swore he saw jealousy flash across her face, they walked up the stairs and to the front door. "Well, it was nice meeting you Dean, I hope you feel better." Amelia said in an all too fake voice, "Cas, I'm glad we caught up! I hope we can still be friends, and I expect you to show me the ropes monday." she smiled and actually kissed his cheek. 'Are you fucking kidding me?! Is she really that stupid?!' Dean yelled in his mind but just glared at her when she snuck a glance at him.
