Sherlock frowned. “But there is nothing in it to—” His eyes grew wide and he slapped his hands together. “Of course. Oh yes.” He gazed at John, his eyes shining. “Beeswax,” he said.
John cast another glance at the pale and stressed faces of the patients, the snivelling child on her father’s lap, the two old ladies bent with arthritis, the construction worker with a preliminary cast on his arm that needed to be checked, and the green-faced young man who had barely made it to the toilet to throw up and looked like he was going to have to dash again in a few minutes. John sighed, running a hand through his hair. “Is there a free room?” he asked, and Dorothy beamed.
“Doctor’s gonna decide that, mate. Here, sit down. I’ll wipe you down in a sec, once you’ve got your breath back. John, can you stay with him for a moment?”
“I promise. If you promise to stay away from opiates and dangerous criminals, to eat a square meal now and again, and catch enough sleep.”
“High-functioning sociopath,” hisses Sherlock. He’s read the term in a book on psychology in preparation for his meeting with the therapist, and thought it’d be something to throw at people when they made assumptions about him. The doctor was okay, not a complete moron and clearly an expert in her field, but even she didn’t take Sherlock entirely seriously and was only prepared to listen to him for a while. The initial diagnosis was that he has ADHD, with further meetings required to decide whether some degree of autism is present as well.
Sherlock scuffs at his eyes. He is crying in earnest now, his nose is running. He wipes it on his sleeve.
“What do you think the stains and flakes were from, then?” enquired John, relishing as he always did to be taken along on the ride.
Sherlock swallows a bit of pasta and shrugs, feeling hot of a sudden which has nothing to do with the wine he has drunk. “For a long time, I thought I was. It was ... convenient. Kept the idiots at bay. And I don’t usually do ... things. Romance. Sex. Not my area.”
“No, you’re quite right. I do use manipulation and lies whenever it suits me, and I’m good at employing them.” Sherlock cocked his head slightly, his eyes keen and his face not betraying any emotion. “You know, I sometimes wonder how you can stand being around someone like me, you with your strong moral principles, your
“Could have been worse, the billet,” he says, looking round the kitchen before gazing at Sherlock steadily. “Much worse.”
Sherlock steeples his fingers, thinking as he stands slumped against the wall. Perhaps it would indeed be the right thing to come clear to John about the resets, even if this alters the timeline completely. It’s already changed, anyway. And speaking of changing the timeline ...
“No, I didn’t,” confirmed John. “But when I was a kid I absolutely wanted to go. Well, I guess you were too young to have heard of the matter.”
She hands the jacket back to John and walks over to Wilcox, nudging him into offering her his arm. Turning to Sherlock, she inclines her head gravely. “You are an interesting man, Mr. Holmes, but foolish, too. Be careful. At the moment, you’re wearing your heart on both sleeves and your trousers. Look after him, Dr. Watson. And thank you for the dance. We should do that again some time when your injury has healed.”
Sei gedankt für Deine Brief, auch wenn er recht kurz und knapp war. Erich läßt grüßen, sowie auch seine Eltern, die Du ja auf seinem Geburtstag kennenlerntest. Er ist immer noch hin und weg von seinem neuen Automobil. Wir haben einige längere Fahrten gemacht, an die Mosel, um Wein zu kaufen – es gibt dort so viele schöne Weingüter. Du mußt bald wieder kommen, auch,  um meine neuen Fohlen von Diamant und Ariadne zu sehen. Was machen Eure Zucht und Rennpferde? Ach, ich wünschte, ich könnte einige englische Vollblüter einkaufen. Die sollten sich gut mit unseren Trakehnern machen, oder was meinst Du? Leider ist die politische Lage ja im Moment etwas angespannt zwischen unseren Ländern. Ich hoffe, Dein Mister Chamberlain wird dafür sorgen, daß wirklich „Peace in our time“ herrscht. Aber laß uns nicht über Politik sprechen. Erich langweilt mich damit in der letzten Zeit. Er ist soviel unterwegs im Auftrage der Partei. Man könnte meinen, er wolle noch Politiker werden.
Sherlock smiles as well. This is new territory. It’s elating, utterly wonderful. And utterly frightening at the same time. “You think so?”
“Yes. You have a dark side – you’re prone to fits of anger, even violence, can be selfish, unfair, obstinate, too hooked up on propriety – and so am I. I can be haughty and dismissive, violent, too, scathing and hurtful. But everybody has these dark spots they’d rather hide but which surface occasionally. Those who deny it are the really dangerous people, or so my experience with crime has taught me. You have the advantage of being aware of how dark you can be, You actively try to combat it. That’s why you still see Ella. If you truly were a bad person, you wouldn’t bother with a therapist, would you? You’re not a bad man, John. In fact, I consider you a very good one. You’re not evil. You’re just human and therefore flawed, like the rest of us.”
“You’re doing well, John,” her slightly tinny voice rings in his earpiece. “There’s a bend ahead where the asphalt is quite rough. Try not to cut it too closely. When Harry rode, spectators were hanging over the bannisters and almost made him crash by waving flags into his face.”
While reverently stroking the soft skin and the little curls of hair, Sherlock’s fingers still suddenly. There is something else here, something that doesn’t belong. A small rise, like a pimple or an insect sting. Sherlock’s mind barely registers it, half-addled by emotion as it is – who would have known that kissing was that distracting? But something is there. He runs his fingers over it again, curiosity and a faint stab of worry winning over sensual indulgence.
The girls exchanged glances with each other, until at length Emma snatched the phone from Anne’s hand and dialled. Sherlock went to close the door, then began to rummage through Tjálga’s saddlebags while Anne and the other girl busied themselves with taking off the Icelanders bridles and putting on their halters, before unsaddling them and rubbing them down with straw.
John positively preens at these words. He knows he’s good on the descents, but to hear it from someone like Sherlock, who usually is so sparing with praise, is actually really nice. “Cheers,” he mutters.
“Well,” he ventured, “I know for a fact that you don’t have a girlfriend, but have recently acquired a boyfriend. What else did we talk about that evening? It’s so long ago.” Then he knew. He licked his lips.
Not long after, the flat is empty and quiet once more. Mrs. Hudson stays on, makes them tea and fusses a little, worried that the police was after her ‘herbal soothers’. Sherlock assures her that she’ll be fine and that perhaps she should retire to her flat now and relax with one of her soothers, and also that John is going to take the room upstairs. She is delighted about that.
She played a singer there who at one point, dressed like a man, goes and kisses a woman in the audience.”
After their meal, they pack their things and while Lightning dashes off to round up some sheep that have strayed near the lower end of the grasslands again and are milling about near the barbed wire fence, the two boys creep into the ring of trees out of the hikers’ sight. Then they begin to rustle branches and make weird noises to scare them, and it works. Jan is brilliant at this sort of thing, slipping through the forest unseen, climbing trees, and making uncanny, frightening sounds that could be just the wind howling in the branches, or some terrifying creature come to devour the hapless wanderers. Sherlock tries his best to keep up with his friend, and soon, their plan shows success.
“I didn’t tell them anything they didn’t already know,” said Sherlock stiffly. “At least not the elder of them. Believe me, it’s better in the long term.”
“Sorry. It’ll take a while to go away. But if it bothers you …,” Sherlock made to shift onto his back and increase the distance between them, but John held him back gently.
Sherlock would have liked to study the messages in peace, but he finds himself distracted and indeed entertained by the conversation, the noisy parrot with its constant “You don’t say?” and “Goodness, my heart” being actually quite funny.
Sherlock doesn’t react. He looks completely lost in his own head as he pedals in rhythm with whatever fast-paced music is playing on his headphones. Kit watches him, shakes his head with an eye-roll and shrugs. “He’s been like this ever since he started warm up. Not exactly chatty, is he?”
John lets out a sigh. “Yes, I suppose they will. Actually, I’m impressed with how well they’ve been handling even Rosie’s more taxing moods. Especially your dad who is so patient with her. She even ate sprouts for him. But then, they have experience with kids – although I’m convinced your brother was born an adult.”
He cocked his head, watching the three men who stared at him. The two assistants looked shocked, while the other’s rising fury was visible even from a distance. He was clenching his hands, his eyes blazing. John raised his mobile and pressed ‘record’ again to conserve his reaction. He watched as the man stepped closer to Sherlock and grabbed the leather strap at the pommel of his saddle.
“No, we’re investigating a potential case of theft and damaged property for Hereford Police.” Sherlock has to fight to hide an appreciative smile at the boldness of the lie and even more the confidence in John’s stance and voice. Oh, John has learned well from him in recent years. Paired with his natural authority, the effect is devastating.
John commands his doubtful voice when carefully, he opens the door and sticks out his head. The corridor is empty. John’s shoulders sag. What did he expect? For Sherlock to pace up and down on the stylish carpet, muttering to himself? He closes the door again, stands for a moment thinking, then remembers he needs to piss.
Sherlock doesn’t look at him as he rummages in his bag, but John catches the faint tinge to his cheekbones that’s not caused by sunburn. “As I explained just now.”
“But if I offended you, or ...,” Sherlock swallows, “or took advantage of you, I’m sorry for that. It wasn’t my intention.”
“Oh yes, it is. But don’t worry about the rent. I’m giving Sherlock a special deal. He did me a big favour once, you know. Oh, and there he is,” she adds, smiling and pointing upstairs where Sherlock has stepped onto the landing.
But then Lestrade invited John (Sherlock, too, for that matter, but he obviously wasn’t available, and John doubted he would have come, anyway). Given the lack of consulting detective at Baker Street, John relented. He enjoyed the night out. There was a quiz for which Greg and he joined another team, coming second in the end. Lestrade obviously wanted to needle John about Sherlock and him. Somewhat cautiously at first, after his first pint, John answered his questions frankly. It felt less awkward than he’d anticipated.
Molly seems to have been ‘volunteered’ to help Sherlock’s landladies pick blackberries from the hedge at the rear of their garden to distract her from her present grief. There is a small stain on her cardigan, and some traces of the dark juice remain visible in her cuticles. Seeing Sherlock on the stairs, she draws a deep breath and tries to tame her hair. “You have told them?” she asks, indicating the Suffields.
John smiled, deciding not to press his friend for an answer, uncomfortable as he looked sitting there on the corner of the bed, still dishevelled and aroused with his tousled hair and bulging pyjama bottoms. Carefully, he reached out and brushed an errant curl from Sherlock’s forehead.
Sherlock looks up at him as he lies, eyes closed and cheeks flushed, his hair a mess, an expression of pure and utter bliss on his face. Sherlock’s heart swells at the knowledge that he is the one who’s put that expression there, that he’s been the one responsible for John’s happiness. Emboldened, he gives John’s erection another stroke, before leaning closer and rumbling into his ear, “Did you only think of my hands touching you?”
“Monsieur Surcouf says there are some portions left over from dinner, and he’d be happy to bring you some.”
He has begun to tremble slightly. His t-shirt is wet by now, and the air is getting chilly. He needs to move again, but he doesn’t want to return to Baker Street just yet.
“There is a concert at St. Martin in the Fields at seven. Late Renaissance and early Baroque music, like they played at Valloire.”
They are silent for a while, the only sounds in the room being the slide of John’s hands, the occasional creak of bedsprings, and Sherlock’s soft sighs and groans. As John watches Sherlock submit to his ministrations, once again a wave of deep, unconditional fondness and affection rushes through him. The urge to voice this overcomes him.
Sherlock nods in fervent agreement. “I appreciate that. However, now that we’ve done it, we need not repeat it.”
Sherlock is not in their room when John returns. He is tempted to sink onto the bed and fall asleep. Shower, massage and dinner have revived him somewhat, but he is still utterly exhausted. The thought of wandering around the hotel looking for Sherlock is not at all appealing. John knows he has to apologise, though, and also that if he waits in their room, he’ll probably doze off before Sherlock returns. Also, actively seeking him out will indicate more of an effort made. And John feels he needs to make that effort.
Sherlock shrugs. “It’s been a long day. I can run you a bath, too, if you’d like one. It would take a while, though, because with our gas supply as dodgy it is at the moment, the water takes ages to heat properly. The boiler doesn’t often cooperate.”
“So my son, enraged about being asked about his German friends, attacked you with a sword, Mr. Holmes?” she asks, her voice sharp.
“The rest was spot on” she said. “I think I can piece together where you got most of your clues from – my mobile lying on the table still switched on, the computer screen showing my latest replicas, the traces of horse muck on my shoes. Guess I faintly smell of horse, too. And my hands must speak very clearly of my profession. How did you know about my partner, though?”
John had felt a right idiot after the explanation. “Sorry,” he had mumbled. “I just thought that you and her … after all the effort you put into helping her in Karachi ….”
“That’s the Pic du Midi d’Osseau, 2884 metres high,” says Sherlock. “The highest elevation of the Pyrenees is the Pico de Aneto at 3404 metres. But you can’t see it from here as it’s further to the east on the Spanish side of the mountains.”
Thanks a lot for the warm reception the first chapter of this fic got. Here’s the second chapter now, again betaed by rifleman_s.
Mary was sitting on the couch, her feet propped up. She was dressed in practical black jeans and a dark jumper. Something that looked like combat gear was lying on the coffee table, amongst it a gun and a black beanie, casually tossed aside. Mary’s left arm was bleeding through her jumper, and she was holding it with her right. Her face was pale and sweat was pearling on her forehead. She hadn’t been here long, there hadn’t been time to patch herself up or for the blood to dry on her clothes.
“Well,” Sherlock murmured, running out of witty things to say. John’s large, dark blue eyes became his field of vision, the beating of his heart an electrified rush of blood in his ears; he leaned closer so that their foreheads were touching, his eyes falling shut. He took a breath, tasting John’s breath on it; and as their noses brushed, he heard only the steady beat in his ears and—
. You had to be blind not to see the pure adoration there. Sherlock felt something warm and fuzzy unfold in his belly again when he examined his own face. Yes, definitely one hundred percent adoring John back. Completely gone on that small sun he held in his arms. Yes, Sherlock was a bit annoyed that someone had managed to observe them in such a private, intimate moment; yet at the same time he was glad it existed.
mind you, and you sent me four texts demanding to know where I was,” Sherlock mumbled before he could stop himself.
“Well it’s pretty ridiculous that you think I’d leave you alone in the hands of that lunatic again.”
Sherlock looked up from his wrist and he was still too close for comfort. John could count his lashes. “I mean, you said they were ‘ordinary folk enjoying retirement’, right?” He quickly pulled his hand back and held out his other arm for Sherlock, who regarded him thoughtfully. He briefly pressed his lips together, swallowed once and went to fidget with John’s other wrist.
!) after she learned a brief, edited version of what had happened. Sherlock’s parents had shown up as well and brought their things from the house (John finally charged his phone) and fussed over them some more; Margaret in particular picked up on the changed nature of their relationship rather quickly and seemed pretty chuffed about it, winking and smirking at John whenever she got the chance. Richard shook John’s hand with both of his and told him a quiet thanks, something that warmed John to his core.
“What are you doing out here?” John peeked into the corridor, where Sherlock was standing by himself. He was leaning against the railing, looking at his phone.
Mary lowered her voice a little and leaned into him. “But can you honestly tell me that there are fireworks when we kiss or that you can’t wait to be alone with me?” She gave him a little smirk.
He squeezed his eyes shut for a moment and shoved the memory away. He was beginning to get better at it. However, as he finally finished his beer, Harry looked at him with concern again. “John, you need to—“ she broke off.
Sherlock’s eye-roll said. John gave him a pointed look. He leaned over and carefully pushed at a large sliding window. The boat had these all around the front part for the tourists to look out of, but there was a larger closed-off part in the back of the ship where they assumed the goods would be stored. Thankfully the window slid open without a sound and they snuck inside. They cowered between two rows of benches, half hidden by a low table. Sherlock held up a hand,
The next morning, John woke up alone. At first, he wondered why that felt odd, until he remembered his midnight visitor. He blinked in the pale motrning light and looked around. He could still see where there had been another head on a pillow next to him, and Sherlock’s scent lingered ever so gently in the bed. So it had definitely not been a dream and he couldn’t have been gone long. John swallowed and brushed a hand through his hair. He was pretty sure he’d been holding on to Sherlock before he fell asleep. He let out a slow breath. Blimey.
Sherlock looked appalled. “No. Of course not.” He lowered his eyes. “I would like to come home,” he said quietly. “If that’s all right.”
He looked up to see Sherlock turning away, tapping quickly on his phone now that they’d both made the connection. It looked like it was back to business, but John didn’t miss the slight tinge on the angled cheekbones, nor had he imagined that look on his face just now...
To his shock, Mary didn’t run. She squared her jaw and flattened herself against the wall on the other side of the stairs. John had no time to argue and held his breath when the steps came closer. Mary gave him the faintest of nods and a look that he interpreted as ‘go first’.
Sherlock let out a slow breath through his nose and closed his eyes for a moment. “He was suffering,” he said, even quieter now than before. “You watched him. You took pictures of him.
“Yes.” She took a deep breath. “And he did not tell me. He said that the ambassador contacted someone back at the office about it. She seemed to insinuate that once it was all cleared up, Montgomery would hear the whole story over a bottle of Domaine Dujac.” She smiled sadly. “But they never got the chance.”
Sherlock waited, really patiently he felt, but nothing more was forthcoming, which irritated him a little. “So then why?”
John let himself fall back onto the pillow. “Because I can. I’m still officially sick and we’re not required to run around London right at this moment, so I thought I’d have a lie in. You should try it sometime.” He flashed Sherlock a quick glance, fondly remembering the previous night.
He lay there, staring at the ceiling, wondering how he’d never seen it before. How he could have felt everything he’d felt and never
“Propolis – that’s 62 points! Ha!” Father laughed and jotted his points down on a scrap piece of paper.
Lestrade was staring at him with a slightly slack-jawed, completely amused expression. He was half smiling half gaping, and his eyes travelled up and down John, taking in his dishevelled state, and then flickered to the kitchen doorway.
something to make sure this was not just a one-off, a drunken joke... The memory was all too blurry and marred by fuzzy inebriation to be very reassuring as to what it
Sherlock was twitching in his sleep. He dreamt up confusing images about some of his time away, a memory turned nightmare where he was bound and gagged. There was something about John in the dream, too, but he couldn’t quite remember, just as he couldn’t quite remember where the memory ended and the nightmare began. But John was there and had mostly looked sad or seemed out of reach. Sherlock slowly struggled to wake fully, shaking off the vague images. He still felt as if he was somehow
221B was still a mess from the incident with the exploding car – but some magical Christmas elves had come in and fixed their windows, so at least they wouldn’t have to freeze. John spent a good deal of time for the first two days just hobbling around, cleaning up and throwing away broken things and making sure that Sherlock at least pretended to help. He realised he was too much in love to care what a lazy sod Sherlock was, simply content to just spend time with him and talk whilst he sorted things out.
“Yes,” Sherlock managed. “You do all of the… social talkie thingies with witnesses and bereaved widows and such… things. You’re so good at pretending you care and ep- emph- empathise,” he brought out.
John had been contemplating Mycroft’s little speech. He’d tried, hadn’t he? After he’d gone downstairs for tea, he’d spotted Sherlock doing some wood chopping in the garden.
Two hours later, he was sitting on the back of an ambulance, an orange rescue blanket around his shoulders. Detective Inspector Lestrade was staring at him, his eyes full of pity. John wished he was shouting at him again, as he had up until that point. About how reckless it was of him to go into the hideout without backup. How he could have been killed. How he should have known better. Behind him, John saw three figures being led in handcuffs into police cars. One, he knew had a dislocated shoulder. That was the first thing that had given him a certain satisfaction that night. He felt effective, somehow; not just a useless former sidekick trapped in an empty flat.
“Aren’t we always?” Sherlock smirked, and swept dramatically onwards, through the large double doors at the end of the hall.
. Mrs Hudson. John was entirely unable to comprehend what she was doing in his bedroom at this time. He wasn’t sure what time it was, but it felt way too early to be woken up.
Sherlock took a breath, frowning, putting the picture together. Helen’s mother. Arrested the night before. Smuggling operation. Outside help. Someone had taken revenge. And now Helen.
The ringing stopped and a woman answered the phone. Mycroft plastered the fakest of happy smiles on his face. “Hello, Mummy.”
On the day of the party, Sherlock punished him for it by variously sulking or complaining. “I mean it, John. You are overly sentimental and I know you will try something.”
This time, Sherlock let out a small moan and he surged forward. His hand was ripped from John’s grasp and it slid roughly into his hair. Sherlock pulled his head down sharply, crashing their lips together.
Finally, they reached the bloody SUV. John dashed to the boot of the car and dug out the standard-issue medical kit. Sherlock propped up Mary in the backseat and was taking his coat off. He spread it on the large leather seats. John climbed in from the other side and together, they lowered Mary carefully to lie down on it.
When John didn’t respond and just stared at him Sherlock made an impatient sound. “Norbury had the stick, undoubtedly as a security to keep Ajay in check; but that means she also knows everything incriminating about our
, Sherlock thought. He felt equal parts flummoxed and chagrined. He blinked a little and then pointedly looked away over John’s shoulder. “Dear God, John, that was incredibly transparent, even for you.”
John stared ahead of him for a while, trying to go through it one more time. In only a few short days, he found out Sherlock wasn’t dead, got nearly strangled to death, broke up with his sort-of-girlfriend whilst confronting that he was probably harbouring feelings for his best friend; he dreamed about both strangling and snogging him whilst still coming to terms with his death; now finding said flatmate had spent all night in his bed, holding his hand to hold the nightmares at bay… things had rarely been so complicated at Baker Street.
“Room for one more?” The deep voice startled him out of his fit and John looked up in surprise to see Sherlock hovering next to the smaller sofa he occupied. He gestured and moved his legs down. Sherlock gracefully folded himself into the cushions, cradling his empty glass.
. I don’t want a house or a picket fence or a dog, but I can still empathise with his restlessness. I can understand the feeling of needing some kind of
John’s heart nearly bolted from his chest. Sherlock stood right in front of him, clad in his coat, looking ready to go out. His phone was in his hand.
, oh yes, divine idea. John would have confessed his undying love for their landlady then and there if he hadn’t felt like throwing up as soon as he opened his mouth.
Mary smiled, but it looked a bit less chipper now. “Well.” She glanced back at John and Sherlock. “I thought it was obvious,” she said, giving Mycroft a look. “I don’t like playing second fiddle.”
Sherlock’s arms on his bare skin also felt undeniably pleasant. He was gently rubbing his arm with his hand, trying to create a bit more warmth. His breath was ghosting over John’s face, creating a faint mist in the cold air.
As it was, the latter came first. Sherlock stiffened a little and looked up. A doctor was walking towards them with a chart in hand. He cleared his throat unnecessarily when he got closer. John sobered immediately and got up, picking up his cane.
But he was tired, so he just let himself be held. A little uncertainly, Sherlock began rubbing circles on his back. John sighed, content. He hadn’t known how reassuring touching Sherlock could be; how much it helped to convince him that he was really alive.
supposed to meet us, take Vivian into custody with undying gratitude and allow me to gloat that I found her first for every Christmas to come.”
Strong arms encased his torso, John’s warm hands splayed out on his back, John’s head on his shoulder. Sherlock felt John’s soft hair tickle his nose and he breathed in deeply. A sigh of relief rippled through his body. This was somehow different than the confusing, heated moments they’d shared before; this was so, so
John felt his heart hammer in his chest and the blood rushing through his ears. He wasn’t entirely sure what he was doing, but he tugged a little on Sherlock’s hand, freeing his wrist. He slowly inched his hand up so their palms were touching. He had been going to remove his hand. But something in his brain must have short-circuited and he interlaced their fingers instead. And time seemed to stand still all of a sudden.
Sherlock saw her eyes narrow and Moran looked between him and her, waiting on her word. Interesting. So she was the one pulling the shots here. He barrelled on. “Coming from a lower-class background, you no doubt take all your inspiration for country living from magazines. That sitting room screams try-hard, Vivian. The people around here can spot a fake a mile away. You’ve never cross-stitched in your life, and they can tell, believe me.” He raised his eyebrow. “You were nothing but a secretary, and typing’s all you were good for.”
John felt as if he suddenly needed to make a decision then and there about where he wanted this relationship to go. He began fidgeting the longer they walked, and he berated himself for being such a coward. He was usually much more forward and had no trouble making his intentions clear. But right then, he wasn’t sure what his intentions even were. He wouldn’t mind spending more time with her, but somehow bringing her to Baker Street seemed inappropriate, as if he was going behind Sherlock’s back. He rarely had brought girlfriends there previously, as them meeting Sherlock usually put a bit of a strain on the relationships. That thought brought John back to thinking about the previous Christmas and the words ‘Sherlock Holmes is a lucky man’. He suddenly felt a stab in his gut as he realised that any break-up would have been worth it if it meant Sherlock wasn’t dead.
Sherlock frowned a little, and John could see him processing it. “You… were insecure because I didn’t say anything?”
So John had finally admitted he was in love with him. He wasn’t under the influence of alcohol this time. And John wasn’t the kind of person to say things without thinking (that was more Sherlock’s department, sometimes, he acknowledged). Even though this was a somewhat dramatic, out of the ordinary situation, John wouldn’t say something like that unless he meant it. Love meant many different things to different people; but if he knew John at all, he felt that he got it exactly the way he meant it.
“I am not kissing you in front of a bunch of idiots only for them to gape at us,” Sherlock groused and threw himself onto the couch with a huff. “Or take pictures,” he said with disgust.
Soon, their awful drinks left abandoned on the bar, they found themselves dragging and half-carrying a barely conscious Lestrade out of the pub.
“Oh, thank God you’re here, I just don’t know what to do!” he cried and ushered them into the house. “I got a call early this morning, a-and they told me she’d been abducted—“ Frederick began, but Sherlock cut him off immediately.
Sherlock gave him a quick grin and John looked across the aisles of seats again. “Come on,” he muttered and moved forward quickly towards the police’s end of the boat. Time to get out of here. They’d done their detecting and made sure Helen was all right, the rest of it was better left to actual professionals. And he and Sherlock had unfinished business back at Baker Street to take care of.
“God I could strangle her,” John hissed. “Bloody harpy!” He kicked the door for good measure, but all that did was hurt his toe. He cursed.
He closed his eyes in frustration. It was too much, and it was too dangerous. He had nearly thrown all caution to the wind then and there, grabbed his infuriating, distracting flatmate and dragged him back to his still-warm bed. For a moment, his head leaned back as his imagination recalled the scene in vivid detail. John’s smile, trying to look calm and casual; John’s intense eyes, telling an entirely different story. The hand gripping the towel tighter; Sherlock imagined it gripping his head instead, running his fingers through his hair. John was always so attentive – would he be an attentive lover?
that he couldn’t quite define. Some part of his busy brain suggested that after last night this was, perhaps, not the best way to tackle the elephant in the room. John would probably want to talk. But
“Sherlock, it’s New Year’s Eve!” John ambled out into the hallway to join him. It was a bit quieter here, the laughter and music from the sitting room a bit dimmed and the light was low. John looked at Sherlock. He’d taken off his suit jacket at some point and the top button of his shirt was undone, his hair artfully ruffled as usual. And John was fairly sure he’d never seen anyone so lovely in his life before.
And something stilled inside him at the contact. He didn’t know what would happen after, but he suddenly felt calm, knowing that it was not all in his head; there was something between them, and it felt magnificent and they would figure it out soon enough. There were a million questions in his mind, but they could wait. He smiled and Sherlock opened his eyes and smiled back. Yes, definitely, absolutely magnificent.
For some reason, a curious feeling of tension had settled in his midsection during his exploration, and it did something odd to his voice. His words had come out quietly, almost drawling, and the effect on his friend was unmistakeable. The faint blush became more noticeable. His eyes widened and his pupils dilated. He swallowed dry and lowered his chin to his chest, a characteristic gesture of increasing nervousness in the doctor. Well, this was interesting.
Sherlock stepped over wordlessly to Mrs Hudson, crouched, and gave her a tight hug. He took a deep breath. All his family was in one piece.
“I need a shower,” John murmured, finding it difficult to voice the chaos in his head, desperately grasping for reasons.
No, the only option was to try and continue as they had before. He’d pretend everything was normal and ordinary, and if John wanted to try and repeat certain experiments, he was definitely open to that; but he wouldn’t push anything, in case he was mistaken about John’s...
“No, he didn’t,” Sherlock said cryptically, but when they waited, he didn’t elaborate. John shook his head.
Mycroft looked at him for a long time, lines of exhaustion and worry etched into his features. “You know, straightening this whole thing out was a hell of a lot of work, and I—“ he paused. “I just need to ask, Sherlock.
Mary piped in, sounding thoughtful. “So… the whole mess was not a plan to get my team killed – it was about shutting the ambassador up?”
When Moriarty walked back into the swimming pool, a cold fear gripped Sherlock’s heart. Him confronting the criminal was one thing, but not with John caught in the crossfire. His mind quickly played through all possible scenarios how this could end. Getting themselves shot without doing anything about it was definitely not an option. He pulled his gun, aiming at the jacket with the bomb. His eyes flickered to John, still crouching on the floor. He quickly assessed the tension in the man and concluded that he was no longer shaking and his knees looked steady. He appeared rather like a coiled spring, ready to jump. John gave the slightest nod, his eyes flickering to the swimming pool.
John switched the light off in the tiny bathroom and regarded him fondly. He glanced at the bleak winter daylight coming in from the floor length window and closed the curtains as tightly as possible. Then he took off his shoes and stripped down to his pants and vest, draping his dirty clothes on the chair as well. He limped over to the bed and sat down next to Sherlock.
She looked around, grabbed a chair, dragged it over to the bed and sat down. Together, they watched John for a little while, and Sherlock got the strangest sense of calm from her. Her presence didn't bother him as John's previous girlfriends had. She didn't feel the need to fill the silence with empty chatter. She wasn't weeping or near fainting or putting on a bloody show just because people might expect a girlfriend to panic when their boyfriend had a concussion. He vaguely remembered other women in John’s life – Sandra, or something, was it? – that had reacted a lot less understanding when drama inevitably found a way to them.
at him? Enough to catalogue his size and everything? Did that mean something? Or was it just the normal Sherlock x-ray he turned on everyone?
John was usually not this… demonstrative in public, of course. He was affectionate towards Sherlock in his own way, but he had always protested loudly whenever anyone saw them as more than friends. Sherlock had not expected him to agree to the dance. It was definitely
After a moment of searching each other’s eyes, Sherlock finally spoke again. "If you will allow me to point out... You always were quite adamant that you were not interested in men."
“I see,” Mycroft said. “Curious.” He paused for a moment. “Pardon me for being blunt, but I don’t think John would have stopped seeing you if you hadn’t broken it off. Frightfully loyal man.” Mycroft sighed and took another sip of wine.
an ordinary living room. Mary was being seen to somewhere in the small, nondescript house, by someone who
Sherlock’s head snapped around and he regarded Lestrade with a small frown. He didn’t appreciate other people getting nosey and involved. Especially when it came to things he didn’t like being honest about.
Sherlock remained quiet for a moment. He raised his head and rested his chin on John’s head for a moment, still hugging him, and then placed an absent-minded kiss on John’s hair. The gesture was so natural and unexpected that it made John’s heart swell with affection.
, that was definitely an area that John had to steer clear off, if he wanted to keep one shred of his dignity intact. And his heart.
“Yeah, well, sometimes things are resolved much quicker when you don’t throw insults at people,” Lestrade pointed out.
John looked as if he wanted to ride with Mary, but then, with a glance at Sherlock, seemed to decide otherwise. He mumbled something about
John let out an annoyed huff and waved his phone. “Haven’t really had a chance to go into it,” he said.
A few hours later, John blinked, raising his head from the back of the armchair. He must have dropped off to sleep. The flat was darker and a steady rain was pattering against the windowpanes. A fire was crackling in the hearth, casting glowing light and flickering shadows over everything.
For a moment there was no response. Then, the bedroom door opened and Sherlock walked out. Or rather,
care before. About… you know. Another person,” she said quietly, before she could stop herself. When John looked back at her, her face relaxed a little.
Perhaps it was that nagging feeling in his head that insisted that Sherlock had been contemplating to kiss him just before the nurse entered. John’s cheeks heated even at the thought. Something had definitely changed. Now where the hell did they go from there?
Sherlock talked a little about his family, mostly regaling John with horrible childhood stories about Mycroft. He told him about old cases. He asked about John’s experiences in the army. He asked him about interesting medical stories. One night, over glasses of Scotch, they discussed the psychology of crime, which ended in a heated argument.
Sherlock didn’t respond for a moment, but then he finally sighed and leaned forward as well. “Yes, I agree. I promise, John.”
. What a loaded question. He sighed, trying not to notice the hint of… was it sadness in Sherlock’s voice? Or was he mocking John? Had the experience been so disappointing for him? Had he expected more? Did he feel ashamed for giving in to emotions? Or did he now realise that the whole sex thing wasn’t really
To use the time, John decided to look for Mrs Hudson’s Vichy Pastilles and some decadent chocolate for Mycroft. Depositing all their luggage on the platform to give Sherlock something to pace around, he set out.
Mr. Norton accepts his rations book, and doesn’t protest when John adds a substantial tip. “Will you be needing anything else, gentlemen? Coats? Hats? Scarves?”
tell you, however, is that Jennifer Wilson somehow stumbled across what seems to be an important message dealing with ... let us call them international proceedings and managed to copy some of it. The original has since disappeared. There is suspicion that this is due to some deed of espionage. It is being investigated.”
“Looks like someone has been here not long ago,” muses John, nodding towards some empty crisp packets, cigarette stumps and half-burned candles lying next to what look like the remains of Christmas cracker wrappings and paper hats. “Some squatters having a Christmas party?”
That night, Sherlock dreams of Rosie again, and of John bending over him, imploring him to keep breathing, of Moriarty and his sing-song-voice, of Mary looking him in the eyes and shooting him in the chest, of Molly helping him after the Fall. He wakes several times, disoriented and often panting for breath, before falling into fitful sleep once more. As he lies on his back after another untimely awakening, staring at the dark ceiling, he wonders how long these dreams are going to persist. They’re not exactly nightmares, he knows this, but rather the old timelines clinging to his subconscious – or the other way round, rather – refusing to be forgotten.
he reasons. The dog is still barking. The wind howls and screams in eery voices. Just when Sherlock steps closer to the window for a better view, there’s a loud crack. The fairy-lights go out, plunging the garden outside and the room into near darkness. Something heavy hits the window with a dull thump, making Sherlock jump back in shock. The dog falls silent.
Mike Stamford, one of the physiotherapists and a good friend of John’s, waits for him behind the finish to hand him water bottles and wipe him down with a cool flannel. “Great ride, John. Come on, let’s make you comfortable after your drugs test.”
is in sight, the sprinter teams begin to jostle to place their fast men near the front. Harry Lyons manages to get Team Speedy’s main sprinter Bainbridge into a good position as they speed towards the finish, to the crowds’ deafening cheer to both sides of the road. John stays close to Sherlock who doesn’t sprint, only tries to avoid getting caught in a crash. Sprint finishes are notorious for those because of the high speeds and often rough and aggressive cycling of some of the riders.
“They said they’d hurt our horses,” exclaimed Emma violently. “They said they’d kill them if we told anybody. But we didn’t tell. We told nobody, ever, and they still hurt them. They killed them, Rædi and Flædi. That’s why we took Ælfi, to keep her safe.”
That’s scarily close to the truth. Now it’s Sherlock’s turn to blush. He hopes the darkness will conceal it.
Reluctantly, Sherlock did so, gingerly placing the salamander in the moist, weedy confines of the well.
Remington has straightened up again and appears to be listening. He is tense, his stance radiating fear. The wind is roaring now, the rushing and rustling in the undergrowth rising to almost deafening intensity. Sherlock has to turn away from the direction of the wind as it feels strong enough to suck the breath out of him. Next to him, he hears John curse softly. Apparently, his torch isn’t working, as he can’t seem to switch it on again. Remington, too, seems to have worked himself into some sort of panic. He drops his phone, runs to the door and bangs against it, but it doesn’t open. The light remains dark. When another crack sounds, closer now – or was it a cry, or a whiplash? – followed by a rush and rumble as of a hill sliding and stones and rocks rolling, or many feet running, crying out, Remington spins around and runs in the other direction, away from the door, down the drive and onto the road.
“Definitely not,” agrees John, gazing critically at his own attempt at decrypting a message, the notes and books which are spread all over the table. “I feel as if my brain has been sucked out of my head and been replaced with cotton-wool. Come on, let’s get some fresh air and you to the privy, before something embarrassing happens.”
“Come on in,” John says wearily. Footsteps sound on the stairs, and soon Mycroft steps into the kitchen, John following behind. Sherlock endures the keen once-over, knowing that letting his brother simply deduce his physical condition will save time. Being as observant as both of them are does have advantages when it comes to the avoidance of tedious explanations.
“And,” continues John, standing taller as if gaining courage with each word, “you know all this about me – about Afghanistan and everything – because you deduced it. Because that’s what you do, isn’t it?” He runs a nervous hand through his hair, shakes his head again as if surprised by his own words. He huffs out a laugh, flashes another, almost pleading look at Mike who looks somewhat lost, too.
After ascending the Côte de Cruseilles, a relatively short descent and an ensuing category four climb to Côte de Peguin, the peloton approaches the last and longest climb of the day. The mountain massif hiding their destination, the ski-resort of Le Grand-Bornand, can already be seen mounting to their right, with sheer sides of light-grey stone studded with trees in the lower reaches, the bare peaks, despite the hot summer, still carrying traces of snow in nooks and crannies of their northern faces. The riders are about to traverse this mountain-range via the Col de la Colombière in a south-western direction. The mountain pass climbs to 1618 metres of altitude over almost twelve kilometres, with gradients ranging between four and twelve percent.
“So do I,” says Vanessa. “But we really don’t want to bother you with our problems. We just wanted to thank you once again for helping us find her, and also ... well, for being frank with us.”
“I refuse to involve Mycroft in this. I’d never hear the end of it. No, we will solve this case the good old-fashioned way.”
“Moran’s on here, too, but in the background. Seems to be some kind of gala event. Here, have a look.”
John smiled, setting in motion again. “Yes, good, but that’s not what I meant. I’ve heard of Sutton Hoo, of course, and seen some of the stuff they excavated there at the British Museum, but for me the name Rendlesham brings on completely different associations.”
“Yes. People stop asking stupid questions if you give them a term like this. They leave you in peace without trying to look behind the façade. Well, most of them, anyway,” he added, his eyes straying to John, his expression warm for a moment before he assumed a more detached countenance again.
Sherlock swallows. The snogging sounds tempting indeed. The thought surprises him, considering the ‘senseless’ part. He is thankful that his mental faculties are relatively on track again, despite the fact that like John, he can’t stop thinking about their tryst. He strokes John’s hand. “But it wasn’t new for you, what we did. Nor is falling in love,” he observes. “So how come you are so affected by it?”
Sherlock shrugs, a faint blush adorning his cheeks. “Well, there were so many leftovers – of the non-poisonous varieties ... I thought it would make a nice Christmas gift for Mrs H.”
Sherlock gazes at the hand in surprise, which John notices. He withdraws it, causing Sherlock to sigh internally. He wouldn’t have minded had it stayed. “No, nothing is the matter,” he replies. “I think I’d like to have a chat with The Woman, though. She is interesting.”
Sherlock chuckles. “I was referring to the book on apiology you gave me for Christmas, of course,” he teases.
The two women exchange a glance. “For that amount of money, we’ll be getting other things. Thank you. And now hurry, before Dave over there gets suspicious.”
But this is something to worry about tomorrow. For now, it’s head down and on. John licks rain from his lips and tries not to wince when water from his rear wheel splashes up his arse and back, soaking shorts and jersey. At least Team Speedy’s outfits are mostly dark in colour, apart from Sherlock’s and particular poor Kit’s, whose white jersey has become entirely transparent, and all of them wear black shorts. White or pastel coloured cycling shorts are never a good idea, as evidenced by Teams Selters and Arla with their predominantly white – and now dirty brown and mostly transparent – kit.
but John doesn’t know what happened almost thirty years ago. Sherlock wonders how little he can get away with telling him to keep him content.
John gazed at the picture for a while. The couple looked at ease with each other, happy. During Sherlock’s narration he had been torn between loathing Victor for obviously hurting Sherlock, and commiserating with him. After all, John of all people knew how difficult and often infuriating a person Sherlock could be, and how complicated it was to gauge one’s own feelings in relation to him. No wonder Victor had been confused in regards to Sherlock Holmes. Likely Sherlock’s own signals had been irritating and far from clear. John thought he could imagine very well how things had been, having gone through a similar experience. This did not, of course, excuse the ham-fisted and unfair way Victor had brushed off his own advances which John was sure had played a major part in the construction of Sherlock’s cold, arrogant, seemingly unfeeling attitude. He couldn’t be sure, but it had seemed like this had been the first time for Sherlock to allow himself to feel attracted to someone else in the hope that the attraction was mutual, had opened up and accepted physical closeness even if it was something as chaste as a cuddle and a dance, and then bam, see things blow up in his face. Knowing him, John could well imagine that he had tried to work extra hard on the case of Victor’s father, not just to show off, but to remind Victor of his brilliance, to win him back. And that, too, had ended badly. No wonder Sherlock hadn’t tried his hand at relationships after that but come to see them with disdain.
If not for the traffic and his and Sherlock’s heavy breathing, there would have been almost silence, too. The river, nearly dried out during the summer months but with skeletal trees lining in its bed hinting at its power during snowmelt, was barely to be heard. Nevertheless the trickle of water looked invitingly cool and pleasant to John, so much so that he was tempted to stop and take a dip.
John blushed rather adorably at this. “No ... it’s ... fine, I guess. If they don’t mind.” Sherlock knew he wasn’t just referring of bringing along another guest.
He made to dismount and approach the site, upon which the older of the two assistants, after a subtle sign from the leader, stepped forward and took hold of Fenja’s bridle.
He waits, shifting a little to try and see better, but whoever is up in the beech has hidden well. Just when he is convinced he won’t receive an answer, one of the branches stirs. Sherlock almost whoops with excitement. “Is that a yes?”
“Of course I do,” returns John with surprising sharpness. “Kidnapped girl, warning not to involve the police at all costs for the safety of the child ... Sherlock, this mother actually pleads with you. We must take it. There are so many sick people out there. Imagine if she came to harm and we could have prevented it. And have you had a look at the photo they took of the message? It looks pretty ... weird, what with those stickers. The wording is strange, too. Doesn’t the puzzle interest you at all?”
Interestingly, resets happen fairly frequently during his time at Harrow: twice during sports (a scuffle with some other boys, one of whom grabs his neck again and once after being hit in the neck by a ball), once in the early days when he runs away from school because the bullying has got too bad and he gets stung by a bee while waiting for a train to take him to London, once in the chemistry lab after he has managed to almost blow himself up and someone touches his throat to search for a heartbeat, and once, interestingly, when he is in his final year, tries to shave for the first time and cuts himself with the blade.
John runs a hand through his hair. He shakes his head, chuckles softly. Grinning up at Sherlock, he nods towards the bed. “Well, since we have a double, we should make use of it.”
Switching off the torch and sprinting back up the corridor and into the first room he can find, he presses himself against the wall, cocking his gun, and listening with bated breath for the other person to reach the stop of the stairs and pass along the corridor.
His eyes narrow. Is it obvious in the shadows under his eyes? Or did she hear any of their activities last night? They did keep their voices down, but their getting in and out of bed and Sherlock’s pacing might have been heard downstairs. The floor creaked, after all, and the walls dividing the rooms aren’t that thick.
“Oh hi, Sherlock, John,” Molly greeted them, rising from her chair. “Glad you could make it, and sorry again for interrupting your ... um ... date. This is Katie – Katherine Bolton – a friend from uni.”
John nods. “That’s what I was thinking. Right, then.” He gets rid of his tie and then proceeds to strip off his jacket and waistcoat. Sherlock watches him for a moment, before dropping soap and towel onto the bed and beginning to do likewise, quickly and efficiently stripping down to his trousers and vest, the braces dangling from his waist.
“Oh, I don’t know, perhaps he just isn’t taken in by their outward glamour like the rest of us poor buggers,” muses Lestrade with a twinkle in his eyes. “Anyway, I’ll definitely try and have a word with Miss Adler. She mentioned Wilson’s absence, albeit in a roundabout fashion. Did you notice? ‘Course you did. Anyway, I’d like to know if they were acquainted, and if Adler knows anything about her whereabouts the night before she died. I also wonder if she knew about her death before she came here tonight.”
“Virginity is an outdated concept anyway,” replies Sherlock lightly. “You’re the man who makes me happy. They’re bound to see that, eventually. Also, it might help to get them something nice in town tomorrow, such as the chocolates Mrs. H. has been saving her coupons for. The owner of the grocery store owes me a favour, and will sell them to me even without my ration
Nevertheless he took a step back. “Listen, Sherlock, can’t you just tell me something? Anything? Enough so that I can react appropriately for when Mycroft inevitably kidnaps me for a chat? I don’t want to pry into your past, nor your thoughts or feelings, but like this it’s hurtful for both of us. And I’d much rather learn what is going on from you instead of your brother. So,” he shrugged, “do what you want, I guess.”
“Yes. Seeing this room just brought it back to me. It must have struck me as something remarkable. Although truth to tell, you in your entirety are utterly remarkable.” He bites his lower lip and indicates the bed. “Shall we?”
“Didn’t you say thinking of your brother helped to keep things under control?” teased John as he lightly ran his hand along Sherlock’s side over the fabric of his t-shirt. Sherlock gasped and squirmed, proving once more how ticklish he was, despite his staunch denial. “It may delay things a bit,” he admitted.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed suspiciously. “Do I make silly faces while I’m thinking, or why are you staring at me like that?”
Almost against his will, Sherlock is fascinated by her practical and somewhat egotistical attitude to conducting relationships. It seems so far removed from his own experience, as little as there is. Even though he has charmed witnesses and even kissed for a case before, he doubts he could ever go further than that. To get romantically or even sexually entangled with strangers ... the mere thought is nauseating.
But this very man appears to be avoiding John because the latter’s been a prick, and there won’t be any chance to talk and set things right before they reach Canterbury in about six hours’ time, or not even then. John remembers what Sherlock said about distractions. Is Sherlock going to be distracted? Or has he simply deleted John’s words, blocked them out to concentrate on the race. And what exactly has John said to make him look so hurt? John knows his thoughts are going to return to the strange situation at breakfast again and again while on the road today.
“Guess we shouldn’t have been quoting so much Tolkien,” mused John as he gazed at the three dark openings in the wall of trees surrounding them. “This is like the Mines of Moria.”
“Stay down there or I’ll bloody shoot you,” he calls downstairs for good measure, before pocketing the gun and getting out his mobile again. As usual when he is high on adrenaline, his hands are perfectly steady when he switches it on again in total darkness, rushing back to Sherlock’s side while his eyes are still adjusting to the light. His heart clenches when he sees that Sherlock is shaking all over, huddled in on himself like a hare hiding from the hounds. Some of the blood seeping from his hair is fresh. The wound must have reopened from his desperate dash up the stairs.
It’s more than half a year ago now. Gosh, how time flies. She may have teeth now, and more hair. She’d be able to recognise people, grasp and even handle simple things. She will soon be fed other things than milk. Is Mary still nursing her? Has she been nursing her at all? So many small steps in the baby’s development have passed now, and John, her father, has missed all of them. John releases a tremulous breath. The grief associated with thinking about his child still surprises him. Fatherhood had always been a distant thought, even when Sherlock had confronted Mary and him with it at their wedding. John hadn’t desperately wanted to have children. Neither had Mary. They’d talked about it once, and agreed to wait, to settle down first, so see how things went. With both of them over forty, for John that had meant as much as not having children at all. But it had happened, and eventually (out of necessity, but also out of choice), both embraced the idea. John’s loyalties were severely tested when Mary shot Sherlock, but he felt he had to make an effort with Mary for the sake of their child. To his surprise, Sherlock had encouraged it – another proof of his selfless (almost worryingly so) love for John. From personal experience, John knows how ugly a messed up home and absent father can be, and he wanted his own child to know a happy, caring family life with two parents.
Slowly, Sherlock begins to disentangle himself, looking rather a mess. He gazes at John, his usual sharpness dulled by endorphins, and begins to smile. “Apparently, the overall verdict is going to be favourable. Thank you. I’ll have to work on my stamina, it appears. I didn’t expect to get overwhelmed so easily. It’s a bit embarrassing.”
“That you like men as well as women? No, why should it?” replies Sherlock. “Each to their own. And in case you’re worried that I’m going to report your predilection to the authorities, you should know by now what my opinion of said authorities is.”
“Oh yes,” he returns cheerfully. “Albeit your black cycling shorts are somewhat counterproductive to the spirit of this venture.”
“Basically, yes. It’s like a locomotive running on full power but unable to move forward, or to even let off steam. At some point, the boiler overheats and the whole thing flies apart.”
The sudden wave of senses sweeping over him unfortunately brought with it a wave of remembering and… nausea. He blinked and immediately felt dizzy. The light was glaring and bright and he wasn’t sure which memory his brain ought to tackle first. John groaned, half of the sound being muffled by the chest his face was pressed into. The body that smelled, felt and sounded like Sherlock. Oh dear.
John stepped forward. “Stop it. You are not turning this into some kind of grand debate. This is not
A large hand grabbed his neck and slammed him into the wall so heavily that his head spun. His vision went blurry and he staggered, completely disoriented. He couldn’t defend himself, he’d probably just acquired a rather nasty concussion and he didn’t know where up or down was, let alone the bloody fire escape. He muttered “Mary…!” and desperately tried to regain his balance, when the large hands grabbed his throat.
"Thanks," John mumbled, stretching his tense muscles, inhaling the sweet fragrance of the tea. He was still basking in the light-headedness of the previous night and the morning, and not quite awake; otherwise he probably would have noticed Sherlock’s slightly bemused grin and the slight difference in his posture. As he walked by Sherlock standing in the kitchen doorway, he leaned up and quickly brushed a kiss to his lips, and Sherlock hummed contentedly, if still with that odd smirk on his face.
Sherlock shook his head and leaned back again. “Sometimes I despair at the crude coupling methods of the human race.”
John rested a hand on her forehead. “Thank you for getting us out,” he said. “We hoped you would.” Mary smiled a little through the pain.
He pulled out his phone and quickly found the right number. After a brief moment, Mary answered, sounding amused. “
Harry was nursing her fourth drink that night, whilst John was still cradling his first pint. It slowly grew warm and stale under his palms. His arm was still in bandages from where he had broken it the month before, chasing someone through the streets. A lead. A criminal. It didn’t really matter. And on some subconscious level that he tried not to think about, John knew that had Sherlock been with him, he would not have been injured. He would have paid more attention, been more alert, and most importantly, been too busy watching Sherlock’s back. The irony of the situation left a bitter taste in his mouth. He had tried to do it all again, but it wasn’t the same on his own. Obviously.
Sherlock slammed his laptop shut and shoved it onto the couch table. His fingers were itching to do something, anything, to distract him from this new intrusion into the already complicated situation. He could really do with a smoke. Or perhaps a little axe murder to lighten things up. He knew John had brought his gun, but it wouldn’t do to waste the bullets shooting the walls no matter how irritated he was. (Also, Mummy would kill him if he damaged her wallpaper.) Finally, he went and fetched his coat, pulled on his gloves, and went to the garden. He walked briskly across the lawn, the frozen grass crunching underfoot, until he reached the shed. He plonked himself noisily down on the bench in front of it, looking out over the field that stretched beyond the house, and simply breathed in the cold air for a while. He knew he had no cigarettes in any pockets (constant vigilance on John’s part ensured it) but he rummaged through them anyway, just to give his hands something to do.
If Sherlock really could have deduced the sorry decline of his friend, he probably would have gotten up straight after his supposed Fall, brushed himself off, walked back to Baker Street and never left John on his own again.
. He’d never really thought about it that way, but it somehow felt true. When Mycroft had told him, back in Russia, that he was
“Dhon! I have foung another lisht of purchashesh to check,” he exclaimed with enthusiasm, toothbrush dangling from his mouth.
“What are you planning?” John found his own voice sounded a tad too curious and entertained by this. Not good.
After long minutes, they broke apart, panting slightly. He could still feel the kiss on his lips, the warmth in his chest, the soft skin of the nose against his cheek.
had not been answered conclusively and had Mary and Margaret dissolve into laughter. John, clueless as he was, couldn’t help but laugh along at this point.
On the way back, an older couple greeted Sherlock warmly and John, being John, of course, forced him to stop and make small talk.
A large SUV was waiting for them. Sherlock opened his phone and sent a quick text and a moment later, the car clicked open. He dug the keys out of the glove compartment and slipped into the driver’s seat. John followed, buckled in, and glanced around. Sherlock looked over and noted that a slightly puzzled look had taken over John’s features; but when he caught his eye, the blank mask slipped back into place. Sherlock sighed and turned the keys. This was going to be a long drive.
“Consider it a birthday present,” John smirked. Greg grinned and slapped him on the shoulder. He leaned in a bit and looked after the retreating form of Sherlock. “All right. Thanks. I’m guessing you got home just fine as well then?” His eyes twinkled a little.
Mycroft took this in stride. “If I have to,” he said with an amused air. “Now, I believe we were promised tea.” He beckoned Mary to follow as he turned to go to the kitchen. And just as their voices became quieter in the corridor, Sherlock heard him add, “you know when he was little, he actually loved the sword,” and Mary giggled in response.
John gave a little double take, finally catching up with the facts. “Oh… Oh! Wait a minute… am I the
; as if he had never done anything else but smile at John. The mad thought rushed through him that he wasn’t sure whether he wanted to murder or kiss him, and he definitely couldn’t deal with this sort of thinking right now.
After another breath between them, John was beginning to feel lightheaded. He pushed against the instinct to breathe out of his nose. Sherlock’s hand was fisting into his cardigan, struggling with the strain as much as he was. John knew that in addition to the difficult breathing, they both had to fight to stay underwater, to resist the human urge to strive towards air. The steady pull of the receding water wasn’t helping, either. His grip on Sherlock’s face intensified as their joint breathing became more and more shallow. This could not go on for much longer.
John’s sleepy, inebriated brain just barely noticed how he inevitably snuggled closer to Sherlock, his head resting on the slowly rising and falling chest. Sherlock wrapped his arms and his coat around him, sitting halfway on a step, leaning back against the bannister.
John finally shook himself and broke the stare. He’d thought he could somehow use the excuse of alcohol and a relaxed atmosphere to finally broach the subject of their mutual (or not mutual) feelings. If Sherlock even had them or considered them important enough to warrant attention. Perhaps tonight would be a good opportunity to finally find out.
"He is... coping. I believe," Mycroft said, carefully sitting down on a rickety wooden chair. The tiny shed did not offer much in the way of amenities, but it worked as a safe hiding spot for Sherlock for now. He’d been here for several days, and Mycroft felt a little relieved to see empty food cans on a counter; at least his brother was not sulking himself into starvation.
He wouldn’t let the panic take over. He couldn’t. John hadn’t let him down at the swimming pool and now he had to do the same. He leaned in again, and after another breath, he finally felt John respond and splutter as gushes of water were coughed up and Sherlock felt a huge weight lift of his chest at once.
“This better be good,” he greeted them, waving his coffee at their chairs in invitation and sitting down groggily.
His stomach gave a funny jolt when he realised that, in comparison, the build up to kissing her had felt almost like a program his body was running on autopilot. Nice and definitely not unpleasant; but
John rolls his eyes but does as he is bidden. Waiting nervously at the designated spot, he listens closely for footsteps on the stairs while watching the lift panel. When it lights up and a increasing dull rumble announces the lift going down, he whistles softly. The stairs seem safe, so he withdraws up some steps to be shielded from the lift doors by a bit of wall. Sherlock doesn’t come immediately, so John whistles again, louder and more urgently. The lift has almost reached the basement. One more floor to descend ...
“Excellent. See if you can find him and ask him and his wife whether they know any films the singer Irene Adler may have had a part in.”
” she tells them with a wink, pointing towards the south where a hazy, blue, undulating line on the horizon marks the mountains of the Pyrenees. John and particularly Sherlock thank her profusely before the team take their leave and cycle back to Pau.
What surprises Sherlock is that he doesn’t mind. The more John takes control of the kiss, the more Sherlock surrenders. And John does take control, Dear God, he is actually, actively kissing Sherlock back. It’s slow and careful at first, as if he is unsure as to what is allowed, but progressively, it becomes more determined. His lips are moving against Sherlock’s and there is pressure, measured and confident, exactly the right amount to come across as competent yet not forceful. He has tilted his head just so that their noses aren’t bumping against each other any longer and oh, oh, Sherlock thinks he understands why people enjoy this. He understands, and immediately craves more: a deeper touch, a closer connection.
With a nod at John and a rather more unfriendly scowl at Sherlock, Mr. Suffield withdraws and moves down the stairs. His wife remains hovering in the doorway with an air of indecision, until Molly steps to her and squeezes her shoulder. “We can really manage, Mrs. Suffield. You can trust Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson.”
Sherlock studies John, and suddenly feels he understands what the other has been driving at. Is this how other people feel when he explains his deductions and they finally catch up? “Of course,” he breathes. “Brilliant, John.”
“His real name is Mark Rutherford,” explained Sherlock. “He originally read history and archaeology at Birmingham, then attempted a PhD at Cardiff University.”
“Or a crazy fan who thought they were doing us a favour,” muttered John darkly. The prospect of Moriarty or somebody like him returning held very little appeal, considering what his involvement in the London crime scene had cost them last time. At the same time, however, John felt wild (and inappropriate) excitement course through him. Who was Agra, why were they helping Sherlock and him? And what could they possibly want in return?
“Not that I know of. Scotland Yard said they were going to keep in touch.” She sighs, her gaze flitting over the withered gravestones. “To be honest, I hope things calm down a little. All this attention from the press because of my engagement has been tiring. I’m thankful for this respite here, away from London, and am actually considering spending some time abroad until the wolves have found a different prey. Jim suggested doing some gigs in Dublin, so perhaps we’ll move over there for a while.”
John gives him a long, thoughtful glance. “I know. Have you ever ... I don’t know” – Sherlock steels himself for the question – “been drunk?” He lets out a breath. This is less personal than he thought John’s enquiry was going to be.
In front of him, he can see the spectre of van Coon doing the same. Racing downhill on a water-slick road on virtually profile-less tyres with limited visibility is never a good idea. From behind, the roar of a motorcycle-engine announces one of the camera teams approaching. As they draw level with John, the person in the back holds up a chalkboard.
They pass the time with small-talk which normally, Sherlock hates. He leaves the chatting to John who is quite good at it, and watches how he manages to ease Molly’s and Brenda’s nerves. John, too, seems nervous. Sherlock himself couldn’t care less if he’s about to meet the PM or the King or a London street urchin. He is, however, not very eager to encounter his brother again, because he is convinced there he is going to be reprimanded for ‘borrowing’ Mycroft’s car. He is fully prepared to take all the blame and suffer whatever penance Mycroft devises, but fears that John might be dealt some retribution as well.
Mrs. Turner translates for the chef who apparently doesn’t understand much English. He replies in quick French. John catches terms such as
The Irishman laughs and licks his ice-cream. “Oh, I’m sure they do. But last year, he was already riding in yellow on the second rest day. Things aren’t that tickety-boo this year, are they?”
Sherlock heaves a big sigh and sags against the door. Aunt Mabel’s call couldn’t have been timed any better. There is some grumbling from the other side of the door and some rather half-hearted pushes, but then, ”Coming, Mum,” calls Daniel.
“There were some press people out and about in the village,” he explains. “I don’t know about you, but I’d prefer my face not be plastered all over the tabloids again.”
“You don’t share his attitude and beliefs, then? Not just when it comes to art, I mean,” enquires John.
Sherlock casts a quick glance at John who looks cold and tired and hungry, just the way he feels himself. However, the thought of spending the night under Daniel’s roof sends a shiver down his spine that has little to do with the weather and his drenched clothes. Vanessa seems to read his thoughts with surprising ease.
thinks Sherlock, but then scolds himself and shakes his head. “This should be fine. We’ll pass by the Park and hear if Tiltman has got some official papers for me. Those should make things easier.”
John doesn’t expect to receive a reply right away – or at all. Throwing his phone onto his bed, he escapes into the ensuite to use the loo and to wash his hands and face, avoiding gazing at himself in the mirror as he dries his skin. It’s not very late and still light outside. Through the open window, he can hear a murmur of voices. Not in the mood for company but nevertheless wanting to get away from the awkward atmosphere of their room where everything reminds him of Sherlock and their quarrel, he sets out to find a solitary spot outside. Wandering aimlessly through the hotel’s grounds at first, skirting the lake, he eventually reaches the playground where he sits down on a swing, his mobile in his hands. Still no reply from Sherlock. He sighs. Thinking of catching up with the news, he realises that the hotel’s WiFi doesn’t extend into the garden, and that mobile internet reception is very basic in this area. Phone reception, however, is adequate. After a moment’s hesitation, he calls James Sholto’s number.
Sherlock shrugs. “I simply stated a possibility. Give me another reason why she ended her life? You were the last person to see her that evening she died, weren’t you? You were driving Moran’s Bentley, wearing attire that made you look like a man, at least at a distance.“
Sherlock launched into a thorough description of the two assistants, which Katie interrupted at some point. “Matt and Toby Goodman from Hollesley?” repeated Sherlock. “Good. No other possible candidates? Excellent. Tell the police to send another car to their parents’ farm and check whether they’re home. Matt’s the elder, right? He crashed with his quad and injured his hip. The quad seemed to be working afterwards, but was damaged considerably and should show clear traces of the crash. They were involved in the illegal excavation of what looks like an ancient barrow. Yes, really. They’d been at it for some time. It’s a long story, and I believe the children can fill more than one chapter with their accounts. So hurry. Yes, it’s a low, bunker-like structure, about two miles off the road to Butley, eastwards of the Millers’s farm beyond their fishpond. When you head towards Butley on the main road, a path branches off to the left near the edge of the forest, running parallel to the treeline. It’s more or less the eastern border of the Millers’ land. Yes, that one. Can you find it in the dark? Good. Describe it to the police and tell them to take this seriously. We need two cars. One for the Goodman’s farm, one for coming here. Tell them to bring sufficient illumination. There was a third criminal who is still out and about, but in need of medical attention. What? Oh, yes, about the tea. Bring some, hot, milk, no sugar. And a first aid kit. No, not the children. I told you they’re fine. It’s John. He fell off his horse and could do with some painkillers, although if you asked him he’d claim he’s perfectly all right. But he isn’t. So hurry. Right. Bye.”
The only thing making the heat bearable was a slight headwind coming down from the mountains. However, this also meant that the rider in front had to work harder. This was Sherlock, at least most of the time, because he always got twitchy when he had to ride second and seemed to have a hard time keeping his distance. John didn’t mind riding behind him in the slightest. On the contrary, he gladly let him go in front and profited from the wind break.
He closes his eyes with a sigh and tries to relax on the stretcher. Of course the paramedics won’t bring him back. He might be able to talk them into it, blackmail them with information he has deduced about them, but he doubts it’d work. Both are very professional and probably have dealt with all kinds of uncooperative patients in the past. John would be cross if Sherlock bullied them. He promised to behave. John is very sensitive to how those in the health sector are treated, reiterating over and over how NHS personnel are working extremely hard for inadequate pay. He wouldn’t want Sherlock to give these paramedics a hard time when they are just doing their job, and doing it well. John might also throw a fit if Sherlock’s ambulance doesn’t arrive at the hospital in what can be considered a realistic time to make the journey. He’d worry. Sherlock doesn’t want John to worry about him anymore.
“That’s comforting to hear. I thought about dismounting when we were half way up, but then you pushed on …”
“Consciously, being able to name the feeling for what it was,” continues Sherlock, “since my Fall, and more precisely since your wedding.” He bites his lip and shrugs helplessly. “Bloody awful timing, I know.”
the lead of which has lessened to about ninety seconds. In the group around Magnussen, constant attacks by the GC hopefuls are keeping everybody on their toes. When John’s group reaches the first bends of the road leading up Plateau-de-Beille, their final ascent for the day, to his surprise his group picks up Anderson who, despite gaining some mountain points during the first two ascents and then helping Sherlock and Kit, was forced to drop out of the battle for the stage win – and, temporarily, the polka-dot jersey, which he is going to lose to Bernard – due to his injuries from the previous day.
Sherlock twitches, having obviously been pulled out of his thoughts. He focuses on John and nods, despite his face clearly betraying pain and exhaustion.
Sherlock beams at John. “He didn’t change the key settings, John. He was lazy, or perhaps he was a in a hurry or there was some other factor that prevented him from changing the settings – standard procedure after every transmission, and for good reason. He should have altered them, but he didn’t. He didn’t. Oh, this is gold, John. Have copies made immediately, and then we need to find Kenworthy again and hopefully a telephone. Tiltman must learn of this. From the amount of text – and variables – he’s getting from these two messages he might be able to construct a crib.”
“Yes ...?” says Sherlock, drawing out the vowel. “We’ve just spoken about that, remember?” Even to his own ears he sounds irritable, being both impatient and reluctant to continue their hike, but preferring to get it over with. Apart from apprehension, curiosity is gnawing at him. It’s been so long ...
There is more silence, which makes Sherlock wonder if he has literally barked up the wrong tree. He casts a quick glance at John who is watching him with a strange expression. Sherlock recognises admiration and fondness, but also lines of grief and regret. Is he thinking of Mary and his own daughter? Likely yes.
John caught Sherlock’s hand as he was about to lift it off his chest and pressed it gently against his sternum, caressing the long fingers with his own. “No, Sherlock, it was good. Your offer, I mean.” He swallowed, drawing a deep breath and licking his lips again. “A bit unexpected, though.”
John squeezed his shoulder affectionately. “Absolutely. You’re the first person I know who managed to come from kissing alone.”
Like most others, John eventually makes it across the finish, to the encouraging cheers from the crowds and well-meaning remarks from the announcer. On the screens, a time-lapse of the crash as filmed by the stationary cameras near the finish is playing. John sees that one of the Brook Consulting riders came too close to his rear wheel and caused him to swerve and ultimately crash, which lead to a domino effect that brought down most of the peloton. It’s rather a marvel that only few people seem to have acquired serious injuries. An accident like this could have resulted in far worse, wiping out some of the more serious contenders for the overall win. Watching the time-lapse, John doesn’t believe the crash was caused deliberately. Accidents like this happen, particularly towards the end of a stage.
Next to him, Sherlock feels Vanessa twitch nervously. Likely, she is getting impatient as it’s not evident how the investigation they have conducted so far is going and how all of this is supposed to help find her.
Irene studies him thoughtfully. “Did he, now? Well, it’s great to hear he’s improving and that he’s crawled out of whatever hole his depression dropped him into. What did you reply?”
“Moran for the Germans,” explains Sherlock, trying to sort the tangle in his head. “His valet on him for ... I’d surmise MI5. You on him for ... whoever you work for. MI6 on a freelance basis, I’d say. And the Germans, at least so they think. You said you were feeding them selected information. Enough for them to believe you’re working for them, but nothing of real value that could be used against us. A dangerous game, particularly given your family connections back in Austria. Mostly, however, you’re working for yourself, of course.”
“We’re right next to the Cimetière Montparnasse,” explains Sherlock. “If there’s a chance, I’d like to see it. Many famous people are buried there, and some of them died under interesting circumstances. And I’d like to visit the Catacombs, too. They’re not far from here.”
“Do enlighten me. Why did I hesitate to take the case?” he asks evenly, veiling his genuine curiosity.
“You’re right,” she pants. “Something has happened. I was on my way to work when I found her.” She claps a hand in front of her mouth and right enough, the tears start falling.
John laid a calming hand on Sherlock’s arm as he drew breath for a no doubt crushing deduction. When Sherlock glanced at him, he shook his head slightly. “Not now,” he muttered under his breath. “Keep it quick, and with minimum damage for all involved, all right. I don’t want to spend tonight in a holding cell, nor turn up at a police station in the middle of nowhere to bail you out.”
At the sight of the policemen, Moran’s shoulders slump. He eyes the French windows briefly as if considering a last effort dash to try and evade capture, but the sergeant, a bulky, ginger-haired Northerner with a silhouette like a carrot, is already on his way to block this route. Moran lets out a breath, before straightening up again and haughtily pushing the hair out of his forehead as he faces Lestrade stoically.
John shakes his head, his mirth dimmed. “Sherlock, you really ought to be more tactful. Poor Miss Hooper was clearly stricken by the death of her friend, and you talk about it like it’s the best thing since Christmas.”
Not that there is anything to see. All around him, dense fog reigns. Sherlock is lost in a grey soup, the droplets so thick they almost feel like drizzle. Perhaps they are drizzle. He is caught in the middle of a cloud, and even the cold wind doesn’t help much to move it, only creating lighter and darker spots as though tattered sheets of tracing paper are moved around. Occasionally, swirls of fog shift aside to briefly reveal a rocky ground –
“You daftie,” muttered John fondly as he watched the sleeping form. Apparently Sherlock had been up here for some time. There was the stack of newspapers John had collected for him on the floor next to the bed. Sherlock’s laptop sat on top of them, and his mobile was lying on the bedside table next to an empty mug that seemed to have contained tea. There was no trace of Sherlock’s luggage or his other clothes. John surmised he had shed them downstairs. He hadn’t noticed their presence since he had gone straight into the bathroom.
John shrugged. “He’s a bit of an arrogant git, yes, but ... actually, he’s okay. Quite strange, though. I don’t really know what to make of him yet. He doesn’t snore, so that’s all right, I guess.”
Sherlock seemed to be watching the steam rising from his mug, completely lost in thought. John cleared his throat. “Right. I’ll be off, then. Sorry about …”
Again her eyes sweep his form curiously, making him wonder whether his feelings for John are clearly visible on his features. “How progressive, Mr. Holmes,” she quips.
“I don’t know. Perhaps. Moriarty is still out there, as is your wife – or rather, the woman who was your wife once, in another future.”
Despite his words, he looks worried. John reaches out and runs a hand down his arm, raising goosebumps on Sherlock’s skin and making him smile briefly. “Which means you’re going to rock this thing tomorrow. I know you will. Don’t go too fast, though, or the rest of us are going to struggle with the time limit.”
John steps next to him, hands him the cutlery and received the heavy Canon in return. “What’s the camera for, anyway? And where did you get it? Robbed one of the paparazzi to get a tele lens like this? You don’t strike me as the kind of bloke who likes to photograph the countryside, although it is quite nice round here. Guess you could almost see the antenna up on Haut-Folin with this lens. It must be as strong as a pair of binoculars.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrow briefly. He takes a bite from his bar, chews and washes it down with a sip from his water-bottle. “Yes. He has agreed to a meeting, somewhere near the river, which suits me because our hotel is situated right on its banks. But he’s not yet informed me about the exact time and place, and in general has been evasive about what exactly he wants to talk about.”
A general sigh of agreement goes up. John watches Sherlock as he frowns at his phone, probably annoyed by the lack of signal, and wonders if he’s trying to contact Victor to enquire about his state.
Sherlock shrugs. “Since I’ve been burdened with a fairly likeable and not entirely moronic roommate, it seems.”
Sherlock nods, impressed and intrigued. “Brilliant,” he mutters, resolving to replicate the experiment once they’re back at Bletchley as he and John take seats on the open loading area between sacks of apples.
John’s eyes are burning as he gazes at Sherlock. “And you know what was worst? The worst was not the very real chance of you dying, but ...” He draws a ragged breath and swallows hard. “The worst thing was that at one point, when I thought I couldn’t bear it anymore – the uncertainty and terrible suspense—”
“Yes. And at keeping you fed. I’m not sure the flat, I or Mrs. Hudson could possibly cope with any more chemical hazards this weekend, and your friend the spider will surely thank you for not using any drugs on it, either.”
The corners of Sherlock’s lips twitched in a faint smile as he began to talk. As usual, John listened with rapt fascination. Sherlock got carried away to such an extent that John had to interrupt him when after an increase in gradient the world’s only consulting detective began to gasp for air and John suggested he concentrate on breathing for a while (despite its inherent boredom) until the road grew less steep.
He picks up a stick from the ground, opens the tank, dips it in and holds it up for John and Sherlock to see. Sherlock is intrigued. “How do you get the colour out?” he wants to know, running several potential chemical solutions through his mind. “A simple filter wouldn’t get rid of the dye. Do you use charcoal to filter it? Aspirin? That should break down the colour.”
“No, he seemed shocked, but immediately turned defensive again. When I suggested he speak to the police, he drove off forcefully, almost running me over. I pursued him on my bicycle as far as I could manage, to see which direction he was going. I lost him up the road where it begins to rise more steeply. He left in the direction of Buckingham, but he may have turned round later. I didn’t see his car again, however, when I went back into town to see how you had fared with The Woman. Unfortunately, the two of you had already left.”
Sherlock casts a thoughtful glance at his blanket-covered groin, before cocking an eyebrow at John and smiling over the rim of the glass. “Depends whether you mind the mess or not.”
“I’m not delighted about her death,” Sherlock defends himself. “I am excited about the mystery, but it needn’t have involved her demise. And it seems there are greater things at work here. Whoever is behind this, both her death and the disappearance of the messages, I doubt they are acting out of patriotic duty for King and country.”
“Oh, come on, Vanessa. You hired me. You know what I do. One look at your tweets about your outing to Ibiza with the girls told me everything I needed to know about your extramarital activities. Does Daniel know what happened?”
“No, I just implied that you must have experienced the hormone-addled phase when you were a teenager. Didn’t you ever feel the need to … experiment back then? Or later, at uni? I gather you weren’t popular with your peers, which frankly I don’t understand. I mean, you’re brilliant, you can be extremely charming in a somewhat manipulative way, and … well, you look bloody gorgeous. Unusual, but striking. I’m sure there were interested parties.”
“Is he going to press charges?” John wants to know. Father and son exchange a glance, and Sherlock finds his suspicion confirmed. “He hasn’t regained consciousness, has he?”
John holds out his plate. “Yeah, why not? Sorry things didn’t quite work out for you at the finish today.”
“Yeah, I’d want that, too. Okay, next page ... We’re kissing. And ... more kissing? Snogging? Or are we eating each other’s faces?”
Even though John doesn’t make any particular sound when he appears in the doorway of the bathroom, Sherlock can feel his presence behind him. For a while, he simply stands there. In the mirror, Sherlock can only see a part of his face, which is flushed yet weary, the lines deeper than usual. John’s hair is sweaty and tousled. It’s windy outside, and there must have been a bit of drizzle, too.
John nodded to himself. “I know what you mean. Anyway, I’ll leave you in peace now so you can devote all your brainpower to styling your hair. Wouldn’t want our yellow boy to look all dishevelled and out of sorts today, would we?”
This chapter took me longer to write than expected. Mostly RL is to blame, but also John and Sherlock doing things they weren’t supposed to. I thank all faithful readers of the story for their patience, my colleague Anne for checking the French passages, and as a always a big thank you goes to rifleman_s for betaing.
Afterwards, they lay for a long while slotted together while their breathing evened out, both resting on their sides but with John half on top of Sherlock. Their foreheads were touching, and to John it seemed they were almost breathing into each other’s noses. Sherlock’s fingers were drawing idle circles on his back, while John absently stroked his flank, feeling his thundering heartbeat gradually calm and his sweat dry.
John’s eyebrows vanish into his fringe. He has an inkling that Sherlock didn’t exactly approach her for medical advice. Sarah’s grin seems to confirm his suspicion. “Jesus. How did that go?”
A high-pitched cry makes him look up at the sky. A buzzard is circling overhead. Sherlock watches it for a moment until it flies out of sight. He bends over the pond again, hoping to catch another glimpse of the newt. But apart from the pond-skaters, nothing moves in or on the water. Just when he is about to return to the shore, however, Sherlock thinks he’s seen something, like a shadow or reflection that darkens the water for a second or two, and then vanishes again. Looking up quickly, he scans the bushes shielding the pond to the North and West, but he can’t make out any shape that could have caused the vision. There are no rustling sounds, no footsteps, either. Still, of a sudden, he has the distinct feeling of being watched.
John feels hot, kicks off the duvet, only to shiver in the cool night-air and wrapping himself up again. Sherlock grunt, tugs on the duvet in return. They lie still again, but sleep continues to evade them. Suddenly, Sherlock sits up and swings his legs to the floor.
good, Mr. Holmes, aren’t you?” He shrugs. “Irene? I wouldn’t put it beyond her. She is clever, very much so.”
“But whoever is behind it would have to be extremely ruthless and even better organised to do so much damage without getting caught,” muses John.
“You beautiful, beautiful man,” whispers John, his voice tight. He swallows once, twice, then kisses the top of Sherlock’s head. “For a moment, I thought I’d lose you. I was sure he’d kill you. Oh God, Sherlock, never do that to me again.”
John simply watches him in rapt fascination. Sherlock is totally engrossed in his task. There is icing sugar in his hair and on the collar of his shirt. Sweat is beading on his nose, but he makes no move to brush it away. He looks tousled and dishevelled in such a lovely way that John feels his heart drown in a wave of sentiment. He loves this ridiculous man so very much. And he wants Sherlock to finally know, in clear, unmistakable terms, whatever the consequences.
Ellie sniffs, watches him keenly for a moment, but then smiles and reaches up to pat Sherlock’s knee. “I can see that you’ve got another now. That’s good. Keep him.”
John nodded. At least this kid was being brought up with proper Star Wars stuff, not the prequel- or “Clone Wars”-nonsense he’d overheard youngsters on the Tube discuss.
John nods. “I thought that much was rather obvious. And not just because of my kissing you back. I was rather convinced I’d been quite forward in hinting at my ... affection for you. I mean,” he laughs softly and nervously. “I mean, to put it frankly, I’ve been flirting with you rather shamelessly, haven’t I?”
Sherlock grinned. “I’m still waiting for that dream, actually. Why do you dream of me as a salamander? Or that dragon thing?”
John frowns up at him, his confused expression, and begins to laugh. “Yes, Sherlock, yes, it is. It’s a euphemism for sex. Putting up shelves. Surely you knew. Come on, admit it. You’re playing dumb so that I embarrass myself trying to explain.”
Sherlock ducks his head and snorts out a laugh, too. “Indeed. I did warn you, though. I told you that I was likely to mess up. All this,” he gestures between them, “it’s new for me, and frankly quite scary. I don’t know the rules or protocols of romantic entanglements, and ours is fraught with danger on top of all the usual pitfalls. I am sorry.”
The returned to Lestrade’s car in silence, each caught in his own thoughts. “This was a good decision,” said John at last.
“Didn’t think I was this slow for Mortimer to catch up with me,” John tells Sam via radio. “Isn’t he more of a mountain goat?”
“I don’t mind. Sharing the bed with you, I mean. I know you don’t snore badly. Well, at least you don’t when you nap on the sofa, and didn’t when I watched you in hospital after …”
John shook his head. “No, but I always wanted to. Stephen King once said that he considers this film the best adaptation of any of his works. Don’t know whether the book is anything like the movie, though. I first watched it when it was shown at the cinema, back in ‘87 or ‘88. There was a girl in my class I was interested in at the time, Claire I think was her name. Yeah, right, Claire Munnings. She was totally hooked on River Phoenix and wanted to see the film because of him. So I took her. Proved a good decision, too, because by the end of it she was crying and needed someone to comfort her. Previously she hadn’t really let me touch her, but after the movie she was very eager to cry into my jumper and for me to hug her.”
By the time they’d saddled the horses, moved them out of the bunker, and readied themselves by donning coat, jacket and their riding helmets, there was no sign of the quads anymore. While Sherlock gave Fenja’s saddle girth another tug, John stood listening and surveying their surroundings, hoping to pick up the faint roar of engines in order to determine whether the riders were still moving, and in which direction. But the only thing he heard was the sigh of the wind in the pine trees some two-hundred yards behind the bunker, the shuffling of the horses, and the rough croaks of crows and high cries of seagulls hovering over a field.
“Yes. Offa’s Dyke, the old border-wall between the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Mercia and the Romano-Celtic one of Powys, runs just over there.”
you to be right. But I think you are,” he said. He didn’t want to talk about it, but he had to at least be honest.
His voice was a whisper when he mumbled “—okay,” and he felt Sherlock draw in a breath, feeling it like a soft caress on his skin. Unfortunately, this also brought a wholly different angle of their current position to the forefront of his mind. A tremor of arousal surged through his body. The hand at the back of his neck had stilled and felt hot and heavy, pulling him in. The memory of the short, bruising kiss was still fresh, yet not nearly real enough. He slowly opened his eyes and saw Sherlock’s expression, mirroring his own. His lips were slightly parted and John was overwhelmed with the
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. She kept on surprising him. It was either very off-putting or rather intriguing, he hadn’t decided yet. There was also the worrying fact that Mary seemed somewhat
. Sherlock thought about how he must look, glancing down at his sweat-covered body, chopping wood for Christ’s sake. It was almost textbook, wasn’t it? He chuckled and locked eyes with John, who smirked back. A happy jolt went through Sherlock. He glanced at the pile of chopped wood pieces and decided he’d done enough. He was suddenly itching to see John, to speak to him, to just be in the same room if possible. Since his absence, that particular ache had become a constant, well-known companion, and it still hadn’t left him entirely. But now he was at least able to do something about it.
Sherlock awoke with a start. There was a ringing in his ears and he could have sworn he had just made an embarrassing sound in the silence of his bedroom. Except there wasn’t just silence; something had woken him up. His body was tense, remembering nights spent in shacks or hideouts, waiting for that one sound that betrayed the presence of one of Moriarty’s killers. But the sounds that drifted down through the ceiling weren’t sneaking footsteps – these came from John.
“Honestly, John,” Sherlock sniffed. “Just because I don’t indulge in sentiment doesn’t mean I don’t recognize it now and again.”
Helen considered this. “But—he, this Moriarty, he would wait, he said so! He’d wait until I was feeling complacent and happy and then one day— he’d tear it all apart,” Helen cried.
John scrolled through the spreadsheet. “Temp. Assistant to Richardson for four months while they were… ah.” He scrolled all the way to the furthest column titled ‘Notes’. “They were looking for a replacement for someone who’d left on maternity leave. It doesn’t say who.”
He raised his hands and held Sherlock’s face. “None of that,” he admonished. “But… do you want this?”
The conversation droned on, but Sherlock stared frozen at his spread sheet. Three houses in three small towns, all identical in basic real estate terms. All available for purchase at the time when Vivian Norbury would have bought herself her retirement cottage. Sherlock nearly slapped his forehead. He’d been so stupid! He had figured out as much as he could from her records and actions about what kind of a woman she was; matching the houses available to her personality was child’s play. But he’d forgotten about her age. He slowly blinked at two of the addresses on his sheet, then glanced at his map. Then he deleted them both. One house remained. This was it.
“Well, um,” Mary suddenly broke the ongoing silence and startled John back into consciousness. She glanced at them a little sheepishly. “I think I’ve had enough. Good night boys,” she said gently and wrapped the blanket a little closer to take it with her. She nodded at John and then left. Her footsteps slowly faded as she went up the stairs and along the upstairs corridor. The only sound now was Mycroft’s quiet breathing and the crackling of the remaining embers in the fireplace.
Mycroft grinned that creepy knowing smile again. “I know,” he said in that same conspiring tone of voice again. He seemed to be enjoying himself, as if he and Lestrade shared a juicy secret. He supposed they now did.
Sherlock stood by the window and watched John and Mary get in a taxi. Good, that was good. John needed to get out a little, even Sherlock saw that. His presence still bothered him, in a way Sherlock had never believed possible. He knew John had felt his loss keenly, and that didn’t just go away overnight. He used to be so easy around him, enduring all of his
The one thing to do, they’d agreed, was to solve the bloody case already, so they could all go home. John didn’t really want to think too much about the current state of his home and what came after the case, so he focussed his efforts on what he could do here and now. Unfortunately, that meant the painstaking examination of every single communications log from a certain time period five years ago. On the plus side, he didn’t have to do it alone.
“Her perfume,” Sherlock noted, vaguely aware of how strange it was that he should recognize it when her boyfriend did not.
to lean against the door. John followed, scraping his hands on the shelf behind him in an effort not to fall over completely. Finally, he settled down with his back against the shelf and his legs squeezed into the small space next to Sherlock’s.
Sherlock gave him an annoyed look, and John finally calmed down. “Okay, sorry. It’s just the way you just know…” He sighed and put on a more serious look. “Right. Sherlock, first thing: even if I was interested in… doing what you suggest, I wouldn’t take advantage of someone in a vulnerable position. And secondly, Mary and I are no longer dating. I—“ he swallowed. Then he let out a long breath, and his shoulders sagged. “I’m not sure why I didn’t say anything before. We decided to stop dating that evening in the art gallery. She’s just here as someone in need of help and we’re going to help her because she’s our friend, okay? No ulterior motives.”
They stepped into the room and the door clicked shut behind them. John breathed out, the stillness sinking around him like a blanket. The privacy of the room calmed him down. He turned around, swaying on his feet, and Sherlock steadied him.
“It’s done,” Lestrade announced. John looked up to see him waving a newspaper around before slapping it somewhat triumphantly onto the sofa table. He sat down on the sofa and leaned his elbows on his knees, looking at John. “It’s out now. Press conference yesterday, every newspaper printed it today. Have you seen it?” His face showed a mixture of satisfaction and chagrin, pity mixed with anxiety about John’s response.
As for John, he also enjoyed the exercise. It didn’t stress his dodgy leg as much as running. From time to time he would even cycle to work when he didn’t fancy taking the Tube or be stuck in traffic in a cab. Mostly, however, he enjoyed Sherlock’s company during their outings, the stories he knew about whatever part of London they passed through, or his comments about fellow cyclists or drivers. The fact that whenever John rode behind the detective he was granted a splendid view of his trim backside in those shorts had nothing to do with his new love for cycling. Nothing at all.
“Such as?” Sherlock enquired, one eyebrow cocked in challenge. John knew it for the tactic of deflection that it was. Sherlock really didn’t want to talk about his family, but he enjoyed John’s care and gentle teasing. Hoping to relieve some of his friend’s unhappy, frustrated mood, John decided to push him a little further.
Daniel deflates as he sinks back into his seat, looking altogether miserable as he pinches the bridge of his nose. Sherlock feels a brief sensation of victory, of justice being done for years of torment, before the emotion is displaced, surprisingly, by pity.
“Well, I think I did do something about it yesterday. Perhaps this was what added to Sherlock’s distress. I kinda admitted my feelings for him in a text message.”
“London money, probably,” muses Sherlock. “One of the people affected by what has been happening here since Christmas is from the city.”
John marvelled how remarkably normal and un-awkward they were being, after what should have been a monumental shift in their relationship. But perhaps, he reasoned, the monumental shifts had taken place long before when the foundations for what they had now had been laid. Physical intimacy, and now sex, were in fact no more than a further development. He wasn’t going to consider it a logical conclusion because when he thought about it, he could still imagine carrying on with Sherlock the way they had before they became lovers – lovers, wow, now this
He’s not built the way John Watson is: ruggedly handsome, well-proportioned, a bit on the short side but he makes up for that effortlessly with his charm and his smile and his blue eyes. Unlike Sherlock, whose attractiveness decreases in people’s eyes the very moment they consider him more closely. Sherlock knows that as soon as he opens his mouth, most people who might have looked beyond his unusual countenance are instantly put off by his bluntness, and by the evidence of his superior intellect which many seem to find creepy. He has learned to pretend to be sociable. He can even be charming when he needs to be, which he has found lulls people into overlooking his perceived deficiencies in appearance and character. But having someone look at him and find him beautiful, inside and outside ... well, he cannot recall having experienced that before. For a long time he convinced himself that he didn’t even want to experience it, that he was above these things, adoration, desire, demands of the body and the heart. But now … has something changed? Has
Moran glowers at him darkly. Next to Sherlock, John draws himself up and takes a step closer to his side, as if ready to defend him should Moran try anything nasty. Sherlock’s heart swells at the realisation.
“I needed it. Things didn’t improve, not much, anyway. The Toblerone lasted for two months. I ... treasured it, a reminder of the last kindness anybody had shown me.” He focused on John, smiling wryly. “How disgustingly sentimental, isn’t it?”
“Well, you don’t know my friend,” said John with a faint smile, still speaking lightly yet fixing the man with a determined gaze. “But yes, you should have given thought to other folks being around. I suggest you step away from the tarpaulin.”
in a relationship, John Watson, and have been for some time,” declares Sherlock. Some of his habitual arrogant confidence has returned to his voice. His skittish dance next to John’s bed has ceased. “No, this manual, for lack of a better description, concerns mostly the ... er ... putting up shelves part.”
“I feel the same,” he admits. “Can’t stop thinking about you, about us. What we did. I feel like I’ve fallen in love for the first time, all giddy, butterflies in my stomach. If we were allowed, I’d stop the car right here and snog you senseless.”
“Did you have a falling out? I know Holmes is a weird chap and quite ... special in his ways. But I had the impression you were getting along well yesterday. Or is it about that crap in the media?”
She laughs softly. “Oh, Mr. Holmes, it must be so comfortable, so comforting to see the world like this. Black and White. Good and Evil.”
“Has he been hurt?” she asked, not really indicating whether she was referring to Sherlock or Lenny.
They happen, and it’s by far not the first crash of this kind John has been involved in during his long career.
Once again a big thank you to all the faithful readers of this story. Your support is marvellous. A particular thanks goes again to my brilliant beta rifleman_s. This chapter is a little shorter than previous ones. The next ones will be, too, probably, until the boys reach the Pyrenees.
Sherlock made a noncommittal noise, again engrossed in his phone. Apparently there was mobile reception again and he wanted to make the most of it. John decided to leave him to it and followed Katie into the butchers shop. Since it was around lunchtime, a small queue had formed at the counter, most people apparently waiting to be served hot pies. Katie was greeted by some of them, and soon struck up a conversation about poodles versus terriers with an elderly woman. John wandered about, his stomach announcing an interest in the pies. In the end he bought two small ones and had them heated.
“It’s not the same paper,” Sherlock’s even voice interrupted his thoughts. The detective gave him a brief glance before shifting his eyes to the package again. “You were thinking of the scorched gingerbread man. Not the same envelope. This one has a much higher content of recycled fibres. Writer is female, right handed, used a ballpoint pen. Printed the letters, despite usually writing cursive. Used your full title, so no friendly acquaintance. You said Mrs Hudson told you it was from the US. How did she know without a return address or postal stamp? Must have been a private delivery.”
“I was fucking terrified,” admits John, smiling wryly. “I’ve been in pretty tense situations before, but this ... this was different. I didn’t feel as though we were in immediate danger. I just felt ... scared. Like ‘there’s a monster under my bed, mum, please leave the light on’ afraid, if you know what I mean. As if there was something I couldn’t name.” He shakes his head, runs a hand through his hair which stick up funnily because like Sherlock, he has been sweating. “Gosh, I sound like a total nutcase.”
Feeling bolstered by the relative darkness that casts John’s downturned face in shadow, Sherlock bites his lower lip. “Is that because of what we learned about the Warringtons’ situation?” Sherlock asks, with a tentativeness that almost appals him as it feels so alien and unlike him.
John remembered the conversation, but more vividly he recalled the image of his flatmate stretched out on the couch wearing black cycling shorts and a tight blue and black jersey, his long (shaved) legs dangling over the arm of the sofa, the garments clinging to his lean frame and leaving very little to the imagination. The view had done funny things to John's stomach, things he didn’t want to contemplate too deeply.
John breathed the fresh, resin-scented air deeply as he rode up next to Sherlock. Ahead lay a straight bit of road, the next sharp bend only just in sight. Because no car could be heard approaching they were able to ride side by side for a short while.
Sherlock blushes slightly. He’s not the most attentive of hosts. “There should be tea in one of the cupboards. I don’t have any fresh milk, obviously. If you’re lucky, some powdered milk still lives in the tin next to the tea.”
Sherlock tells him what Brenda whispered to him confidentially. “Don’t spread it about, Lestrade. In the end, even though she did steal from the archives, it was done in good faith and probably prevented Brook or even Moran from laying their hands on that message. Connolly and Wilson shouldn’t be vilified for their actions, but commended. In fact, that’s what I’m going to attempt when Molly, John and I meet the Prime Minister tomorrow.”
Sherlock gazes at him in surprise, and Molly, too, looks from one to the other with a shrewd expression. Inclining his head, Sherlock takes John up on his offer. Drawing up a chair, he sits down and reaches for John’s cup. His tea tastes like Sherlock expected, strong, with quite a lot of what passes for milk in this establishment. No sugar. “Thank you,” he says after a long draught, returning the cup to its saucer with a
“If you don’t count the chicken for tomorrow’s dinner, that’s correct,” said Peter dryly. “I’ll see to the children,” he then informed his wife, who nodded and switched on the kettle. “Tea, coffee? Hot chocolate?”
Sherlock sits down as well. “His trial was a long-winded affair. I wasn’t involved much, apart from giving my statement in court on two occasions. Irene Adler played a much larger role in achieving his conviction for treason and fraternising with the enemy in the end. He did manage to avoid execution, however, by agreeing to assist the prosecution with revealing information about his circle of friends. It turned out that he is not the only Nazi sympathiser in English high society. The conspiracy was like a spider’s web, with threads reaching into landed gentry, politics, the military and several branches of industry – the latter trying to prolong the war to better profit from it. There will be more trials in the future, but you’d better believe that not everybody guilty will ever see a jury. Too many important people are involved. Moran, too, managed to keep his head out of the noose. He has been rotting in prison these past two years, having been made something of a scapegoat. Not that I or anybody else pity him. He deserves every bit of the misery he is in now.”
“What do you mean?” he therefore asks, his voice rough, feeling a little stupid but for some strange reason not minding it for a change, not with John so radiant next to him.
Sherlock shrugged. “Nothing worse than usual. Some of the magnets and papers fell off in the explosion.”
“Will you be needing an ambulance?” Lestrade wants to know. John shakes his head. “I think we’ll manage. I’ll let you know.”
John studies him, then the corner of his mouth quirks up in a smile. He doesn’t seem surprised, or think Sherlock ‘unmanly’ or some such rubbish because he doesn’t engage in the favourite pastime of many. “Thought you’d say that.” He turns to the window.
John gives him a lop-sided smile. He reaches out and runs his hand down Sherlock’s arm in what might have supposed to be a manly, friendly shoulder clap, but turns into another gesture entirely. Sherlock feels goosebumps rise in the wake of the hand. “Thank you for the dance, Sherlock,” says John. There is a graveness in his eyes that seems at odds with his smiling mouth.
Suddenly, Sherlock feels a slight lump in his throat. Where has this come from? It’s not shameful to admit his lack of experience, is it? It shouldn’t be, in any case. And yet ...
“On New Year’s Eve, Remington and his fiancée were heard having a quarrel in the garden, loud enough to disturb the neighbours, who reported that both seemed inebriated. About two hours after midnight, when the neighbours returned from a walk up to the church and back, they found Remington and Gruffudd on their own doorstep, muddy and dirty as if they’d been dragged through their garden and bound together with strings of fairy-lights. They were slightly hypothermic but otherwise unharmed, but both of them completely out of it, babbling incoherently.”
“Sherlock, heads up, mate,” Lestrade calls to him. “Let John look after you. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Can you recall if anything has been altered since you were in here this morning to check on Jenny?”
John shook his head, still slightly out of breath. “No, it wasn’t. Must have been the most romantic thing you’ve said to me. I mean, you’re willing to share your lifetime membership of the National Trust with me. It doesn’t get more romantic than that, does it?”
“Would have surprised me if not. Would you like to take skin samples, too, and perhaps lick it to see if the scar tissue tastes different from the rest of me?”
, which, surprisingly, was not met with a blank stare or eye-roll, Sherlock’s usual reaction to references to popular culture, but with a faint, knowing smirk.
“Yes,” muses John, looking at the newspaper photograph again. “The glance Leander is giving Goebbels is anything but friendly. She regards him like something unpleasant that has crept from out from under a rock.”
“Perhaps. I haven’t decided yet. But I thought ... well, I’m approaching forty now, and I still haven’t given up on perhaps raising a child – adoption rather than having one myself. A dog or two would be nice, too, and ... you know, settle down somewhere, not be away from home all the time patching up some silly cyclists. And even though I love this team and life on the road, I think I’m ready for something else. What about you? Anybody you’re involved with right now?”
“And someone confirming it to him at regular intervals,” returned Greg slyly. “Don’t play down your part in this, John. I’ve known him longer than you, known him before he met you. He was an arsehole most of the time. No other way of putting it, really. Brilliant, yes, but also an arrogant, foul-mouthed fucker. He’d lash out at anybody, even when they tried to be friendly. So most people stopped after the first encounter and got defensive or insulting in turn. You should have heard him when I invited him to an outing like this. Must have been my forty-fifth birthday. I honestly thought he could do with a bit of company, but he made it very clear he didn’t. On the contrary, he thanked me by deducing my private life right in front of my fellow officers. I was this close to locking him up for a night. Often made me wonder what had happened to him in the past to make him that insufferable. Can’t imagine he had a lot of friends at school or uni. Kids don’t take kindly to people who are … different, special. And his arrogance certainly didn’t help things. He must have been terribly lonely but too proud and socially awkward to do anything about it. I both pitied him and wanted to give him a good rap round the ears. And look at him now.”
With about four kilometres to go and the pass and the last steep incline already in sight, they paused again. Actually the stop had been unplanned. John had halted repeatedly to take photographs. Every bend of the road and every outcrop of rock offered new, stunning views of the valley of the Valloirette and the surrounding mountains. He also took a few shots of Sherlock as he struggled on ahead, a tiny, blue-black figure against the majestic mountainscape. John wasn’t sure what effect the landscape had on his companion, but he felt extremely humbled, overwhelmed in a respectful, awed sense. Even though the landscape, like the deserts of Afghanistan and indeed the dark backstreets of London was potentially dangerous, right now, in bright sunshine with a few clouds casting shadows over the rocky hillsides, green turfs, and remainders of snow in some crevices and hidden corners, it did not seem very threatening but rather awe-inspiring. And gazing over the road winding like a grey serpent up the mountains and knowing how much of that road they had already climbed by the strength of their own two legs, he felt a considerable measure of pride.
John was already packing both their laptops and their passports. He handed Sherlock his phone, which he must have dug out of the remains of the desk, judging by the state of it. His hand lingered a moment to exchange a quiet “are you okay?
Sherlock pulled out two torches from his pocket and handed one to John. “Cornwall,” he simply said, his voice a low whisper, too. “Close to the coast, actually. Norbury’s cottage is just through there. Come on.” He gestured to the trees.
Sherlock heaved his body over to his front, but before he could position himself, Moran had picked him up by his coat collar and pulled him upright. “Bunch of whiny faggots,” he mumbled.
Sherlock looked a bit sheepish. “Well. You’ve been injured, you need to eat,” he said. “And I do happen to eat on occasion.” A small smile tugged at his lips.
“We each carry these,” she said, pulling out a large USB stick. The letters A.G.R.A. were written on it in black pen. “They have our whole identities on them. This was our deal. If one of us betrayed the others, the stick would contain enough material that would be devastating if it got into the wrong hands.”
Sherlock glanced back at the van; both wheels on this side had been shot, so Mary would be… “Other side of the house. Quickly,” he didn’t wait for John to respond, he just ran and pushed him along. There was too much open ground and every second counted. In the stillness of the fog, he heard footsteps following them.
“I could ask Mycroft if he can transfer you back to London,” Sherlock offered. “I’m sure taking out a major threat to national security should help with cashing in favours.”
One eyebrow was raised delicately in his direction. John indulged a moment, looking into Sherlock’s eyes. He didn’t quite know how to phrase what he wanted to get across. Finally, he settled on, “be nice to him?” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
If John had thought that everything would just magically dissolve into perfection, he’d have been wrong. As it were, he didn’t think that at all. The cab ride home was quiet, except for a calm discussion of the case and where they stood with Moriaty still on the loose. Sherlock, who had done nothing but surprise John in the last forty-eight hours, surprised him once more.
John glanced at him, but he looked away again. “Well, yes, they do; but somehow… I don’t know why, but she doesn’t seem like the kind of person who would do that.”
Time slowed down to a crawl. John heard another couple of shots go off as the snipers around them reacted. There was a piercing sting and then pain spread outwards from his shoulder. He grunted and clenched his teeth.
But then Father said, “we had this nice offer down in Beauworth, but it was miles away from anybody. No shops, no post office, no neighbours, really—“
Finally, he began to talk. He told Sherlock haltingly what he did after the Fall. All the little things that led to the quiet funeral. How he had tried to talk to Mycroft afterwards; but the other Holmes had just left – which of course made John furious for days. He also told Sherlock in a few words about some of the cases he had worked on, and even though they were boring and obvious, Sherlock seemed pleased to hear about them. John didn’t mention how he got himself hurt or why he stopped with the cases, but told him the truth in that the detective work just wasn’t the same without him. Sherlock, he had to assume, could deduce the rest.
The two elderly dames seated next to him tried to pry him with questions but Sherlock deflected them with ease before they got to friendly. There was only so far he’d go for this case. After a while, he made the excuse of finding the toilets to get away from them, exchanging a brief nod with John.
Suddenly, he felt the hair on the back of his neck rise, and out of the corner of his eye he spotted his mother, watching him from the doorway with a very soft expression on her face. Father looked up as well, shared a glance with Mummy and smiled. He got up, grabbed his mug and they left the kitchen together, very obviously trying not to be in the way. Bless his parents, but Sherlock wished they hadn’t done that. Suddenly, he was faced with John by himself again, and he wasn’t sure how much more emotional upheaval he could take on just one coffee.
, probably in plain sight. Perhaps disguised? It was obvious that they had substantial outside help, as he feared. He quickly decided that another chat with Miss Morstan might be in order. Perhaps she hadn’t told them everything she knew.
They were quiet for a little while as they swayed to the music. Then Sherlock took a breath and stated the obvious for once. "You didn't used to be like this." Obvious or not, perhaps it was good that one of them finally said something about that.
. “Thing is, Greg,” he began, then had to clear his throat again. He was beginning to feel his voice choking, his breath trapped painfully in his chest for a moment. “I knew who he was all along. He thought I doubted him, at the end. But I never—“ He had to stop as his voice deserted him, his throat seizing up.
“So. Seeing as you’ve come explicitly to alleviate my boredom, let’s get to it,” he drawled. Lestrade grinned and slid the folder over.
Sherlock looked at him. That was... entirely unnecessary, intrusive and sentimental and... “Thanks,” he managed.
Moriarty’s words still rang through his mind. Yes, John had shown his hand. He was perhaps – all right, almost certainly – not as clever and brilliant as Sherlock, but he
He laughed. “No, I know. Anyone who can elude Mycroft Holmes for several days is a magician in my books.”
Sherlock stopped, his mouth hovering over John’s mouth, his eyes glazed over feverishly. John had no idea what he could say. All he knew was that he wanted this man way too much, too quickly, and he couldn’t process it at all.
“Yes?” Sherlock looked vaguely intrigued. He loosely wrapped his arms around John in return and John felt warmth spread through him.
“Makes sense, I guess,” John allowed. He noticed that Sherlock hadn’t even bothered to hide the fact that she’d been the target. “So… do you think that, whatever it is, she can handle it? Or do you need to tell me what’s going on so we can go after her?”
Sherlock chuckled a bit, and John felt the vibration of his chest behind his back. The hair on the nape of his neck stood on end.
at Sherlock. His damp shirt clung to him, his curls were matted and tousled, and there was an expression on his face… John felt his heart speed up and his cheeks getting warm. He saw Sherlock’s eyes widen, no doubt detecting every minor detail of his physical reaction. Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed heavily. His pupils darkened with undisguised desire. It was a sight John never would have dreamed he would get to see. Only now did he realize how much he craved it. His skin tingled as he silently vowed to make Sherlock look at him like that again and again until he believed it.
When Mary’s arm was competently patched up, her tea was half-drunk, Sherlock’s was empty, and John hadn’t touched his. John breathed out slowly through his nose. He took a sip of his now lukewarm tea, then looked at Sherlock. Then he looked away again.
Sherlock awoke with a jerk. He found himself lying on the table with his arms folded, a pain stabbing annoyingly into his neck.
John turned and saw him standing in the door, watching him again. The hair on the back of his neck stood up. “Why?”
They heard footsteps. John cursed himself for leaving Moran’s gun where it was. Through the seats, he locked eyes with Sherlock in the front. The helicopter noise was growing louder. “It’s over, Vivian,” Sherlock called against the din.
“She’s being seen to. Nothing major,” the man nodded at Sherlock. “She was on the other side of the building, it seems.”
“Uh. I suppose,” John said giving Sherlock a slightly incredulous look. “We’re talking about Mary now?”
As soon as the head and torso of a man appeared next to him, John pounced on him. He grabbed the dark-clad figure by the shoulders, ripping him off balance. The man released a surprised cry when John slammed him into the opposite wall, trying to restrain his arms. Out of the corner of his eye, John saw a second figure appear. Mary expertly stepped into his legs from behind, twisting just the right way to make the larger man stumble and fall to the ground. John was momentarily so distracted by her display that he didn’t see the punch coming in time.
John gave him a fondly exasperated look, and Sherlock got the feeling he might have just said the same thing.
“Uh, no, I don’t…” Freddy hesitated. “Actually, she did seem rather pleased about something. I didn’t mention it, and she didn’t tell me anything, but she seemed excited or happy, like… like…”
“So at least you’re not dating me for the inside scoop, then,” he said finally, finishing his whiskey. Mary chuckled a bit wrily, and that made John chuckle, too. He had thought she might never want to see him again, now that he had revealed some of his baggage, but she reacted really well.
. Lust, desire and intimacy weren’t exactly his area but for crying out loud, he knew a thing or two, right? Theoretically? It was all just simple chemistry, really. He flung himself onto his back again. “Don’t be ridiculous,” he huffed, his breath still heaving as he tried to calm himself.
“Sir!” A handful of men and women in military garb darted around them, helping Mycroft up and checking the windows and exits.
They managed to get into Thames House without trouble, their names having correctly been added to the guest list. Past the large stony gates of the huge building, they entered a fancy foyer filled with bar tables. The entrance hall of the headquarters had been transformed into a reception area, and waiters were mingling between the small groups, handing out drinks. Everything was decked out in tasteful Christmas decorations, with golden and silver candle holders and the occasional holly twig. In the background, faint classical Christmas music was playing.
Sherlock walked over to the couch and sat down next to it on the floor. He placed one arm gently over John, his palm on his chest, feeling his steady heartbeat. He watched John’s eyelids flutter a little, but he didn’t wake up. Almost without noticing, he began counting the beats under his hand, whilst memories and scenarios flitted at lightning speed through his brain, putting it all together.
He made his way upstairs quickly and put on some comfortable clothes. The feeling of dry fabric on his skin felt soothing and reassuring, and he felt calmer than he had all evening. He was incredibly weary, what with the case, almost drowning, the late hour and the bone-shattering release from under the shower to finish him off. He stared longingly at his bed, but that wouldn’t do today. He needed to be around Sherlock, if just to be sure he was still there and the whole shower scene hadn’t just been a figment of his imagination.
are,” Mary emphasised, stepping further around the table. John couldn’t see her gun anymore and it made all of his danger senses tingle. He slowly reached for his pocket, only to find it empty. His eyes flitted to Sherlock. Of course, the bloody git was holding John’s gun concealed behind his back.
. But he didn’t seem like he regretted it. Rather the opposite, thankfully. Just thinking about the few kisses John could coherently remember made him feel warm and happy. He couldn’t wait to repeat that entire night with zero alcohol in him and all his faculties focussed on Sherlock.
Suddenly, he saw something out of the corner of his eye and looked up. Sherlock was standing in a doorway down the hall, still clad in his coat – clearly he didn’t appreciate being parted from it – and looked at him silently. There was something in his eyes that made John’s heart constrict. For some reason, he knew it was something different from what happened on the landing. Something buried. He couldn’t help himself, though. He stood up and smiled at Sherlock. Even after all the confusion in his head, it was simply good to be on a case with him again. The dog continued to bounce around him as he made his way into the living room. Sherlock retreated to the sofa and merely greeted him with a thoughtful “John,” when he came in.
Sherlock nodded. “I see.” Several thoughts presented themselves to him now, one of which he sought to confirm. “So… did Sarah inform you beforehand that a relationship with her was tied to her knowledge of any shootings you may be involved in?”
Sherlock, personally, was of the opinion that nobody wore his heart less on his sleeve than him. He made a point of being rude and unreadable, after all. “No need to insult me, Detective Inspector,” he grumbled.
Sherlock carefully avoided the gravel path as long as possible, then approached the front door quietly. John placed his feet as if they were walking through a minefield, acutely aware of the crunching noise the fine gravel would make under too heavy steps. Every sliding pebble suddenly sounded like thunder in the stillness of the night.
She inquired after his head and they had a brief, somewhat professional chat about the state of the concussion; she also checked the marks of choking on his neck and announced that he was going to be all right.
Occasionally, Mycroft had observed and acted unseen in the background if it was necessary, hoping to spare John some unpleasantness. He never let him know he was involved, but sometimes, John would stand by the window of 221B and stare out, directly at the camera in the building opposite, looking like he knew. The resignation on his face had been hard to bear, even for someone as composed as Mycroft.
They strolled through a few more rooms. After a while, however, John said that all of the paintings simply blurred together, and he felt a headache building up again. He asked Mary to wait for him and she sat on a bench in one of the less crowded rooms whilst he went in search of the restrooms. When he was done, he washed his hands and looked at his face in the mirror. He was still quite a mess; he looked tired and a bit gaunter than was healthy. Perhaps he should have stayed in bed. All the same, he was glad to get out from under Sherlock’s feet for a bit. He simply didn’t know how to act around him anymore, and Sherlock being so watchful wasn’t helping.
A moment of silence elapsed, broken only by the sound of John’s steps as he slowly came down the stairs and joined them. He was dressed in jeans and a shirt now, but still looked every bit like someone rudely awakened not too long ago. “Morning,” he said carefully, looking between them as if he’d entered a war council. Perhaps that was an accurate image.
“You wouldn’t just be looking for personal details to spruce up the blog, now, would you?” His eyes twinkled.
Sherlock raised his arm lazily towards the street in front of Scotland Yard and got into the first taxi that materialized at the curb. He told the driver to wait a moment so that John could catch up. Sherlock scooted through to the next seat and watched as John almost ran down the steps. He quirked a smile. He felt curiously weightless again. Happy. He’d enjoyed watching John deduce. And the look of satisfaction on his face was definitely worth foregoing the bragging on his part this time.
“Don’t have to pretend much, then,” John mumbled under his breath and Sherlock gave him a quick smile. He’d counted on that reaction, and it worked; John immediately assumed a straighter posture and held himself with that kind of quiet dignity Sherlock found so fascinating. He straightened as well and left his hand hovering over John’s back, feeling suddenly smug – surely nobody else here had such a dashing and loyal companion by his side. It was humbling that John had stayed with him after the ordeal of his Fall. He didn’t really know how to put that in words, but it was true and made his head go haywire when he thought too much about it.
He was standing protectively next to Sherlock, but not as close as he usually would have. He kept glancing everywhere but Sherlock, and when he had to answer questions posed to him, he was replying in a somewhat distracted manner. Mycroft stood up and walked closer to the TV now. A reporter turned to John again, asking the completely inane question how it
Greg took a breath. “With you. There was something in your statement you... omitted this morning. Something irrelevant to the case, but I noticed you editing the story while you told it to me.”
“Oh,” John faltered a little. “Well. He keeps an eye out for me, really.” He looked away as their hands dropped. Richard merely hummed his agreement and left it at that.
"But this is terrible! I can't concentrate, this is melting my brain cells! How do normal people cope?!"
“I finally found a trail of clues,” Sherlock continued as he sipped his tea. “A code word kept creeping up throughout certain files and authorization orders.
“You lied to me once like this.” His voice was hard, now, nearly breaking. “You made me believe you were cold and uncaring and that you loved nothing and nobody in the world. I know better now, Sherlock. I won’t fall for it again. So you can stuff your excuses—“ John realised he was gripping Sherlock’s arms and had walked him towards the bookshelf. He took a deep breath and let go. He turned and walked a few paces, then rested his hands on the back of an armchair. A deep sigh heaved through him.
dull about John was suddenly making his brain spin and his heart ache with annoying demands of closeness.
It was New Year’s Eve and Mycroft was actually enjoying himself. He had been surprised (pleasantly so) at John’s sudden invitation, and knowing that it would annoy Sherlock he of course had to come. There was only a small crowd at Baker Street, but it filled the tiny sitting room almost completely.
John swallowed. It felt a bit discouraging to hear that, but all the same, he continued. “Well… you are actually a good dancer and …” John searched for the right words. “Well, if you ever want to do that again, I promise I’ll shut up,” he quipped.
at John certainly seemed incredibly useless in terms of starting a sexual relationship; and the cloying warmth that spread through his chest moments earlier certainly wasn't arousal.
Sherlock felt John next to him let out a breath of relief. He felt his own shoulders sag and a slight tremor overtake his hands.
Mary lay back and made a face. “God, I hope I won’t have to stay much longer, I’m bored to tears already.”
They found Sherlock pacing in front of a small library. Through the open door, they saw what had to be Mrs Blanchard sitting erect on a sofa, staring into space. Sherlock gave John a look that said
that you were real and—God, for the past few months I’ve not thought about anything as much as this.” He fixed Sherlock with a glare, willing him to understand. “I knew you would never kill yourself over something so stupid like your reputation – so why the hell
Everything was suddenly so much more complicated than before. He couldn’t pinpoint the exact moment when things had changed, but… if he was honest with himself, it must have started before the Fall. But that was just him. Right? Sherlock was sure that John… well, John felt things for him. Strongly. But
”. She must have been aware about some of the scrapes Sherlock had gotten himself into. John wasn’t sure he wanted to know. Despite the numerous attempts on their lives, they were still here, spending the evening with tedious fact-checking. Somehow, even the most boring task suddenly seemed enjoyable, as long as they were together.
John shook his head sadly. “He doesn’t know that. And I mean, he was unhappy before. You usually deduce everything about everyone; didn’t you see what kind of a man he was? I met quite a few unhappy ones like him in the army. He wanted to
Sherlock’s eyes darted to John’s hands, and John saw his eyes crinkle into a somewhat tired, fond smile. Then he reached out and took John’s hand, interlacing their fingers. John gave them a squeeze, and felt one in return. He smiled and nodded, then watched in the semi-darkness as Sherlock sat up to take off his shirt and trousers whilst John slipped under the covers.
So Sherlock did not text Mycroft and ask for another lift, but just called a taxi, despite the exposure. The car crawled through the London traffic and John remained staring out of the window in thought most of the time. However, when the taxi got closer to 221B Baker Street, John was startled out of his reverie when he saw that there were people in front of their house. Quite a lot of them, in fact. They were reporters, from the looks of them, accompanied by the odd camera and photographer.
“I don’t know. I guess I’ve just been taking notice of people. You know, remembering how someone walks or dresses or how they behave in specific moments. Unimportant stuff,” he added and looked around at the people milling in front of the paintings.
“What are you up to?” John asked and leaned over Sherlock’s shoulder to look at the screens. Sherlock stiffened, and John immediately scolded himself. He had to really keep himself in check a bit more, or he would end up making Sherlock constantly uncomfortable. He retreated a little.
It was late, and John was getting drunk. Neither he, nor Lestrade, nor Sherlock, surprisingly, were pushovers; but Greg had apparently made it his mission to get everyone absolutely hammered tonight.
She was an accomplished actress. But he found he liked her better when she was like this, more herself, new laugh and all. Perhaps, if she’d simply been who she really was, things might have worked out between them. But he knew her now, and felt only a growing friendship towards her. That was nice, but it was nothing compared to the torture he now endured every time Sherlock glanced his way.
John was stuffing his assorted clothes and some of the things Mycroft had thankfully delivered to them from Baker Street into his bag when there was a knock on the door. He turned and saw Mary, holding out a cup of tea.
Another voice rang out, metallic and loud through the deafening noise. “Lower the gun, Mrs Norbury, and step away from the car.”
“I will. Oh, and John,” Mycroft added. “It might be an idea to alert Sherlock to the changes in your personal life. He is your friend, is he not? Have a good day.”
John finally relaxed and slowly let out a breath. He manoeuvred his arm around Sherlock and gently wrapped it around his shoulder, pulling him a little closer. John heard a faint content sigh from the area of his shoulder and smiled. This was good. This was fine. They were both alive. And the sudden lightness John was feeling and the amazing man currently wrapped around him made him think, for the first time, that things were perhaps better than fine. They were rather brilliant, really.
Sherlock suddenly twisted out of his grasp and took a step away. He ran his hand down his neck, the nervous energy that had filled him all day overflowing. “It’s got nothing to do with honesty, don’t be so melodramatic,” he pressed out. “It’s
Sherlock sighed as John floundered. Of course he’d have no patience for unnecessary awkwardness. His hand slid down to the small of Johns back and with a short but firm pull he snapped their hips together. John gasped a quiet "
The day after the attack on John and Mary, Mycroft was in his club. It was the early evening and Anthea had just brought him a whisky sour with a few evening papers and a stack of documents. More work regarding Sherlock’s return. Somebody must have been watching Baker Street, because there was already a rumour going round about Sherlock – he even had his own bloody Twitter hashtag. Mycroft had texted John about this, to make sure he was in the loop and that he might be stopped by journalists when he left the flat. He had also told Sherlock to stay inside until he had paved the way for a public statement. Not that Sherlock would ever heed that if there was something he considered worth leaving the flat for. Mycroft sighed. As ever, managing Sherlock seemed to be one of his prime occupations.
"John. There’s an experiment I need to do before we … pass out," Sherlock drawled, his voice impossibly low and almost growling. He was so close now that John felt his chest vibrate when he spoke.
to enjoy the activity at the time. Then again, Sherlock had to concede that he had been rather preoccupied
, he mused as he carefully flexed his fingers on a stretch where it felt safe to release the brakes for a moment. They were hurting from the cold and from the constant strain of braking.
“That’s a lie,” says Sherlock, who so far has been studying Victor keenly, his expression closed-off and thoughtful.
She gives Sherlock a pointed look. “Mrs. Hudson, you said yourself you thought he was weird and somewhat unpleasant because he insisted on bathing every day and yet left pomade stains on his pillows,” Sherlock defends his actions. “I do recall you commending me for getting rid of him. You said you were glad he was gone.”
Some pieces are fast, better suited to dancing than sitting down and listening. Sherlock’s good leg twitches, he thinks of dancing in the moonlight amidst the apple-trees. He wonders if John remembers their dance as well. To his chagrin, John seems distracted. The fast swing-based songs are accompanied by the dancing Windmill girls, their costumes fitting the themes of the songs, but all in all rather skimpy, their legs and arms bare and their chests hardly covered. John looks as if he is enjoying the view. Sherlock glowers at him.
John nods thoughtfully. “But couldn’t you just do what they did, Smith and Magnussen and the rest, and tell fairy-tales to the press?” he wants to know after a while. “They’d lap it up, surely, like they did when this shit was spread about you. You wouldn’t have to concern yourself with the truth to damage their reputation, would you?”
thinks John. But it isn’t. The warmth of Sherlock’s body is comfortable, his smell is already familiar, as is the pattern of his breathing and the small sounds he makes when he shifts to get comfortable. Next to John, Sherlock relaxes gradually, his tense form slowly melting into the mattress. John smiles slightly to himself, remembering that to Sherlock, sharing a bed is even more unfamiliar and potentially frightening than for him. It’s intimate how they are lying now, but not in a sexual way. It’s ... nice. Good. It’s actually rather brilliant. Warmth pools in John’s chest. He smiles.
“Oh my God,” giggled John, biting into his hand to stifle his laughter, a picture of their landlady dancing half naked adorned with veils and a fancy headdress, Mata Hari style, flashing through his mind’s. “Did you actually see her like this, live on stage, I mean?”
“I didn’t know how to deal with it, him being ... the way he is, and a teammate and everything,” he says without looking at John.
“Could be quads, too, in this terrain,” mused John, donning his jacket despite it still being slightly damp.
The next morning, John wakes and finds himself alone in bed. It’s still early, only a little past seven, but already quite warm. Birdsong issues through the open window. Sherlock’s spot in their bed is still warm, he can’t have been gone for long. Presently, John hears the toilet flush in the ensuite. Sherlock steps out, drying his hands on his t-shirt. John smiles at him.
“This is your 16th Tour de France, right? Tell us what in your opinion has changed since you started out.”
Sherlock nods to himself. It may have simply been part of her performance, but what he has learned about Irene Adler and her relationships from the evidence they have gathered so far seems to point towards her entertaining dalliances with men as well as women. And why not? John is attracted to both genders as well. The question is whether for The Woman, dating males as well as females is simply work, or whether she is actually attracted to both. Does she lean towards one gender more than the other? Is she personally involved at all, or is it just opportunism or even political agenda? Sherlock vows to find out.
“But when you learned of my return, you felt you had been given a second chance. By that time your divorce had been finalised, you were free, and perhaps feeling humbled and a little nostalgic. Sentimental, even. You increased your endeavours to communicate with Mycroft, you met with mother again to find that she didn’t resent you as much as you’d feared. The most difficult matter, the reconciliation with your wayward second-born, you left for last. Still, you felt that the clock was ticking. You were running out of time, you believed.”
On the last full day of his stay, Ellie releases him early so that he can spend as much time as possible with Jan. His friend seems to feel that something is going on, because he nods at Sherlock’s glum face when they are seated in the shady sanctuary of their little forest hut eating the fruit.
Sherlock’s ears turned red, which was answer enough. “Would you like that?” he asked quietly, almost shyly.
Sherlock nodded, finally finishing his soup which he had somewhat neglected during his account. “She was at Cambridge roughly the same time as I and we shared some lectures on forensic archaeology. Also, at some point a ... friend of mine was interested in her romantically (well, or at least sexually) but she turned him down.”
“Haha, he won’t even know what wanking is,” puts in Tom, who clearly has experience that way, with the stash of his father’s old magazines hidden under a bit of loose carpet in his room. Sherlock decides not to point that out. His situation is bad enough. Therefore, he doesn’t mention the gum in the Adidas trainers, either.
“Nonsense. You’d have spilled most of the drinks, the way you hobble about. We should have got you some crutches, or at least a walking stick.”
“I know where this was taken,” the detective’s baritone invaded John’s thoughts. “Only one possible location, and it would make sense in combination with the rest of the message.”
Sherlock takes a sip of his tea – just the right amount of milk, the way he likes it. His stomach lurches slightly.
“Lovely,” she commented. “But do move closer together, boys, or you’ll cover the sign. Yeah, that’s it. Little closer still. Splendid. Oh, and look here, into the camera. Oi, over here. You can flirt later.”
It’s brief, almost unnoticeable. But Sherlock catches the second John’s eyes stray to him during his words. The glance hits him right in the chest. Does John mean what Sherlock thinks his words implied: that despite loving Mary and his daughter, he has fallen in love with someone else? With Sherlock, of all people? Is this true? Is it wishful thinking? He can’t be sure, and he curses this fact.
The end up teasing and tickling each another which soon morphs into slow but intense kissing until John feel exhaustion finally catch up with him. He falls asleep to the steady beat of Sherlock’s heart right beneath his ear.
“I couldn’t recognise faces. They’re too far away, even with the telephoto lens. But one of them is tall and blond, and the other small and dark-haired. Correct?
“Everybody apart from Moriarty is on the road now,” explains Dimmock. “Sherlock’s approaching the first split time. It’s a shame that he and the other GC favourites have to cope with this awful weather. We’ve been lucky.”
John laughed. “Well, the Camden kids weren’t so sure, either. Remember how one of them almost shot his own foot? Still, those other guys
John has barely sat down and begun an account of a curious case of poisoning he encountered at work when the doorbell rings. Tiffany heaves a big sigh. “I don’t want to leave already,” she complains when Sherlock rises from the sofa to go and open the front door, crossing her arms in front of her. “Tell daddy I want to stay here.”
Katie, surprised by this sudden, sharp address, lowered her spoon into her muesli bowl. “The odd colic occurred, and I know that they put two of the previous bunch of racehorses in quarantine for a while when they newly arrived because there had been a suspicion they might have contracted equine influenza at their previous stables. They hadn’t, though. Oh, and one of their Shetties is allergic to hay, but that’s a chronic condition. Nothing out of the ordinary, on the whole. You’d regularly find these and similar ailments at virtually any place that stables a considerable number of animals.”
“Everything is possible at these altitudes. Some years ago, they had to shorten a stage of the Tour because there was snow on the pass, in mid-July. And during this year's Giro d'Italia they also had snow.”
John happily sinks into his seat on the coach after Mike wipes him down and provides him with food and drink. He is parched and exhausted again, but not as badly as the previous day. Throughout the stage, he mostly rolled along. For some reason, he wasn’t required to play
Sheep have been here recently, though. He sees their droppings on the grass, and here and there a hoof-print on a muddy patch. Also, their smell lingers, adding a welcome shred of familiarity. Sherlock is nervous. With the fog this dense, what are the chances that Jan will be here today? The weather is very uncomfortable. Nobody in their right mind is going to spend more time outside than they strictly have to. And where are the sheep, anyway? With their thick, fatty coats, neither cold nor humidity should be troubling them.
