John sighed a sigh of relief before smiling widely and nodding his head. "Of course, Sherlock. It would be my pleasure." Sherlock blushed at his words, glancing down at his feet, then back up as John cleared his throat and continued. "We, um, we could go to Angelo's tonight? I have rugby practice today but only for a little while, so I'll be done by 4. We could meet there at 5? If you're free?"
Sherlock eventually moved his head from its position in the crook of John's neck and crashed their lips together, both of them sobbing at the sensation they'd both been desperate to remember.
"I could." John's voice broke the silence. "I could... I do. I love him." Sherlock's head shot up and his posture straightened at John's words. "And Sally, you are awful. You disgust me. I can't even fathom why you hate Sherlock so much. He is absolutely brilliant." John risked a quick glance at Sherlock, then averted his furious gaze to Sally, "I believe," he had an almost murderous smile on his face, "I believe that if there is anyone here that doesn't deserve love, have love, or is capable of love, it's you."
John giggled before pressing their lips together again quickly. He groaned as Sherlock stood back up, pulling him along with him. They got dressed, not bothering to change in different rooms, considering last night's events, it wasn't exactly necessary. They flashed each other mischievous grins that silently screamed, 'Go ahead and get dressed, I'm gonna tear that off of you when we get back here anyway.' They made their way into the kitchen where the older man fixed them both a full English breakfast.
John dove under the covers, slicking up his left hand and placing it against Sherlock's entrance, simultaneously pressing his lips to Sherlock's thighs, abdomen, and eventually his cock. Sherlock couldn't decide whether he should plead for more or just come right then and there as John's left-hand index finger circled around Sherlock's entrance. John must've realized Sherlock's position because with a final lick, he withdrew his mouth from around his cock and focused solely on the task at (left) hand, which was to prepare him.
“A BEAR, JOHN? A BEAR. WE WENT ALL THIS WAY FOR A DAMN BEAR. 3 PEOPLE DEAD. FROM A BEAR. HOW DULL IS THIS, JOHN?” Sherlock complained as he entered the passenger’s seat of the car they borrowed from Mycroft.
Sherlock hadn't said a word as Donovan kept ripping him apart, layer by layer. The disgusting woman had a smug look on her face, and a faint smile, as she saw the damage she had just done to Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled at her response, "Very satisfactory, indeed. You can colour in your bee book for a few minutes while I get ready, yes?"
"Oh, John. It's alright. I would never leave you. Ever." John grunted as if he didn't believe him. How could he not believe him? "John, look at me," Sherlock demanded, using the hand wrapped around John's neck to lift his face. "I will never,
Tears began to sting John’s eyes as he watched the scene go on. Look at them. He thought, look at them together. He didn’t think twice, he didn’t hesitate to pick her up and make her better. He loves her. I love him. I love them both so much. How could I have not seen this sooner? He’s the one. He’s always been the one. And he’s finally mine. We’re gonna get married.
Sherlock quickly removed the kettle from its place on the burner and turned back to John, watching as Rosie looked up and shouted, "Happy birthday, Papa!" She ran to him and embraced her father and he kissed her curly hair.
“Ours.” He repeated it to himself, as if to reassure himself that it was really true. “I love you, too, John. So much. You saved me. I wouldn’t be here, much less alive, if it weren’t for you. You make my life worth living,” he glanced back at where their beautiful little girl slept in her bumble bee crib, “and now, so does Rosie. I still can’t believe you’d choose me. I’m nothing, nothing of importance. Or at the very least, I didn’t used to be. You make me feel loved, I feel like I matter to you and Rosie. I feel like I belong here, with you, and with her. You gave me a purpose, a real purpose for life. And I am eternally grateful for that. You’re my everything. My entire world. Remember when I told you I had learned the solar system for you?”
The detective slid down, placing soft, close mouthed kisses down John’s torso as he dropped to his knees and was met with a very happy sight. He smiled to himself before continuing to kiss John’s thighs, moving towards the thing he knew was begging for attention.
“Yes, out. We will head to the crime scene soon. Bye.” Sherlock quickly walked over to him, pushing him out the door.
"Consulting detective, actually. The only one in the world. I invented the job." Noticing the man's confused look, he continued, "When the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me."
Sherlock was the one to sing the next lyric. He planted a soft kiss into Johns hair and in his low, baritone voice, sang “I love you.”
Hello, lovelies. This one starts on the first day that John and Rosie come back to live with Sherlock. I hope you guys enjoy! Thanks, loves!
John removed his head from its resting place on Sherlocks chest and pressed a sweet, chaste kiss to his lips and then laid his head down again. They continued to sway.
John began to sing again, “Falling in love with you.” Sherlock leaned down and John leaned up, meeting in the middle, and they kissed again.
John laughed and made his way to the fridge. He smiled at the nicely decorated cake and set it on the counter before cutting into it and putting a piece on each of the three plates.
The little girl sat in the living room, colouring in her book, while Sherlock made tea, knowing John would be awake any minute. John drudged into the living room, yawning and rubbing his eyes, as the kettle began whistling.
John kissed him once more before rising to his knees. Sherlock, who unconsciously allowed John to decide what happened that night, followed him with his eyes, rolling onto his back, and gasped as his new… whatever John just became… ripped his shirt off, revealing gorgeous tanned skin that moved up and down every time he took a breath. He threw his shirt in the direction of the bedroom window where it landed with a soft /thump/ on the floor. The detectives lips were red and swollen and begging for more. The doctor sat above him, knees straddling Sherlock’s hips. John smiled devilishly at the man underneath him before bending down, placing his hands on either side of the bed right next to Sherlock’s face and crashing their lips together again.
"I love you. If we weren't already married, I would slide right off this bed and propose to you again."
They drove for about an hour until Sherlock looked out his window and yelled, “JOHN! Look! Freesias! Look at how beautiful they are!”
“Excuse me?” Sherlock stepped forward, subconsciously putting himself in front of John. “Are you sure you want to go there?” Sherlock questioned him, his eyes practically saying ‘I dare you. Say something about John and you’ll never see the light of day. Find out just how serious I am.’
John gasped, whipped his head around and looked through the glass window as he saw Sherlock’s head start to move back and forth, his eyes trying their best to open. He jumped out of his chair and pushed everyone and everything out of the way as he ran to Sherlock’s side, dropping to his knees at the side of the bed and taking Sherlock’s hand into his own.
"John? John, John, baby, look. I'm right here. See?" Sherlock picked up John's shaking hands and brought them to his bare chest, allowing John to feel the heat of his skin and the pounding of his heartbeat. "It was just a nightmare. I'm here. Okay? Are you okay?" Concern and fear washed over Sherlock's features as the doctor came out of his nightmare induced trance.
Sherlock looked down at his pants and then back up to John. “You tell me, Dr. Watson. If you’re as smart as you say you are, you should know that that question was completely unnecessary, as my body seems to have already given you all the answer you should need.”
"Fine, but. Can we get that, too? Please, Da?" Sherlock turned, following where her finger was pointing. His eyes landed on a Grey's Anatomy colouring book. They walked to the book, picking it up and flipping through the pages. They saw organs, many organs, hearts, livers, arteries, brains, appendixes, gallbladders, and the likes of it.
Sherlock shakes his head as he tries to force his arms back around John, but he's stopped in his tracks by John's hands applying pressure. "John, it was my fault, I shouldn't have said anything. I didn't mean it, I'm sorry. Just... please. Please?" Sherlock isn't even sure what he's asking for, but he's hoping with everything he's got that John does.
Sherlock chuckled, for a mere second his mind thought about how expensive all of these damn balloons were going to be, as well as everything else Rosie had planned, but that thought quickly vanished when he looked at her smiling face and thought about how much this, and John, meant to the both of them, and how much they wanted to show their appreciation of him. "I'm sure papa will love it, Ro." He smiled fondly at her, then proceeded to order the balloons.
"I love you, John. I know I'm not supposed to, and I'm certain you don't feel the same, but I just needed you to know," Sherlock whispered softly, his voice slightly cracking, his eyes staring at a random spot on the floor, a single tear rolling down his cheek.
“I’ll get it. Stay here.” Sherlock whispered as he stood up and stretched, then bent down to kiss John’s forehead.
“I love you. So, so much,” Sherlock smiled softly and opened his mouth to say something but was cut off, “I don’t say it anywhere near as often as I should, but I need you to know. Every minute of every day I think about you. I think about what you’re doing and who you’re helping. I think about the way you deduce things that people at the Yard could never notice, even if they went out of their way to try. I think about this strand of your gorgeous, curly hair,” John lifted his hand from where it rested on Sherlock's hip and moved a misplaced piece of hair from his forehead and smoothed it back, “and how it falls in front of your eyes. I think about the way your entire face lights up when you connect two pieces of the puzzle and draw everything together when we work on a case. I think about the way you say my name, and how if I get up in the middle of the night to use the loo, even in your sleep, you grab me and bring me back down. I think about your laugh and how you giggle when I kiss you behind your ear. Right…” John moved and pressed an excruciatingly soft kiss to the underside of Sherlock’s right ear, causing him to squirm and giggle, withdrawing a hearty guffaw from John. “Right there. I think about how much I miss you when you’re gone and count the seconds until I can see you again. I love you so much that sometimes it physically hurts. You are my everything, my entire world, and I don’t want to go one day without you by my side.” They both had tears in their eyes as John sat up, leaned behind him, opened his bedside table drawer and pulled out a small, black velvet box, and watched as Sherlock’s eyes widened so much that he was concerned they might pop out of his skull.
Sherlock slowly opened his eyes and John sobbed. At some point the doctors and nurses had all left the room and Mycroft remained out in the hallway, leaving him and the detective alone.
John didn't answer for a moment. He closed his eyes as another tear fell and tried to even out his breathing. Deep breath in, deep breath out. Deep breath in, deep breath out. He repeated this several times, until he was confident enough that he could speak without breaking into a sobbing fit again. "You... you left me. We got into a fight - I don't remember what about - but you were furious. I tried apologizing and I begged you not to leave but you did. You walked out. And...there was a crash outside. I didn't even have to look, Sherlock. You were gone. Oh god, you were gone."
It took the detective a moment too long to realize that he, too, was crying and that the reason John's thumb gently stroked the younger man's cheek and under eye was because there were multiple tears laid upon them.
“Oh my god. Oh, Sherlock, what have I done? How could I have let this happen?” John whispered as he gently picked up Sherlock’s hand. Mycroft stood, a hand covering his mouth, as he stared at his younger brother with fear and sorrow in his eyes.
John let out a stifled giggle before clearing his throat and saying, "Why don't we just get our skates and I'll show you how? I don't mean to brag but I used to be pretty good back in my day. You can hold on to me the whole time if you want."
"You deserve much more than this, John. You deserve to be celebrated every day," John blushed and shook his head, but the motion was quickly halted as the detective kissed him again. "I mean it, John. I love you. So does Rosie."
He smiled softly and then sat up, swinging his legs over the side of the bed. He got up, brushed his teeth and used the loo, then turned on the shower. Sherlock rose and sleepily forced himself to do his normal routine, as well. After brushing his teeth, he stripped and stepped into the shower with John.
Sherlock woke to a very small figure obnoxiously yanking his shoulder and hurriedly whispering in his ear.
“Bedroom. Now.” Sherlock removed his hand and detached himself from John before stepping away and heading towards their bedroom. “Coming?” he asked from the doorway.
He heard John gasp and watched his eyes snap open. “Bloody hell, Sherlock! You scared the piss out of me.”
John kissed his way down Sherlock’s chest and torso, stopping when he got to the waistband of his pants. As if Sherlock’s incredibly noticeable erection wasn’t enough to go on, John glanced up at Sherlock as he began to ask, “Is it okay if I -”
"HE'S OBVIOUSLY NOT THE FATHER! LOOK AT HIS SHOES AND LOOK AT HER PURSE!" Sherlock exclaimed, turning to stare at John, who was laughing at his annoyed outburst.
"God, yes! I've been waiting bloody months for you to get home, John, and if you'll remember in my letter, I told you you would be rewarded many, many times in many, many ways upon your arrival." Sherlock smiled a devilish smile as he rolled John back onto his back, then getting off of him.
For some reason, maybe it was the look in John's eyes, or maybe the single tear that had rolled down his cheek, but it had convinced Sherlock that the smaller man meant what he said.
“John. I can’t look up from this microscope because if I do, all of the blood in my body will certainly flow directly to my penis and I will pass out.”
Sherlock moaned at the sight of this new John before him. His eyes were full of lust and longing, his lips were dark and swollen from their kisses. And, if we’re being honest, John’s dick is extremely impressive.
His knees were weak, his fingers alternating between anxiously drumming against his leg and spinning the wedding ring on his left hand over and over as he waited. His stomach was in knots, whether from excitement or nerves he was unsure; he hadn't eaten since the day before. How could he? How could he focus on something as dull as eating when John was coming home? His John. 4 years of no more than 7 day visits every several months, little communication, no touching or hugging or kissing or speaking, god, John was finally coming home, for good.
I'd like it to be known that this is set in college, not high school, and the men are of age. I think Sherlock is probably 20ish in this one. Didn't want anyone to think the boys were too young :) Enjoy, my loves! Leave a comment or kudos if you like it! Thank you for reading!
"God, no! I'm sorry, you're not doing anything wrong, in fact you're doing amazing," Sherlock smiled wide as he saw John blush at his words, "I just - I can't believe you're here. Actually here. You're finally home and it's for good this time. I don't have to worry about you leaving again in two days are going back to that awful place. I'm so happy that you're finally here, John." Sherlock sniffled, removed his hands from their place on John's bare chest, and brought them to his eyes, rubbing away the tears that were still threatening to form.
Sherlock brought the fixed tea into his bedroom and watched as the doctor hoisted himself into a sitting position, then handed it to John. “Ta.” He moaned as the hot liquid ran down his throat and took another sip. They stayed quiet, sipping their tea until it was gone. John laid down again and felt a pair of thin arms wrap around his frame, a whisper of a kiss on his neck, and the detective’s legs tangling his own. They both fell fast to sleep.
Sherlock almost laughed, "John, sometimes your idiocy frightens me. Why would I have winked at our first meeting if I hadn't wanted to express...something... interest, I suppose? Why would I stare at you every fucking second of the day? Why do you think I never correct anyone when they assume our advanced relationship status? Here's a hint for you, John - it's because I wished it was true! Why do you think I've broken myself again and again to make sure your happiness and safety wasn't at stake? Why do you think I basically head dove into a bonfire to save you? 'Girlfriends aren't really my area.' Does that ring a bell? Does that ring a fucking bell, John? Girlfriends aren't my area, John, because it's you. You are my only area. You cock! You!" They both chuckled at the memory, before Sherlock continued. "Why do you think I speak to you all the time, even when you're not here? Because I wish you were here. Why do you think I crashed your date with Sarah? Because I knew that was the closest I would ever get to going on a date with you. And honestly, I have been jealous of every girlfriend you've ever had because it's never been me. 'It's always you. John Watson, you keep me right.' I didn't say that in my best man speech to burst your ego, John. I said it because I couldn't handle not saying it for a moment longer. Why do you think I said I was married to my work, then IMMEDIATELY referred to you as my colleague? Why do you think I literally restarted my heart because you were in danger? I wouldn't just die for you, John. I would live for you. I would live a life that consisted of seeing you in love with someone else if it meant you would be happy. I have been alone for so long, so many times, making sure you were safe and satisfied and I would do it again without a moments hesitation because I love you, John Watson. I have since the very moment I meant you. And I firmly believe that if you don't get your arse over here and kiss me I will explode."
"I think I do, actually," he smiles before kissing the smaller man again. "I can't believe you came back," he mumbles, so quietly that John almost doesn't hear it. Sherlock sniffles before pulling him into another hug.
"I'd rather call you tonight." Sherlock closed his eyes as that extremely corny pick-up line registered and snorted.
"Me too, love." John plants a soft kiss to Sherlock's curls, then truly notices Sherlock's position. He's wearing John's second favourite jumper, his favourite jumper discarded on his lap, so he was clearly holding it, and, most obvious, he's in John's bed, wrapped tightly in John's blankets, and was sleeping on John's pillow.
They stepped onto the ice. "Alright. So, hold onto me right here," Sherlock grabbed John's shoulder, as directed, "Good. And you want to put your left foot in front like this," John showed him the movement, the genius following. "And then you just move your legs back and forth like that."
John cleared his throat. “I, um, I wanted to tell you something, actually.” Sherlock gave John a confused look, raising his eyebrow, telling him to proceed. “Well, you see, Sherlock. You died. For a moment there, you were gone. Completely. And, uh, it made – made me realize that there are a lot of things I never told you. I think now is as good of a time as any. So, uh, I’m just – I just wanted to…the thing I wanted to say was-”
“You should get some rest, John. It’s been a couple days since you’ve had any decent sleep. Go lay down in bed, I’ll make you some tea and come join you in a minute, yes?”
tore off his uniform jacket as Sherlock took off his trousers. John was completely naked, Sherlock following soon after. They found their way to the bed, kissing like mad, hands exploring every part of the other's body, dying to get the feel of one another's skin under their fingers. Sherlock rolled John onto his back, placing himself on top, leaning forward to kiss, lick and suck at John's neck.
"Mm. Thank you, love." He moved his head from its position on Sherlock's chest and brought their lips together in a sweet, gentle kiss. "Thank you, for everything, no one's ever gone all out like this for me. Thank you, Sherlock."
For a moment, it almost seemed like this newfound arsehole was going to back off. Almost. “It’s hideous!” Gerald yelled, “Both of you are arrogant, disgusting, pedophilic fools! You should be ashamed! You worthless, dirty, fucking homos. You repel me.”
Sherlock died. He closed his eyes and began to think: Share a bed? With John Watson? My bed? With John Watson? At the same time? Tonight? Just for a couple weeks. That’s all. Just for a little while. We can do that. I can do that. John Watson, asleep, in my bed, only for a few weeks. Alright, yes, that’s acceptable.
They were so caught up in their own moment that they almost didn't hear Sally's noises of disgust. Almost.
"ME! Me! Me! I want cake for breakfast, Papa!" Rosie jumped off the floor and ran to the kitchen, opened the fridge, and pointed to the top shelf where the cake had been placed.
Sherlock spent the remainder of the morning and the afternoon thinking of nothing other than John. He was nervous and fidgety for tonight, but oh, so fucking excited.
"Oh. Apologies. But, he's clearly not the father," Sherlock gasped as John closed the gap between them, plowing their lips together, John's tongue immediately licking Sherlock's bottom lip, begging for entrance.
Sherlock is flatlining. His heart isn’t beating. Why aren’t they doing anything. Why are they just standing there? Help him! HELP HIM!
"Yeah, Sherlock. I really do." He chuckles as Sherlock throws himself at John again, hugging the older man's neck with so much strength that he's scared he might actually hurt him. Yet again, John pulls back, wiping a tear from under Sherlock's right eye. "You know what I really want to do right now, though?"
“Fine, fine, I’m up.” He grunted as he detangled himself from Sherlock and sat up. Sherlock changed his sleep wrinkled suit for a different one, replacing his white shirt with the purple one he knew John loved. After 30 minutes, the two were ready to leave the flat.
"So," John placed a hand on either of Sherlock's hips, and slowly brought them together, "I was told I had an extra gift?"
"Don't apologize for that ever again, love. I know. It's fine. It's all fine." Sherlock smiled at his accidental use of that familiar phrase.
Lestrade rolled his eyes, “The couple I told you about were out for a hike in Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire. They found the bodies there. I sent you the exact location before I came in.”
“Oi! Little legs, you git! I’m coming!” John huffed as he began awkwardly jogging around the flat to meet his lover by the door.
John groans, deepening the kiss as he sneaks a hand into Sherlock's curls, and gently pulls them forward.
The two eventually finished their work and they both felt comfortable that the younger boy had done a rather nice job on his essay and they felt confident that Mrs. Thomas would be impressed by his re-submission. They were both hungry after the several hours of studying so they ordered dinner and continued to talk. The conversation was easy and comfortable, there were a few moments, however, that Sherlock would find John's eyes and would see something there that he couldn't quite figure out. It wasn't hateful like most people's. If he hadn't known better, he would've thought there was something like adoration in his glare.
Sherlock grabbed John and connected their lips. John’s hands immediately started working the buttons of the detectives shirt as Sherlock tried to take off his own pants. Once they were both completely naked, he pushed the smaller man onto the bed and loomed over him. Sherlock grabbed the lube bottle off the nightstand and squirted a generous amount onto his fingers. John watched as Sherlock reached a hand between his legs, moaning as he worked himself open. He drank up the sight of the other man. He watched as a bead of liquid pooled at the top of the detectives dick. With John on his back, Sherlock removed his fingers and set himself over the doctor. He lined up his entrance and cried out as he lowered himself onto John’s cock. He closed his eyes and stilled for a moment, giving them both time to adjust, before slowly rocking his hips. John’s hands flew to the other man’s hips as lifted himself up and infuriatingly slowly pushed himself back down. They quickly got into a rhythm that was perfect for both of them; John would bring his hips up and thrust into Sherlock as he lowered himself down, aiming for Sherlock’s prostate every time. A mere constant stream of moans and groans filled the room as both men got closer and closer to release. John could tell Sherlock was extremely close, so he wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s neglected cock.
“Hey, Steph.” The tailor smiled at Stephanie as she nodded and exited the room. He turned his attention to Sherlock, “Hi. How can I help ya?”
I hope you enjoy! If you like it, please, please, pretty please, tell me! kudos and comments are awesome! Thank you for reading!
Sherlock stepped back and allowed his doctor to grab his hand and lead him into their shared bedroom.
John and Mycroft stayed silent for hours, neither one of them tried to speak, move, or leave the room.
“Yes, love. Ours. She’s yours as much as she is mine.” John smiled so bright that it had been almost blinding. He grabbed Sherlock by his neck and pulled him down into a quick kiss.
"I don't have a problem. You two are the ones with the real problem." She was practically spitting now.
“John? What’s wrong? Oof!” Sherlock exclaimed as John jumped from the bed and ran into him. He kissed him as if his life depended on it. “What’s wrong?”
The detective pulled the smaller man into his arms, one hand drawing small, delicate patterns on his back, the other resting gently on his neck. "What happened, John?"
“I love you. I think I’ve loved you from the very beginning, I was just too… I don’t know… afraid, I suppose, to admit to myself. But I love you, Sherlock Holmes, and I understand entirely if you don’t feel the same way, but after tonight, after I thought I’d lost you again, permanently, I just knew I would never be able to live with myself if something else happened to you and I never got the chance to say that.” John exhaled and waited for Sherlock’s answer.
The woman, Stephanie was her name, lead Sherlock through the boutique and into a room where a short man with sandy blonde hair stood.
The music continued to play peacefully in the background as the soon to be husbands danced. Sherlock looked into Johns eyes and smiled an affectionate smile. How could he have been so lucky? How did he play all of his cards right to lead him to the perfect man before him?
“John, come closer.” John leaned down. “Closer.” He moved again, “Close enough for me to kiss you, please.” John stopped for a second. He took a breath, licked his lips and looked into Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock used all the strength he could muster to lift his hand to John’s cheek. He ran his fingers through the doctor’s hair before pulling him down, their lips just a couple inches apart. “I love you, too, John.”
"Oh god, I-I'm close... John. Fuck! Mmmmmmmmmm!" Sherlock let out the filthiest moan John had ever heard, releasing onto John's abdomen. John thrust one more time before his back arched, his toes curled, and he saw stars, screaming as he came inside of Sherlock. Both of their orgasms were so powerful that Sherlock thought he could probably feel the number of hairs on John's legs and John couldn't voluntarily move as the rest of his orgasm made it's way through his body, leaving him twitching.
They laid silently for several minutes before Sherlock turned onto his side, inching just a little bit closer to John. He sensed the movement and did the same, turning to look at Sherlock, whose face was slightly illuminated by a small beam of moonlight coming through his window. Sherlock would scoot more towards John after a moment or two, followed by John, then Sherlock, then John, until they were right next to each other, noses almost touching.
John rolled his eyes but chuckled anyway, “Sound’s great, Sherlock,” He looked at the other man, “We’ll take you up on that offer, thank you. We will see you tonight. Ta!”
John nodded and whispered a soft "I love you, too" into Sherlock's neck as he hugged him tightly. "I'm sorry for waking you."
Eventually, he found the strength to remove himself from the floor. His feet began moving, his brain completely unaware of his actions. He found himself going up the stairs that lead to John's bedroom. His arms opened the door, his mind still entirely vacant, he moved with no grace, no emotion, he couldn't feel his body weight shifting as he walked, he couldn't feel the metal of the door handle as he turned it, he couldn't feel his heartbeat, he couldn't feel the raw, stinging feeling of his eyes due to crying, he couldn't feel his lungs, all he could feel, all he could think about, was
"Oh, for fuck's sake, John! Stop teasing me and get on with it!" Sherlock yelled between moans, hoping John would take the goddamn hint.
"Hello, Mr. Holmes. I don't believe you're completely grasping the concept of the piece you've chosen to write your essay on. Is there something going on? You usually excel in this class and, quite honestly, I'm more than slightly disappointed in your efforts on this assignment."
“Sherlock. I’m so angry. I’m so fucking angry.” John closed his eyes and willed himself to breathe deep, even breaths before trying again. “I’m not angry at you. I’m just – I don’t understand how people can be like that.” He opened his eyes and brought his hand to Sherlock’s face, wiping away a single fallen tear with his thumb. “Love, look at me.” Sherlock hesitated for a moment, but lifted his head, “I’m so sorry you got hurt, love.” He gently brushed Sherlock’s cheekbone, which was bloody and bruising, with his thumb.
John added in a second finger, then a third, making sure to be gentle but efficient as he prepared Sherlock, who had begun moaning like mad anytime John’s fingers brushed his prostate.
"Come on, Da! We have to go shopping for papa!" Her excited little face quickly soured as a thought crossed her mind. She scowled as she asked, "Did you forget?"
John picked her up and began to rock her back and forth. Sherlock walked to the other side of the room and turned on her sound machine, which must’ve turned off in the middle of the night. The sound of rain filled the room as he returned to John and watched him try to lull his daughter back to sleep. He wrapped his long, thin frame around the doctor’s back and began to rock in the same rhythm John had created. Sherlock pressed a soft kiss to John’s neck, noticing how the slight contact caused him to lean against his chest. John turned his head and gave Sherlock a quick kiss. He gently rested his head on the smaller mans shoulder, burrowing his nose into the nape of his neck.
“Well, she hasn’t stopped nagging him since they arrived – unhappy with her choice of spouse but they aren’t in an ongoing argument. He doesn’t mind. Anymore. He stopped caring about her insistent complaining which means he’s found something else to occupy his mind and time – cheating. It’s with someone she is close to though, but not a female. He hasn’t looked at a female body in the 12 minutes and 37 seconds since he entered the building, but he has looked at the host, a waiter, the bartender, and a fellow diner with something you could call lust, within that time – sexual identity right there. Someone close to her, not a female, father died when she was a teenager from alcohol, so it can’t be him– it’s her brother. She has done her fair share of shagging a male that she shouldn’t have as well. She hasn’t touched her husband, she’s been staring at her phone, giggling and blushing, not from a friend, obviously. She hasn’t paid attention to a word her husband has said. She doesn’t get out much, she has three young children, but she clearly has a job; an office job, going by her attire, the way she walks, her hair, the way she holds herself, and by how fast she types on that little device of hers. Only place she doesn’t go with her children is to her job, which is where her boss, of course, shags her in the bathroom during their lunch break.” He spit his deductions so fast that it was almost impossible to understand what he was saying.
“Good. Excellent. They’re gonna make you better, Sherlock, I promise. You’re going to be okay. Dear God, you have to be okay.”
The tailor broke the kiss again, "Mm. As much as I love this, and I really do, I believe you have a suit that needs tailoring. May I?" John gave him another quick kiss when the man groaned before leading him to the stand.
"Rosie? Are you okay, love?" Sherlock's sleep heavy voice whispered, squinting his eyes to see Rosie in the extremely early morning darkness.
"Call me Sherlock. None of this 'Mr. Holmes' business." Sherlock's hand was still on John's chin, even though it was unnecessary; John couldn't look away even if he wanted to.
John sobbed as he watched from the window. He felt as if his entire world was crashing down, because honestly, it was. John didn’t have a purpose, a reason, a will to live if Sherlock wasn’t by his side. He felt his throat clog, his chest beginning to tighten, his vision going dizzy. His legs gave out and he fell into the chair, begging himself to calm down. To breathe. Sherlock would want you to breathe, he told himself. Breathe, that’s it. His head dropped into his hands as he cried.
breaths, trying to regather himself enough to speak. "Fucking hell, Sherlock," his lips twitched again involuntarily, curling at the corners as he tried his best to suppress another laughing fit. He failed.
His back arched, pressing their chests together, and he moaned as Sherlock skillfully teased that spot behind John's ear that he knew drove him mad. Sherlock reluctantly disconnected himself from John as he leaned over to grab the bottle of lube off the nightstand. He bent down, capturing John's lips with another passionate, emotional kiss. His mind was so focused on having Sherlock
John and Mycroft slowly walked into Sherlock’s room. John stopped in his tracks as he saw how pale Sherlock’s skin had gone, how weak and fragile and broken he looked.
“I love you, too, John.” He kissed the man again before curling up against him. “Goodnight,” he whispered.
Sherlock couldn’t breathe. He knew exactly what he wanted to say but he couldn’t get the words out. A loud, happy sob ripped through him as he collected himself and slid onto the floor in front of John.
I am just going to apologize now. I am so, so, SO, sorry!!! This chapter is probably absolutely awful. I had very small windows of time to write today and I really wanted to get this chapter posted. Enough excuses, yes, I know. I hope you enjoy. If you like it, please, please, pretty please, tell me! kudos and comments are awesome! Thank you for reading!
Sherlock felt his blood boil, felt steam shooting out of his ears. Who did this guy think he was? Did he honestly think he could say that to John and I’d just let him? Sherlock’s face had gone red and his hands were clenched into fists as he tried to calm down. He felt John’s hand on his arm.
John nodded as he removed his shoes and his jacket. Sherlock luckily had a shirt and pyjama trousers that fit John, so he left for the bathroom to change as Sherlock dressed in his own room. The older boy came back and stepped to the side of the bed, Sherlock on the other. They silently climbed in, a bit of distance between the two.
“Love some.” He noted, picking up a different toy for Rosie, as she had grown bored of the abusive rattle. He placed it in her hands and looked up again at John, “Please,” he added.
“Come on, Sherlock. Wake up for me. Please. Come on, I’m right here. Please. I’m begging you. Open your eyes.” John groveled as he used his thumbs to stroke Sherlock’s hand.
20 minutes later, they were sitting in the field of flowers, Rosie playing with her toys on the blanket laid out for her. They were laughing and flirting, blushing and smiling, dancing and jumping like children. At one point, Sherlock had plucked a bundle of flowers, brought them to John, and said “Flowers for the most perfect man in the world. Here you go, John.” John laughed and blushed as Sherlock broke half the stem off one flower and tucked it behind his ear. “Gorgeous,” he had said. John kissed him, sweet and lingering.
John broke the kiss, both of them panting, and cursed as he felt a hand wrap around his dick, “Fuck,” he whispered as Sherlock’s hand began teasingly stroking.
"Well of course, John." Sherlock smiled mischievously at the doctor before removing his hands from his hips and picking up the bag that leaned against the wall.
John opened the book and tears immediately began forming. His eyes scanned over her first picture, at Mary's ultrasound, then a picture of Mary holding her, a picture of her first diaper being changed, a picture of her in a little dress, a couple others of her just in the moment, the rest all taken after Mary's passing. All of her captured 'firsts' had been put into the book, little notes about the dates and small details written in Sherlock's handwriting.
The doctor held onto the box as he slid off the side of the bed to kneel on the floor. Sherlock, crying, moved to his knees to follow John. John looked up at him with tears rolling down his cheeks, smiled softly, cleared his throat, and with shaky hands, opened the box to reveal a gorgeous gold ring.
“We believe we fixed the problem, but there is a small chance that it could happen again within the next 24 hours.”
He felt a hand tug at his wrist as he heard, “Oh no you don’t.” Sherlock was pulled back around as his face met with the drunk mans fist. Sherlock fell to the ground at the sudden impact. He heard John yell his name. He heard the noise of the crowd that had suddenly accumulated. He heard John grunt. And then? Then he heard the sound of an extremely strong right hand break the nose of the homophobic drunk man that had caused the whole scene. He made to get up but felt a kick to his stomach, no doubt caused by Gerald. Sherlock opened his eyes as he tried again to stand and found Gerald being tackled to the ground by an insanely furious John Watson Holmes.
Sherlock's alarm screeched, waking them both up. When they opened their sleep heavy eyes, they noticed that they were both still naked (of course) and that their limbs were tangled together. Sherlock reluctantly pulled from John's embrace, willing himself to get out of bed before the desire to stay in it all day took over. He lifted his legs over the side of the bed and stood, stretching his arms high above his head and yawning. Before he knew what he was doing, John grabbed Sherlock's wrist and pulled him back onto the bed, smiling.
“Well, love, I believe we are going to take a break and enjoy those magnificent flowers. I can tell how much you love them, why not enjoy them? Let me grab Rosie.”
John, despite his best efforts not to, laughed at Sherlock’s outburst. “It’s very dull, Sherlock,” he claimed as he started the car.
bedroom. They ate quietly in bed, not doing anything other than letting the sexual tension build up so high that Sherlock's ears almost popped. In time, they finished eating and as soon as John put his fork down, Sherlock piled everything onto the tray, and set the tray on the floor. John chuckled at Sherlock's urgency, but stopped rather quickly as Sherlock slammed their lips together. Sherlock moved, his new position allowing him to straddle John's thighs with his own, place his hands at either side of John's head, and quiet efficiently allowed him to grind his hips on the man below him.
Sherlock and John sat giggling on the floor as Rosie shook her little rattle, using all the strength she had in her arms. She fussed slightly as she banged her rattle against her forehead. Her bottom lip popped out, quivering, her eyes widened, and she whined. After making sure she hadn’t been injured and just slightly caught off guard, John began to chuckle, then he laughed, then he let out a hearty guffaw as Sherlock did the same.
"Absolutely perfect, John," he opened his eyes and turned his head to look at John, smiling, looking positively drunk.
They did their usual bedtime routines, climbed onto the mattress and fell asleep in each other’s arms.
Sherlock chuckled and paid the cabbie before taking the shorter mans hand in his own again. He opened the door and they walked up the stairs to their flat.
The food was fine, maybe even great, Sherlock and John had no way of knowing, in fact they didn’t pay attention to anything besides each other. Sherlock couldn’t focus on anything besides Johns small, rough hand resting on his thigh, occasionally sliding just an inch or two higher only to rest again. The delicate drumming of his fingers on his inner thigh nearly drove Sherlock insane.
"I love you, Sherlock. I haven't loved anyone as much as I love you. I must be a bloody idiot to not have seen it sooner." John chuckled as he voiced his next thought, "I guess most platonic friendships don't include one of them to never stop thinking of the other. I think I've always known that I had these feelings for you but I never really knew how to define them so I tried ignoring it. But, Sherlock, now, I can't believe how much I love you." He took a panicked breath before hurrying out his next line, "And I completely understand if you don't reciprocate those feelings. I just thought you should know.
Sherlock’s eyes were now rimmed with tears, as well. With a wavery voice, he said, “Ours? She’s ours?” The excitement in Sherlock’s voice was impossible to miss. He had practically been jumping for joy; John had never called Rosie their daughter before.
Arriving at their destination, they got out of the cab and entered the building. It was a nice place, crowded, slightly loud, but not overwhelming. There was an impressive bar with an uncountable number of various alcohol bottles, many waiters and waitresses walking around, drinks in hand, giving them to the poor saps that had already drunk too much. Sherlock began deducing the crowd rather quickly. He was snapped out of it by a tug on his sleeve.
Both of them were surprised to hear that they had been talking for over 5 hours. Time passed way too fast for their liking, neither wanting the night to end. They thanked Angelo for his service and Sherlock gave him a generous tip before they walked out the door.
“Yes, Mr. Holmes. Follow me, please.” The host gave them both a polite smile and led them to their table booth in the back of the restaurant. “Your waiter will be with you shortly. Enjoy your meal.”
They waited for a few minutes, catching their breath, giving each other feather-soft kisses, before Sherlock pulled off of John with a quiet pop. “I’m leaking,” he giggled, flopping onto the bed beside his husband. He settled onto his side and tossed one arm over the other man’s chest. He reached up to press a kiss to John’s lips and then buried his nose in the crook of his neck.
"Da! This one! Papa will love it!" Rosie picked up a coffee mug that read, 'Papa Bear,' and put it in the almost overflowing basket that was currently breaking Sherlock's arm.
I think we can all agree that I'm a horrible person. I can't even think of a summary, honestly. You will know what's happening when you read the first sentence, I promise. Enjoy!!
Sherlock is failing his college art class and John offers to tutor him. Dooooooeeeeesssss a romance brew? Yes. Brew like coffee, romance; do your thing.
Sherlock hesitates, but shakes his head again. "No, I thought I ruined everything. I thought... I thought you never wanted to see me again. I thought I'd lost you," he admits, moving his head a little deeper into the crook between John's neck and shoulder. He feels John's arms tighten around him, and notices a single tear on the side of his face that isn't his own.
"I'm certain he will absolutely love everything you do for him, Rose," he smiled at her softly, taking her hand as they walked back to the car.
Before he knew what he was doing, he was opening the John's wardrobe door, and pulling out the jumper he had deduced to be John's favourite. His senses were attacked by the heavenly scent that could be described only as 'John' as he bundled up the sweater by his face and inhaled. He grabbed a second jumper, pulling it over his thin, but admittedly taller frame, before staggering backwards, and collapsing onto John's made bed.
John nodded, leaned up and brought his lips to the detectives for a quick kiss. “Yes. Alright, love. Thank you.” He smiled before turning and drudging along to Sherlock’s bedroom. He plopped onto the bed and closed his eyes, listening to the sound of Sherlock rushing about the kitchen.
Sherlock smiled into the kiss before leaning back, his eyes still closed. He let out a soft hum before opening his eyes, "Excellent morning, I think."
“Hey, love.” He looked at Gerald, who had a rather nasty face on, “Hello, name’s John.” He extended his hand for the man to shake, but withdrew when the man didn’t take his hand.
Sherlock and John had been on a case. A local coffee shop owner had been found dead in his apartment. It was a staged suicide, obvious by the fact that he had been shot in the left side of the head when he was clearly right handed. The telly was still on, there was an untouched cup of tea the victim made before his untimely death, no one would make themselves a cuppa before putting a bullet in their brains without drinking it, the balcony door was wide open, if he had killed himself, he would’ve kept it closed. It was unbearably obvious that this was indeed a murder, not a suicide, but nonetheless, the so called “officers” ruled it as such.
John’s knuckles were bloody but there didn’t seem to be any other injuries on his end. Gerald on the other hand. Well, that arsehole had a very bloody face and a broken nose, an unconfirmed broken hand from his shot at Sherlock, and a possible abdominal injury. He laid writhing in pain on the filthy bar floor. Sherlock had somehow found himself wrapped around John’s shaking body as he pulled him away from Gerald.
They stayed like that, tongues and lips and hands working like mad, savoring every second of this new, wonderful, intoxicating experience. John broke the kiss, to Sherlock’s obvious dismay, but quickly made up for it as he began sucking on Sherlock’s neck.
I couldn’t see anything, I couldn’t move. There was blood. So much blood. Its dark crimson color covered my hands, my jumper, even my face. Where is it coming from? Where is Sherlock? Why can’t I think? Why can’t I think, breathe, feel, SEE, anything?
Sherlock and Rosie arrived back at the flat around 8 AM, before John had woken up. As stealthily as they could, they brought up the balloons, presents, flowers, and cake up to the flat. They spent the remaining 47 minutes until John awoke to decorate the flat. They let the balloons wander the living room and kitchen, set up the flowers, put the cake in the fridge, and decorated the kitchen table with his gifts and some old pieces of confetti Rosie had stashed away in her room.
"Oh, baby. I'm so sorry I was gone for so long. I'm so sorry I left you. I missed you so fucking much, Sherlock. I don't think I could've handled one more day without you, I'm so glad to be home. Come here, love," he pulled Sherlock down again, giving him a long, sweet kiss. When the kiss broke, he cleared his throat and looked down at where him and Sherlock were connected, "Now, can we please finish the task at hand?"
“Yes, love. Of course, I will. There is no place else in the world I would rather be than with you.” He gave Sherlock’s nose a chaste kiss before the detective buried his face into John’s chest.
"Mr. Holmes! I am extremely impressed with this essay! You did a wonderful job." Mrs. Thomas beamed, making Sherlock blush as he thought about his study session with John.
Sherlock easily hails a cab and gives the cabbie their address. Neither said a word as they sat in a comfortable silence. Sherlock watched through his window as the city flew past them. John placed his hand in Sherlock’s, intertwining their fingers. The doctor brought their hands up, softly kissing the skin on the back of Sherlock’s hand before he gently laid his head on the detective’s shoulder and dozed off. They stayed in this position until they arrived at Baker Street.
“John, last night was the best night of my life. I hope to have many, many, many, many, more nights just like that one. I’m sorry, I just woke up first and decided to freshen up a bit for you.” He brought John into a comforting embrace, placing a gentle kiss on the top of his head.
After several minutes, Sherlock slid off of John, using every muscle in his body as he cuddled up around John. He placed a gentle kiss on his lips, opening his eyes to see John smiling at him.
"Oh, Sherlock," John whispers, letting Sherlock's wrists wrap around him again. He feels his own arms snake around Sherlock's waist, pulling him closer, tighter against his chest. They stay embraced for just a moment longer before John pulls back again. He sneaks his right hand up to the side of Sherlock's face, noticing the stickiness of it, immediately understanding that Sherlock has spent the last 8 hours crying. His thumb gently strokes Sherlock's cheek, watching confusion plaster itself onto Sherlock's features.
"Mm. Enough about her." The taller man giggled before raising an eyebrow and asking, "Where were we?"
"John, I'm sorry if this sounds weird but I live just a moment away and... well, would you like to spend the night and I can drive you to school in the morning?" Sherlock tried his best not to blush or show his true feelings. He almost succeeded.
He pulled back the covers, laying down in the fetal position, clinging to John's jumper as if his life depended on it. He pulled the heavy blanket up around him, and it was only then he realized that he was shivering. He felt another tear roll down the side of his face as he let sleep take over him.
"Hmm," John pretended to ponder the question. "Well, I do believe we were right here..." John crashed his lips against Sherlock's in a passionate kiss.
"...nobody loves you, freak. Nobody could ever love you. No one could ever love a psychopath like you. Especially not him." Sally spit her words like fire, knowing full-well that the man in front of her was taking every word she said to the heart. Sherlock was blankly staring at his feet, listening to the venomous woman insult him. John was unsure of who exactly Sally was referring to, but he didn't really care about that. He wouldn't have been surprised if someone told him that steam was shooting from his ears and nose, his face almost blood red, his absolute fury obvious to anyone who dared look at him.
John gave Sherlock a tight nod before stepping away from the man on the floor and stomping towards the door.
They began working and Sherlock was baffled at how unbelievably brilliant John was. He knew so much about art and art history, and was so passionate about it, Sherlock had never listened to someone so much. He was like a sponge, absorbing every single word that left his new tutor's mouth, drinking it down like he would die without it. He felt something like a flutter in his chest as John began talking about the piece they were studying and what it meant to him.
John and Mycroft were grabbed and removed from the room as a team of doctors stormed in. John’s eyes were blank as he started to process what just happened. He’s crashing, he thought to himself, but that means – NO.
John’s hand began to start slowly caressing Sherlock’s thigh. Something changed in Sherlock's eyes and John knew exactly what he needed.
He didn't sleep peacefully, however. No, his dreams were nightmares, memories of John leaving him plagued his sleeping mind. He dreams of running through a long hallway, knowing John would be at the end, his feet stomped, he ran faster than he ever had, each step getting harder as his breathing quickened and his lungs burned. After finally arriving at the end of the hallway, he saw a beautiful girl sitting upon John's lap. One of his hands was playing in her curly blonde hair, the other wrapped around her thin waist. He was whispering in her ear, pressing soft kisses to the side of her neck, seemingly oblivious to Sherlock's arrival. Sherlock stood, his heart beating impossibly fast, no longer from the running, but because now John is looking at the girl with so much love in his eyes, so much adoration and fondness for the creature above him, that Sherlock can feel his heart literally breaking.
"I do. I love you. And my god, I am so, so, unbelievably sorry that it took me so long to realize that."
John had come back with two cups of rather shitty coffee and found Sherlock in the middle of a conversation with Sergeant Donovan.
"John! Language!" Sherlock tried to sound stern, but his lips involuntarily twitched up and he sputtered, sounding like a sprinkler, as he tried to stifle his laugh.
"Go? Go where? Ro - Rosie!" He watched as she quickly and quietly tip toed out of the room, waving her hand behind her, beckoning Sherlock to follow. He groaned as he slipped his warm feet into slippers, stretched, and wandered into the living room. He sighed as Rosie put on her light up sneakers and smiled at him widely.
She smiled a proud, satisfied smile and with a basket full of gifts, they made their way to the front of the store to pay. When they left the store, they went to the morgue, using one of the big tables to wrap John's gifts, before setting on their way.
I'm sorry for the angst!!! I was trying to hold back tears throughout this chapter but I wanted to try an alternative first kiss because I generally like reading and writing first kiss scenes. SO, being the horrible person I am, I decided to make it sad. Enjoy!
"I'd love to, John," he mumbled cheerfully, a broad smile on his face. He brought John's head up and kissed him again.
After reading the list, the man giggled again, nodding his head, "Wonderful job, Ro. Of course we do. Let me get dressed, I'll fix you a quick breakfast and we can go get cake, lots and lots of presents, all of the balloons, and flowers. Did I miss anything?"
John quickly began to buck into Sherlock’s mouth, first causing a slight cough from the detective, but he quickly got used to the rhythm and accepted it quite willingly. John was letting out a near constant stream of moans.
Sherlock looked up, "John. Are you...blushing...?" He asked, hinting at the rosiness of the doctor's cheeks.
"Right. So, I heard what Mrs. Thomas said," Sherlock felt his cheeks warm at the realization that John knew his current, failing status in their shared art class, "and I was just thinking that I did really well on that one, so I wondered if maybe you might be interested in allowing me to...tutor...you? You, of course, don't have to, it's just I, uh, I thought I would offer." He continued his rambling as Sherlock considered his offer. He really could use the help, and John seemed to be a really nice guy. Plus, Sherlock thought, he definitely is extremely attractive. With his...face and his body and his...
“I swear, you are way, way, way too good at that.” John chuckled as he squirted shampoo into his hand and massaged it into his silvery hair.
“I’m glad you’re home, John. I couldn’t care less where I sleep. You deserve to be comfortable.” The detective looked down at the floor, careful to avoid looking into John’s captivating eyes.
“Oh, John!” Sherlock inhaled and exhaled evenly, trying to force himself to stop laughing at the poor little girl sat in front of them.
Sherlock internally giggled at the flustered hurry of John's words. "Yes, that works quite well for me. I will see you tonight, John." Sherlock smiled before turning around, blushing rather furiously, and going to his next class.
Thanks for reading! I hope you like this chapter and if you have any requests or constructive criticism, please don't forget to comment! Thanks, loves <3
Sherlock moved his legs, wrapping them around John's waist, which altered their position enough that John relentlessly brushed Sherlock's prostate with almost every thrust. Sherlock reached up, wrapping his arm around John, pulling him into a passionate, sloppy kiss. Sherlock moaned into John's mouth, getting closer and closer to release. John started to pick up his pace, knowing that they were both almost there. A few deep, hard thrusts later, John took the younger man's neglected cock and gave it two pulls. Sherlock was screaming his new
He sobbed into his hands, never having loathed his own existence, his own self, as much as he does in this moment.
The men shook Mr. Bailer’s hand before exiting the bar. There had been a string of pub robberies and Sherlock deduced that friendly ol’ Todd Bailer was going to be the next victim. The found the robber and prevented the attack on the owner’s “pride and joy,” as he called it, hence the reward.
Rosie giggled at his reaction and spent 15 minutes walking back and forth, alternating between, "This one," "No,
At the sound of the door to 221 slamming shut, Sherlock felt like the wind had been completely knocked out of him. He dropped to his knees, his eyes overflowing and burning with tears.
“SHERLOCK!” I heard myself scream, felt the crack in my voice. I knew the sound had been loud, but I could barely hear it, for very little could be heard over the sound of the banging in my ears. What is that incessant noise? Why is it so loud? It took me far too long to realize that the sound had been that of my own heartbeat.
The detective chuckled at the embarrassed, goofy state of his boyfriend, "I'd absolutely love to, John."
Sherlock lost balance, again, when he stood up and accidentally crashed into John, not hard enough to make them fall, but hard enough for the doctor to find it comical.
Sherlock takes two deep breaths, letting his eyes close for just a second, before opening them and giving John a questioning, yet hopeful, look. "John? Do you... do you mean it? Truly?" Sherlock's eyes are glossy with tears, again, or still, is unknown by either of them. His eyes are boring a hole into John's, who smiles at him, nodding his head.
Sherlock tried to take a step but immediately slipped. Luckily for him, John was a very strong man. John caught Sherlock before they both ended up on the frozen floor. Laughing, he asked, "You alright, love?"
The kiss is sweet, so sweet it makes John's teeth hurt. He smiles into the kiss as Sherlock lets out a happy sob before opening his mouth, allowing John's tongue to slip in. Sherlock hesitantly allows his tongue to brush against John's, making sure everything he does, John consents.
Sherlock gasped as his eyes found the man in bulky camouflage turn the corner. Sherlock was suddenly running, feet pounding on the hard tile floors of the airport, tears burning his eyes, clouding his vision, the only audible sound being his heartbeat coursing through his ears.
"Oh god, Sherlock," he sobbed, pressing their lips together again, "God, you wouldn't believe how much I've missed you. Jesus, I love you, too." John rolled Sherlock onto his back and held him for a minute more before sitting up, Sherlock refusing to let go of his hold on John's neck, and John not wanting him to. Sherlock wrapped his legs around John's waist as John stood up. He carried Sherlock through the airport, kissing and nuzzling his nose into Sherlock's neck. Sherlock was still slightly hiccuping, a tear here and there still breaking the surface. The men got into a cab and couldn't keep their hands off of each other. They sat side by side, Sherlock's head resting on John's shoulder, both of his arms wrapped around John's torso, squeezing. John kept kissing Sherlock's curls, occasionally lifting the younger man's chin up so their lips met.
"Yes, Sherlock. That is exactly what I want you to do. Bit not good?" John asked, now more than a little concerned about whether or not Sherlock was actually upset about this.
Sherlock, once again, brilliantly solves a murder. Sally Donovan is just a big jealous bigot that doesn't know how to keep her mouth shut. I honestly don't know what direction I wanted this to go in but I hope everyone likes the ending ;)
John cleared his throat before proceeding to say, "I know it's a bit early, we've only just met and all, but would you mind terribly if I kissed you?"
John chuckled and pressed a sweet kiss to Sherlock's temple, then his lips. The younger man cuddled up around John, throwing one tired, heavy leg over John's and wrapping his arm around the shorter man's torso, pressing his face into John's bare chest. He placed a couple of chaste kisses on the older man's chest before whispering, "Goodnight, John."
When they finally got back to Baker Street, John carried Sherlock up the stairs and directly into the bedroom.
This is kind of a weird one. Sherlock and John are married and John is still in Afghanistan. John's letters are in italics and Sherlock's letters are bold. Sherlock is the moon and John is the sun.
"Good morning," he whispered, looking deep into Sherlock's eyes. He brought their lips together in a sweet kiss.
The host walked away and greeted another family. A husband and wife, three kids, two boys and one girl. The parents had been married for roughly seven years; the husband is cheating on her with her sister, no. Not her sister. Her brother, yes, her brother. And – what is that? Oh. Oh. “John! John! That woman is having sexual relations with her boss… Oh, John, don’t be surprised, he is clearly shagging her brother every weekend while he pretends to be out golfing with his college friends.”
“Mm. Mmhmmm, perfect.” He moaned as John began to work him open. His eyes snapped shut and his mouth hung open as the doctor’s fingers worked their magic.
One tug was all it took before Sherlock spilled into John’s hand and chest. John thrust inside twice more before crying out and filling Sherlock, screaming his name.
He took a deep breath, "I know, Mrs. Thomas. Nothing's going on, I'm uncertain of what exactly is occurring with me lately, but I would be grateful for the opportunity to redo this assignment and I can assure you I will do better."
He smiled, "Yeah. Let's go," he took John's hand and intertwined their fingers. They walked hand in hand back to Sherlock's flat and as soon as the door closed, they were at it again.
John had a look of awe on his face, “Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. Wonderful job, baby.” He smiled a kind, sincere, amiable smile and Sherlock blushed under his gaze.
They paid, left the restaurant, and in too big of a rush to walk, hailed a cab back to 221B. Sherlock, basically bouncing with excitement, tumbled with, and eventually cursed at, his keys before unlocking the door to their flat, drawing a chuckle from John.
John was on his left side, his right hand gently draped over Sherlocks left hip. He sighed and grabbed Sherlock to stable himself as he repositioned. He moved so he was huddled up against the detective. He propped up on his left elbow, running his left hand through Sherlock’s mess of curls. He withdrew his right hand from where it rested on his lovers hip to his face, tilting it up by his chin, and leaned in to plant a quick kiss on the detectives lips.
Sherlock managed a semi smile at John’s relieved expression. “Water?” John reached over and poured the water from the pitcher into a small cup with a straw and handed it to Sherlock, who took it greedily. John returned his hands to where they were.
“I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you. I love you with every part of me and I can’t wait to become your husband. Thank you, John.” Sherlock whispered, looking so deeply into John’s eyes that he swore he could see his brain.
His skin caught fire at Sherlock's touch and he gazed into the taller man's eyes. "I really think so," he breathed.
"This was all her idea. The gifts and the balloons and the cake, she picked out the sunflowers and how the flat would be decorated. She's been having a great time setting this up for you." The taller man leaned in, his lips hovering above John's ear. He brought his voice to a low whisper, "I may have picked up a thing or two,
"Hmm?" Sherlock hummed, not bothering to stop looking at whatever was so interesting on the stage of his microscope.
Sherlock sighed as he read the red markings on his recently submitted paper. 'See me after class,' was written along the top of his paper in bold letters. The class had been instructed to choose any piece of art work and write an excruciatingly long essay on the artist's technique, their intentions for the piece, and what the student believed to be the meaning. The young student was unsure of exactly what was causing him to struggle with the assessment, but apparently, his teacher, Mrs. Thomas, took notice and wanted him to fix it. The bell rang, and Sherlock lazily started packing his things before running a hand through his hair and scurrying to the desk in the front of the classroom.
John howled with laughter at Sherlock’s sudden outburst. He decided he was done with teasing the detective. Without a word, he took his fingers out and they both moaned as John slid inside of Sherlock.
John gently set the book on the bed before leaping onto Sherlock, his arms instinctively wrapping around the shorter man's body. "I love it so much, Sherlock. It's perfect." He sniffled again before tightening his hold around Sherlock's neck and slamming their lips together. The taller man smiled into their kiss; he moved his hands down to the back of John's thighs and lifted him up, drawing a muffled squeal from the doctor, who quickly wrapped his legs around the taller man's waist. "Thank you, love. It's perfect. I couldn't have asked for something so wonderful. Thank you," he whispered before kissing him again.
They continued to sleep in the same bed for a few weeks, occasionally they would wake up in each other’s arms and brush it off as if it were nothing. One night, they both laid awake after a particularly exciting case, in a comfortable silence until John began to speak:
John laughs, getting off the bed and standing up. "I highly doubt you were cold, Sherlock. I think that maybe you missed me?" he teased, stifling a chuckle.
Sherlock gave John’s forehead a soft kiss. “Wake up, John. We’re home,” he whispered, the hand that wasn’t holding John’s began to push the silver hair falling over the doctor’s eyes back to its place.
“You’re one of them fucking faggots. One of them little queers. The both of you.” He laughed, as if this moment was somehow, unfathomably comical.
"Sherlock, love, we all know you're an amazing, fantastic, extraordinary genius, but we do have neighbours."
A few minutes went by and they made their way back to the living room. The songs on the record had all played through so John walked over and removed the vinyl, replacing it with another.
Sherlock moved the hand not around John’s waist up to his hair and pulled it back, breaking the kiss and exposing John’s neck. He slowly kissed his way along his jawline, down his neck and collarbones, stopping every few moments to suck a bruise into John’s skin. He scraped his teeth along John’s collarbones, drawing a hiss from above him, and then ran his tongue over it, soothing the sting.
Sherlock simply said, "You can sleep in my bed if you'd like. It's much more comfortable than the floor and it's definitely big enough for the both of us."
Two men, exhausted and desperate for the one another, finally having their wishes granted of being in the arms of the other.
Sherlock slipped his hands out from under John's, causing John to playfully yell, "Hey!" They soon began tussling, which quickly became full on wrestling.
John, nor Sherlock regretted that night. They non-regretted that night 4 times before their bodies were so exhausted, and slightly bruised from their earlier fall, that they fell asleep.
“I don’t think I’ve ever been better, John.” Sherlock smiled up at him, blushing at the new name of endearment, before kissing him again.
Sherlock began opening his eyes as the light from the morning sun streamed into his bedroom. He stilled as he took in his surroundings; his head was resting on John’s left bicep and his hand curled around Sherlock’s upper back. John’s right arm rested on Sherlock’s hip, his face nearly pressed against the doctor’s chest. Sherlock noticed his left arm draped into the curve of John’s side. He stayed as still as he possibly could, acting as if his life would end if John woke and noticed their entanglement.
After an eternity, Sherlock finally spoke. “John. You love me,” John nodded, “Right. And you’re afraid I don’t reciprocate your feelings.” John hesitated, but nodded again, “Right. And, correct me if I’m wrong, but I did just jump in front of a bullet to make sure you didn’t die.”
She plopped herself back on the sofa, opening her notebook and began writing. "We need cake. Obviously. Cake is a necceccessissity." She scowled at Sherlock, who, despite his best efforts, had laughed at her attempt to pronounce 'necessity,' and, with a roll of her eyes, continued. "And we need presents. Lots and lots of presents. We need balloons and more balloons in all the colours. And we need flowers! We have to get Papa flowers, Da!" She wrote down her 'list of thingies' and proudly displayed it.
The family sat around the table as John opened his presents. The day was over far too soon, but the night had only just begun. The couple kissed Rosie on the cheeks and thanked her for her efforts to make John's birthday a happy one. They closed the door and went to their bedroom.
“John? John, where are you going? What are you doing?” Sherlock stayed seated as John walked around the front of the car to Sherlock’s door and opened it. He motioned for Sherlock to get out, offering his hand in assistance.
Sherlock broke the kiss, only long enough to say, "I told you so," before John chuckled and kissed him again.
John was now bursting out laughing. The look of arousal, excitement, then confusion, concern, confusion again, and then annoyance and embarrassment that flashed over Sherlock's features was enough to make anyone pee themselves with laughter.
John chuckled, withdrew his fingers and pressed 3 in, making sure Sherlock was efficiently prepared before taking his fingers back out, filling his palm with lube, and rubbing it onto himself. He gave himself a few tugs to release a little bit of the tension before lining himself up and slowly, slowly sliding into Sherlock. He didn't stop until he was all the way in, giving them both a moment to adjust to the new sensation. Sherlock hissed at the initial extra stretch but quickly returned to moaning. He nodded his head after a minute, giving John the permission to begin moving. John slowly pulled almost all the way out, before sliding back in, not overly forcefully, but at the perfect speed. If Sherlock's moan was anything to go by, John had just hit his prostate. He did it again, and again, and again, moaning and groaning and whining at the feel of Sherlock's tight, hot heat around him.
Sherlock let a mischievous smile spread across his face before crashing his lips against Johns. John let out a small, desperate moan as Sherlock pushed his thigh in between John’s legs. Their kiss was deep, passionate, full of lust and longing; so sweet, so tender, but at the same time hard and rough and… absolutely perfect. John loved these kinds of kisses, he loved it when Sherlock let himself go, completely invading John’s mouth with his tongue, teeth ever so often nibbling at his lower lip just so he could run his tongue over it again. To be honest, John loved every single kiss the two had shared. The soft, close mouthed kisses the two would give each other after waking up side by side every morning, the passionate ones like this, the quick kiss John would place on his forehead when he was in his mind palace or using his microscope. He loved the ones that occurred after a couple drinks, the slow, burning kisses that undoubtedly lead to something more, but are too amazing to rush. John and
, that might interest you later tonight, once Rosie's gone to bed. I can guarantee that what I have in mind is extra cause for celebration." He pressed a feather soft kiss to John's ear, then his neck, then his lips, before abruptly pulling back, "Tea?"
John had tears in his eyes, whether from laughing at Sherlock's outbursts and his obvious concern for his intelligence or from hearing that the detective shared the same feelings he did, he was unsure. But, damn it, he wasn't going to waste one more bloody second. He got on his tip toes, leaned his neck up and simultaneously pulled Sherlock's neck down, connecting their lips. John smiled so wide that he was afraid his lips were going to split. He smiled even hardly as he heard, or rather felt, Sherlock happy sob into their kiss. John grabbed that beautiful man and kissed the absolute shit out of him because he finally could. Sherlock wanted him to. And dear god, how long he had been wishing to feel those perfect lips against his own.
Sherlock smiled, yet again blown away by John's ability to be so astonishingly fantastic. "That sounds perfect, John."
"I know, I'm sorry. I should have kept my mouth shut. Just pretend I didn't say it, okay? I promise I won't say it ever again, just please don't leave me. Please," he begs, momentarily forgetting to feel self-conscious or ashamed of how desperate he is.
John lets out a hearty guffaw at Sherlock's embarrassed face before taking his hands and pulling him off the bed.
38 minutes later found John in the loo and Sherlock out by the bar, where are a man came up to him and started chatting.
Sherlock pursed his lips, attempting to stifle a giggle, "Of course not, Ro. But, it is," he checked his watch, "5 o'clock in the morning. Not many places are going to be open yet, love."
John turned to see Sherlock beginning to stand up, “Wait. I’ll come, too,” he whispered. John quickly kissed his lips and they began to make their way up to Rosie.
When the kiss finally breaks, they are both gasping for air, their foreheads resting against each other. Sherlock smiles down at John, who can't help but to smile back. The pair quickly fall into a fit of giggles, before they both lean in, lips meeting in the middle.
Sherlock untangled his hands from John’s and placed one in his hair, the other snaked around his waist, pulling him in even closer. “Mmm. John,” Sherlock tried, releasing Johns lips just to have his hand fly up to those beautiful curls and bring him down again. “John,” another kiss. “We should...” another kiss. Sherlock reluctantly pulled back, refusing to cave even when John pulled his head back down again.
Sherlock died again. For some reason, the heart monitor wasn’t picking up on Sherlock’s nonexistent pulse, but he was certain that he fucking died because there is no way that John, John Watson, just said those words to him.
They danced for hours, not worrying about anything besides each other. Rosie stayed sleeping peacefully the rest of the night, leaving them alone. They alternated between quietly singing to each other, hugging, looking into each other’s eyes, smiling, and kissing.
“I don’t know how I’ll ever repay you! You saved me and me bar from getting a mighty fine beatin’ I know I couldn’t pay for.” The bar owner smiled brightly at Sherlock, “Mr. ‘Olmes, you and your fella here,” he turned to John and winked, “can have tonight on the house!”
John stood outside Sherlock’s room, peering in through the window, heart beating a million miles a minute as he watched the doctors begin CPR.
Sherlock walked over to his chair and quietly sat down, mindful of sleeping John, drawing his knees up under his chin. He closed his eyes as he waited for Lestrade to finish, repeating what he’d heard over and over again in his mind. He put his hands in their signature position under his chin.
“What?” He snapped before turning his head to see Mycroft standing there, umbrella in hand. “Sorry. He’s – he’s in surgery now. They don’t know… they don’t know if he’s going to make it.” John heard his voice crack as he stated those last words. His tears had only just dried, but now they were returning along with a series of heart wrenching sobs.
Though the chances of John admitting it is extremely low, he loves to hear his detective deduce. “How do you figure that, love?” he asked, admiration clear in his tone.
Donovan went slack jawed at John's words, but, unfortunately, the shock was short lived as she gave the doctor a vicious smile. "Ah... I get it," she hissed, "You've turned gay now, have ya? Should've seen that comin'." She turned back to Sherlock. "Well. If being a freakish psycho wasn't enough to make almost everyone," her eyes darted to John, then back to the man in front of her, "hate you then being a little fag sure will, won't it?"
John just giggled again as he stood up, offering his hand for Sherlock, who gladly took it, most likely knowing that he would end up on his face with a broken bone or twelve if he attempted to get up himself.
Sherlock silently closed the door and went back over to where John was sleeping. He climbed over him, as silently as possible, and laid on his side. He gently grabbed John to bring him closer, his back against Sherlock’s chest. John hummed quietly at the movement, snuggling back into Sherlock’s arms.
Sherlock's hands left their position over John's ears and one found it's way to the back of his neck, the other softly stroking John's smiling cheek. "Sherlock, that was bloody gorgeous. I have been waiting for that to happen since the moment I met her and she told me to stay away from you."
“Oh, god.” John was now on his tiptoes yanking Sherlock down for an impossibly teasing kiss, drawing a moan from the detective. “Let’s go.”
"Ready for round two, then, love?" He giggled, then moaned when he felt Sherlock's hand around his cock, pulling.
What John didn’t expect was for Sherlock to jump in front of him, getting himself shot in the chest. What the killer didn’t expect was for John to draw his gun, close his eyes, and fire a single shot, shooting him between the eyes. John watched as the detective clutched his chest and fell to the floor. For a moment he couldn’t tell what had just happened. He couldn’t move, he couldn’t breathe. He was useless.
Sherlock opened his mouth at the feel of John’s tongue licking his bottom lip. He let a small, desperate moan escape his mouth as the doctor’s tongue claimed his own. Sherlock wanted more. He wanted every single part of the creature that was John Watson. So, he broke the kiss, tore his shirt off as quickly as he could and brought their lips together again. He started working the buttons of John’s shirt but stopped as he felt a pair of warm hands on his own.
Finally opening the door, Sherlock wasted no time in grabbing John by his hips and pinning him against the back side of the door.
Eventually, it was time for the pair to get out of bed, use the loo, and make breakfast. After doing their respective morning routines, Sherlock and John made their way to the kitchen, where John began cooking up a full English breakfast for them both. It wasn't an entire minute before Sherlock waddled over to John and wrapped his arms around the older man's torso, resting his head on his shoulder, and sticking his face in the warmth of John's neck, pressing idle kisses to the skin he found there.
John took the bag and laughed as he pulled out a bright red fabric. "Red. Red pants," he looked up at Sherlock, a goofy smile plastered on his face, "Red pants, Sherlock." He giggled before pressing a quick kiss to the detectives lips.
Sherlock giggled at that. “John. I was going to say we should move this to my bed but if you’d rather have sex against a door…” Sherlock smiled a dark, sneaky smile and leaned in, whispering by Johns ear, “Well, that could be very easily arranged.”
"I... I can't. I can't do this right now. No. I can't. I just... I- I can't." He stumbled backwards, away from Sherlock, turning to grab his coat off the hook by the door, before throwing open the door and hastily pounding down the stairs.
Sherlock slowly and carefully set Rosie down in her crib and quietly tip toed back to John. Noticing his tears, concern spread over his face as he asked, “John? What’s the matter? Are you okay? Did I do something wrong?”
Sherlock moaned, rather obscenely, as John's finger curled. John enjoyed what it did to him, so, of course, he did it again and again and again, until he felt Sherlock was ready for a second finger, then he did it some more. Sherlock's moan turned into an almost scream as the older man's fingers brushed his prostate.
"I love it, Sherlock. I love you so fucking much." He pressed their lips together again, this time with more passion and more longing, hoping Sherlock would get the hint.
Sherlock stepped onto the stand and watched as John made his way over to him. "So," the tailor said around the clip he held in his mouth, "you said this was for a 'case,' right?" Sherlock nodded, "Mm. So, what do you do? Are you an officer or a PI or something?"
“Yes, I will bring you to him. But, you have to be gentle. His body has been through a lot of a trauma today.” She looked at Mycroft, who was standing close to John, and nodded her head as she walked away, beckoning them both to follow.
Sherlock tripped here and there but soon got the hang of it. He was definitely no professional. In fact, he was the epitome of a graceless, inept snail.
This chapter was requested by supernaturaltakeoverfics. I hope this is alright, love. If this isn't the way you wanted it then please tell me and I'll make the next chapter to your liking. Enjoy!!!!
The detective couldn’t help but blush at John’s sweetness. Rosie was asleep in her car-seat, which John carefully took out of the car, careful not to wake their sleeping princess.
"I always want, John. Anyway, yes, let's go get those skates." John laughed at Sherlock's excitement and followed him to the counter.
“John, none of this is your fault. I need you to know that.” John nodded once. “Good.” He bent down and kissed John. “Can we please go home, now?” He asked.
"John." Sherlock closed the gap between them, gently placing his lips against John's. He waited a moment, perfectly still, making sure it was alright for him to do this. John gasped and moved his lips, Sherlock immediately following. The younger boy felt a warm hand on the side of his face, fingers twirling in his curls, as John pulled him in even closer. Their kiss was sweet and soft, a touch of uncertainty at the new turn their relationship had taken. Sherlock broke the kiss, intending to ask if he had John's permission to continue, but the older boy was having none of that. Sherlock chuckled as he crashed his lips against his own. The taller boy soon made to sit up, swinging a leg over, planting his knee at the side of John's hip. Neither broke the kiss as John rolled onto his back and Sherlock sat on top of him. The kiss had picked up speed, and they were now hungrily devouring each other, hands roaming freely of the other's body.
"Sweetheart, as much as I love this, and trust me, I do, it's a bit tough to wander about a kitchen when you've got a second body attached to your back."
He slowly moved himself out of his position in John’s arms, careful not to wake him. He got up and went to the bathroom to do his regular morning routine, blushing like mad at the thought of John’s body pressed so close against his own.
“I suppose that would be quite alright, John.” He blushed as he risked a glance back at John, their eyes locking.
Sherlock giggled, begging his body not to let his cheeks go red, which they, of course, did. "I love you, too, John. If we weren't already married, I would say yes again... and again and again and again," Sherlock smiled as he lifted his head up again, kissing John with so much passion that, despite having just come less than 15 minutes ago, he found himself hard. Without breaking the kiss, John swung his leg over Sherlock, putting himself on top this time.
"Sherlock, I... I don't want to pretend you didn't say it. I don't want you to never say it again. God, Sherlock, I don't... I love you, too," he pauses as he hears Sherlock's breath catch, feels his body stiffen. He lets his eyes dart to where his thumb is still idly stroking his cheek. He takes in a deep breath before continuing, "I always have, I just didn't feel like I was ready to admit it until now. Sherlock, god, I am
Sherlock, John, and Rosie spent the better part of their afternoon playing in the flowers, basking in the sunshine, enjoying one of those rare, precious moments life offers. When the world seems to be at peace, where there seems like not a thing could go wrong, when everything was completely, utterly perfect.
John giggled, and they soon fell into a still moment, neither of them saying a word. It could have been thirty seconds or an hour that they stayed, looking into each other's eyes, before their lips met in a passionate kiss. Lips slid, teeth nibbled, tongues collided and danced against one another, hearts pounded against rib cages, hands roamed and grabbed, moans, groans, pants, and sighs filled the room. Clothing was ripped off and thrown onto the floor; John tore his shirt off and Sherlock took the momentary break of the kiss to suck a purple bruise onto the skin of John's neck drawing out a desperate moan from John, who quickly reconnected their lips.
“I love… you!” Breaking into a fit of giggles and laughs, the song ended and a new one came on. No sooner than it did, a faint cry was heard from Rosie’s room.
Today is John's 50th birthday, we're gonna say Rosie is 5 or 6. John is not exactly 'happy' about his birthday, but the two people he loves the most make up for it. Aww, isn't that sweet?
Rosie looked up to her dad in her room, slowly walking towards her. Sherlock bent down to pick her up while John stayed in the hallway, watching the scene.
"Wow. You're brilliant. I could never describe it like that." Sherlock's words were sincere, and John felt a blush creep up his neck and cheeks at his praise.
The restaurant had a charming, comfortable atmosphere. It was quite nice, definitely no Angelo’s but that was an impossible standard to live up to. There were candles on the table and soothing music played softly in the background.
“John. Please look at me,” he begged. John turned his gaze to Sherlock, calming down a bit more almost instantly as their eyes locked. “I am so, so sorry, John. I had no idea – I didn’t know he was going to… I’m sorry.” Sherlock placed his hands on either side of John’s head as he let his head fall, ashamed.
Sherlock came, trembling as his orgasm ripped through him. Sherlock’s orgasm triggered John’s and the both of them stayed completely still through the aftershocks of their orgasms. After a few minutes, John pulled out and joined Sherlock on the bed. He kissed his forehead, his cheek, his nose, neck, and lips agonizingly softly.
“Fucking brilliant. Come here.” Sherlock threw his arm around John’s neck, drawing him in, and kissed him. Hard. He felt the doctor laugh against his lips at his eagerness, but he couldn’t have cared less.
Sherlock laughed and gave his bum a wiggle, smiling at John's immediate reaction. He quickly resumed their original pace, hips up, John sliding almost all the way out, and crashing his hips back down at the same time John thrust up, John's cock finding Sherlock's prostate every time. They were soon panting, moaning and groaning and making many other noises, screaming words of praise.
The man, Gerald, continued to chat up Sherlock, “I see you’ve got a ring on your finger. Where’s the wife?” He nodded to Sherlock’s left hand.
They settled down and Sherlock leaned down to kiss John. It was supposed to be a quick kiss, just another “good morning” kiss. It was. But it wasn’t. It became a deep, passionate kiss almost immediately. John softly moaned as Sherlock nibbled on his lip and kissed him again.
Sherlock groaned but continued to look at his microscope, certainly not focusing on whatever was on the slide.
John’s left arm is gently wrapped around Sherlock’s neck, his right hand is holding the detectives left. Sherlock has his right arm loosely draped over John’s waist. The doctors head is resting against his fiancé’s chest, listening to his heartbeat; Sherlocks chin sits in his doctor’s silvery hair.
"Tall, lanky, uncoordinated men aren't the most graceful of ice skaters, John." He stated, eyes darting to the giant oval shaped rink and then back at John.
“Oh, no. No, my husband, John, he went to the loo shortly before you came over.” Sherlock glanced at the door, watching as John came out of it, wiping his wet hands on his jeans. “There he is now. Ah, he’s coming over.” John stopped at Sherlock’s side, “Hello, John. This is Gerald.”
“He made it out of surgery. He has lost a very large amount of blood and suffered many major injuries, but he should fully recover.” She smiled softly, trying to reassure the man in front of her that Sherlock would be okay.
“Appreciated, but as I said, unnecessary. Now, if you could please continue with what you were doing.”
Sherlock introduced John to the owner, Angelo, who had apparently been a friend of the Holmes family. Angelo led the boys to the back of the restaurant where a small booth could be found, surrounded by fairy lights, perfect studying conditions. A waiter, upon the owner's request, brought them biscuits and tea, telling them they could stay as long as they needed. John thought he saw the waiter suggestively wink at Sherlock, but he was unsure.
They fell into a deep sleep, both exhausted from the exciting day and extra-curricular activities they'd just participated in.
"Sherlock, please," John whispers, a relieved smile momentarily making its way to his lips as he sees Sherlock's eyes fluttering open.
“Sherlock?” Here he is, he’s in my arms. He’s in my arms and he’s hurt. Oh. He’s dying. You’re a doctor, Watson! Get to it! The pieces clicked. “Sherlock! Fuck! Hold on, please. Stay with me! NO! Don’t you dare close your eyes. Sherlock! Please. Please, please, please, please, don’t leave me. Stay awake, come on, you can do it. I know you can. Come on.” I put pressure on the wound, to stop the blood, using every bit of my knowledge as an army doctor and putting it to use. He can’t die. I won’t let him die. “They’re almost here, Sherlock,” I promised as I watched a single tear roll off my cheek and splash against his forehead. “The ambulance is gonna be here in just a moment, hold on for me until then. Okay? Can you do that?”
“Oh, Sherlock.” John stood up and gently removed his hands from Sherlock’s, placing one of them in his curly hair and the other on the railing attached to the edge of the bed. “You scared the fucking shit out of me. Never, never, never do that again.”
I'm sorry for not posting yesterday. It was my birthday and I had plans to see my brother and never got the chance to write. This one is pretty short and I'm sorry about that but I hope it's better than nothing. Enjoy!!!!
“Hi,” He cleared his throat, “I need to get this suit-” Sherlock held up the see-through garment bag that covered a beautiful burgundy suit, “tailored for a case.”
"Thank you, Mrs. Thomas. You will not be disappointed again." She nodded and dismissed him. He navigated his way through the halls, coming to a complete halt as a warm hand wrapped around his wrist. He turned and was greeted by the friendly face of his fellow (and favorite) classmate, John Watson. John was the captain of the school's rugby team, of course, making him one of the most popular and most liked kids in school.
Sherlock broke the kiss, sighed, then covered John's ears with his hands. "SALLY DONOVAN, IF YOU DON'T GET THE FUCK AWAY FROM US RIGHT NOW, THEN FOR ONCE IN YOUR MISERABLE LIFE YOU'LL BE RIGHT ABOUT SOMETHING. EVERYONE WILL BE STANDING AROUND A BODY AND SHERLOCK HOLMES WILL BE THE ONE TO HAVE PUT IT THERE. NOT JUST ANY BODY, THOUGH.
"God, I'm so sorry, Sherlock. I didn't mean to scare you, I just needed a little time. I couldn't leave you permanently, even if I wanted to."
“John. John. I’m alright. He’s not worth it anymore. Please, let’s go.” Sherlock pleaded as he worked to calm the enraged man before him.
Sherlock watched as John's hands tapped anxiously on the side of his pant leg, awaiting the taller boy's answer. "Actually, John, that would be wonderful. Thank you. Truly."
“Not a problem, love.” He whispered softly as he leaned over the table to give his boyfriend a short, sweet kiss.
“No time, John! Why would we even consider slowing down? This is by far the worst idea that you’ve ever thought of. Are you alright? John. John, stop laughing and look at me. Are you dying? Is that what it is? Are you dying? Or are you just slow? John. Do answer me, John. Idiot.”
, leave you. You are the only thing in my life that matters. You. If I left you, I'd be leaving my reason for living. I love you, John and I doubt that there is much of anything you could do that would warrant my leaving. Do you understand?"
“You found me as a broken man and made me whole again. I can’t even think about what my life would be like without you in it. And that is why I am asking you, William Sherlock Scott Holmes, will you give me the absolute honor of becoming my husband? Will you marry me?”
I am so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so unbelievably sorry! I had to go away with my family for a few days and had NO time to write whatsoever, and when I got home I was drowning in schoolwork (fun, right?) and getting back into the habit of writing has been a real pain in the arse. BUT! I am back and as I've already said, I am a horrible person, so enjoy the angst! Thanks for reading! Don't forget to recommend, comment, and kudos! I literally breathe for them, you have no idea. ...Okay, shutting up.
John inhaled slowly, “I love you, Sherlock. Its just hard for me knowing that people can do the things they just did to you for no other reason than the fact that you’re with me. I’m sorry, Sherlock.”
"Sherlock..." John hadn't realized he was crying until Sherlock let go of one of his hands and wiped away a couple of tears from the older mans cheek. "Oh god, Sherlock."
We can safely say that if Mrs. Hudson had been home on this eventful night, she would likely have kicked them both out for the sinful sounds escaping flat 221B.
"Okay, Ro. I think this is plenty of gifts. We live in a very, very small flat, please remember that." He giggled as her face momentarily fell to a frown, then lit back up again as she saw something else.
John had moved them around so that they were in a similar position as the one they were in before they were interrupted; Sherlock on his back, John on his knees facing Sherlock, but not on top of him. John slipped two fingers into Sherlock’s mouth, “suck,” he demanded. Sherlock gladly did as he was told. John withdrew his fingers and pressed one against Sherlock’s entrance. “Alright?” he questioned, horrified at the thought of hurting him.
With that, Sherlock closed his eyes and fell into a deep sleep as John softly caressed his back. John fell asleep, too, and for the first time in a long time, they both slept through the night without a single nightmare.
Sherlock didn't answer as he walked to the closet, pulling out the handcuffs and ball-gag he knew John loved. "On your knees, arse up," he commanded, grinning as John whimpered and more than willingly obeyed.
don't leave me again. Please." He continues to plead as John grabs Sherlock's arms, slowly removing them from around his neck.
"Da. We have to go!" She tried her best to whisper, mindful of her sleeping father, who was lightly snoring next to Sherlock.
John took a moment to catch his breath. “I thought – I thought you left. I thought maybe you were regretting last night.”
The DI sighed, both annoyed and grateful. “Thank you, Sherlock. And it’s Greg, not Gerald. Or Gavin. Or Gerry. Or-”
"So. Many. Designs." Sherlock stared in awe at the enormous variety of differently decorated cakes, shielded by the thick plastic plate. "So many," he whispered to himself.
The two men chuckled as she ran around the room, finally settling in her signature spot on the living room, colouring again. Sherlock stepped to John, pulling him into his arms and kissing his forehead, "Happy birthday, John," he whispered into his hair.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and leaned down, drawing John into an almost bruising kiss. "John, I do believe that if you take me home right now... well. I don't think you'll regret it." The taller man nibbled on John's left ear as he whispered, a moan making its way from the doctor's mouth.
Sherlock ran into John's arms, knocking them both to the floor. Sherlock sobbed into John's neck and John wrapped his arms around Sherlock so tight that he was scared he might break him. Tears ran down John's cheeks as he held Sherlock, both of them laying still on the floor, too wrapped up in each other to care.
"I've missed you so much, John. I can't believe you're finally here. Here. With me. I love you so much!" Sherlock smiled so hard his cheeks hurt, but he could hardly notice anything besides John's body pressed against his own, his arms wrapped around him, his lips wet and swollen from being attacked by his own mouth, his eyes filled with so much love and joy that it made Sherlock's heart melt at the sight.
“Of course, apologies. We got a call this morning. Triple murder. Pretty gruesome from what I’ve seen in the pictures. They’re siblings. No parents, no suspects. A couple was walking around the area and saw blood scattered around the place, found ‘em lying dead. All scratched up, like they were maimed. Cuts and bruises, missing body parts, it’s… it’s pretty bad, Sherlock.” The DI sighed and ran a hand through his hair.
"I can't see why anyone would say that. That was extraordinary, Mr. Holmes." He tore his eyes from Sherlock's, "
John's laughter caused Sherlock to giggle, and then guffaw. Both of them stayed in their positions, laughing so hard that tears clouded their vision. John took several
"What is your fucking problem?" Everything about John's body language screamed 'military doctor that could break every bone in your body while naming them,' and it was clear that he was not taking too kindly to the verbal abuse Sherlock was being submitted to.
The two men said no more about tonight’s sleeping arrangements. They did their normal bedtime routine; brushed their teeth, and the likes of it were all done in an almost comfortable silence. Sherlock stood by his side of the bed, John slowly walked toward the other. They pulled back the comforter, carefully climbing in. As John laid down, he turned off the lamp next to him, and pulled the cover over himself.
Sherlock was now laying back-flat on the chilly floor with a confused John Watson on top of him. They quickly inspected each other for injuries and, finding none, immediately broke into a fit of giggles. They were laughing so hard that John's eyes began to water and Sherlock's sides ached. It was so rare for life to offer these types of moments; where the world seems immune to anything remotely bad or evil, where there is so much joy that it feels impossible to ever be anything besides happy, where two people just let go of everything but each other, finding complete bliss and pure satisfaction in a nonsexual, but unbelievably intimate way. The rink was empty, the only thing that could be heard were the heavy breaths of the men that were trying to collect themselves enough to use words without laughing hysterically.
“Sherlock, love, let’s just go.” John attempted to get Sherlock to calm down. “Come on.” He said. Sherlock looked at John and nodded. He turned around and made to leave.
They walked down the stairs of 221, Sherlock in front, stopping to smile affectionately at John after opening the door. He extended his hand which John gladly took. They walked silently, hand in hand, to the new Mexican restaurant that only opened a few weeks prior. It was mid-September, the weather was gorgeous, not too hot, not too cold, just gorgeous.
"John? John!" Sherlock sits up, throwing his arms around John so quickly that it almost makes him dizzy. "I'm so sorry, John. Please. I didn't mean to hurt you, I wasn't thinking.
Sherlock still hadn't said a word. John felt pain in his chest as he realized that the detective really did believe everything Sally had said to him. He really thought he was undeserving of love, that he was a worthless, uncaring psychopath that didn't deserve respect or honour or care. 'Oh Sherlock,' John thought, 'You have no idea how wrong you both are. If anyone deserves love, it's you. I love you.' The doctor's eyes snapped open, unaware that they had been closed in the first place. He whispered to himself, "I love you." A bit louder now, "I love you." He looked up at Sherlock, "I love you." He watched as Sherlock's entire body changed. His arms tensed, his eyes widened, his back straightened, his head whipped up as John said it again, smiling, "I love you." Before the military man knew what he was doing, he had already crowded into Sherlock's personal space, his fists clenching and unclenching anxiously as he repeated himself, whispering it to the taller man, eyes burning holes into his brain. "I love you, Sherlock."
John pulls back, looking into Sherlock's eyes, still holding his wrists, "Sherlock, I am so sorry. I shouldn't have left like that, I just didn't know what do and I didn't want to make everything worse by saying something I might've regretted."
Once Rosie had fallen back into a deep sleep, her father laid her down in her crib, and they both quietly snuck out of her room. The distance from Rosie’s room to Sherlock’s bedroom seemed unbearably long, but they soon got there and almost immediately began to pick up where they left off. Trousers were off, lips were connecting, hands were roaming, and certain noises were being made before the door even closed.
It is shortly after midnight; 29 minutes and 18 seconds after midnight, to be specific. There are candles lit around the flat, the only light source they have. Rosie lay sleeping in her crib as the two men dance in the living room. John’s old record player is playing Frank Sinatra’s classic hits.
They finished their shower and went out to the kitchen to make breakfast. They spent the rest of their morning watching movies and playing with Rosie.
"John..." Sherlock wheezed his name. They took more deep breaths, many more deep breaths, trying to steady themselves. Sherlock was finally composed enough to smile at John and leaned down to steal another kiss. Instead of having Sherlock collapse on top of him for a second time, John was smart enough to roll Sherlock onto his back, placing himself on Sherlock. The heat from their pre-incident came back almost immediately. Sherlock broke the kiss as his back arched, due to the grinding of John's hips against his groin. In a flash, he felt his pajama bottoms being tugged off, then his pants. He heard the older man gasp when his erection sprung from its confines. Sherlock watched as John got off the bed, practically tore the rest of his clothes off, and then hastily climbed back onto the bed.
John laughed. “You get shot and you’re asking me if I’m alright. If anyone should be asking that question, it’s me.”
"Oh, shut it, you big git." John averted his eyes to the floor, blushing even harder at being caught. "Do you want to go out or not, Sherlock?"
"Yes, John. I love you more than I love life itself, because you are my life, my soul, my sun, my moon, and all my stars, and I missed you. Happy?"
Both men ordered and as they awaited their food, neither could stop smiling, blushing, giggling, and staring. Neither said a word, it wasn’t necessary to. Words couldn’t express the love that filled the consulting detectives’ eyes, and nothing could express the joy and complete adoration the doctor felt.
John sighed, “Don’t be ridiculous. That wouldn’t be very nice, to kick you out as I just popped back in to your life.”
"Of course, John. There's plenty of room left for any pictures we take of Rosie's growth. I thought you both would like something to keep the memories fresh."
John wrote down the measurements and looked up at Sherlock, whose eyes were nearly burning a hole into his skull. Sherlock hopped down off the stand and stepped next to John. "Afghanistan or Iraq?" He asked, staring into John's eyes as he awaited the answer.
“One of what, exactly?” Sherlock knew what he was going to say, but hoped against all odds that tonight wouldn’t be one of those nights.
She rolled her eyes as she hopped off the couch, seemingly ignoring his statement. He watched as she went over to her little backpack, opened it, and pulled out a sparkly notebook with little space cats plastered on the cover, and a pencil.
Sherlock chuckled, “No, probably not. But then again,” he looked over at John, “when have we ever been normal?”
“…John…” A voice. Sherlock’s voice. Open your eyes! Damn it! Get yourself together, Watson. Blood. I see blood. And… Sherlock. Sherlock’s blood. Sherlock’s blood is covering my hands.
“SWEET JESUS, JOHN, IF YOU DON’T HURRY UP AND PUT THAT DAMN THING IN THERE ALREADY WE ARE GOING TO HAVE A SERIOUS PROBLEM.” He yelled as John’s fingers relentlessly stroked his prostate with every move of his fingers.
30 minutes later, the boys could be found in a makeshift blanket fort, eating chocolate biscuits, sipping tea.
John wondered to the kitchen, turned on the stove and grabbed two mugs as he waited for the kettle to warm. Hmm, he thought, share a bed with Sherlock Holmes. Just a platonic bed-share. Just two friends compromising. Nothing more. He sighed, “nothing more,” he whispered to himself, a tinge of sadness in his voice. He made tea for himself, then for Sherlock, and brought the two cups and a package of biscuits into the living room.
