, John pondered idly, as he watched Sherlock playing out the scene at the pool in his mind palace.
Sherlock looked up from his wrist and he was still too close for comfort. John could count his lashes. “I mean, you said they were ‘ordinary folk enjoying retirement’, right?” He quickly pulled his hand back and held out his other arm for Sherlock, who regarded him thoughtfully. He briefly pressed his lips together, swallowed once and went to fidget with John’s other wrist.
“Good,” Sherlock said curtly. “Come along then.”
Soon after, Anderson had been dragged out of the pub by two colleagues. He’d gotten a nice slap for his trouble from the blonde sergeant and John thought he’d seen somebody take a video. He felt a little bit guilty, simply because he usually didn’t stoop so low. But somewhere, in a quietly jealous and possessive space inside him, he thought it suited the git just right.
meant Moran was
There was a change in John’s breathing and a slight tension crept into his body, interrupting Sherlock’s trail of thoughts. The hand on Sherlock’s chest tightened and fingers dug into skin before they let go abruptly, signalling John’s realisation where he was. Sherlock slowly charted every nuance of John’s reactions, wondering whether any previous partner (
couldn’t John tell him the secret?
“And… Merry Christmas,” Mycroft added.
“Huh,” Greg said again. “I’m guessing I wouldn’t want to get on your bad side, then,” he stated.
A sliver of moonlight reflected of a blond curl, sticking out of a black beanie hat. “And I’d like to have it, please,” Mary said, stepping fully into the room.
. Sherlock thought about how he must look, glancing down at his sweat-covered body, chopping wood for Christ’s sake. It was almost textbook, wasn’t it? He chuckled and locked eyes with John, who smirked back. A happy jolt went through Sherlock. He glanced at the pile of chopped wood pieces and decided he’d done enough. He was suddenly itching to see John, to speak to him, to just be in the same room if possible. Since his absence, that particular ache had become a constant, well-known companion, and it still hadn’t left him entirely. But now he was at least able to do something about it.
John took Mary upstairs and Sherlock followed them with narrowed eyes. Hateful, crafty,
“It went through,” John assessed. “Give me her knife.” Sherlock glanced down her body and nodded. He pried a small combat knife out of a holster and handed it to John, who cut off his jacket’s arms. He rolled the pieces up and secured them in place on her front and back by wrapping Sherlock’s scarf around them as tightly as he could. Mary cried out in pain and he whispered encouraging nothings as he usually did with patients. He tried to give her a brave smile and stroked her hair. “It’ll be all right,” he repeated. Mary grimaced. She definitely didn’t believe him
-	Apiary Glossary
Sherlock shrugged. “Mycroft sent for us, so he probably thought of something. Also my brain will rot if I don’t work, he knows that.”
“Are you okay? I think you should sit down for a moment.”
Pain spread throughout his body. The impact had pushed what air he had from his lungs and he felt dizzy, not knowing where up and down was. Sherlock’s arms were ripped from him in the tumble and he had nothing left to orientate himself. John’s nose, ears and mouth were full of water and he was painfully aware that couldn’t breathe. Everything was noise. Then he opened his eyes and saw the lanky shape of his friend with his jacket billowing around him. Sherlock reached out a hand and he took it almost unconsciously, blinking in the turmoil of the water. He felt the long fingers close around his in an iron grip, and the world steadied a little. Together, they kicked their legs, hard, propelling themselves upwards. They were at the deep end of the pool and John could feel his clothes and shoes dragging him down with a vengeance. The pain in his shoulder made it almost impossible to swim. Finally, his head broke the surface and he spluttered, pulling in a gasping breath.
Every night, John tried to figure out whether or not he was hopelessly smitten with his gorgeous flatmate and what that meant for him. Every night he came to a similar conclusion: Yes, he was smitten; yes, this was Sherlock Holmes he was thinking of, which meant he was completely bloody insane; no, he had absolutely no idea how to approach the issue. But thankfully, one night an opportunity presented itself.
He felt Sherlock move around to give him a bit of space. When he bumped into the wooden shelves, he heard the sound of jars chinking together.
“But why the hell didn’t you tell—“ Lestrade began again, and his gaze unerringly swept to John. He broke off mid-sentence, his face sobering a little.
So Sherlock had been...
“He felt that I’d done all I could there. He was wrong.”
Mycroft, still in this peculiar mood, simply nodded. Then, a somewhat fond smile appeared on his lips. Sherlock blinked, sure he must be imagining things. “Good luck with everything, little brother,” Mycroft said warmly.
Big Brother, indeed
". He felt the smooth planes of Sherlock’s chest against his, the pressure on his back and front and it nearly made his knees weak. "Okay," he conceded weakly, his hips moulding against Sherlock’s just right. "Perhaps… I swing a bit more both ways than I originally thought."
Sherlock chuckled and he felt the vibrations through his entire body. “About time you figured that out.”
He looked over at Sherlock. The man was driving stoically, not saying a word since they left the Holmes house. He didn’t seem mad about John’s outburst. Well, he didn’t seem to exhibit any kind of emotion at the moment, period. Perhaps that was his natural defence mechanism after being confronted with that mess of sentiment earlier.
As Mary's eyes rose to meet his, Sherlock suddenly really wondered what John had told her. John wasn't someone to open up easily; even though Sherlock could always read him like a book, he had never exactly
When Sherlock finally lurched over the side of the ship, John still in his arms, he wasted no time. He dragged John a few feet away and fairly snarled at anyone who came too close. He laid him flat on his back and quickly lowered his lips to his friend’s. With single-minded determination, he blocked out all other sensations around him and counted. And breathed, willing John to wake up. Compress the chest. Count. Lowered his head again, breathed.
John stood up, frowning from one brother to the next. “What the hell are you talking about?” They ignored him.
thing they’ve done is seeing a particularly gruesome horror film.”
not a
Now if only John could believe that a bit more himself.
He moved through the kitchen and furnished himself with a cup of strong black coffee from the can his father had prepared. John looked around and his face lit up. “Hey,” he said quietly, when Sherlock joined him by the counter. Sherlock hummed, locking eyes with John a moment before turning to look out of the window as well.
“You asked
him? Sherlock wrinkled his nose and stared at Mycroft in utter confusion. “What?”
“Easier to live with than you think. I probably did her a favour,” Norbury scowled, her tinny voice turning darker. But her attention now went to Mary and she moved closer, digging in her woolly cardigan for another cable tie.
This was exactly the problem. John was sentimental, and he’d be expecting things from him now – that was how these things went, right? And he’d made Sherlock sentimental, too. He’d distract him from the Work. He’d expect him to hold his hand in public or something ridiculous and sleep with him and he’d want Sherlock to listen to him and to commit to him and he’d be jealous…
, someone could have just read the headline, gone on with their daily life and missed out on all of it; all of what turned his life upside down in a manner of days.
John looked touched, but also incredibly uncomfortable. He cleared his throat. “Yes, I—Yes. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to be a cynic. But—I think I’m gonna turn in now. Dead on my feet. Good night everybody.” He quickly got up, sent another apologetic glance at Father and then retreated.
Mycroft sighed heavily. “We’re all okay here, I think.” He quickly glanced around. He exchanged a look with Mary, who was still holding her injured arm, cradling it to her chest. She shook her head slightly and gave him an intense glare, and he accepted it with a nod.
“All his professional career,” she said. “Haven’t you read his file?”
“Deborah,” Lady Smallwood exclaimed with a calm expression. “You’re saying her death had something to do with it?”
, he added mentally. “So Mary seems to have been a good chance to do that. She wants to leave that other life behind her, and you’ve always needed a bit of a thrill in yours, so…” he spread his hands vaguely, not sure why he was still digging his own grave like that.
. He hesitated for a moment before handing it over, but decided on full disclosure, for once.
John stared at him. “Why is that?” he asked slowly, not sure he wanted to know, really.
everything I want in my life.” His eyes locked onto Sherlock’s.
And John, smiling slightly, followed.
Sherlock, personally, was of the opinion that nobody wore his heart less on his sleeve than him. He made a point of being rude and unreadable, after all. “No need to insult me, Detective Inspector,” he grumbled.
To his chagrin, both Sherlock and Lestrade looked at him doubtfully, so he raised his hands. “All right, I get it, just the sidekick, carry on…” he rolled his eyes.
“You are
“Can’t you?” Mycroft retorted very quietly and Sherlock’s face scrunched in distaste as he realised he knew that look.
John gaped at him. Finally, he swallowed against the lump in his throat. He’d hardly ever seen Sherlock so sincere or… awkward. He remembered suddenly how flustered his friend had been at the pool after he’d torn the semtex off of him. He’d been completely thrown off by John’s willingness to sacrifice himself. It seems he still hadn’t gotten the message.
Sherlock merely shrugged. He wasn’t planning on leaving John’s side any time soon.
He quickly ate the remains of the last pork pie, not looking at his father, who was still scrutinising him. “Your doctor is a clever man.”
“Huh.” Greg suddenly appreciated that Sherlock merely experimented with body parts and acid, not with secrets and... people.
“Just teasing, John.” She leaned forward and pecked him lightly on the cheek. “Let me know how it goes,” she winked and left.
John slipped his hands around Sherlock’s back as he was pulled closer. Sherlock’s fingers ran through his hair, sending delicious tingles down his spine. He wanted to press closer, to cover Sherlock with his body, to press him down to the bed; but he didn’t quite know how to move, not wanting to let go to rearrange them. But Sherlock tugged and his leg pressed against John’s insistently. John felt his body give in and he toppled forward, where he now rested snugly against Sherlock’s body, straddling him. They both let out immediate groans at the contact and the sound only stoked his need.
Sarah smirked at his blatant curiosity. “Yeah.” She finished her coffee.
By the time midnight rolled around, John was sure something must have happened.
The experiment.
in Tbilisi.” His eyes flew to Mary, who was watching him intently.
“I— I asked you for one more miracle,” John said, his voice hitching in his throat.
A sniff and a bit more shuffling. “Thanks,” she managed.
Moriarty’s words still rang through his mind. Yes, John had shown his hand. He was perhaps – all right, almost certainly – not as clever and brilliant as Sherlock, but he
Sherlock still sat there, mumbling
“You don’t have any—“
“It’s a cross I have to bear,” Sherlock sighed dramatically, which made John snort. Sherlock smiled, and he noticed that he hated telling people things about himself, but for some reason he treasured it whenever he added another little puzzle piece to John’s library.
had the gall to talk to him about it. The first person he poured his heart out to was Mary.
“Shut it, genius.”
Sherlock pulled out two torches from his pocket and handed one to John. “Cornwall,” he simply said, his voice a low whisper, too. “Close to the coast, actually. Norbury’s cottage is just through there. Come on.” He gestured to the trees.
or to throw himself into an experiment or to burn something or to solve a really tricky murder.
“Good to know,” John interrupted quickly, glancing at the burly guy behind the bar. “Beer?”
John’s eyes went wide and he simply stared at Sherlock, who stood there looking like this was a regular occurrence. “You know my…
“Look, Sherlock,” he quickly interrupted him without turning around. “We should—“
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder, but in the dark he could hardly make out his face. “Don’t count on it. He’d probably be mad and lock us up without a trial just to spite me.”
“No, I’m not. To be honest, I’m a little relieved,” John admitted.
Sherlock gave them a blasé shrug. “Happy Birthday,” he said, and emptied his glass.
“And what about some of the things you said last night,” John murmured, dropping his voice a bit lower. Sherlock’s arms came up to wrap around him now, too. “Sounded a bit sentimental to me,” he grinned, looking up at Sherlock, seeing the smile win out.
Mary looked taken aback and a bemused smile appeared. “Why, Mr Holmes, are you flirting with me?”
John was struggling to get his breathing under control. “No,” he pressed out, “I thought you…” He quickly reconsidered his words. This wasn’t the place or the time. “Never mind, we need—“
“Our hospital assassins?”
He took a deep breath to calm down. “I
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, but he had nothing. The only thing on his mind (besides a slight dizziness) was the fact that John was right there, somehow blissfully unaware of his momentous discovery only last night. He let out a huffed laugh. “Always my doctor,” he said gently (
John stared at him for a bit longer, trying to figure out what his bloody game was now. Sherlock was riling him up and he
beer? Where’s your sense of adventure?” Sherlock admonished John.
John’s eyes focussed on the silent figure sitting in the chair opposite him. Sherlock had taken off his jacket and his shirt sleeves were rolled up. There was a smudge of soot on one hand. John’s eyes travelled up, taking in the subtle differences. His hair looked different—
-	Popular British baby names with “M.L.” in 1949 (Mummy's full name in this fic is now Margaret Lynda Holmes. Hope you like.)
“You could have died,” he finally said.
However, when Sherlock had handed his statement over, Mycroft turned to John. “Would you give us a moment?”
“I know.”
When John was done, he grabbed the sports part of the newspaper that Father had discarded earlier. Sherlock thought for a moment before he spoke, carefully. “I’m going to work some more…” he trailed off.
dull about John was suddenly making his brain spin and his heart ache with annoying demands of closeness.
John gently sucked Sherlock’s lower lip between his own, only to release it again with a soft scrape of his teeth. Sherlock heard a moan in the quiet and suddenly realised that he had made that sound, odd and needy. He pulled back, his breath stuttering to a halt. His heart was thudding painfully in his chest, his eyes blinking rapidly. John was almost a blur before him. A very concerned looking blur.
“I’m sorry,” John said. “I didn’t mean to—“
The doctor nodded politely. But he was already smiling and John slowly felt his stomach unclench. “Ms Morstan is going to be fine. She was quite lucky. Her internal injuries were less severe than we first thought. She’d lost a lot of blood, but she is stable now. She’ll be in recovery, sleeping for most of the day,” he continued, glancing from John to Sherlock and back, the ‘
“No, he didn’t,” Sherlock said cryptically, but when they waited, he didn’t elaborate. John shook his head.
But things were definitely different. The sex
------------------------------------------------------------
There was the whole story, laid out like a tapestry of inevitable defeat. The story of how Sherlock Holmes fell in love.
“Bastard,” Mary muttered, staring at the carpet. “Ajay was good. He still is, from what I can tell. Even injured, he’s a serious problem.” She swallowed.
“I know,” Sherlock murmured, with a small frown. “Me too.” Because he
Mycroft kept his eyes on John for a moment, then glanced back at her. “John Watson is quite a catch,” he said. Mary raised her eyebrows. “You like him. Why did you end your relationship?”
“Army functions.” John grinned and rolled his eyes a little.
John sighed heavily, processing. “Good. That’s... good. I’m glad we’re here, then.”
The problem was, Sherlock thought, that John was not at all dull. From the first moment he met him, Sherlock knew that he was probably the only flatmate – hell, the only person – he would endeavour to keep. Everything about him seemed completely ordinary and unassuming at first glance, but Sherlock made an effort to look twice and almost wished he hadn’t. Because everything that
A snappy retort was on Sherlock’s lips, but he stopped himself. He looked at John and was met with a shy smile.
“Sherlock.” John shifted on his feet. “You know how you always say I’m a fool for sentiment?”
But Sherlock didn’t contradict him. “I know. It’s what he does.” His hand continued its ministrations on John’s back, calming him, and John felt a flicker of hope, despite his better judgement. He shouldn’t
“A few scratches and bruises. But we’re fine.” He slowly let go and sat back on his heels, peering up at her.
John shuffled to the bathroom and got himself cleaned up, brushed his teeth and immediately felt better for it. He let himself relax, enjoying the feeling of being in a warm, clean space again. When he came back into the room, Sherlock was still sprawled on his stomach, his arms curled around one of the crisp white pillows, and he seemed to be dozing off.
John heard fear in her voice. She knew this was it, really, but wasn’t willing to give up like that. John and Sherlock frowned at each other, thinking of Helen. Sherlock caught Lestrade’s eyes. He shook his head, then nodded behind him down the stairs and gave him a thumb up. He let out a relieved breath when he saw the DI understood.
In the churning water of the pool, they’d kept each other alive. Lightness enveloped his head. He was still in the water, still staring wide-eyed at this impossible human being in front of him, still breathing in John Watson. Through the blur, he was the only thing that remained in focus.
Sherlock swallowed. Shooting Moran… it had happened so quickly, in a life or death situation; he hadn’t exactly wanted to do it, but there hadn’t been a choice. If he hadn’t, John would be dead. He suddenly remembered a case, almost two years ago, when a mysterious army doctor had waltzed into his life and shot someone for him the next day. He could finally relate.
since the pool incident.
John thought. “I am forever trying,” he said with a laugh, feeling the blush return to his cheeks.
The ground was even, yet John was glad for the torchlight. There were small dips in the earth, fallen logs and suspiciously frozen looking patches that would trip the unaware. He certainly wasn’t planning on leaving Sherlock to go through all of this alone whilst he nursed a twisted ankle, so he took care with his steps. It made for slow going.
“Not quite yet, we didn’t.” A thick voice and a heavier set of footfalls came closer from the sitting room. The shape of a man appeared, one that Sherlock had hoped never to see up close. He was tall and of a strong build, with his rifle now slung by a strap over his shoulder. On his hip was another holster with a secured handgun and a combat knife was attached to his leg. His hair was buzzed short, only a hint of stubble framing his heavy features. His nose looked like he’d broken it a few times, and there was an ugly looking scar running from the nose almost through his upper lip. He was smiling; the kind of oily smile that promised nothing but unpleasantness.
His face inched a little closer, almost without his doing. All of a sudden, there seemed to be a magnetic quality to what little space remained between them. He could hear John’s breath catch in his throat. He was just about to formulate a plan on how to continue this particular experiment, when a brisk knock on the door stopped him in his tracks. The door was opened immediately, without so much of an acknowledgement from either of them, and Sherlock drew back sharply, gliding off the bed in one fluid movement.
He thought for a moment, but he knew he’d had his answer already. "I guess death changes people," he repeated his own words back to Sherlock.
“This is not about other people, this is about
Sherlock was silent for a moment. Then he nodded brusquely. “I’m sure you’ve got people, but if you need any help, you know where to find me.”
“Hmpfsh ‘oin to—“ John tried to press out, glaring daggers.
“Hey,” John mumbled from the floor. “Stop it!”
He leaned forward and nudged Sherlock’s knees with his shoulder. He wished he had his hands, but this would have to do. “Sherlock,” he began, his voice quiet. “This may be premature, but if Mycroft doesn’t show and if Moran gets to Mary… I mean—“ he broke off and tried again. “If this is it, if we’re not getting out of this… promise me we’ll try to get away properly? None of that ‘letting yourself be captured to talk to them’ kind of nonsense, okay? I don’t want you anywhere near that man if I can help it. So the first chance we get, we take it, even if it’s risky, no questions asked. Both of us. Promise me.”
Only when they were back on the ground floor, making their way towards the exit, did Sherlock pick it up again. “Yes,” he said.
John turned around and stepped into the flat. He took a deep breath and tried to count to ten, but failed to collect himself. He heard Sherlock come in, close the door and hang up his coat. “No shit,” he said. He turned around to face his friend again. “Well done, good deduction! Of course, if you’d just read my messages, you’d have known I was worried
John stepped closer to get the kettle, but Sherlock clearly had absolutely no intention of moving. John sighed and leaned past him to reach the appliance and his hand brushed Sherlock’s body. He could practically feel the smirk radiating off the man. He also wondered what the hell was wrong with him. They’d slept together, for crying out loud, why was this so difficult?
“Your honest opinion, of course. Otherwise why bother asking?”
John’s head pounded with a vengeance. Being wrapped around Sherlock like this suddenly felt achingly familiar; like a half-remembered dream in which he had been allowed to try
“Good morning, brother mine,” the simpering voice drifted through the doorway as Mycroft showed himself in.
“Perhaps you should… sit down.”
He came back in and handed Sherlock his tea. He placed his own on the little side table and sat in his chair. His brow was furrowed as he worked it out. Sherlock watched him like a hawk. “Yes? And?”
“But we were buying with an eye on retirement, you see. If one of us couldn’t drive a car any longer, then where would we be?”
“Impressive, even for you,” Greg managed.
John’s eyes snapped up and he hiccupped one last stray laugh as his eyes calmed. He was still smiling, but something else crept into his look. He wiped away a tear that had escaped and took a deep breath.
A small voice in his head reminded Sherlock that
John, on the other hand, had taken the hint. With a surprising bout of strength he hopped backwards, seating himself on the table. Desk ornaments fell crashing to the floor and paper spilled around them. John leaned backwards, used the momentum to swing up his legs and propel his boots sideways into Moran’s head.
“It was worth a try,” Sherlock murmured, which brought out another suppressed chuckle in John. Sherlock looked decidedly pleased.
Sherlock was barely able to register anything else except John’s eyes and fists and clenched jaw; but dimly he noted that Mary was getting up. Without a sound, she left the room, the door closing with a final click behind her.
Lestrade lowered his eyes. “
Mary smiled, but it looked a bit less chipper now. “Well.” She glanced back at John and Sherlock. “I thought it was obvious,” she said, giving Mycroft a look. “I don’t like playing second fiddle.”
Sherlock snorted. “She was all over you,” he said with a sniff, still looking out of the window.
Sherlock stopped reading and looked towards the bathroom as soon as he heard the door lock and the water running. He let out a long breath and got up. He ran his hands through his hair, once, twice, and grunted in frustration, then walked to the couch and let himself collapse on it in a careless heap.
“Sherlock?” John looked up, a little startled, his eyes tired.
John sighed and shook his head. “Sherlock… how could you think that I’d believe what you said on that roof? That I would believe… for
Worst of all, John was not getting angrier. He looked at him steadily with his cobalt blue eyes, seeing right through him. Sherlock gave another angry snarl, and then dashed into his room. He slammed the door and threw himself on the bed, face forward, and groaned.
Somehow, the thought that there was something of his father’s personality in him somewhere, steadying him, was infinitely calming.
“What nurse...? Oh. Right,” John smirked. “So you’re still on about
“Not all the time,” Sherlock murmured and he heard Mycroft sigh. “Anyway, this isn’t Serbia, this is Thames House. I am quite capable to look after myself and besides, I have John with me.”
is Latin for ‘I love’.”
A strong fist connected squarely with his jaw and it was his turn to slump against the wall, the air pushed from his lungs. The man leaned over to pick him up again, so John threw himself forward into the man’s legs and rugby-tackled him to the ground. They fell in a heap and John felt strong arms grappling with him. He realised immediately that the man was much taller and stronger than he was, probably ex-military, too, but less of the
“Sherlock,” he said quietly and pulled the manila folder out.
; and Sherlock remembered how he
John tried to order his thoughts. “You’re right that I will be disappointed. For Freddy, mostly. He seems to be a nice guy and he clearly loves his girlfriend. It would be disappointing for him to find out she’s a fraud. But you are wrong if you think I want your deductions to be false.”
Sherlock comically turned his head back to the window, all injured pride and yet smirking underneath it all.
When he sat back down, still in thought, he noticed a fresh cup of tea by his armchair. Sherlock was sitting at the desk, using John’s laptop, ignoring John completely.
“And does that not provide an answer to your problem?”
John thought about this for a moment. “Yes, you do,” he said. “You’d love to tempt him.”
Sherlock glanced at him with something indescribable crossing his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath before settling his face once again into a calm mask. “Because it’s not worth risking it again.” He paused and finally managed, in a quieter voice, “risking you again.”
“It’s okay,” John began, trying to help, but Sherlock brushed him off with a clipped, “I’m sorry, too. This is not… easy. So. I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“Of course, look at anything you like, Mr. Holmes. Anything to help you.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and quirked a smile at the DI. “Effective,” he conceded, the closest he’d ever come to complimenting Lestrade.
had not been answered conclusively and had Mary and Margaret dissolve into laughter. John, clueless as he was, couldn’t help but laugh along at this point.
“Wait! What are we even doing here?” John held Sherlock back before he could move on. “I mean, what if she’s
John laughed. “Let me guess, you had a string of girls to dance with that were unaccountably boring and that you reduced to tears before the end of the first song.”
Sherlock chuckled a bit, and John felt the vibration of his chest behind his back. The hair on the nape of his neck stood on end.
, he meant to say, whilst his brain was gleefully shutting down with a parting shot of
are not
“Hm,” John agreed, sipping his tea. “So… we’re just going to sit here, waiting for a text?”
to enjoy the activity at the time. Then again, Sherlock had to concede that he had been rather preoccupied
John looked up across the table, his face softening in an instant, gazing at Sherlock as if the sun had just risen on him. Sherlock felt his cheeks heat and he buried his face in his mug. “Yeah, well, we’ve been living together for a while, bound to pick up things,” he mumbled unintelligibly into his tea.
When Mary’s arm was competently patched up, her tea was half-drunk, Sherlock’s was empty, and John hadn’t touched his. John breathed out slowly through his nose. He took a sip of his now lukewarm tea, then looked at Sherlock. Then he looked away again.
His lip curled up in a smile. “Naturally,” he said. He pointedly let his eyes wander through the crowded sitting room, finally settling on John. He was leaning against the backrest of his chair, casually holding a drink (not his first). Sherlock was standing next to him, a relaxed smile on his face. They were talking to DI Lestrade, who was staring at both of them incredulously. John suddenly let out a roar of laughter and wiped at his eyes.
. John had been incredibly intimate with him, sharing their breath under water, and not teased him about it afterwards; he had revived him when he should have drowned, and he hadn’t made stupid jokes about Sherlock’s weakness and inability to make it to the surface; he hadn’t said anything about their
“You better stop before you sprain something,” Sherlock rumbled quietly, not lifting his eyes from his microscope.
“You have fun at crime scenes?”
As soon as Sherlock’s parents had gone, Sherlock jumped up and threw himself on the larger sofa much as he was used to doing at Baker Street. He stretched out his long legs and settled comfortably on his back. Mary chuckled and exchanged a look of fond amusement with John. Both Holmes brothers looked more at ease than either of them had ever seen them.
,” John added, and his voice was sharp with anger now. Sherlock noted that any trace of sentimentality had been put aside for now. John was in what Sherlock thought of his soldier mode.
“She’s not…
He heard it replay in his mind over and over. John’s eyes boring into his, willing him to get out and save himself, leaving John behind. To die for him.
“I was wondering how you looked so impeccable again after... what happened last night. I assumed you’d gone home.” There was a careful tone of curiosity in John’s voice. He was stating facts to avoid asking questions. Why couldn’t people just come out and say what they wanted to know? It would save so much time. Whenever Sherlock tried this much more logical approach, however, everyone got flustered, awkward or embarrassed about something or other. Most tedious.
“No. What counts now is the goods. If we find them, we’ll flush them out sooner or later anyway. But I think… they’ll be here.”
It was all—“ John broke off, taking a deep breath and scanned Sherlock’s eyes. “Why would—why did you—“ His throat still felt raw from the attack, and his head ached. He supposed that mental strain wasn’t exactly recommended with a concussion, but it couldn’t be helped. He was a mess, trying to understand, trying to sort it all out. Too many questions raced through his mind, blending with all the theories he’d formed over the past few months, tinted with a desperate desire to fucking strangle Sherlock for putting him through it all—
’ to his list of grievances and pressed himself a bit closer into his sleeping friend.
“Except the people employed to do just that,” Sherlock finished.
When John came in late that night, Sherlock was in the kitchen with an experiment. Examining the composition of the dirt on the windowpane was pretty negligible in the grand scheme of things, but it gave him something to do. John hung up his jacket and then looked in the kitchen. “Hello – still up then?” he smiled, knowing that Sherlock slept very little, of course; but he always made nonsensical statements like this, regardless. It was nice to see that some part of their routine was returning.
“Somewhere familiar,” Mycroft drawled, locking eyes with Sherlock.
They had all recovered a little from their scare that morning, supported by copious amounts of tea and biscuits. A big van with a cleaning company’s name on it had picked them up, dropped them in an alley somewhere, only for them to be picked up by individual, nondescript cars again, taking them in roundabout ways to this little safe house.
Sherlock merely shrugged and continued to pet Abby. “Did she keep any personal things here?”
“I finally found a trail of clues,” Sherlock continued as he sipped his tea. “A code word kept creeping up throughout certain files and authorization orders.
A large SUV was waiting for them. Sherlock opened his phone and sent a quick text and a moment later, the car clicked open. He dug the keys out of the glove compartment and slipped into the driver’s seat. John followed, buckled in, and glanced around. Sherlock looked over and noted that a slightly puzzled look had taken over John’s features; but when he caught his eye, the blank mask slipped back into place. Sherlock sighed and turned the keys. This was going to be a long drive.
John awoke, feeling rested but disoriented. He remembered that they’d gone to bed at midday, completely exhausted. He blinked in the darkness and rolled over to find the only light source as his eyes latched onto a red glow from his bedside table. It was after 10 in the evening. He could hear faint hotel sounds through the walls and some traffic outside. But he was mostly drawn to the quiet breathing next to him.
Sherlock in all other possible ways. But perhaps he shouldn’t pressure him; this was all pretty new to him, too. And he probably shouldn’t come off as too needy, because that seemed like the kind of thing to thoroughly repel him. He had to tread carefully now. So he merely nodded and quietly left the bathroom.
“She, uh—went outside for a moment. I think.” Sherlock scrunched up his nose a little as if he couldn’t possibly fathom Mary’s motives behind this. John was pretty sure that was because Sherlock had never heard of ‘tact’.
He saw Sherlock’s cheeks flush slightly. He quickly looked away, before he said something stupid about the sight Sherlock presented right now, stretched out languorously and sleepy on the wide bed. His limbs were tangled in the sheets, his entire body one long, graceful line of temptation. John felt his hand twitch, eager to run his fingers down Sherlock’s torso.
“I have,” John said, and then had to clear his throat, pushing the thought of Sherlock out of his mind. “I’m sorry. I, uh, look. Hah. I don’t
“OH LOOK! Here are my drinks, gotta run, BYE,” John said quickly. He paid for the drinks and fled, leaving them behind in another fit of giggles.
, he added mentally. “You don’t seem too beaten up about it,” he observed instead.
John.
He felt another person approach and turned. Lestrade walked up next to him, looking tired. He nodded at Sherlock and stood by him for a moment, watching him. Finally, he said, “so, are you finally going to tell him how you feel?”
France, unfortunately, was off the table almost as quickly as it had been placed there. John’s face fell when Mycroft told them the news. They’d gone to his office to discuss possible arrangements, and Mycroft had immediately stopped Sherlock short.
Things draw to a close.
Sherlock felt something bubble up inside him. He took a deep breath and then spoke quietly, with force. “You were going to leave the country, to never see him again. You wouldn’t even have said goodbye. And now that you decided you need help after all, you’re more than ready to accept his hospitality, because you know what kind of a man he is.” It wasn’t what he had meant to say at all. But there it was.
“I can’t believe he smiled at us,” the brunette giggled. “We should
In which Sherlock tests his theory.
dead, but I thought you might get in trouble wherever you were and— um.“
at John certainly seemed incredibly useless in terms of starting a sexual relationship; and the cloying warmth that spread through his chest moments earlier certainly wasn't arousal.
Mycroft finally looked up and regarded them all a moment. “I’ll help,” he offered and went to busy himself with filling glasses as well. Without asking for it, John suddenly found himself with a rather nice whiskey in his hands. The Holmes parents had abandoned their game and joined him and Mary by the fire, settling on the larger sofa. Mycroft had pulled up an armchair and swirled his own whiskey in his glass.
? The creaking of stairs told him that he’d gone to place the intruders’ luggage in their respective rooms and move his own things around. He felt another stab of annoyance at the fact that John had evidently just carried
Lestrade gave them a friendly nod when he spotted them, and perhaps a hint of a knowing smile that nobody else would notice. John grinned. He was happy. It was a good day, they were going to – somehow – shock certain snobby members of NSY, the Moriarty case was progressing and he had Sherlock.
The last coherent decision he remembered making about John had been this morning. He’d decided to pretend everything was as usual and wait to see how John felt about all of it. Well, if today, especially the last hour, was any indication, that question had been answered quite thoroughly. And Sherlock had apparently been willing; he felt a slight stab of disappointment at his own lack of composure, but he wasn’t one to agonize over such things. The truth of the matter was out now.
“Fifteen minutes,” he said, and turned to pay the cabbie. John took a breath, steeled himself, and exited the taxi. A breath of cold winter air greeted him. He drew himself up, weathering the few calls of “Dr Watson—!” around him.
John closed his eyes. So they were doing this now, apparently. “Couldn’t this have waited until morning,” he muttered and Mary gave him a bemused look.
Sherlock got up abruptly, causing Abby to snort in reproof. “May we have a look around?” John felt happy to be included in that statement and got up as well as Sherlock went to the door.
Mary piped up for the first time, affronted. “So you’re saying she ratted AGRA out for
, right? Would John ever settle for
The headline read, ‘Detecting Love?!’ and Sherlock huffed a laugh and rolled his eyes. “Lovely photograph,” he said, making no move to hand the article back. Mycroft let him.
“Now, wait a minute, Lazarus,” Greg chided, barring Sherlock’s way. “Just a few preliminaries.” Greg took a moment to give John a nod and a brief smile. “John. You’re looking better. Good.”
are going to a ball,” Sherlock announced, fixing John with a surprisingly predatory grin.
“And slice open our wrists while we’re at it,” Sherlock said. “Too risky.”
“Nothing,” Sherlock said, his look guarded. John decided to drop it for now and changed the subject. “So, how come you found this spot in the first place? There must be a story behind that.”
Sherlock had always thought that feelings of this nature clouded the mind. He was more than a little drunk – with alcohol and John and laughing and the warmth of the bar; yet when he locked eyes with his friend, everything finally seemed clearer than it had in weeks.
He felt a small sigh escape his nose when he finally breathed again, relaxing against the gentle press of skin against skin, letting his eyes fall closed.
John said, “I know.” Lestrade departed soon after, leaving the newspaper behind. It took John three days to finally glance at it, and he was right. He knew everything that was in there; he’d known it all from the very start.
Before Mycroft could comment, however, she loudly changed the subject. “
John’s eyes were riveted on Sherlock, on his eyes, on his arm, ready to detect the slightest change in tension. He kicked off the ground almost before his friend pulled the trigger.
Sherlock’s eyes darted to John’s hands, and John saw his eyes crinkle into a somewhat tired, fond smile. Then he reached out and took John’s hand, interlacing their fingers. John gave them a squeeze, and felt one in return. He smiled and nodded, then watched in the semi-darkness as Sherlock sat up to take off his shirt and trousers whilst John slipped under the covers.
as you say… unconnected. If they’d really thought… Well, they never would have forgiven Mycroft.” Sherlock swallowed and John looked up at him.
John thought that it was impossible that Mary existed. She seemed to be the only person who didn’t think Sherlock was a complete freak and John was a weirdo for liking him. He swallowed against a lump in his throat and said, quietly, “yeah, I did.” He looked over his shoulder again. She’d hit the nail on the head, really.
“Who would have thought,” she began, and lifted the cup to her lips.
“Budge up,” he said. Sherlock blinked and scrambled to sit up. John carelessly threw down the bundle on the couch. Then he went to the kitchen and made more tea. After a few minutes, he returned and wordlessly handed Sherlock a cup. He was wearing comfortable pyjama pants and a t-shirt and settled in the other corner on the couch, moving the blanket over himself. He propped up his legs between them and finally, he addressed Sherlock again.
The crying slowed down a little. “I know you don’t know anything. It doesn’t matter. Stop thinking about it,” John soothed. “Just put that thought out of your mind. It wasn’t your mother’s fault and it’s not your fault. He’s a madman, and we will stop him.”
John snorted another laugh and looked around nervously, but nobody was paying them any attention for the moment. “Well, she’s not actually wearing that much,” he said under his breath and now it was Sherlock’s turn to stifle a laugh. Their eyes met, and Sherlock allowed himself a breathless second to enjoy that John was looking at him that way again. John’s smile faltered a little bit; for a mere fraction of a moment, his eyes dropped to Sherlock’s lips. That little movement was enough to send Sherlock’s heart into a stumble as the air between them seemed to change and thicken. He blinked quickly and took a breath as he moved away a bit. John caught himself as well and lowered his arm, which had inexplicably found its way onto Sherlock’s at some point. He hadn’t even noticed.
John took a deep breath and let Sherlock lead him to the sofa. They sat down, and John winced as he was reminded of the pain in his shoulder. Sherlock made sure he had John’s complete attention and held his eyes.
it.” Mycroft sounded a bit put out by such tiresome frankness. (
“I should think so,” Sherlock said, with a cocked eyebrow.
She raised her chin. “I didn’t see the point, and neither did Montgomery. ‘Let sleeping dogs lie’ is my motto. Montgomery is—
.. wow, and I wasn’t awake to see it. Pity,” John said, deadpan, staring into space with wide eyes. “I would have never let you live it down.”
“Hey there.”
“Have you ever heard of Lady Elizabeth Smallwood?”
“Mycroft was trying to get in touch with her. Apparently she’s called in sick at the clinic and he did not catch her at home.”
John rubbed his neck a little sheepishly as they strolled past more paintings. “It’s not that. It’s just… uh. Sherlock had a habit of… interrupting my dates,” he finally admitted.
She walked over to Sherlock and stopped right next to him before she left the kitchen. She smiled a little and placed a hand on his arm, briefly. It looked like she was going to say something else, but perhaps Sherlock’s offended look put her off. She merely shook her head, patted his shoulder and briskly jogged down the stairs.
“Home of a murderer, John,” Sherlock said. “They come in all shapes and sizes. This one was paid for in blood,” he muttered darkly, and John felt a shiver go down his spine.
“How?”
There was a pause. Sherlock locked eyes with John, his lips pressed together in a thin line. John nearly held his breath. This was a whole new kind of emotional – seeing Sherlock in his family home.
“I’m okay,” John coughed. “I’m all right.” He pulled back a little to look Sherlock in the eye and Sherlock released his death grip a little. John looked him over, but there was nothing wrong with him and John seemed relieved. “You’re okay. I thought I heard a… you’re fine,” John managed.
Sherlock gave her a nod. “He came under suspicion?”
“Well,” Sherlock sighed. “Mycroft might get here in time.”
Before he could catch himself, John muttered, “he’s good for me.” Lestrade’s grin widened and he wiggled his eyebrows. “Told you. You are an idiot.” He leaned in even closer for a moment. “Cause earlier, when you were spying on Anderson, it sure as hell looked like he was about to—“
“It is,” another voice startled them from the darkness. Sherlock turned quickly to look at the shadowy corner behind the door.
This ultimately led to date number five a week later, and made John suddenly more nervous than before. They went to dinner and then for a
“I’ll get them to the cellar,” she growled, panting heavily. “Go after her.”
She gave a small chuckle, as if the answer was obvious, but she indulged him. “Because you're his best friend and he missed you a lot. You can go back to your work together, right?"
“Infuriating, wasn’t it,” he said, a smile playing on his lips.
“So what?”
And Sherlock yelled his name more desperately than he’d ever heard him and jumped, and John felt the tall body connect with his; and he was lifted off his feet, registering the surprise in the other man’s eyes as a shot rang out, he heard Lestrade shout again, but they fell, fell down much farther than just the rooftop would have allowed, and before they hit the water, John’s head connected solidly with something and then everything went black.
He quickly began pulling upwards. Sherlock kicked his feet, holding on to John with one arm. About halfway up, John felt the arm slacken
Dark crime scene, what a lovely excuse for some sexual tension, don't you think? Also have some BAMF!John on top <3
was not something he strived to go back to.
“I know,” she said, and finally opened the door properly. At once, she was covered by an armful of dog, Abby slobbering happily all over her face and wagging her tail. John gave a little laugh.
. It’s like a constant feedback loop of their own existence and… it grates on my nerves. It’s even worse after being on my own for six months.” He took a breath. He hadn’t spoken this much to anyone except perhaps Mycroft in months.
He heard a sigh. He quickly got to his feet and Abby jumped up next to him as he heard the lock turn in the door. Helen opened, glancing warily through the gap, looking John up and down. Her blonde hair was messy and her face a mess from crying, but she still looked better than how she’d looked last night on the boat. She met John’s eyes. “You know what you’re talking about, don’t you?” she asked, and from her shy smile John immediately understood what she was referring to. A smile quirked his lips. He felt incredibly relieved now. “That was some punch,” Helen added.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and his breath caught in his throat. Suddenly, he felt too warm. The room was too small. The space between them too tight with tension. John with his
Sherlock pulled a face. “Probably,” he admitted grudgingly.
Sherlock seemed to find this incredibly funny. He
questioning. Evidence in her
Mary laughed. “Blame the concussion. Art gallery, remember?”
Mary waited for a moment. Then she made a small ‘ah’ noise that sounded like understanding. “You mean… being somewhere but being invisible?”
Finally, John let go, gave him one last thank you nod and then grabbed his pyjamas and toiletries again. They stepped out, John disappearing in the direction of the bathroom, Sherlock retreating to his room.
He tore his gaze away for now and noticed Lestrade watching him with a twinkle in his eyes. He glared at him and straightened his shirt collar, folding himself neatly into a plastic chair.
Sherlock stood by the window and watched John and Mary get in a taxi. Good, that was good. John needed to get out a little, even Sherlock saw that. His presence still bothered him, in a way Sherlock had never believed possible. He knew John had felt his loss keenly, and that didn’t just go away overnight. He used to be so easy around him, enduring all of his
He’d thought Sherlock was dead. It had been only for a moment, but it brought back a whole shroud of dark thoughts from before. Suddenly, he couldn’t breathe anymore, the duvet smothering him. He glanced over at Sherlock, careful not to disturb him, and shimmied out from under the blankets. He sat up, drawing slow, calming breaths, steadying himself on the mattress.
“You’re seeing Mary. Mary is your girlfriend.”
“I know,” the older Holmes smirked conspiratorially.
“Okay. I know you could break up half the people in this room. But… just tonight. Don’t?”
“How do you—“ Mary began, looking a bit shocked.
Sherlock frowned at her.
John’s voice drifted in from the kitchen. “So... she didn’t take the dog with her that day, so she wouldn’t have needed to go to the park, and therefore the timing is off?” It almost felt like a game they were playing. Whenever Sherlock asked John to do his own deductions, he received a brief, incredulous look; but John would usually humour him and gave it a shot.
“Yeah, thanks for having us,” John smiled. He heard all that his friend meant by that. He glanced over at the posh house. There didn’t seem to be many officers around, and the street was practically empty.
“Obviously,” Sherlock grated out. John laughed.
John took a step towards Sherlock, his eyes filling.
, right?”
Sherlock finally broke their eye contact, fearing he might just dissolve if he didn’t, and looked around. “People are definitely staring now,” he murmured to John, glancing down to see what kind of reaction that would elicit. Normally, John cared. A lot.
“Bit... not good,” John mumbled. His throat was raw and dry and a weak cough rattled through him. He was losing blood fast. At this rate...
John and Greg watched Sherlock, slack-jawed and silent, until he was sitting back at their table. Finally, John glanced over to the couple. They seemed to have shuffled a bit closer and were now indeed holding hands and making googly eyes at each other.
He met John’s eyes as he sat, still slightly wobbly in the knees, leaning against the changing room wall. His lips quirked up in a smile. “People do little else.”
Sherlock leaned even closer into John so that his mouth was hovering over his ear. He thought he heard John’s breath catch again. “Yes, I
situations in their lives.
He cleared his throat. “Sure, let me help you.”
On the third evening, Sherlock felt as if he was going to snap. However, it was John who finally voiced his discomfort. They were sitting on the couch, the remains of a few boxes of Thai scattered on the couch table. Takeaway Sherlock had brought and actually eaten without complaint. John’s eyes had nearly bulged from their sockets when he’d tucked in.
One breath was all he would get. His vision was blurred, but in the second he surfaced he saw that the ceiling was caving in and broken and burning pieces of wall and cubicles were littering the pool’s surface all around them. There was a raging fire all around them, the air sizzling as pieces toppled into the pool. The air was painfully hot and a thick smoke was developing.
A hand was running down his back, soothing him. Sherlock was clearly getting the hang of… whatever they were doing now. John sighed heavily. “It’s—it’s just—“ he began, but felt his heart was too full at the moment to say what he meant. “He just
Sherlock was by his side in a moment. John spread out the file on the table and began flipping through it, the light from the torch helping them read. Sherlock leaned in over John’s shoulder, their bodies nearly touching. John immediately lost where he was on the page and sighed inwardly.
His lungs were the first to regain their function, and he sucked in a sharp breath through his nose. Suddenly, his senses were filled with Sherlock. His smell, his beautiful eyes fluttering close, the soft skin against his own, the curls tickling his forehead. There was a beat, and…
“Sherlock,” John began, looking worried.
“The sniper was still unaccounted for. Was there any sign that suggested they might have shown up at the hospital?”
for being with someone that he’d observed – sex, loneliness, societal conventions – and none of them seemed to fit on what he was experiencing right now. And what about people being unsuited? Sherlock had never particularly fancied himself a person
John huffed a laugh and tried a sip. “Oh. You’re right. But thanks anyway.”
when they were— but then his reasoning kicked back in. Yes, good, of course. Stakeout. He couldn’t lose his head now, when they were so close. Infuriating
It's the morning after...
Sherlock stood up and stepped over the coffee table. Couldn’t John get mad already? It would make it so much easier. He spun around, his voice raised in anger.
John had to clear his throat before he managed to say a word, and realised he hadn’t spoken to anyone in two days. He assured her that no harm was done and then caught himself doing something he hadn’t done in five months. He cracked a joke. He later couldn’t recall what it was exactly he’d said, but he remembered that the checkout lady had been rather pretty and that she had laughed at his joke as she wrestled with the till. He shared another chuckle with her before he paid, finished packing his groceries, and left.
The small noises of the city were cut off as the door snapped shut with a gentle click. Warm, dry silence surrounded them. Sherlock still had his arm around John, his hand resting lightly on his hip, slowly walking him backwards until they were almost at the stairs. His eyes were locked with John’s. The intensity in them had him spellbound. Heat began to spread through John, slowly travelling downwards. His knees felt weak.
Mycroft grabbed the phone, listened for a few seconds and Sherlock saw his face hardened. "We're on our way,” he said, already beginning to walk away, Sherlock hot on his heels.
John rested a hand on her forehead. “Thank you for getting us out,” he said. “We hoped you would.” Mary smiled a little through the pain.
“I’m sorry. But… well, I know…” she seemed to struggle but then made up her mind. “Look. This is already a peculiar conversation, so what the hell. You probably don’t notice this, but I’ve seen the way he looks at you.”
And just when he thought he couldn’t take it anymore, Sherlock finally leaned in and pressed his lips to John’s. Relief flooded through him, like a man dying of thirst finally allowed a drink. John melted under Sherlock’s touch, his lips responding without conscious thought. Sherlock’s mouth was warm against him and he felt light-headed with the sensation of soft lips caressing his. He finally drew in a shaky breath through his nose, his senses filled with Sherlock. John’s hands wandered tentatively to Sherlock’s waist, slowly encircling his body and drawing him closer. The kiss began slowly, testing, learning, no inebriation diluting the experience this time. John felt as if his heart could burst.
(See the end of the chapter for
, John thought,
Helen shuffled again. “But you said you met him. You know what he’s capable of!”
John smirked at him. “Well, we can’t all be beyond such things; otherwise the human race would have died out a long time ago.”
The certainty in Sherlock’s voice was clear as day. “Why not?”
John felt Molly start, so she must have been in a contemplative state as well. She got up, suddenly remembering the stack of papers she’d probably been meaning to take somewhere. “Uh. John, would you like coffee?” She sounded like someone in need of coffee herself, so John got up, content to let Sherlock work for a while.
“No, at dancing,” he said nonchalantly.
for this, just like Sherlock. Others, such as Mycroft in one of his more pedestrian moments, might have pointed out that John going out on a limb like that was especially remarkable because Sherlock Holmes and Doctor John Watson had only just met. Sherlock, however, knew that it was not a question of time. It was a question of character. Either you pulled the trigger, or you didn’t. And feeling remorseful about it afterwards didn’t change this fact, and John knew it. He’d made a decision. There was no regret.
Sherlock grinned and closed the door. Mary grabbed her coat. “He’s right, you know. It’s going to be difficult to keep this secret,” she added as she pulled it on. “So I guess it’s not a good idea for you to leave the hospital at the moment.”
“Alright, alright,” Lestrade raised his hands to interrupt. “I get it. Not a word, Sherlock, I promise.” He smiled.
Just him and Moran now.
“She’s an MP,” Sherlock explained. “But behind the scenes, she carries about as much weight as Mycroft does, except that she’s an elected official. She has a lot of influence and knows a lot of people. Her security clearance is of the highest level, like Mycroft’s, and she operates under a codename:
; and John was already jealous
He jumped violently when the lock clicked open and the door gave way behind him. Sherlock’s right arm quickly snaked around his waist and caught him before he toppled backwards over the threshold. He was holding his keys in one hand. Right. The tall lean body moved in even closer now, manoeuvring them both inside.
Sherlock forced himself to take a breath and just…
Sherlock sighed. “You’re not going to let this go, are you?” It wasn’t really a question.
. It was suddenly as natural as breathing to him (yet not half as boring). Now that Sherlock had acknowledged and identified what it was that plagued him, he knew that this was no simple matter to deal with. No, this was probably the hardest case he’d ever try to solve.
!” John looked up, nearly dropping his cup, flush rising to his cheeks.
“Don’t ask me, it was your dream.”
John was by his side in an instant. “What? How do you know?”
John huffed a laugh as if to ask
“John.”
Mycroft found himself uncharacteristically cheered by this development. He didn’t care that all his prep work had been for nothing. If John Watson was actually in love with Sherlock Holmes, then things in the world couldn’t be as bad as he always thought them to be. He turned back to his work. An hour later, when Anthea brought him another cup of tea and a progress report, he was still smiling faintly to himself.
Sherlock quickly came to his senses and turned. “J-John,” he coughed, his voice croaking. He sat up and wide eyes took in John’s state. He looked at the wound. He didn’t bother with many words.
He spotted the person he was looking for in the crowd and gave him a subtle sign with his hand. On the way, he politely nodded at faint acquaintances as well as perfect strangers when they looked at him with recognition in their eyes. Several small groups of people actually began whispering excitedly when they passed. John noticed it too. “Yep, still famous,” he said to Sherlock in an undertone as another woman leaned over to her husband, no doubt explaining who they were. “It’s going to be hard to keep a low profile like this.”
held out. “Are you
“Look.” She placed a hand on top of his. “I don’t know what you—“
Everything went silent behind him. Sherlock’s body became still and John was suddenly very aware of every last inch of air between them. Finally Sherlock shifted a little on his feet. “It’s fine. Forget it.”
John felt that jolt of satisfaction again: at least Sherlock seemed aware how his absence had wrecked his friend. He would endure the embarrassment of that if it meant that Sherlock felt at least some of the pain he had caused.
“Fuck,” John muttered and sat down by Mary’s side.
“No, I mean it,” she said, and actually shuffled a little closer on the bench. “This isn’t something I’m just deciding on my own.”
“About five years ago,” she said. “We had a job in Tbilisi. Someone knew and—“
Yes. There was a chance they could make it. John trusted him with this, and he trusted John. There was certainty. Well, then, there was really nothing else to it, was there?
Sarah let out a breath, clearly relieved that her question hadn’t made things too awkward. She quirked an eyebrow, looking suddenly curious. “So you haven’t…”
“Nobody does,” he said.
John let out a slow breath, all his energy seeping from his body. He felt exhausted, in pain, and befuddled by finally saying what he’d been meaning to say. He let himself fall back against the cushions, tiredness engulfing him. There was perhaps one more thing on his mind. “Just out of curiosity,” he mumbled tiredly. “If our positions had been reversed… if you’d been the one with the explosives…” he left the question unspoken.
“Ah,” Mycroft said, his face not betraying a thing. “The safe house it is, then.”
Sherlock took a breath, frowning, putting the picture together. Helen’s mother. Arrested the night before. Smuggling operation. Outside help. Someone had taken revenge. And now Helen.
Thank you all for reading and encouraging me along the way. It is much appreciated! Find me on tumblr  (julia-irian) and drop me a message if you like!
Sherlock’s face finally relaxed in the face of such a pathetic display and huffed a laugh. “Come here,” he said, rolling his eyes. He opened up his arm and lifted his coat a little in invitation. John’s brain stumbled incoherently over itself, but his body seemed to be on autopilot due to the cold. He shuffled over and leaned in and let himself be enveloped by the arm and half the coat. He sighed in content.
“Yes.” She took a deep breath. “And he did not tell me. He said that the ambassador contacted someone back at the office about it. She seemed to insinuate that once it was all cleared up, Montgomery would hear the whole story over a bottle of Domaine Dujac.” She smiled sadly. “But they never got the chance.”
A small smirk grew on Mary’s face as she advanced another step. “Don’t worry, he didn’t tell. Though I know you just saw that for yourself. You are rather impressive, I’ll give you that.”
“Those horrible people? Crime scenes? Explosions?”
, he thought a bit grumpily.
“You’ve gotten better at this,” he observed.
He saw Sherlock’s eyes darken. He didn’t say anything, but he stepped closer, lowered his head and began kissing John and didn’t stop until they were sprawled on top of each other once more.
“I hear you’re spending Christmas at the Holmes’s’?”
He felt his arms gently loosened and John taken from him. “He’s been shot,” he informed them, and the woman simply nodded. His mind felt sluggish, crashing after the adrenaline high. The paramedics out John on a stretcher carried him as quickly as they could back to the ambulance, shouting his vital signs and preparing emergency procedures.
John swallowed. It felt a bit discouraging to hear that, but all the same, he continued. “Well… you are actually a good dancer and …” John searched for the right words. “Well, if you ever want to do that again, I promise I’ll shut up,” he quipped.
John smirked. “He was in contact with the Georgian embassy at the time of the attack. Could have had access.”
Even though Sherlock thought nothing could truly surprise him anymore, John managed to do it at every turn. Just by being
“Oh don’t play annoyed,” John said. “You secretly love it.”
"Oh. Good morning," he said. He managed to sound relatively calm, John thought; which was probably due to the fact that he generally felt calmer than he he’d done in weeks. Well, the news were bound to get around eventually.
to hear it!”
“Hmmyees,” Mycroft drawled. “Quite an interesting contrast, the two of us, aren’t we? I’m mostly interested in keeping things secret, whilst my brother revels in elucidating even the most banal pieces of information.”
“How do you know what I want? I hardly know myself,” he said.
“I know,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock looked up quickly to glare at him. But Mycroft couldn’t help it. Perceptiveness ran in their family; as much as he was loath to admit he had anything in common with his little brother. “I don’t want to drag him into unnecessary risks, but I won’t stop him from working with me,” Sherlock said, studying John’s face again. “Moriarty...” he paused. “It would be something to go up against him again. He’s brilliant. A challenge. Thrilling,” he said with fervour.
“But not me?”
When a few more shots rang out, John was so focussed on keeping his head down that he didn’t see the leg sticking out between the aisles until it was too late. He stumbled forward, caught himself badly on his tender shoulder and cried out in surprise. A man jumped up from where he’d been hiding, no doubt slowly creeping up behind the police. John struggled to his feet and immediately saw Sherlock locked in a fierce grapple with the ambusher. This man also held a gun, but was unable to point it at Sherlock. John tried to move around them to get a grip on the man’s neck, but he was too quick and it was difficult to see. The flickering spotlight from the helicopter was casting stark shadows on everything. He heard Lestrade shout their names, but he was too far away and they couldn’t possibly get a clear shot with John and Sherlock in the way. Finally, the man groaned in frustration and threw Sherlock off him with one great push. Sherlock landed with a crash on a bench. The brute rounded on John, raised his arm with the gun and John couldn’t dive out of the way quickly enough, there wasn’t any space to move, and his eyes widened in shock as the man got his bearings—
Sherlock walked to his chair and sat down, watching John. “No,” he said.
, his brain snided.
issues with Freddy,” John added. Sherlock looked at him, twinkling expectantly. “So if these are exactly what we think they are,” he said slowly. “Then the whole point is basically—“
.” John‘s voice sounded very gentle.
“I, uh, could use a little help here,” John stammered in the direction of where he assumed Mrs Hudson to be.
But Lestrade was done with his ranting and had begrudgingly thanked him; and when he saw that that had almost no effect on John whatsoever, he had shut up. And now there was only the relentless pity in his eyes, the knowledge that nothing whatsoever could be said that would make it better. Yes, he definitely wished he was still shouting at him.
. Of all people. Friendly, quiet, sociable John.
“John. I’ve been meaning to ask Helen to marry me for months. But… I wanted to wait until we’d moved in together. I believe in trying out sharing a life before committing, you know? It’s ridiculous, though, we’re great together. I just... well, previous experiences, you know. I don’t like surprises.”
Sherlock sniffed and assessed his body. “From what I can tell, the fresh air seems to aggravate the problem,” he managed. “I feel woozier than in the pub, if that’s at all possible.”
together, looking out at all the
He felt Sherlock smile. “We both do,” he murmured, his voice deep and suggestive, his breath tingling hot on John’s lips.
“Do you have any idea what it’s like… to
Sherlock sighed. “
“I felt so guilty,” she admitted as she pulled back, wiping at her eyes. “And I saw you, and you—“ she shook her head.
“A happy marriage, quiet and based on mutual understanding. But never any crossing of the professional spheres. Oh, except that one time,” he said, leaning forward, studying something in her face that gave him pause. “I’m guessing you never talked about it again, but at the time, you were happy to be a sounding board to your husband, something he probably very much appreciated. You’re an intelligent woman, he could have always confided in you, but there was never any need. Except that one time. When was it?”
And finally, John thought he was beginning to understand the strange changes that he had seen since the hospital. He released his anger with a long breath. And then he smiled at Sherlock. “Yes. I know.”
Mary smirked, but there was something thoughtful crossing her face. John figured that perhaps it was time to stop thinking or talking about his genius flatmate and focus more on his nice, currently uninterrupted date. He tried to push the thought away that perhaps, just a bit, he really wanted it to be interrupted. The tension from running after criminals with Sherlock was definitely preferable to the tension rising from Mary’s rising degrees of
Mary breathed audibly and pursed her lips. “No,” she admitted with gritted teeth. I was going to destroy it and
Just when John thought Sherlock was going to bloody apologize or explain again, and he couldn’t do that, not here in the
what he wanted to do next. But… even though his body was telling him to throw caution to the wind right here and now, he knew that it wasn’t a good idea to try anything where they were. Thoughts and possibilities presented themselves, however, and he unwillingly pressed his lips together. He saw John’s eyes drop down to glance at them, and he was suddenly sure that he wouldn’t stop him if he came any closer. The thought made his chest clench with longing and he blinked to clear his mind.
Sherlock re-filled his coffee and without further preamble, strode towards the sitting room.
Sherlock wanted to interrupt him, but John held out a hand. “I’ll be angry, but I’ll still care. I can’t just switch that off.” He thought for a moment how much he was willing to say for now. But it was after midnight and they were doing this, so John went ahead. “Even if I could, I wouldn’t. You’ve changed my life so much for the better, and if I get shot for my troubles, I still wouldn’t have missed it for the world.”
John left the bed, steadied himself and let out a forceful breath. He picked up his shoes and padded to the door. When he opened it, he froze. Voices drifted over from the sitting room. John opened the door a little wider and listened a moment. The voice was unfamiliar and had a pleading quality to it. In between, John could discern Sherlock’s deep baritone mumble monosyllabic replies. A client, then.
“Time of death,” John said, checking the body again. “Hard to say with so little blood, but I’d say no more than four or five hours ago.”
She laughed a little. “You’re probably right.” She turned back to him. “So what did you want to know?”
But then Sherlock’s breath floated across his ear and the sound made some kind of switch flick and he almost acted on autopilot. He tilted his head just so and felt his way along the skin until his mouth found Sherlock’s.
“Perhaps I should talk to, uh, Mrs Blanchard?” John offered helpfully.
Sherlock nodded once, and the matter was settled.
“I didn’t go home,” he said. “Lestrade brought things for both of us.” He gestured to a small pile on the second nightstand in the room.
Mary’s voice sounded soothing. “John, please try to stay calm. You have a concussion, you know you need to process this one step at a time. Okay? Please tell me you understand what I’m saying.”
Another pause, and Abby chose this moment to whine again. John rubbed her ear again, nodding, as if to say,
He finally turned to John properly. “Oh, I do apologize. John.” He held out a hand. “It’s lovely to finally meet you. I’m Richard, by the way.”
“…Yes?”
“Where do you want these, Margaret?” John’s voice drifted in from the hall. With a jolt, Sherlock’s eyes darted to the clock on the mantle. It had long since become afternoon and he hadn’t spoken to John all day. He had a vague idea that he may have said something to him as he’d sat thinking and working, but he hadn’t registered it. Well, John certainly knew these kinds of moments well enough to bother about it. And yet… Sherlock suddenly realised that
John nodded curtly. They weren’t out of the woods yet. Sherlock understood. He grabbed the unconscious man by his arms and John grabbed his legs. Without speaking, they dragged him over to the bar and Sherlock brandished a pair of handcuffs from one of his pockets. John pulled the other man from earlier over to them and looked up at Sherlock, who quickly cuffed them to a railing together. “I’m not even going to ask,” John muttered. His heart was still beating fast, and a sudden rush of pure feeling escaped their tight hold in John’s chest. He gulped in a pained breath. His soldier mode was definitely failing him. He wasn’t sure whether he was having a delayed panic reaction or whether it was just the emotional tumble of kissing Sherlock—
Sherlock smirked at him. “You don’t have to pretend with me, you know. I know for a fact that you can dance.”
“Problem?” Sherlock pulled out the key card again and swiped it at the door on the landing.
He grabbed his clothes off another chair. “I think I’m ready to go home.”
Inside, Sherlock made straight for the bar. Lestrade welcomed John with a grin. “Nice tackle, Captain,” he said.
“Yes. Tomorrow night, there is a fundraiser at MI5. Well, they call it a fundraiser, but it’s just an excuse for the usual crowd to hang out and enjoy fine wines and dancing. Very small crowd, the high and mighty… and
He had one arm behind his head, a rather sweaty and wonderfully warm John resting on his chest. Sherlock had his other arm around him and played with the hair in his nape.
Sherlock felt a stab of pride and fondness. “You believe me more readily than Lestrade did,” he pointed out.
“So how are you going to deal with it?”
“I’m sorry, it was just the way you said it…” John began, grinning, and then sighed. He turned to face Sherlock again. “Okay. I’m sorry. I’ll try and explain. Here it goes.” He waited for Sherlock to look over. The detective noticed that John wore a more serious expression now.
“So I thought I’d just ask her and see if she would finally understand that it didn’t matter, after all.”
“He came to check on you. He brought some clothes and things and things from the flat.”
Mary snorted. Sherlock’s eyes briefly flittered to her. She looked amused but also highly interested. “It will come out sooner or later,” Sherlock added and noted the slight hardening of Mary’s features.
John let out an incredulous laugh. “You’re joking, right?”
John looked up, sharing a look with him for a moment. And despite everything that had (or hadn’t) happened between them, this was something no one could take away. The thrill of finally picking up the scent, continuing the hunt. The atmosphere seemed oddly ominous and fitting to how they both felt. It eased the knot in his stomach a little, but John slid into the car without a word. Sherlock sighed as he followed. He still had an uphill battle before him if he wanted to fix this.
.” He stepped closer again; too close.
, collecting wood. Looking at John, he suddenly felt as if his chest had expanded to twice its size all. It made him dizzy and he leaned against the door frame for a moment. John stopped, blinked and cocked his head, still holding on to his armful of wood.
. He felt almost sure that the kiss hadn’t just been an ‘experiment’ to Sherlock; the way he’d looked at him in the bar and all of the little moments that followed... but it was all so unclear, he might have imagined things. John knew he was a hopeless romantic, just as he knew that Sherlock would usually never let his guard down so much... Hm. There was a thought. Would it be worth to get his flatmate regularly pissed just to have an excuse make out with him? Hangover versus snogging Sherlock... Yeah, definitely worth it, John thought wryly.
"It's all about compatibility, Sherlock. Believe me, it is one of the greatest surprises of my life that there could be someone out there who not only tolerates you but who'd be willing to be in a relationship with you." Mycroft suddenly sounded as if he gave regular relationship advice in some kind of society rag. Sherlock could only shake his head in disbelief.
The rest was beautiful white noise. John’s heart beat steadily against his own. Everything melted under John’s hands and lips, wrapping them both in a bubble of quiet for the time being.
Moran didn’t even flinch. He gripped Sherlock harder around the waist, so much that Sherlock felt his ribs constrict. Any more and he’d crack one. He cried out in pain. “Stop!” Moran shouted, and Sherlock vaguely glimpsed Mary slip out the French windows and into the night.
“Padlock on the outside, I’m afraid.”
A shot rang out, but John couldn’t quite process it. Two fingers pressed into his throat, at exactly the right spot.
“Oh, like you didn’t know,” Greg sneered with an eye-roll.
caught up with you again?” He leaned against the counter and regarded Sherlock with an amused, indulgent smile.
In the afternoon, Mummy completely banned anyone from entering the kitchen as she began preparing the Christmas dinner. At some point, John asked, somewhat fearfully, how many other family members they were expecting. Father only laughed and said that his wife always cooked for twenty at Christmas, even if it was just the two of them.
A watery laugh bubbled from Molly’s lips. “Probably something rude,” she admitted.
, Sherlock. And it sure as hell isn’t just
. John was still breathing quietly and peacefully next to him. Sherlock looked over and smiled. He brushed the back of his hand gently over the blonde hair, and John made a contented little noise in his sleep. Sherlock let out a little huff, somewhat in disbelief. What a night.
John’s eyes fluttered open with some difficulty. He coughed. “I’m okay,” he said, but his voice sounded pained. Sherlock gently brushed some plaster pieces from his hair and helped him sit up. A trace of blood was trickling into his eyes. Sherlock quickly ran his fingers over John’s forehead, ascertaining the damage. “It’s superficial,” he said, the relief evident in his voice. John touched his forehead and nodded. A piece of glass must have nicked him as it flew past. Nothing dangerous. Sherlock breathed.
“About what?”
The next time John managed to glance at a clock it was already way past 2 AM. Mycroft had passed out in his chair for good now, and Mary’s yawns were severely inhibiting her ability to play, chat and drink. The game had somewhat dwindled into the background, since none of them managed to guess what was stuck to their foreheads and had run out of questions. Things morphed into a strange three-way nonsense conversation in which they talked and laughed about nothing and Sherlock interspersed their chats with weird observations or questions that had nothing to do with anything but he insisted were important for future reference.
Greg didn’t even ask how he knew that. He looked at Sherlock and just shook his head, giving in. “Oh you’re a real bastard, thank you very much. I bet her that you’d… make it
And the whole, mind-boggling day finally made sense. Sherlock had his answer. He was utterly, devastatingly, in love with John.
Huffing, Sherlock checked himself, clamped his mouth shut and pouted into his tea instead. He heard faint voices from downstairs and a groan from the sitting room. Sherlock put his tea down and followed the sound through the connecting door.
Finally, after what seemed like hours, everyone finally excused themselves to go to bed. Margaret, the last to leave, gathered her book and her glasses and turned to John. “Be a dear and turn the music off when you go to bed,” she pointed at the shelf. “Good Night, John.”
The door opened and Sherlock let himself in. He paused in his tracks immediately. “Mary,” he greeted.
Sherlock blinked a few times, clearing his vision, and realised after a moment that he had turned around and was now looking at John. His hands had begun coaxing different melodies of the violin, the song becoming something forlorn and full of yearning. Sherlock rolled his eyes at the sentimentality of it all and abruptly put the violin aside.
Sherlock swallowed heavily. “John. If there was any other way—“
Mycroft discarded some ash on the driveway. His voice was amused, yet carefully distant. “Well.” He huffed out something that might have been a laugh. “I was simply wondering when you’re planning to put John out of his misery. The poor man can hardly do anything anymore without thinking of you. I saw him earlier and, well… he practically
, have I. And that’s just the women.”
Sherlock blinked and slowly relaxed to sit more comfortably. “No,” he said carefully.
me. Did I never tell you about this?” John leaned forward in his chair. “He
When they reached the stairs, he took the first step, but Sherlock didn’t immediately follow. John turned around to tug him onwards, and was startled to find Sherlock a lot closer than he’d thought. John’s arms shot forward and held on to his shoulders immediately to top him from overbalancing again. His ridiculously tall friend was standing right next to the first step, now suddenly on eye level with him. It certainly gave things a new perspective, John thought as warmth bloomed in his cheeks.
“And we will protect you, Helen. We will do whatever is in our power,” he said, sounding sure. He knew that Mycroft must be on Moriarty’s tail by now, and he had guessed that that’s why Sherlock had given it a rest so far. They hadn’t spoken about it, but he trusted him implicitly and that was enough.
He sat up straighter. He immediately thought of Sherlock. “Why don’t you come in?”
“Probably not.” Sherlock shuffled back around just as they both heard the rattle of a door from upstairs. John stepped forward to listen. Footsteps were coming closer, and a light shone through the crack under the door.
. The closeness seemed familiar, as if it was nothing new. His body fitted itself into this intimacy as if it had never been different. Perhaps it had been a long time in coming.
“Glad you’re catching on,” John smirked.
“I deduced. Moriarty must have provided it.” He exchanged a look with John, who nodded.
John awoke with the soft, sweetly reminiscent pain in his limbs of another night spent with making up for all the unnecessary restraint they’d shown during the weeks before. He revelled in the smell and feel of Sherlock’s bed – especially because of certain vivid memories of Sherlock in it. He felt another stab of arousal when he remembered how Sherlock had woken him ridiculously early by half kissing and half touching him everywhere, seeming mostly asleep himself. John would have never thought so, but it made sense that Sherlock pursued loving him with the same relentless energy and single-mindedness as everything else, especially at the expense of sleep. He had grumbled a little at being awoken but quickly stopped complaining and let his mind go blissfully blank as he abandoned himself to this new discovery. A sleepy, pliant Sherlock was not something he could ever refuse.
“Oh?” He felt his heart sink a little. That sentence was never followed by anything good, ever.
“John? John!” Mrs. Hudson tried again. She sounded a little worried but mostly exasperated. “Sherlock! Come on, boys,” she insisted.
He handed John the studs. “You know how to…?”
“Shut up, I know all that,” he said, smirking. He remembered that Sherlock’s first words to him when they met had been a list of things that were supposedly ‘the worst’ about him, things that might prevent John from wanting to live with him. He’d been so confident with his list, confusing the hell out of one very unprepared army doctor; John would have never believed then that he would be the one to unsettle that confidence one day, to make Sherlock sound as he did now, trying to explain his perceived inadequacies.
. I just put us on the guest list,” Sherlock announced, as if he’d simply booked tickets to the theatre.
If at all possible, Sherlock’s eyes darkened even more at his words, and John understood, because the thought of just letting go and letting himself take him and knowing he wouldn’t stop him was making him delirious with want. But the last bit of reason clawed his way back to the surface of his thoughts and it was as painful as seeing Sherlock draw back, dropping his hand, swallowing heavily; the decision was underscored by the sounds of weapon fire and shouting from above them. Sherlock blinked and shook himself a little. With anyone else, John might have been afraid that his rejection might be taken badly, make things awkward; but Sherlock had probably deduced the depth of his feelings quite thoroughly at this point and didn’t seem as ashamed of his own openness as John had feared. He nodded, letting out a breath, his eyes coming back into focus, a grim determination on his face.
He finished putting on the suit and as he buttoned the dinner jacket, he regarded himself in the mirror. The shirt, trousers, vest and jacket fit like a dream. He had never owned tailored clothing before, and he realised that Sherlock probably wore nothing but that sort of stuff. No wonder he always looked like a sculpture.
Sherlock looked affronted. “What do you mean—“
However, this was where Sherlock hit the first snag: Lowered inhibitions meant that John had been less than clear-minded about going along with the experiment. Sherlock had taken advantage of it, naturally. He felt no guilt at the thought – John had
John pressed his back against one of the larger trees. His breath came out in foggy huffs, his chest heaving in pain, sucking in the icy air. He thought he’d made it as far as he could without Moran spotting him. His ankle was throbbing painfully; he’d probably sprained it when he fell. Ahead of him, he thought he could see the silhouette of their SUV, a black blur between the trees, obscured by fog. If he could make it there, he’d have proper cover, for one, and perhaps Sherlock had stashed another weapon in it? He usually thought of everything. But where was he? He clenched his hand that was now growing cold, not daring to look around the tree. Suddenly, a second shot rang out and he heard Mary yell—
With each blinking of the traffic lights and the regular hum of the cars going past, he slowly calmed down. His breathing evened out and he was left feeling winded as if he’d been punched in the gut. The weight of the danger had lifted and he could breathe again, but like when he’d been grieving Sherlock, there was an emptiness following in the wake of the panic that gnawed at him.
“Oh no,” Mycroft waved away the idea in a gesture reminiscent of his brother. “I was expecting it one of these days, really. Nothing like an exploding building to bring two people together, am I right?”
“Hm,” Sherlock made, narrowing his eyes at him. “Are you saying that I need to write about you in my blog?”
“I think it might be a good idea to leave town for a little while, Martha,” Sherlock said quietly, and saw her soften ever so slightly at the use of her given name. It was oddly comforting.
“I’ve got, er, to get back to the Yard anyway. I’ll come back later.”
“About what you said last night. This is exactly my point. You’re… very important to me, and I’m afraid of something like the pool happening again. And if it does, and I’m there, then I will always—” he swallowed heavily and glared at Sherlock to get his point across. “—always try to jump in front of a bullet, or get myself blown up with the bad guy, or whatever it takes, to get you out. Trust me, nothing you can say, even if you try and make me angry at you, will change my mind on this. All right?”
John glanced around and saw them shoot longing looks across the pub to their table. He sighed. Sherlock was explaining something to Greg, who currently looked torn between amusement and bewilderment. His friend’s expression was aloof and he was clearly enjoying himself. Suddenly, he looked up and caught John’s eyes. A small smile formed on his lips before he looked back at Lestrade.
“Mycroft said reconnaissance; nothing more, Sherlock,” Mary admonished.
“The… you… he laughed and everything!” Sherlock managed a few uncoordinated gestures.
“Don’t,” Sherlock rolled his eyes in an overly exaggerated manner. “Tedious, most of it.” He began slowly threading in the cufflink through the buttonholes. Their hands brushed and John tried very hard to concentrate on something over Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock suddenly got up and offered to make them tea.
“You don’t sound very surprised. Did Sherlock…?” She looked over to the detective, who was still sitting quietly in his chair, watching them both. John felt a distinct sense of whiplash. Moments ago, he and Sherlock had nearly… well, something had been ready to happen, and now he was sitting here, being a doctor and very, very tired.
…?” he exclaimed. “Oh, I could have guessed that one!”
get up. John found it endearing and endlessly amusing – it was these little unique things that made life at Baker Street so delightfully out of the ordinary. Sherlock's face softened in a way John had slowly come to recognize was only for him. He smiled back happily as Sherlock wordlessly handed him a cup. It was such a domestic scene, he wondered how either of them would have reacted a few months ago if anyone had told them this would happen.
. On the other hand, Sherlock knew he was self-indulgent enough to give in to his own whims any moment; shooting the wall because he was bored – kissing John because he felt aroused… what’s the difference? But… the wall couldn’t just up and leave. What if things became complicated and John would leave? That would be… unacceptable. Sherlock sighed and added ‘
The one thing to do, they’d agreed, was to solve the bloody case already, so they could all go home. John didn’t really want to think too much about the current state of his home and what came after the case, so he focussed his efforts on what he could do here and now. Unfortunately, that meant the painstaking examination of every single communications log from a certain time period five years ago. On the plus side, he didn’t have to do it alone.
Sherlock didn’t feel guilty about Mycroft and Lestrade digging him out of a drug den, or about Mrs Hudson cleaning up his mess or about insulting people or throwing them out – he was not accountable to them and he never asked anyone to take care of him. But John, somehow, was different. It only added to the growing pile of very worrying details in his mind.
Sherlock began working on the computer, scoffing at the simplicity of guessing someone’s password and taking it from there – as usual. John began methodically looking through the cabinet. The office around him was silent except for the slight humming of the computer. Sherlock was sitting straight, fingers flying over the keyboard, clad in his ridiculously well-fitted dinner suit. Illuminated by the blueish light from the monitor, he almost looked otherworldly.
The other part of his brain saw fit to remind him that it was nice seeing John smile and be happy and seeing as that, for some reason, made Sherlock feel better, perhaps he should include this in his reasoning in the future. It was certainly something to consider. Perhaps it should go on the shelf with all the other things he’d recently parked there for further consideration, such as his newfound fascination with another man’s lips.
“No. Just. No,” John quickly interrupted. “Listen. You need to stop... this.”
John’s lips twitched in a contemplative smile. “No,” he whispered. “I think this is something completely different.”
John typed a quick reply.
He felt John’s steps falter a bit and he noticed he had involuntarily put his arm around him. But John didn’t say anything, he just smiled; so Sherlock left his arm where it was and tightened it a little, hoping to get some warmth into John. Together they made their way back to the street to look for a taxi.
Sherlock sounded incredibly miffed. It would have been funny under different circumstances. “He can gloat about rescuing us all he likes if he gets us out of this one, though,” John said.
When Sherlock hit the bed, he dropped down to sit and pulled John closer. For a moment, Sherlock’s curls brushed against his stomach and suddenly his nimble fingers got to work on his belt. John could feel the heat tightening within and felt himself getting harder. “Sherlock,” he stuttered, “maybe this is a bit—“
“It certainly isn’t,” Sherlock told the window. He was suddenly glad to be still in pyjamas and a dressing gown. He certainly wouldn’t have bothered to get dressed just for Mycroft.
He shifted in Sherlock’s arms and leaned back to look at him. He gave Sherlock a small smile and Sherlock returned it. “Let’s go home then.”
After a short, blissful eternity during which Sherlock must have forgotten to breathe, John slowly broke away. Sherlock let his head roll back on the pillow, staring at the ceiling, trying to breathe normally again. He still did not release the arm around John, who only shuffled a little closer to him. With the shift of the body, Sherlock found he could feel
Mycroft had surely been about to make another snide remark, but he was cut off when the front door was opened rather abruptly behind them. Mycroft winced and they spun around.
“Thank you,” Mary said and it sounded like it actually came from the heart. John realised that Sherlock was probably very annoyed at her being there. He usually threw people out without a second glance.
other person, period. But John was one of the few people he
John swallowed again and felt a certain lightness invade his belly. This was the closest in days they’d come to actually discussing what had happened. He wondered how far Sherlock had played out the scene in his head.
They heard scraps of what Sherlock said, and saw the astonished gasps of the not-yet-couple. Sherlock leaned down a little and neatly pointed out certain tells of both of them, deducing that they’d both been considering holding hands, but for some stupid reason, weren’t currently doing that. Additionally, Sherlock made several remarks about their similar tastes and opinions in life and how they would work quite well together. Finally, he noted how the man had been admiring the woman’s long, auburn hair all night and questioned why he hadn’t told her yet; and how the woman really liked his scent, the way she kept leaning toward him, and suggested they move their chairs closer together for ease of exploring those notions.
Mary cocked her head, giving him a sardonic smile. “I may choose not to answer it, but you can certainly ask,” she said drily.
At some point, Mycroft showed up and quietly informed him of the state of things. It also seemed like a convenient excuse for checking on John. Mycroft probably felt at least partially responsible for his predicament and Sherlock got some grim satisfaction from that. As to the ‘case’, the injured man was recovering and under guard; Mary had given a statement that maintained that she had fought her assailant for control of the gun and had gotten the upper hand, shooting him in self-defence. From the way she’d been standing over the slumped man and judging by his wounds, Sherlock had to concede that that was true. As to her assertions that she’d never seen either of the mercenaries before in her life, Sherlock was less sure. In fact, he was almost certain she was lying, but would have to speak to her to confirm his suspicions. He sat up the rest of the night, pondering the situation.
, he reminded himself.
Sherlock heard John’s rhythmic breathing next to him, his mind beating a refrain of
“If you have any to spare, I’d be much obliged.”
“Some things have to happen like that,” John said seriously. Lestrade nodded and raised his hands. “Okay, okay, tha’s right. I was a bit mean earlier. Sometimes you gotta make these mistakes – otherwise you never learn from them.” John and he shared a look that spoke of past experiences, with Sherlock narrowing his eyes at them suspiciously.
, he thought.
Mycroft shrugged. “Plenty of people with camera phones,” he drawled. “Not really something we can prevent on these functions.”
He cleared his throat. “Anyway, I could have easily removed that IV drip for you.”
Sherlock thought about when he was a teenager. He’d been on his own most of the time. An angry and proud boy that had once or twice gotten a beating from some unpleasant people for pointing out their idiocies. In stark contrast to now, there had been no John to follow him around. Being a teenager had, all in all, been tedious and dull and he’d deleted most of it by now. He raised his eyebrows, hoping John could see his exasperated expression even in the dim. “No, I really don’t, I’m afraid,” he said honestly.
