Sara Rogers had worn them around her neck every day that Bucky had known her. His own mother had worn similar ones, though hers had been silver. It was tradition in their tribe, and for many Rom, that when a man was to take a bride he took his earthly wealth and flattened the coins to make jewelry, which once given to his bride would let the entire world know she was a married woman. Treasure beyond treasure.
“Tony, I wish you wouldn’t say things like that!” she cried suddenly, her voice echoing sharply in the otherwise silent hall. She wouldn’t look at him, but Tony noticed that one hand gripped one wrist in a white knuckled grip. Standing solemnly at the foot of the stairs with her jaw set and her fierce gaze pointed upward she reminded him suddenly of a painting that hung in the east chapel at the abbey. It was a rendition of the Madonna playing interceder, stepping before the heavenly throne on behalf of the condemned as they clutched at her skirts. Tony had always loved that painting but seeing that same fierce tortured burn in the eyes of this little girl was going to break his heart.
"Relax lieutenant. Children play games. Don't you have children?" Maria recognized Tony's voice drawing closer to the place where they hid and she shrank, looking worriedly at Artur who put a finger to his lips and shushed her.
“Give me a reason not to throw you out tonight."
thing he was good for, well… there was supposed to be a drink for everything.
“What's it say, father?’ Natacha was peering at him, sitting up in her chair in hopes of reading the letter upside down, or he assumed that's what she was doing, he wasn’t sure. Girls that age had all sorts of strange practices.
“You’d think he just popped up outta the ground or something. Like a daisy.” Bucky muttered and the chuckling intensified.
“Beutlin is a retired academic who devotes most of his time to the translation of texts written in dead languages.”
And maybe some of the uncles would have rejected Steve’s children the way they’d rejected Steve for taking after his gaje father, but as far as Bucky was concerned they were Rom.
Tony shrugged. Now that full wakefulness had returned, he could only think of what the baroness had dropped on him the night before.  Stefen was engaged to be married. Which meant that even if - when, he amended forcefully within his own thoughts. When Stefen returned from the war he would have a wife to run his house and mind his children, and more pressingly on Tony’s mind at the moment, to warm his bed at night.
"God have mercy," Bruce gaped in awe, slowly rising behind Tony and staring at the sight with a dropped jaw. “What did you throw at them, a grenade?"
Thor’s English mother in particular desired to keep their ties with England close.
“And what did you say to that?”
Tony expected it when Péter looked excited but it was James who lit up like someone had declared Christmas was coming twice that year.
"The party is not really about me, Tony. It's about making a statement. I know that. It's alright."
And where did that leave any of them?
"Alright Lang. Go fill her up." The man replied briskly, jerking his blunt nose in the direction of the station. Tony didn't waste time wrapping up the back of the truck, doing his very best to ignore the disappointed groans of the men. His heart squeezed in his chest when he had to collect the heat lamp a group of prisoners had collected around. A few of them were just boys, barely twenty by Tony's reckoning, though it was hard to tell with their shaved heads and thinness. He was tempted to leave it with them, but it would only be taken away by one of the Gestapo, and it was a long drive up to the cabin. Tony couldn't leave the children with only damp blankets and burlap sacks to keep warm.
You can find the poll  >>
Tony honestly had no idea, as Charlotte had taken over putting things together, but before he could say so, Joshua scoffed.
Uncle Bucky’s jacket wasn't as smooth as it normally was and Ian knew that meant he’d taken his money out of the bank and hidden it in the lining of his jacket. Uncle Bucky had shown him that trick when he was seven and warned him never to trust somebody else with his fortune.
“For her. I want her to have it. Every little girl needs a friend to look out for her.” He explained, growing more confidant with each word as the little girl peeked out from behind her mother and looked up at him with awe.
"About the edelweiss?"
He turned briskly to Steve. “Captain. Anything else?”
“He made it a little house… out of sticks. I think Maria was jealous because she kicked it over.”
He couldn’t let him go. But Tony was right, he needed to protect his family. The Jews, his
At worst, Stefen could be killed in the attempt or found out and then killed, Tony thought, stirring the dark brew in his cup and staring into its depths.
Tony was
“They should already know how to shoot.” was Bucky’s stilted response when Tony remarked on this.
Huh. Bucky searched his face as if the clues to his change of heart could be etched there, despite the openness of Steve’s expression he found nothing forthcoming. He wasn’t a hundred percent certain what had brought it on but he was sure now that Steve really was serious about the decision.
“You’re blatantly missing my point. “ She tapped the cover where the brave young Captain was depicted facing off against a pair of soldiers while guarding a frightened woman. “Since the issues started coming everyone in the network has wondered who the artist is. Stefen, I think you are the last man on earth who can lecture me on martyrdom. I know that I can’t stop you, and I’m not sure I’d try if I could. ”
Clenching his fists, Ian turned away from them both in order to hide the tears he was wasn’t successful at biting back. And then a sudden knock came, causing Ian to jerk and wince violently at the unexpected sound.
“Hughard was a wealthy man with national connections and plenty of clout. He could have sent you anywhere with anyone and he sent you to Salzburg, with a Jewish professor for protection. You never wondered why?”
His whole body tightened his mind snapping clear with the threat of danger and becoming singularly focused. The enemy had come. The faces of a thousand monsters replaced those of his children. Doctors with gleaming eyes, grinning guards. Schmidt. They’d kill him, but not if he killed them first. He would rip their flesh clean off their bones, until there was nothing left. He’d survive. The footsteps came closer and he tightened his fists, tensing in preparation. He’d kill. He’d survive. He’d save them. He’d promised.
“I don’t think chickens sweat Tony.”
to see his chest bared like this. The fine hair dusting its way down his naval and disappearing into his slacks tantalizing in a way that made his mouth go dry, and Steve feel uncomfortably obscene.
Ian noticed he’d drawn in the margins with pictures of birds and other animals. Artur was getting quite good at his little drawings.
“She’s hurt. I’m trying to help.”
“Fine but I want uncle Bucky to help me then!” James declared already pushing his brother away. Ian looked embarrassed. “Ian can help Péter.”
. No imagination. Always depending on what was in front of them and not what could be. “The metal I developed is strong and lightweight. Why not use that?” he smirked, enjoying drawing out the other man’s discomfort.
Another sharp knock came from the door, this time less forgiving.
“What is that?”
He hoped - god how he hoped - that Bucky would figure out a way to get himself and Stefen back to them, but that might not happen. It looked less and less likely every day that went by without news.
“Thank you, Natacha, but that was not helpful,” Tony groused and Natacha glared at him.
A sane man knowing that Werner had just come from an interview with someone who had likely ratted him out as a rebel, and that Werner was directly tied to the authorities, would have kept his head down.
head looking for all the world as relaxed as you please.
“Who is that boy?” he asked, nodding toward Emil. And then as an afterthought, “where the hell is your brother?”
“God.” Steve released the breath he’d been holding harshly, turning his hand to grip Tony’s. “Tony you could have…”
“Jesus, Steve, he’s with Harry. Calm down.” Bucky ordered him, placing a hand on Natacha’s arm as she began to shrink beneath Steve’s stare. He was giving Steve a look like he’d lost his mind. “Péter’s old enough to take care of himself. Why are you shouting at her?”
If looters were shot trying to strip the empty homes the Jews had left behind them, it was because they were stealing government property.
Maria squealed suddenly and Tony opened one eye. The children had spread out some but continued to blink at each other like surprised fish. Only Artur had made any move to play, unfortunately this meant he’d shared one look with Maria before she was shrieking and running away from her brothers out stretched arms.
Tony knew it was all for the sake of a ruse, for the convenient excuse that a marriage would give the family to travel, but the notion of Stefen going through with marrying the baroness still left a bitter taste in Tony’s mouth. He tried to keep his petty jealousies out of it as he pointed out what seemed obvious to him.
Tony admired the woman’s ability to deliver such a scathing set down behind neatly packaged politeness. He nodded in deference but did not apologize for the misstep. Pepper’s loyalty to her employer was admirable but something had clearly been
“Then don’t fight me. I told you I would make my own choices,” Tony reminded him, gentling his tone to something more soothing, more persuasive as he found himself imploring once more. “I’m going to do everything in my power to protect you and the children. That’s just the way it is. It seems to me since our goals are so well matched, you’d be better served letting me help instead of trying to argue.”
“There’s a war on.” Stefen refuted, not looking at him and Tony laid a hand on his arm and squeezed until those eyes, so busy tracking every passerby, found his and stuck.
“I was born in Austria myself Major Rogers. You’ve been a fascination of mine for many years and a subject of much study.”
“Right now the resistance effort is an unorganized shambles. We have to unify and we need a way of getting messages out and sharing news Bucky,” Steve returned to the same argument they’d been having since Steve had come up with the idea.
Scowling Bucky took another drag, giving up on finding any sort of peace with the idea.
Frowning, Tony called for the boy’s attention and patted the empty seat next to him (Artur having claimed a spot on his father’s lap some time ago). Silently Ian crossed the isle and gingerly took the seat offered to him. His shoulders were still slumped but the tension in them eased somewhat when Tony wrapped an arm around him.
It was just as well. James was scuttling towards them excitedly. They’d caught sight of the carpenter’s shop.
"I remember my first train ride. I was beside myself. This one is faster, class one engine. You can tell by the sound."
Tony sighed after a long moment and turned back towards the house, resolved once more to let what would be, simply be.
The man insisted he needed to see papers of identification from all parties, even though it was grandfather’s name on the account. But when Tony resisted presenting his they were told in no uncertain terms that they could either comply with the request or be on their way.
“No. That’s not something you need to worry about right now.”
“There you are!” Stefen trotted toward them, all energy, effectively stopping what was sure to be yet another collision of wills (and a boring one at that) between himself and Hammer. “Ton-Stark, I need you to- what are you doing?”
they!
Still, conflicted as she felt there was some little voice in the back of her head that sighed. It had been nice to pretend, even for a moment.
“We never had the money to send him for private lessons.”
"I need a sharp shot out there. My good arm is bumb so I'm better driving." Bucky wiggled his injured limb just the slightest bit for emphasis and Tony frowned, unsure if Bucky was being completely honest about that.
“Isn’t gambling a sin?” she questioned pointedly and he grinned. He turned to the three silent boys in the doorway who were doing their best to look as if they hadn’t come running into the room with their tails between their legs and unsure of what to do next. Tony waved them over.
“Tony! How come Ian gets to sing a solo at the Christmas Pageant?” Artur whined from the back seat of the car. They were loading up to make their way into the city to practice with Nigel Frank for their recital. The mood in the schoolroom that morning had been dark and glum, the way that it had been every day since discovering that Péter and the Klein brothers had run away in the night. Artur and the two youngest didn’t quite understand what was so bad about Péter having gone to Poland, only that he’d left without telling anybody when he was supposed to go back to school and it had upset their father.
Tony had expected the younger ones to be lacking and there had been no surprises there. Sara was still perfecting regular motor skills after all. Ian and James had seemed eager enough at the idea when it had initially been voiced so Tony had assumed that James had stayed on shore in order to replace his uncle's shadow.
Fil promised that Antony would receive an appropriately harsh assignment for his trespasses and Tiberius seemed to accept that, sweeping away in a dignified and well-practiced swirl of robes and Nik rolled his eyes heavenward.
“Fair enough. But I’m also not a monk.” It felt brittle stretching his face, but the urge to smile felt natural and Steve tried his best to accommodate it.
It could be worse he consoled himself. They could have taken the whole damn platoon.
Franz paled and opened his mouth – but whatever he would have said in response just became an aborted grunt as his eyes rolled to the back of his head and he crumpled to the ground. Steve stood over him, the butt of the rifle still hovering in mid-air.
“I wouldn’t pinch
“Whoa, steady now.” Tony reached out to prevent the boy from falling, but the top of his folded pile teetered sending the bright red cloth spilling onto the floor. Tony knelt to pick up the fabric but paused once he had it in his hands and saw that it was a banner. A big, bright bold bolt of cloth, red with a large black swastika in the center.
The challenge was to create an antenna powerful enough to broadcast waves at high enough frequency to reach London, but on a miniature scale. Funnily enough it was the miniature part that was the most challenging aspect of the whole ordeal. That and he could only work at night after most of the staff had gone and the children put to bed, so he was stuck with working under lamp light and straining his eyes.
“Julia, said you were acting funny. You alright to walk?” A heavy hand landed on his back, and Steve felt it like his skin was trying to leap off his bones.
“Let me go and get James.” He suggested, coming to a decision and Péter smiled, nodding in understanding.
~*~*~~*
“Share the water and bring us round; Rom are to the atchin’-tan bound.” he murmured softly, thinking deeply as he struggled to recall the old chant Catalina had taught his Ma, to draw the members of the familia together again. “Merry we’ll meet and merry we’ll part. Merry will be the company found.”
The future was uncertain now, but some things should stay the same – like celebrating with your loved ones on Christmas and holding them close to you while you still had the chance to do it. Charlotte had been making noise about having a small gathering, to keep up appearances and stifle the rumors circulating after their disastrous trip to the Berghof, all of which would naturally be blamed on the horrible illness that had struck him so unexpectedly. Tony knew it was dangerous to overestimate just how much defiance the Wehrmacht would tolerate from their pet hero, but since Stefen’s shockingly close brush with death, the captain seemed to have turned a corner in his mind where it ceased to matter how the Reich felt or what they would do. Grimly, Tony thought that the reason behind it was that it had finally sunk in that Stefen was going to lose. There was no scenario where good prevailed and the Nazi regime crumbled without touching his family.
Oh boy. Tony was just in the middle of choking down another bite of stew as he failed to master eating and laughing at the same time when Natacha thankfully jumped in to save the conversation.
"But what about dinner?" James immediately protested, red head popping up from the floor. Stefen's weary blue eyes rested on him just long enough to answer.
“Driver
He glanced down at the sketch of a young boy being lowered into the fiery depths of a volcano. In the next panel the boy's mother was pleading with the adventurer Stefen had created to feature as his title character in the series. He nodded.
"It should make me feel better hearing that from a man of God. Shouldn't it?" She chuckled under her breath, admitting wryly before she turned away, “Then again. I never found much comfort in religion."
The Corporal slowed and saluted, then called out over the noise, “Major. General Schmidt requests your presence, Sir."
“Hiding?”
A tear rolled down his cheek and onto his palm. James blinked furiously and shook it away. He lay there staring at the wall glaring at it, glad no one had seen him crying like a baby. He flinched when a hand touched his back, smoothing out and rubbing gently like a mother would her child. Like his mother used to do.
"Please. I just need to know if - " he began, but Coulson's eyes narrowed on him and is voice was hard and brooked no room for argument as he spoke over him.
“Maybe you’re right. For a child. But not for me.” Stefen replied, and damn him for looking so earnest about it as he leaned all the closer, their noses nearly touching now. “I’ll carry you to your bed every night, spoon feed you even. If that’s what it takes.”
"Where were you Tacha?" He hadn't meant it to sound accusatory, but it must have, because she flinched, and then her eyes were cutting into him sharply with censure.
He caught Steve’s eye and for a moment they shared a moment of commiseration. It didn’t need to be said. They would need far more men than they currently had in Czechoslovakia if they were to bring it fully under Reich control and staunch the rebellion.
“Will the snow start melting soon do you think?” James would like to have the sled perfect before they used it, but it was okay if they had to wait until spring came to finish it. Building was not about how fast something happened, but about what you wanted to happen. James liked that about it. When he was building things, he could do it his own way at his own pace. And Tony was always happy to see the things he’d made. James might have liked that part most of all. He didn’t need Tony to like the things he made of course; James didn’t need anybody but himself. But it was nice.
A woman like her should never have to be alone, Deiter thought as beside him, the baroness shifted again on her seat, the lines around her mouth tightening once more in discomfort.
Steve gave a sharp nod, focusing all his attention on the ice and his methodical consumption of it.
“There wasn’t much left after the boys had their turn. I had to steal the pitcher away from James.” With a prim press of her lips, ruined slightly by the way her tongue darted out to chase the sweet droplets on her lips, Natacha sighed. “Frou Hogan should really talk to father about his temper. James is too old to be behaving that way. Even Artur doesn’t throw so many tantrums.”
“I am looking for To-”
“And you are Sara,” he acknowledged and the little girl nodded, blond bangs flopping as she held up three chubby fingers. Tony widened his eyes as if shocked and gasped, “and you’re three! Practically a lady. I was expecting cribs full of babies, how lucky of me to have such a grown up young lady to talk to instead. I’ll admit I’ve never done this sort of thing before-”
“You’ll remember to be careful Herr Stark, and that Natacha must not over exert herself.”
“Grig, is everything alright?” Antonia was already halfway out of her seat by the time Tony’s cousin got to the table. Grig spared his mother a reassuring glance and patted her arm, but his tone was grim as he announced to the room at large, “I’ve heard from my friend Carlo, the police are organizing a roundup. Everyone will need to be careful. The streets will be dangerous for a while.”
"Oh, wait major I -" Nigel stopped short, blinking rather dazedly up at him. Thankfully at that moment Artur did decide to call Steve from across the lawn.
“Good, thank god, you had the right idea.”
“We should call it ‘The Soldier’, and I want to paint a star on it. Red! Red is the best color.” James suggested eagerly, thinking of the sled Tony had taught them to build. It had taken time to get all the right materials and to prepare the wood. They could have just made the whole thing from wood, but iron was more resilient and went faster downhill because it was heavier.
“He went into the police, didn’t he?”
Stefen smiled tightly at him, ignoring the underlining suspicion in the remark.
) if not for Virginia – drawn by the shouting – inserting herself between them.
They spent the interim ‘recapturing their youth’ as Bucky put it, moving from one coffeehouse to the next, one smoke club to another. Bucky seemed to take it upon himself to introduce Steve to every singer, dancer, and socialite he knew, and Steve was sure he made a complete fool of himself not knowing what to say or where to look when Bucky’s pretty birds were fawning all over him.
He looked over at the line of SS officers because he could feel Schmidt's eyes on him. Gleeful. Daring. How long till his heart gave out like the others? The sun was peeking over the horizon now, dawning for another day, but Steve’s body was still flush with heat. Sweat dripped into his eyes. His heart pound heavily in his ears.
Tony noticed that while the children’s eyes had widened and the Captain looked flummoxed, that Sam’s dark mouth had split into a wide grin, the gardener throwing back his head and laughing.
He ordered a drink at the bar and watched Scott out of the corner of his eye, impatiently tapping his fingers against the varnished wood of the bar until, after what felt like hours, Scott thunked his empty glass down and slid off of his stool, heading toward the back door.
“Knock it off, Buck!”
“Do you have my bag?” Tony asked, the tension in his stomach easing somewhat now that they were well away, with no sign of pursuit. Grig nodded, leaning down and reaching toward the floor to come back up a moment later with a plain satchel in hand.
Dvořák leaned back in his chair again and raised an eyebrow. The talk back was unusual. Becker usually kept his ideas to himself, aware of their unpopularity within the Reich. This was not the time to be getting sloppy.
The heaviness of that kind of wait was too much for a child to bear in silence. Tony knew because it was too much for
She didn’t say it, but they all heard it just the same.
But when he wasn’t wincing at the beating the bikes were getting Tony’s smile was beaming. This was far more like it. This was how children should be: messy and excited (innocent) and not somber eyed and buttoned up in uniforms for causes they had no hope of truly comprehending.
The thought didn’t sit well. But then again, Tony thought as he glanced out over the double row of small heads bent over their notebooks. Rogers had entrusted him already with far more. Perhaps it was as simple as that.
"Ring for the tailor. You know the number."
When Harold had paused a second to throw a questioning glance at Péter, Tony could have screamed.
“Well?” Steve prompted impatiently. “What did she say about-”
“They should have killed him,” Steve stated confidently. He’d have killed anyone who hurt one of his children in such a way without an ounce of regret. “What sort of man beats a child until he bleeds?”
“Gentleman,” he saluted smartly.
“I better go,” Natacha said with a note of resignation, and Cate squeezed her hand and whispered something quick in her ear before dashing off.  Natacha walked slowly stopping just in front of Tony. He didn’t keep her waiting. Snagging her by the elbow, he pulled her back inside the hotel, ignoring the stares of the occasional maid they met as he searched for the nearest washroom.  When he found a lady’s room he all but shoved her inside it, demanding that she wash her face and not come back out until she was decent.
“Zvekan!” Bucky cursed softly, some of the anger slipping from his voice, “let me get a good look at you.” He tilted Steve’s head and inspected the fading work of General Schmidt's men. Steve let him because the bite of Bucky's finger against his chin was as grounding as it had always been.
“You learned from me, who learned from your uncle Buck and he was not a good swimmer to begin with.” Stefan’s smile was soft as he said.
The Union of Italian Jewish communities in Rome, had established the main office for the Delegation for the Assistance of Jewish Emigrants in Genoa. President Dante Almansi, the Vice-chief of Italian Police (Racial Laws selectively ignored) had roped the Rabbis within the largest Jewish communities to act as presidents over select regions. Together, using funds donated nationally as well as internationally, they had begun a duel program of providing aid to Jewish families and assisting them with immigration.
While the man's scrutiny and frosty reception where Tony himself was concerned wasn't always pleasant, Bakhuizen cared so deeply about Stefen it was evident in almost everything he did.
“Natacha...” he tried to warn as the train finished rolling to a stop with a painful shrieking of wheels and he flinched.
“Perhaps now is a good time to discuss your decision to turn my attic into a radio station?”
And then they sang of fall. Of trees turning their colors and cold setting in. Of soldiers leaving home and lovers separated across great distances.
Schmidt clucked disapprovingly.
“Daydreams mostly. What I want you to see is in the back, behind the marker.” Tony answered and Steve gaped, because these were Tony’s
Charlotte stepped back from the door, not wanting to be caught like a child listening at the keyhole. He heart was racing like a mad thing in her chest but she raised her head high as her bedroom door burst open. In swept not the police but Virginia Hogan, still in her coat and gloves, her cheeks wind chaffed and her hat eschew. Charlotte sagged a little, releasing a slow quiet breath of relief.
(See the end of the chapter for
The pistol was in his suitcase, which Clint still had Tony thought wildly even as Bucky ordered him sharply to take the wheel. He didn’t give Tony any time to argue about it either, forcing the monk to lurch for it to keep them on the road as he wound his window down and twisted his torso to lean out it, heedless of the bullets whizzing past him to return fire.
“Ah, see there!” Tony latched on to the opening. “And when did you first know you were unclean?”
Certainly Virginia had taken a liking to him and he'd yet to find a better judge of character than her.
“I don’t think so either. She said it didn’t… mom was really kind. She told us stories too, about her and Father and the adventures they had during the war...” Péter trailed off, hands anxiously twisting the comforter and Tony could tell that he was building up to something so he stayed silent, though he took Péter’s hands in his if only to save the poor comforter. “Natacha thinks Father would have agreed with them but I don’t… I don’t think mom would have liked what Bobby and Johann did today Herr Stark. Even if it
"They would be safer in Switzerland. The university in Geneva is still very interested in Péter. The other children could stay together while I continue their schooling-"
The sun had set long ago but the party played on. The lanterns cast a warm glow over the garden, highlighting the roses blooming in everyone’s cheeks. Red noses were going around aplenty but there was enough beer and mulled cider flowing, that nobody seemed to mind at all the loss of the sun or its warmth. Nobody except the Osbornes who had begged off as soon as they saw the mayor and his crowd making their goodbyes. Harry had chosen to stay behind to watch Péter open his gifts.
Charlotte nodded and walked through the door without looking back.
Over at his desk Rogers savagely ripped the paper away balled it up and then tossed it aside, before starting again with a fresh sheet and an intense focus.
Any hope that Tony had of sticking to a normal schedule for the children went out the window as soon as the news spread that they were to leave for Vienna the following day. But it was just as well, because Tony might have underestimated the work involved with packing for himself as well as seven excitable small people for an indefinite amount of time.  There were trunks to haul out from storage, clothing to launder and press, and evenWillamina was kept on her feet boxing snacks and other small treats for their travels (because apparently you just couldn’t trust the food that came out of these big cities).
Natacha paused reaching on the vanity for one of the plain ribbons set off to the side, in order to tie the ends of Maria's hair. When she was finished she smiled at her younger sister and gave her an encouraging pat. She watched Maria grab Sara's waiting hand and run off toward their dinner before looking back up at Tony with the kind of sobriety that had no place on the face of someone so young.
“We all know that Father isn’t going to send for us. So why does he bother pretending.”
“You’re leaving the country?” Coulson turned and looked at Tony and there was a softening in his eyes that reminded Tony of all those times at the abbey when he’d been dragged into Filip’s office for a lecture when Farkas was too busy or too frustrated to deal with him. No mistake, the man could be an evil bastard when it came to thinking up punishing chores, but Tony had always gotten the sense that Brother Coulson was protective towards him. If only because Tony’s wellbeing seemed important to the abbot. Of course, now Tony knew the truth of Farkas’ political entanglements and the deal he’d struck with Hughard. There were a lot of reasons for Farkas to set his watchdog on Tony and all of them were sitting in the bank.
"You made yourself quite clear." Stefen replied after a long beat, and the roughness in his voice sent a shiver up Tony's spine. Right then. So much for laying low and self preserving.
"What? Angry that you presumed I would be willing to be responsible for the lives of seven children not my own, while you are gone for- what a year, two, three or four?" Tony growled and Stefen's nostrils flared, his brows arching minutely in a barely there and gone again expression of surprise and hurt, that Tony could only read because he was a damned fool.
The girl stiffened her back, the subtle accusation going unmissed.
But still, Bakhuizen did look as if he wouldn't mind beating both of them. Tony could be forgiven for taking a wary step back from the man as he continued to spit what were probably curses at Stefen in Romany.
“Vati isn’t here. Go on, you heard me.” Magda chided, bending down and maneuvering the man’s arms across his chest. She scooped underneath his armpits and lifted him up, grunting under the effort. He was completely dead weight and heavier even than he’d looked. She huffed underneath him, straining.
To Péter’s horror he felt the prick of tears and he ducked his head to hide the sight of them. But Harry must have seen because he sighed and pulled Péter in tight to his chest and clucked his tongue at him.
Stefen’s jaw tensed, but he didn’t look surprised or taken aback by the question. Right. James would have called him as soon as he sobered. They were loyal to each other in a way that defied reasoning.
“You gave your mother’s coins to HIM! This gadje fool. You wanna kill us all, for
Magda squinted in the direction that her little sister Ona had disappeared in. She’d sent Ona to her chores a half hour ago, but the girl was dawdling as usual. Such a lazy girl, Magda thought absently to herself. And sixteen now too! She ought to know how to behave like a woman grown. The chickens scattered around Magda’s feet, clucking appreciatively as she sprinkled a little extra of their feed. Magda and Ona’s mother held the belief that if you gave just a little more, the hens would repay it in kind. Both their parents were in town, selling the fresh eggs, and one of the goat kids newly weaned. She hoisted her basket higher and wiped the crumbs from the chicken feed on her skirt.
"Christ. You're heavy." Tony groaned. "Damn it stop fighting me! You've been shot."
“Not a first, not till I was seven or so. I was too sickly, and my lungs were a mess. I had to stay behind and do women's work with Rachol and Ma.” Steve replied with a rattling laugh, a little wet with phlegm. “Though I’m nearly certain ‘women’s work’ almost did me in. The women in my caravan took care of everything; and Ma was a healer, so her work was never done. Between following her and the Aunt’s I was almost glad when I was deemed well enough to go out with the men.”
The body lying next to his shifted and Steve’s heart jolted into his throat. It was real. Not his dead wife, but something real. Something big, pressing against his legs and nudging them as it moved. He used all his strength to hoist himself up until he was crouched on his knees. But since his arms and feet were still secured to the post, all of his weight came down on his shoulders and he groaned with pain, his vision swimming.
“Is Father alright? Does he need me?” Tony heard her whisper and he watched as the housekeeper placed a hand on her back and the two seemed to share an entire conversation with furtive glances alone before Frau Hogan quietly murmured, “he’s attending some business in his study. He has his duties and we have ours. The best way to help him is to see to them, yes? Go on now.”
“Load him up.” Dvorak barked in command and the men complied, the photographer dancing around them filling the air with bright flashes. The clicking of the camera’s shutter was drowned out over the sudden rise of shouts coming from the other side of the fence.
“Look Tacha, we can see the road!” Artur shouted from up ahead, his cheeks pink from the chill but his eyes bright and happy. “Frau Zemo where does this one go?”
"But-" Tony, true to his nature had opened his mouth to argue but Steve wasn't going to have it this time.
“Yes, but it’s not as easy as you might think. The Germans are closely watching the banks. Armies are expensive to maintain. They aren’t keen on large sums of money funneling out of the country, especially if it may be financing foreign governments. If there is a reason to seize your funds they’ll take it, so my personal advice to you if you don’t want to be hauled in for questioning is to transfer only a portion. Now I’ve spoken to a colleague of mine, an American fellow who is far more adapt with what passes for law over there.”
“Everything. Places, buildings… but people mostly. That way I won’t forget them when they’re gone.”
Peggy had loved the idea of counting endlessly the likeness of the one you loved. Would she think it so beautiful now, the way his head spun around in circles counting all the ways in which he loved Tony Stark? He didn’t know. Worse he didn’t care.
"It could work Bucky." Stefen said, this time in plain German and Bucky shouted back.
He’d listened to Tony and Péter talking that afternoon, and watched carefully as Tony instructed Péter and Natacha on different techniques to ease the pain in James’ chest, and get him to cough up the mucus that was collecting there. Ian had watched carefully, the way he always did and thought very long and hard about what he should do.
"I regret that very important business concerning the children’s health has called me away and I am uncertain of when I’ll return."
"Are you the pot or the kettle in this situation?" he asked tiredly and Bucky's mouth twisted in a tired grimace of a smile.
“Damn you Tony.” He cursed, that hurt still laced through his tone. “I love those children more than my own life!”
Somewhere outside the hall there was a loud bang, followed by a series of blood curtailing screams.
How dinner had become a firing zone he wasn't sure, but let that be the end of it. He resumed eating. The quicker he finished the better, he wasn't sure how much more of Herr Stark's prattle he could-
She’d eventually scuttled away from him to hide and peer at him from behind Starks legs. She’d ignored all of Bucky’s sweet pleading, clinging close too Stark and shooting him distrustful looks when she thought he wasn't looking.
No, when they went searching they would find his name on a Marxist list somewhere. Perhaps even that workers union meeting he'd attended in 35'. Point was, he’d seen what they did to people whose opinions didn’t match their own. It wouldn’t be long before they were storming his own house and frightening his new bride. Sometimes, measures just had to be taken.
“Ian would like to know why you and I shared a room with Captain Rogers.” Stark finished. ‘And came out looking like a Christmas Ham’ went unsaid, but the children were all looking at them, subdued and just this shade of fearful as they waited for someone to explain it away (make it better). Bucky gritted his teeth.
Tony winced at the hopefulness in the child’s voice. It was a heart condition. He didn’t know much about heart conditions but he was almost certain you didn’t just grow out of them.
Cameron turned and quickly scurried down the stairs, Tony following him. It was clear that Hammer had been hard at work, polishing every surface until it shown and filling the hall with those damn red banners.
“Stark?” Bucky’s voice shook, barley imperceptible but still there underneath the aggressive tone.
It was no wonder to him anyway why he’d become a man of music and Stevie had stayed a man of war. Steve had never been allowed to put the captain at rest. He’d been needed too much and God knew that Steve would always come through when needed. It was a mercy really that Peggy had come along.
Steve’s shoulders sagged with relief, and he was glad Tony couldn’t see his face. He was ruining this. He didn’t want to ruin it.
“When we finally track down your grandfather in Lodz we’re half dead, standing on his doorstep holding our hands out like beggars. He said he didn’t have much, but he had more than we did. A father should feed his child but your grandfather wouldn’t even part with a loaf of bread.
Beyond that, it's fairly simple. It's an incredibly beautiful song with a haunting and soul felt message that reaches across languages and continents. There have been many translations over the years, and while each is unique, the heart of the song still manages to transport its listeners to a place of love and longing, we believe, perfectly capturing the fear of the encroaching darkness that our characters experience, and the way they hold onto love for the strength to find their way. Time to Say Goodbye is a beautiful love song because at its heart, it's about saying goodbye to fear (together).
“Stay close,” he warned, and Tacha nodded turning to make her way towards a group of older children, the others trickling behind her. He watched their retreating backs, ignoring whatever charming thing Khalmmer and Charlotte were saying to the small group clustered around them. Whatever Khalmmer had said, it sent another twitter of laugher through the group. Steve jerked as Khalmmer clapped him hard again on the shoulder. Alarm at the sudden touch jolting through him so quickly, his brain was unable to keep up with his instinctive reaction.
Tony blinked the little day dream away, along with the strange pang of longing that accompanied it, because there was no getting back what had been. Only moving forward.
Father stared at her like they were strangers.
Those were Nazi flags hanging boldly outside the doors of the naval office he reminded himself, staring at them as they fluttered in the wind off the water.
“I mean you come home to your family now, fershtay. Come home where you belong.”
“Why aren’t you studying?” In your room, he barely kept from adding. Virginia and Charlotte had made it clear he couldn’t keep the children from moving around the house, but the idea of her somewhere he wasn’t aware of still set him on edge. He wasn’t sure he wouldn’t snap one of these days if he found an empty room when he’d expected her to be there.
“Ah. I figured you might feel that way.” Coulson made to reach inside his jacket and Stefen tensed, hand immediately moving towards the pistol in his pocket. Bucky, the far quicker hand with a gun, barely seemed to move but somehow he had his gun in his hand before Coulson could even get his hand in his pocket. The agent paused, staring at the pistol Bucky had pointed towards him.
"Right. Can we hurry this along?"
"You saved his life Tacha,” Bucky murmured, his lips pressing against her hair, hot breath and the slow trickle of tears sinking into the crown of her hair. “You saved all of us. I know you never meant it to go so far. I’m so grateful for you
"Just because some of us know a thing or two about how to treat a woman doesn't make us hopeless or romantics. Your Da's just jealous because he was all thumbs and left feet when he was wooing your mother. It was
Tony fell onto the deck, half soaked and shivering, panting for breath.
Tony swallowed back whatever it was he was going to say. He was angry true enough but he knew that most of his resistance was based on fear. Whatever else St. Péter’s was, the abbey had been his only home for more than half his life. And he wasn’t blind or stupid. He was well aware of the danger to him out there in the world. It was perhaps the only real reason he had put up with the whole charade. In here the monks might despair of him and grumble beneath their breath but at least he had a guaranteed place. Out there he didn’t mean anything to anybody except dirty blood. He was something to be wiped away and they’d do it gladly if they knew.
This piece of Natacha's story was inspired by the real lives and sacrifices of Dutch resistance fighters Hannie Schaft, and Truus and Freddie Oversteegen. 18,16, and 13 years old respectively when the war began, they have in recent years been recognized for their work providing Jewish children with safe houses, stealing identification papers, bombing railways and most infamously for assassinating high ranking Nazi officers, often by seducing them out to the woods.
Two hundred Swiss francs, and two adult boarding passes for the train going from Venice to Switzerland. That was what Tony had thought was worth risking his life for, Steve learned as Tony recounted the tale of his trip to his childhood home.
it. But we’ll find a different way. If the Nazis ever get any idea of just how brilliant you actually are, you’d find yourself their prisoner and it would eventually be the death of you.”
to pull himself together. It was just till they reached the station! He could last that long.
The future? Péter couldn't help but scoff. Who cared about the future. The only future someone like Péter had was under the boots of the boys who were bigger and stronger and he'd be lucky just to have that. Tony didn't know what he was. He didn't know that Péter would always be looking over his shoulder, hoping and praying someone didn't find out. Well Péter didn't want that future. He was fighting for a better one.
and known to play fast and loose with his vows of celibacy at that.  He wasn’t fit company for polite society let alone small impressionable children.
At some point Stefen shifted underneath him and Tony immediately sat up, lessening the weight on his back, but Stefen only turned so that his back lay against the couch and reached for Tony’s hand to tug him back down. He went all too willingly and Stefen wrapped his arms around Tony, cradling the smaller man to his chest like an overgrown child with a stuffed bear.
Ian’s chest clenched tightly and he fidgeted where he stood suddenly antsy.
“Guilty.” Striker confessed with a laugh. “He was someone in a place he shouldn’t have been.”
Was he a Stark man or wasn't he? He wouldn't run with his tail between his legs from Baroness Schrader. If it was to be a battle, then he'd come out the winner.
There is an old saying that the truth always outs.
“Don’t!” he snarled, violently knocking Khalmmer’s hand from his shoulder. The group went suddenly quiet in a way that rang in his ears like a shout.
“What’s happened?” Ian’s voice was sharp with panic and Steve winced. Quickly he touched a cool hand to the boy’s shoulder, halting his attempt to get out of bed.
Tony's relatives live near the Forum Square which has been the central town square of the city since the Roman times.
“Good.” he muttered reaching for the alcohol. “But we’d better sterilize it just in case.”
The shopkeeper had never been an army man, but he imagined he would have made a good one if his limp hadn’t gotten in the way. He did his part in other ways. He’d been watching this ship whenever it was in port ever since he’d overheard a strange interaction between its captain and one of the crewmen, going on seven months back.
Wanda stilled again, her eyes going wide as her mouth fell open before she snapped it shut and asked, "how do you know that?"
Steve pushed himself up onto his feet, his muscles tightening in agonizing protest that drove a gasp past his lips. Strangely he floated above the pain, stumbling on leaden feet fully into the room. They had to be here; his brain kept insisting in a disconnected way. Rejecting reality, the way a drowning body might. He could feel the water creeping up over his neck, filling his mouth, burning in his lungs, and yet his mind clung to thought that he couldn’t die. Not this way. Tony and the children couldn’t be gone. Not for good.
Steve glared at him. His headache pulsing threateningly and sucked in a breath. Perhaps this was some attempt to guilt him into apologizing for being late to dinner of all things-
This is the KNIGHT, broadcasting from the INN, reaching out to our friends at the CASTLE letting them know that Auntie is in our prayers. Nephew will get the flowers. What is Wendy’s schedule?
"No. Frau Hogan, if you would kindly show them to a room upstairs. We'll have something brought to them."
It was all for them. The photographer – who would no doubt have images of Rogers’ wretchedness splashed all over the morning press – the grim parade of soldiers and their armory. It was all to send a message of the might of the Reich, of the inevitability of their world domination. No one would stop them. Not even the man with the heart of a lion.
May God have mercy on them, and all of us.
“I don’t intend for my post to last very long. I never got into this thinking I was going to survive it Bucky, that was you.” Steve turned away from the wounded look in Bucky’s eyes because he didn’t think he could handle that particular look of betrayal on his face right now. He’d never lied to Bucky about the stakes or his intentions. Bucky was the one who’d fooled himself into believing this could end any other way but one.
“Vienna.” Bucky turned to look at him, waiting. After a moment Steve looked up, brow furrowed in confusion. It was a second or two more before he seemed to catch on to Bucky’s meaning and his mouth tightened.
“It’s February eighth,” Natacha mused to herself quietly, her brows furrowed in an expression of deep contemplation as she looked over at Ian, who was now helping Péter build up the fire under the grate. “We’ve been up here for a whole month and Father’s still in prison. I wasn’t even thinking about birthdays.”
Next to him Péter stiffened, hands clenching tightly around his cutlery as he tracked his father’s movements carefully, as if he expected Steve to attack Artur and the sight felt like a stab to the chest.
Tony did just that, folding the used needles in a cloth and gathering the used linen lying on top of the sheets. He made sure that Stefen’s blankets were tucked around him, keeping him warm before he left without a word. He closed the door behind him with a soft click and let out a long hissing breath. It would be time soon for another dose of the chelant and this time Stefen would be lucid, and far more aware of the pain. Tony rubbed his face, grimacing in grim anticipation. There was a price for everything.
Steve's heart twinged. His arms moving without his command to wrap his around Artur’s body.
As the group disappeared around the corner Tony chuckled to himself, heading toward the day room, making a note to include farm animals on Artur’s long list of creatures worth knowing about.
I sat alone and dreamt of the horizon
It was the desperation in those depths, the silent understanding between them both that if Tony pushed, Stefen feared he'd give in, and if he lost Tony as a result... Stefen was begging him not to make him face that.
That said, Péter was without doubt the most active boy with a heart condition Tony had ever met and that was not as small a thing as one might think.
The memory drifted up out of the shadows, floating on the water above his head. Tony, galloping around his bedroom, teaching the children a bar song. Eight bodies bumping and whirling around each other, blatantly ignoring Steve’s orders, flying in the face of his protective measures and declaring themselves free. Free to laugh, free to love, free to dare, and free to folly.
If he could somehow attain the man’s loyalty and get him to adhere to some semblance of sense, Steve knew that there was a chance the children might come out of this unscathed. It was something to believe in surely, a reason to keep fighting.
Péter’s heart thudded in alarm.
James peered up at Tony. He'd nearly whispered the words and the quiet sound of them jarred something deep in Bucky’s. Virginia hadn’t been exaggerating. The children adored the mad little monk.
She felt a flicker of regret, at having to destroy his illusions, but there was no helping it. No way to make this easier for any of them.
“What?” Steve startled, shifting in his seat as he focused on her.
Steve waited while Coulson considered his answer. They both knew how he answered would decide a lot.
There was nothing for it. They'd have to order a delivery for what they couldn’t carry. Mindful of his small salary, Tony was a little loath to admit it but…
The words floored Tony. He had no reply for them, unable to wrap his head around the fact that his father, the man who had constantly threatened to disinherit him and send him to the abbey in exile, had ever said such a thing about him. Tony, change the world? He’d been hiding in a cellar, terrified for his life like a cornered rat only days ago.  No way Hughard had ever said anything like that about him, but he wouldn’t put it past Farkas to say he did. Just to manipulate him.
“Show me the other three units.” Steve instructed, and Herr Grimm nodded, gesturing for Steve to follow as he led him to the living room window. It looked out over the square which meant it had a clear view of the surrounding apartment buildings, all of which Grimm managed. Once Steve had received the go ahead from the Abwehr and the official command had reached Schmidt that his public tour would have to wait for Steve to take on a highly classified military operation, Steve had divided his team into five units and over the past week one by one they’d been snuck into the apartments surrounding the chancellery.
He resisted the urge to cast his eyes about nervously to see who might have overheard. It still felt dangerous hearing it said out loud, even though they were at the table alone and Tony was just one unidentified man seeking refuge among many. One homeless Jew among many.  He took a deep breath. Met Bruce's eyes – relieved that they were just as soft and unjudgmental as every time before – and nodded, before looking back at the lumpy potato he was holding between his hands and trying not to maim himself as he sliced away a section of peel.
Once the thought had crossed his mind he couldn't stop the small bubble of laughter. He’d have to tell Tony about it in his next letter.
She caught Tony’s eye as she turned and took her place and he gave her a wink. Beaming she turned back to the crowd, and as the first notes of Bucky’s violin struck up she opened her mouth to sing.
Oh Péter. Tony thought with despair, closing his eyes. He rocked back and forth, no longer sure if it was to comfort the child in his arms or himself. So that had been what he’d seen the two boys arguing about on the terrace. He should have asked sooner. Made Péter tell him. He should have seen this coming.
He took another sip of his soup, not really tasting it.
Stefen sat beside him, not overly close but close enough that Tony could feel his body radiating heat in the small space left between them. He wondered if that was a Stefen thing or a ‘Tony needs to get a handle on himself’ thing.
Finished wrapping Jann in the fresh bandages Bucky stood up stating with confidence for the benefit of those watching and listening.
“Seven children!” Tony gaped. “His poor wife. What desperate state must she be in? No one thought to stage a rescue?”
was the biggest threat to her safety.
"That's right. You joined the monastery when you were seventeen years old." Agent Neuman mused aloud, as if he'd just remembered it before turning back around to face Tony who met his bland smile with a fierce stare of his own.
Though he turned his head, it wasn’t quick enough to hide the stricken look in his eyes and Steve blinked in surprise, completely taken aback. Tony was practically vibrating where he sat, but he stayed completely still waiting for Steve to finish what he’d started. Waiting for Steve to order him from the house, still as a hare avoiding the hunters gaze. But that was Tony. Even terrified he was brave. Braver, Steve thought, than anyone he’d ever met. Because he didn’t let it rest. Maybe couldn’t. Tony blinked back what seemed impossibly like the threat of tears and had his last word.
Tony blinked and was pretty sure he was wearing a gob smacked expression when he turned to find Rogers at his back, blue eyes not quite able to meet his with a countenance that Tony might have called bashful on someone less rigid than the captain. But then those eyes shifted and pinned his like darts to a board and suddenly Tony wished they’d look anywhere else.
Steve swallowed his anger. Kroger was just a father like him. Doing his best. It was hard for a man sometimes to see beyond his own children.
“The general has made himself clear. Bring proof and we’ll look into your claims. Until then don’t come back here.” The officer warned lowly. “You’re dismissed.”
He seemed to be very deep in thought as he turned toward the window, eyes looking out over the glimmering lake and beyond, to the shadow of the mountains climbing into the sky and Tony waited.
"The priests are to be overseen by the chaplain until further word is given.” Wolfe repeated doggedly. “Those are our orders. You will obey them Herr Doctor or answer to the Commandment. Now where is the chaplain?"
“I need you.” Steve whispered again because it was the truth.
“He founded Germany’s first free school, a school for free thinking. The fundamentals and teachings which were at the heart of the
There were still police patrolling the streets quite heavily, and the boys in Hitler’s Youth were just as active in the aftermath as they had been in the pogrom.  Now that the Jews were gone they were standing guard over the empty properties to fend off looters. Because of course, the state was concerned that any wealth left behind should be collected to strengthen the Reich.
"Children, I would like to introduce you to Anya and Péter Maximoff. They work with your uncle, though no one has explained what they are doing in my dining room." This he directed at Stark along with a stare that would have cowed seasoned soldiers, but Stark remained undeterred.
~*~*~*~
No, taking the man to court would be tantamount to throwing his life away.
“You’re so good at sneaking Tacha, I figure if you was you would have already.”
“You’ll be with him.” Tony muttered under his breath, the music spilling out now in oily black notes.
“Bah, well truthfully I’m too old for adventure stories but the artwork is so lovely I find I can hardly resist them. And everyone wants to be an adventurer in their heart of hearts I think.” She shrugged bashfully with a little smile and Tony smiled back.
It took over three weeks for Jann to answer the summons. Long enough for Bucky to search every crack and cranny of the village and determine that Steve was
Stefen turned and left the room, but not before his eyes caught Tony’s once more. The monk felt a shiver go down his spine.
“Did I win Tony? I was very quiet, wasn’t I?” Sara asked inquisitively, her round face scrunched up with uncertainty, searching for approval.
How Tony Stark fell for the Rogers children (just the children mind you) and how they found a friend in an unexpected place.
“Get in the water, Artry.”
Something nudged his leg and then he heard an anxious bleat. Steve had left the gate on the pen open he realized as he looked down into Patroche’s large black eyes. They were trained up on Steve as if he were waiting.
“Oh.” Stefen sounded somewhat sheepish. Tony heard his throat clear over the line. “She is young for drills isn’t she?”
Latcho drom:  (Romany) “Safe Journey” - Goodbye.
Stark’s invitation at breakfast had taken them both by surprise (the man’s audacity was as irritating as it was intriguing) but Bucky found himself agreeing with the monk in this one instance. Steve had missed the kids something terrible while they’d been in Vienna, but now that they were here he could barely look at them.
Deiter blew his whistle, filling the cafe with the shrill sound of alarm. Conversation in the dining room ground to a halt as the lieutenant ran through, puffing on his whistle all the while.
“Thank you, I’m fine.” Steve answered flatly, lowering the glass slowly from his lips.
Steve thought, though it wasn’t necessary to say it. The truth spoke loudly enough on its own.
"It wasn't your fault, and I'm sure you did everything you could." He murmured. Tony could feel Péter trembling against him, and he wrapped and arm around the boy's shoulder, pulling him into a tight hug.
it. Stefen had...there were no words!
A lightning bolt of panic, relief, and sizzling adrenaline shot through Steve all at once as the blurry image came into greater focus and he jerked from the force of it. His muscles screamed as he forced them to work, scrambling with twitching fingers to grasp Péter’s shoulders and haul him into his arms before he could disappear again. He half expected him to dissolve at the first touch as so many other visions had, but Péter was solid against him.  Péter had come awake in an instant, confusion and alarm blurring his sleepy features, but Steve didn't care because his hands had gotten ahold of Péters shirt, a hold of Péter and Péter hadn't disappeared.
The shopkeeper held himself still, just out of sight behind his open window as he watched the woman hurry back the way she’d come, guiding the children and whispering to them as they scurried.
“No. If father wants me to listen to him then he should stay and...and” James sputtered to a halt, his brow crunching together in explosive frustration as he failed to find the words for just what he thought it was their father should do.
This is the KNIGHT at the INN, requesting that the CASTLE say hello to Wendy.
The thought whispered insidiously inside of his head like the snake must have whispered to Eve. And trust Farkas to get under his skin like this, have him thinking about and twisted up over old stories and myths that amounted to nothing.
Tony hit the bottom of the lake bed, silt clouding up around them, but since he wasn’t a panicking child he was able to keep his wits about him.
Steve sucked gently on it, shivering as the small chip cracked and melted in the heat of his mouth flooding it with a cool sensation. The contrast was enjoyable, addictive in a strange way. He closed his eyes and pulled another chip over his tongue and sucked on it greedily, savoring the frigid chill as Khalmmer and the dangers in the other room fading to the background.
“And I know the children would be happy to have time with you.”
“It’s a boy Karlina.”
“Captain Rogers, I think your children are overdue for a swimming lesson” he finally settled on and Stefen’s mouth twitched.
“Yes, of course. But I really must ask you to clear the room.” He mumbled distractedly.
“Ian?”
“Of course,” Tony responded, putting on a brave face, but privately he thought that tomorrow was too late. He only had four more days to figure out a way to keep the family together, and Tony didn’t doubt that if the banks were already throwing up superfluous obstacles in front of their Jewish patrons, then the seizure of their bank accounts couldn’t be far behind it.
"Ah, Guten Tag, I'm the-"
“So what is it you need from me?” Tony asked, because he knew Nik and he was smart enough to realize that the previous night’s speech had been prepping him for this exact moment. Niklas didn’t disappoint.
“We’re going to bed,” Ian hastily reassured him even as Natacha laid a protective hand on Artur’s head.
-Dachau-
Pisliskurja – (romany) Darling
"It's nearly noon." Tony answered, because it would have been rude not to. He could be civil.
“Ah if it isn’t Stefen and one of his sparrows. The best team I’ve seen yet. Your vati has some long legs on him though, you sure you can keep up Sparrow?”
she wasn’t exactly keen on splitting her time with the spoiled son of the house.”
"I've already been threatened by General Schmidt and Striker, and I'm sure countless others are waiting in the wings to make good on their threats. I don't know what their plans are for me, but I know they'll come for the children. They've already started. I need you to help me.”
With that she left them, heading toward the bar, and with hands shaking from excitement Artur dug in his pocket for the paper tag the baroness had slipped in his pocket that morning, sliding the loop around his wrist. He looked over to make sure that Maria had hers, and then he undid the buttons on his coat and shrugged out of it, leaving it abandoned on his chair. He took Maria's hand and made to follow Péter into the crowd of children with matching stars and little white tags on their wrists; but Maria jerked on his hand and Artur looked back to see that James still lingered by the table. He looked frozen, his hands clutching at his trousers, biting his bottom lip until it had gone as white as his face.
"And yet they claim to be so fond of each other." Tony mumbled, shaking his head slightly at the both of them. Bucky's grin slipped into a confused scowl and Steve turned his face into his armpit to hide his laughter.
The man was still breathing but his pulse was faint. Steve pushed aside his trench coat to reveal a night robe underneath. They all must have run from their beds. Or been dragged from them.
"Stefen, the mayor -" Charlotte began to interject, but Stefen was in no mood to hear it.
“That depends,” Tony led.
Breakfast that morning was quiet, which was just as well because Charlotte thought if she opened her mouth she was liable to scream. Instead Charlotte carefully sipped her morning coffee, allowing the rich smelling steam to fill her nose and sooth her senses. Remaining calm and decisive was paramount. There was too much at stake to allow herself to descend into so called feminine hysterics. Her mouth quirked upward in a scathing grin. Charlotte had shared tables with Marianne Hainisch, God rest her soul, and had been an active member in the Austrian Women’s Society from the first day Peggy had lied to their parents and dragged Charlotte to a luncheon a few days after her thirteenth birthday.
“I think we all gathered it wasn’t Major Rogers you were attempting to offend.” Tony muttered reaching with one hand to grasp Steve and urge him back into his seat. Steve headed the gentle tug and sat, conceding to the wisdom in its insistence, but he didn’t fail to notice that same hand once more reaching for the glass of wine above Tony’s plate. Steve glared at the cup as Tony raised it to his lips once more and took a deep bracing swallow.  He needed to slow down.
She didn't move, light blue eyes staring down Hammer with the censure of a judge staring at a capital offender and after a long drawn out moment Hammer visibly swallowed his retort and began to shrink beneath the stare.
“Yes... yes, Tacha’s right there’s still time.” Ian jumped on the feeble hope Natacha offered them and Tony kept silent.
“Yes, we had better.” Stefen’s tone was bland enough as he answered, but he was finally looking directly at Tony now, and there was no missing the subtle glint of familiar challenge in his eye or the way he worked his jaw. Tony had irritated him, and the knowledge that he could still get under the man’s skin was enough to bring a smile back to his face.
“Oof, steady there,
Tony tried not to heave an aggrieved sigh but it was a near miss. Anina Broise was a fine singer, if you liked lovely and female. Those (unfortunately) where her only qualities. Tony maintained that a woman like her, better than her even, could be found in every lounge or concert hall across the country.
“I can do it! I can do it! Move, you bastard! Move!”
They wanted him there Bucky realized with a pang, because he knew Stevie.
Tony averted any potential sulking by teaching them the brief history of the Liliputbahn and promising that they’d have plenty of opportunities to ride it while within the park. He and Péter had gotten caught up in a discussion about fossil fuels, engines and possibilities for more powerful energy sources when he noticed how quiet Ian was being.
He didn't know what he thought would be on that poster, only that his chest had clenched with dread, and he'd been desperate to know what they wanted with the Gypsies, and by the time he'd figured out that the poster was just a warning against two specific ones he had a whole other reason for standing there, gaping at it.
Natacha wasn't saying anything and it was setting Péter's teeth on edge waiting for it. He shot a glance at her out of the corner of his eye and rolled them when he saw that she was practicing her knitting with the needles and yarn Frau Hogan gifted her for Christmas. Honestly women were so weird, and his sister the weirdest of them all.
He was nearly finished when the door clicked open. Steve didn’t bother to look up as there were few servants he employed that didn't bother to announce themselves.
“Let me go Emil, I have to go.”
The sight of both boys stood with their heads bent together gave them all pause. This could either be very good or very bad. In the short months Tony had been with the Rogers family he had yet to see them visibly collaborate together. Hell with those two even begrudging cooperation was a struggle.
“What the hell happened?!” Bucky demanded to know.
Rogers was next to him again and Becker jumped. How was it possible someone so big could sneak up so silently?
, Tony had been right there and it was fine now – Stefen had another think coming.
“Just shut up.” Ian warned him from across the table with a nervous look down to the other end where the officers were eating. For their part the policemen didn’t look any more enthusiastic about that night's dinner than James did. Tony thought he heard one of them mumbling under his breath, “I’m with the boy.”
Bucky sneered, taking a deep swig of his beer.
Stark wanted him to do better?
Artur frowned, confused.
“James please, don’t grab my neck so tight.” he pleaded gently after a moment when the boy’s grip threatened to choke him. He rubbed the boys back soothingly as James blinked at him, eyes wide, coughing up dribbles of water.
“That'll be all Stark.”
He'd seen him every so often since then but it was not the same. Nothing was.
"You have no idea what I'd do."
They had no reason to speculate on Stefen’s upbringing because as soon as they heard ‘farming town’ and ‘Poland’ they filled in with ‘poor and foreign’ and either sneered or politely ignored the subject entirely.
“On what?”
Steve,
Natacha & Ian had taken turns at whittling the handle and etching designs into it. Artur and Tony made molds, so that Péter and James could help them melt glass over the fire and press the softened sold into the gently curved molds with the iron poker. When the discs had reset, they hammered them loose from the molds, filling one with water and setting handle in designated notch at the bottom, before gluing the top disc in place with pine resin.
The hillls are aaaaaalive....
"Every last thing must be perfect or it'll be the talk of Salzburg. I trust you'll be dining with the staff this evening, Herr Stark?" Hammer sneered at Tony’s back. Tony had toasted his cup to him with a roll of his eyes, not bothering to dignify that with a reply as he made his way toward the back door. Personally he didn’t think he’d make it to dinner. Frauline Werner sounded like the sort who would hardly wait to get home before reporting a rebel to the police.
Steve sucked in a harsh breath and backed up, throwing his hands up in surrender because he knew better than to try and keep pushing when Bucky was this worked up. Whatever was going on it must be bad.
Tony drew in a shaky breath and leaned forwards, burying his face where shoulder met neck, breathing in Stefen’s scent in an effort to ground himself; but the next breath was even more unsteady. He twisted his hands, tightening his grip on Stefen’s shirt.
Ian shoved the pillow tighter over his head. Embarrassment sat heavy in his stomach.
Tony'd warned them, hating the fearful way James and Artur had looked at each other and the way that Maria's lip began to tremble. He’d made them promise to never leave the cabin without his permission and had promised to take them out with him in equal turns.
“Of course.” Stefen agreed, squeezing their shoulders gently before commanding more than suggesting that they get as much sleep as they could and let him know their decision in the morning. He was sincere, but Tony could see written on his face a sort of resignation. He knew just as Tony knew, what cold comfort safety was to them right now.
Natacha jumped as something clanged down heavily within the kitchen. She heard Willamina's voice again, sharp and brittle as she barked at Hammer, "I won't have talk like that in my kitchen. Captain Rogers is a good man!"
Young Cameron was probably the one to thank for that, Tony noted as he entered the room the younger boys shared to find the hall boy assisting James with his trunks while Ian supervised Artur.
Well most times. Sometimes he didn’t, like when Tony had told him not to leave. He couldn’t listen then because he was a soldier and that’s just what they did. It was wrong of him, but Ian still wished he could trade. He wouldn’t mind if Da was in a bad mood or was quick to snap at them all if it meant he could be there.
"Herr Weiss did an admirable job with the garden." Tony broke the silence, gesturing to the garden in general, and Stefen startled at the sound of his voice, blinking rapidly for a moment as he gathered his wits for small talk. Tony bit back a smile.
A chill ran down Steve’s spine hearing his former title roll off her tongue. She knew now. This was it. His time was up. He should have...he should have killed her when he had the chance. The thought tasted sour in his mouth even now, but here they were. Her or him. He had to live. He had to.
“Keep to the room? On Chanukah!” He sounded absolutely scandalized now. “You need not be such a martyr, Cousin, there is no reason why you can’t celebrate with family when a celebration is to be had. It is our birthday isn’t it? Do you remember how we used to celebrate?”
The way that Vonkov looked at him as if he wished to cut Steve open and examine his insides chilled him. He knew what the Nazi’s were doing over in Dachau and why they were doing it. Just thinking on the rumors he’d heard was enough to curdle the blood, but seeing again in his mind’s eye the gaunt faces of the twins he’d only barely managed to save from that nightmare. Steve wanted to take his knife to the man’s throat.
“Just as I’m sure you didn’t mean to break the stupid vase this morning, or topple the stupid chair in the schoolroom yesterday?” Tony replied coolly and James shrank. Seeing that he was in fact listening, Tony gentled his tone.
The fellow, a Herr Buchem, understood perfectly well what Bucky was getting at and agreed to meet Bucky outside the pub once every third day with any news or tidbits. That business settled, Bucky inquired with the barkeep about a room for rent and then made his way next door to the inn, where he rented a room for the night and left a number and instructions for getting in touch with his tailor, alerting them that he’d need his best suit sent to the post office.
There was no hiding from the children that their father's life hung in the balance. They knew. They'd known from the moment Stefen had been taken away from them. They knew he faced execution and that his chances of escaping the prison camp were small. They kept their hopes up, because Tony kept giving it to them, but they were intelligent. Young, but far from stupid. They might not be able to grasp all the details of the peril they found themselves in but they were experiencing it intimately just the same, through the loss of all their familiars.
Came James sing song response. The children stilled. Or rather the older children did. The three younger seemed to remain oblivious.
“Why did you allow Natacha to leave class?” Stefen asked, pulling Tony further away from the door of the shop and any prying ears.
“Rogers?”
“She didn’t come back with any workers. Why?”
He’d gone straight to Willamina’s supply of schnapps and retreated into the solitary of his room. He’d been half way through the bottle before the rage bubbling inside of him had become overwhelming, not in the least numbed by the spirits. He’d thrown the bottle against the wall and watched it break with a crash, bits of glass tinkling as the walls dripped, the room filled with the pungent scent of alcohol.
“Let’s get moving.” Bucky growled as Tony opened his mouth to respond. He set off toward where a sleek Blitz truck was parked, leaving Tony and Clint to scramble behind him. Tony wondered how he’d explain Cardinal Rossi arriving in such a beast, but thought better of asking. Bucky wouldn’t answer, and Tony wasn't about to give him any more ammunition for grumbling. He’d think of something. Tony always thought of something.
He opened his eyes, praying, his heart thudding painfully when the vision swimming before his eyes hadn’t disappeared.
Breathing heavily, he shook the water out of his eyes and held James close, his heart jittering in his chest.
“Yep, it was a painfully terrible death. Spider bites are not to be trifled with,” Herr Stark warned cheerily as he punctuated his point with his spoon. Artur's lower lip began to tremble and he looked back and forth between Steve and the monk, his eyes wide.
Fear for Susann jolted through Steve at the words. Jonny coming for tea was their code for if any officials came to question her or seemed suspicious of her involvement in the escape of the Lehnsherr  twins. Sending her son Frank up the river was code for immediate intervention. The twins needed to be moved as soon as they could move them and Susann needed to get out of Austria.
Vonkov inclined his head toward their host in a show of repentance but it was all show.
Tony stroked the fine hair on Stefen’s arm.
“He’s going to be fine.” He murmured lowly as they began the walk toward the road.
“Thank you? For trying to take my children from me?!”
“I meant exactly what I said. Now: we’re going to return to our lesson on harmony. Artur,
“I’ll deal with that latter. Where are my children?”
“What was that?” He asked, and terror flashed through Péter’s eyes before he could stuff it down and insist that it was nothing.
“I’ve been thinking... We can’t just sit here. We- ” Péter halted mid-sentence, finally taking in Tony’s bare arms and disheveled appearance. He’d stripped down to his under shirt, which was now stained heavily with sweat and oil, and his trousers were a lost cause.  The boy’s eyes widened as he took Tony in and widened further as they began to take in the rest of the workshop, finally landing on the boat sitting partway assembled in the middle of the room.
"Then I guess you'll have to make do with the ones you've gotten already." Tony teased, gesturing to the mountain of boxes in the corner of the table. But James didn't look at all satisfied with that conclusion and Hortense giggled at the indignant expression he wore.
“You mean before Barney just dumped me there, like I was yesterday’s garbage?” Clint added sullenly, leaning further to snatch one of the pistols from Bucky’s offered hand.
He stood back and allowed room for Tony to enter the room and Tony crossed the threshold without pause. Once decided on a course he rarely dithered.
“Gladly.” Tony heard him mutter darkly as he all but fled the room, slamming the door behind him.
Two days until Ian’s birthday.
What the hell was that little jab about Tony trying to prove he could be like him?! It burned. It burned a hole right through the center of him because –
Becker snorted but his retort was drowned out by the roar of an approaching motorbike engine. He slowed, watching Corporal Nagal navigate the bike past the soldiers.
In fairness, Steve had been in a better mood all around now that he was back in his own home, and had all seven of his children together again. Maria and Sara could have cheated an Emperor out of his gold with how sweetly they begged, and Steve was so happy to have Péter home again he’d have given the boy the shirt off his back.
“That’s right Maria, your birthday always comes after the new year!” Artur exclaimed, and Maria’s face split into a small shy grin as Artur hugged her around the middle, her cheeks pinkening with embarrassment from the attention.
“Besides, Pete.” Péter frowned at the pet name, but Tony breezed on anyway. “Do you really want to join them so badly? I can think of plenty of reasons not to: those ridiculous haircuts for one. And all those rigid rules. You’d think you’d have had enough of it by now. It isn’t as if you don’t have a commanding officer at home.”
He blinked, startled to find her standing, wondering how and when she’d managed it, but time like everything else felt liquid around him. Sliding through his grasp like sand. She approached him with careful steps, as if he were an animal ready to bite.
Stark, whoever he was and whatever he was hiding, truly seemed to care for the children. Perhaps for now it was enough and between the two of them they could do a little damage in Steve's pristine little world. The closer he kept Stark the sooner he could figure out what he was about, and you know what they say, odd men must stick together.
the Nazi’s had struck against. Not really. Or at least not yet. With the Nazi’s views on the poles Tony had no doubt they’d strike at them soon enough, but this wasn’t that strike. This was about the Jews. This was the first solution to the prevalent debate of a Jewish problem.
Steve’s heart sank in his chest with dread. It was the same with two others he asked. Everyone had the same story. The Hall had been gutted. No one was left and if they were they were in no sort of shape to leave.
Steve grit his teeth. He knew what Bucky wanted but he wouldn’t give up Tony. Not for anything. Just the thought had his fingers twitching with adrenaline. They could try to take him, all of them, and he would tear them apart.
He didn’t envy the uphill climb that Stefen had ahead of him, as far as Péter went, he just hoped Stefen had the strength to stick it out. The reward would be worth it.
"I won’t pity you."
Early morning
They seemed to think that Rogers was important to people, that they had to be careful in how they handled his removal. Ha. The man put on airs just because he had the stupidity to go and get shot at and survive, but he was just polish trash. Little better than a beast of the field when it came down to it, rutting with whatever would hold still long enough.  He was not better than Jürgen, an honest hardworking German, just luckier. That’s what he’d do as soon as they handed over the estate to him, he’d find himself a pretty little thing with money. Give her a nice ride or two, and before you know it they’ll be calling him Sir Hammer.
Steve braced his hands against the floor and tried again. And again. And again.
"I was at the library with Bobby and Johann."
“Who the devil are Anton Roosevelt and Steven Grant?” Tony demanded to know, not because he needed it confirmed but because he wanted to hear them explain it. To the man’s credit, Pike didn’t mince words. Tony got the feeling mincing wasn’t something the admiral did often.
“Father told me to look after everyone. That‘s you too.”
“At noon, I don't eat because I think of you. In the evening, I don't eat because I think of you,”
“It’s a boy like me!” Artur declared. “You can tell because the wings are prettier than the girls.”
To think that despite all his mockery and best efforts, after all these years the rituals of faith (if not the belief) could be so calming. It was almost funny. Bruce would have been proud.
“At least not openly. Not back then. They’d have killed him without a second thought. I made sure no one knew how I felt, least of all poor Rhodey. I flirted with every woman who would so much as look at me and made an ass of myself trying to down out any other feelings. The first time I ever had a woman it was one of the kitchen girls. She was older, got engaged to a miller that fall… I guess she liked the thrill of making a man out of the Stark heir. But it really didn’t. I was a lonely boy and that just made it worse.”
Whoever was in charge of engineering after his father’s death just didn’t have the right tools or the right know how. Hitler didn’t need someone who could build war ships just as good as anybody else. They needed somebody who could break the mold.
Steve glared at the floor but didn’t waste energy trying to look up at Bucky. There was a knock on the door but Steve ignored that too, all of his attention focused on completing the task at hand.
Ah, so the admiral wasn’t all in favor of this push to bring Tony on board the project. Good. He could use that.
Steve stepped back, letting Sam's hand fall limp to the man's side, gaining much needed space.
“It won’t be any better, Johann, making them go out in all that. We’re three floors up.” Inola Regenbogen said from her seat in the corner. The woman who had been in the car with the professor had barely moved since they’d all spilled into Sieger’s apartment, not even to help with the littlest ones. To be fair, Seiger had kept a distance as well.
, was the way they fed them off their own tables if they were unable to find work; the way that they filled spare rooms, and spare beds with incoming refugees.
“Captain Adventure? I’m afraid that title is available by subscription only, and the list is currently closed. I tried to bury it so people would not ask for it.” The woman responded with a strange air of reluctance. But then her blue eyes narrowed on Tony in consideration and Tony had to resist the urge to squirm.
“Yes.” His voice was deep and rough like he might start crying too and that terrified her. “I grew up different. I grew up rough and poor and not well treated. I didn’t want that for you. And your mother’s family… they wouldn’t have accepted the marriage if they knew. Your mother was against it, you should know that, but I didn’t want to take her family away. We agreed it was easier for me to just leave that life behind. And now, now it would be very dangerous to tell the truth and I’m sorry. If I had been a better man perhaps we’d be somewhere else, somewhere you would not need to lie or to be afraid. I’m ashamed of that. Not of you. I hope you can forgive me.”
“I see a scenario, that when considered at face value has an easy answer. You’re wrong Péter, if only because some questions don’t have easy answers and you didn’t bother to ask any. You failed to take into account that there are only two weeks left in this month.”
The housekeeper swallowed thickly, mouth pressed in a tight line and Tony waited his own body stiff with tension. It was a long moment before Frau Hogan spoke again, her tone more subdued but no less stern.
~*~*~
“The truth, Stark” Steve snapped in reply.
“What does it mean? What you sang. I couldn’t understand it.”
“Yes but you said companion. That implies I have to keep their company.”
He wondered (though he shouldn’t) if combat was the only way Stefen knew how to let go. Would he be so raw, so unbridled, with a lover? Somehow he thought that even in bed it would be a fight with Stefen. Every moment of pleasure pulled from him in some strange parody of force because he’d never just give it up. Stefen didn’t do anything easy.
*~*~*~*
She’d looked wan, like she expected Rogers to appear over her shoulder any minute and start yelling the house down, and then furious. Through tight lips she’d informed him that breakfast had come and gone, and that the captain departing soon would expect Tony and the children to be out front to see him off. Shouldn’t he make haste if he was going to make himself presentable?
Artur eyed him cautiously and Steve ruffled his hair, unnerved by his sons stare and the surge of emotions he felt, and stood.
"Grab on!" Bruce called from above, leaning over the edge of the boat along with Leshnerr and Brother Vogel to pull them both aboard.
“Yes, Herr Hammer.” Ian muttered, shoulders sagging and face flushed with shame.
Tony wouldn’t deny them the forgiving nature of youth but privately, he wished he could afford the same luxury.
“Natacha? Yes she’s a wonderful girl.” Tony responded somewhat warily and Charlotte chuckled, a touch of mocking in her tone as she turned toward him, no hint of anything but politeness on her face.
It was near twenty minutes more for the man and his wife to finish in the room below, pack up their supplies and leave. The engine of their truck roared loudly in the otherwise silent air. Its progress could be heard out of the yard and down the trail until it reached the road.
“He’s a Jew,” Hammer sneered. “The Major kept him on when no one else would and look how he’s repaid him.”
“You were really a war nurse, like my mother?” he heard Natacha ask and his stomach clenched.
“I’m sorry. When did she die?” He heard himself ask.
“You are the third of a... disappointing line of tutors. I don’t wish to displace you.” The unfinished ‘but I will’ hung in the air. The fingered whistle went to the captain's lips.
“Fuck you!” The man coughed and wheezed, the sound warbling as more laughter fought its way out of his chest. Bucky tightened his finger on the trigger and took a threatening step forward and the laughter died.
Natacha thrashed and threw herself backward, struggling in vain to jerk herself free of his hold but Bucky held tight. He weathered her kicks and her curses until her body finally tired, and she slumped against his chest with a sob of exhausted breath.
"They could execute you tomorrow morning!” Tony reminded him with a snap. “Stefen don't do this. Don't you dare!" But even as he begged, Tony knew it was useless, and that there was no stopping Stefen. Because he was right. They didn’t know what the enemy would do, and Stefen would always put himself between those he loved and danger.
“It’s not been tried on you. Yet.” The man leaned toward him, his eyes glittering and his voice seeming to go softer with every spoken word until it was just above a whisper. Yet. Tony had never been tortured, didn’t know what it was like. Yet. As if he could see the fear in him the agent’s mouth curled into a smile. “I’ve broken stronger men than you, Tony Stark.”
Yes. Tony understood that he must be seen as available to women, and that Stefen especially had a role to play in the propaganda of what good men with happy homes looked like in Hitler’s Germany. Yes, he understood intellectually that with a war on their doorstep, one little woman holding his lovers hand was nothing. But alas, it did not feel like nothing. It felt like a very big, and very hungry, something in his chest that he could not shake loose.
Tony clenched his fingers tighter around the wrench he held.
She took her empty plate to the sink before leaving the kitchen, stepping past him and Tony without so much as a glance. He expected her to retreat back upstairs but she continued through the living room and towards the door.
"Don't look at me like that! We're going to sponge him to bring his temperature down."
Ian marched himself back into line and the next one stepped forward proclaiming to be called Artur with an innocent expression and an air of friendliness that would have admittedly suckered Tony had he not the advantage of an eidetic memory.
“Herr Stark, a pleasure. I’m Admiral Erhard, I head the Naval Weapons Department. This is Herr Hoch, from the Ministry of Armaments and War Production.” Erhard gestured to the man in the suit with the greying hair and Hoch extended his hand to shake Tony’s.
"You didn't." Tony countered, not moving from the doorway. He'd let Stefen in when he was good and ready.
was their father and couldn’t be bothered with them for more than five minutes.
“Their
Steve could not think of a suitable reply. Charlotte could be a very persuasive woman but he doubted even she could bully Schmidt into granting him leave after how sore he’d been over the Abwehr snatching him away for private use just before he was to begin his tour. He reached one handed and patted her hand, because it seemed like something a husband should do when his wife tried to support him.
Right then.
Yet somehow it didn’t feel final even as the iron gates of St. Péter’s shut behind him with a clang and the startled flight of pigeons, or even as the driver of the trolleybus had barked at him for fifty reichspfennig rather than the half shilling he’d have paid not a month before (when Austria had still been Austria).  He had walked outside the abbey before of course but always with the benedictine robes to shield him and never with the same sense of urgency. The people of Salzburg were technically the same as they had been the night of his last jaunt through the city but now Tony viewed them with new eyes.
When it had become clear that folks preferred his work over just about anybody’s and his boss wasn’t keen on paying him accordingly, he’d used everything he had to open up his own shop not two doors down. The shopkeeper had been rivals with his former employer for years, up until recently when the old man had been forced to close shop and move his entire family to the ghetto they’d set up for the Jews.
The captain was gone for over a week. The house was uncommonly subdued in his absence, the shock of the police visit and his sudden departure in the middle of the night along with Wanda and Pietro unsettling the children.
Unless, he married the Baroness. That would give them stability should the worst happen. It would buy Natacha time to grow up a little more and do what everyone expected.
~*~*~*
“You ever talk to his wife or his kid?” Bucky pressed again, trying to derail the bend into hero-worship the conversation was taking.
Even now he insisted on shouldering the pain himself. Tony ground his teeth together and gathered the last of the antiseptic, making busy work for himself as Bucky kept chatting, insults flowing from his tongue like affection.  Tony piled the soiled sheets they’d stripped from the bed earlier into his arms and motioned to Bucky before turning to exit.
“And that’s exactly who they’re looking for, desperate to get this back.” Coulson replied with a shake of his head. “Recovering the book is top priority for the Abwehr right now, and they know there are moles within the organization. They’re watching all of our agents. Along with anyone who is even so much as rumored to be connected with the resistance effort or who has friends in foreign governments.”
“A man with seven children to his credit can hardly afford to be making that face Stefen,” Tony quipped, appearing at Steve’s side suddenly. Steve felt his cheeks heat in a prickle of embarrassment. He shot Tony a look, but it was hard not to laugh when he saw the mirth dancing in the monk’s eyes and the exaggerated smirk he wore.
Tony removed the stiff stockings from Stefen’s feet. He began to rub gently at their soles, doing his best to work out the tension in in the muscle. Thankfully his seizers had tapered off, but he still suffered muscle cramps after long periods of activity. The full day they’d had must have been agony, but he’d born every second of it with determined positivity for the children’s sake. He was such a noble idiot at times, and Tony loved that about him. Loved him so fiercely it angered him, that Stefen could think of himself as anything but good. Not perfect, but so heartbreakingly good.
If James were here- but he wasn’t! She stubbornly reminded herself, setting her cup down with conviction. James was gone, and she was no wilting flower either. She was Charlotte Shrader, Count Maxwell Schrader’s only daughter and the fiancé of Major Stefen Rogers. It was up to her to bring them all down from the ledge he so dangerously held them over, to assure the safety of both the man she loved and Margrit’s poor children. She would have her way.
“The Sleeping Beauty came to Salzburg when my mother was alive. I was seven, but I remember, because I tried all day to convince her to take me with them. I cried and hid under my bed, because I thought if they heard I had run away that they would have to stay and look for me.”
With that Nik turned and strode back down the path, towards the old church building, only pausing briefly to look over his shoulder and call out, “if you ever find yourself in England, I’ve heard Westminster Abbey is really something to see.”
It was an insult, after these many weeks when Dvorak had seen to the training of the regiment all by himself – his long overdue leave was now being interrupted to travel some miles in the rain and snow, to urge along the man's recovery. He was to take Major Rogers and escort him back to the regiment where they would assume their posting. Dvorak had received sobering instructions to answer any resistance with the full measure of the law. While the idea of Rogers facing judicial punishment over something as pathetic as a cold was practically glee inspiring, his enjoyment of the situation was dimmed by his subsequent demotion to a fetching maid.
Stefen nodded and to Artur who was sitting in his lap, craning his neck to peer up at him he murmured, "Your uncle Bucky will never admit it but he's a romantic. Always picking flowers and singing for pretty girls."
Steve’s arms jerked, imagining his hands griping Tony’s waist, pressing against his back. Would his fingers leave bruises? He could be gentle. He could.
"Yes?" Stefen asked, somewhat impatient, after the silence had drawn on long enough to call Tony's mental health into question.
“Stark.”
“I have plenty. Besides, I get to go every year and see the real thing. I left room see, so this way you can bring me back pictures of Austria.”
He needed to get to the schoolroom, see his children, because Tony had been right from the beginning. Whatever else happened, Stefen did not want his children to look back on these years and wonder if he had been a good man or if he had loved them. They needed to be certain of those things and heaven help them, but he was all they had. He’d missed sitting in on their music lesson but if they hurried he could be back in time for their final lesson before supper.
“Nothing like a pretty lady is there?” Catherine asked with a smirk and a wink in his direction as she opened the rear door for them.
As the man drew closer Steve’s heart rate slowed, his head clearing as he calculated the best way to incapacitate Khalmmer. This he could handle. A
“Christ, be careful!” He barked and Bucky turned to him, jabbing a blunt finger painfully into his chest.
Better leave him to it, Tony thought with a smile. Whatever young miss had caught his eye, if she had a decent bone in her body she wouldn't refuse the birthday boy a dance. With Péter accounted for Tony searched the crowd of young people for Natacha, smile diming slightly when he found her standing near a table conversing with a young man whose name Tony couldn't place.
Did it mean something?
, I'm alright. I ran into some trouble, but it was nothing I can't handle, yeah?" He smiled at her confidently, prompting her to smile weakly in return and squeezed her hand once more before letting go.  "I worried you’d get caught in that mess. Thank God you're all alright."
“If there’s anything else you might need, Sir-”Hammer began.
“It’s
~*~*~
They were all gone.
Bakhuizen shook him once more and the captain started. His eyes back on Bakhuizen’s he looked lost and Tony was sure, even in the low light, that he'd never seen the captain look so young.
He watched as Ian carried the tray over to the dressing table and set it down firmly, before straightening up and meeting Tony with an expectant stare and hands fisted on hips.
Tony had barely finished when the oldest boy (the sick one) was already clicking his heels and marching forward to reintroduce himself with his nose in the air and the straightest spine Tony had ever seen on something that wasn’t a book. He certainly didn’t look too ill to attend school.
“You know what’s coming and you want me to run away?” Steve demanded incredulously, anger tightening his vocal cords. He couldn’t believe Bucky could still be suggesting that after everything they now knew.
Steve growled, shaking his head to clear it, battling against the falling sensation that wanted to overwhelm him.
"We need a fighting force, but we have to be able to get in without being noticed and to move quickly."
Tony suspected that in this one afternoon alone he had done thrice his monthly quota of smiling.
It was a hazy moment before Steve realized that it was Susann who was speaking but he was collected enough to offer a genuine smile for his old friend by the time the woman had come from behind the counter.
He pinned Steve to the ground, sitting all his weight against him as Steve bucked wildly beneath him like a mad animal. Until finally, Schmidt drove a knee into his chest and pressed down hard, sending mind numbing pain splintering into Steve’s skull. Steve grunted, his body seizing and locking up as all the air left him in one pain filled rush.
But those were the thoughts of someone who had nearly murdered her own father. Natacha wasn’t any better than the Nazis when it came down to it; but that was how she knew to fear what was coming, why she’d tried so hard to stop it.
truth was Tony wasn’t too bothered with trying to reason it out, occupied as he was with staring.
“Stefen,” Tony implored him quietly, wanting to stop him before he said or did something he’d truly regret. Stefen’s eyes flew to his and held.
“What do you say, Tony?” His smile was as contagious as it always was as he softly rumbled. “Ya, trust me?”
“You should hope they do.” The other man warned, tone darkening. “I don’t doubt you, but things could get very difficult for you Tony, if people believed you consorted with traitors to kill good Germans.”
He pulled away, but didn’t go far, content to watch the way the black of Stefen’s pupils swallowed the blue and soak in the sounds of his short quiet breathes and marvel at what a miraculous turn his life had taken.
The butler tilted his head and glared down at Ian. “She's busy now with the mess left in the young Master Rogers room.” For Ian's part he stood his ground but his shoulders hunched and the boy didn't correct the butler, eyes seemingly fixated on the polish of his shoes.
“I know you can’t stall him for days, alright? But you can give us a day. I know how clever you are Natacha. If anyone can manage it, it’s you.” He wheedled, because Tony always said flattery never hurt when it came to persuasion. Squeezing her hand once more he pleaded as earnestly as he was able. “Please.”
A tiny sliver of possession curled inside of Tony. Irrational though it was, a small part of him couldn't help but feel Bucky was partially to blame Stefen’s current state. He should have been there. He’d had more freedom to move, and he should have hurried. He could have stopped this.
They could have been on the road for days, or only a few hours, but he had no means of keeping time. His head was fogged with pain and the ache in his body made every second drag on for an age. He knew on some level that this was the end, his chances for escape had dwindled to nothing, but with rational thought driven from his mind there was nothing left but raw instinct.
"But you have produced nothing to support any of those claims. Indeed, you recently claimed the Major was lying about being ill, but the official who was sent reported him to be in grave condition. You can see how that shakes our confidence in your many claims?”
“Do you really think we’re so different?"
"They're good at what they do, I'm told." He answered as he took a hold of her hand, squeezing it gently. "Charlotte, I need to speak to you."
Bucky turned over with a groan and sat up, his stomach lurching with the movement. He caught sight of a fat metal flask on the desk and paused, frowning at it. But then, fuzzily he remembered getting his smokes from Stevie the night before. Stevie had urged him to be careful and then Bucky had left. Only, Natacha had run after him. She said she had something for him.
Tony blinked, a horrible suspicion dawning on him.
Tony paused in front of the door, reaching for the knob on instinct.
“It’s our literature this week!” Maria confirmed with an eager smile. “Tony says, after we finish we can start Les Misérables.” There was a wistful gleam in her eye and Stefen smiled, though there was something shadowed that passed over his expression when he looked at Tony.
"We can talk about it all, soon as we're safe and settled." Steve confirmed, looking around from one somber face to the next. "Do you have any more questions?"
The train began to move, slowly squealing it's way out of the station. He jogged alongside Sam as the train picked up speed. “I am thinking about them.” he insisted.
The silence stretched between them as Natacha contemplated the plan, her brow furrowing slightly in the center. Her knitting needles seemed to clink together faster the deeper she thought and Péter fought the urge to smile.
He pummeled Steve as hard as he could, knuckles aching with each strike. Every grunt of pain he drove from Steve’s cracked lips sickeningly satisfying.
“We all need help sometimes,” she remarked, passing him the little cup and saucer she was holding and Steve saw that along with the espresso there was a small square of sweet cake. She’d probably heard that from Tony, Steve thought with an ache, just like she’d clearly observed the way Tony got him to eat small bites of things. That was his girl. Always watching people.
“Are you sure Tony?” Péter asked, sounding equally uncertain of poking the beast. It made Tony pause, his eyes flicking toward the younger children.
On Stefen's desk in his study was a letter from the Theresian Academy in Vienna, the prestigious boarding school founded by Empress Maria Theresa. It was now just another jewel in Hitler's crown, having been reformed into a national school. A school dedicated to training young men for political, military and administrative leadership in the Nazi state. Which in simpler terms meant it was a Nazi training camp, that would take whatever decency was still left in his boy and pound it out of him.
Steve tried to smile for her, but it was difficult when he knew she was only making the best of things for his sake.
“Charlotte,” he said her name with an unbearable quiet. A sort of tired gentleness better reserved for someone adored, and not the woman he’d used as a shield at every expense to herself. Her breath caught in her chest as he drew closer and loomed over her chair. Her hands shook.
Clint nodded and Tony handed him the letter which quickly disappeared somewhere on the boy’s person.
And Tony couldn’t say what it was that made the pieces click together when they hadn’t before. Maybe it was the carefully blank expression on Bakhuizen’s face or the stiffening of Stefen’s shoulders. Maybe it was just hearing someone else say it out loud.
From downstairs somewhere, the sound of a piano started up again, hesitant, with plenty of fumbles but not a completely unpleasant sound.
“I thought I’d have to leave when Annett Greer started getting misty eyed at the Führer’s promises to start awarding women for having children.” She reminisced with a small naughty grin that made her look like the young girl Steve had met all those years ago, who used to hang on her older cousins every word. “I hear they are to start receiving medals and preferential treatment at stores.”
Charlotte eyed him before tilting her chin up. “What a thing to ask, James” she replied softly, her gaze piercing his with censure.
Stefen wanted him to go to Berlin, to attend a dinner with a bunch of stuffy Nazi researchers because the conversation would go over his head. That sounded an awful lot like Steve wanted... company to Tony.
Word spread quickly that Major Rogers, local hero and national icon, was being accused of treason. It dominated every broadcast and Tony didn’t doubt that outside the walls of the villa it dominated the conversation in every living room as the public waited for more details to emerge. The police had combed through the house following Stefen’s extraction. Tony knew that Stefen did not keep much physical evidence of his involvement in the resistance, but it was impossible to get rid of everything. There was the radio in the attic for starters.
Tony had cried in front of him for the first time, tears flowing freely, ugly and unstoppable. Bruce had sat with one hand on Tony’s back and eventually he’d started to murmur a tune: a little ditty he’d most likely heard from one of the woman who came for food.
Even with Tony’s eidetic memory and Bruce’s careful notes, creating the binding solution took time. Tony was not known for going slow, but this time was different – this time he was methodical, double checking and double checking every improvement he made on the formula Bruce had devised over a decade earlier, keeping a close eye on Péter and triple checking his work. There was no time to test it out before administering it on Stefen, and they’d need to administer a dose every three hours the first day, and then taper off to six until Stefen started showing signs of improvement.
The miles continued to crawl by.
The morning had started out beautifully; crisp mountain air, predawn light gradually bleeding into impossibly blue sky and the scent of fresh morning dew permuting the air. Antony Eduard Stark was familiar with slipping out of bed long before the sun rose and making his way through shadowed streets in search of one adventure or another. God knew, his poor governesses had tried to keep him under lock and key, but Antony’s mind had always been quicker than most children- most adults even- and even at his smallest he had never found a lock he couldn’t pick or a key he couldn’t fashion in lieu of picks.
“Enough of this nonsense.  Open the door Herr Stark,” Hammer snapped, gesturing up the stairs. Tony swallowed, mind racing to find some way to keep the men out of the attic but he knew better than to resist any further. That would only rouse the officer’s suspicions.
“Is that so hard for you? It’s all that I ask.” Stefen snapped and Tony immediately snapped back, his temper fraying in the face of Stefen’s continued coldness.
Once reported, he wondered, how long would it take for the police to come?
"People were starving." Tony reminded him. "Surender was necessary."
“Now, now, there is no need for this. Vonkov. The Major is right. There are ladies present. You will apologize.” Göring scolded firmly, but he had the look of a satisfied bullfrog who had just slurped down the largest of flies.
"There was a rally in town.  Where were you?"
“Stark.” The captain’s quiet voice was no less commanding for it as he called Tony’s name and Tony leaned over the railing and turned his head to find the man paused halfway up the stairs, stiff as a palace guard. “A moment of your time please.”
Engelszell abbey consisted of one rectangular building, a modest but beautifully constructed steeple a simple steeple, and a long short rectangular building at near the back where Tony knew the monks would live and study.  The whole campus sat at the bottom of the tree covered hills, bare limbed and covered lightly with freshly fallen snow, blue mountains rising above the reach of their tallest branches. It was surrounded by snow covered pasture that ran right up to the river, where a small well-worn dock had been built for the brothers to fish.
“Your Eminence. Praise be to God for his mercy.” One of the men grabbed Tony’s hand, his thin chapped lips rubbing against the skin of his knuckles as tears fell from his eyes.
"Did you fight in the great war Stark?" Agent Neuman asked with a deceptively conversational tone. He had his back to Tony and appeared to be perusing the bookshelves in Stefen's study. He'd taken it over to hold interrogations of the household, ostensibly because it was a private room out of the way of the rest of the house - but Tony knew a posturing cock when he saw one.
He waited anxiously for him to continue but Da just shook his head, smiling ruefully at him.
Tony stared at the envelope and swallowed, licking his dry lips.
Bucky stumbled down the stairs Christmas morning. He rolled his neck, wincing as the ligaments popped fitfully. The headache that had persisted since last night- well more like, since the last three fourths of the bottle of Vodka he’d downed somewhere in the early morning - pounded away in his skull. He rubbed at his temples, taking precious care not to add to the thunderstorm gathering in his head.
“No, vati.”
He’d been in the garden, playing happily with Maria, whacking bushes with a stick turned rapier singing with the gusto of ten boys.
The man at the door just blinked at him, giving no sign whatsoever that he'd understood before he's slid the metal slate back in place with a firm thud.
Looking up to face the music he found that indeed Stefen had made his way down to the bank. He was standing there next to Ian with arms crossed imposingly, but to Tony’s surprise he didn’t seem all that concerned with Tony and James.
“What about the children?” Stefen voiced similar worry, and Tony cast a glance backward to confirm that they were the four of them listening intently, their faces pale and solemn. “We were supposed to report to Baker Street in London and meet up with Holmes before the mission. I was promised my children would be taken care of!”
"I'm not suggesting we actually trust our plans to the cardinal. " Tony replied stiffly, choosing to ignore the jab against Italians. "He'd never agree to it anyway. His allegiance is to the church and her interests. Believe me if it means survival they’ll crawl in bed with Hitler. "
James nodded, biting his lip anxiously.
“Of course you want me to spy on him,” Tony said, rolling his eyes heavenward. “What happened to keeping my head down?”
“Ka xlia ma pe tute, Stevie!” Bakhuizen snapped in that tongue that Tony recognized from the night in the captain’s room. It just added to the mystery surrounding the man. Stefen had written in his letters that he’d been raised in Poland and Bakhuizen was supposed to be a childhood friend. Tony’s polish was restricted to greetings and asking where he could relieve himself, but he could tell it wasn’t that.
“Sorry.” She’d said, her face twisted up in disgust as she’d shoveled the fertilizer over his legs and torso and given him a sack to cover his head with. But there was nothing to be sorry about. The road outside the station would surely be monitored and it was their best hope that no one would want to look too closely into the stinking crates.
“She is Major Rogers fiancé and Maxwell Schrader’s daughter.” Stevens cut in tiredly, and Hammer sneered.
Stark looked pale and Steve glared at Bucky in warning.
When Ian asked her if she was hurt anywhere Maria mumbled something intelligible through tears that had them all looking wildly between each other in alarm before Artur helpfully chimed in that she’d said she was fine but was very put out about the state of her new clothes. Tony blinked and caught Natacha’s eye and of all things to happen, they both started to chuckle.
Like hell it was.
He had never understood why his father had married his mother. He did not beat her like some husbands but he was far from a kind man. Hughard’s old friend and business partner Obadiah Stanislav had never understood it either. Though he was always courteous enough to Maria he’d also always been very forthcoming with the fact that he was against the marriage.
James was right, the post had already come once today. That meant the message had to be urgent. Ian righted himself and wiped his sweaty bangs out of his face to look back out at the road again, biting his lip. Something wasn’t right.
The children held their breath and Tony found himself holding it right alongside them.
The simple attire suited him just as much as the uniform. Maybe more. His rolled-up sleeves certainly played well to the definition of his arms Tony noted, heart thumping wildly in his chest as he drank in the sight of Stefen standing there looking delectable, hands shoved casually within his pockets and late summer sun beaming down on his golden head.
“I’m sure you’ll manage.” Virginia smiled so sweetly at him it was just shy of insulting and Bucky grinned wildly at Steve as Virginia turned towards him with a business like air.
There was a knock at the door and a moment later it opened, the platoons only decent lieutenant stepping inside. Second Lieutenant Becker saluted limply, barley in the door and already trailing dirt behind him. Rogers had been working the men on the training field again, poor bastard.
“Oh hell.”
Nothing? The word blasted through him like a shot. Did that mean they hadn't heard from Tony at all? They would have! Steve's frantic mind insisted. If any of the monks had made it to Engzell, word would have been sent to Farkas. But Coulson said there was nothing.
God. It had
“Where's your father?” Bucky asked the boy and Péter shook his head, his lips tight.
~*~*~
Kirk threw back his head and cackled, good humor returning and Bucky smiled into his cup.
“I do! They're bugs with…” He trailed off, his face going red with frustration. Next to him James sniggered. Artur whined round standing up to holler across the table at his brother, “I know what they are, James!”
Steve’s heart began to sink into his stomach, a very bad feeling beginning to crawl over his skin.  Natacha was too still. Too scared. Something was wrong.
Tony was nearly dragged up the stairs and manhandled into the hallway and perhaps under different circumstances he might have enjoyed it but Stefen was developing a tendency to lug him around like Sara did her dolls and he was most certainly not a plaything.
Tony glanced up from the keys once more, doing a quick scan of the room to account for the children – Natacha was with a group of girls, Péter was chatting with Harry and Bobby,  the other five had fallen into the group of children sitting around a table listening to Herr Beutlin spin a wild tale, his shock of silver hair and twinkling blue eyes making him the very picture of the eccentric old scholar Tony had always imagined him to be – before falling again on Steve, who was engaging in what looked to be a very terse conversation with one of the newest heads in intelligence operations. Steve was positive that if there was an investigation into his activities that Striker was the one leading it. The sight of the man just standing there, watching Stefen with no less intent than the strange woman was watching him, made Tony want to do something drastic like leap off the bench, grab Steve and the children and make a run for it.
"I'll have a talk with the staff. They'll believe a wish to avoid gossip is a good enough reason to demand their silence." The captain decided and Tony nodded, the tension in his gut unclenching.
“I have prayed for forty-one years that god would bring you home to us, and that I would not always be making up for lost time. Perhaps God has finally answered my prayers.”
~*~*~
“He’s right you know,” Tony assured them. “It’s just the sky making noise at us. Some people are like that. All hot air. You know what you have to do though, when someone speaks to you that way?”
he'd asked when she'd come running back with the flask.
“I’m sure I was more,” Tony admitted. He shoved his hand into his pockets and tried to smile, it felt more like broken glass stretched over his face but in this house he doubted anyone would know the difference.
Silently he prayed that this would not come back to hurt them. It was all he could do.
He saw red. He barely heard the children’s gasps as he spun up and around, lunging at Hammer who was too slow and surprised to have the wits to get out of his way. Tony hauled him in by the collar and slammed his fist against Hammer’s face as hard as he could. Owe! Son of a bitch!
“Da, what’s wrong?” Péters frightened voice was muffled into Steve shoulder as the boy twisted in his arms to get a good look him. Steve didn't have a chance in hell at stopping him, he was so blasted weak, and too soon his arms were falling away and Péter was looking down at him. A sob welled up in his throat and clogged there, forcing him to choke it back just to feel like he could breathe. There were so many things Steve wanted to say, needed to say.
“That sounds like Herr Stark.”
“I suppose it does.” He conceded, lifting the boy onto his lap as he commandeered his empty seat at the table. “Why don’t you show me your vessel?”
But Tony was certain something was wrong from the moment they entered the kitchen door to find the kitchens still and dark, the ovens looking as if they had been cooling for hours despite the relative earliness of the hour. A chill hung in the air, as it was not much warmer inside the villa as it was outdoors. But it was the quiet that disturbed Tony the most. He couldn’t hear any of the maids, who should have been winding the house down for the night, or any of the children, who should have been preparing for bed. It was too still, and Tony began to wonder if the family had not returned as planned after all – but some creeping sense told him they had, and that he’d stumbled upon a house that was holding its breath. In fear and anticipation of what, was the question.
"Keep practicing with Stark and one day you'll be better." Turning to Stefen he said, "You aught to let me represent the children. They're really something."
They were nearly ready when James looked up from where Tony was helping him fasten his suspenders, toward where Stefen was standing chatting with Bakhuizen on the couch, and asked curiously, “When are you going to sleep with the baroness?”
Stefen had been nothing but attentive since his one disastrous attempt to hold Tony at arm’s length, he reminded himself staunchly, trying to cast off the black mood that had settled over him. And Stefen agreed fervently with Tony that it was a foolish experiment best never repeated. Charlotte was a trinket. What small, petty, sort of creature could find it within himself to be jealous that she held Stefen’s hand when he had held that and a scandalous lot more?
“There is an option, but I don’t like it any more than I think you will...” Tony hesitated. When Steve looked at him there was a dark cloud hanging over his expression, his mouth shaping into a pensive frown of contemplation. Steve jerked his eyes from Tony’s lips and fixed them firmly on Tony’s. His mind was a trap, and too often he could find himself sliding down into fog, or fixated on all the wrong things. It was difficult to navigate all of the traps in his head, but some things were consistent. Tony’s mouth was a danger point. His eyes could be too, but Steve felt steady enough to handle them for the moment.
They would be safe. And Steve would be free to plan his final revolt.
There was no swaying her. He heard it in every word she spoke. She wouldn’t leave home, not for Stanislov’s threats and not for the threat of all of Germany bearing down on them.
“Uncle Bucky!” James shrieked with delight, the argument completely forgotten as he raced to meet Bakhuizen who appeared in the entrance to the sitting room with a wide smile on his face.
because it was what his hands and mind were good for. And if he couldn’t ignore the voice that whispered it was the
It struck him again, how different things might have been if Hughard had not intervened. He and Stefen might have met on a battlefield, across the barrels of guns. They might have killed one another or they might simply have passed like ships in the night, never to wonder what might be behind the eyes of the enemy they’d left fallen in the wake of their ambitions.
Steve gave it as long as he could stand before he followed.
Dvořák didn’t miss the way Lt. Becker stressed Rogers rank, a subtle reminder that Rogers was still Lt. Becker’s superior, and a Major by his own right. Dvořák ignored him, he wasn’t saying anything their own Commanding Officer didn’t say and certainly none of it was new to Rogers. Dvořák didn’t care what fancy new rank they’d shoved on him.
“Here you are love, poor thing. Your fingers must be frozen stiff,” the woman tut-tutted reappearing from the kitchen. Ian noticed her eyeing the blue tips sticking out of the strips of burlap he’d wrapped around his hands for warmth as she handed him a steaming cup. It was warm chocolate, he realized with delight, hands still shaking slightly as he raised the cup to his mouth. The taste was a shock to his tongue and almost too rich.
"Where were we? Was I supposed to be there?"
“So you know about that.”
“You have already heard many Germans say that the people they call gypsies aren’t really people… but know that they’re wrong. The rom remember for each other, and share their stories with each other, because no matter what tribe this rom comes from or that rom comes from they are all of them familia.
He barely acknowledged Charlotte as she appeared before him, fine lines of worry around her mouth and anguish in her eyes that betrayed her usual stoic appearance as she touched his arm gently before throwing her arms around him. He patted her back absently, but didn’t let himself become too distracted from keeping watch. It only took the enemy a moment to strike and there were so many places out here to hide.
"It won't be like it was when our mother was alive.” James sighed despondently with another shrug. "Just a bunch of adults talking. That is boring."
He blew out more smoke and coughed into his hand. Right, well he’d had his wallow. There were things to be done.
Pavlok sniffed again and moved on to the next.
They moved as quickly and as silently as they could. There was nothing they could do about leaving tracks, though Natacha wisely took them through the densest patches of trees so they wouldn’t be easily spotted. He noticed that she kept a wide birth away from the road. She must have seen someone Tony realized. An automobile or men on foot? He wondered franticly as they ran.
He did not like Agent Neuman, and he was not afraid if the other man knew it. He was the type of man who engaged in cruelties, simply for the pleasure it brought him to be cruel. It was no wonder he worked so well with Herr Striker. The agent curled his lip contemptuously at the lieutenant who continued to cut away at the sausage that Frau Hogan had prepared the house for lunch. It had gone cold by the time Stevens had returned from the station but it was still better than anything he could have made himself. A godsend that woman.
“Yes, Herr Stark. We’ll do whatever it is father needs us to do,” Ian assured him earnestly. Natacha looked more dubious but she crowded around him with the others.
Lt. Stevens cleared his throat poignantly, glaring the man opposite him into silence and fought an effort to grit his teeth in annoyance.  He didn't like the way that Hammer spoke about Major Rogers. It had nothing to do with station and everything to do with service. Major Rogers had given his blood for this country and should be respected for his contributions. The allegations against him were serious - and the truth behind them no matter how damning, would not change that in Dieter's eyes.
"You're hysterical." He declared, and she could have spit. Men were loathsome and ridiculous she decided. She hated them. Every last one!
As soon as she was gone the boy Péter grabbed his sister’s elbow and backed away from the remaining adults, talking fast in a stream of foreign words. The sight was like a kick to the stomach, the children's obvious terror at being left with strangers discomforting.
“He hasn’t felt himself all week, but yesterday he took a turn for the worst.” Charlotte explained, setting gentle hands on Péter’s shoulders. “Why don’t you go get cleaned up and get some sleep? When he’s awake in the morning, I’m sure seeing you will boost his spirits.”
When the butler had retrieved him from his study, muttering about about the arrival of the monk, he'd expected to find one of the senior monks he’d encountered at the abbey: white haired, kind, if not of blank, expression. He’d thought perhaps, it would even be the collected quiet man he'd met briefly during his meeting with Father Farkas. He'd not been prepared to find the hall empty and to hear music coiling through the hallway like the echo of better days.
He had to change certain aspects about the lessons (mainly that they’d had them since the disaster the other day) and then it was onto Ian. Tony paused over the letter, once more, blinking as he drew a blank. He pictured the boy: average height, skinny, though not as skinny as his brothers (already Tony could see the makings of his father’s build). But he was lost as to what Ian had done with himself the previous day. Or anything he’d said for that matter, he was so quiet!
“It must have left an impression on you if you still remember the music after all these years.”
Tony heard the sound of someone spitting violently and turned. He saw Péter hesitate, saw the war going on in his eyes and the long horrible moment of consideration that held him back even as Tony and his siblings fled.
"I'll make you another one." Péter promised. Artur looked slightly disappointed for a moment, pouting out his lower lip, but he nodded his head appeased at Péter's promise that he was very good at making the little soldiers now and there would be plenty more.
Though Stefen appeared outwardly still, his head bowed in a semblance of prayer, Tony could tell that he was carefully watching everyone who entered and left the sanctuary. Besides the date and time, the only thing the letter from SIS had given them to go on was the code name of the woman they were supposed to meet and the fact that she was blond. Not a lot to go on, and too much danger of missing her if they diverted from the plan.
“And truth be told, your being too ill to join your friends might be more of a blessing than you yet realize. There are worse things that you could be too.”
“Well I would.” Ian insisted stubbornly, hunching his shoulders defensively. “They’re better than babies. Don’t you think so Da?”
“But I
"You fired Tony, Father?" Maria exclaimed in a very wobbly voice, big watery eyes turning on Stefen. "Is that why he's not come back?"
When Stefen did not answer Tony wasn’t discouraged. Captain Rogers was not a verbose sort and Tony could do enough talking for six people.
(Romany) assfucker.
He’d played on hill tops like this as a child, traveling with his parents through France and Belgium, or rather when he’d traveled with his father and a contingent of governess (his mother preferring to stay at their home in Pola whenever she could) or Yensin. Those trips had never been fun, his father parading him around until Tony’s use as a trophy for buyers and delegates was no longer needed and then handing him off to the governess of the hour.
Too bad for him that was the one thing he couldn’t be. The blood doesn’t lie.
choose to do."
He hung up the phone whispering a soft, “Ti amo, Nonna”.
It was a long pregnant moment before Niklas chose to reply.
Steve still remembered back to his first day of training camp. How he’d had tried to make himself blend in with the others, but Phillips had taken one look at him and known he was too young to be there.
Her reputation combined with her commanding presence convinced them all it would be a lark to roll up their sleeves and pretend to be country for a day. None of them had any idea, that this was the closest thing to the celebrations he’d known in his boyhood as he’d been able to get in years. They couldn’t know what it meant to him to be surrounded by his family, and the families of the people who ran his home, sharing food and laughter. Eating with their hands under the stars instead of on fine china.
“It looks like they’ve gone.”
The man yelped, jerking away from him as he panted in a strangled voice, “it’s been ransacked!” before he took off again.
“They’re facilitating a cleanup, James” Péter explained. “It doesn’t look good, all that junk littering the streets.”
The automobile longed forward, tapping Steve in the rib cage. The man behind the wheel looked terrified at the sight of him, his eyes wide as he made a frantic jabbing motion with his hand for Steve to get out of the way. But there was no chance in hell Steve was going to move.
The officer examined both booklets quickly, noting the official stamp from Herr Lehmann giving Péter permission to be out after hours with a huff and a dark glare of suspicion as he took in Anamarie's documentation, noticeably absent of a similar stamp. His hard eyes raked her up and down, mouth curling judgmentally at the waves in her dark hair which she wore down with pride, against the German style.
"Tony, Willamina went out of her way to make this just for you. I even made sure she used the fresh bread. She’ll be very upset if you don’t at least take one bite." The boy coaxed, gesturing to the chair Tony had abandoned to answer the door.
“Let’s go!” Tony barked, grasping the other man’s arm as he dragged him and Clint toward the exit, heart pounding in relief turned exhilaration.
Idiot.
~*~*~*~*~
“You’ll be able to, won’t you? We haven’t waited too long to fetch someone?”
a hug and be done with it.”
“I know myself perfectly well. It’s you who is not listening.”
“You can make sure it doesn’t.”
Bucky shook her in rage, roaring in her face. She whimpered, scrunching her eyes closed, her face crumpling. She wailed, tears leaking out of her eyes, prattling like the gutless little thing she was. He’d seen Steve dragged out from that prison in pieces, face so mottled and beaten in, his own mother wouldn’t have recognized him. And this gadje
Péter was confused, frightened and horrified by the things that Peitro had said, but Wanda’s eyes held his without judgment and his heart twisted at the naked grief he saw in them. He nodded yes, though he had no idea what it was she wanted him to do.
Mittlestaedt was by no means as large as some of the printing houses in Vienna, Franz owning just the one press and employing only a few helpers, he was largely in the production of local magazines and bulletins, but it was probably better that way. There would be less scrutiny and fewer eyes watching.
"Major Rogers. You're under arrest. You will come with us."
Tony paused with a scowl, thinking back to dinner. The miserable air that surrounded the table, the children flinching away from their father with fear of rebuke at every turn. It reminded him too much of his own childhood, leaving a sour taste in his mouth. Perhaps it had led him to be more snappish with the captain than was wise. But they were only children and they only wanted their father’s attention. Tony could handle spiders in his bed (he was thankful to have avoided a headless chicken) and any number of petty tricks or pranks, because he understood that it was just their way of pleading for notice. Or perhaps he was projecting. That was possible and even likely given his bad track record. Still he could not help but feel in this instance he was right. The children did not even have play clothes! When he’d asked Pepper (who did not seem to like at all that he’d taken to calling her such) about it while she’d overseen the final touches to the room before leaving him for the night she’d laughed and told him that the Rogers children did not play. They marched! Oh if Tony had a schilling for every time he’d heard what Stark men were supposed to do in lieu of childish things…
The baroness lingered a moment longer at Stefen's side. She didn't touch him but her gaze was a as soft and open as if she might caress him.
Steve had done a number on Stark in a very short amount of time. Bucky swallowed, pushing down the feeling of constriction rising in his lungs and the voice in his head berating him.
“I’m James! Why do you call uncle Bucky that?” James asked, wrinkling his nose like he’d smelled something foul and Péter gave him a very exasperated look. Natacha just looked like she was already tuning out their conversation and was just waiting for them to talk about something more interesting.
. The word cut through Charlotte.
Could he sleep in a bed with Captain Rogers even with a small child between them and not give away the fact that where Stefen was concerned he was entirely compromised?
"I know we're not all feeling our best, but let's behave with civility, shall we gentlemen?"
Pressure was building behind Steve’s eyes. He rubbed at his face without thinking and winced at the sharp pain. He rubbed his fingers together, grimacing distastefully at the thick concealer that had come away on his hand.
“Yes and he has very delicate senses,” Virginia sipped her drink demurely as she patted Tony's leg and Bucky snorted into his drink, choking on a wet laugh.
“I think it was silly.”
He mumbled that he was sorry a few more times before Tony shushed him, biting back the urge to cry. What a useless thing to do. He didn’t deserve it either.
“Father said to just concentrate on being a kid for a change. But that’s selfish. Isn’t it? I know he’s the reason that I get to do this. I’m smart, but starting term late like this, finding me a dorm on such short notice, that’s because of his money. He pays them so I get to go, but Natacha and the others, and all our friends, they’re all stuck with whatever happens.”
A shout of triumph from Ian pulled both their attention just in time to see him and James go toppling over into the water. They came back up again, James choking dramatically.
Her face didn’t change much but Bucky could feel her pulling away and he frowned, wondering at it.
Quill, the wireless operator, talked almost incessantly from the moment they took off. At first it was all old stories, inside jokes, and complaints about a fifth member (Grude) who got to stay behind because they weren’t delivering a payload. He eventually made his way into an enthusiastic debate with Drax (the gunner) about whether French or British women were friendlier to servicemen. It was only ended when and Rocket threw something at the back of his head to remind him that there were children on board. The noise from the cockpit had quieted after that, and the absence of voices had almost been worse than the mindless chatter as it highlighted every other bit of sound that reminded him where he was.
“And look at the solutions we’ve come up with.”
Well James was right about one thing. Tony really could hear someone’s stomach growling, though the culprit would just have to remain a mystery. Péter and Ian were both doing their best to look stoic. Tony knew Natacha would never have put up with her body betraying her to James that way, but knew she had to be feeling it too. They would need to find food. He glanced at Stefen out of the corner of his eye, mulling over their options.
Subject U-1610.
“Tony.” That strangled voice in Steve’s ears must have belonged to him, but it was hard to hear over the violent pounding of his heart. Tony just kept kissing him and stroking his cock in rhythm with the movement of their hips and that pressure was building again inside of Steve. The one that begged for either death or release.
Nik, damn his hide, was of course correct. If Obadiah had played a hand in his father’s death as Nik seemed to be implying then the only thing that had saved Tony was his escape to St. Péter’s. As far as he knew Obadiah had never made any attempt to get at him there but now that Nik had raised the suspicions in his mind Tony could not forget how he and Yinsen been chased by armed officers all the way to Salzberg. When they had finally caught up with them Yinsen had told Tony to run for the Abbey, and not to turn back no matter what he heard. But Tony had never been good at doing what he was told and he had seen and heard plenty from his hiding place in the woods. They had called Jacob a filthy Jew and beat him bloody, all the while demanding to know where he was hiding Tony.
Ian had been doing his best to keep the others focused on their work until he’d noticed the delivery boy.
“No, I can’t say I am. I’ve never heard of it.”
too, a man who would do anything for his family. For Stefen. They had that in common.
He shifted the unfinished letter closer to himself and she huffed a breath, her mouth twitching into a thin line.
He shook his head, looking up at Stark for help.
She threw an outright fit when he reminded her to be sure and pack her play things.
Fuck Rogers. He was always so fucking detailed. Every report he’d ever handed Dvořák had seemed to weigh at least three kilos. Did nothing happen on the base without the man’s notice? He wouldn’t be surprised if Rogers included the weight of each of his men’s shits.
For a moment Bucky looked as if he might get up and walk out. His face was pale and set in stone.
He did. Well when it suited him. It suited him now to keep every promise he’d made to her, to each of them. Which might be why all the promises he’d made to them could be counted on one hand. Tony had learned long ago the delicate math of lowering the average of broken promises.
She shook her head slowly and Péter held still captivated as she drew his hand toward the patch of earth she'd yanked up and guided his palm to press it flat upon the dirt.
Bucky’s eyes flicked to the black car parked on the other side of the alley and tensed but kept his steps slow and measured as he approached it on the other side of the street.
It ate at him like an acid that he couldn’t keep her safe because he couldn’t trust her to tell him the truth, or his own mind to recognize it even if it was right there in front of him. He couldn’t know unless he forced her to speak and he couldn’t do that without alienating her and likely Tony as well.
Just like that. As if the children were some chore to be raced through.
“We’ll need more almonds,” she decided, trying to move past Bucky but he was so much taller and broader than she was, and he easily moved to block her way. It made the anger return, swelling hot and violent within her. Did he think she couldn’t do it, that he had to fan and coddle her now because she was too fragile to pick up spilled flour? How hateful! How stupid! How she wanted to hit him.
He’s arguing with Tony. Again. He’d forgotten the point of the argument; the point now was to one up each other. To argue until Tony gave. Tony did give. Steve did in fact believe in miracles. Pushing to that point was as exhilarating each time as it was infuriating. Kind of like the man himself.
“And often you don’t grow out of illness.” Tony replied and Péter looked stricken. “But it doesn’t matter because it’s just what you have, not who you are.”
Stark really had done a number on him. Bucky didn’t understand it but he had decided long ago that Steve being
“That’s what they said in the paper but if you want the truth they were executed by a mob.” At Bucky’s look of surprise Kirk explained further. “With the war on there was a lot of unrest.  Austria was calling for more ships, more weapons. the Navy had Stark working his people to the bone. Any idiot could see it was a recipe for disaster.
Tony knew it was eating at him, that Stefen blamed himself for the weakened state which prevented them from moving the family until he was well. It was stupid, especially since nearly the whole house was aware that he’d been poisoned. Pepper had blamed the Nazis, whom she was certain had tried to make an attempt on the captain’s life while he was too weak to defend himself. Tony hadn’t dissuaded her or anyone else of the notion. He and Péter had agreed Natacha’s involvement was a secret they’d take to their graves. It had been a horrible accident, and whatever the outcome of it now Tony believed he understood her intentions.
. It didn’t just sound strange. It sounded wrong.
"I thought your Da didn't like the Führer?" Ian commented earning a glare from James and Tony winced.
Steve clenched his fists until his palms started to bleed. They were never going to have Tony. He and the children were safe. Steve had to believe it. Schmidt would never miss the opportunity to gloat in his face if it were any other way.
Not that he was an expert on plumbing, but he was fairly certain he could become one if ever given the chance. That was what he hoped to learn today, what his chances were and what kind of future they might open up to him.  All those years at St. Péter’s, he’d stopped wondering after the first decade what he would do with himself when he was free of the abbey walls because he’d stopped believing that he’d ever truly be free of them. Now, with half his life over, Tony was suddenly free. There was Austria still to leave behind, but the questions loomed before him.
He left them about a half a mile in the wrong direction, their numbers depleted and circled back to where he’d found them. There was little he could do about his tracks in the snow besides take the time to make them as confusing as possible. He took sudden twists and made winding circles, only to retrace his steps and create muddled forks on his path that would slow them down until they got dogs. The dogs would come soon enough, along with more men. Balancing the urge to just go as fast as possible and to proceed carefully and strategically in a way that would give Steve the best chance was like walking on a razor wire.
“Really Uncle Bucky we mustn’t. Father would not approve.”
“Wolfe can’t know for sure. There’s an inspection scheduled next month. He thinks they’ll do it then, make it a show for Goring.”
Tony cocked an eyebrow at him questioningly.
This particular piece to Stefen’s puzzle had been on Tony’s thoughts for weeks now, and on this morning – the last morning – he found little reason not to ask. The captain blinked once more, his lips tightening as he considered whether or not to answer. Tony waited, unusually patient.
“Theys treating you right, ain they Tony?” Clint barked through a mouthful of cake, casting Hammer with a downright menacing glare. The butler actually paled, mouth opening in a silent o’ of apprehension and Tony hid a snicker in his cake. The Brothers had sure tried to polish the boy up and make something civilized out of him, but they’d not done any better at it with Clint than they had Tony.
“I’m too old to be on the road and sneaking about my boy; and what would Nonno and Nonna do? We will take care of each other. It’s you who I will worry for, wandering without your people and not even a promised land to look forward to.” She cradled his cheek tenderly in her hand and just gazed at him, as if she were memorizing the features of his face. “I’d beg you to stay here where you belong… but you belong somewhere else now. Don’t you?”
“Son.” Steve corrected, an image of Ian, holding his shirt and all its missing buttons in hand the night before he’d left to report to his post filling his head. “Ian’s ten. Natacha’s twelve and about to be thirty.”
“Oh, yes. I’m taking the children hunting in the morning. I expect you to come along.”
“You think you have impunity Rogers? You’re a soldier, disposable on the best days and these are not our best days.”
"Polish I mean?" He smiled winsomely at Stefen, who nodded slowly, suspicion flashing through his eyes.
The Rogers children truly did not know how to play it seemed. Well, not fully. Artur was dragging a stick about making drawings with Maria but even in that they were far more careful than any five and seven-year-old had a right to be when it came to sticks and dirt.
Stefen’s eyebrows climbed even higher, his mouth opening in surprise as he lifted the lid of the little white box to reveal the shining face of the brass compass that Tony had made him. It gleamed a golden color in the lamplight. Stefen’s initials were carved into its simple surface, and Tony watched silently as Stefen held his breath and traced the letters with two fingers. His clever hands quickly found the latch to open it. The breath he’d been holding released in a sudden woosh as the clasp released and the front opened to reveal the face of the compass as well as the picture glued inside the door.
Stefen was still shaking.
He didn’t say anything, but his iron grip around Tony’s middle spoke volumes and Tony held him tighter.
Dachau was an intimidating complex by any stretch of the imagination. The camp sat alone, parked at the edge of the river and surrounded by tall stone walls with guard towers strategically placed so that visitors could be seen approaching from all sides. There were five buildings in the main part of the camp, the medical ward being the largest and most imposing of the bunch.  There were bars on the window of the tall building. It was the only one who sported such a feature.
“So it was a trick?” the young boy accused. “You’re a terrible tutor.”
“It was an accident!” James sniffled mournfully and Tony hummed disapprovingly.
As of the beginning of this week FIOT is at bootcamp training to be a United States marine, which I honestly couldn't be more proud (and scared of). We wanted to bring you this extra long chapter to tide you over the three months she'll be off the grid, and the time it will take us to regroup and put together chapter 10 which could unfortunately mean something like a four month break for the fic.
None of the others besides Bucky seemed surprised by his sudden announcement. They were used to the way that waiting around for hours with only the possibility of death at the other end of the wait could make a man willing to share things about his life he wouldn’t otherwise.  They all had to make their peace with the fact that the chance might never come again. It was a comradery older and truer than anything else Steve knew.
It was Tacha. He would have recognized the sound of her footsteps even if she hadn't spoken. Péter turned over and she crossed the room on bare feet and slipped into bed beside him. Péter tucked his covers over her, and her cold toes nudged his feet as she wriggled closer.
Peggy could swim, was a strong swimmer in fact, but she’d always preferred to be on the shore where it was dry and comfortable. Not that she’d ever let a little thing like discomfort stop her. She was always first one in when Péter and Natacha wished to play, and last one out when Stefen didn’t feel like letting her go.
Taking a good look around was the first order of business he determined, after he got something thrown together for the children to eat.
Tony was sitting alone in his room when a hesitant knock on the door pulled his attention away from the small leather bound book open upon his lap.
Sitting in the darkened theater, Tony still wasn’t sure he was making the right decision. He had to give the production its credit, the company clearly stretched every penny to make the ends meet. They’d put together a show they wouldn’t have to hang their heads about. Was it anywhere near the caliber of the star studded performances Tony had been dragged to in his youth, in the golden glow of the Hapsburg Empire? No.
“Auf Wiedersehen, Herr Stark,” Steve said softly in parting and Tony nodded slightly, resigned but brave.
His Nonna’s words came back to him.
For a wild moment Tony contemplated spitting out the no that leaped to his lips, but he swallowed the word as well as the sound as he pushed himself to his feet.
“So you just prefer bombs?” Bucky questioned, a slight jeer to his tone and Tony stiffened.
~~*~S~*~~
independent at that.” Loki drawled with a poignant look at his brother before turning back to Steve and Bucky. “Schmidt would just deny the letter and with no proof besides the captain’s word it would be argued that we were interfering with Poland for our own political gain. Father will never risk making an enemy of Germany based on so little.”
“Shit,
Bucky laughed a full bodied sound.
“Let's talk no more of it. I shall settle it with Péter in the morning.”
they’ve got to hope in something. Haven’t they?” Tony demanded and Frau Hogan’s back stiffened.
“But… but they were abducted? How -” she faltered, staring at him in confusion. He saw the dread wash over her face, the moment she realized.
The bitter ache in his chest threatened to crush him for a moment, until Tony took a deep shuddered breath and buried it down into the crevasse of his heart.
"Nai man...kumpania." Péter sounded it out slowly. "What does it mean?"
“I know. That’s really the point.” Stefen answered, releasing a small huff of breath as Tony lifted one leg in an attempt to slide off the boot, his brow furrowed in thought as he considered the captains words, as well as the well of deep regret he’d spoken them with.
Once more Steve started in his chair, yanked from his troubled musings, this time by the gruff voice of James Bakhuizen, better known as Bucky to his kin, as the man dropped his coat on the back of the seat opposite Steve and sat down. His face still carried a few days stubble from his travel and he quickly accepted the cup Steve pushed his way with a tired grunt.
Unbelievable. But the children were cracking smiles.
“Come on then.” Tony nodded toward the cabin, his arms laden with the supplies, and the children followed him inside trailing behind in a somber line.
“What have the remaining residents been told?” Steve asked Grimm as the man handed him a set of keys to their door as well as the side door downstairs.
“If you do, it will make people think twice before they believe these nasty rumors that are circulating.” Charlotte reminded her. “If you don’t, it will only further entrench their beliefs. And as you said, a rebel in the family is dangerous for everyone.”
Tony read over the document, mildly surprised that his father had parted with so much money just to get someone to take Tony off his hands.
A couple of things.
Tony felt his stomach jerk uneasily. The picture they made, Stefen calm and assured, large hand wrapped around James smaller one as he held the rifle that was nearly as long as he was. Himmler was missing out on prime propaganda material.
It was not that he thought Stefen would willingly choose to betray him.  But the harsh reality was that Stefen had a family to protect and if pressured, Tony would want him to do what was necessary to protect the children. He wouldn’t fault the man if it came to that, but logic said Tony could prevent the issue altogether by just keeping silent.
“Our father is not a deserter.” Natacha refuted coldly. Fearlessly she spoke to the officer, her tone so unwavering that had Tony not known any better he would have believed her himself. “He’s the Lion of Austria. He’d never run from his duty.”
“For the children?” Herr Hammer stared at him as if Tony had slowly started to drool.
“Penny for your thoughts?” Charlotte murmured from the passenger’s seat as Steve drove the family back to the inn that was hosting them. The innkeepers had given them all four of the available rooms, proud and happy to boast that Major Rogers and his family were staying with them. The army had ordered it of course, but Steve had insisted on paying them anyway for their trouble.
Steve switched off the engine of the car just as the front door of the house opened, the General stepping out onto the front step without a jacket despite the snow, a pipe clenched between his lips. He watched silently as Steve stepped from his automobile and closed the door behind him. Feet crunching quietly in the freshly fallen snow.
home then?”
“Yes. They want to finish the tour in Vienna, and then they want to send me to Czechoslovakia, to take control.” He gave her the truth this time. Too exhausted to do anything else but give her what she deserved.
One glance down at the rifle sitting between them on the bed told Tony all that he needed to know and his frown intensified. Péter saw where Tony’s eyes had gone and for a split second, he looked guilty, before he set his jaw and picked up the rifle, meeting Tony’s gaze as he whispered, “there’s only two of them and they aren’t armed. I figured I could take them if they broke through the door, while the others escaped out the window.”
“Why don’t you try.”  He heard Péter ask and Tony glanced up, more than willing to see what Stefen (or even Bakhuizen) could do with a rifle. There was gossip and there was seeing it for yourself after all.
Tony had Stanislov get the tickets for the following month and wrote to Martin, his poor solicitor, who would no doubt be confused by some of its contents, but clear enough on others to know what must be done. The American lawyer Murdock would be given instructions to secure living arrangements in anticipation of Tony’s arrival in New York. Getting there was the feat.
Péter was always up first, since his was the last watch. He’d turn on the radio and rouse Natacha and then Tony. It was a tossup which of them oversaw the preparation of breakfast, and who oversaw the waking and washing up of the younger children. There was no toilet inside the cabin, but there was a covered latrine in the back yard along with a hand pump. So, whoever drew the short straw had to make sure the little ones were bundled up and escort them one by one out to the latrine armed with the pistol.
place to the ground.”
Stark was teasing Ian now and every time he moved that sound came again. The soft clink and subtle rattle, like beads sliding together. Like -
It was hard not to be reminded of his boyhood riding with Bucky in the back of the caravan.
Steve wanted to tell Tony that trust was much easier to demand than to give, and to confess that he hadn’t trusted someone enough to risk sharing a bed with them since Peggy. But somewhere in the middle of his exhausting swirl of thoughts he’d closed his eyes. He opened them only briefly when a sound from the door pinged at his senses, but Tony’s low voice in his ear eased him back into sleep.
“Who is it Dagmar?” He heard a woman’s voice float down from above and a moment later she appeared beside him, wisps of light hair peeking out of her night cap.
"Shhh. You're alright.  It's me. Everything is fine."
“I’m sure he’s very impressed, but our father is trying to get our attention.”
Yes, growled like a beast Tony had made the mistake of poking. There was a wildness in the gleam of his eye as he stared into the fires glow that Tony recognized from the mountain.
We really hope you enjoyed this opening and look forward to the next update. We have no set schedule as yet, as we both work and I have another fic I am working on but encouragement is love. And just between you and me, my partner is a first time fic writer so please tell us how you liked this chapter and send some love her way if you're feeling it as she's wonderful to work with. Adios, and until next time. You're all lovelies.
"NoTony!" She cried adamant, shoving his hands away with a fierce scowl that broke into a bright bubbling giggle just before she set off again. Tony shot Steve an exasperated look over his shoulder and mouthed the word stubborn with emphasis, and Charlotte tried to cover her grin with one mink glove and Steve laughed openly.
All night Steve sat up watching. Waiting. Every shadow seemed to come to life, every sound a threat. Zimmerman offered at first light to take his position, but Steve shook his head and sent him to relieve the private standing look out in the stairwell.
“I believe you just insulted me.”
Hughard Stark was a hero and any number of people were willing to talk about the company, but few knew anything of value about the man’s life, or about his son’s. Some people had even managed to forget that HughardStark had even had a kid!
him and fuck the coup. They’d backed out like cowards, like frightened women, and now they paid the price. “You didn’t have the stomach to do it, so they win. Winner takes
There seemed to be something familiar about the fellow in the cap but Deiter couldn't get a good look at him from behind his paper, and all men started to look the same bundled up tight in the gray of winter. The lieutenant abandoned his curiosity altogether when the waiter came to take his order.
~*~*~*~
Steve leaned back against the wall, gaze flickering over the marks and inscriptions, the pleas and rants, etched by the others who’d inhabited the cell before him.  It was as if the wall was shouting at him. Louder even, then the screams that came up from the basement.
When they reached the vehicle Tony paused, waiting, thrusting a hand out to grab Clint and hold him back as well. Bucky had already opened the driver’s door and climbed halfway inside when he noticed Tony and Clint weren’t moving.
“A weeks grounding, with no desert.” Tony’s face lit up with a smile that reached right into his eyes and Steve’s chest warmed with satisfaction. “But from now on they’re to report their plans for the day, and it’ll be worse if this sort of thing happens again. I mean it Tony.”
“Just for a little while,” he murmured. “I’ll take first watch.”
“James and I have no interest in undermining your organization. But what is it you need from us?”
