“Dude, I’m beat,” Dean groans flopping onto the couch and closing his eyes before Cas can stop him. “You were right about the kids, man. I shouldn’t have underestimated them.”
“Make sure you take breaks if you need em’, and don’t you dare try touching those tires. They’re too heavy!” Bobby yells after him, grumbling under his breath, “This kid makes
“Oh my god, it’s so big,” Dean gasps, trying his best to lie still but wanting nothing more than to get as close as possible to the screen showing his baby. “Is it supposed to be that big?” he asks desperately.
Because omegas were docile, sweet, and submissive. He knew that much. They also needed a strong alpha in their life to take care of them. But that was supposed to be him! His roll was supposed to be the protector, the bread winner, not some delicate flower who got off on some dude on some dude on a power trip!
Dean blushes and Jess laughs but before he can argue that only Jess gets to call him that, Sam asks, “Have you guys thought about baby names yet? I think between the two of you, you guys have got to have some kind of idea!”
“Dean,” he said, seeming to like the way word tasted in his mouth, “Now that we’ve been properly introduced, and I’ve divulged my woes to you, why don’t you tell me what has led you to your current state of inebriation.”
“Jesus, that’s a small statistic,” Dean shakes his head in disbelief. “Is this counting people like me who were determined to be something else?”
“I’ll even give you time to give you time. You don’t have to make a single decision at the present time,” Hopefully this doesn’t sound as desperate as it does in his head, “Just think about what I said. Friends, remember? No pressure, and no expectations. I want to be there for you, Dean.”
little person. But then again, maybe he was being too harsh on Sam; because there was no way Sam could understand everything he’s been and going through.
“Maybe not for you!” he mutters frantically through his fingers, trying to hide how red he is. Even though Cas can’t possibly know
No real plans or schedule to follow, no pressure to do anything or be anywhere. It’s just nice. Really nice.
“You can’t honestly believe you can pick him - ” Bobby starts to say before the words die in his mouth.
“So how are things in the golden state? See any movie stars lately?” Dean asks them, thoroughly enjoying the way Sam rolls his eyes in exasperation. He likes to ask this question almost every time he talks to Sam, and he usually gets the same sass.
Dean shakes his head, hiding his ugly mug against Cas’s neck at the feeling of more tears slipping down his cheeks. He had no fucking control over anything he was feeling right now, and he just wanted it to stop, or for something to at least make sense.
“Cas,” Charlie murmurs more sharply this time, forgetting to whisper. “He needs you. And he needs your scent. Nothing will get better for him, the baby, or you if things continue the way they are.”
There’s only a few pictures inside of course, the ultrasound picture on the first page, the picture with the tree in the background on the back of it, and then another one of Sam’s candid shots- this one of just himself smiling down at his stomach when he’d thought no one was looking.
“Cas…” he says, still housing that fear of waking someone up he’s had since he was little and needed his father. “Cas,” he repeats just a little louder until he can Cas’s eyes groggily open to regard him.
Biting his tongue hard so that no noises escape him, he’s glad Cas doesn’t immediately let go of him. He’s been off his feet too long, and too many things are hitting him at once.
Dean tries to paste on something like a smile on face, but he knows it can’t look quite right. It certainly didn’t feel right, and Cas seems to see right through him on a good day.
It’s only a few heart beats later when the fluttering comes again, this time more distinguishable- and he knows for sure that this isn’t in his head at all. He can feel his jaw hanging wide open, can feel unshed tears blurring his vision, but he doesn’t give a flying fuck as he stares down at his hands.
Shutting the door, he immediately turns his back to it before leaning back. Amongst the craziness going through his head right now, his prevailing thought is; what the
Taking a deep breath, he walks around the bed to wrap his arms around Cas from behind- not even bothering to keep his hold he’d had on his towel- pressing in close to him, kissing his shoulders and neck.
HAHA bet you were surprised to see an update this soon! I apologize if it's a bit rough, I was writing like a woman possessed this weekend, so I haven't read over it much. Is it weird that this is one of my favorite chapters so far, though? You'll see why ;)
“My name is Dean,” he smiles at her, still watching behind her to see if an adult is looking after her. “Is your mom or dad here, Katie? Who’s been taking you trick-or-treating tonight?”
His mouth parts on a startled moan as Cas brushes his hole, trying to clench down but there’s nothing there. Cas is only rubbing his two fingers over it, fucking teasing him. One tip of one finger presses lightly against his opening, rubbing a tiny circle that him keening loudly, teeth breaking free from hips. Keeping it there, Cas repositions himself while Dean is distracted; spreading Dean’s legs wider and making more space for himself so that he’s eye level with Dean’s dick.
Sighing, and rubbing a hand over his face, he can’t help but smile I tiny bit at Cas’s tone. “I’m in here, Cas.”
“I know that, Dean,” he says like Dean is dim. “But I know you better than that. Just go. And please… Don’t fall.”
The cycle repeated for hours, unending as he worked himself into a frenzy with his non-touch. He couldn’t sleep like that, but he couldn’t(wouldn’t) do anything about the ache in his ass, so he had laid there. All night. Panting and writhing in frustration and discomfort, which was slowly morphing into pain.
“Big fucking deal. I could probably count the number of times I’ve heard you cuss on both hands, maybe one,” he challenges.
They both sit in silence for a moment with nothing happening, both rubbing Dean’s stomach to try encourage another kick with no success.
Cas helps Dean turn around so that he’s straddling Cas, and they’re face to face, making it easier to kiss and touch like they so desperately want. His arms are around Cas’s neck, and Cas is holding him so
but it’s distracting. Cas breaks away to press his nose to Dean’s throat, echoing Dean’s moan from before.
“Fuck,” he groans, reaching over to grab at the strategically placed box of tissues on his nightstand. He brings a wad of them up to his nose to try and stem the flow of blood. “That’s been happening when it gets too cold. Goddammit, I knew I should’ve brought some blankets with me,” his voice comes out muffled and gross, only causing Sam’s face to become even more worried.
“Hey, guys? Can I call you tomorrow?” he asks, distracted. “There’s still stuff to talk about but it can wait, right?”
Sam rolls his eyes but pulls a twenty out of his pocket and hands it to her with a smile. “Can’t say that I’m disappointed to lose that one. Congrats guys!”
Cas smirks at him. “You are laughing now, but you’ll see firsthand what I am referring to. Do not underestimate the youth of todays need for confectionery consumption, Dean, you will regret it.”
swear that it will be the last,” Cas says, just as gravely, eyes going soft for a second as stares back at Dean.
“M’fine. Not hurt,” he says, almost smiling at the relieved breath Cas blows loudly into the phone. “Can’t move, though.”
Slanting his mouth as soon as Cas gets the picture and starts kissing him back, Dean mirrors Cas’s hands-which have moved back to cradle his face- and uses his grip to pull him in closer, so that Cas has to hover over him, deepening the kiss to feel as much of Cas’s heat as possible.
Cas doesn’t stop walking, but he does pull back a bit to shoot Dean a skeptical look that Dean doesn’t buy for a single second. “I’m glad you think so, Dean. I’ll make sure to use that strength next time we’re in bed.”
“Don’t be,” Cas says simply, leaning forward to kiss his forehead. “You’re carrying a human being. That’s the most difficult task a person can undertake, and you look stunning while doing it. “
And he was beginning to question Cas’s honesty when he said he didn’t do this often. This man had to have had a lot of fucking experience. Cas was leading, and Dean was blindly following without question. Of course while this thought was going through his head, Cas would fucking pick him up.
“Go on now the both of you,” Missouri says, stepping back. She pats his shoulder once more before making a shooing motion and sitting down again. “You take care boys, and you better let me know the results of your appointment if you know what’s good for you!”
Carefully, Cas knee crawls so that he’s in between Dean’s legs again, a solid wall of heat as Cas presses himself against Dean, skin on skin.
Moving in increments small enough not to bother Cas, he tries and tries to get comfortable; only ending up hurting his back more. He’s so fucking frustrated, wishing he could scent at Cas’s neck like he usually would when he couldn’t sleep. He couldn’t even feel Cas’s heat next to him- having rolled over on his side facing away from Dean- and this whole back thing and this whole not being able to sleep with Cas thing was just not working out.
Pulling the Alpha over close, he pushes the man down a little so that Cas’s head fits comfortably under his chin. Wrapping his arms around Cas’s shoulders, he presses his face into Cas’s hair and just breathes.
But he’s had enough words. Enough of feeling sorry for himself and sorry for Cas. And he doesn’t want to hate himself right now, not when Cas just put himself out there for him the way he just did.
“Please tell me you showered after practice,” he says like he’s not already unzipping his jeans and pulling down Cas’s briefs with greedy fingers. It wouldn’t be the first time they’d gone without. But since the game is tomorrow, Cas’s team basically only had a warm up today. As had Dean’s.
Taking a deep breath, Dean lets himself take comfort in the Alpha. Not Cas forcing their connection for the sake of Dean’s health, not Dean allowing the bare minimum in order to keep his nausea at bay, and not being totally crippled with fear when he finds that he feels content; just like this.
Cas remains tense for a second, stiff in his arms, and a soft whine leaves Dean’s throat before he can stop it. Immediately, Cas’s arms encircle him, going around Dean’s back and squeezing Dean to him. He feels a soft sigh breathed against his forehead and then a whisper of a kiss brushes across his cheek.
The drive to the airport is dead silent- not even the usual strings of classical music to fill in the places words would normally take.
His breathing is still heavy and jagged, so he bites his lip hard in order to hear each and every ring.
“Yeah,” he sighs in contentment, running his hands over his belly just to feel the soft material over his baby. This shit should
“That’s irrelevant. You’re all that matters,” Cas says simply. “Now can we turn you around? Your scent is something else right now. It might help if you scented me more closely.”
Shuttering hard at the memory of that night, he can almost feel the cold white marble of the bathtub he’d sat in all night as the pain had overtook him. It wasn’t just the feelings of heat that had him shaking in the tub, it was fucking fear as well. Of his future, of what his dad and Sammy would think, what he thought of himself. It was all clouded over in fear and misery accompanied by the physical throb of something unknown working him over.
He tries to get his hitched breathing under control while Cas scoots back and gently presses his shoulder down, getting him on his back before cradling the opposite shoulder and shifting Dean towards his own chest.
He sits for another couple of hours, picking up the phone and bringing up Cas’s contact only for him to throw his phone away from him at the last second. He can do this, he thinks blearily, eyes drooping repeatedly as he feels another wave about to hit. He can-
“I wouldn’t recommend staying too late though, Dean. Have you eaten? I could drop off dinner if you’d like?” Cas asks, concern coloring his voice.
“Please,” Cas whispers, still loud enough to be heard from behind the door. “Just tell me you’re okay.”
Dean shifts from foot to foot, antsy at the prospect of being late. It’s funny how lackadaisical he’d been about being late at the beginning of all this, not knowing at the time that he’d been pregnant at the time, but now? If he was late, he was the late pregnant dude. Or he was late because he was pregnant. And that was not the reputation he wanted to maintain in a place he’d earned respect.
He has a point. The tournament could go on for a long ass time if both Russia and the U.S. racked up enough points. And since both teams were heavily favored to win it all, this was a likely possibility. They’d discussed this at length of course, but being here, and experiencing it all made it all the more real.
She leads them towards the back of the store, through racks and racks filled with colorful dresses and skirts and shoes. He tries not to really look at any of it. If he looks too closely, he’ll start to imagine himself wearing something like it, and he would rather not throw up two days in a row, thank you very much. When they get to the back wall, the clothes noticeably more muted and simplistic, they stop.
Cas silences him with a kiss. Slanting his head side-ways to slot their mouths together just right. Arms wind their around Dean’s waist again, and he uses that hold to bring them flush against each other.
God, he could just imagine those thighs- so thick and strong from running- thrusting against him vigorously, the meaty muscle hitting the back of his thighs, skin slapping-
Cas looks torn between not wanting to step farther away from his bed, and going to retrieve Dean’s chart from where he’d dropped it on the floor when Dean had gotten sick.
“Alright then, help me up,” he grunts, pulling on Cas’ arm and rolling over onto his side. “The titanic is down. Goddamn is she getting big.”
He seems to be struggling with something, biting his lip and looking intently at the floor. He can’t see his eyes.
He was fucking naked, gripping the phone like it had all the answers he was seaking, and in the beginning stages of heat for crying out loud.
Touched by Bobby’s kindness but overwhelmed by the need to get inside his own space, he catches his keys, barely manages to say thank you, and all but sprints up to the third floor. He doesn’t even acknowledge Benny who had pulled behind the impala to wait for Bobby. He can’t. He’ll apologize later for being so rude when Benny was trying to help, but he thinks Benny will understand. They both had kept their distance after Benny had dropped that bomb. Alphas were inexplicably drawn to omegas while in heat, as omegas were to Alphas.
“I said, umm. Lets finish up with the presents?” Sam says as serious as he can muster with his shoulders shaking. “I’m going to go with that,” he chuckles, “then we can eat.”
He feels so alive. Every breath, every movement, he can feel it all so fucking keenly. But he needs something more. Something to get him though this weird heaviness sitting over his brain.
As soon as he had finished work, he had been so excited, he’d actually called Cas instead of their usual text, forgetting that he was probably still working.
Dean could feel the laugh vibrate against his skin, leaving pin pricks on sensation in it’s wake. “Where, Dean?”
Gradually, Cas’s scent calms down. And by the time he pulls away from their embrace some minutes later, he even manages a mostly genuine smile.
Slowly, he lets his fingers lightly trail down Dean’s body; over spans of hard muscle until he reaches the softer skin between Dean’s thighs, and parts them. Dean’s still hard from when he was sucking Cas off, but Cas ignores it for now in favor of seeking out one of his favorite parts of Dean.
When the movie is over and they all rouse themselves blurrily, they somehow end up talking about the pup while Cas gives him an impromptu back massage. He hadn’t realized how many knots had accumulated during his pregnancy, and neither had Cas judging by the promise for more regular massages in the future.
“Cas,” he says, hating that he sounds like he’s begging, “Cas. I need you to tell him I can’t talk to him. Please man, just tell him to leave and come back in a few days or something.”
He hadn’t seen the point of looking for his phone until his heat was over, so now here he was, on his hands and knees with his head tilted at an uncomfortable angle, trying to search for the ugly menace.
While Dean says that now, he’s not confident that if Dean made a decision or needed help, that he would ever call him. He was determined to help, whether Dean understood that or not. He would just have to show him.
“We are shopping together, Dean- I don’t see the point in getting both,” Cas says, staring between the carts and the baskets, trying to understand.
Closing his eyes against the terror he can still feel tugging away at his chest, he tucks his nose against Cas’s neck to scent him, fucking relieved he didn’t wake Cas up for once.
taken it easy. The man pretty much lived here. Work’in long hours, then volunteering his time to different departments afterwards, there were some days I was certain he didn’t even
“Just because I’m having a baby doesn’t mean I’m going to be a mommy, Katie.” He tries to explain in a way the little girl might understand, “Some men, like me, can have babies just like your mommy did. Only I guess I’ll be a Daddy instead.”
As soon as Cas leaves, Dean forces himself to get out of bed and get his ass moving. There’s no time to stop and think, because now he has shit to do. He’s gotta get the blockers and then go to work. As long as he has a goal, something to accomplish, he thinks he can avoid another breakdown.
Sighing and not for the first time wishing he could just pop a few Tylenol and be done with it, he hooks his thumbs into the stretchy material and rolls it down his belly. The soft covers are a cool contrast to the confining clothes, so he keeps his shirt pulled all the way up as well, leaving his skin bare for his fingers to roam.
” Sam asks incredulously, leaning towards Dean with his hands on his knees. “Don’t get me wrong, this is like the best news ever, but if you could have heard yourself a few years ago - ”
The next time he wakes up, the television is on with the volume low, and its obviously been a few hours since lunch. An arm tightens around him as he blinks slowly awake, lifting his head up slightly to look around him. Sam is still sitting there, eyes focused on the tv. Turning his head back around to where it had been comfortably resting in the nook that is Cas’s shoulder, he’s met with a smile that has him automatically smiling back despite the fact that he’d been cuddled up into Cas while his brother sat not two feet away.
They’re both a little winded by the time the reach the third flight of stairs, but Dean stops Cas before they can carry on, and turns to meet his eyes.
“Ok. Sorry about that- how can I help you- oh,” she smiles when she can see Dean’s belly. “Daddies to be, huh?”
“Stay here, I’ll grab you something warm,” Cas says immediately, turning and heading out of the bedroom instead of grabbing one of Dean’s things he
Something tickled his neck again, and when he moves to swat at it, he realized he couldn’t, and froze.
“Shhhhh, it’s fine, Dean,” Cas murmurs to him, holding him closer to his body. “It’ll be different now that we’re together again.”
Cas pulls back enough so that he can rest his head on the tense junction between Dean’s shoulders, arms slowly coming around to wrap around Dean’s stomach. His full weight isn’t on him- far from it- but if his pup wasn’t there, he definitely would have face planted. God, his arms couldn’t stop fucking
He doesn’t get to see Jess and Sam’s concerned faces, but he can only imagine if Cas’s scent is anything to go by. Cas’s stress and concern mixed with his own distress is doing nothing to soothe his frazzled nerves.
It’s a little painful to put pressure on his hurt ankle but it’s not unbearable. They move slowly, and steadily, with Cas asking him if he’s okay every few minutes or so.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean rolls his eyes, unconvinced. “Just go get the lube, stud. We need to get this show on the road.”
“What do you mean?” he asks in honest confusion. As far as he could tell, there wasn’t a single thing special about him.
“The night we met, naturally,” he says, not a little sarcastically. “I wanted to get hammered and I’m pretty sure I did that, and then some.”
Hurriedly wrapping a towel around his waste, he hightails towards the door without thinking about what he’s actually doing. The poor guy has been waiting a while, he thinks, and Cas shouldn’t have to wait outside for him while he’s getting dressed too.
He could swear he blacked out for a minute of two. Because the next thing he knows, Cas is leaning over him to kiss him sloppily, slipping out of him as he does so, knot contained inside the condom.
“Dean! Dean? Dean Winchester, I swear I’m going to kick your ass if you’re still sleeping…” Sam trails off, muttering, still knocking on the door. Cas growls quietly in his throat in warning at the threat, but Dean knows Sam is mostly joking. Fuck, he now had two Alphas in close proximity to each other. Again.
There’s another knock on his door that startles him out of his mini panic and has him scrambling to wash off the evidence of his jerk session as soon as fucking possible. As well as another wash behind, as his ass had
Dean was shutting down, and there was nothing he could do about it. He had gotten up without sparing him a parting glance, and left. Leaving behind only his devastation clear in his wake. He could still smell it on him.
Dean rolls his eyes again, but they all go back to their respective meals, a comfortable silence falling over them as they eat, only uttering a word here and there when they come up for air.
“Cas. I’ve never- I’ve never had someone like you,” he begins hoarsely, his heart fucking racing. “You’re always
about hurting another hair on his head, I will fucking kill you. No questions asked, no hesitation.”
Already he looks worlds better then he had yesterday. His cheeks and chest are still a bit flushed, and the smell of heat was still a dominant force to be reckoned with, but looking into Dean’s eyes now, he could see an awareness that had been absent previously. He pushes a sweaty lock of Dean’s hair away from his face where it had stuck in their sleep.
He noses against Cas’s neck, scenting him, as he slowly slides his hand down Cas’s body until he’s lightly stroking the base of Cas’s dick, making his intentions clear. Cas must agree with the direction this night is going, because he doesn’t stop Dean, doesn’t do anything other than lean back into him as he coaxes Cas to hardness with varying pressures on his strokes. He can feel himself getting wet, the scent of slick beginning to fill the room along with Alpha arousal, but he ignores it for now it favor of making Cas feel good.
“Cas,” he snorts, “Look at me. I have a high school diploma, a job as a freakin mechanic, and I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but I’m kind of knocked up,” he says sarcastically, rolling his eyes.
He hears and feels a deep breath being taken, and he does his best to mimic it, seemingly lost in his own body, unable to gain control of anything at the moment.
Thrusting slowly, but hard enough that Dean begins to see stars behind his eyes and he no longer recognizes the sounds coming from his mouth as his own.
“Wait. Don’t you think we should talk? You weren’t exactly buying what I was selling a minute ago…” he trails off, concerned that Cas was willingly to leave without getting the answers he so obviously needed.
“I apologize,” Cas smiles and looks down self-consciously, completely at odds with the picture he presents between his legs. “The way I speak is the way I think, more often then not. Which is more on the logical side versus emotion based. But yes, to answer your question completely, I do believe it will always be this good.”
“Bull. I bet you say that to everyone you’re attempting to get into bed. But it aint working buddy. Especially since I know you’re game. Sweet talk is my middle name.” Hehe- if only he'd given the dude his last name! He'd be "I'm Not Gay Sweet Talk Winchester," he thought to himself with a smirk.
A single tear makes it’s way down his cheek. When he touches it against Cas’s face to make it go away, Cas doesn’t react. “Okay,” he whispers back.
“You think you’re the only one who can sense when the other is upset, dude? Or what? You think I don’t care?”
And Cas was fucking ruthless, mouth parting immediately, tongue trying to acquaint itself with every inch of Dean’s mouth it could. It was slow and sensual, none of that teeth and claws shit that went down last night, although it had about the same affect on his lower half as it did before.
The next morning Cas goes in late to work, so he drops off a fucking huge breakfast; with pancakes, eggs, sausage, bacon, hash browns, and a shit load of fruit(Yes, Cas always slips something healthy into every meal). The fucking works, and then he leaves with that little smile and a
“I love you,” Cas murmurs against the peak, barely lifting his head from Dean’s belly. “Both of you. You and our pup are my life.”
Cas responds by leaning down and blowing a raspberry into his neck, causing Dean to laugh even harder. “Okay, Cas. Real mature.”
Figuring he might as well go for it since he’d already put himself out there, he steps forward to kiss that strange little look off Cas’s face. He’d been eyeing Dean with wide eyes, his scent thickening with something Dean didn’t recognize, but as soon as Dean’s lips met his, Cas was kissing him hard. Lips feverish and demanding, momentarily surprising Dean with the heat behind it.
Guilt consumes him as soon as he thinks this though, and it’s just enough to pull him out of his pity party.
“What?” he says defensively. He just had a fucking life changing realization today, he thinks he deserves a little slack with his attempt at baby talk. Fuck- he’s tired!
Holy fuck, how did he not notice that he was harder than a fucking rock?! And holy fuck- a dude was doing this to him! He’d never, ever, thought that he’d be in this situation. He’d never thought he could even be turned on by a man.
Dean sighs out a huge breath of relief, and finally lets himself relax. The room is silent except for the pup’s heartbeat and a few words spoken here and there from Pam. Cas doesn’t move, and neither does Dean. It’s been about half an hour when he’s just about to start drifting off.
Soon enough, it was eight o’clock, and his high hadn’t been marred much by the tedious work. All he had to do now was call John, and then ‘Operation: Get Drunk Off His Ass’ would officially be under way.
Turning around now to see Cas staring at him, that calculating look still on his face, he blinks when he notices that Dean is dressed and looking at him expectantly.
Reaching over to run his fingers through Dean’s hair, Cas smiles so goddamn affectionately at him, that he has to sit up straighter in order to be closer to him. As soon as he does, Cas uses the smaller distance between them to lean over to kiss his cheek sweetly. He doesn’t really understand how bitching at him could make Cas smell so happy and nauseatingly adoring, but he won’t question it.
He’s about to bolt when a sweet looking women with a nametag reading ‘Sarah’ stops walking and looks at him with sympathy.
He hears a soft chuckle on the other line that automatically has him relaxing and forgetting his back pain for a second. “I’ll always answer when you call, Dean… Well I will do my best. The hospital allows all employees to keep their cellphones with them when their mate is pregnant.”
Everyone gets into position, and he eyes the defender that’s going to be on his ass the entire game….and not in the fun way.
“Okay, Dean,” Cas tells him softly, “I understand. I’ll get there as soon as I can. Until then I need you to do a few things for me. I need you to lock your door, drink lots of water, and…. Dean? Please. Please do not go near the bathtub.”
And it’s only now Dean comes to the realization that Cas was not wearing a condom.  Because while he can feel a shooting warmth deep inside him, it’s the feeling of Cas’s knot that sets him off and makes him see stars. It’s huge. And it fills every single gap inside him, making him feel as if he’d been missing a part of himself all this time.
It’s in his face now. He can’t feel it but he can smell the amazing aroma. It has an automatic reaction on his body, his breathing slowing down to something less dangerous, and sensation slowly begins to creep back into his finger tips. He keeps his eyes closed though, unaware that he’d closed them in the first place.
“You don’t know how I could think that huh? Well let me tell you, it wasn’t exactly hard to come to this conclusion. You are the
He hears a muffled curse and a cabinet slam shut before Cas emerges looking frazzled. He has a huge metal bowl under one arm, and an even larger bag full of assorted candy in the other.
“How the fuck am I supposed to do that, Cas? I’ve already done things I shouldn’t have. How do I even know if its still alive?” he asks, voice shaking, finally voicing the fear that had been plaguing him since even before he’d made up his mind. He’d known he had fucked up the moment Cas had told him that fucking test was positive.
It’s quiet then, and Dean can tell the time for talking is over. All the words left unsaid will be saved for tomorrow. For now, Cas resumes stroking his hair, and Dean basks in the renewal of Cas’s natural(fucking awesome) scent. He ‘s watching the days happening in rewind in his head, seeing it all again like watching a movie. It’s not actually a calming thought, and it definitely won’t help lull him to sleep, but Dean can’t but laugh quietly, thinking about one thing in particular over and over again right before he’s about to fall asleep.
He’s crouched there, right in front of the door, leaning over the trash can, so naturally that is the exact moment Cas decides to come visit him.
Cas smooths his fingers over Dean’s ass, parting his cheeks and ghosting his fingers over where Dean is sensitive and waiting. Carefully, Cas helps Dean reposition himself over Cas again and slowly-finally- sink down. Dean wants to close his eyes and just
“It’s time for your real present, Dean,” Cas moves so that he can circle his arms around Dean from behind.
“Dean,” Benny sighs, coming over to sit on Dean’s rolling chair as Dean finishes polishing off the buff he’d been working on. “It ain’t a big deal. I was seeing if he would rise to the bait, and he didn’t. End of story.”
All the blood drains from Dean’s face as he finally puts it all together before all of it makes a quick return, rushing to his cheeks, his ears, his neck. His whole body is flushed, feeling more naked then he was a few minutes ago in just a towel.
After he had dropped the metaphorical bomb, Dean hadn’t spoken, hadn’t even made a sound. When he’d met Dean eyes as he’d felt the rug being pulled from beneath his feet, all he got were dead eyes. Completely blank. No emotion, no inkling of the feelings he knew had to be in chaos inside of him leaked through that beautifully shattered man’s face. Nothing.
; quiet whines he fails to muffle completely against the damp material of Cas’s shirt as he fucks himself on the man’s fingers.
“I’m sure she appreciates it,” Cas hums, scent back to content and adoring- Cas’ usual setting. “Did you want to get up and use the restroom? Or I could grab us something to eat? I’m on lunch now.”
Cas rolls his eyes at him but chuckles as well. “You’re right. The last thing we need is another fall.”
Lifting his ass, unconsciously trying to force the finger inside himself, he groans when Cas’s hands clamp around his hips and pin them to the bed.
Looked like a lot of medical mumbo jumbo. Must be a waiver? The presiding doctor, Crowley, as the top of the form said, was not to be held liable for any harm that happened under the facilities’ care, blah blah blah... Standard bullshit, he guessed.
This time when they wake up in almost exactly the same position as before, he doesn’t freak out. Because he’s not the only one getting a little too carried away in his sleep.
either. Just looked a bit bloated was all. No one could tell him otherwise as he still hid behind his hoodies and garage jump suit. Benny had actually poked fun of him for, “Lookin good for his gal.”
Cas is looking down at him guiltily, but the heat- a wet wash cloth he realizes- doesn’t stop in its path the way he expects it to, only continues on to slide over his shoulder before he reaches up to cover Cas’s hand with his own.
“This is the perfect spot to make a call, wouldn’t you agree?” Cas murmurs downto him. Dean just nods and closes his eyes, hoping to save himself any further embarrassment.
“I can see that,” Cas slides his thumbs down to wipe them away. “Do you want to tell me the real reason that you’re upset?” he whispers quietly so no one else can hear.
Pulling away abruptly and ducking when Cas tries to follow with his lips, Dean smirks to himself before shoving Cas down on the couch and crawling into his lap again.
Instead of answering though, Dean kisses him. It’s short and sweet, tasting of cinnamon and brown sugar, and Dean hopes Cas understands that he’s saying sorry.
They are twenty minutes in, and it hasn’t gotten any better. His mind keeps running over his conversation with Sam. Before, he’d been contemplating telling Sam everything the next time they spoke; thinking maybe Sam could lend some support, thinking Sam might be the one person besides Cas to have his back. That wouldn’t be happening now. If he automatically thought he’d changed his ways for a random Alpha, rolled over and let someone make them their damsel in distress, then he was pretty sure his little brother would judge the hell out of him if he knew the truth; and he didn’t need that. Obviously Sam didn’t think much of him. Thinking about Sam’s reaction, he could only imagine the reaction he would get from someone who wasn’t his family. He was going to get laughed at, and no one would ever take him seriously again.
There really was no denying it anymore; he’s depressed and deserves to be after all the damage he’d caused.
“Cas…” he starts brokenly, because he was hoping to avoid having to tell Castiel the decision he had come to. Especially right now, as he can feel his hormones playing with his emotions again, making him feel like he was about to cry.
Especially when Cas makes sounds as well, jesus. He seems to enjoy this almost as much as Dean does, moans of his own making Dean shake and cry out even louder.
Dean slaps a palm to his face, dragging it down so that Benny can see the daggers he directing at him. “First of all, I’m
Although it was a date with his doctor instead of the sexy kind like he would have preferred, it was still enough to drag his ass out of bed.
He has to bite his lip and blink back tears as they slowly pull into a familiar driveway. Even though he feels as though he couldn’t be more different than the last time he left this house, the house itself looks exactly the way it always has. There’s something so achingly comforting in that fact- like it and it’s occupant has been waiting for him this entire time with open arms- that he suddenly feels an overwhelming amount of eagerness to be inside with Cas.
His suspicion is confirmed when he hears a knock at his door. It’s Cas, and he’s not in his business casual for once, or that weird ass trench coat he likes to wear. He’s wearing
He’s interrupted when Dean throws a pillow at his retreating back, startling him a little, and he turns back around to glare at a smirking Dean.
Cas had made him chug a bunch of water before allowing him to step out that door, and he feels it now as it sloshes noisily within. It’s a good thing he’s too tired right now to think about it, because there was nothing he could do about that now. And since Cas told him beforehand to wear something “comfortable” for the appointment, he has no problem slouching down in his seat and closing his eyes.
“I wish I didn’t have to. This is not something I want anywhere near you or the pup,” Cas closes his eyes again, leaning into Dean. “Apparently enough time has passed between now and Luke’s death to reestablish old ways. Both Michael and Luke have occasionally asked me for money in the past, but I had hoped Michael had learned from Luke’s mistakes. I was wrong.”
“Bobby,” he says, unimpressed. “Can you wait like ten minutes? I’m sure Cas will be upset with me if I let someone chew me out before him.”
Without leaving his name. But Cas obviously understands as he can see the three little dots meaning Cas is writing something back.
ask for help, Castiel understood that it was of dire importance. If he knows Dean as well as he’d like to believe, Dean had probably suffered in silence up until he couldn’t handle it anymore. And then, and only then, Dean had reached out to him. For him. His stomach clenches when he thinks about what Dean must be going through. Alone.
“That smell,” he moans pathetically, fisting his hands in Cas’s shirt, so overwhelmed, and trying not to gag again. Cas’s scent masks it a little, but not enough.
Cas moves so he can press their foreheads together, and they both smile and close their eyes when their baby’s heartbeat fills the room.
Although he smiles and closes his eyes when Cas starts to hum along to that damn cd again. It really didn’t hurt when he wasn’t moving, so the entire ride he just pretends this is any other day; with maybe just an extra visit from Cas and a nap.
By the time he’s pulling up to the apartment, it’s almost nine o’clock. He hadn’t even noticed how dark it had gotten until the shop went silent, and he realized everyone had already gone home.
“Dean, it’s okay, you don’t have to look at me. Just listen, okay?” Sam begins gently. “I know we didn’t grow up the same way. Weren’t raised the same either. I can’t imagine everything you’ve been through, and how you must feel. So much has changed since we were kids, but one thing hasn’t. You have always been and always will be my best friend. We may fight, and there will probably be some quiet times, but I will
Sighing as Cas slips another finger in him, his eyes are startled open at the feeling of warm come covering his hand, dick, and lower stomach. But when he sees Cas’s eyes squeezed closed, mouth parted slightly in pleasure as Dean continues to work him through it, he smiles. Dean would usually be so lost in bliss by this point he’d always missed Cas’s O face. Seeing it now, he’s surprised by how much he likes that face. He’s the reason for that face. Even huge and pregnant, Dean can make Cas lose it.
“You are never going to get this time back, Castiel. This is your first child. Dean’s first pregnancy. Yes, your job is important, but let’s be honest, you’re always going to have it unless you choose otherwise. You’re the best doctor we have, They aren’t going to get rid of you because you need to decrease your hours a bit, and no one will blame you for it or think differently about you either.”
Smiling at the fucking sappy look on Cas’s face and the excitement coming from his scent, he hips checks Cas on the way to the door. “Shuttup,” he drawls, shaking his head.
Every minute that ticked by, every torturous hour he lay panting and sweating in a puddle of his own making he thought about giving in. Deep down, he knew it would make him feel better, relieve the heat behind his eyes and chest just enough to take the edge off.
With dawning horror, Dean shakily reached behind himself with a single finger, prodding down the line of his crack beneath his boxers carefully, like he was about to diffuse a bomb.
His backside started to hurt as he lay on his side, trying to avoid any and all things from coming in contact with the slick steadily dripping out of his hole.
He’d pushed everyone he cares about away, and he shouldn’t be surprised by the loneliness and desolation he’s feeling now.
“Don’t look at me like that. This wasn’t my idea,” Cas raises his hands, the picture of innocence. He doesn’t believe it for a minute.
“Oh,” is all she says, still stroking the sides of Dean’s stomach. She looks up when they both hear a panting man stumble up the walkway to Cas’s house.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas murmurs softly into his ear, low enough that Sam leans forward to catch what’s being said. “I didn’t mean to upset you.”
It’s hard to fall asleep on his back with all the pup’s weight on his body. He’s got almost all the pillows under his back, shoulders, and head, but it’s not enough.
Hair either matted down or sticking up in random tufts, soft blue eyes trained on him and an even softer smile….the four inches between them seemed way too far.
For now, he and Cas can sit on opposite ends of the couch from each other and subtly take comfort in each other’s scents while pretending they’re two normal dudes just hanging out.
Cas does not look too happy to be interrupted, but he stops, lifting his head to poke over Dean’s stomach but leaving his fingers where they are; curling them slowly while Cas looks to him in question, something shiny around the edges of his mouth.
“M’fine, m’fine,” he insists, muffled against the warm skin of Cas’s neck. “Just don’t let go ..I’m so sorry, Cas. Don’t go.”
Smiling, and wrapping an arm around the man to bring him closer, he knew there was no moving backwards after this.
At first Dean is content to rub their erections together through the thin material of his boxers and the rough material of Cas’s jeans, but after a few minutes of barely there pleasure, he urges Cas back enough to shimmy down his jeans. As soon as they’re far enough down his thighs, Cas is back in place again, only this time, lower. Fitting himself against Dean’s ass to where he can feel slick soaking through the material.
Dean’s world turns to white and black and blue as he clenches on the warm muscle inside him. Distantly he knows he must’ve pushed it out with how hard his hole was trying to spasm around it, but there’s something inside him replacing it. Filling him up and making him feel like a bolt of lightening. And distantly he’s aware that his throat will be sore tomorrow from the way he’s screaming.
“You sure?” Jess asks with a note of worry in her voice. “When was the last time you went to bed this early and slept through the night?”
Sleepily washing the dishes while Cas bags up the left overs, the both freeze when someone starts to bang on the front door.
“Come on, Cas,” he whispers, barely a few inches between them, only slightly awkward as Dean continues to press the ice pack against his face, “Lets get out of here.”
Cas blinks at him in surprise again, but it quickly morphs into that weirdly intense staring into your soul stare that he’s only ever seen Cas do. He doesn’t know what Cas is looking for, and he’s not sure what he’s found in Dean’s eyes, but it had to have been a good thing.
The water isn’t hot, but its warm enough that Dean sinks back into Cas, sighing deeply and tucking his nose to Cas’s chest.
Dean closes his eyes against the image of Cas, sad and alone trying to get ahold of him with no success. He knows Cas is a worrier, impossibly concerned over the littlest things, always trying to protect Dean from anything and everything that has the potential to harm him. And even though he’d ripped Cas’s heart out and stomped on it right in front of him, he had no doubt in his mind that Cas was climbing the walls as each call and text to him went unanswered.
Feeling cold air on his face finally, he lowers the shirt from his face and turns his face to smile hesitantly at Cas. “That was easier than I thought it would be.”
black eye tomorrow. “Lets avoid violence in the future though, shall we? And I ought to check out that eye, Dean. Just in case.”
The only sound in the house is Cas’s bare feet padding quietly on the wood floor, and Dean’s boots he’d hastily shoved on before his manic drive to the suburbs. It might as well have been another world with the difference in the way he feels now compared to half an hour ago.
Standing up, he cradles Dean’s jaw between his hands and kisses him with all the emotions he wishes he could express. All the things he knew he felt, but knew Dean wasn’t ready to hear.
Dean’s fingers grip Cas’s tense biceps, trying unsuccessfully to ground himself, but quickly gets lost in the pleasure.
“This isn’t your fault Bobby,” Dean says softly, finally gathering his wits enough to pat him on the back cautiously. “I don’t blame you. I don’t blame anybody, not even John.”
“I’m not gonna hold your hand and tell you what to do, but you need a reality check kid,” Bobby growls. “You should be the most important thing in that asshole’s life. You and that pup. I suggest you give him a call. Let him decide whether or not this is important.”
“I can see the headlines now,” he muses, leaning heavily on Cas. “Omega sues boyfriend for passing on undesirable personality traits to their pup.”
The water feels good. His over heated body appreciates the coolness pouring down his head, but the feeling of water trickling between his cheeks, just that tiny brush of sensation, has his ass spasming around nothing, clenching and unclenching against his will.
Cas is careful with him. Gentle hands and motions move him until Cas can slide behind him, with Dean between Cas’s legs, his back to Cas’s chest. At first Dean thinks this isn’t going to work- because how the fuck could anybody sleep like that? But when Cas wraps his arms around him from behind and slowly leans back against the pillows, he immediately relaxes into Cas’s hold.
“Cas,” he whispers uncertainly against the man’s neck as he presses himself along Castiel’s side. He’s nervous, but determined. “There’s something I need to do.”
Shaking his head, and coming to the realization that he’s sitting on the floor in front of his toilet practically naked, he is all too down for getting back into bed. Hopefully this time, he can stay in a little bit longer.
“Yes, you do.” Cas agrees, sitting him down on the toilet like he’s made of glass. “But I am fairly certain my way was faster and done with much less complaining.”
Now though, when Cas offers it to him, he snatches it greedily out of his hands and covers his legs and hands immediately, sighing gratefully and clutching it close.
“Sleep now,” Cas soothes, continuing his ministrations across Dean’s stomach and helping lull him to sleep. Nuzzling into Cas again, he closes his eyes and tries to get as much sleep as possible before he has to get up at the ass crack of dawn. But even as he drifts off he can’t quite make himself regret the decision to volunteer to take Cas.
“M’sorry, Cas,” Dean says, voice deep and hoarse after his impromptu barfing session. He bites his lip hard, frustrated with himself for ruining the first real holiday he’s had in a long time. And to make matters worse, he realizes for the first time how wet the spot he’d been laying his head on is. Silent, deceptive tears had been making there way down his face without him even noticing, adding tears as well as throw up to Cas’s poor shirt.
When his fingers were good and wet again, Cas finally released Dean’s dick from his mouth, smiling when Dean groaned at the loss of sensation.
The problem was that by the time he was laying in Cas’s ginormous bed with Cas wrapped around him, he was too comfortable. He fell right to sleep.
Castiel hadn’t gone from zero to sixty for no reason. Eyes widening, Cas is off the bed again and looking for clothes, causing another almost déjà vu moment.
“I’m running because I don’t want to be stuck with you, Cas,” he says quietly, turning towards the door and looking back over his shoulder to look down his nose at Cas. Every words feels like a knife twisting in his heart. “We are not mates. We aren’t anything. You have no hold over me anymore.”
“You’re the best, Charlie,” Dean mumbles, blurrily trying to open his eyes and look towards the direction he thinks her voice was coming from.
“Yes. But by the time he’d come in to the office, he’d been off his suppressants for some time. It was in Dean’s scent,” Cas says solemnly. “I had no idea that Dean was an Omega before then.”
He walks all the way back up to Cas, but instead of kissing him again he wraps his arms around his neck to press their foreheads together.
A laugh vibrates under his ear, but when Dean starts to pull away to see the expression on Cas’ face, Cas’ arms tighten around him, keeping him in place there against his chest. “You’ll see. Don’t worry about it. I will take care of you.”
“Open it,” he prompts softly, anything to get that kind of attention off him. “Come sit next to me first, Cas.”
“It’s got your name written on it, Dean,” Cas says like he’s proud of his choice. He stands and walks it over to Dean but when he hands it to him and moves to get up, Sam shakes his head.
“Dean,” Benny says quietly. But Dean doesn’t look up from his shoes. He kind of feels likes he’s going to throw up actually. “Dean, come on now buddy, don’t look like that.”
Cas doesn’t try to make him talk. Even after his tears are long gone and they’re both preparing to leave for work. The silence isn’t awkward though, and he’s glad Cas knows that there is no pressure to fill it. It gives him time to think.
“Dean,” Cas whispers roughly, pausing his rhythm to watch Dean. He moans when Dean shifts on his cock, twitching and running his fingers over Dean’s hips to settle himself. “You’re- god. You are-”
He’s actually glad he ran into her. Glad he gets to keep a friendship he was sure he’d have to burn after she found out he was an omega. The situation they were in was strange, but in a good way. Lisa was a good person, and he didn’t know why he’d doubted her in the first place.
“I’m not. I’m not strong. I’m a…I’m a bitch, Cas. I c-can’t do any-anything anymore.” Dean gasps, his words almost too garbled for Castiel to hear.
had warned against being alone during pregnancy, and since he couldn’t leave his place, this was the next best thing.
“This might sound a little silly,” Cas starts, but he’s still smiling. “There’s been no definitive studies that support as much…but there’s no harm in trying. Some suggest that parents play classical music while their babies are in the womb. To soothe and comfort them.”
“I haven’t lied to you, Dean,” Cas says, continuing to stroke circles into Dean’s stomach. “I have rarely entered into a long-term relationship, and the list of people I’ve
“You do have your moments,” Dean smiles for the first time in week. “Thanks, Sam. I’d always wanted a little sister to confide in,” he pokes teasingly, trying to alleviate the heaviness he’s still feeling deep within his chest.
He was paralyzed, hand stuck on his lower back, confused and irritated with himself for stopping. Or starting?
What once started as hitched breathing and quiet tears has turned into something more. Something that has been building up for far too long. Dean finally feels like himself again, but just in time to completely lose it.
Pulling out and pushing back into Dean’s wet heat, he only needs a few more thrusts before his knot locks them together. Eyes closing in ecstasy as he lets go, he can feel Dean squirming and moaning quietly as he’s filled with warm come.
Ducking his head to suck at one of his nipples, crooking all three fingers just so, Dean forgets about his dick in favor tugging Cas’s head closer to his chest, a deep moan vibrating through his throat as his orgasm hits him like a ton of bricks.
“Cas?” he says desperately, starting to rock the thing in his arms in hopes of calming it. Obviously if it’s crying, it’s breathing. Cas will know what to do.
“I didn’t give you a choice,” Dean rasps desperately, giving up at keeping his tears at bay. “I made sure of it, Cas. I pushed you away and ran. It’s my fault.”
, and when Dean opens his eyes, the smile on Cas’s face is one he’ll never forget. It transforms his face, his eyes, his little dimples; almost making him look angelic in the dim morning light.
“I know it is,” Cas agrees quietly, stroking his fingers through Dean’s hair. “But we are getting the hang of it, aren’t we?”
“You do, Dean,” Cas says simply, but that’s it. He can probably tell how uncomfortable Dean is, so he doesn’t push any further.
Still dripping wet with a towel slung haphazardly around his waist, he turns his back to Cas as he gathers his clothes to change into. Cas had fallen into the pattern of leaving a few things at Dean’s apartment just in case, so he knew Cas was probably changing too. It’s not that he was opposed to letting Cas borrow his clothes or anything, but he was mostly sure he’d stretched out every single thing he’d ever owned to the point that it’d probably look ridiculous hanging off of Cas. His self-esteem could not take another hit like that.
He has to keep randomly fighting back tears, to which Cas even more confusingly responds by immediately holding him closer like he knows Dean needs to be comforted.
So far this mate thing was kind of fucking awesome. Cas smelling even better than he did before is just a plus, he thinks as he presses his nose to Cas’ neck and inhales as much as he can.
After Cas’s clothes were hurriedly discarded and lube retrieved, condom successfully, if not clumsily applied, Dean was expecting what came next. Meaning pain this time. Cas looked fucking big. Way too big to be going into to someone’s body. Especially his. Fuck, could he really go through with this? His orgasmic high was starting to fade, and his nerves were coming back full force. This could change everything. Sure, he’d left behind everything that made him an omega, but he couldn’t deny that he was about to do something he’d swear he’d never do. When he was alone and shivering in that bath tub all those years ago, he’d cemented the idea in his head. That being an omega meant you were a bitch to be taken. And being an omega was something awful, something to be ashamed of. All his life, he’d been ashamed of what he was. Ashamed of what he was because he’d let his father down.
“No, Dean,” Cas murmurs, and Dean is surprised to realize how soft Cas’s face has become, none of the unbridled fervor from before. Cas brushes a few sweaty strands of hair from his clammy forehead before he says, “Not like this. You would hate me if we did this during your heat, and I would hate myself.”
And that right there, along with the funny warm feeling that automatically rushed to the surface, was way too much to process after everything that had happened yesterday and last night. And this felt waaaaaay too much like deja vu.
Sam visibly hesitates. “I can take a guess. He wouldn’t say much besides that, ‘It’s Dean’s decision to disclose any information’… But he sounded rough. Almost as rough as you.”
“Don’t, Dean,” Cas says softly, “You need to hear this, beautiful, if only once. I don’t know what has happened in the past to make you so fearful of what you are, and you don’t have to tell me ever, if you don’t want to. But this self-loathing you carry around like a badge isn’t healthy. It’s probably another factor in the reasons you’re so ill. It’s poison, Dean, to feel so harshly about yourself the way I know you do. Whatever happened in the past, it needs to actually
He remembers all the shit that went down last night, but vaguely, like there’d been a kind of mist or haze over the memory. The thing that stood out the most though…he remembers very fucking clearly.
Hot breath ghosts over his now fully erect dick, and he startled by how close Cas’s face must be to it. He still keeps his eyes clenched shut though. Even as a tongue presses to the tip of his dick, licking away the precome dripping from the slit.
A sound leaves his throat that he is definitely not proud of, so he rushes to turn back around and put his head down.
“He called yesterday,” Dean says, flushing and looking down at his knees. “It was uh- right before I called you.”
Hands run up and down his thighs. Rubbing and coaxing. Legs which had been pressed together in discomfort are separated and spread. The bed shifts as Cas situates himself, and Dean bites his lip hard when his hole is exposed to the air and waits.
“You better. Here boy, take your keys,” Bobby says, tossing them over the car when he notices Dean about to book it. “And give me a call if ya need anything. I’ll keep my phone with me.”
Cas’s smile softens as he looks back at him, blue eyes sparkling with unshed tears. He reaches over with his free hand and stroke Dean’s cheek. “I heard.”
Groaning when Cas’s dick brushes his hole, he thinks about how it would feel to have Cas inside him again. Filling him the way he body was demanding; hot and hard, and so big he thought there was no way he’d fit.
Cas smiles at him before wrapping an arm around him and tucking him close to his side. His words are for Sam, but he doesn’t look away from Dean. “You’re very welcome, Sam. I’m happy to have you here.”
Cas leads him to the table and then disappears into the walk in pantry. Sounds of shuffling and things being moved the only sound before Cas reemerges with two boxes of cereal in each hand- which he raises in question.
with is relatively short. I by no means denied myself gratification, but I just didn’t have the time or desire to seek out anything substantial with those particular relationships. Additionally, my partners, or most of them, were put off due to the hours I put in at work.”
“I think I’m good,” he takes the laptop, while staring between Cas’s legs. The dude’s still naked. And hell if that ain’t the biggest distraction.
“It’s alright. Unfortunately, it wasn’t a complete surprise. He chose a dangerous path, and no matter how hard we tried to help him, he continued to rebel. His fall from grace was a long time coming,” he said. He clenched his jaw before downing his shot. Dean slid him his as well, the poor guy needed it more.
“You are it for me, Dean Winchester,” he says simply. “I will never want anyone else but you. I’m afraid you’re stuck with me.”
For whatever reason, Gabe hadn’t been able to drop off the food he’d promised last night, but around eleven, he comes by with about a dozen pie boxes and four bags of food piled high in the back of his BMW. He’s got plans somewhere or another, but that doesn’t stop him from pestering Cas in the kitchen, and taking a weird interest in Sam’s height, giving Dean plenty of new ammo in case Sam starts being a little shit. When he leaves, Dean and Sam reluctantly head for the living room when they’re kicked out of the kitchen, and they end up watching football. Neither of them is particularly interested in the teams playing, and Dean ends up falling asleep before half-time, but hey, that’s what you did on thanksgiving.
About ten minutes later, he’s shivering in the chilled room when he finally hears something approaching his door, obviously taking the folder from the door. Closing his eyes when he sees the door handle start to move, he takes a deep breath to settle himself.
“It’s fine, Dean,” Cas assures him as he makes his way to his feet and brushes off his back. “I got off work early today, and thought I’d head over. I should have asked you when you got off beforehand.”
Dean can’t help the smile that comes at the sound of that gravelly voice, and he’s so fucking glad no one is around to see it. “Hey,” is the only thing he manages to say back.
Neither is the next day, but that’s because they spend it in much the same way except without the sleepover. When Cas comes over in the morning, it’s like nothing has changed. Dean was nervous, thinking Cas would want more from him then he was ready to give, but when he opens the door for Cas Sunday morning, Cas just smiles at him the way he always does and deposits the food he always brings. They don’t kiss again and Cas doesn’t bring it up. But after they eat and put on the third movie in the trilogy, Dean does lay his head back in Cas’s lap again. He can’t resist, and he can tell it makes Cas happy by the way his scent increases to make Dean feel like he’s punch drunk off it.
It’s at least a couple of hours before he gathers the strength and he can feel his legs enough to get him out of the tub and back into bed. It feels as if he’s been stuck inside his head, arguing with himself for what feels like weeks instead of mere hours.
Glancing up from what looked like two names written in a bunch of hearts, her eyes did an automatic sweep up and down.
“Where you going?” he grumbles sleepily, struggling to turn onto his back to see where Cas was headed.
He doesn’t know what he was expecting- a kiss, another hug, gay declarations of affections- but none of that comes.
They’d have to come up with both boy and girl names at this point, not knowing the sex of the pup. Cas had told him they could go in for another ultra-sound when they got closer to his due date, but waiting that long to have some concept of what they wanted to name their child was kind of pushing it in his opinion. Maybe he’d pick up one of those baby names books or something, that way he’d have a bunch of options.
“Relax. From what you’ve described, I do think it’s most likely a pulled muscle. But I’d much rather be safe than sorry.”
Dean hums in agreement, the vibration of it sending pleasure spiking all along his spine- signaling the edge of the cliff. Which is not where he needs this night to end.
It would probably be weird to kiss Cas in front of his little brother and his mate right? Yeah, that would be- here he goes.
Cas, who had let out a relieved sigh when Dean ceased the motion of his hips, tightened his arms around Dean while inching his hips away from his lower half. “What are you talking about?” he asks tiredly, voice still rough with lust he hadn’t been able to help.
He hadn’t realized he’d closed his eyes, but it was way too much effort to try now. Especially when he was actively moving his hips to try and help Cas on his hunt for Dean’s prostate.
But Cas’s grip on Dean’s hips doesn’t loosen, and his thrusts don’t slow down at all. Jerking back and forth, not even trying to gain control of his hips, he clenches his eyes shut and bites his lip in pleasure. Holy shit, Cas felt so good.
Absently, he runs his fingers over his belly, brought back to the horror of thinking he’d hurt her- or worse, lost her. He’d been so stupid to risk something like that. He can feel himself getting upset all over again, so he tries to take a deep breath to settle himself before continuing. Damn, everything is just
“Celeste! That’s enough now, you leave that boy alone,” comes a sweet voice from behind the wall. He definitely remembers that voice.
At his words, Dean opens his eyes to consider Castiel again. No one has ever said that to him before. No one has willingly reached out to him to let him know that they supported him or wanted to be there for him as a source of comfort or companionship. But could he even allow that now, after everything? At least he agreed that he needed time even for this.
“Of course, sweetheart, be my guest,” she smiles softly but doesn’t take her eyes off the screen or stop the gentle circles she’s making with the wand.
Hesitating slightly, still so fucking unsure of himself, he raises his arm slowly to touch the side of Cas’s face with his fingers; a barely there touch that Cas leans into. It’s a far cry from the intimacy they shared last night, but it’s a start.
“Noooooo…” the ghost groans, stomping a foot underneath his sheet, as the witch glares at him like he’d committed a major faux pas.
“I know,” he pants back, barely circling his hips backwards against his will. This is nothing like earlier. There is no guilt, no disgust, and for once, he doesn’t feel ashamed of what he’s doing.
The couple puts their heads down and keep walking, talking as they go, but Dean stares at them until he can’t see them anymore. “Do all pregnant people get this kinda treatment? Or am I just super lucky?” he snarks, for once slightly relieved when he sees a hospital staff member coming over with a wheelchair.
But then Cas blinks, and all the blood drains from his face, leaving him looking pale and anxious, and Alpha concern floods the bathroom. “Dean, did you hit your head when you fell? I can see the wound to your face, but you might have sustained a concussion upon impact when you hit the floor.”
Jess finally pulls away, taking a step back and looking Dean up and down, eyes roving over his stomach intensely. A hand covers her mouth as tears suddenly fill her eyes.
Either John has exhausted himself from trying to get free, or Cas really did a number on him, because as soon as Cas is off him John doesn’t try to do anything more than get his elbows underneath him to prop himself a little to stare at them. God, John’s face is a mess. If Dean had to guess, it was the second option that was keeping John from trying anything else.
Blearily, he’s aware of Cas following closely behind him, but that’s about as much info as his blissed out mind can comprehend.
Lol this was not how the chapter was supposed to go.... Awell. It has a ind of it's own. Haha hope you...enjoy;)
Being on the register for the day wasn’t exactly exciting, but he’d take bitch work for a day over losing his fucking job!
And god, if he felt this good right now, he couldn’t imagine the delicious ache Cas’s knot would cause. Why he’d been so scared of that thing, he can’t imagine now. It had somehow hit every spot inside him, lighting him up from the inside out. Fuck Sam and everything else. He might be addicted to Cas.
- and it all sounds fucking amazing. Mouth watering, he realizes this is probably what Cas had meant when he said don’t go too crazy. He’s never really had a sweet tooth before though, so now that he does, he kind of wants it all.
“I’m glad, you knucklehead,” Bobby grunts, stepping back to lean against the car, keeping his watchful gaze on Dean. “Someone oughtta care about your well-being besides me. You obviously don’t.”
Yet at the same time, there is no point in trying to console Cas when he was very close to making it a hell of a lot worse.
“My ass,” he smirks, opening his eyes, mere inches away from Cas’s face now. “And yeah. Right when I landed my head clipped the stair behind me. Just a little bit. It didn’t hurt.”
The first two times it happened, Cas turned towards a gasping Dean, kissing his face and murmuring soft words of comfort that fell on deaf ears. He fought against it, turning away from him and moving over as far as the bed allowed. He’d harbored just enough of the sting from earlier in the night to ignore Cas’s soothing words. But by the third time and on, Cas kept his eyes closed and just held him tighter; gathering him close, and running his fingers through Dean’s hair while Dean fought to get air.
“C’mere you freak,” he murmurs hoarsely, already reaching for him before Cas starts moving. Pulling him in so that Cas’s head is cradled to his chest, crazy hair tickling his chin. Cas wraps himself around Dean’s stomach, hands going to rub at his bare skin while Dean’s fingers attempt to comb their way through Cas’s chronic bedhead. “You know it’s rude to stare, right? ‘Specially when they’re sleeping.”
“Alright, little man,” he smirks down where the basket is braced against the front of his belly. “Let’s do this.”
Biting his lip, Dean stares at the Alpha before looking down at their hands like Cas had a second ago. The sight makes him feel warm inside.
After she looks him over in excruciating detail, talk shifts to the consequences of his latest mistake.
“Dean…my god, how could you not tell me you’re pregnant? All this time - ” Sam chokes. But if anything, Dean looks even more angry.
Sam looks like he’s about to start speaking, but Dean holds up a single finger to shush him into waiting. Narrowing his eyes at the sound of Cas’s footsteps making their way back into the living room, Cas doesn’t come back empty handed. He’s carrying Dean’s thick comforter, the only thing really safe from Dean’s heat since it’d been way too stifling on his skin.
Renewing his effort on the massage he’s attempting to give himself, he finally just says, “I’m fine. Just a headache. Nothing you can do about it.”
“That’s my fault, sorry Castiel,” Jess pipes up, wiping away the last of her own tears. “We had some catching up to do. It got a little intense.”
Dean bites his lip and closes his eyes, but at least there isn’t an immediate rebuttal. That means Dean is thinking it over which is a good sign.
“Fantastic.” Dean groans, laying back against the arm of the couch and throwing his arms over his face. “I’m gonna look like a fucking whale, aren’t I?” he mutters into against his skin.
Cas leans down to gently kiss the top of his foot before lowering it back down and grabbing the things he brought with him before standing.
Jogging over to the shuttles that bring them directly to the airport, he not so subtly inserts himself in front of the line of tired looking people who turn to glare at him. Luckily for him though, they don’t say anything. They must see the desperation and stress all over his face, or even smell it in his scent, because they give him a wide berth the entirety of the 6 minutes ride.
“It’s not what you’re imagining, I assure you,” Cas actually had the nerve to look amused at Dean’s obvious fear, “And I’m almost positive you will experience some kind of improvement with your nausea and vomiting.”
Reaching on either side of him to the sides of the tub, he holds as much of his weight as possible so that Cas can slip out from underneath him and get his feet under him. When he stands and finally gets a good look at the damage, he shakes his head in amused dismay.
“I know it’s like 8:30 or something- but I think brownies would be the perfect way to finish the day. Whatcha think?” he asks Cas critically, pretending to really think about it.
“Dean- I forgot to get an answer earlier,” Cas’ voice comes from the hallway, sounding like it’s getting closer- causing Dean’s head to jerk towards the sound of it. “I started to make pasta, but I thought I’d double check with you since I’m waiting on the water to boil.”
Dean’s hair is mussed from sleep and his cheeks are sleep warm and flushed. Green eyes look up at him, trusting and soft, and he’s very tempted to slip back into bed and repeat their morning activities. Dean’s scent this far into the pregnancy was driving his inner Alpha absolutely insane. It was actually almost painful to leave him right now, but they only had a small window of time and it needed to be done.
Him and the pup never would have made it this far if not for Cas. Cas had given them a reason to wake up in the morning and
For the people who are like me and hate errors- please forgive me. I'll go back and edit all of this when I have the time! Hope you enjoyed and aren't too mad at me <3
“You see what I mean,” Cas says quietly, leaning in to kiss Dean’s cheek sweetly. “Let’s get you out…so I can get back in.”
“It’s really alright, Dean. I can stay the night if you’d think that might help you sleep tonight,” Cas offers, trying to catch Dean’s eyes as they drop to the last few bites of his macaroni.
I’m thanking you, I guess,” Dean murmurs. “I was pretty much fucking asking for it. God – I’m a fucking mess,” he groans, lifting his head to look down at himself for the first time. “Jesus - ” he hisses, reaching back to pull a sheet over himself as shame starts to creep up his neck at the sight he makes.
He gets one second to drink Cas in; standing over him in all his naked glory, eyes roving all over Dean, a couple drops of water still clinging to his skin, his cock still hard and flushed for him-
“Is this Dean Winchester? Hi, this is Rachel Hollo from Dr. Novak’s office. I’m sorry to bother you, but unfortunately, we have to cancel your appointment with us today. Dr. Novak had a family emergency and will not be in for the rest of the week. Is there another time you’d like to reschedule?”
Grabbing at his legs again, he spread Dean’s thighs apart and stepped between them. Dean was totally exposed. No clothes or distractions hiding him this time. Dragging his hands from Dean’s hard nipples, across his abs and spread thighs, Cas raked his nails in a light scratch until he was rubbing at his ass again.
Cas is quickly closing the distance between them at the same time Dean is raising his arms out to reach for him. Cas doesn’t stop, doesn’t even hesitate before he’s dropping to his knees and cradling Dean.
Thinking back to the alcohol fueled rage, the sleepless nights and barely eating….he shakes his head, heart sinking as he’s reminded of just how big of a failure he is. As a parent, and as a partner for letting Cas feel the way he is.
Because he knew from the day that he’d presented, and probably from the day he’d been born, that he was completely and utterly, fucked.
The world doesn’t end, nothing explodes, and John doesn’t come running into the room. Nothing happens, when he feels like it should. Something to mirror the way he’s feeling right now. All there is after he finally gets the words out, is silence.
He’d been in America for at least twelve years, but hadn’t managed to lose it in the slightest. It made the man self conscious sometimes, but not here. Here, Dean was the one with an accent.
Craning his neck to stare into those blue eyes that had been wreaking havoc on his emotions from day one, he realizes he’d momentarily forgotten their purpose for being here. Tearing his eyes away from Cas, he turns to see Missouri smiling at the two of them knowingly.
Cas walks over to hand Sam and Jess a single envelope, gives Dean a small, neatly wrapped box, and then sits beside him with an expectant look.
His head ache just went up a notch in intensity as he feels the anger pump it’s way through his system.
starts to sink down on Cas’s cock. It’s fucking weird to have that kind of pressure between his cheeks again, but it’s a good kind of weird. There’s really no resistance, no stretch as he takes Cas inside him.
Poor Cas. From his father’s appearance, from the kiss, and from Dean’s new revelation, he can tell Cas is floundering in the wake of so
He doesn’t know how much time has gone by before he feels Cas’s chest deviate from it’s regular rhythmic pattern, catching his attention to let him know Cas is about to speak.
“You’re so beautiful, Dean,” Cas pulls away to pant against Dean’s neck. “So beautiful. It’s not even remotely fair.”
And this conversation was a long time coming. It was time to do what Dean should have done a long fucking time ago.
“Okay, okay. Maybe he didn’t get that trait from you,” Dean conceded, still chuckling. He sobers up when Cas reaches down to palm the side of his belly.
Just their lips are touching in that moment. A soft slip and side of lips. Cas’s are a little chapped, a little dry- but they’re still the best thing he’s every felt.
“I told him I love him,” he admits brokenly. He doesn’t open his eyes. He knows what expression will be on their faces, and he expects any kind of response to his statement will be difficult to find.
Cas had been so into it, he’d crawled between Dean’s legs to watch where Dean’s fingers disappeared, and when he couldn’t handle keeping his hands to himself any longer, he’d leaned in to lick a long stripe around Dean’s digits, tongue brushing his rim
“It does matter,” Jess pulls away slightly so that she can meet his eyes. “It matters more than ever, Dean. You know I love Sam more than anything, but I’ve never been more disappointed with him. I know he apologized to you, but I just wanted to do it again.”
Cas is still resisting though, holding himself off Dean with arms braced on either side of him, looking fucking scared, like he’s afraid Dean is about to break, and Dean needs him to know that this is okay. This is what he wants. He wants Cas to lose control. He wants Cas to
Smiling at the sight, he decides this is going to be a fast trip. In and out. It’ll only take a couple hours, but even that’s too long to be away from Dean and their pup.
Cas could have said something to him, could have asked him something, but Dean has clocked out. His limbs and head felt warm and fuzzy, and he suddenly had a warm body wrapping itself around him. Right now, it was time to sleep.
Why hadn’t Dean just told him in the first place? He couldn’t help but think as he pulled up to Dean’s apartment. Yes, Omega males were extremely rare, but it wasn’t his place to judge another living being. In his opinion, Omegas were the strongest and the most versatile of all humans, able to bare children regardless of sex. Frankly, he was disgusted by the traditionalists who were stuck in the past and refused to see Omegas as anything other than property. As submissive things that’s sole purpose was to be subservient to alphas will and whim. Those archaic ideals should have died way longer than fifty years ago. Omegas did not deserve the discrimination they had or still continue to face. It was completely ludicrous. Male or female, Omegas were to be cherished and respected.
Seeing their hands intertwine has him turning around and beckoning Cas over. He’d been watching their little reunion scene unfold with soft eyes, keeping his distance, but close enough not to go completely undetected. When he sees Dean motioning for him, he quickly steps into place besides Dean, smiling politely at Sam and Jess.
“Sorry, sweetheart, I didn’t mean to startle you,” Cas soothes, leaning down to press kisses to his stomach while stroking over his sides while Dean tries to catch his breath again. “The last thing you should feel is embarrassment. Over anything, Dean. You’re injured. And carrying the baby is a taking it’s toll on your health as well. It’s okay to take it easy right now. You deserve that. And accepting the things that you deserve does not make you weak,” he squints down at Dean knowingly. “I wish you could see that.”
“It would seem that I require a minute, Dean,” comes his quiet murmur, a weird hitch to his voice, still not turning around, “We’ll be on our way shortly though.”
“And I-,” his voice breaks, “I apologize if for any reason you misconstrued my reasons for agreeing with your boss’s decision. I never wanted you to feel as if your voice and opinion don’t matter to me. It matters to me more than you could possibly know.”
He wants to get Dean cleaned up, knows it’ll make him feel better in the long-run, but for now Dean needs him here. That fact even more evident as Dean turns his head to scent groggily at Catiel’s neck, relaxing even further as he breathes it in greedily.
That might explain the vomiting, his bodies come down from such a powerful suppressant. A new suppressant would also cause symptoms until his body grew accustomed to it.
“Just wait a minute, Dean,” she cuts in softly, “Let me say my peace and then you can try unsuccessfully to talk yourself down. You oughtta hear this…I’ve known Castiel for some years now. And in all the time that I’ve known him, he ain’t
, is. You have options. And whichever option you chose, I will support you in any way you’ll let me.”
It’s like a flood, and he’s drowning in it. All the emotions, all the pain and misery from the last couple of weeks, accumulating in this moment so that’s he’s incapable of anything but pressing himself against Cas as hard as he can.
That was a huge part of why he was so horrified. He was lost. Overwhelmed to the point of severe distress. And he could smell it permeating his room.
He closes his eyes again as his eyes start to tear up and his throat closes, but it’s too late to stop it up. When he tries to blink them away, it only makes it worse, so he decides to just let it happen despite being in front of his little brother and Jess. He’s all fucked up on hormones anyway, no point in trying to control it. His shoulders start to shake as the water works begin.
“Fuck,” Dean groans, squeezing his eyes closed. On the tip of his tongue is the request for Cas to bite him, to mate him, but something stops him. A thought that reminds him to enjoy this while he still can because this little bit of heaven is temporary. This is probably his last chance to be what Cas wants him to be.
It’s slow work, peaceful in a way, because everything around him was quiet as well. It was repetitive and calming. And f course, it gave him more time to think.
“Dean, this is my older brother Gabriel. Gabriel, this is who I’ve been talking about. This is Dean.”
“Okay,” Dean mutters against Cas’s neck, reluctant to move now that Cas’s scent is back to it’s awesomness and he has unlimited access to it. But he lets himself be herded to bed anyway. Laying down first, before immediately finding Castiel again.
anyone but Cas, but he’s so fucking hurt and confused- he can’t help but to think back to his old cooping mechanisms. He’s got nothing.
Rounding the corner at the top of the stairs, he watches Cas’s smile morph into a frown as he catches sight of Dean. Dropping the food he has in his hands, he takes the few steps necessary to get to Dean. Wrapping an arm around his waist, Cas pulls him close and waddles them towards the door. He kind of feels like an over-tired toddler being helped to bed, but he’s really too tired to complain.
comfortable, but Dean can’t help but think it’d be a lot more comfortable with a certain Alpha snuggled up behind him. He realizes he’s the one being slightly ridiculous now, but as soon as Cas had walked out the door with a promise to visit him as soon as he could, his anxiety and emotions immediately went haywire.
“Before I leave, there’s something I’d like to ask you,” Cas says, hesitating warily, squeezing Dean’s hand.
“Yes. He owns this place actually. I know you don’t know much about Gabriel yet, but if you did, you’d know immediately how much of himself he’s put into this place. Did you happen to catch the name of this establishment?” Cas asks, amusement evident in his voice as he shakes his head.
A single tear slips out the corner of his eye as his vision blurs, and he tries to turn away, to breath, to gather himself, but he barely sees movement in his peripheral vision, and there’s suddenly an overgrown man-child hugging the shit out of him.
His thighs start to burn as Cas picks up his pace, pounding up into his ass now- tearing breathless noises from his throat- and he can’t keep up. He wanted it faster, but he’s kind of pregnant and out of shape right now.
He almost had a heart attack when Dean tripped last week. He’d only stumbled a little, throwing out his hands to balance himself just in case, but Cas had swooped in like Dean was about to tumble off of a cliff- grabbing him around the waist and tripping over his words as he rambled on about being more careful.
Not sure what y'all were expecting for this chapter, but this was always the plan. It was meant to be longer, but it kind of got out of control, so I promise whatever you're missing *hint hint will be in the next chapter! This is going to be a long ass story you guys, and I hope you're down for the long haul!
,” Dean gasps as he’s forced into wrapping his arms around Cas’s neck if he doesn’t want to fall. He may dig his nails into Cas’s back a little more than necessary as Cas starts to fucking walk. “Put me down fucker, this isn’t funny!”
“You should never have been left on your own, Dean,” Cas says. “No matter what was said. You and the pup are too important to be left up to chance like that. The risks… I know better than anyone that Omegas are especially vulnerable during their pregnancies and I know better than anyone how difficult yours has been.”
“Yeah,” he whispers back, squeezing Cas’s hand in reassurance. For Cas or for him though, he isn’t sure.
“Not necessarily,” Cas says cautiously, pursing his lips and seeming to think something over. “I may have a solution, but I’m not sure you’ll be…amendable to it.”
as he passes, but he’s too distracted by Cas to care. He’s still glaring at the man, and Dean can smell the hostility and
“You haven’t said anything, Dean,” Cas says, the tone of his voice light and teasing. “I guess I must have been mistaken. You obviously want this,” he says before removing his hands and sucking the tip of Dean’s erection into his mouth.
“You heard me,” he glares, holding his ground. If he’s gonna do this, he’s going to have to leave no room for argument.
“You could say that again,” Dean chuckles, shaking his head. “The last twenty four hours or so have been a roller coaster. I’m surprised I haven’t thrown up, actually.”
All this time he knew he’d eventually get here, to this day. He thought he was ready for it to finally be done. But now that he was here, facing down the threat of confrontation… All he wanted was more time.
“Fifteen minutes are u- Dean,” Cas takes hasty steps towards him, “Why are you sitting that way? On the
“I purchased ornaments and lights…would you like to help me decorate the tree?” Cas asks, sounding shy all of a sudden.
“Why does that concern you Dean?” Cas asks seriously, suddenly no traces of their previous laughter or smiles. “Are you ashamed over the fact that you are carrying a life inside you?”
I finish wrapping my presents,” Dean insists. He’s still very aware of the book in his hand that is supposed to be going to the man right outside the bedroom, and he can’t relax knowing Cas could very easily ignore him. It’s gotta be special, goddammit.
When he’s done relieving himself, still not feeling too hot and feeling way too warm, he decides to check on Cas and Jess in the kitchen.
“So am I,” Cas mutters darkly, fingers tightening around Dean. “John Winchester is a deplorable man who had-
Blinking out of his pup induced daze, he clears his throat awkwardly, aware that he was visibly fawning. “Uh- yeah. I started feeling kicks a few weeks ago. You- you wanna feel?” he asks, feeling extremely insecure. It wasn’t a big deal or anything, he wouldn’t be surprised if Sam said no, he wouldn’t even care-
Hey friends! Hope everyone is doing well! If any of you talented artists would be interested in created fan-art for this story, PLEASE let me know, because that would be fucking awesome! Anyway, please enjoy! Love y'all.
“Alright, lay it on me, you crybaby,” he rolls his eyes and shifts so that he can lose the icepack. He didn’t need it anymore.
. He’d almost rather him go off on an emotional tangent or whatever so he could at least have the chance to argue back. The way Cas did shit, not only did he prove himself correct, but he made Dean feel like an idiot most of the time.
“Nothing,” he says as he also takes a step back now, “I just got off work and wanted to check on you. Is there something wrong, Dean?”
He shouldn’t have jinxed himself, or challenged the fucking universe, because a minute later, Cas walks back into the room with nothing on except for a pair of
Dean’s scent hadn’t lessened in intensity at all, so the entire time, and even after, he’s hovering so close to Dean that it’s as if they hadn’t gotten out of bed at all.
Dean chuckles, a weak, disgusting sound at the nickname, and Cas clutches him closer. Dean sighs deeply, still unwilling to open his eyes at the sound of two retreating footsteps.
“Cas!” he interrupts, “Me and the pup are fine,” he says as he pats his stomach lightly, secretly wishing the baby would move again, “Don’t we smell fine? I know you can scent us,” he accuses.
Dean’s slick coats his fingers as he thrusts them in and out, and he’s tempted to lick the sweetness off his fingers if not directly from it’s source like he’d discovered Dean likes very much. But Dean’s too close, too desperate for Castiel to stop now, and so is he. Though he’s embarrassed to admit it, rubbing his cock against Dean had been enough to inch him close to the edge, caught up in Dean’s raw pleasure and the scent of lust clinging to his skin.
“Yes, you did,” he says, “But you said you started showing symptoms what, Friday? You waited almost twenty-four hours, in pain I might add, to reach out. Can’t you see something wrong with this picture, Dean?”
“-Don’t say that you are fine, Dean,” Cas huffs. “You’re not fine. But you will be. Just…Just let me do this.”
“Oh god, are we the kind of mates who quote Titanic now?” Dean scoffs, disgusted. “When did that happen? I did
“Just about,” Cas mutters, distracted by attempting not to spill, “My belongings are packed and ready to go by the door. You just need to eat and we can leave.”
By the time he’d asked for the soonest available flight to Kansas, the flight had less than half an hour until take off, and the woman booking tickets had at first old him there were no more available seats and that he’d have to wait another five hours until the next flight.
“Dean,” Sam says, a regretful hitch to his voice, “You have to know how sorry I am about what I said. The second the words left my mouth I regretted them. Do you know Jess gave me the cold shoulder for a
“I fucking hate you,” Dean grumbles into his ear. “You’re fucking lucky you just got punched in the face or else I’d do the honors myself.”
“This isn’t your fault, Dean,” he says heatedly, “None of this is, and you do not deserve this kind of treatment from your family. Right now, you need support, people you can rely on and trust. Not people who are too ignorant to see a good thing when it’s right in front of them!”
“Since pups start hearing sound at around 18 weeks, I’m fairly positive ours is listening to you speak at all times. Although it won’t be able to compute what it is that is being said,” Cas smirks, “I thought it might do well to stop cursing in front of it.”
If he hadn’t parked under a streetlight, he wouldn’t have noticed his car sitting a little bit lower than was normal.
He’s placed in the back seat after a long ass struggle, Cas’s trench coat placed over him, a peck to his lips, and then Cas is behind the wheel and they’re moving. Even though it hurt, some part of his mind wishes Cas could still hold him. Either Bobby or Cas had managed to grab the icepacks before their departure, so he was cold and pretty miserable back here by himself. He wanted to cling to Cas’s heat and drown in that Alpha scent.
He couldn’t quit now, he thought, as he took to sucking Cas’s fingers again. He was so fucking close. To what exactly, he wasn’t sure.
see you,” he rolls his eyes at Dean’s shape from underneath the comforter, “I’ve never seen you so…content? Peaceful? I don’t know man, but it’s good.”
Gabriel was clearly… excited? He’d had this grin that Dean could already tell meant trouble when he said they would be seeing a lot more of him now. And he even dropped the word “Uncle” like he was ready to be involved with the pup in a more involved way. Cas’s whole face had lit up as he’d stared incredulously at his brother, and Dean had been hard-pressed to respond with anything resembling intelligence.
a new one some years later. Gabriel, Michael, and Luke. They are my foster brothers. And I love them. Love them fiercely. They were all I had before you and the pup.”
“Do I look alright, Cas?” he sighs in exasperation, “Do I smell alright? Is there anything about my life that is
But thinking usually leads to a conversation, and he wasn’t ready to put his emotions to words yet. Maybe he’d never be. So instead of waiting for the words to come, he presses his nose to Cas’s neck, closes his eyes and inhales deeply.
He couldn’t wait to see him again. Maybe then he could actually articulate how grateful he was for Cas’s presence through all this bullshit.
for finally acknowledging my allergy. If only Cas would do the same,” he smirks, looking sideways at Cas.
, he reaches out to ring the door bell twice before biting his lip and starting to pace. Fuck this was a bad idea. Cas probably wouldn’t even answer the door- he wouldn’t if his door bell rang at 2am. He probably would’ve slept through it. Hopefully Cas would so Dean would be spared the embarrassment of looking like a whiny omega begging for his Alpha’s attention-
Dean gets to his feet too, but it’s only to stand behind the wall dividing the kitchen from the entry way so that he’s hidden but can still mostly see what’s going on. Hearing, on the other hand, will another problem all on it’s own.
Faces so close together, noses almost brushing, sharing the same air. It only seems natural that Dean lean in and press his lips against Cas’s.
“I have a family,” he chokes. Even when his brain tells him he’s alone, the fact that there are people who love and support him is undeniable. He’s just gotta remember that when things feel dark.
Cas is sitting at his desk, head bent and shoulders slumped, elbows resting on the desk while he holds his face with rigid fingers. The room smells of stress and frustration. But the scent that has him padding quietly into the room is Cas’s sadness. It’s heavy and bitter, filling up his nose and making it uncomfortable to breathe. He goes from tired and grumpy to alert and on edge in the span of a few seconds.
Taking a step closer to him as the elevator starts it’s accent to the third floor, Cas places a hand against his lower back again. “I can scent your anxiety, Dean,” Cas says quietly, “Are you nervous? There’s no need to be.”
Every negative thought, every doubt I’ve ever had about myself came back. How could I like these things now after years of being repulsed by them? And god- the nightmares…”
He doesn’t want to talk. He wishes he couldn’t think. It’s just too damn loud in his brain right now, but that’s not Castiel’s fault. There was no point on taking out his frustrations on the only fucking person who has his back.
“Okaaaaay,” Dean stops him, holding up a tired hand that’s cocooned along with the rest of him. “Definitely not talking about either of those things with you, dude. Let’s just chalk it up to be generally tired. All the time. So… what I miss while I was out?”
Cas seems to get that he was a little slow on the go, and smiles against Dean’s ear, chuckling softly when Dean throws his legs open wide at his gentle prodding.
Cas scoffs at him but doesn’t argue, taking a second in between whatever he’s got planned to massage Dean’s tight muscles. The way he digs his fingers into the meat of Dean’s hamstrings has him groaning in appreciation.
Thinking he couldn’t actually bear the sight of someone else working on baby, he forgoes heading to see her, choosing instead to go right to the desk in the front. Where he belongs.
But when Cas pulls his fingers out with a wet pop, Dean freezes, going tense all over as the last few minutes sink in. Panting now for an entirely different reason than pleasure now, panic sweeps over him suddenly.
Tightening his grip, he squeezed the tip tightly and spread precome with his thumb as it dragged over the slit.
The thought of anything against his heated skin right now would be agonizing. Even the sheets underneath him feel hot and uncomfortable as he mushes his face against the familiar material, closing his eyes and trying to scent anything to ground him.
“Hey,” Dean protests immediately, turning to glare at the man next to him. “I was feeling a lot better a second ago.”
“Why,” Cas starts lazily, tiredly scrubbing a hand down his face, “do you insist on repeatedly disrupting my sleeping patterns?”
He hates seeing Dean so distraught, hates to see the man break down like this, but he’s also extremely grateful that Dean isn’t fighting him. He would have been driving himself insane with worry if he was on the other side of that door, not knowing what was going on with his mate.
He bites his lip as he watches Cas head for the door, when he suddenly thinks of a solution. Needs to be done anyway.
Cas looks like he’s about to argue, probably insist that he come with him, but before he can, Dean walks over to stand in front of him; tipping his head up to kiss him softly.
“I- I it’s not a big deal, Dean. I didn’t want to trouble you with my trivial grievances,” Cas speaks quietly against the skin of Dean’s forehead. This close to Cas, the smell of sadness is much more potent.
“I mean you kind of bought me dinner,” he joked, motioning to the empty shot glasses, “Now I feel like a proper lady, all wined and dined and shit.”
Chuckling to himself, he puts his phone back before resuming his previous task of trying to inhale as much of that scent as possible before he falls asleep again. Soon, he won’t have it at all, as he’ll probably never see Cas again after this week, is his last thought before succumbing.
The angle they’re at his awkward and not really ideal in terms of friction, but neither tries to shift into a more comfortable position, and they make it work. Cas is kissing him all over, on his neck, on his lips, all over his face as he thrusts down and into Dean.
everything was. Driving along, anywhere he turned, the leaves were red, orange, yellow, or brown. Gone were the last remnants of summer, all the green he’d been so accustomed to seeing, and he hadn’t even noticed.
“Go figure,” Dean mutters nasally- still completely stuffed up-rolling his eyes. “The one food that makes thanksgiving-
It’s silent except for their breathing, and neither of them try to move into a different position. Dean wonders if Cas is thinking about everything  as hard as he was. If he was worrying silently at the same time as him. God, there was so much at stake right now, and he had no clue what was going to happen, or even what he wanted. Now wasn’t the time to be overwhelmed though, that was tomorrow. For now, there was nothing else to do for it besides sleep. He was going to be needing it if he and Cas were going to talk again tomorrow/later today. But already he felt a little, tiny bit, lighter from their conversation tonight, so hopefully it wouldn’t be too horrible. Closing his eyes, he listens to the man breathing besides him, and tries to match it with his own.
“Exactly right, Castiel,” Jess giggles. “Lets put it to a vote, shall we? All those in favor of a vegetarian Christmas, raise your hands.”
“Save yourself. Leave me here,” Dean mutters around a yawn. The thought of leaving this warm little bubble of safety was seriously unappealing. Especially if it meant riding in a wheelchair so soon after the last time.
Smirking at Cas’s wrecked voice, he pulls his hand away to lick it quickly, ignoring the saltiness of it as he brings it back down to stroke Cas in earnest now; creating a wet channel he always tries to duplicate in the shower. Squeezing from the base to the tip as fast as he can now, he bites his lip to stifle his moan as Cas groans loudly into his hair and circles his hips into Dean’s hand.
“Cas,” he whispers shakily, bracing himself on the couch now to slant his mouth to Cas’s. Their angle is a little too awkward for it to be a very long kiss, but it’s still enough, still enough for him to feel Cas and for him to demonstrate his own feelings without saying anything. Lips and teeth and tongue. Because he does have feelings for Cas, maybe even the same ones he can see on Cas’s face, but that would be too much too soon.
John’s eyes never waver from the death glare he’s aiming at Cas, so Dean clears his throat obnoxiously to get his attention. “Hey! Eyes on me asshole! You’re lucky we’re even letting you have a say in the first place.”
Dean’s movements are frenzied and uncoordinated as fear turns to lust in a blink of an eye. And Cas is stepping towards him too fucking slow, too fucking cautious.
My body is literally begging you to fucking take care of me without me getting a say in it? God- just when I thought I couldn’t be more pathetic.”
“You’re not my dad, Bobby,” Dean snaps, breathing heard, panic starting to fill his chest now. “You have no say over what I do.”
“Ahhh ahhh,” Dean moans, frantically working his hips as Cas starts to wiggle his tongue just inside his opening. For a second he remembers he should shut the fuck up, should be embarrassed by how much he’s enjoying this, but that second passes quickly, and he’s using his free hand to pull his leg up higher to spread himself more for Cas’s tongue.
gone pee, and Pamela had given them the photo he was currently obsessing over, they’d left the hospital and were now driving god knows where. He could honestly say he had no idea where they were, where they were headed, or how long he’d been sitting, speechless, in the passenger seat.
When he makes his way through the automatic doors, he’s immediately overwhelmed, unsettled by so many
“But you kind of are though,” he insists, clenching his eyes closed. He takes a deep breath and lets it out noisily. He can fucking do this. He knew no better way to let Benny know that he had Dean’s trust. Even though this fucking hurt. “Benny…the thing with Cas is that he was… he was my first.”
Smiling at how flustered Cas is, he watches silently as he Castiel continues to look for his shirt which is actually right behind him. It’s kind of entertaining to see the dude with ruffled feathers for once.
“Harder,” he grunts, digging his heels into the backs of Cas’s thick thighs. Who knew Russians were this
“The sweaters you got from Christmas. They’re particularly soft and thick enough for either indoors or outdoors. You have a couple to choose from.”
Cas had volunteered to cook, and when they stopped in to eat lunch at Gabriel’s restaurant, Gabriel had promised to have Dean’s favorites delivered the night before. Not that turkey, ham, and mashed potatoes went together with lasagna and ravioli, but Dean thought the combo sounded fucking delicious. Pies fit in with the traditional spread right? So he wasn’t going too far out of the holiday spectrum. Cas had just smiled at his excitement over Gabe’s offer, and when they left and Cas hugged Gabriel a little longer than he had before, well, he looked away and let them have their moment.
Swiping over Dean’s hole with his tongue again and again, he hears someone screaming somewhere in the apartment; loud and fucking annoying. Trying to drown it own and focus on the weird and fucking awesome feeling of someone
Closing his eyes and resting his head back against the head rest, he tries to relax as much as possible with heart pounding away in his chest. He’d done his best. Now, it was out of his hands. Hopefully Dean had heeded his words and taken steps to care for himself. This was going to be the longest, most painful flight in the world.
He had agreed, albeit grudgingly, seeing nothing wrong with the way he stocked his cabinets, and now here he was. Fucking wet and frustrated, seriously contemplating if he had enough time to jerk off before Cas got here. If he saw Cas right now, all wired up and tense, Cas would surely know that something was up, and that was
It takes a little shifting, made all the more difficult by his increased circumference and weight, but by the time they find the perfect angle for Dean’s head to fit against Cas’s shoulder, his eyes are already drifting closed and the rhythmic strokes against the bare skin of his stomach have him relaxed and practically boneless.
“Dean!” a very fucking familiar voice calls. “Dean, open the door! I didn’t come all this way for you to ignore me again!”
There is a heavy weight on his chest at the same time as his mind shuts down. He can’t think about anything other than two things.
quickly wrapping around him like a second blanket. “What’s this? What happened?” he worries, voice soft. Ignoring his brother and Jess’s eyes, Cas climbs up on the bed to scoop Dean up again.
“Please, drink. I apologize for putting a damper on an already sour mood, but it seems now you must follow through with our agreement.”
He hadn’t realized when Cas had brought out the plates, but he notices when Cas and Sam are finished before him that Cas had given him a lot more food then either of them. They start talking about their careers, about doctoring and lawyering and all that jazz, and Dean looks between the two of them, not even really paying attention to their actual words as he eats slowly. A buzz starts in his chest, something that feels a lot like happiness as he sits between these two men, and before he knows it he’s leaning on Cas’s shoulder, eyes blinking heavily as the sound of Cas’s and his brother’s voices has him sinking gradually into sleep.
“Dammit, Cas,” he grumbles in embarrassment, “Can you not make this weird? Just hold my fucking hand and be a man about it.”
It’s still fucking beautiful a week and a half later, and he’d be lying if he said he didn’t have about a hundred different pictures of it at different angles and times saved to his phone.
“Okay. Well you should also know something else, Dean. I didn’t want to tell you in case it doesn’t pan out, but it seems relevant now…” Sam pauses. “After I found out about you and Cas, I called dad.”
“I couldn’t possibly answer that question to it’s fullest extend because there are so many reasons. My answer would be limitless. So the real question becomes; how could I
They get so caught up in talking about the pup, Sam and Cas just as equally invested in the conversation, they don’t even think twice about ordering lunch and letting the hours just fly by.
What kind of doctor would have done something so ridiculous?! Someone who had been taking suppressants for the majority of their life could just not quit cold-turkey.
After all the frustration and disappointment he’d faced while trying to jerk himself off, he was fucking astonished by the fact that if Cas hadn’t been able to wake him up, he probably would have come just from what he’d been doing. Now that he was conscious, he was aware of just how much his body had been responding. He was hot all over, breath coming quick, and since he’d gone commando to sleep, his slick was soaking through Cas’s pajama pants.
“I don’t want to influence your decision in any way, but I need to make this very clear. If you go through with this, I very much want to be included in your life as well as the baby’s. In any way you’ll have me. It doesn’t  have to be a romantic relationship. I’m hoping one way or the other, that we can at least be friends. But either way, we’re in this together, Dean.”
“Back off Rapunzel,” he wheezes through a tight throat. His fingers are still cradling his pup, so he releases his hold to blindly feel around behind him in order to shove weakly at his brother. “Can’t control it any more than you can control those long locks of yours.”
He doesn’t even pause for a response before Cas’s dick is in his mouth and he’s sucking on it like his favorite flavored popsicle.
“Yes, but on the bright side, the medication seems to have also eliminated your ability to produce heats, since their sole purpose is to prepare for breeding and reproduction. Your current symptoms are a byproduct of taking the suppressants when there isn’t anything to suppress.”
Seemingly in a blink of an eye, with really no recollection of the journey there, Dean’s pulling the Impala into her usual parking spot. And then he’s inside, sweating as the old heater in Bobby’s office chugs away and steals all the air from the room.
The line went dead. He stared at his phone for a second in shock, before throwing it as hard as he could against the wall, breathing like he’d just ran a marathon.
“You heard what Anna said, Dean,” Cas argues, not budging and sounding distinctly stressed. “You need to be resting. If you were to stand now - ”
Patting his stomach one more time, he focuses his attention back on the busted tail light in front of him.
“I was sick,” he says slowly, uttering the words as quietly as he can, just loud enough for Bobby to hear, “But it’s because…Uhhh…It’s because I’m pregnant.”
he corrects, smirking. “Loosely translated, it means ‘Get out of my balls’ restaurant. It was meant to be a pun about meatballs, and he was banking on the fact that most of the general population did not know or understand Italian. You should have seen his face the first night this place opened and a whole family who used to live in Italy walked in, scandalized,” Cas chuckled.
Pulling his knees up to his chest, he wraps one arm around them and uses the other to shake urgently at Cas. Maybe he’ll know what to do.
Cas’s voice cracks on his name again, and he can hear a light thud against the door as Cas continues to fruitlessly twist the door knob.
Tentatively, he flexes his foot, only wincing a little at the pain it causes- acutely aware that Cas is watching his expressions.
“When? During all the times you’ve come to visit me?” Cas challenges, “Or how about all the times you
Dean clenches his eyes shut and hunches over his knees, hopefully covering enough of himself to shield the other men from his shame. God, if he had to stand up, there would be no hiding the mess he was.
Jess steps back a little and Sam is immediately taking her place, wrapping huge, gangly arms around Dean’s back and trapping Dean’s hands awkwardly against his own chest. “I don’t know about that, Sammy. Jess
“No no no no no,” Dean smirks, pushing the cart through the sliding doors, leaving Cas outside. “You go get your healthy shit. I’ll go get the good stuff.”
Wide green eyes looked back at him, daring him to get this the hell over with. Swinging open his door, he stepped out into the humid Kansas summer. It was late June, and if he stayed outside for more than five minutes, he’d be sweating balls.
Chuckling humorlessly, he turns to face Bobby again. “The same person who cut ties with me a few months ago. The same person who came to my door Friday night and knocked me on my ass without saying a word. The same person you’ve been telling to check up on me.”
He’d felt so betrayed by his brother and Jess after everything that had happened, but the sight of Sam’s face- so concerned and worried- has him blinking away the sudden burning sensation behind his eyes.
“Cas, please,” Dean hears himself beg. But inside he’s going numb, shutting down completely at all his suspicions finally being proven right. He knew it was too good to be true.
Cas grimaces. Reaching over to wipe a smudge of cheese away from Dean’s cheek with his thumb, he says, “Unfortunately, I start my day at seven tomorrow. And while I don’t categorize myself a ‘morning person’,” Cas air quotes, “There will be a bright side as I get to retire an hour earlier than most days.”
A few minutes must’ve passed with him not responding because Jess says his name like it’s not the first time she’s said it.
It’s overwhelming in it’s headiness, making Dean feel like he’s high on it; a thousand times more potent than his regular Chistmassy smell. He’s never encountered anything like it before, and he can’t help but burry himself in Cas’s shoulder to get as much of it as possible. And it’s fucking contagious as well, as he finds himself smiling despite himself. This is fucking crazy, and here they are,
He doesn’t expect a reply since he knows Cas is at work, but Cas’s response comes not a minute later.
Cas must know that he needs this, because all he says before he starts to push inside is, “Let me know if your arms get tired.”
Cas has deep bags under his eyes now, and his stress is evident in the way he’s holding himself and in his scent. That’s how he knows this plan will work. It’ll be good for both of them. An absolute win-win scenario.
He’s right on the brink of coming, the constant stimulation to his prostate maddening and addicting at the same time, but at the rate Cas is going Cas might actually plan for this to last all night.
“Pfttt,” he scoffs, ignoring the creaking of the bed as he continues to move up and down. “Mmmmmm like hell. I’d like to see you try and stop me, Mr. Big Bad Defender.”
He was not mentally prepared for something like this. It was beyond him. He wasn’t smart enough, he wasn’t strong enough, and he definitely wasn’t responsible enough to be left with the ball in his court. And as much as Cas was starting to grow on him, he wasn’t so sure he trusted him enough to follow through with supporting him with whatever choice he chose to lead. Sure he was a nice guy, Cas had proved that much, but the dude was no
He was sick and tired of the slick mess that he always was now. It was fucking gross, and he didn’t need yet another reminder of his current condition. It was like no matter what symptoms he successfully masked or took care of, another one was ready to rear its ugly head in order to always be front in center in Dean’s mind. His scent was concealed, he had to vomit. His nausea was assuaged, he was leaking like a faucet. If he wasn’t leaking, that would be the day the vitamins didn’t help and he still ended up vomiting. Every day he was getting more and more fatigued. So exhausted, that by the time that Cas left most nights, he’d immediately face plant in his bed, the rest of his nightly routine be damned. And don’t even get him started on the state of his hormones right now, because that shit was all over the place. It was like his body was screaming at him, trying to force him into thinking things through, on doing
Cas sniffs hard likes he’s talking through tears, and it’s only then that Dean notices his own sliding slowly down his face. The first time he’s allowed himself to cry in over two weeks.
“Tell me if it’s too much,” Cas says cautiously, a hesitant finger begins to nudge it’s way in with the other two. “Don’t want to hurt you.”
He can feel every part of him heat up with embarrassment as Cas ignores him, coming over to him wearing that concerned, worried look on his face that makes him burn even brighter. He’d definitely jinxed himself thinking he couldn’t handle another hit to his self-esteem. Fuck, this was so much worse than he’d pictured though.
“Pleasure to meet you, Jessica,” Cas says formally, but his lips quirk up a little at the edges, softening his gravelly, rough demeanor enough that Jess smiles back at him.
“Why does that even matter?” Dean says in confusion, twisting around so he’s laying on his side to face him. Only highlighting how thin he’d become since he’s seen him last.
“Seven-thirty, and it’s almost three now. Still need to drop by Bobby’s to pick up the rest of my stuff though. Mind giving me a ride? Bobby dropped me off.”
That don’t make a lick of sense, boy,” Bobby says he sits down, looking over Dean’s bruise in confusion. “
Cas pauses to shift them so that he’s able to sit down with Dean on his lap. The move has Dean clenching on instinct, tearing a hoarse sound out of his throat that he wasn’t expecting. Literally being tied to someone after sex would never not be surreal.
“Cas, it’s okay. I’m not mad,” Dean soothes. Cas’s arms locked around in a vice like grip, but he does his best to keep running his fingers through Cas’s hair. “You’re telling me now.”
He braces himself against Cas’s shoulder, using the leverage to help him start a stilted, awkward rhythm. He’s panting loudly at this point, heart racing, but he decides to kick it up a notch. Just for Cas. No one else gets him this riled up and reckless.
Cas smiles and looks down, looking shy for once, but then looks at the tv. Still smiling that little smile.
“Dean?” he asks directly into Dean’s ear, watching as Dean shivers and leans away. “Dean, I know its coming. It’s alright,” he soothes, stroking his hair again, “I just want to clean you up a little first, alright? Nothing sexual. This is for your comfort only. Do you understand?”
Fuck. The doctor stutters to a stop in shock when he looks up from the papers. Wide blue eyes meet even wider green.
“He hasn’t called again since Sam told him you called us. That was a week ago, Dean. I’m worried about him, and more importantly, I’m worried about
Cas seems surprised when Dean kisses him on the cheek, but the picture Cas chose as Dean’s screensaver makes him want to do a lot more than a peck on the cheek.
To his horror, Dean could feel a blush start to rise over his cheeks and neck. “Uh, I think you’ve had enough to drink now,
They lapse into a tense silence in which it becomes a battle to see who can hold the other more tightly. Dean’s unsure if Cas is feeding off the vulnerability and angst coming from his scent, or if he just needs this closeness as much as he does. But Cas doesn’t let go, and neither does he. Listening to Cas’s heartbeat and scenting him forces their inevitable separation from his mind.
Not that he hadn’t already. Since that night, Cas had showed him so much. How to give and receive. How to laugh with your whole body. How to feel. How to let go. And how to be himself.
start liking Cas too?! That was a new development. Closing his mouth and blinking rapidly to clear away his sudden(and surprising) lust, he slams the door and heads straight for the shower. Son of a
And he liked girls- thank you very much! Not once has he thought about switching teams, or even looked at a dude the wrong way. He wasn’t homophobic or anything, but he wasn’t about to start fawning over men because his biology was now tricked into thinking he should.
“Of course I do. Everyone thinks of themselves, and I am no exception,” Cas says, continuing to stroke the back of his head. “And I’m a selfish being, Dean. That’s why you come before all else. I want you with me always. And I want you to be happy, and loved…”
“Okay,” Dean sighs. “That sounds a hellova a lot better than eating pie in the bathroom. You don’t think it’ll bother the children?” he asks, referring to Sam and Jess who were probably climbing the walls waiting for them.
“I won’t let go, Jack,” Cas laughs, stepping closer to heave him into a sitting position and then across to the edge of the bed. The whole process makes him feel even bigger than before.
Dean goes quiet when he comes, biting into Castiel’s shoulder as his body spasms around Cas’s fingers, finally melting into the man beneath him and making Cas bear his full weight. Slick pours out of him and he’s sure he’s ruined Cas’s clothes, but he can’t bring himself to give a single fuck as his body finally relaxes after hours and hours of being tense and on edge.
“I didn’t know it could be like this,” he hesitates, looking for the words. Cas doesn’t push him, only waits for him patiently. “But Cas- I didn’t
He’s just found one and is about to hold it up against him to see if it’s big enough when a voice behind him has him freezing.
“How about you stop guessing what I will and won’t like then, Cas,” he says softly, “you’ll save yourself a lot of grief that way.” At Cas’s small smile, he says, “Just tell me.”
And he didn’t want it to end. He didn’t want to stop touching Cas or have Cas unwrap himself from around him despite knowing they’d eventually have to get up if they planned on keeping their plans with Sam and Jess to have breakfast.
get to carry the pup,” he sighs when he’s finally situated against soft pillows and has the blankets that smell like him and Cas pulled up to his chin. “And I’d like to see you try wearing these pants without itching, too!”
“That’s not even the same thing dude, you’re an Alp - oh,” he trails off when he’s interrupted by a tiny kick to the top of his stomach.
He takes another step forward, and then another, until they’re making slow progress across the building.
“I’m not hurt, Cas,” Dean insists softly. “I know I look like a horror movie reject, but my nose has been bleeding like this every time I get too cold.”
“Dean? I need you to talk to me,” Cas says loudly with an edge to his voice. “Are you okay? Can you open the door for me?”
Cas presses his forehead against him and says, “I don’t know what I would have done without you both…”
Cas doesn’t say anything else, doesn’t stop Dean’s mad melee to his car, but Dean still feels his eyes until he turns out of Cas’s cul-de-sac. Taking a deep breath, his eyes widen and he immediately regrets it. The scent attached to the sweater he was wearing is
Now, all he had to do was get through this shift He knew he was leaking through the toilet paper he’d stuffed in his underwear before he’d left, but there was nothing he could do about that. Hopefully his new cover would hold.
But when he arrived at work and tried to slip past Benny who was up at the desk punching in numbers, a big, beefy arm blocked his way.
“How many times have we been in here like this? It’s like déjà vu,” he rasps, feeling wired at the same time as overwhelmingly exhausted.
“You mean - ?” he left off, gesturing with his free hand in the general direction of his chest. Making the manly(grabby) universal sign for boobs now just felt wrong.
“Oh my god,” Dean groans in disbelief. “It’s only eight o’clock?! Why does it feel like midnight already? Why am I so OLD?”
“I don’t know, but uh - ” Sam says through his smile, “I think you’ve done pretty well for yourself, Dean.”
“Dean, it’s nothing, I just….” Cas clenches his eyes closed and takes a huge breath in through his nose before he slumps back in his chair.
“What? You think I’d end it this far into it, dude?” Dean bites, suddenly feeling emotional at the thought. “You really think I could do that?”
“I had to. I had no choice,” his voice is shaking along with his body now, but now that he’s started, the words won’t stop. “He’s too good- god.
They dress in boxers and t-shirts, backs turned to each other, sneaking secret smiles over shoulders when they think the other isn’t looking.
“We did. It’s official,” Dean grins. Happiness and relief are welcome emotions after everything they’ve gone through, so he clings to them now. He laughs at both their awe struck faces and pulls the blanket up around him again. “I’m a mated man now.”
“Don’t even start with me, dude,” Dean pats his stomach warily. “This kid just nailed me in the kidney.”
“Sam. Jessica,” he greets, rounding the bed so that he can kneel besides Dean and see both their faces. There’s nothing but genuine happiness on his face as he smiles at them, which is a relief. Sam and Cas hadn’t had the best go at things since Dean messed everything up. “It’s good to see you.”
There’s only a few presents left under the tree, so it actually goes pretty quickly. Sam, Jess, and Cas all open a few things here and there, while Dean opens twice as much. His last gift- a gift from Gabriel that Cas somehow managed to stash away in his office- was the biggest box of diapers he’s ever seen. He’s still reeling when Cas pulls Dean’s present to him- the last present from under the tree- into his lap.
If he’s even gonna contemplate being friends with this dude, or even acquaintances, he’s gonna either have to learn to control that shit, or get used to it. On the bright side though, at least he doesn’t feel nauseous at the smell of food. It actually smells good for once, and he does follow Cas to sit on the opposite end of the couch.
Answers meant he had to give full disclosure. And that was the exact opposite of the Winchester way. Which was to deny, deny, ponder deeply for ten minutes, then deny some more.
Warm, damp pressure against his stomach has his eyes shooting open wide. Getting his elbows underneath him to prop himself up, he looks down to see Cas pressing his lips against Dean’s stomach. Seeing that he has Dean’s attention, he presses another kiss right above his belly button. The action has everything to his eyes to his toes going soft. Relaxing back into the bed, he sighs as Cas leans his forehead against his exposed skin. He’d never thought he’d be here. Totally vulnerable in an Alpha’s presence, totally and completely
other than stare holes through his head. But Cas’s brow is still furrowed in sleepy confusion, frozen on the spot as he looks Dean up and down intently.
?” he asks incredulously, throwing his hands out to his sides. “I’d thought I’d made myself perfectly clear, Castiel,” he continues coldly. “I don’t
“Sprinkles it is then,” he promises, ducking down to kiss Dean’s lips one more time before heading for the closet. He can still feel Dean’s eyes on him as he finds clothes and puts them on, but by the time he’s out the door, Dean is curled up on his side again with his arms wrapped around his belly, sound asleep.
“Yep, you heard it right. It’s official, fellas,” she says like both of them aren’t hanging on her every word. “You have a little lady on the way.”
He takes a deep breath and closes his eyes when Cas strokes the back of his neck, and quickly- probably too quickly too be completely safe- sinks his teeth in to the spot he picked; breaking the skin and causing a little bit of blood to rush to the surface. At the same time he does this, he circles his hips, so Cas’s groan is a mixture of both pleasure and pain.
But he can’t be all that upset, because he carefully turns Dean onto his side before gathering him against his chest, letting Dean press in close to scent him, stroking his hair and murmuring soft praise against the top of his head.
But the Alpha sitting across from him was different from anything he’d imagined an Alpha would be like. Completely different from the man he vaguely recalled when he remembered that night all those months ago. He was still wary of him, and he definitely didn’t want to see the flip side of his docility that had to be a front, but Cas almost didn’t seem like an Alpha at all. If he couldn’t smell the Alpha pheromones pumping profusely out of him and making him crazy, he would almost pass for a Beta. Cas never tried to move closer to Dean or tried to push Dean to talk, even though he was sure Cas wanted both. If Dean remained silent, then so did Cas. Quietly watching the tv screen or making sure Dean ate and enjoyed everything on his plate. Although it seemed like maybe Cas was was walking on egg shells around him, quiet and unassuming like most men were not, when Dean tried to tell him that he shouldn’t be spending money on him, Cas immediately resurfaced with his Alpha like stubbornness (pigheadedness).
Dean does his best to follow directions, but as soon as his nose gets tucked against the skin of Cas’ throat, everything in him goes lax, and he curls himself as close to Cas as possible.
Groaning in frustration, he presses his thighs together as hard as he can, standing awkwardly under the water in hopes of minimizing the movement of his thighs and ass. But if anything, the friction between his thighs makes it worse, makes his stomach clench in longing, and turns the water/slick ratio to 40-60 in favor of slick. Every part of him feels hyper sensitive and alive underneath the gentle pressure of the water, almost as if
Wrenching the door open, he meets Cas’s eyes for a second before watching Cas’s smile freeze on his face as he looks Dean over, taking in the sight of him in nothing but a freak’in towel. Immediately the scent of Cas’s arousal hits him in the face, and has him turning red while taking a cautious step back in the hopes that Cas wouldn’t be able to scent his own. Fuck. He had no kind of control anymore, his body was one track minded apparently, and was already preparing itself for another round- scent all over the place, dick fortunately out for the count while unfortunately his ass just kept betraying him.
Before all this mess had happened, Cas was on his ass going up and down the stairs. One hand gripping one of Dean’s while the other was supporting his back. At the time he’d found it kind of irritating- because he could do it himself, dammit- but now he missed the support; the surety that came with Cas’s grip, and the comfort that came with knowing that Cas would be there to catch him if he fell.
decision- if you know what I mean. Things got out of control for a while; I got sick, things with dad hit the fan - ”
Meaning he woke up, threw up, showered to get all the shit off of him, ate, and slept. Sometimes switching it up to watch tv in the small living room, or shower again when the accumulation of slick made him feel like there were ants crawling beneath his skin. The only thing he did differently, was taking the alcohol out of the equation. It was probably making the nausea worse. And while he wished he could take the edge off with a nice buzz, anything that made him feel worse in the long haul wasn’t worth it.
Pausing mid-step, he turns to Benny in question. He’d thought he’d had his “don’t fuck with me” face on, but hey, today was an off day for him.
They hadn’t had sex again since thanksgiving, both of them so damn busy during the day they ended up being exhausted at night. Especially Dean. The move back to Cas’s house the other day had been a quiet affair- with Cas making sure the smell of turkey was long gone before beckoning Dean through the threshold and then to bed.
Sam scoots over until their knees brush, but then hesitates, hand stuck frozen between them but not touching. Biting his lip, he slowly reaches over to grab Sam’s hand before bringing it to rest gently against the spot he felt the baby last kick. And sure enough, they’re both grinning as the pup immediately kicks again against Sam’s palm.
