“It’s called rugby. You like it?” No, John doesn’t like rugby. He loves it, and it only took one game in Mike’s front yard to confirm it.
He doesn’t have to wonder for long. The theater goes dark and the talking settles down as the lights on the stage illuminate the wood. The curtain begins to pull away slowly as the audience begins to applaud. There’s a group of girls on the stage, each one radiating elegance as they stay perfectly still in their poses. A sweet flute begins to play and the girls slowly begin to move, their feet seemingly gliding on the floor.
They dance along, their posture rigid, and they form a small huddle towards the back of the stage- a more graceful version of a rugby huddle, John notes with a smile. They break apart.
After the lesson, John packs up his things at lightning speed, Sherlock almost dropping every paper in an attempt to catch up. He jogs up the stairs after John and catches him by the arm. They’re out of the building now. Crowds of students walk across the courtyard, none paying attention to the interaction between the two.
“You can never miss a game, ever,” the coach threatens, his face looming over John with an intensity he didn’t even know could be reached. Coach Lestrade is one of those men who tries to live out his glory days vicariously through his players. Once again, John doesn’t mind. As long as he gets to play. While the rule creates an overwhelming amount of pressure on John’s studies, he does just as his coach says. Every day he’s either in the gym exercising or running laps on the fields. Every week, he finds himself squinting under the harsh lights of the stadium, his name being chanted from his fellow peers as he dashes across the field.
He’s being helped off the field now. Someone hands him a rag and he holds it under his nose. It’s quickly becoming heavy in his hand as it soaks up his blood. His head is ringing with pain and exhaustion, the world slightly fuzzy around him.
“Sherlock! Have you seen my bag? I forgot it!” She runs over to Sherlock and the dancer crouches down, a smile on his face.
“I know that when I joined the team there was only one rule I had to follow.” Lestrade crosses his arms and leans back in his chair, his eyes focused on John’s. “I can’t miss any games. And I know it’s only my second year on the team and I’m up for the captain position next year, but I…”
“You were absolutely amazing out there tonight,” John continues. He’s finished putting the bandages on Sherlock’s feet and goes back into the bag. “I felt bad that I didn’t get you a bouquet or anything and the store was out when I went. But I did steal these from the bushes outside of the campus gates.” He pulls out a handful of flowers, an array of them of different colors.
John Watson falls in love at seven years old as he tumbles onto the grass, the cool air sending shivers throughout his entire body. The neighborhood has disappeared around him as he lets his arms fall out wide on both sides. His small hands are caked with dirt, along with the rest of his body. The neck of his jumper has been torn and a few loose strings are tickling at his hairline, but he doesn’t move to scratch it. He lets himself lie on the grass as Mike Stamford dances around him, calls of victory echoing in John’s ears. He should be sad about the loss and his impending punishment when Harry tattles to mum that he’s run off again to play. But John still finds a way to smile, and it’s only when Mike extends a grubby hand that he finally stands up.
“I can’t believe you’re here right now,” Sherlock whispers. He leans back so his weight is resting on his palms as he tilts his head to admire John. “But don’t you have a game tonight?”
“He’s just being modest, Mrs. Hudson.” Sherlock arrived from the back room, a messenger bag slung over his shoulder. He smiles and turns to the mirror, messing with his hair a bit before crossing the room and placing a kiss on John’s cheek. “You truly have a talent, John.”
“Please stop reading me, Sherlock.” John knows exactly what thing his boyfriend is referring to. He loosens his grip and winces as he unclenches his fist, his fingernails leaving half-moon dents in his palm.
“And I love you for that.” Sherlock lowers his voice for that as the two walk across the courtyard. “But I know how rough the team can be, and they won’t let you live down the loss.”
“Love is a powerful word, Watson. It’s incredibly powerful, and it’s not something to use as an excuse.”
As he’s waiting, he looks into the crowd. He sees familiar faces from various places across campus. Molly, his lab partner in biology, stands with a group of friends, all oozing of school spirit in their green and white colors. He sees a few of his own teachers at the front of the audience leaning against a metal railing and cheering on their students. He sees a head full of curls wearing a jersey that John recognizes as his own practice jersey.
Sherlock turns his body so he’s facing John, who has begun unpacking his bag. “You really went hard last night. You danced the whole time.”
John trails off here. Takes a breath, closes his eyes. “I really can’t make it to tomorrow’s game.” He opens his eyes and clears his throat, trying hard to maintain eye contact with Lestrade.
“Hip hip fucking hooray.” John takes off his shoes and socks. He tosses them carelessly into a corner on his side of the room, then crawls across the bed towards Sherlock. The rugby player places himself in the dancer’s lap, John’s legs wrapped around Sherlock’s waist.
It was a rare night for Sherlock and John. Neither man had anything going on the next day. John had gotten permission to bugger off practice and Sherlock's schedule was clear until he began touring with the Royal Ballet in a few weeks in America for a special showing of their most recent production.
"And that makes it worse. You are brilliant and magnificent and you deserve all the praise in the world."
He thought back to what he said in the study and his jaw dropped. "Oh, shit. Oh, shit." He scrambled to stand up. He placed his water bottle on the small table that bore flowers, next to the door.
She hugged him again. "Of course I will! I'd be honored." Then she giggled. "Honored to be the maid of honor."
Also huge props to my beta Old Ping Hai! She has really risen to the occasion in beta'ing my chapters as quickly as I'm typing them up.
"The more they were proven to be fake, the more desperate he became to find one that wasn't. I was forced to move back in when my father took his madness further. Yelling and screaming at Sherlock, throwing things, just going into rages. If Sherlock cried, it would only make things worse for him.
"Did you dispel her?" John asked concerned. "The last time you did that, you fainted and were on bedrest for days. Are you okay? Do you need to lie down?"
John popped the bird into the oven. Starting to take stock in what he needed to finish the meal, he hit himself in the head with his palm.
"And then she used those funds to buy a bookshop, and the rest, as they say, is history," John said.
"Right, so after I bring the clothes in here, the next step is setting this place up like for a sleepover," John explained.
She squealed for joy and thanked them all before dashing out to her car. She couldn't wait for prom.
John rolled his eyes and continued helping Mike fix breakfast for nine people. He felt a small pang for the gentle, sweet relationship that Mike and Divya shared. But he knew Mary wasn't like that and love was about compromise.
"I guess anyone would be a step up from Victor," Sherlock admitted. "Not that we're dating!" he hurried to correct.
Mary folded her arms over her chest. "You aren't the boss, John. That's Mrs Hudson. This isn't the army, there is no chain of command."
Mike waited until everyone but John had gone before sitting on the bench behind the rugby player as he finished getting dressed.
There's also a little wink to Houdini and Doyle. See if you can spot it. It's actually pretty obvious. ;)
John reached up and touched his forearm, "So, what do you say, Sherlock?" he asked, his voice low and warm and really not helping Sherlock's
"He told her that they were gory slasher horror novels and that she wouldn't like them," Sherlock said, shaking his head. "The man was a real piece of work." He began to set up the board again.
Without further ado, Chapter Five (or as I've been calling it my head, "in which the author went so long without writing she forgot how to use commas!" Sheesh!)
"That thing that you did with me earlier, where you were completely blank? I've never seen anyone do that before."
"Now, don't go changing the subject‒" she turned to Sherlock, who was biting on his lower lip. "Wait, who took you home?"
Sherlock cocked his head to the side. "We do have guest rooms upstrairs you can stay in, instead of hanging out here with me."
Mycroft's dancing became more and more provocative as his classmates egged him on. He writhed and undulated on the table, touching himself.
John kicked maliciously at the plastic snowman the surgery had put up to make it look more festive. This was the third time
John covered his ears to protect his ears from the resulting shriek. And then as abruptly as it began it was gone. John looked up and the spirit was gone. "I think I love you," he blurted.
Bill had stopped by briefly to ask after Sherlock and the new digs, but had since wandered off to speak to their coach. So John was alone when he heard someone say, "Watson? Oh, it is you."
"You seem to know quite a lot about the matter," Mycroft's voice oozed disdain, "Personal experience?"
John turned around and hunted for a light switch. He found one and flipped it. When he turned around he wished he could turn it back off. Mycroft was blinking owlishly at him, dark circles around bloodshot eyes. The man's face was gaunt and pale, and John wanted to get him immediately to a hospital.
John's head snapped up, caught out. Sherlock's gaze turned calculating and then to outright smoldering. John never stood a chance.
He looked up to see Greg eyeing him wearily. "You look as bad as I feel," the Inspector remarked as John took the cup of coffee.
He turned to the door that would lead them into the inn and walked to open it. "The owner is a friend of mine," Sherlock said over his shoulder. "Well, when I say friend..."
Sherlock finished the match with his partner and pulled off his fencing mask. When he spotted Bertie, he blushed.
Greg and Mycroft were dancing to the music when Greg whispered in his ear, "I'm coming back to polo."
a good book. I stand by that. It deserved a million sequels instead of what it got, a bunch of hate."
This time was going to perfect, he reminded himself as he slid in and out, lightly drawing across Sherlock's prostate, building up his lover's climax bit by bit.
John kissed Sherlock. Soon the kisses turned heated and it was a while before Sherlock returned to his packing.
Sherlock dug out his wallet and removed a business card. He handed it to her. "Give him a call if you don't already have his number. He'll help you with anything you might need."
"She likes rescuing people, doesn't she?" John asked softly. "Heaven knows she saved me." He looked up at Sherlock and cocked his head to the side. "And I guess I owe you my thanks, too, because if you hadn't believed her...God knows where I'd be."
"Next scene, Mycroft says that the hero is a bit stiff and stoic, it says 'no personality to speak of'," Sherlock droned on, already bored.
About halfway through the practice, music began to play over the loudspeakers. Mycroft thought he recognized the the first strains of the song, but as he was about to put a name to it, Greg stepped out from announcer's box and slid down the flag pole to the bleachers. Greg pulled a microphone out of his pocket and began to sing:
John shook his hand, briefly shifting his cane over to his other hand. "It was wonderful, thank you, Mr Holmes."
"That's wonderful," John breathed. "To be back home, wearing my own clothes, using my own toothbrush, and sleeping in my own bed..."
"Someone looks happy today," she said, as she went back to the sample she had been inspecting. "Things are going well with John, then?"
"You know," Sherlock said from the doorway, "it's a good thing Mummy is at a fundraiser this morning and can't see you with the worst hangover ever."
Greg shrugged. "It's the least I could do, making you come out here like this. So what have you got for me?"
As he rounded the corner, John and Sherlock passed him, but he was too far in his head to even notice.
All throughout breakfast they couldn't keep their hands off each other. They even had to stop in the middle when things got too heated and they ended up back in the bedroom.
John waved his hand. "Don't worry about it, I'm just saying I'm gonna be the last person to mock anyone for being afraid of thunder."
Mrs Hudson laughed. "Of course you can have the day off. I'll call around to my former employees and see if someone will be willing to cover for you. And if not, don't worry about it. I can do it myself."
John was looking frantically for an exit, and Sherlock immediately rushed to open the door that led to the hallway.
Wah! There is only one more chapter left and it makes me so sad. I even had a hard time sending the epilogue to my beta because I didn't want it to end. But as the saying goes, "All good things must come to an end."
"Nonsense, he's just a perfectionist," Mike defended before he saw the smile on John's face. "You were teasing me, weren't you?"
Greg puffed up his chest and opened his mouth to say when Molly spoke first, "This is our director, Greg Lestrade."
"Did Molly come up with you or did she drive herself up?" John asked as he got the skis down from the roof of the car.
Bill's eyes roved over the all of them before settling on Greg. He looked him up and down before saying, "This lot is most certainly dancers, but you, you I can't get a read on."
John snorted. Pissed. In both senses of the word. She hadn't been a teetotaler to start with, but now he would call her a full-blown alcoholic.
"Fair enough," John said, changing direction and heading to the kitchen to pull out the take-away menu for the nearby Thai place. He was dialing the number when Sherlock called from the sitting room, "Better make it two, I think I can eat one all on my own!"
He asked if they had decided on their meals. They nodded. Sherlock asked for penne pasta in a Gorgonzola sauce; John, a baked three-meat lasagna.
The car pulled up to the house. John rolled down his window and stuck his head out a bit to get a better view. It was a large house and even words like mansion or castle failed to match its enormity. Built in the late Victorian style of the turn of the 20th century, it was extremely impressive indeed.
"So I've got this sock ad this weekend and then next week is the hemorrhoid cream ad," Bertie was explaining to Sherlock, his arm still around the younger teen's shoulders as they walked through the crowd of teenagers. "Now, the sock ad is a good start, but I really feel like the commercial for the cream is going to be my ticket."
He had done everything he could to make it merry. A tree decorated with mementos of their best cases. The most atrocious Christmas jumpers he could find for both him and John. Filling the air with Christmas music both recorded and played by himself. Holly wreaths and garland gracing their mantelpiece. A Santa hat for the skull. Helping Mrs Hudson with the biscuits. For Christ's sake, he'd even bought Christmas crackers.
Greg opened his mouth to argue but thought better of it. "You know, John, when you moved in, I thought you were going settle him down, not go tearing off after him."
Greg smiled and then pointed up at the speakers, "Do you mind? I'm trying to listen to the band." He got up, "I mean they aren't Vauxhall Cross, but they're not bad." He moved to closer the dance floor and Mycroft was hot on his heels, grabbing the bottles with a mumble of thanks to the bartender.
Sherlock grabbed John's outstretched hand and hauled him away from his mother, "Bye, Mummy!" he called out, closing the door behind him.
As they slowly danced off, Mycroft watched them, amused. He turned to Greg and raised an eyebrow. "You had a hand in that, didn't you?"
"But enough about John," he continued, waving to quiet down the crowd. "I have the absolute pleasure of announcing the release of 'The Spring of the Gryphon', a reworking of the 2008 book 'Griffin's Steps', the post-apocalyptic urban fantasy by Sherlock Holmes, out next year."
John opened his mouth to mention the stranger, but there was something in the glint of the eyes of his friend that made him close it quickly. What made him stop? Marrow leaned forward, just a little, and John got the feeling that maybe Marrow wasn't as friendly as he appeared.
He spotted Mycroft about to take another shot of something and rushed over. "Hey, hey. Let me have this one." But before he could take it from Mycroft, the boy downed it in one gulp.
"You are absolutely ridiculous," Sherlock scoffed, but John thought he caught the barest hint of a smile as the publicist drew up the map.
Both he and Sherlock turned around to see a well-dressed, dark-skinned gentleman waving them down. As the man neared, John could see that he was Indian-English and his teeth were so white that they hurt his eyes.
"Absolutely, in case the sexy beast doesn't show and I get this ethereal being instead," John said and then kissed Sherlock gently.
John dropped to his knees. He was mere feet away from his love, but his legs wouldn't support him anymore. So he prowled toward Sherlock like a tiger hunting its prey. Sherlock moaned again and John gave up prowling for an ungainly half-scramble. He stopped at the edge of the sofa and ran his hands over Sherlock's thighs, breathing heavily.
"Mostly men do it for comedic effect," Sherlock admitted, "men doing the female roles, but there's a movement to see more of us take on pointe for other roles as well. Matthew Bourne's 'Swan Lake' is famous for having all male swans, and more and more directors are looking into doing similar things. As for why I do it, well...I push myself to be the best at everything. Also it helps connect with my female leads if I know what pain they are going through."
"It's fine," Sherlock said, "without much to go on other than the BBC greenlighting production, there really isn't much to do. I've had my plate filled with other, meatier issues since my return."
"This isn't the last you'll hear of this," Anderson hissed. "And Sally says to tell that God-damned assistant of yours to answer his bloody phone when she calls, she's tired of leaving messages that never get returned."
Sherlock was no closer to an answer by the time the session ended. They traded their goodbyes and Sherlock walked back to his empty room, already feeling John's loss like a wound.
They strolled up to him at lunch and sat down at his table. Greg looked up at them in shock. No one sat at his table, ever.
"I brought a candle, make it more romantic," Angelo said, beaming down at them, looking pointedly at their clasped hands.
"Oh no," John said. "You tell me what it is says." His voice was low and deadly. "I really want to know what is so bloody mind-blowing that you would fob it off to your brother to deal with."
"This is out of the way, and my brother has seen to it that this residence is outfitted with the best in security," Sherlock said.
“We met at the sports centre, do the little pep talk. Then the boys split into groups and Paul and I leave. Our own kids never notice, they just think we’re with the other group. Leo and Tony do the same on Thursdays. I drive to the café and park in the shade, Paul buys coffee, his girlfriend picks him up. He comes back about 8:45 and we drive back.”
“Sorry,” Simon’s voice came and the beam swept away. John heard him draw a sharp breath. The light dropped—Simon seemed to be crouching—and there was a low murmur before it swept back up again, Simon moving into the room.
“I did not know this, sir,” Sherlock said, truthfully enough. Gulnara Kasimdzhevna was Mirzayev’s wife, who lived in the country with their children. Sherlock had never seen her.
Once Sherlock’s body had been his alone. He was free to treat it with great care or none at all; to live on cigarettes and coffee and cocaine and then sleep it all off for days on end. He was free to stay in and sleep alone or to go to clubs and choose someone to touch him, mark him with nails and teeth or to kiss him with sweetness and care, according to his whim. Every part of it had been his decision. No more. Now he was property of the Crown, tagged and marked like one of the King’s deer, to be bred like one of his horses.
Sherlock had been caught in a fallen tree, tangled in branches splayed like a dam over the swollen stream. The Swiss security men, belayed with rope harnesses, were already pulling him free and passing him along to the ground, where they laid him on a flat stretcher. John dropped to his knees next to him, chest burning, fumbling in his pocket to pull out his pocket knife even as his mind knew, traitorously, horribly, that there was no hope. Sherlock lay completely still. The parts of him that weren’t blue were bleached white, soaked and frozen with river water; and yet as John sawed at the sodden wool he realized a spreading pool of blood was soaking his knees. Sherlock was still bleeding and that meant—incredibly—he was still alive.
Sherlock frowned at his map a moment, eyes flicking back and forth as he came to a decision. “East. It’s a bit risky, we’ll stand out more, but we’ll be able to cover more ground before the alarm is raised. I hope.”
“Hang on, is there coffee? You look like you’ve had a pot or so already and I’ll need some if we’re to go haring off on a locked room adventure. And what happened with--”
“Could be very helpful in your work,” John said. “You’ve said it yourself, love is the motivation behind half the crimes you see.”
When he came out, feeling half frostbitten, he found Sherlock had built the fire back up and was standing in front of it with the tartan blanket draped loosely about his shoulders. The bothy seemed immensely quiet after London, so quiet that John could hear rain pattering outside over the crackle of the fire. The water in the kettle was still warm, so John poured it into a basin and fetched flannel and towel from the bath.
The rain had all but stopped when John went to Circe’s stall, hanging the lantern carefully so that he could see her foreleg. The poultice seemed to be irritating her, but he saw no swelling, so he cleaned off the leg and put on a clean bandage. Then he leaned against the wall and let her nibble sugar lumps from his palm.
“Probably longer, given their fondness for Saxon names,” Sherlock said. He tilted his head, appraising her. “You’re a bit out of place yourself, aren’t you? Blastburn girl--born here, anyway--but a merchant’s daughter, not poor. And definitely not poor now. You were orphaned, farmed out to a puritanical relative, left for a more glamorous life in London, and you’ve done
“Chocolate pear and almond torte, please,” Sherlock said. Any sort of chocolate seemed too showy to pass up.
John rested his head against the hard door and tried to breathe. He had never been so terrified in his life--for himself, but also for Sherlock, who sounded as though he might actually be losing his mind. Sherlock had borne the loss of his family, his home and even his name with a bleak stoicism that had worried and impressed John by turns, but apparently being separated from John was the last straw.
“You won’t.” Sherlock was determinedly clenching his legs again, arching his back and exposing his long luscious throat. “The rest of you may be no more than savages, mindlessly rutting like animals, but I’ll prove to you that I’m above such things.”
Agra realized she had never seen a picture of Sherlock Holmes. He didn’t look particularly exciting in the photo. “So, what, because he got in your way on this smuggling thing? No.” She saw it now, in the depths of his rage, the picture. “You know him, don’t you? You recognized the picture.”
Sherlock had his shirt unbuttoned now and Yulia grabbed his wrist, yanking him toward the bed so that he stumbled. John had a fleeting moment’s curiosity as to what the two of them would look like together—a pair of praying mantises mating, probably—but then he caught the look of panic on Sherlock’s face. Oh, for God’s sake. Sherlock wasn’t even going to be able to so much as snog his would-be Ukrainian model without giving the whole thing away. For that matter though, John thought as he looked at plump little Ruslana with her huge creamy breasts and her terrified face (fifteen!), he wasn’t so sure he could pull this off either. Fuck it. He grabbed Sherlock’s other wrist and hauled him back, trapping him for a minute in a bizarre tug-of-war which John, of course, won. He lost his balance and sat down hard on the edge of the bed as Sherlock all but fell on him, and then he grabbed him by the back of the head and kissed him.
"I think that's quit enough, don't you think?". John smiles thinly at Victor and flicks his eyes Sherlock who's cupping his bloody nose, watching John with indecipherable eyes.
tosser. I've forgiven a lot of things but I've never forgotten them. All of this - ' John's voice is firm, calm but louder than life. He doesn't need to shout, everyeone's frozen. Even Anthea's watching on, unsure how to proceed. She'd normally have stepped forward, but the situation unfolding in front of her speaks of danger, abort..
John is so enthralled he misses the arm flying out to hit Sherlock in the face. He falls back with a cry, hand cupping his jaw and were it not for the pillar he happened to lean against he'd be toppled over on the ground. He leans down a bit, ruffling the potted plants surrounding the granite pillar.
It's a blur after, he's never been able to remember a lot once his wolf takes over, especially if he'd been really enraged. He does remember several bits though. Sherlock's stunned and incredulous face, the satisfying feeling of blood underneath his claws and being shot multiple times while ontop of Sherlock, gazing in his eyes. His film cut after that.
' - stop acting like a child, it is time to grow up and face your responsibilities. You cannot continue living this farce of a life.'
The young man speaks all of this very fast with proper enunciation one is unlikely to hear from someone with his appearance.
Gerrick, and John's so far not been able to say it about any of the Holmses, but Gerrick truly is ugly. All slick like Sebastian, hair gelled back, expensive posh suit, obnoxious perfume and yellow cracking teeth. Not very appealing at all. He's even more ugly inside.
Some time passes and soon desert is served, which is delicios, John quite enjoys the hot cherry pie with vanilla icecream and chocolate syrup, which he sees Sherlock steal a couple of bites of when he thinks John and everyone else's not looking. Inevitably, the other shoe drops.
Sherlock's the first to push the door to the living room open naturally, so Lestrade, Donovan and Anderson stumble into him when he stops abruptly.
'God you're hot. You're the hottest piece of ass in this town and you're.all.mine.' Having said that, John presses the weeping head of his cock between Sherlock's cheeks and proceeds to rut back and forth, dragging precome all over.
So too is Sherlock, tranquil and quiet as he stands by the sink to fill the kettle for some much needed tea. It's one of the only times the detective is known to brew it as he usually leaves the thankless task to poor John.
And then hurricane Sherlock Holmes happened, and really, one would assume he'd be used to this by now. Well, sur-bloody-prise, he isn't. John would like to see anyone's reaction to finding their flatmate's emptied a new jar of strawberry jam in order to grow mould cultures inside.
, Victor, is already on her third this evening, seventh this week," the blonde-haired woman gasps, "and needs no help in embarrassing herself. Why, just this morning she took the tube back from her latest late night
HIs hips push back against John's face in tiny movements. John's tongue keeps swirlling around that pink hole that's still covered with his come. He laps it all up, groaning at the obscenity of it all. It feels animalistic, it's making him break in goosebumps at the thought that he's marked Sherlock like an animal and he's now cleaning him up.
To be successful, both props must be extremely strong in the neck, shoulders, upper body and legs, and they should relish head-to-head competition.
Successful surgeon, eventual Sugar Daddy John. Takes a younger, drug addict Sherlock off the streets and nurses him back to health. They slowly develop a wonderful relationship, with its ups and downs and all sorts of conflicts.
The other man had seemed on the verge of losing his temper already, John noticed earlier, but the final straw seems to be the insult thrown at him in such an expensive environment. John only just realizes the man has a date when he places a hand on the back of her chair and leans closer, looming over the young drug addict.
He wishes he could tell Harry now that their mum had never been disappointed by her being gay, she had just lamented the fact that one of her heirs capable of carrying on their line would never do so.  By the time John had gotten old enough to approach his mother about changing her way with Harry before she would permanently drive her away, it had been too late and his father and his vices had sunk their claws deep into Harry like a wolf's through a hare's hide.
The flat feels like it's exhaling in relief in the aftermath of their latest case. Solved of course.
John's had a long day, he's tired and finds  this situation too ridiculous to entertain any longer. His back straightens out, his posture adopting his Captain persona and when he speaks his voice is smooth and low, polite and commanding.
Every excuse imaginable floods into his mind, his confidence dam breaking under the pressure. Sick grandma, an aunt’s wedding, seven tests the next day. Nothing sticks, nothing feels right. But the truth? John can’t say it.
Mike is smiling at him, his hair sticking up every which way, his body tingling with the excitement of winning.
Two nights later, John finds himself on an incredibly long line at a theater a few miles away from campus. The atmosphere is electric as he waits, families carrying bouquets of flowers chatting away with each other. John feels left out as he stands alone in the line. He’s left to put his hands in his jacket pocket and look around the room as he tries- and fails- to avoid eavesdropping on the family in front of him. It’s a mother and grandmother, he presumes, standing with a young girl, who’s eagerly explaining everything that had happened at school the previous day.
“Shh!” John whispers, then sends an embarrassed smile his way. “I was doing something very important last night, not dancing, remember?” He winks and flinches as someone says his name behind him.
He spins, and spins, and spins, and spins, his hair becoming a beautiful tornado atop his head. Sherlock falls to the floor and John’s heart drops a little, until he realizes it’s the end of the performance. The curtain begins to close and John’s the first one to stand up, clapping loudly and shouting praises. Sherlock stands up and takes in the view: a standing ovation. He bows and runs off the stage. The applause doesn’t stop. The curtain is fully closed now, then some music begins playing over a speaker. A woman starts reciting names into a microphone as ballerinas rush onto the stage to bow and wave to the crowd. They come up in groups of three or four, until Sherlock’s the last to be called. Of course, the crowd grows louder and John’s smile grows wider. He watches as Sherlock takes the hands of the girls still remaining on the stage and takes another bow, the smile on his face somehow wider than John’s.
“Hey, coach. I just wanted to talk to you about something.” Instantly John feels like there’s a spotlight on him, glaring angrily in his eyes in the form of Lestrade.
“She really is. She’s so important to me, I’m so happy you two finally met.” Sherlock takes John’s hand and slowly begins pulling him towards the barres at the back of the room, tossing his messenger bag to the side. “I had this image stuck in my head the other day of you doing ballet and I’d love to see it become a reality.”
“Yeah,” John replies quickly, his body finally coming back into reality as he notices the setting sun along the horizon. He’s shaking Mike’s hand, although his eyes have now drifted to the ball. It fits perfectly in John’s hand, the memory of the material still lingering on his palms. “I loved it.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” John whispers. He looks in the mirror leaning against the wall and runs a hand through his hair. He runs a finger cautiously over his bandaged nose next, which unsurprisingly causes him to jolt back in pain.
Mike laughs at his, holding the ball in his armpit as he uses both of his hands to tame his hair. “Brunch? That’s an old lady thing.”
By the time John arrives at the Holmes household, the party’s already in full swing. Music is playing from an unknown source as bodies move around to the rhythm. John feels nervous as he walks through the front door. The party started ten minutes ago, but due to an impromptu shopping trip, he wound up being late, arriving with an overstuffed plastic bag in his hand. He hopes Sherlock isn’t disappointed in him, but then remembers that John’s presence at the performance was a surprise and feels slightly less guilty. He makes his way through the crowd, recognizing most of the girls from the performance as they laugh and dance together.
John can breathe again. To say the sentence aloud feels great. He wouldn’t even mind saying it again, so he does. He wants to scream it across the dance studio, his words penetrating the glass and spreading down the street. He wants every pedestrian’s ears to echo the sentence, every shop to stream it over the speakers. But instead he settles for another repetition of it, this time adding “And I love him.”
John longs for the party as he watches Sherlock walk away. He longs for his touch, the new feelings he experienced last night as he let loose and let himself fall more in love with Sherlock. He thinks about it all day, throughout every class, especially biology when he has a seat across the room from him. He’s able to admire Sherlock’s studious face, his delicate curls falling into his face he writes in his notebook.
John pulls into the parking lot as a flood of dancers are coming out of the front door. None of them pay him any attention as he walks into the studio. He didn’t see Sherlock in that crowd, and knowing Sherlock, he’d probably still be inside dancing. A light flowery smell floods up John’s nose as he enters the studio, not finding Sherlock right away, but seeing a woman sitting on the floor putting a pair of sneakers on.
“Sure. Have a seat.” John sits down in one of the chairs and smiles politely again. Anything to make him feel a little less guilty.
Minutes later John’s finally at the front of the line, handing the usher his ticket and making his way towards the auditorium. Almost every seat is filled. He had ordered his ticket first thing in the morning after talking to Lestrade, and by some sheer luck, he landed a seat only five rows back in the center section.. The people in the row stand up as he smiles and squeezes his way through to his seat. The smell of flowers is overwhelming, but John doesn’t mind. He just stares forward at the red curtain, watching feet scurry back and forth.
I am really loving this experience. I have never had a full length story (more than 10,000 words) where it was completely finished before I started typing it up and I am enjoying the playing around I get to do. I've been able to rearrange and add to this story because I know where it's going and how it's going to end. And I am so grateful to be able to share it with you at what feels like a breakneck speed.
"Good," he said as he touched the outside of the coat where the envelopes were hidden. "And for the last one, Watson? What have we got for him?"
was Victor Trevor? Shit. He wasn't at all what he expected. All right, to be fair he was expecting more Tom Hiddleston than Sendhil Ramamurthy. But either way, this man screamed money and lots of it.
Mycroft sat on the front porch, writing in a notebook and chewing haphazardly on the biro cap. He scratched out the most recent line and went back to chewing on the cap.
"Yeah...no," John replied. "It's where a group of boys would get together overnight and play games, watch movies, binge on fizzy drinks, candy and junk food. Sometimes if the weather was nice enough, it would be outside in a tent."
Sherlock followed John out to the curb, where the doctor hailed a cab. They both got in and Sherlock frowned when John gave the cabby the address. It wasn't Mike's flat, nor any of his assistant's favorite haunts.
"Molly Hooper gave up the medium gig and is now going to school to become a grief counselor. She said that the show was the best thing that had ever happened to her. She went on to say that she had been been living in the past and it was time to move toward a better future. Next up, Richard Brook."
Mary sighed and cocked her head to one side. "David, please tell me you didn't try to bring your Jag up to the Highlands."
"You're cheating on John?" Molly asked from the kitchen area. "Mary, why would you do that?" Her lip quivered. Mary moved toward her to comfort her friend, but John used the motion to take off out the front door, snagging his coat on the way out.
"It's all right, darling. I understand, which is why when you go to Oxford, I hope you'll let me at least cheer for you on the bandstand."
"Can you check it for me?" John was saying when Sherlock's brain had come back on. He was leaning away from Sherlock, having pulled down his collar so Sherlock could get a look at the shoulder in question.
He stood up and took Mycroft in his arms. Mycroft returned the hug with a fierceness that only older siblings had for their younger siblings.
Greg had turned on the radio to drown out the oppressive silence in the car when the band Vauxhall Cross came on.
Another customer came in and John had to attend to them. By the time John was finished, Mr Holmes had gone.
"Is that the bastard's name?" John bristled. "I still have friends in that area of the world. I could call in a couple of favors."
John looked up, his eyes sparkling from the thrill and asked, "You sure this is him? I mean, he doesn't look very strong. Those murdered blokes were massive, he doesn't look like he'd do much more than be annoyance for those guys."
Sherlock ducked his head and then reached into his bag and tossed Greg the phone. “You know the pass code,” Sherlock growled.
"Chinatown!" Sherlock said, and the cabbie took that as directions and began to pull away from the curb.
"You are completely mad, Sherlock Holmes," John said, pulling Sherlock down on top of him, "And I wouldn't have it any other way."
"Oh hell no. Her and Clara are in the middle of one of their knock-out, drag-out fights at the moment. Harry throws things when she's pissed."
All round them Sherlock's friends and fellow dancers celebrated, Mike even joined in, but across the hall, standing in the shadows, there was one who was not pleased by this turn of events.
"See you tomorrow, John," Mike said, strapping on his helmet. Just he was about to reverse, a red car came screeching behind him.
She twittered happily when they got out of the car and stood there looking at the fancy front entrance while Sherlock handed off the keys to the valet. Sherlock ushered her in and up to the maitre d's station.
John's back was to the camera, but Sherlock's face was in sharp relief. This was the face of a lover with fire in his heart. David and Mary gasped. There was no doubt that Sherlock loved John.
"Although, I think I'm starting to warm up to you, maybe you are aren't as immune as you thought, as either of us thought."
John pulled out his phone and handed it to his dad slowly, The battery died on my phone and I was just getting some treats for the movie Mike and I were watching."
John stepped back from her and she frowned. "She's not worth it, mate," he said bitterly. "She cheated on me with another bloke, and would have made me her this bitch this time."
John could hardly see over the haze of sand and blood. He could barely breathe, he felt as though he could see the life draining from his body. He knew that if he didn't get help soon, he would become just another statistic.
Greg shook his head. "I was at the cafe over there and saw your car, so I thought that I would stop by and say 'hi'," he explained, pointing across the street to the cafe which had his Triumph parked out front.
"I know, but there are times that I wonder if it's that she wants to control me, rather than any real desire to see me happy," Sherlock admitted.
Greg leapt into action and caught Mycroft before he could hit the floor. Everyone around them thought it was part of the show and just cheered some more.
However, by lunch John was over there and changing it to the way Sherlock had suggested, because people kept picking up the second book first and John would have to tell them about the first one.
Sherlock coughed. "I may have destroyed Cluedo after the first time I played, and the rest of the games were hidden, only to be brought out when I was in town."
Sherlock sighed and placed his head on the top of John's. "I don't feel confident about this, at all."
"Hey, Myc," the editor murmured. "Writers are among the biggest divas I've ever encountered, I swear to God."
Greg just grinned and with a gentle push, straightened himself up to walk toward Mycroft's stall. He petted the horse's nose softly.
John reached up with the hand he wasn't using to stir to scratch Sherlock's head. "I can't imagine that he laid off the hard questions."
"James Moriarty, you are under arrest for fraud, embezzlement, and money laundering," DI Gregson said to the man still fighting with his captors.
He showed up with the prerequisite coffee and two strawberry scones. Sherlock cursed himself in several languages as he slowed when he caught sight of John.
Just then a streak of pink went shooting by and he thought he could make out over the sonic boom, "Mike!"
"Sherlock!" he cried, grabbing the slim shoulders and forcing Sherlock to look him in the eye. "Are you all right?"
Sherlock grinned. "Nope," he said popping the 'P'. "Just let me go pay the bill, and we'll get fish and chips instead."
Once back at Baker Street, the driver helped him up the stairs and into his flat. John stumbled to the sofa and pulled the tattered afghan over himself before he drifted off to sleep.
Greg's smile grew into a grin and mounted his horse. Mycroft mounted his horse too and on their way back, they ran their horses through some of the maneuvers that Greg had learned in France so he could really show off his talents in the saddle. Mycroft was a good player, but he could hardly keep up.
"God only knows." John took a long draft of his pint. "But enough about me, you still working with Sherlock Holmes on that show of his?"
Sherlock's upper lip curled into a sneer that almost bordered on a full-on snarl. "No, Anderson, it is your job to man the 'shaking cam', because you have the least steady hands in the business. And since I
She nodded, and John set about showing them how to look up books by title, author, genre, or classification. And then he had them both try to do it by themselves.
Music was his therapy and he certainly needed it after the week he had. It was like his whole world had been turned upside down, like he was on a non-stop roller coaster and he didn't know how to get off.
"I saw the lovely meal in the dinning room," John murmured into Sherlock's neck, dragging his lips across that long column of throat. "Did you cook for me again?"
The next event was the couple's first dance, and Sherlock walked up to the front and cleared his throat.
Bertie had only limped a few feet when he came face to face with Sally. Or rather face to stomach, considering how bent over he still was.
Mycroft chuckled. "Yes even him. He actually wrote a beautiful piece about it, I'll send you a link for you to read later."
They still got visitors, of course. Will would come most often after his father died and Molly became too ill to walk. Lily had outgrown their stories and had stopped visiting when she was but a teenager. Mycroft didn't live much longer than Greg, the stresses of his job put such a strain on his heart.
Beth arrived at the ungodly hour of 4 AM, driving a rattling old farm truck and dressed in well-worn work clothes. She handed Sherlock a battered donkey jacket and flat woolen cap, which settled nicely over his ears. From a distance or through the truck window, he could easily be taken for a beta.
John looked at the three words on the slate. He knew the first and the last without thinking, but the middle...he puzzled over it for a minute and then read uncertainly, “Sherlock licks John?”
“Oh, the man who drowned on dry land.” Sherlock seized on this diversion with relief. “There was a body found in Kent…”
Sherlock didn’t realize he’d gone over his time until Ella followed him out to the waiting area, where a thin young woman perched anxiously on the edge of a sofa (eating disorder, abused by her gymnastics coach as a girl). He heard the murmur of their voices (Ella apologizing, the girl nervously reassuring) as he ducked into the toilet, where he planted himself on the closed lid and pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes.
Sherlock hummed approval and John moved down, massaging his quadriceps, Sherlock sighed and spread his legs as John worked his way inward, no longer quite so sleepy. He felt himself thickening as John rubbed the insides of his thighs with long, firm stokes. John was at the juncture of hip and thigh now, his slick thumbs rubbing closer…ah…rubbing at his perineum. Sherlock spread his legs wider. He heard John opening the bottle again, a brief pause, and then John’s fingers stroking lower. Sherlock sucked in his breath, arching, as John’s other hand closed over his hip. His fingers massaged Sherlock’s opening, firm but gentle, and then one oil slicked finger slipped smoothly inside. “Oh,” Sherlock gasped. John slid his right hand up to Sherlock’s chest, pressing him down to keep him from bowing off the bed. Sherlock’s hands clenched on the sheets as John slowly, slowly worked his finger in and out, twisting just a little to massage the tight ring of muscle. “Breathe,” John said, amused, and Sherlock’s breath whooshed out. He hadn’t realized he was holding it. Inhale, exhale, following the rhythm of John’s finger, in, out. “Big breath, blow out,” John’s voice came again, and when Sherlock exhaled he felt a second finger breach him. This time he moaned, spreading his legs and planting his feet to lift his hips. “Shhh, I’ve got you,” John said, pressing down on Sherlock’s chest, and curled his fingers upward. Sparks exploded and Sherlock cried out, canting his hips again.
That should make for an interesting find for the cleaners. The butt plug--having been coated in lube, shoved up Sherlock’s arse, and then rolled across a boys’ changing room floor--was in no very pristine condition, so John wrapped it in his soiled handkerchief and stuck it in Sherlock’s coat pocket.
“You’re getting much stronger,” John said approvingly as Sherlock settled back into bed. “And I think you’re putting on some weight at last. Your elbow doesn’t feel so bony.”
It took Sherlock only a few days to track down Felix Fowler, who was delighted to meet with them. Violet, fortunately, had turned out to have considerably more backbone than Sherlock had expected. She had no intention of leaving the Copper Beeches until they found out what had happened to Alice.
Sherlock nodded as though he had expected this. “Anything you see on the telly would likely be local, I take it.”
Michael slid Sherlock’s jacket off him and placed it gently over the chair back and then tugged Sherlock toward the bedroom, pausing in the doorway to kiss him again. He toed off his shoes and Sherlock followed suit, then let Michael pull him down on the bed. He was a little panicky, but at first it wasn’t any different from kissing standing up—only better, because Michael didn’t have to bend down. They were could wrap around each other completely now, chest to chest, and in spite of trying to ignore them new words began to marble around in his head again, words like
, assuming that solving the one would naturally lead to the other, but he’d hit a dead end. Time to return to the most basic question: who benefited from his death? Not Sigrid Ekland. Imogen Cooper, certainly, but between the Met and Kent there was no part of the woman’s life that had not been combed over. If she did it, she’d been remarkably circumspect. So. Who else?
Sherlock went small in his chair, head down. He looked at his fingers, fidgeting frantically. He looked away at the books on the bookshelf and thought longingly of arranging them by Dewey Decimal System. He made himself think about how he
“Ring the bell!” Sherlock shouted, darting past him into the hall and bellowing, “Fire! Quick! Bring water!”
“Oh.” John considered that, drinking from his own pint. “Do you really like doing this? Or have you just been doing it so long you can’t imagine doing anything else?”
“No. Trevor, listen. You can’t—“ his hand shot out to catch her wrist as she turned to leave, striking his half-full coffee cup and sending it crashing to the floor.
Of course it was John’s computer, which was why John ended up reading out the report when Lestrade had it displayed on the screen.
“So how are things with Herr Sigerson?” Sherlock asked. He settled into a chair in Mycroft’s weirdly subterranean office. Why did he like things so
Stephanie Poletti’s apartment complex was sprawling and dull, all the units identical and arranged in clusters around equally identical swimming pools. Sherlock told a manager he was thinking of renting and spent a few minutes prowling around an empty unit, which didn’t tell him much.
“I suppose it is,” Sherlock said. “Did you find anything else? No? Make some tea then.” She was getting better at it.
“Okay,” Kelly said again after a beat. “Yeah, I’ll tell you about Note. But it doesn’t really start there either, you know? It starts with me.”
Owen put his own head into his hands. “John, I promise you, I had no idea I would be putting you in such a terrible position. There was nothing,
When he reached the point where his agitated pacing and hair-pulling made John feel as though he himself were on the verge of snapping, John took charge. He hauled Sherlock off to bed, tied him up, and swatted his behind with a bare palm until Sherlock’s arse was glowing pink. Then he fucked him as slowly as he possibly could. John generally had nothing like Sherlock’s staying power, but he was determined to make this one last, and he did. When John finally let him come Sherlock all but collapsed, pillow soaked with tears of exhaustion and frustration.
That was ridiculous. He was just imagining Sherlock's presence as he sometimes did, wishful thinking, that was all. Still, John climbed the rest of the stairs quietly, all his senses on alert as he gained the landing and moved carefully into his bedroom.
“I can’t believe I’m actually with you,” the woman was saying breathlessly. “I used to have your poster on my wall!”
“I will,” John said, a little dazed. He shook Tank’s hand and was still staring after him when Dr. Woodcourt came over to tell John about Sherlock’s condition.
“Yes, I turned them all over after Anthea was taken into custody. Well, all but one. There was a woman who arranged her own disappearance, clearly a victim of domestic violence; I let that particular sleeping dog lie.”
“Yes, we can,” John said firmly. “I know how you feel, Sherlock, that’s my home and the people I love as well. But two more won’t make a difference and Young Tom was right. The best thing we can do to help your father is to get you out of the way.”
Sherlock hit the ground so hard he thought the crack of the gunshot was his elbow breaking. When he did not explode, he opened his eyes and found John looking back at him from where he too was flat on the floor, a metre or so away.
This lock was stiffer, and he broke the hairpin again—fortunately in a long enough fragment he could pull it out of the lock—and he had to wait for Molly to retrieve another hairpin. He took a long, deep breath and made himself slow down, pushing away the anxiety of what might be behind the door. Slowly, slowly…
Effie set her knitting aside and poured him a glass of water from a large pitcher. Sherlock’s throat was so parched that the first gulp felt like drinking broken glass, but the pain eased as he gulped thirstily. Effie poured him a second glass and he drained that too. “Could I trouble you for some tea?” he said hoarsely. “With honey, if there is any.”
“Easter holidays,” Molly said, turning back around. Her voice was still shaky, but her chin was up. “We were going to try to get out this summer, from the country. We were going to take you too. So you see…”
“They were all right,” Tilly said. “Got a bit more drunk than Commander Adler, but they were polite enough. The men got a bit handsy.”
The front doors opened: John and Mary getting in. Sherlock snapped his eyes closed and pressed his fingertips together under his chin, hoping to convey the message that he was busy solving the Moriarty mess
If all went according to plan, of course, Sherlock would never make it to Irene’s at all, but Molly couldn’t know that; it would only put her in danger. “Shall I have them make up some proper tweeds then?” That wasn’t a bad idea, actually; it would help allay any suspicion.
The shepherd drew in a breath and leaned back to look at him, eyes wide. “Do you mean it? Do you want that, for me to lie with you?”
The man looked at her stern unsmiling face and swollen belly, gulped, and capitulated. He meekly promised to speak with the company’s attorneys immediately and have the relevant employee records available the following morning.
John’s hands moved to cradle his head, his thumbs brushing across Sherlock’s bruised and bleeding cheekbones. His hands were soft now, and his kisses were gentling. Sherlock did not want gentle. He gripped John’s arms, tried to pull him back, but John was far stronger. He always had been.  He held Sherlock’s head still with his hands and rested their foreheads together. Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut tightly. He could not look at John, not knowing what he would see in his face: anger, pity, regret, good-bye.
John was smiling. He cupped Sherlock’s face and kissed him softly. “This is the nicest thing anyone’s ever done for me. I love it,” he said sincerely.
Sherlock laughed, a low harsh sound like broken glass. “And how many drinks have you had since we got home? I can’t smoke, but it’s all right for you to drink as much as you like?”
Sherlock turned without another word and ducked into the cave. John followed him to the entrance and saw Sherlock had curled himself into a tight, anguished ball at the back. John hesitated, but there was nothing he could do, so he stepped quietly away and went to see to the horses.
Back in London, even thinking about Eurus had seemed dangerous: something to be undertaken only in controlled circumstances, with Mycroft or Ella present. Now that Sherlock was more thoroughly grounded in the physical world, though, the monsters in his head no longer seemed as frightening.
“Mmmm,” John said. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock’ shoulders and rubbed his cheek against his hair, and Sherlock immediately turned his head so he could nuzzle into John’s shirt. This was a side benefit of boyfriendhood he had not anticipated: all this glorious
Sherlock smiled, his eyes crinkling, and reached for the slate, but John pulled it out of his reach. “No, wait, I have another one.” He erased the slate and printed carefully, frowning briefly over the last word.
Sherlock closed his eyes. Molly had been right all along: William Cooper had suffocated, not drowned; the water particles had been inhaled as snow crystals, before his breath had melted and then frozen the snow around his face to ice. Sherlock knew the mechanics, but he’d never expected to encounter death by avalanche in the south of England. He opened his eyes and looked at Wiggins with genuine admiration. “That was
McGinty’s phone rang. He peered at it, said, “Huh,” again and answered: “This is Joe McGinty…yeah, I work with Rick. Thanks for the call. So what I was looking for…”
“Put the hood up on the cloak. No one will notice, or they’ll think you left it behind in the confusion. Here.” Sherlock pulled a box of blue Bonded shoes off the rack. “Switch yours for these.”
“Oh, John, good. He’s in a bit of a state,” Mrs. Hudson said, popping out of her door like a cuckoo clock. “I think he tried an experiment, but it didn’t go as well as he’d like.”
Sherlock straightened, ignoring her. “She was in the kitchen,” he said. “Early afternoon, but she was drinking coffee, because it was morning for her. She’d worked until seven AM and then come home and slept for a few hours. The doorbell rings. She looks out the window, sees the white van, sees a man, probably a uniform, a clipboard, she opens the door.” He opened it. “And the man says, ‘We have your cot.’”
“I see it,” Sherlock said. John looked over at him, marveling at his calm, but when the car finally slid onto the smooth surface of the road he heard Sherlock exhale a long, relieved breath.
“Oh, you’re fine,” John said, leaning back and grinning. “She’s your goddaughter; you ought to get better acquainted.”
Sherlock listened, getting more and more agitated as John explained the new plan. “But you must write right away!” he exclaimed in a vehement whisper. “We have to go as soon as possible now that Irene has established the situation in London. Edinburgh! She mustn’t stay in Edinburgh. I’m fine, I’ll be completely recovered by the time she returns.”
“I just--no,” he said, not really understanding what he was saying even as he said it. “If that’s true then how--if everyone makes up the rules for themselves…” John trailed off. It was too much. “I want to believe it,” he said finally. “But I can’t.”
“That’s—the painting, that waterfall painting that disappeared from the gallery! The locked-room painting!”
John hung up his own coat, closed the landing door, and leaned against it, thinking how much he would prefer to be relaxing in his chair right now. Sherlock appeared in front of him, frowning, trousers slipping on his narrow hips. “What—“
“I’m a lot less worried about those mobs than I am about you giving John the slip. That will be a lot harder to manage on Blackbeard. Mind your manners, and you can have a faster mount next time.”
“I’m sorry I’m a bit early,” the girl on the doorstep said. She beamed up at John as though John had saved her from an oncoming train, rather than opened the door on a sunny day. “I came on my lunch break, you know, and you’re closer to the station than I’d thought.”
“Well, no doubt Mrs. Hudson will be up any minute with the tea tray. No dinner today though—I’ve no detective work to be done and you’ve already got all the shopping. Next week for the flowers and errands unless I text.” Sherlock was in a vile enough mood to take a small mean satisfaction at disappointing her, but Hobbes merely nodded, stoically blank. She was wearing her hair in a sort of exploding ponytail today, a style so hideous it actually hurt Sherlock’s eyes, emphasizing her frizzy hair and round face.
“But that’s exactly it—control freaks are often the ones who want to sub, because it’s the only way they can let go. You wouldn’t believe how many City types I see who want to know how to get their wives to spank them. And it’s popular among people with Asperger’s; they like rules. You get a lot of doms, of course, but a surprising number find it easier to handle sexual stimulation if they’re tied up or blindfolded. Minimizes the sensory overload. You can Google it,” she added kindly.
Sherlock thought he had reached his limit—he was clutching the bars of the bed so fiercely his hands would be bruised the next day, thrashing and pleading and thrusting into nothingness, desperate to get off—but Paulo leaned over, considering him with clinical detachment, and tightened the cock ring another notch. Then he turned up the vibrator. Sherlock wailed and Paulo, having got hard again whipping Sherlock’s thighs, put on a fresh condom and straddled his face.
“—if by sunrise I haven’t brought you pleasure at least once, you may join the crew, and I’ll give you my second best sword as mark of respect at your strength of mind. And if I
In the end John told Owen everything: the bruises, the rope burns, his BDSM assumptions, even what he had learned from Lestrade (though not without a pang of guilt). John knew that there were patterns to abuse, for both abuser and victim. It was possible that Sherlock’s troubled history went back farther than even Lestrade knew. The thought made him feel sick. John would never ask, and it was inconceivable that Sherlock would ever tell.
“Actually yes,” Sherlock said. He told Michael about the day in some detail—talking to him wasn’t the same as talking to John, but it still helped clarify his thinking.
Sherlock clutched at his coffee as though John might try to take it away, although he didn’t drink. His fingers were trembling. “I don’t want to be with anyone but you. I don’t understand why we’re talking about this.”
“Norway!” John laughed and Sherlock couldn’t help smiling in response. “Sherlock, it’s September. Nobody leaves England in the autumn to go to Norway! They go to Italy, or Greece, or maybe Ibiza. What are you doing in Norway?”
“The minute I’m sure Jack’s down for the night. I’d best get back, he’s watching a DVD but it’s a short one.”
John looked up in astonishment, hardly daring to believe it. He had received a frustrated letter from Sherlock only yesterday, in which he wrote:
Just when Sherlock was starting to get discouraged at his slow progress the cast on his arm came off, and that meant he could play his violin. The forearm fracture had been relatively uncomplicated and Sherlock was happily surprised to find that it worked almost as well as before. Almost. “I need physiotherapy for my arm,” he demanded.
“That’s how we’re going to do it then,” John said, lifting his head. “Let’s get you ready, shall we?”
Sherlock sat up, fumbling a bit before he found the lantern and turned it on. The room was as he remembered: low ceiling, camp bed, table now holding a full glass of water. Opposite the box on the other side of the opening was a covered pail. Sherlock lifted the lid and peered inside: kitty litter. Clever. The wardrobe door had been closed, and an assortment of old winter coats now hung to block the hidey hole from casual view.
him. He pushed just a little farther and oh, God, it felt incredible. “So good, you feel so fucking good—tell me you’re okay—I—“
Even Sherlock seemed a bit limper than usual when they set out on their ride. “Let’s just go to the pond,” he said when they reached the road. “There’s always a good breeze there.”
Sherlock tried to drink the coffee, but his throat felt as though it would close if he tried to swallow. He crumbled the remaining biscotti into little bits, turning the night’s events over in his mind. There was only one conclusion: he’d gotten bad batch of cocaine. The hit he’d taken earlier was from a fresh bag, and there was clearly something wrong with it—that was why he’d had that funny turn earlier, not to mention losing his head over Trevor’s theories. That
“Okay,” John said. He had been given a stack of booklets by the social worker at the med/psych unit and now he spread them across the table in a fan, like a hand of cards.
John shut down the computer and returned the chair to its original position. He checked the chair and desk: no stray fair hairs, nothing out of place. Then he closed the door behind him and returned to his post, wishing he could scrub his hands raw and knowing it would not make him feel any cleaner.
“What?” John asked, but Sherlock had already cocked his head to listen. Wittering of female voices: Mrs. Hudson receiving her flowers, the usual fussing, but the voices continued up the stairs: oh, Sally Donovan had come along.
“Were we still friends?” Trevor asked. It was the first time she had spoken since Sherlock began his story.
“You know, I read your blog when Sally first told me about you two,” Roz said, eating a handful of free popcorn. “You’ve got a real flair for this. You should think about writing a book yourself.”
For a minute Sherlock just stood there, glaring, but then he stomped over with enough force to wake Mrs. Hudson from the dead and stood in front of John’s chair. He ostentatiously yanked his trousers open. “Well? Are you just planning to sit there?”
“As long as they don’t come back here,” John said fervently. He had written Sherlock at the time of last summer’s visit, of course, although he had not told him anything of the conclusions he had drawn later. Sherlock, writing back, had seemed unusually reticent, in the way he always avoiding talking about anything to do with Eton. He was not surprised when Sherlock changed the subject now.
It was a pleasant evening, made special by the cider, and sure enough the rain arrived an hour later. That was the drawback to living in the barn, John thought as he readied himself for the dash across the stableyard: having to leave the warm cozy companionship of the servants’ hall for his cold and solitary room. Oh well, at least it was snug and dry, and his bed would warm quickly once he tucked himself up in his blankets.
“You have to teach me how to do that to you,” Sherlock said woozily. Sex was better than morphine; he hardly hurt at all right now.
The pub was still fairly quiet but filling up fast, and John settled into a seat at the bar. “On your own tonight?” the tall blond bartender—Nick?—asked, sliding his pint over.
Sherlock followed her out, unhearing. He had plenty of fascinating new information, and yet for some unfathomable reason all he could think about was Watson’s hand on his, the heat of his fingers tracing across the smooth leather of Sherlock’s glove.
The prince turned his face to the shepherd’s. “All right,” he said softly, and reached to kiss him, and they came together again in the dying hours of the night.
“Fine,” Sherlock said indifferently, turning away.  The Sherlock Holmes who wore the damn hat seemed a distant memory, like a concerto he had once played but now forgotten. He was no longer certain he even wanted to be a detective anymore, when the literal and metaphorical dust had settled; he was no longer certain of much of anything. “You do the drawers then, since you won’t let me get rid of anything.”
John shook his head. "You could have taken that case, you know. Greg's right. I would have been fine for a couple of hours."
Wiggins smiled, revealing too few teeth. "For the Miss, a place that's not haunted at all." He pulled out a grubby envelope and handed it to Sherlock.
"Of course I do. Sherlock Holmes, the premier ballet dancer who danced this Christmas to rave reviews in 'Swan Lake'.
"I'm sorry." Sherlock blushed. "I never meant to. Damn this transport!" He hit the side of the mattress causing the most unangry-like sound in the history of mankind, a mild foof.
The game is going well. The crowd’s chanting fills the stadium with a certain energy, one that John is used to, but this energy is turned up ten notches. John gives his all into this game, breaking into a sweat within the first fifteen minutes from his spurts of energy. He’s a star tonight. He knows it, the crowd knows it, Lestrade knows it.
The young man finally makes it around the car and steps in. John slides his window up to preserve some heat for the shivering figure next to him.
Surveying the room for an opportunity to somehow escape, John nods lazily, fingers gently tapping on the expensive tablecloth.
Sherlock's eyebrow rises, eyes narrowing slightly. John feels a shiver crawling down his spine, knowing that Sherlock's deducing his thoughts right now. His brilliant man.
Victor seems to be uncertain but after some tense moments he sits down and the dazed spell that had fallen across the venue breaks. The next couple of moments pass a blur, John leaves enough money to more than cover his and his date's checque, he excuses himself - her name is Linda after all, not Lucy - and before he knows it they are outside on the pavement.
The doctor doesn't care much about that at the moment, because he's trying to not be rude to Lestrade, when all he wants to do is go after Sherlock and drag him away from the unwanted attentions of Lestrade's newest recruit,
'Oi, move over' mutters Anderson, and Donovan who cocked her head over Sherlock's shoulder shushes him dazedly.
Mycroft's gasping, face in a grimace of pain, and his other leg gives until he's kneeling at John's feet, completely at his mercy, hanging by his hand in John's crushing grip.
Sherlock spits the address to the Diogenes Club and John purses his lips, raising his eyes heavenwards.
The trip upstairs is quiet, and it's still quiet once they've entered Sherlock's childhood room. They stop and stare at one another, and John can see Sherlock's rapid pulse in his pale, long neck, right underneath that perfect beauty mark. John's own pulse is erratic. Their eyes are locked on each others', flickering with hundreds of unecessary words, reading each other silently.
John's face turns darker and darker the more he listens from behind Sherlock, who's slumped in a posh armchair, a picture of indifference. Only the tapping of his fingers give away his fury at Mycroft's supercilious words.
In all his years, Sherlock is the first ever person to only look at him to make him go frm zero to one hundred percent..in less than a bloody second.
on a daily basis. John was dead before and he only truly opened his eyes and tasted life on that fateful day at St. Barts. So who is he to deny himself, to deny
'John was in the army, Lestrade. He had bad days..' Sherlock doesn't bother to offer anything else, and John is now too busy obessing over the meaning of Sherlock's hold on him and his reaction to it.
Slammng the door to the cab, John shifts next to Sherlock, rolling his shoulders and rubbing his fingers together in that manner he has when stressed. He tries not to react to Sherlock's irritated sigh next to him, lest he starts whaling on the consulting detective right there in the bloody cab.
'Today I've heard Sherlock's head crack on that pavement a thousand times, and I've been unable to look into his eyes for fear they wouldn't be looking back. And I've only been seeing red, and red and red. All,
John had received a picture from Lestrade Friday night when he'd just arrived in Edinburgh. In the picture, Sherlock looked like a deer caught in headlights, a rosey tint to his cheeks while a massive bear of a man was  over the detective, looking besotted. They.were.also.shaking.hands.
', and John can't stop his smile as Gerrick nods pompously, giving a self-important little smile,' I myself used to be a forwards 1&3 prop. Liked using my body as a battering ram to attack the opposition. Quite fun.'
Backbiter - nothing to do with rugby, it means: One who spreads rumors of another, usually going behind their back or stabbing them in the back.
Sherlock's legs disappear suddenly, leaving John's cold in their absence, and he clears his throat as he rises from his seat, gesturing to the stairs with his chin. John nods and they make their excuses.
He's wound up tight, and he spares a second to think, at the back of his mind, that if he unclenched his teeth he'd snap. Sherlock is tense in front of him, gun trembling slightly, though not a lot. John spares another second to think he needs to teach Sherlock how to shoot and keep his cool better. But the younger man is determined and despite being afraid, and for once John can see that he is, he's very brave. He also saw the tiniest effect his actions and words had had on Sherlock, before the detective locked the bothersome
Socked feet quiet against the floor, John pads over and leans his body on the kicthen doorway, watching silently and intently. From top to bottom, Sherlock looks delectably decadent in his blue silk gown, the fabric tied off and hugging his shower damp body just so, driving John so mad he could JUST..
If the detective were to turn around, the doctor is sure his changeable eyes would sport his usual post case verdigris, a job well done. Lazy and sultry and coy, the hardest of Sherlock's looks for John, the one that tests his resolve in a maddening way and makes him usually vacate the room or rush upstairs for fear he'd break and kiss the mad bastard dead.
As it is, not a lot of people know that John is quite unlucky, and it's after one hard day at the clinic and then getting into a spat with Sherlock and storming off, that it happens. John fights it for as long as possible , but his careful control and the way they keep coming at him means he soon loses the fight, especially once he feels three almost simultanous stings in his neck and the numbing of his veins. His body falls dead and his last action is half a giggle at the tought they probably had enough substance in those to put down three elephants.
The door slams behind and John swaggers through the corridor, front entrance and out the Diogenes Club, an entirely too pleased smirk on his face.
Yeah, John doubts this prick knows anything about rugby, so he cuts him off. 'Oh, I imagine you'd fit the position of a
The taller man leans back against him, head turning around, eyes still closed in pleasure. John tilts his head up and gently kisses each lip separately, before kissing his nose.
Clearing his throat, John leans back in his chair, casual as you like, left hand still clasped in Sherlock's, whose dark, dilated eyes seem to bring John's blood to boil underneath his skin. The silence follows on for a couple of seconds, and the soldier's coming down from his high, smiling a bit apologetically at the other people at the table. It seems though, he shouldn't have bothered, as pretty much almsot everyone bar a pasty, sickly Gerrick and a quiet Lisa, have tiny smiles at the corner of their mouths, sipping their drinks almost peacefully.
' - Hardly, you're being unreasonably dim today, John'. Sherlock scoffs, interrupting John, but the latter raises his voice to cover the detective's words.
John's forgotten about his date completely. He thinks he feels a tug but he disregards it, completely tuned in on the developments to his left. He notices he's shifted his body forward, as if to intervene, although why he'd do that he has no idea. There's some instinct trying to tell him something, but he's too preoccupied to figure it out right now.
'Don't think your shitty position can cover your arse, Mycroft. I have friends in higher places if need be, and I assure you, I don't throw around empty threats. If I ever see you in our home again, I'm goin' to pound you like a fucking drum.'
from now on. He dares anyone else to threaten Sherlock ever again. He's going to feast on their bones.
Later they'll both watch, to Sherlock's great satisfaction, pride, arousal and burning curiosity as John tears Moriarty to shreds. Much to John's embarassment. Okay, and dark satisfaction. His mouth pools with saliva when he remembers cutting into that snake's throat.
But John knows what he is doing. He was a young and reckless alcoholic when he himself was plucked off the streets and offered a chance. He cannot in good conscience leave this young man do overdose by himself in some mucky alley. His mind repels that thought, plus Mrs.  Hudson would be very ashamed.
"How dare you - who do yo think you are?" Victor's black eyes are filled with hatred as they run from him to Sherlock and back.
John snorts angrily. 'Oh really, tell me more Oh Oracle of the East. Are you able to predict the future, now -'
It's that very filthy sound that pushes him over the edge, that and Sherlock's sounds and warmth and his scent. His hands tighten in the detective's air, his hips still between the other man's cheeks and they boath moan when his cock starts pulsing wetly.
Jumper clad arms stretch and clasp on the edge of the counter, caging a very startled detective in between. His hungry body hovers just a hair's breath away from those silky forms, just enough to tease them both, glutton for punishment that he is. His head moves like a lion scenting another, from a pink ear to a delightfully sharp jaw, to that inviting sweet mole on a pale long neck. Sherlock's breath is heavy and sweet, he smells like posh shower gel, tea and chocolate digestives. And a strong masculine musk that makes John's cock twitch and release precum.
"I told you it's over, Sherlock." Says curtly the man in the suit. "I'm not funding your drug addiction anymore!." He clears his throat and straightens his shimmering coat.
He's only clad in a pair of grey shorts which do nothing to hide..anything. Lestrade almost wants to turn away from the indecent sight in front of him. He feels wrong to admit to himself he's probably enjoying the sight in front of him as much as Sherlock.
But as they reach the main road, no cab in sight, Sherlock turns towards John, who looks questioningly up at him, and promptly bends down to clumsily smush their lips together. And John doesn't hesitate, his hands fist in Sherlock's hair, dragging him closer and tilting his head, and they kiss and kiss..and kiss; wet and warm and slick, with  moans and
'Right, Sherlock I expect those papers to be on my desk tomorrow at 9am sharp, or I'll make sure you don't get another case for three weeks. Donovan, Anderson, let's go.'
The older Holmes has been bothering them with his presence quite often lately. John had thought it better to stay out of it, but that had been two weeks ago. But judging by Sherlock's tense shoulders as he approaches from behind and the snippets of conversation he's just heard, he thinks it might be time to step in.
His eyes then widen and immediatly squeeze in pleasure when John parts his cheeks and he feels his warm tongue slide through the wetness against his whole, up to his crack.
His boy turns around quickly and smushes his face in his neck, arms tight around John's waist. John brings him as close as physically possible, all the while silently swearing he'll do a better job of protecting his partner, his
Luckily Mrs. Hudson is home from visiting her sister in France, which means she might be persuaded to watch Sherlock tomorrow while he's at work. John shakes his head, smiling to himself as he waits for the lights to go green. Mrs. Hudson won't need any persuasion, she'll take one look at Sherlock and she'll start clucking around him like the mother hen she is.
'You are being utterly unreasonable today John but of course, I could tell this morning by your choice of clothing. You always wear that ridiculous jumper when you're having a bad day, have you noticed?'
John shudders at the feeling of those lean, strong thighs surrounding his own, squeezing him closer towards the promising bulge in the detective's posh trousers.
" - but the vet said I seriously need to book an appointment! Poor Munchkins! John?,"  John realizes Lucy's,
The doctor inhales the crisp night air and for a moment ignores the young man, who's eyes he can feel on the side of his face.
used to dissect at uni, which was worse and also much more interesting than roadkill, hmm. Sometimes they were still twitching.'
The elder Holmes brother's chin juts up, and his words and arrogant grimace make John's stomach tighten in fury. He steps forward all the way until he's shoulder to shoulder with the detective, on his left, and he's barely acknowledged by Mycroft but he feels it when Sherlock leanes into him just the tiniest bit.
John hates Wednesdays as a rule, but that's been amplified today due to the date. Four years now and still he can't help the sickness in his stomach on 16th of January. He's been having flashes of blood running on the pavement and sightless eyes staring emptily into his soul all day, at the most inopportune moments.
When he wakes up, he realizes he's never before had more need or had it been as crucial that he keeps his cool.
Glad they didn't ask any questions, though Violet did caress his cheek and shake her head in an alarming way at one point, but Siger, thank God, saw John's alarmed face behind her and coughed once, prompting Mummy to let go. Sherlock, damn him, had already bounded up inside, insufferable prick that he is, and left John to deal with the luggage as usual.
The thought of it drives him mad, makes him growl, and he breaks off and pulls away, ignoring Sherlock's protesting 'Jawn!'. He roughly turns the detective around and drags his suit jacked off, thankful for it being warm enough now that he no longer needs the Belstaff. He then presses Sherlock against the door, hand fisting in his hair again and pulling his head back to whisper in his ear from behind.
In the cab, after they've left Sherlock's cloak at Johnson's Dry Cleaning and have picked some thai takeaway, Sherlock's pinky touches John's on the seat between them, and he thanks John quietly. They ride home with small smiles on their faces and pinkies entwined.
They only have eyes for each other, and only one thing on their mind. Catching the first cab home, to 221B, where John's going to undress Sherlock and proceed to make them both forget everything else but each other for some time.
The doctor had asesses all of this in less than a second, and as he charges across the room like a bull, he briefley meets Sherlock's greateful eyes. He might have noticed them widen if he'd been in the right mind to pay attention to anything else than the all consuming urge to destroy.
'Can't sweetheart, you're not loose enough..no time.' Talking is hard when his eyes are feasting on the side of his flushed cock, sandwiched between the perfect white globes of Sherlock's ass. The damned man is pushing back against him, up and down, back and forth, making John's cockhead drag wetly across his pucker and, on one occasion, almost breach it.
It's a standoff, John's blood is pumping in his veins, arms in a chokehold around Moriarty's neck, behind him.
They haven't done anything and John blames himself because he's been too cowardly to come out of the closet as bisexual. He's certain there have been times when Sherlock's flirted with him..maybe even tried to make him realise that the detective had changed his mind about beind 'married to his work'. John had clammed up each time. Fool.
John forces himself to keep his eyes on Lestrade who's prattling away about the rugby match he'd seen at the pub yesterday. Unfortunately John had missed it, having only come back from a medical conference in Edinburgh today at noon.
John's lost himself in his rage. He feels like his blood's boiling in his veins, and he wants to whip out his gun and pistol whip this insect of a man, but he remembers he can't in front of everyone.
The doctor does a great job of hiding his body underneath all those jumpers, but his body is ripped. Strong back muscles swell and shift sinuously like a tiger's muscles underneath his fur. One arm's squeezed in a tight fist at his back, while his right pushes him up and down. The music is too loud to hear anything but he looks like he's grunting and breathing deeply in time with his effort.
Finally he puffs and opens his mouth. 'You even washed the jar. Figures, the only time you ever bother to  wash something is when you bin an entire, perfectly fine jar of jam to grow
Sherlock's the best though, and Lestrade's really glad he decided to come here tonight. His face is priceless, gone is his impassive mask, and he's doing nothing to hide his enjoyment of the view. It's probably only Lestrade thinking, but he's almost certain the detective's shifted his coat to hide his front..
The footage was captured by the cameras at the pool, and Mycroft had taken care to destroy them, especially after specfic instructions from Jane Watson. John's going to try to convince Sherlock to destroy this one too. But seeing Sherlock's smile die and shoulders tense up once the John onscreen slumps over on top of Sherlock, blood pooling everywhere, he thinks he won't need to do much convincing.
Victor's snatched his writs back by now and is rubbing it, hissing in pain. John takes a curt step back, positioning himself almost subconsciously in front of Sherlock.
Gasping form efort he kneels on the killer's back, knee on his hands to restrain him and looks up. Greg and Donovan have their guns pointed at the murderer, but gawping at John. Mark is somewhere behind them watching John in awe but John ignores all of this and looks around for Sherlock. The latter is leaning on the far wall near the entrance, watching the doctor with a strange expression on his face.
Lisa lets loose a couple of giggles, grating on John's nerves, and Gerrick unfortunately, especially for himself he'll soon come to know, keeps on flapping his mouth.
And so it happens that they were now at the Holmes Manor in Sussex. A wonderful place which John would enjoy more, were it not for the terrible memories from last winter.
'Remember that time Lisa, when poor Sherlock took that rugby ball to his face?', John's eyes narrow as he calmly sips his wine and he makes a decision, lowering himself a bit in his seat so he can reach out and squeeze Sherlock's knee in between his thighs.
The song changes to a song Lestrade doesn't recognize and doesn't care about because John suddenly changes to triple claps push ups.
"You're a disgrace, quit embarrassing me and my date and leave." John thinks that he sees a flicker of hurt Sherlock's face at this, so ex-lovers probably, and the drug addict seems to still carry a flame deep down, he muses.
Turning his head, John's nose smudges against Sherlock's neck, and his mouth opens to mouth greedily at that wonderfully soft skin there, making the taller man moan breathlessly.
He finally clears his throat, cutting Gerrick short, and offering a thin, freezing smile. He's aware of everyone's eyes on him, and of Sherlock's tension, who's hurt he can basically
