"And so responsive! It's... amazing, really. You loved his face when he was coming, didn't you. His eyes closed..."
"What. The waterfall? Yeah, it was on the papers last week, unsolved one..." John continued his reading.
“Wow. Okay. As I said, the job is still yours if you want it.” Martin smiled at Sherlock as he started to review every paper in his hands.
"If you continue talking, Sherlock, I'll forget to be gentle..." John said with his voice strangled, a little smirk playing on his lips. If someone had told him that Sherlock was ever going to talk dirty to him he would have laughed.
"I need a case." The phrase was quiet, whispered almost and John couldn't help but laugh, he took the newspaper again and began to scan it quickly.
"Sorry, sir..." the woman said, "but I am afraid we don't have a service under the name of exotic fantasy..."
to remind his brother what he had been telling him for years when Sherlock repeated the same question he had been asking for years as well. Sherlock had noticed that time something he was always curious about and watching from afar: the family's grief for someone who had just died. '
"Just because." Sherlock purred the words in his ear now. He lifted his left hand and ghosted his fingertips in the back of John's neck, he toyed with the collar of his shirt. He noted how John's breathing had become a little laboured now. "You're nearly hyperventilating."
Sherlock let out a little snort at that. He hated that hat, too. Armand continued. "You asked me, if I thought the arousal state was controlled by the mind, remember?"
"All right..." Sherlock took a brief gulp of air and lowered his voice, he started to purr the words, "touch your neck..." he said, accentuating each consonant, "imagine that your hands are my hands going down your skin..." he heard a light rustle at the other side of the phone, "... go lower and touch your breasts, move your hands up and down a bit... and around them,
On the other hand, he had made Sherlock visibly nervous. He didn’t want to give it too much thought, but it was still a sight to behold, to see his friend so shaken by a little flirting. It was about time, though, usually it was Sherlock doing the flirting with him, even if he didn’t know what was going on. But well, Sherlock should be kind of used to be flirted with (
Sherlock tilted his head back, looking up at the ceiling and sighing audibly, frustrated. At least he had proved a point with the experiment.
because I am touching him?" there was a little growl under his normal voice, in a clear attempt to sound angry. Sherlock turned his neck and they locked their stares.
When she looked at Sherlock, Martin yanked at the handcuffs she was in and dragged her out of the room.
Once the coffee was ready John walked and placed it in front of Sherlock who, as always, took it without looking. John prepared a coffee for himself and came back to his place in front of the detective. There was a thick silence between them and John didn't want to talk, he knew Sherlock and the current mood, even he had to admit the case was complicated; the yard had no clue and Sherlock had only a couple of ideas. And John was worried because, even if he chose not to think about it, Sherlock seemed very out of it when he heard the details at the Yard.
"Nope. No!" John's elevated voice again, "I told you: it was just a misunderstanding! His back was sore and I just..."
A while later, John checked the injury; it was made with a sharp blade but thankfully it wasn't deep.
; she even commented you didn't know where to look when looking at her naked. Then there was the moan in your phone. You could have changed it easily, oh but you didn't. You wanted us to hear, you wanted us to notice how one erotic sound was something you could handle easily. But don't think for a second I didn't notice the flinch on your face every time you’d received a text. Therefore, that meant you wanted to prove to us something. Prove something you are not, almost as if you're ashamed of not knowing about sex. Or... maybe you do know about it, but you've never done it, am I right? Maybe you
When Lestrade found out about the drug and the possible reason it had been given to Sherlock, he pulled his strings and went back to the facility with a warrant and the specialist firearm command. John was still waiting for news about the case; last thing he knew was Lestrade calling him before heading for the facility.
Lestrade made his way throughout the people firing in front of them. Getting far from the facility, passing the alley they were at before. There was the rental car Lestrade had arrived in, parked at the other side of the crack in the wall from which the DI had appeared. They got out of the vehicle and John ran to open the door to check on Sherlock, who was still lying alongside the backseat.
"You..." Sherlock took a gulp of air, "...you tried to kill me. I tried to stop you and somebody shot your back. You..." he took another gulp of air, this one sounded shaky, "...you fell over me, bleeding everywhere..." at this point, John's throat was a knot, listening to Sherlock talk like that made him want to get inside the phone and hug him. "When I tried to wake you, you just put your hand on my face and said you were sorry."
Armand sighed and toyed with his fingers in his lap. "We're different. You see, you still make me... feel things, directly into my body, without that mind's... filter..."
amused, his face was doing a strange thing. Irene Adler came to his mind. It was an old thing he could never get a grasp on.
Remembering a book he had read ages ago, he reached one of his hands between them, placing it over John's thigh; he moved to the testicles and massaged them slowly. John's eyes snapped open but they were completely unfocused, Sherlock smirked at this, even when his own release was so very close. John's mouth fell open when he felt Sherlock's finger pressing the sensitive flesh behind his scrotum.
“Yeah, she is also trying to convince Craig to lower the price of the software,” John’s face moved a bit. If Sherlock turned his face to look at him now, their noses would probably collide. He remembered last night and closed his eyes.
The man turned to John and stretched his hand without a word. Sherlock watched through the window as the old man took a cab and left hurriedly.
via the camera in the kitchen – Elsie pouring herself a drink and walking upstairs. A couple of thuds let them know she had discarded her shoes. Laughter told them she was talking to Chloe.
Approaching the facility was not easy. They had to run heads down all the way. Lestrade had stepped on a pile of dirt and Sherlock had almost thrown himself over the DI to prevent him from shouting a curse. The rest of the way, Lestrade made sure to let them know the procedure: if people at the facility had fire guns - which they probably did - they would only take enough evidence to come back with the specialist firearm command and a warrant.
"Hello Mycroft." Sherlock didn't move, seemingly unsurprised at his brother's appearance. He knew Mycroft would be coming now that John wasn't around, he wouldn't let this opportunity slip.
But there was still something nagging in his head, something small that had been implied so many times by so many people. He couldn’t avoid it now, could he? Could Sherlock? But then, this was a case. Would this have happened if there had been no case?
"Sherlock..." John faced the man next to him finally and when he did, he took a hold of the pain those light eyes held, a certain longing there, something misplaced, not normal. John couldn't put his finger on it.
“Well. Surprisingly, I got the job,” John announced as soon as he entered the flat. His now-client, William Scott, was dressed in the camel-coloured dressing gown, one arm around Rosie against his hip, looking at a series of photos of stick man necklaces. John got closer to look at the pictures and added, “Miss Eldridge had one of those, too.”
“Mrs Hudson’s laughter from the ground floor, with her and our doors open, are 50. You can do the math.” Sherlock said, his voice low.
Sherlock sat straight then, unbuttoned the remaining four buttons of the shirt and tossed it somewhere near the coffee table in front.
He clinched his fists - hell, he had even killed for this man, and would do it again, no second thoughts too. He would definitely protec-
"Oh." Sherlock made a side smile. "The case is solved, but I cannot let Lestrade know. I used your snoring as a distracting factor... not that it's a lie though, you should sleep on your right side." John frowned and sat on the sofa, Sherlock sat there as well in the same position he was last night; his legs over John's lap and his back on the armrest. John just sighed, rolled his eyes and supported his wrists over Sherlock's ankles.
as he referred to Armand – and how he explained about the little company the hot line was about to buy. He told him about the exotic fantasies, supposedly held by the people's black market... Sherlock listened carefully everything John was saying; he never asked the name of their client, too consumed in the facts for it to be relevant at all with the case.
Then he recalled John's words, in a shower, right after that nightmare. So different from his own mind, John's fears were different than his own. He closed his eyes, recalling John's soft breathing against his back, recalling those words. The words that would give him strength, the words that made sure John's feeling were real, deep and solemn. The words that proved John's personality, and the deep bond connecting both of them even after all of the events from this fatidic day.
"Canada!" John said, raising his voice. Sherlock and Armand startled and turned to face the doctor, a puzzled expression on their faces. "Just in case you want to uh... start a family, Canada is your place." He cleared his throat and his concentration returned to the laptop in front. Sherlock frowned. Armand opened his mouth to respond but Sherlock's phone rang, cutting him off.
Martin nodded with a fake pout, but still in very good spirits. “I see. Okay. If you ever change your mind, though…” And he winked. John noticed because the door of the microwave had a reflection, of course he was going to see it. He also saw Sherlock smiling and wanted to make gag noises.
"They are leaving Xavier in for an interrogation... I convinced him to bring all of the proofs he had. You told me he wasn't guilty and now he wants to prove it. He is sure he is going to lose his job though."
John frowned, opening his eyes, not knowing what Sherlock meant. Again, he didn't want to ask. And again, Sherlock's simple statement '
With a deep sigh and his eyes over the coffee machine, he asked in a throaty voice "How many, Mycroft...?"
"Shut up, Lestrade." Sherlock glared at him and started to walk. John and Greg shared a little smile, John still couldn't calm his panting.
"Sherlock..." his own shaky whisper and unsteady panting met his ears and, somehow in his mind, the sounds combined. He could almost feel the trembling hand on his cheek again and the hot panting against his lips. His strokes became harder and his panting became urgent. With his eyes closed, he could almost feel Sherlock's lips on his, whispering his name in the most delicious way his name had ever been said. He could almost feel it was Sherlock's fingers around his erection. His imagination was vivid, yes, but never like this. In his mind, all of his senses had mingled somehow and suddenly he was no longer alone in his room, it was no longer cold.
For starters, John felt he might have stepped onto a very personal subject for the detective. Even so, he was secretly hoping Sherlock might open up a little, maybe they could even talk about it... but again, what was the point? He already knew what he wanted to know, there was no need to keep digging into it. Still, he felt there were a few pieces of the puzzle he couldn't quite sort yet.
After a couple of seconds, the computer emitted a sound and there was a big blinking red point over the screen. The woman and the man looked at each other and checked their phones. Without a word, the man got up from his sitting position, took his gun and started to walk at the door, slowly. She just stayed there, both hands over the headphones, listening, not even turning at the door. Sherlock turned off his phone inside his pocket.
"Sorry, John. But you weren't sleeping. I hate to repeat myself. Are you all right?" At the question, John closed his eyes in the dark and sighed yet again.
on Martin’s.” Sherlock found something on his phone and showed John the screen with Martin’s chat. It wasn’t a long chat. There was a photo with the
"John..." Sherlock moved his arms around John's shoulders and squeezed him tightly. John left the bowl now in between their bodies – with great difficulty because of Sherlock's grip – on the table and, after a couple of seconds, he wrapped his arms around Sherlock's torso.
..." Mycroft smirked, "What might we deduce about his heart?" John's eyes were on Mycroft's still. At the question, John thought thoroughly the answer. He furrowed his lips in a nervous gesture.
"You have to tell my brother to stop participating in any case Scotland Yard asks him to. Especially if the case goes against my client's wishes."
Sherlock’s mouth did something like a little smile, not really reaching his eyes. John didn’t know what his face was doing anymore. It was probably petrified this whole time.
Phillip noticed the discomfort of the man in front and placed a hand over the other's arm from across the desk.
"Sherlock..." Armand's back stretched forward in the chair, getting even closer to the detective "...you must know, I always, at least try, to get what I want..."
But in Mycroft's eyes it was deeper; ever since they were at the mortuary recognising Miss Adler's supposed corpse at Christmas, it was the time in which he felt the
do hope nobody saw that... you know, you and me, getting off in a dark room... people might really talk now."
“Do I have to be jealous of my old self?” Sherlock smirked but at John’s lack of response he went pale. “Oh.” He inhaled. “That was one more deduction than expected.” He felt John grab his hand with determination now and he looked over the other’s face intently. “You miss
Armand grimaced shortly, his face returning back to normal immediately, he took a gulp of the tea John had offered earlier. The doctor really was somehow enchanted with the personality of the younger man, he was charming. He was the complete opposite to Sherlock and himself. He seemed clueless most of the time and reflected every emotion on his face. His speech and manners were sincere and the ambiguity in him was nonexistent; he was like an open book. But, according to what they've talked, John could also say how, even in his clueless nature, he was a very intelligent man. Armand seemed the type of person to follow his every need and instinct, not giving anything too much thought.
He shook his head and headed up the stairs. He could hear muffled voices, Sherlock and a man. The pitch was not as rough, so not Greg, then.
And Armand, the kid liked Sherlock and the detective apparently wasn't at all that indifferent about the matter. There had to be something deeper there and again Mycroft questioned why his brother let himself to feel and to care about people. Why did Sherlock have to be like that? It was something that he would probably never understand.
"It is." Lestrade never lifted his eyes from papers in front of him. "Close the door behind you, will yah."
Sherlock's eyes were still glued to the psychology books out of curiosity. He felt like drowning in those books; there were lots of things he wanted to understand better.
He started with the back and shoulder blades. With a feathery touch, Sherlock moved his hands down John's back all the way to the hips, pressing the bone softly. He considered spooning John for a moment, wanting to feel the pressure of the older man's body closer to him but the thought was disregarded immediately; this was about John, he wanted to gather John's data and pleasure him at the same time, raw sensations, not filtered, he reminded himself.
"Sherlock..." John managed to say in between the kiss, Sherlock separated them a bit, almost understanding what John wanted to ask.
When Armand saw John, he explained immediately how he had been attacked, as soon as he got to his home, and how he had escaped. Sherlock realized the man wasn't talking about the phone...
“What is it? Rosie?” he asked, getting closer to Sherlock’s phone only to find a message from Craig: ‘
Sherlock held his phone in front of John and they both watched on the thermal cameras as a woman – Abby, going by the shape of her hairdo – checked her phone, stood up from her desk and walked to the exit.
In a hospital cafeteria, John Watson sat in front of his lunch, completely unaware about Sherlock whereabouts today since he had left the flat early in the morning.
"No, no... it's okay, I just got here too early." Sherlock smiled at her. Molly never took her eyes out of Sherlock's. Deep inside, very deep inside, and not like she would acknowledge openly, she was waiting for him to look at her... to really look at her. She had hoped for him to stare at her exposed skin, she hoped for him to lower his glance from her eyes to other parts of her. She knew she was pretty, she knew, if Sherlock was any other man, she would surely have a chance with little effort.
"But if Mycroft wants me out of this, then what about Armand's family uh? What is the connection? What if...?"
"John... this... ahh...!" Sherlock moaned out loud as he kept on rocking his hips against John's. He knew they were close. John's panting and gasping became rapid, he wasn't able to speak anymore and he fell back against the mattress again, his elbow not able to keep him up anymore, the hand on Sherlock's hair moved somewhere on the other's back, his ankles had moved behind the detective's thighs at some point but he couldn't remember when.
"I'm so glad you came, Mycroft..." she said continuing their little chat, placing the tray on the kitchen table, Mycroft just listened with a gentle smile on his face. "I am sure Sherlock will be happy to see you care. He will never admit it, but he
. Sherlock laughed at the excessive concern, and teased John how his work with the kids at the hospital had
John ceased what he was doing and his jaw worked slowly as he lifted his eyes to Sherlock’s face and swallowed once. “Of course. Why wouldn’t we be?”
He heard a light snoring next to him, almost inaudible. He turned his neck slowly and saw Sherlock; he was tossing a bit, it was clear he was dreaming, his head gave little small shakes and John thought he was inside his mind palace, so he didn't wake him. Besides, it was still early and Sherlock sleeping was always a good sign.
"Sherlock..." Armand looked taken aback. Sherlock was a little surprised on how, despite his behaviour, Armand didn't fit the prototype or profile of a gay man. Sherlock's mind travelled to the first time he had met Moriarty with Molly at the lab, "...what do I have to do... if I want to... gain a little piece of your heart?"
Sherlock stowed a few things in his pocket and took his coat as he walked to the exit. "You really should tell your friend your preferences. Don't leave them in the dark, guessing at what you might like otherwise you'll end up wearing quite a bit of lavender." He said, opening the door with a smirk.
“Is that what it is, then? An international operation that came right into your hands by one Miss Hilton? Isn’t that much of a coincidence?” John left the spoon on his empty plate as he took a glass of juice.
"I held onto you, there was nobody around to help us out." Sherlock's voice came back to normal as he kept on talking. "I was holding you and you were getting cold, people at the Yard just looked at us, sprawled all over the floor, and they didn't do a damn thing... I screamed, but they didn't listen." A sigh. "It was... awful, John."
“You see, in computer coding, there are many ways to store data; so this is a code; the equal signs tell us it’s a system called base64, with this, we can get part of the letter, so the first camera in each room is coded that way. Both of your cameras, for example, give us 0, 6, R, 6 and 4. That’s the letter D that’s on your door, remember? Since all letters start with zero in the binary system they all start with the letter O. You see?” Sherlock had started to gesticulate with his hands, his cup precariously holding the tea in, clearly excited about his discovery. “Then the letter D decoded in decimal is 68, in base64 is RA, and the octal code is 104, there is a repeated number in each, but it’s because it’s twice in the same number in the base64…”
He took it and saw the facility planes, the dates John had wrote down that time, his suspicions were confirmed. "So it was a set up."
"I must look like a bloody teenager..." he muttered to himself, suddenly a bit angry. After a couple of minutes, Sherlock came back out from his room, his usual self, looking pretty much as if he had just solved a case.
"No! No... I mean, I was waiting for you, so we could order together..." She was aware of how nervous she was. She had to fight the urge to stand up and disappear.
Sitting next to him, John searched for Sherlock's eyes; they were widely open and the pupils moved frantically, a typical look when something didn't fit in the mystery.
"Well, you are from a wealthy family." Sherlock began, moving the card between his fingers and pointing it to Armand, "I can tell you had a fight with them, maybe because you didn't want to pursue the family legacy and choose to study psychology instead. To practice your knowledge you entered the hot line to study the people calling there; two purposes: money and practice. But you liked it, so you stayed. You told John you had the money to pay, but since you live alone in London, I doubt the money you make at the hot line would suffice, seeing as you haven't found a job as a psychologist; today is Wednesday and you were wandering the whole day... and there is your attire; juvenile, but expensive. So I guess your father sends you money to ease his conscience. Now you came to us to solve this case. Why would you do something like that...? Probably because you sense the importance over this matter, and since your friend, Xavier, can be found guilty, even if he is not, and I have to tell you right now that he is
And perhaps the lasts psychology books Sherlock had been reading. It could lead to... something, anything.
"Enough, I believe..." Armand put his hands inside his pockets. He felt uneasy; he was being scanned. Last night with Sherlock he had felt similarly exposed, but that hadn't made him this uncomfortable. A shiver went up his spine at the scrutiny of the man in front. "I just trust him... and I trust Dr. Watson." He added in a smaller voice.
"I did." The detective replied, lifting himself again with his palm next to John's head, he gave a short nod and had an expression of extreme complacency. John giggled at this, Sherlock gave him a side glace and added "Well, more or less."
They walked then, chatting friendly and had dinner in an Italian ristorante for a change. Sherlock was trying to stay focused on the conversation. John was letting him know he had a shift in the hospital next week, they should stop by the store for milk, they were out of tea and… lots of flatmate's stuff. Sherlock's mind was elsewhere, though. Usually, when he needed to think, he found other people’s talking – or thinking – annoying... but John's voice lulled him, it encouraged him to keep going. He wanted to hear John's voice, so he kept on asking about the most trivial things, following the conversation.
John sighed loudly. "Why was the homeless bloke following us the other day?" Mycroft smirked at the question. The gesture was similar to Sherlock's. But, in John's mind, the gesture on Sherlock's features was even appealing –
Second, talk to Mrs. Hudson. He was going to ask for the skull today, he needed someone to talk to, and since it was Sherlock's...
As they walked, Sherlock noticed a strange figure following them. Sherlock eyed John, who was completely unaware of the situation.
, who is amazing and always teaches me so much (and has the patience of a saint, with my writing and my rants!). She makes an indirect appearance in this chapter too! (Did you notice, dear?)
"I know... I know, Sherlock. I don't expect you to imagine my pain, I grew up with them, I grew up admiring them... I feel as if I'm part of this too." Armand sniffled silently and passed the coffee to the man in front, who still didn't have any expression on his face. "Dr. Watson is right." He stated.
"Why, the name, why did you want me to call you Sherlock?" Sherlock smiled and thought about a quick lie.
There was a pause in which all of Sherlock’s body seemed to be frozen. He took a deep breath as his arms came around John again. This was so awfully intimate his hands started to shake. John’s arms were hesitant at first but came around Sherlock once more. He could feel their heartbeats fast against their ribcages.
"Hang on..." John closed his eyes and frowned, there was still a smile on his face though, "you sucked me?"
“Oh!” she said, relieved, placing her hand on her chest. “I heard the door closing but then I didn’t hear any steps.” Her walking was smoother than usual, John noticed (a bit relieved, truth be told).
intonation, the one of incredulity, of amazement, the one that Sherlock missed, the tone that said without words '
"Oh!" Sherlock snorted, "I had the drugs aside with a bunch of processed plants from the case we had before. The same sample you found in Netherlands. I had to burn the chemical to analyze the residue. The plant chemical and the drug from the hospital looked alike. When Molly entered the lab, she asked if I needed some help, and since I didn't have much time to spare, I accepted her offer and asked her to burn the chemical on the desk."
It was difficult to know if his body was reacting to an aphrodisiac or if it was just his mind being biased, anyway. He was too aware of that topic being completely subjective when John was involved; he felt his body tingling and about to implode.
"John, I just arrived at Bart’s now, got to go. Let me know if anything happens." And with that, Sherlock hung up, a little smirk dancing on his face.
“Red-handed it is,” Sherlock gave a short chuckle. “Let’s give her something to think about, maybe we can distract her if she’s getting suspicious of us,” he whispered and placed his open palm fully on John’s nape, then closed it over John’s hair, exposing his own neck entirely and pressing John’s face to it, aware of how John would be able to
They were at the Yard talking to Lestrade; there was a case the DI hadn’t been able to solve in three weeks. Sherlock solved it in ten minutes; they arrived at the station, talked to Lestrade, read the files about the case, Sherlock talked with John about an idea and soon the doctor was interrogating the prisoner, Sherlock observing every detail of the process.
"No wonder then, Lestrade didn't want to involve the Yard." Sherlock stretched on the couch too. "Tomorrow we are going to tell him this. Then you can go to the hospital to find out the name of the provider..."
It was eight in the morning already and his body was tired, his stomach rumbling and his heart beating as fast as last night. He needed air. He needed…
“Lemon! Lemon!” She was shouting at the top of her lungs and then she sneezed, John could hear Sherlock’s new fit of laughter in the background.
made his way into his mind and he hated himself to be so coward. Truth is, he didn't dare to say the need he had to know he
"Well I am craving for two things." Sherlock raised his brows and talked like it was no such a big deal. "First is tea and then..." he tilted his head to the five cans.
“They stopped! They were supposed to come in right away!” Sherlock could barely suppress a whispered outburst.
Sherlock released a breath of air he had restrained in his lungs, coming out far too shaky for his liking."You did very well, John". His tone wasn't angry or surprised. He was just stating it as a matter of fact.
"You won't get it, inspector." She said, not paying attention to Sherlock but to Lestrade, "If you want the device you will have to pass over them."
The detective was still trying to grab something on his back. John put his hand below the collar of his shirt, he touched the shoulder blades, making Sherlock moan in a very embarrassing way. But thankfully Lestrade was too into the driving to notice. John kept on looking for something, anything, on his back, that could make him figure out what Sherlock was trying to grab. The car reeled like a ship in the sea. Lestrade was a very skilled and quick driver; he had lost already the chasers and they were now into the safety of more crowded roads.
The flat was empty, the night was cold and he was left there alone with his thoughts. He was a mess, he recognized the work of Moriarty behind and finally convinced himself where the evidence was leading him. Theorizing before having all the data was something he never did and he was doing just that. He cursed mentally and closed his eyes, his mind palace was in place and there was a room that needed to be rearranged; he thought about the case, the painting and the hard time he had today when he left John at the Yard with Lestrade going through files as he went back to the port to gather evidence of the ships coming for the last week.
"Thank you... very much." Armand stood petrified in front of the detective. Sherlock's lip corner curved up a little as he realized how the confused attitude left him completely exposed. He could finish the reading he had started before.
John watched the scene in complete silence, ideas going round and round inside his head. He could sense the respect the older man professed to his young friend. As they talked, the bubble they were in was getting thicker and, for the first time, John felt like an outsider. Usually, Sherlock's friends would always tell him something about the detective, they would be the ones to introduce themselves, generally letting him know how they had met. Like Angelo... or Louis. Now this old man in front was mysterious, but he was still clearly helping Sherlock, despite how frightened he looked.
“Sherlock, look. I didn’t do anything I didn’t want to do. Hey.” Sherlock was frowning now, John couldn’t help but smile a bit wider, trying to channel some peace into Sherlock, who still had the same expression which was a bit self-conscious now. Ella’s voice resonated inside his head,
"Sherlock..." He removed his hand from the spot. Sherlock never took his eyes off him. "Sorry, Sherlock... I..." He sighed and looked down to his knees, "I don't know what to do." He said sincerely.
The lead he had was already clear, and John’s eyes were really blue when close, he hadn’t seen them that close in long. The names of the cameras were finally solved and they could even get a huge lead tonight, Lestrade was already on alert about it. The touch of John’s hands was surprisingly soft for someone with so many years handling a gun. He had already called Miss Hilton and everything was ready. Tonight he would be completely alone with John, with whom he had shamelessly flirted not fifteen minutes ago. He sighed. John was already coming up the stairs.
you...?" Sherlock looked at him intently; John had the kettle in his hand and shook his head as he poured some water in the cups. "I really want my cup of tea, and you're not giving it to me."
"Boys!" he said, "I believe I will start a collection of Sherlock's moments. Now this time I present to you, my new show. How to train your detective, part two. Starring Army Doctor John Watson."
“Of course.” Sherlock’s smile was small, his eyes going from John’s retreating back to the floor. “Dorian Gray.”
Sherlock was on his feet and making water run down the flannel by the tap, then he was on his knees positively wetting the chair again. And the floor. And his trousers.
"Yes! A date; you and I. Problem?" Sherlock didn't wait for an answer and ran downstairs, leaving the door open, sure John would follow. The doctor stood still for a couple of seconds in the flat, his brows down and his lips furrowed to a side. But as predicted, soon he was following Sherlock, who was waiting for him outside. John noticed Sherlock's tone. It was
But still, he allowed Sherlock to touch him. In fact he expected it, when he felt Sherlock's hand moving down his thigh he felt anticipation. He wanted that but was unsure if Sherlock knew what he was doing, but then, when he felt the invasive finger he lost it. And now, most part of his embarrassment was because he was left almost with a feeling of dissatisfaction. He was curious, a lot of
Now, John couldn't help but wonder why Sherlock didn't want to talk about it... maybe he just didn't know how to explain it. It would be easier to explain how the mother reacted, but Sherlock had made him read and conclude by himself. John smiled bitterly. There were still things about normal actions and reactions which Sherlock wasn't comfortable with.
Sherlock looked at him with a frown. It looked comical, his serious face with the moans in the background.
His eyes opened frantically and he scanned the room quickly before closing them again. There was the mess of clothes next to the closet, the blankets next to him were dishevelled and he noticed he had company last night. After all, he and John had spent the night talking in his room. They didn't touch after everything, they were satisfied and content by just talking, they lay next to each other, looking to the ceiling, shoulder to shoulder, covered by blankets. They fell asleep at sometime as they talked.
When Sherlock was done with the books, he arranged the sheets of the bed. John was still dozing off at the edge of it; his head fell to the front, it darted up again and fell back down rapidly. Sherlock shook lightly the doctor's shoulder, his arms with five books that had captured his attention. Psychology wasn't his forte and he didn't want to it be, but some of the books had the topic of natural released drugs, topic that lately had made its way into his mind palace.
"Your lips look funny when talking upside down." Sherlock snickered at his own comment. He was rewarded with a soft pull of his ear and a chuckle from John.
“It’s an idea, isn’t it? You came up with it, and you’re going to do it either way because you already deduced my answer. And you also reasoned that’s what you need and also going to help me by proxy so yes; brilliant.”
"I think I get it… but I need to know now. Why do you suspect that something is out of place? The company could be shutting down because of their finances, were those failing? You know... bankruptcy?"
Thanks a lot for the comments, the kudos and the bookmarking. It made me really happy when you guys asked why I haven’t been updating or asked for updates. Really, thank you so much. I’m back and this is back, too!
by chance, but that only made us talk with a woman. The recording voice then asked for another number, you pressed
There were two cameras in Abby’s office: a normal one and a 360° one. It wasn’t a surprise Abby allowed Sherlock and Craig to enter her office unsupervised just after introductions, what with the amount of surveillance. Sherlock wondered is those were thermal cameras as well.
He eyed the clock on his bedside table and sighed. There were still 30 minutes left to take Rosie to the nursery and then back to the spa. He closed his eyes and went to his mind palace, looking for an alternative to what was about to happen this afternoon.
“And a little tension between two grown men who meet a couple of times a week for a…” John could finally pick the six slides squeezed between Sherlock’s buttock and the stretcher. “… massage.” He smiled as he left them all sprawled over the linen behind Sherlock’s rear and then slowly came back to his position standing between Sherlock’s thighs. “I’m gonna make this a bit more believable, all right? I don’t want troubles on my first day.”
"Yes! It's uh..." John hissed, "...it's a long story, Greg. I don't really want to talk about Sherlock's experiment. I don't understand half of them, anyway..." he took the little bottle from Lestrade's hand and threw it inside the wardrobe. His expression was so serious that the DI didn't ask about it anymore.
He wondered what Martin had said to Sherlock after seeing the photos and noticing what was clearly happening in those.
"We know... you wouldn't be here otherwise but at his funeral. My son grew really fond of your little brother."
Sherlock giggled at this, the action made the bed jump a little, the muscles in his back moved lightly. John followed with a snort before pouring some lotion over Sherlock's back. The detective hissed at the cold.
"Can you imagine that, John?" He said waving his hand to the screen. John pressed F5 and a somewhat sad smile crossed his face.
. He was now absorbed on the screen, so he wasn't paying much attention to Sherlock, but the detective kept on talking anyway. "We know Mycroft wanted you away, we also know how we solved the case; the drug was made with a composition based on tulips bulbs... we could never get the names of the other drugs. We also know the leader wasn't really the leader but an accomplice..."
John lit the fireplace as he waited for the water to boil; he eyed Sherlock then, who was now comfortable in his homey attire; a white shirt, dark trousers and a blue robe covering it all, his bare feet in his slippers.
"Oh... Yeah." They both burst into laughter again. "This is awful..." John gasped, "...sad thing is, we haven't been drinking that much at all."
With a sigh, Sherlock found himself going slowly to the doctor's room. There was no snoring and Sherlock smiled, finally putting his thoughts about Mycroft, Moriarty and the case aside. At least trying to, as his mind focused completely on the soft breathing inside John's room.
“I get it… but how did you link the photos with the Spa?” John stood to go feed his daughter, but now his voice had
"I've locked the door." Was the automatic reply. John giggled too. The hug became rather intense with every second. They could feel how a tension in the air went out of the roof. Even though, they weren't doing anything else but hugging tighter than before.
“John,” Sherlock spoke for the first time in a while. “It’s fine. I appreciate your concern, but you don’t –”
. He saw John leave, in his mind he was screaming. He remembered one time, at Dartmoor, when John walked away and that time he had been able to grab his arm, to turn him around and tell him everything, that time he had told John he had felt doubt, he had told John he was his only friend. Stopping him, running behind him.
And the iceman – nickname that Mycroft had somehow held in the solitude of his mind – felt how Sherlock's voice had an undertone of hope, every time, and probably every year '
"I know you are, bloody incredible as it is, but I know you are." Surprisingly, John's voice didn't sound mad or angry; Sherlock noted a bit of frustration in it, but fondness as well.
Instead, he took the empty cups and moved them away to fill the kettle and put it back on. Sherlock’s breathing was far from hyperventilation, so John stayed with his back to him as he fixed chamomile and honey for Sherlock and waited for his breathing to go back to normal.
He looked different from the spa, his muscular body on display with the tight uniform of NSY, nothing like the man who was working with John.
Sherlock smiled again and came back to his original position with his forehead over John's shoulder. "I was right about the drugs."
"Yes!" the detective shouted, both hands making fists in front of his face. "They found the pickup! Grab your jacket, John! This game is just beginning!"
“I… see…” John was flipping through the photographs and then looked at Sherlock, incredulous. “And how did you get these? Craig?”
“John, you already know Detective Martin.” Martin stood and offered a handshake and a confident grin.
He fell back on his bed and passed his arm around Sherlock's shoulder. The detective was sleeping on his side, facing John, one of his hands placed over the arm that John moved around him.
John knew Sherlock was curious about the blog, even if he would never admit it. So he just waited there. John knew he would leave a message. After a while of fast typing, another loud click was heard in the flat, this time coming from Sherlock's laptop. John pressed F5 and read the new comment.
..." John threw his head back on the couch. When he did this, unconsciously his hand stroked the scalp on his lap again. Sherlock closed his eyes at that, but soon it was over. A loud sigh from the detective echoed on the walls of the darkened flat.
Sherlock's hands gave up and one of them was replaced by his elbow. In the middle of all this frantic movement and mess, he saw John tilting his head back, panting intensely, he felt the fingers digging into his skin, one of John's hand moved between their bodies, taking both shafts, stroking, matching his thrust. Sherlock buried his face in John's neck, nuzzling harshly, kissing, nibbling, his own gasps and moans muffled by the other's skin.
"Incognito. I was homeless for the day." Sherlock tossed the wig near the desk and sat on the couch with a sigh.
“Now what’s my life! Now even our nanny is an MI6 trained agent? What’s next?” Sherlock was about to defend but he saw John’s humour behind his words, it wasn’t an accusation as he feared, so he just smiled.
John cleared his throat, nervously. He couldn't follow everything Mycroft was saying. Sometimes when talking to Sherlock or Mycroft he felt... brainless, as if they were talking something so obvious for them, but for them alone. He tapped his fingers on the table again.
“I tried to make her fall in love with me again. I…” Abby sighed. “I threatened her to expose her past to Chloe if she didn’t cooperate with me. I was poisoning Chloe with PIEDRA, hoping for the tachycardia and stomach acid to take over, but Elsie perfected the formula so that wouldn’t happen anymore. I tried testing with the clients but none of you had the after-effects, not even the tea!”
Armand smiled too, his lips moved to ghost below his ear. "I read the comments, the communication between you two... oh I'm so jealous of Dr. Watson..."
John, who was looking the scene whilst fighting a giggle, shook his head at the DI. "It's just Sherlock, Greg... not a poisonous insect." He added, positioning himself behind Sherlock and, with a firm grip, he took the detective's upper arms, making him face his bedroom's door.
an accomplice,” Sherlock shimmed in. “But she was also being threatened. We only need to prove it. That’s why I let you come so late in the evening.”
as they ran escaping from the police. He recalled the security in Sherlock's eyes when they were at Miss Riley's house, waiting for her to appear to demand answers. He also recalled the fear, the terror in Sherlock's eyes when Moriarty said he was just an actor called Richard Brook hired by Sherlock to
to be apologetic), to finally agreed no boundaries inside the flat. If there was something going on – a date, for example, as John had made clear to point out – they would have let the other know before. Sherlock usually didn't go into his room, but the times he did – to take a book, to ask for John's phone, to take the laptop – John would still freak out a little, even when he politely knocked every time. He didn't, last night. He hadn't freaked out. He actually wanted for him to stay a little longer.
“I need…” Sherlock was on his knees checking below that chair, he also had a cotton swab from his gown and was rubbing it against the chair even though apparently there was absolutely nothing on it.
“The phone is showing bright red on the camera. If it’s hot then that means she had some heavy app loaded. And she’s leaving 20 minutes after Elsie applied stop motion on the cameras. Coincidence?”
John flushed and took a proud gulp of air (Sherlock secretly waited for these John’s proud-papa moments). He cleared his throat and tried to change the topic. “What is Celia to Mycroft anyway?”
"Nice to meet you," John snorted, "I'll leave you both to talk, then." John walked to the bathroom in Sherlock's room, not even bothered to take a change of clothes. As he was about to enter the bathroom he saw Sherlock now sitting in front of his microscope. John just frowned. "New case?"
"Are these the ones you brought from the facility?" he asked, opening the small one. A screen asking for a password opened and the older brother just stared at the screen.
Sherlock was silent that time. Mycroft felt a knot in his stomach seeing, rather verifying, that his little brother was different, he did care, he did feel. But it was easier for the younger man to hide behind his
“Greg has three scars,” Sherlock murmured after the minutes of silence that followed the chamomile. He seemed so tired that, for a moment, John thought about leaving everything else for tomorrow.
“You look like a princess,” Mycroft looked at her for the first time, his face going soft for a second.
“Oh.” There was a pause behind him and then Sherlock cleared his throat. “No. Completely safe business. I checked all the slides before asking Rosie to stick her nose into them.” Sherlock’s wording and hard tone showed that the accusation had irritated him. Shit. John didn’t want that at all. He wasn’t angry, damn it!
"Okay... you're a kinky one." She added after a brief pause. Sherlock heard a little giggle and frowned at the phone.
"I'm as confused as you are, Greg." John answered with a groan, trying to stand up, but Sherlock's grip was firm.
" He took a deep breath and continued "I thought it was only my father and now I know it's his sister as well... I just... feel... ashamed, like... I feel like shit." He sighed heavily, cleared his throat and then took the kettle to pour water in the cups.
"Well…" the doctor started, "that... would be a little awkward, and you should actually do that kind of stuff in your bedroom, you know, behind closed doors." John cleared his throat once more and locked his eyes on his partner's. Sherlock slowly moved his face a millimetre closer.
, but he couldn't really tell what it was, "You're upset, care to explain? Is this about the press?"
Still supporting himself with one palm over the desk, with the other hand he opened the little laptop, the password screen greeting him. "Forget it, Sherlock. No spaces..." he muttered again as he typed using only his index finger on the keypad. After a few taps, he pressed one last key loudly.
He thought of his own hands, then. Sometimes he would do that. He couldn’t help but remember how a few years ago when things were so messed up, when he had beaten Sherlock so bad that he had been left bleeding in a morgue floor, how his hands had hurt for days after, every time he flexed his fingers.
John's eyes snapped open. Armand's images flashes through his mind; the over concern about the case, the old fashioned phrase
Armand's phone gave a few laps in the air before falling back to Sherlock’s waiting hand; he observed the item once more, intently. After a while he got up and walked to the bathroom, he took off his shirt and tossed it to a side. He bent over the sink and splashed water over his face and neck, he put his head under the water and allowed the cold liquid fall over him. He couldn't explain the action; he tried, but failed. He didn't want to feel Armand's hot breath and lips on the same place he had felt John's... that was the only possible explanation his mind could come up with. But he wasn't convincing himself. The feeling,
If they hadn’t been as close as they were, John wouldn’t have noticed the change in Sherlock’s eyes nor him taking a gulp of air, clearly about to retort when John’s eyes got wide and he lifted his index finger close to Sherlock’s face saying as firmly as he could and trying to suppress a laugh, “Not a word.” He cleared his throat and continued, “Go on, then; Elsie was living in America, let me guess: Wisconsin?”
"No new cases today, Sherlock." He sighed relieved. He really didn't want to argue with Sherlock. Even when he found it odd, he just appreciated it and preferred not to give it so much thought. "I need to get some rest. I'll call you if there's anything new. See you later, boys!" Lestrade was already walking down the stairs. John got closer to the window and saw the DI taking a cab. He hadn't come in a police car. John was still confused by Sherlock's behaviour.
"Thank you." Sherlock's words were accompanied by a light squeeze on her shoulder and she thinned her lips into a nervous smile, lifting her brows.
"I need to prepare a little something..." Sherlock said, he blinked slowly and fixed his stare over Louis.
It was finally a bit sunnier and warmer outside when John entered their flat around six in the afternoon. Mrs. Hudson was going upstairs, holding a tray with cookies and two pieces of cake. As soon as she saw him coming, she hurried up as much as she could to place the tray onto the kitchen's table. She waited for him under the doorframe.
It took them a lot of effort to take Sherlock out of the pickup and get him into the car. John sat at the backseat with Sherlock, trying to figure out what was wrong with him.
John came out of the bathroom when he saw that scene and froze. Headshaking, he got closer to Jack, who had a knowingly smile on his face. He was looking at Sherlock and the girl. Jack seemed to recognize John, he turned to him.
“That… if I allowed it to do so, it would…” John supported his forehead on Sherlock’s shoulder again as he continued to read, inhaling a shaky breath and clearing his throat. “It would absorb my whole nature and… and...” He pressed on Sherlock’s arm with purpose as he moved his hand up and down imposing Sherlock’s rhythm on himself. He could feel Sherlock’s ragged breaths that seemed to increase the more he pressed his skin. Inspired, he moved that hand to Sherlock’s waist, finding the hem of his trousers - now loose - and dipped three fingers inside, touching Sherlock’s bare skin over his right hip, applying pressure on the bone he found there.
At that very moment, the girl who took the order arrived. She brought a familiar sized pizza; it seemed neat and appetizing. She placed it on the table with two forks, a black coffee for Sherlock. When the woman walked away, Sherlock snorted when he saw John's alienated expression. Big eyes blinked at the huge plate in front.
John lifted his gaze and his expression changed into one of pure adoration as he moved over Sherlock, his palms rested at each side of Sherlock's face over the mattress as the rest of their bodies were pressed together, they both felt the sticky substance spreading between their stomachs but none of them cared. Without breaking his stare, John kissed the other man, both of their eyes locked into each other as the lazy kiss deepened. Neither of them could move anything but their lips and tongues. Butterfly kisses were given and received, some of them deepened, some of them didn't. John lost the track of time as he kissed his friend, eyes still open, none of them dared to break the moment or to close their eyes. They played with their tongues, they took in the whole of their visual field occupied by the other's face. Their noses touched, their breaths mixed, Sherlock's hand lazily fell over John's waist, pressing them closer together, not bothered by the weight of his friend over him.
Sherlock seemed to want to say something else, but then looked down again. Back to science. John was back to food serving.
“Of course! She has been a great help in this investigation,” Sherlock said. If John didn’t know any better, he would have said Sherlock was a proud father.
John opened the door and what he saw next was something near to a vision. The man in front was the real canon of male beauty; a tall, well formed man, brown hair, dark eyes, light skin, he was wearing a leather jacket, jeans and boots. His face was friendly and he had really handsome and masculine features.
“Yes! Yes, that’s Elsie Patrick, alright. This only proves he’s after Abby Slaney. I bet he didn’t like this photo.”
"I will not let you die, John... I will not..." Sherlock said, his voice was muffled by the doctor's hair. John noticed that it was just another phase of the drugged state. Sherlock could cry, laugh or get violent at any moment, and very quickly. Even when he could form semi-coherent thoughts and words now, he probably still needed the whole night to recover. John shook his head at the realization: a sleepless night waited for him.
Sherlock turned his neck, facing at John. They both were fighting a laugh. As they locked their gazes they couldn't help it anymore and laughed hard. It was difficult to stop. It was good to know things haven't changed and that they could still throw the tension that way.
"The one you made me drink. Of course I do." John said lifting an eyebrow and moving a little under Sherlock, his leg about to cramp. The detective lifted himself reluctantly from the couch as he felt John moving.
With a last sigh and a small "good, I'll see you tomorrow." Lestrade walked back to the Yard, Donovan was waiting at the front door. Both men outside could see how she asked something and Lestrade just waved a hand dismissively at her.
There were scrambled eggs and bacon, orange juice, toasts, tea, coffee... half of the table was completely in order, and the other half had all of Sherlock's experimentation devices. And a few meters farther, there was Armand, sitting in the same chair he was last night, his elbows over his knees and his chin over his hands, staring intently to a deeply asleep Sherlock.
It surprised him most though, that now John knew something about his private life and he wasn't upset, quite the contrary. John was the first person to ever pay him that much attention; enough to know how to read his subtlest reactions. John was aware of everything, even in the slightest flinches of his brows. John knew how to recognise all of his moods. And, most importantly, John knew he could
"In your mind palace... rrrright." John said, lifting a brow and furrowing his lips to a side. Sherlock looked at him with a light frown.
"I swear, if anything happens to John and you have anything to do with it, I swear to you, I will forget we are related."
coming from John’s lips. Instead, John asked, “How do you think this is going to look on the cameras?”
"I doubt it..." John answered, "I'm surprised he can even think enough to form a phrase, though... when will the results be ready?"
"Sure! There is a photograph of him at the blog as well... he wrote something for the criminals, so they can identify you both" the guy laughed shortly, "really nice move there." Sherlock giggled silently, his shoulders shaking. He recalled that day clearly. The guy continued his description, "He's blonde, older than Sherlock apparently, but he has handsome and manly features. His nose is well formed and he has a nice smile, thin lips... He was a soldier, so I can imagine a nice and well formed body... maybe a little worn out from age, but still nice."
"I don't care if they fight or not, John. I am just doing what I was asked to do." The younger man lifted his face to look at John. For once, he didn't seem surprised at the sudden caress. John's hand was warm against his cold skin.
Abby’s breathing was close to hyperventilation at this point, John’s doctorly instinct kicking right in but limiting himself to get closer to Abby. Her mouth worked trying to speak and then started to shiver so hard John thought for a second she was going to have a seizure.
“Miss Eldridge, you don’t have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court,” Sherlock said, panting.
Craig made a copy of the files. “Come on, come on, come on!” he whispered under his breath as the green bar loaded very fast. It got stuck at 97%. Sherlock held his breath.
"They just changed these supplies today..." Sherlock said as he looked around. The container didn't have a door; it was like a big box tilted to a side. It was big enough for both of them sitting in there, comfortably, but was not big enough to be standing inside. It had an excellent view to the place the boats should arrive, but it was very unlikely they could be spotted. It was strategically placed.
As soon as she fell asleep and was safely in her cradle and there was still no sign of John, he went back to the kitchen table only to observe the solution he was waiting for had been tested positive for MAOI and the other for PEA; components mostly found in food and completely harmless…
. I’m not justifying you. There’s nothing to justify. But... sometimes we need to do wrong to understand what’s right.”
“John,” Sherlock looked down to his feet with his hands at his back now and John could see the vein in Sherlock’s neck throbbing alarmingly fast, but he trained his eyes back on Sherlock’s. “Would you be afraid to spend the night with a lunatic –” Sherlock came one step closer, his eyes never leaving John’s, “An idiot whose mind sometimes loses its grip?”
… He heard the last half of his moan already resonating in the air when he felt John stopping and removing his hands from his chest.
He expected this to be another solved and unimportant case: they would find the photographs, give them to Mycroft and be done with it.
"Phillip, I told you..." he repeated the same sentence, as polite as possible, "I can't cover your back all the time. The Yard is already into this and they are going to track you."
The night in Sherlock's bedroom began to play inside his head. It felt like a dream. But then, looking deeper, he noted how the insecurity Sherlock displayed every time when leading with human emotions were present that night as well. Then it hit him; Sherlock was always insecure about people loving him, caring for him, as if that was something impossible. Was Sherlock really
"You're not going to ask?" Sherlock questioned staring into the other's eyes, they were extremely close; their noses were inches apart and neither of them seemed to mind.
“Sex-spa,” Martin replied and Sherlock smirked at the deduction. “It’s quite obvious if we look much into it. Even if it’s not the main course of
"We know nothing concrete yet about the case, John. Making assumptions is not going to lead us anywhere... and besides," Sherlock turned his face completely at John now, pale eyes fixated in deep blue ones, "I really thought you would say something like... I don't know, there are no romantic situations between two male friends, perhaps?"
"Is the injury part of the disguise too?" John left his laptop on the other armchair and walked to the bathroom to get the first aid kit.
"To the lab first, I need to check the dirt sample to relieve a suspicion I have... then depending on the hour, I have to go lunch with Molly."
things when I hear your voice now..." Armand then moved Sherlock's hand to his chest, in a similar way Sherlock had done with John before. There, he could feel a rapid heartbeat. He also noted that Armand's pupils were dilated and his breathing rate had increased considerably.
At the last word escaped his lips, Sherlock snapped his head up. He opened big eyes and stared to a point behind John's head.
“Does it have to do with the fact that right now we’re being recorded? Only images, not sounds. Thankfully,” Sherlock said as he pulled his jumper over his head. He started to unbutton the shirt and congratulated himself for the idea to wear a vest underneath.
Sherlock returned with the dummy, sitting it carefully on a chair. Mrs. Hudson grinned to it. "I'm glad you're experimenting on a dummy now," she waved her hand to the fridge. John laughed.
"Oh, it's not important. I need to talk to him." Sherlock finished the knot, it was one of those knots people usually use to hang themselves. John was so used to weird things that he surprised himself when he didn't even asked about Sherlock's doings.
John’s name was repeated between moans into the safety of the fabric. Sherlock could feel a drop of sweat and saliva sliding from his neck and it felt huge, like a tongue.
"I didn't come all the way here to talk about modals, John..." Mycroft sat on Sherlock's leather armchair, John sat in front. The older Holmes let out a long sigh and rubbed his temples. His position on the chair was casual and relaxed, usual composure seemed forgotten.
After that, the consulting detective sat on his chair, knees over his chest, toes tapping the leather. Now and then John would look over at the concentrated expression he had. Sherlock was thinking, and he was thinking hard. He had a frown over his features and, except for his toes, he was immobile, one could think he wasn't even breathing.
Sherlock took a little notepad from his pocket; he opened it and handed it to John, the doctor read carefully.
And about Sherlock, John had to admit he was infinitely amused on how Sherlock seemed to follow his every request now. Even Lestrade had been teasing them, Sherlock specially.
"Sherlock is a human being, Mycroft. I think he is capable of feeling just like anyone else." Mycroft made a little smile.
"So, as I told you…" he told her after explaining the situation, "I think it would be on your own behalf if you stop lying to yourself. You knew the answer all along. Now it's up to you if you do something about this." Sherlock spoke seriously; a middle aged woman, younger than Mrs. Hudson, listened intently. Her eyes danced up and down the younger detective's face. Her expression indescribable. She wanted to get mad. She
John thought with a smile. Being with Sherlock and talking his frustrations out really helped him to relax.
The answer took its time to arrive and in the meanwhile, Sherlock took his little rubber ball from his pocket and started to silently play with it again.
"Really," the old man gestured with his hand for the detective to get closer, he and John got nearer to the little window "this part over here," he whispered making a round gesture with his index finger in the air, "they were all obliged to move out when they closed the factory over there. I recommend one of these abandoned flats to do whatever you want to, couples coming here usually use them." John had to fight the urge to wrinkle his nose and grimace. "Do not go near the canal, though."
John just smiled at him. "All right... how do we keep in touch? You know, there's no WiFi at the lab and no signal on your phone...”
Armand remained silent, two cups in his hands, his back turned to Sherlock, who just stayed there not moving, waiting for a reaction of the younger man.
) and then put her to bed. As she grew older, John would ask her to tell him everything she did that day, especially now that she was going to nursery in the afternoon.
Why was that so vivid inside Sherlock's brain? John blinked a couple of times, at lost. He could feel the soft breathing of his companion, somewhere in between his neck and hair. The position made John feel embarrassed, but at the same time, it gave him a weird sense of security, to know Sherlock actually cared so much.
"It wasn't me… you know, she didn't try to get physical with me. It was…" Sherlock made a disgusted face, wrinkling his nose.
They walked in the dark around the backyard, the smell of freshly cut grass surrounding them. They looked at the ground as they walked, crouching a couple of times to take samples of the soil, grass, a few leaves here and there, all neatly stored in small zip bags. Sherlock stopped in front of a small, green plastic garden shed and asked to take samples of the fertilisers and disinfectants stored there. He made quick work of it with surgical gloves and small bottles, inspecting the contents, lids, and the shed’s plastic door.
." Sherlock said, opening his palms in front of him. "The effect of the drug they gave me is similar. Only maybe... perfected..." he turned his torso to John in order to face him. "My senses were completely... taken. Not only was my mind playing tricks on me but also my other senses. Last night I couldn't move any part of my body, John... my eyes and my fingers were an exception. My biggest fear, my lack of control. You saw me last night, you saw I couldn't move." Sherlock blinked a couple of times, and looked around the flat, he was getting exited once more by the case.
"Hello." He started, Sherlock heard the hushed greeting over Lestrade's muttering and smiled to John, knowingly. "I don't think we've met."
“Oh!” She dragged her chair a little to the left and made a gesture with her hand. Permission. Excellent. “In that case, sure! It’s an old thing and you know? There’s no chance to contact the original programmer, it was custom-made, you see. Come round here.” She waved to the keyboard as Sherlock rounded the reception desk, getting closer to the screen.
"Oh, yes. Sorry, come in." John had to fight a yawn. They walked upstairs. John was wondering what time it was. He knew it couldn't be so late in the afternoon. "Give me a minute please, you can wait here."
The next day, three o’clock in the afternoon, found John Watson, CV in hand, a couple of false references, false previous jobs as massage therapist (all courtesy of Sherlock’s network), and false client’s database (Gregory Lestrade, William Scott, Molly Hooper, Martha Hudson and four friends, William Wiggins), in Slaney’s Spa manager’s office, looking for a job.
When Chloe Hilton closed the door to leave John and Sherlock with a bottle and two glasses full of water on a side table, Sherlock hurried to the bathroom and took a glass of water with him while fussing on his phone. John, familiar with Sherlock’s ways, stood silent next to the big window for a few moments, looking at the room.
“Consider it done. But I’ll need more explanations later,” Martin said, his face inches from Sherlock’s.
The silence following John’s laughter was easy and homey. He was cleaning and soon Sherlock was next to him to offer some help out of habit.
The girl came out of her trance and turned her face to John. She was shorter than him, had big green eyes. Her hair was long, brown with a shade of red.
That almost sent a shiver down to Sherlock’s spine when a quick image of John licking the oil off his arms crossed his mind. His penis jumped at the thought but it was quickly replaced with an image of a faceless woman and John licking oil off her body, her stomach, her breasts. He cleared his throat. John didn’t seem to notice.
"Where are you going?" Greg yelled, jogging a bit to where Anderson watched the scene exasperated. Lestrade passed the card to the criminalist and caught up with John and Sherlock, "Sherlock!"
"And he didn't do it. I assume you can ask Anderson to be useful for once and gather enough evidence to incriminate the brother…" Sherlock walked to the exit at the end of the hallway, flipping up the collar of his coat, preparing to leave.
Sarah walked in the cafeteria, she had a tired expression. John had to fight the urge to stand up and leave. He enjoyed her company, but he didn't want her to know he was texting Sherlock.
John fingered Sherlock several seconds before moving another finger in. He growled as his index and middle were buried inside and he couldn’t help but stare the expression on Sherlock’s face; pure lust, pure wanting, Sherlock's hips were moving above him, searching for more pain, for more pleasure. John crocked his fingers up and Sherlock cried incredibly loud, his head tilted back and his grip on the sheets beneath him tightened, his jaw fell open and his eyes widened at the ceiling. John watched in pure awe as he mentally thanked his medical knowledge about prostate exam.
And today, a day after all of that, they could finally sit in silence, at last a complete day of silence and quiet after those two last cases. John giggled when he saw Sherlock playing with the tie pin the banker's family gave him as a reward, a book in his other hand. The tie pin gave laps in the air as Sherlock continued his reading and John continued his scrutiny around newspapers. Sherlock had a satisfied expression as he read the book, but there was also something else, John couldn't decipher it.
"Sir? This just came in." She handed the folder to the DI and waited. John looked at her with evident interest. Sherlock just followed John's gaze and rolled his eyes, teasingly.
"John... God... I can't..." Sherlock spoke to the air now, his gasps were nearly indecent as John circled inside and carefully pushed a third finger. It wasn't easy. All of his focus was on Sherlock face and his expressions. Sherlock told him what he wanted, and John's insecurities about having sex with this man, with this incredible man, went flying out of the window.
"Just talk." Was the deep, dark, half-whispered answer from the detective. Lestrade startled next to him, surprised at the unusual tone.
"Five more beers and I can give you a whole..." he gestured with his hand to Sherlock's body, "...full... body massage if you want." John smiled and, taking another gulp of his beer, he added, "Not that I'm gonna remember tomorrow anyway." John burst into laughter at his own words and Sherlock followed the contagious sound. It was like they were tickling each other with each look; it was really hard to stop. They usually had that effect on each other when they started to laugh like this. After long seconds, they were finally able to calm down and stop. Sherlock lifted his glass and bumped it lightly to John's. John followed, they drank another gulp.
“Speak up, John.” The words were harsh, but there was tenderness in his voice and he knew he was giving away too much. What else was there to hide? “We’re both shite at this, but please… do speak up.”
But then, his first week in London he met the detective. The first time he described him as mad and charming. He knew from the beginning Sherlock wasn't safe. After a couple of days living with him, his mind was slowly replacing the lovely fantasy. He no longer wanted to snuggle next to a loving wife in lazy afternoons. Instead, he wanted to solve cases and be constantly fighting over eating habits with his friend. He no longer wanted to sleep spooning a soft body in his arms; now he wanted to sleep in the bedroom above Sherlock's, he wanted to wake up in the middle of the night with violin music –or anti-music, according to his moods. Or worse, being awaked to go into another
He pulled his fingers out and noticed he was even harder than before. With a sigh, he stroked his erection, silent moans making their way out from his throat as he did, Sherlock's images all over his eyes, the voice, the smell, the taste, the warmth, the soft lips, the wet tongue... it was over sooner than usual.
"Well, I can't change this, John... and I want you to go on... so, what do you suggest?" Sherlock turned around completely. He rested on his back now and supported himself on his elbows. His eyes fixed in John's. His state was evident in his trousers. John opened his mouth to reply, but he stopped when Sherlock did something he had never seen him do before. Sherlock's eyes travelled over his face, he observed his lips, his neck, even tilted his head down to look at him properly. His eyes stopped on a bulge in John's jeans. John was muted, surprised how his body reacted way too quickly when it was about Sherlock. "You are nearly hard as well and you were very well ignoring it..."
John didn't know what to say, at the loss of words, he searched for his phone in his pocket and texted Sherlock.
As soon as John stopped his massage and asked that question, Sherlock opened his eyes. He was about to make a quick scan on John but a command stopped him, making him really snap out of it.
Now they looked as lonely as he was now, with no John next to him, but further than that, they seemed brilliant points trapped in a darkness canvas. Like flies trapped in a spider web.
With slow moves, John tilted his head forward, his chin almost over his chest, he smiled against his will, he suddenly felt the urge to laugh out loud, he was nervous as hell, his mind running through every possible scenario with the man behind him. But then he felt Sherlock's hands trembling against his chest, those hands, the ones that were so secure, the hands that held chemical supplies in the most delicate way, those were the hands that were shaking. But at the same time, the touch over his chest was secure, manly, with the faintest of pressures.
As soon as John heard gunshots he lowered his head whilst making a gesture to Sherlock to lower his as well. He complied John's orders, but fell to the side by doing so, making him occupy the rest of the backseat. Luckily for them, it was a double cab.
Sherlock released John's hand and smiled at him. Again, the smile made John's heart ache for a second. What was wrong with Sherlock? He couldn't put his finger on the feeling or the reaction he got from the other man, but he was quite sure he had to find out, it was all too much. He never expected Sherlock would kiss his hand like that, there was so much concern, so much regret, so much gratefulness, so many emotions in the way Sherlock was acting towards him these days that he had to find out what was going on. Soon.
“Are you alright?” Sherlock didn’t lift his head from the microscope. Lately, John had assumed Sherlock did that so there was no room for self-consciousness if John had to say something he was not comfortable with.
“Could be.” After a pause of watching John writing on his notebook, he made a gesture to John’s improvised seat and asked, “Do you want to swap places now?”
Sherlock's softened features were slowly replaced by a frown again. He didn't want to give so much thought to the case today. He had recognized Moriarty's doing; he knew that, as a consulting criminal, he was behind the drugs and Mycroft was trying to hunt him down. Sherlock knew the criminal mind needed attention, he was aware of that. He constantly said that he loved those... mostly because he loved the expression of deception and triumph at the same time on their faces when they found someone clever than them, someone who was able to track them down. He had become a detective to help out; he knew he could use his
Sherlock curled up on his chair. His eyes felt heavy, even when he had slept several nights on a row. He was aware about Mycroft's reasoning being the right one, but he couldn't understand why he had to be destroyed.
"Sherlock." he called quietly, feeling a little rush of guiltiness by waking him up. He was more than aware about the drugs' effects but he knew for sure they should be out of his system by now. "Sherlock...!" He called again.
He tried to open his eyes again but it was a task impossible to accomplish. He tried to speak but the sensation was the same as when he was expulsing the drug from his system; a feeling of anxiety and exasperation... he wanted to scream but he needed air for that and he could barely breathe.
Sherlock, on the other hand, was quiet about all of what happened between them. John wasn't expecting a romantic moment, holding hands in the cab or anything, but today after the shower the detective came back to his old self and John wondered what was going on inside the mind of the detective. Was Sherlock right to be afraid? Maybe he had enough of the doctor? Maybe it was a mere curiosity that had been already satisfied? John tried not to think about those, he really didn't.
"Why is it necessary for us to go?" John asked, he saw by the corner of his eyes Sherlock clenching his jaw, sighing soundlessly and swallowing impatiently.
John could feel - and hear - Sherlock’s hesitation and drew a breath as he fisted the fabric under his hand. In his head, he couldn’t stop reproaching his selfishness because, deep down, he knew he was trying to redeem himself from everything he had done in the past by helping Sherlock now. He had decided he wanted to help the moment he walked inside the corridor and heard him from the bathroom. But this would never work if he could even smell Sherlock stalling. “Sherlock…” he whispered, his hand moved slowly from Sherlock’s back to his right bicep applying the same pressure he used days ago on that first massage. “Go on.”
and that he shouldn't be discriminated against for being brilliant… although he was kind of a dick at times. He remembered Donovan and all of the things she said the second day after he had met Sherlock. That's the way they saw him, then? As a
Sherlock’s laughter was silent, only his shoulders moving. John could feel tears coming to his eyes as Sherlock made a circle with his arms and hands in the air, as if massaging a big ball in front of them.
And at that moment, oddly enough, he laughed shortly when in fact that was the moment when the genuine tears appeared. He wanted to tell John that there was Louis, Jack, Angelo, and many homeless John had never met. He wanted to tell John the plan he had with Molly, that the blood he was about to witness was indeed his own – to pass through any kind of standard procedure about DNA – but taken previously by Molly from his arm, not rushing out of his head. He wanted to tell him to wait for him. That he'll be back shortly, hopefully.
There was something in both of their eyes as they said their goodbyes. The firm handshake and the couple of seconds their eyes meet was enough for Mycroft. He recognized an enemy when he saw one.
But as he talked to John on the phone, he lost it. He lost it at the overwhelming feelings of the doctor and this time, he couldn't help it. A single phrase that almost made him change his plans, that almost made him tell John all about the fake suicide, about the fake fall.
The Yarder taking them to the location Sherlock had requested after they were off Elsie and Chloe’s house was following the given route with trouble; Ridling Thorpe was a former manor but now an exclusive jewellery store. There was a small lake surrounded by vast acres of vegetation and Sherlock had asked to follow that complicated pathway. The car jumped and moved in the dark - it was nearly 6 am - while Sherlock spoke on the phone and John listened attentively to whatever Sherlock was saying, one hand firmly grabbing the door handle for support.
Or maybe some of the aphrodisiacs had been actually absorbed by his body, going by his wild heartbeat and the throbbing feeling low in his gut.
. That was actually his first thought when reading the entry. He wanted to comment that, but the rumours around them were already strong enough... not that he minded, but John did. Instead he commented in his usually humorous, sarcastic tone, mocking John's writing skills:
Now Sherlock was straddling his lap, both of his legs painfully trapped between John’s weight and the floor.
"Remember, John. He told us he'd been attacked. I was just making sure they weren't waiting for company."
Lestrade fulfilled his promise, a couple of weeks after the museum there was the kidnapping of the banker, no Donovan and no Anderson. Somehow along that case they also solved the one about Ricoletti. There was certain help directly from Italy about the data of the underground mafia and their locations in London where they found the banker. Sherlock did acknowledge about it, and soon he and John had taken a hold that it was Armand Smith's doing things there to help them from afar. Not in vain all of the envelopes they received were signed by '
"Of both of you it seems." Lestrade got closer to them and looked at Sherlock intensely. "It's the first time I see you so shocked! Do you need a blanket?" he added turning off his phone and putting it inside his jean's pocket.
John stood up and walked to the detective who just lifted his glance to look at him. John was smiling. His smile didn't fade when he leaned towards Sherlock's face. The detective didn't change his expression, his lips parted slowly, welcoming the kiss. It was a soft kiss, John let his tongue dart into Sherlock's mouth, the doctor felt a strong grip behind his neck as Sherlock deepened the kiss, tilting his head, closing his eyes, moving his tongue along John's. It was the first kiss after all of that, and John couldn't help the desire to wash over him, like a cold fire growing inside his chest. He felt Sherlock moving his hand to his waist, a silent question to which John answered placing his hand above Sherlock's, sliding it up until it was pressing against his racing heart, his other hand moved behind Sherlock's neck, it crawled under the collar of his shirt.
"I'm not sure... I was planning France or maybe Italy..." he looked up at Sherlock who was with a lost expression again, "it was really... a pleasure to meet you. I'm going to keep in touch through your blog... or Dr. Watson's... if you don't mind."
“Stab wound on his right arm.” Sherlock pointed to a spot on his own arm. “Chemical burn on his left shoulder.” He pointed to a spot on his shoulder. “And the shape of an iron on his right thigh.” He laughed and added, “He’s rubbish at playing house.”
Sherlock tried not to move any facial muscle as he listened to his flatmate, but he couldn’t help but to interrupt. "A
John took his time to take a shower. He reached his phone as soon as he stepped out, a towel around his neck.
Suddenly, he was staring into two deep, pale eyes. At some point, Sherlock had opened his eyes and now he was staring back, his expression unchanged. They didn't share a word for a long time as they stared into each other's eyes.
he was muttering to himself over and over. The voice which usually calmed him down, the little white good-John over his right shoulder, was telling him Sherlock were his friend. Sherlock had said that only to prove a point over the phone. Yes, it was
"I'm fine." Sherlock cleared his throat and took a big gulp of air as he bended the collar of his coat up again, out of habit.
"You are going out to have dinner with me. Now." Sherlock's grin became wider. "And when I say dinner, I mean you are actually going to order something for yourself and eat all of it." John lifted his eyebrows and looked firmly at Sherlock's eyes, still with pressure over his hand and added "Doctor's orders." He released Sherlock's hand and stared straight into clear, pale eyes. Sherlock sighed, resigned and removed his hand from the doctor's.
"No. I knew you would recognise my voice." Sherlock replied taking off his moustache and the dishevelled straight hair wig, his voice lowered back to normal.
"John... apparently, Mrs. Hudson heard the shots on the wall this morning. Christine was telling her for a while now about her husband cheating on her. She only took advantage of my boredom, using it as an opportunity, so she told her to come and try again."
Some part, in the back of John's head, this was ridiculous. He felt like a character of a Disney movie, the prince staring back at his... prince, he was about to start bating his eyelashes. He wanted to laugh, he wanted to laugh at himself, but something in Sherlock's eyes didn't let him. The detective was analysing him, he was staring into his very soul and soon he found himself doing the same; he analysed the curve of Sherlock's clear pupil, the iris and the eye, the eye lashes, he saw the little marks beside the eyes, the hair line above his forehead. He lowered his gaze and observed the pores of his cheeks, of his nose.
And Donovan, irritable all day long behind them, glaring to the DI every two minutes and to the little joke John had managed to try to lighting up the ambiance
"Them?" The DI asked, she pressed a key on her laptop and loud sirens could be heard all over the place.
"I don't know dear, I just got home about half an hour ago... it's everything okay? How was the trip?"
John appeared with one cup in each hand, giggling finally subsiding, and passed one cup to Sherlock before sitting down on his chair.
Sherlock was in the process of checking stains on the said table when the ambulance arrived. John got startled where he was reading receipts on Elsie’s bedside table. They looked at each other and Sherlock made a gesture to the door. John just nodded and Sherlock made himself scarce.
"I think you will find out quite soon, when she resigns... or when she asks for relocation in the Yard." Sherlock’s expression was of little help; it was as if he was talking about the weather.
"Hello..." he said looking at the camera with a smile, "are you ready for the story? This is the story of Sir Boast-A-Lot..."
"Mycroft knew we were coming here. Since he wanted us out of the case..." Sherlock said walking and jogging a bit to Lestrade, taking his phone from his hand. "Brother, dear!" He started, his serious expression being replaced by a tight grin. Lestrade's hand was still on his ear, surprised at the action of the taller detective, "I'm just here as the consultant detective, now please, go worry yourself about a nuclear war and let me do my job? Thank you!" John giggled silently and shook his head. Lestrade frowned, his face contorted between a laugh and a cry. "Oh!" Sherlock continued, "And I'm
There were a few more texts but Sherlock couldn’t be bothered, that last one catching his attention more than the others. He stood up and walked to the bathroom. He opened the door and had to brace himself when John’s smell hit him with force. His towel was right there, on the rack by the sink.
He couldn't help but laugh shortly at that. He was pretty sure if he was being seen, he really would look like a madman.
"You comfortable there?" John dared to move his hand and touched lightly the other's arm and rested it on Sherlock's elbow, tapping lightly the bone.
John watched intensely how, after Sherlock's last word, his eyes suddenly closed and his pupils moved frantically behind the eyelids, a frown on his brows and his head gave some short and small shakes.
His hand moved back to the front of his jeans, teasing the button as his eyes closed again, his now intense panting moistening his shirt; more and he would hyperventilate. He set the button free and was about to open his flies when he heard steps on the stairs, not John – impossible – and he had left the door to the flat open, like he always did when John was not home yet. His mind supplied three situations of immediate danger and Rosie was sleeping upstairs. His feet and instinct were faster than the reasoning that it would be pretty much awkward opening the door with all of the obvious signs of being caught in the middle of a wank.
"Yours are not better." John answered with a snort. "They are just notes, Sherlock... I was planning to explain them to you now anyway."
Mycroft pulled all of his self-control together not to roll his eyes at his friend. "You should've never ordered to release that man."
Sherlock had stopped writing, but there was no new message yet. John closed his eyes. Sherlock’s nipples came into view, now. Odd. That. Because he had never touched a man’s nipples like that before. There wasn’t a big difference to a woman’s, except what was below. Sherlock had a muscular body, even more so after his return, and his chest had been… it was a pleasant chest.
Once alone in his office, Mycroft placed his head between his hands over his large desk. He needed something sweet, he was anxious. Diet forgotten, he opened one of his drawers and took a fine, expensive little chocolate wrapped in gold. The taste was bitter sweet and for some reason, it was a glimpse to the future. He knew what he had to do; he had to talk to John. At least if John was so protective with Sherlock, John
"You told us the dimensions of the painting, I observed a bulge near the window we escaped from with similar dimensions. It's in a box, well preserved, same proportions. We all know the painting disappeared at least three weeks ago. It all fits, the dates," Sherlock gestured with his hands, "the boats, Phillip Smith's sister and her disappearance, everything! Why can't you people just think!"
Still with this big smile on his face, he turned the kettle on. Not many plans for today, so he found himself enjoying the idea about being alone in the flat for a while.
“What time is Elsie coming back?” Sherlock walked closer to the window and looked outside through the curtain.
“Hm?” He hadn’t realised he had closed his eyes. He opened them to find a frowning John staring right into his eyes. Close. Too close. He blinked a couple of times.
His phone rang, the sound loud in the silence of the room. In his mind, instead of the ringtone, there was Sherlock's voice in a high pitched tone
"All right. Pass me another one." Sherlock waited for a while with a high and annoying music in the background. He was actually finding this experiment dull and a little childish. The main purpose of this whole stage was to make sure about his body's reactions to a source of stimuli.
"Hmm?" John was fighting hard against his body's urges, he wanted to kiss Sherlock, he wanted to take his face in his hands, pull it close to his own and capture those delicious lips with his. He wanted to touch the body before him and forget all the tension that had been killing him for the past week, and even before that, he silently agreed with himself. But Sherlock was right. "Yeah. We… uh… need to uh… right."
“I was going to say that you’re like a chameleon when you want to be… you can grow that moustache again. If you rather.”
Sherlock frowned a bit and, after a quick scan to the other's posture, he questioned "Was the driver talking on his phone? Was the driver drunk?"
“Let me see.” Sherlock walked two big steps and got closer to John, their cheeks nearly glued together as they both clearly saw Elsie doing something to the camera and it moved only a bit and then the image changed to a deserted front garden.
Sherlock started to shiver; his teeth chattering and his eyes fluttering trying to keep them open in the darkness. His left hand sought for support on the sink before him as he panted and trembled. His right hand was completely frozen over his crotch, he didn’t dare to move it.
Really, John Watson was about to write a whole synonymous dictionary to describe Sherlock Holmes in one of these cases' days; even if he was somewhat used to it, there were still times when Sherlock managed to drain the patience out of the good doctor.
"You can always obtain information that way." Sherlock let out a throaty chuckle and John smiled in surprise.
"Fuck, Sherlock..." he moaned out, grabbing Sherlock's hair, oh God how he loved to do that, he saw the detective's eyes roll back in his head and he couldn't stop himself. He supported his torso with one of his elbows as the other hand gently tilted Sherlock's head back, the detective nearly lost his balance, but his palms still supported him. John kissed roughly his neck, his ear, he traced the shell of it with his tongue earning an incredible sound from the detective, who started to rock his hips in a rhythmic slow but hard movement over him; still their erections trapped between their bodies. John had his eyes open; he didn't want to miss anything about the man above him, nor an expression, nor a sound.
"Yes, Greg brought them..." John saw how Mycroft lifted the device, stared at it for a while and then typed a few numbers, unlocking it. John's brows went up with surprise. Sherlock usually did the same when trying to figure out his laptop password. He saw how Mycroft browsed a couple of folders, then took his phone and sent over a couple of files by Bluetooth. He typed a few more things on the little computer and then shut it closed.
John was quiet, he didn't move, he suppressed his desire to grab Sherlock's jacket and pull him closer. He just stayed quietly, watching Sherlock bending over, moving his face to his own. He held his breath as Sherlock's face got closer, so close that it made the whole lab disappear from John's sight. It felt almost like a first kiss. Sherlock's lips lingered above his for a couple of seconds; John could feel, taste Sherlock's hot breath fall over his lips and surely Sherlock could feel his too. Their eyes met and this time, Sherlock closed his eyes first, he moved his face up and down slowly, parting John's lips with his own.
Mycroft was about to reply, but his phone went off. He excused himself and answered to the DI, there was a troubled breathing, he knew the raspy tone and what it meant.
It was late in the evening and they were walking back to Baker Street, the street was deserted at this hour and extremely cold. They'd had a few beers, and Sherlock had eaten a normal meal, for once. John was surprised at how he had had to force Sherlock to eat all of the carrots on the plate, and had even given a little scientific explanation of how those vitamins are good for your health. John also forced Sherlock to eat at least some of the beef and tomatoes because he had found that his blood was
John went to the screen and lifted an old phone. “Give me two minutes.” He turned to Sherlock who had already pulled the grey jumper down his head, “Mrs Hudson. Hip. Cannabis soother.”
John was looking at some point between the table and Sherlock and the cream bottle. His face had a very deep frown and his voice was clipped. Sherlock knew that look. He knew his friend needed to talk. It was a big effort to shut himself up considering his brain worked in a frenzy; every little gesture and noise coming from John being processed and their implications deduced.
As the realisation took his mind completely, he slowly stepped under the shower. It was way too hot for his liking, but he didn't care. He just let the water fall over his body. He didn't dare to touch himself, not even for rinsing. He felt, in a way, betrayed by his body and he was a little
, he had said) so the brightness was on minimum low and never let her use it unless he was really working and in need of peace and an ‘
"I'm worried, John..." She said, changing the subject. "If they think Sherlock is doing drugs, they can come here and run a drug's bust again, and if they find my prescription... they're for my hip...! Moreover the mess they always make... and Mrs. Turner next door, she complains every time the police come here..."
"About you. You can't sympathise with normal human emotions. There are only a couple of moments on the blog when he actually writes about them. And he always seems surprised by those."
“She cringed at the questions about business, payments and treatment of the products. Nearly imperceptible, but I know what I saw,” Sherlock sat back down and put Craig’s laptop securely over his lap. “I really need to interview you.”
“And my whole soul…” John’s reflection was getting closer to his own face, those lips next to his ear. He held his breath as he felt something akin to lava flowing up his body. He moved his hand a little faster and his hips thrust in his own fist. John’s hand was completely curled around his hip now, encouraging him to move, with his thumb almost over his bare buttock.
Soon he heard steps and saw a silhouette of a tall, thin man, long hair in a pony tail. In less than a second he was over the man, straddling him against the cold floor, the collar of the man's jacket grabbed in the detective’s hands. Sherlock demanded answers through clenched teeth, his voice reduced to a growl in a low volume. Who was he? Why was he being followed? He demanded to know about the cab and the brick from this morning... but there were no answers, the man was nothing but mute.
He aligned his head to the rest of his body and the soft curls next to him brushed his cheek, tickling a little, making him give a short snort. At the movement of his neck, he realized how his fingers were still on Sherlock's nape; the detective's face was buried between his shoulder and a cushion, an arm was poking him near the ribs and the other hand on his waist, in between the jumper and the shirt, maybe seeking for warmth since it was a cold morning.
"It’s not something to be taken lightly..." Mycroft said, closing his eyes and frowning deeply. "You and my brother... are always getting yourselves, somehow, on cases that are not your business..." John rolled his eyes at Mycroft. He knew the speech already. The man in front raised him an eyebrow. He was about to talk again when his phone went off.
"Sherlock, listen." He said quietly. "I know this is uncomfortable for you, but you need to keep warm and your body heat is very poor now. I know your mind is working fine, so relax." At that, the growls faded slowly, Sherlock's breathing was still laboured. John continued talking with a firm but soothing voice, "I'm going to wrap you in this blanket," he moved the blanket to cover his shoulders, "and we're going to keep you warm, okay?" John started to draw a circular pattern on the back of Sherlock's neck with his fingers, then he moved his hand up and stroked his scalp. His other hand moved up and down Sherlock's shoulder, trying to warm him up.
,” to Mrs Hudson, then he yawned and he was out. After dealing with the mouse, John had secretly tried to lift the table. He could do it one-handed too, but his arm had trembled under the weight.
"I assume this is significant enough for you not signing an email... but you didn't go to the flat, so it's not rushed enough either." Sherlock put his hands in his pockets as he walked into Lestrade's office.
"Come in." John supported himself on an elbow, groaning with the action, he saw the shadow of a tall figure in the door. "You okay? Did they find the pickup?"
Completely naked now he went back to the bed, pulled the covers completely from John's figure and sat. John was nearly hard has well, a bulge was evidently tenting his pyjama bottoms, muscles in his stomach were clenched and pupils moved rapidly behind closed eyelids.
"John! You are home early." Sherlock stated casually, not bothering about lifting his eyes from the screen.
“Ages,” he sighed. He gave Sherlock a few friendly claps on his back. “If I ever knew I was going to bump into you again, I would’ve asked my nephew to make the code more difficult as a challenge.” He winked at Sherlock and smiled brightly.
"So you have never thought about me that way, then?" Sherlock was talking now in a very breathy voice, John was breathing really hard, his heart about to explode.
John squeezed some of the content in his palm and continued, “Did you know that there are over 500 different species in the family of aloaceae? It’s one of the genus with the largest list of benefits.”
"Sherlock," John said, coughing silently, "if you want... when we get home I can check what's wrong with your spine. It wouldn't be surprising if we hear that ugly sound again. Especially if you were in that bloody lab all day long."
"Yep. But they make us sign a contract that contains the hour and the day of the call, explaining all the legal background of that action... it's not an easy thing to do." Armand stared intently at the detective in front; he noted his face was facing him but his eyes were looking at John.
"Hang on... Sherlock, you can only get those supplies on a hospital, with an ID, a certificate, a signature, a doctor's-"
"John...?" the voice was so small that the doctor had to come back to hear him, Lestrade also stopped on his tracks and turned to both.
He made his last effort to speak, "Why?" It was all he could manage in a throaty growl; a rather simple but confusing question.
A deep giggle echoed around the flat. Sherlock continued his reading and John gulped his tea down. The hot liquid down his throat felt splendid after the long day. Sherlock, on the other hand, drank it slowly, now consumed by the book again.
There, waiting for their food, Sherlock thought intensely about the new case. John was staring, not really wanting to disturb his thoughts. Sherlock didn't seem to mind the stare. When the food arrived, Sherlock just looked at the plate with a blank expression.
"Oh, sorry. I meant…" Sherlock put on his best surprised open-mouthed smile and John looked up at him, knowing Sherlock was waiting for him to watch. When he had his attention, the detective made every syllable slip from his lips slowly "
"Damn it, Sherlock." John grabbed a couple of books and placed them carelessly over a shelf. "All I wanted was to throw myself on the bed..." John stopped his sentence and sat at the edge of the mattress, placing his head in his hands, elbows over his knees, he gave a loud, tired sigh. He massaged his temples seeking for a caress.
Greg blinked slowly and sighed. "Under a window in a room at the second floor." He smirked and shook his head, obviously amused.
John sighed, "Some dates of the movements in the museum are consistent with the dates from the folder you saved in the memory flash."
"Coming!" He shouted. He arranged the robe around his shoulders and went downstairs in a hurry. Sherlock was nowhere to be found and Mrs. Hudson wasn't home either. The books Sherlock had taken from his room last night were neatly next to the leather chair.
Martin should be a professional about it; he did say he was used to be undercover and this must be quite common if he worked in the opiates department.
"I don't want that anymore though. I want this... I'm strong enough to be by your side, Sherlock... I can take care of you, even if you don't want me to. I can be there when you need me. I can kill for you if you want. Hell, I can even d-"
"[...]My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. I can dispense then with artificial stimulants. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation [...]"
"You can't use your-!" John shook his head as he walked inside, bending up a little. "You never change, do you..."
He felt something below his stomach and he knew his pulse had risen quite a bit. It was silly, really, but he had never thought about Sherlock in a sexual context before. He was pretty sure it wasn't normal for a male to imagine his partner – also male – in a sexual situation and get aroused by it. He had seen it
It was a sure thing Sherlock would bring up the topic any minute today. And John was nervous as hell.
Sherlock wanted to ask what was okay. Is massaging your back okay? Is your back okay? Are you okay? Is this case okay?
As his eyes progressed with the scrutiny, he noticed Sherlock was doing the same; his eyes were no longer over his eyes but somewhere between his nose and neck. None of them were moving a muscle except for their eyes. John still had this urge to smile, to get up, but the detective's gaze still held him to his chair like the most powerful glue. He stared at his nose for a moment, remembering the feeling of that bump against his cheek last night, against his neck, the noise it made when inhaling deeply and when exhaling loudly.
He walked to the kitchen and Sherlock followed. He stopped next to the counter, crossed his arms over his chest, mocking offence. “So am I being replaced, then?”
Sherlock took yet another sip from his coffee. The hot liquid in contrast with the cold air felt splendid. Again, a bitter smile crossed his face, this time for entirely different reasons
For the first time, John Watson took a pillow and punched it against the bed, he strangled it and fought with it until he was panting, throwing it to the floor, picking it up again, he straddled it and strangled it again. Sherlock's grin was plastered over it and he finally hugged it, hiding his face in it, he allowed himself to scream and to cry aloud, his own sounds had him incredibly ashamed but he could care no less about it now. He buried his face in the pillow and fell on his bed again, flat on his stomach, pillow beneath him.
"I've been properly informed that I don't have one." The tone in which Sherlock said that seemed automatic to Armand. It was a rehearsed phrase. His eyes danced along the tall man sitting on the leather chair. Somehow, Armand was hurt by the words, but he was hurt about the way Sherlock said them; even though the detective's face never changed. Armand saw a flash of sadness in those clear eyes, it was for a brief moment, but it was there. He found himself at loss of words.
isn't... stimulated by you." The detective said making a prayer position, resting his chin over his fingertips.
“Oh, you’re not talking about the case, now.” John wondered aloud. He was back to taking photos of various works in the new small room.
"I know, Mrs. Hudson..." John sighed, playing with his thumb on the handle of the mug, "I just want to know what kind of drug it was... it seemed dreadfully strong... Sherlock had it on him less than ten minutes, and you saw the results." He gestured to Sherlock's room and gave a sigh. He moved the remaining of his tea inside the cup. "I sent the patch over to Bart’s lab with Greg... hopefully Molly can determine the drug type."
"You never change." Mycroft spoke with the cup touching his lips, index finger pointing at his little brother. '
John was baffled; he was there, in Buckingham Palace, talking about sex with... Mycroft Holmes. Well, not actually
They sat in the usual comfortable silence now. Sherlock still had a few papers in his hand and was eyeing at them, checking for more data. Even though he knew they already analyzed everything there and in the Internet. They had to wait until tomorrow anyways.
He spotted Sherlock then, who was watching him from the other side of the room with a tiny smile on his lips. Why was he writing this? Why was Sherlock so hard to understand… and the worst of all, why was it so frustrating? John thought he could play the game of deduction too; he had learned a lot from Sherlock, so why not to use it on the man himself?
“I’m sure you did.” The silence that followed was charged; their eyes trained on the face of the other. “The effect,” Sherlock said after some seconds, clearing his throat and turning to his laptop again, “might last a few more hours; we climaxed this morning therefore shouldn’t be an issue tomorrow. I sent the coat and the rest – your jumper included – to the drycleaners around the corner, even if the chemical must be completely diluted by now.”
She was obviously affected. She had tissues with her and her eyes were rimmed with red. As they talked every now and then a tear would escape her eye. She was trying very hard not to collapse. John felt awfully sorry for her.
When he opened his eyes again, he observed down to his own body. And made a quick check up: his pulse was elevated, his breathing was laboured, his member was semi erected and his skin was flushed.
"Oh the lotion!" John laughed, trying to sound indifferent. "Mrs. Hudson gave it to Sherlock when he needed uh... something for his experiment."
John Watson came hard, hissing through his teeth, grabbing the sheets beneath him. His hips were thrusting into his hand and the cool air. His release was all over his stomach and chest... and he realised he didn't care anymore.
To prove his point he grabbed John’s smaller hand in his and squeezed. John’s hand slid in between longer fingers, the sound of the oil between their hands seemed loud in the soundproofed room and Sherlock’s heart gave a serious misstep at this.
He received two texts from Chloe letting him know about Elsie’s reaction to Wilson and how happy she was – ‘
Sherlock lifted his hand slowly, shaking all the more noticeable but he didn’t stop. He remained in his chair and grabbed John’s forearm, his thumb unconsciously rubbing a soothing pattern on John’s jumper. All of his being was screaming to comfort the man in front.
Even thought he was sure of his now oh-so-known sensation inside his body, the things his mind had come up with were a bit frightening. He knew about sex. He and John had gotten off together, and he tried to avoid his mind going to different scenarios. The chemical process in his body had been proved to be strong enough to bring him out of his mind palace. And - here is what he was frightened about – he didn't... mind.
and he loved it. With each syllable, the corner of his lip would lift or fall, only one corner at the time and rarely both. The baritone voice had a lot of variations and he knew them all. The tendons and little muscles in his neck moved along his jaw's movements. His cheekbones seemed more prominent than usual under the artificial light hanging from the ceiling.
, as they called Sherlock, could be in any way better than them... or all of them together for that matter. He moved his jaw in an indecisive gesture, he watched as Sherlock talked to John and for some reason, they were laughing; John bent over a little with one of his fists over his lips, he saw how Sherlock turned his face to the doctor and there was a big grin over his face. He seemed carefree, maybe too carefree for a man who had so many people against him. Maybe they were all rowing to the same destination; Sherlock and John, Mycroft as the face of the government, and himself as the face of the Yard, but it was not easy if at some point of the way, all of the oars were trying to prove themselves which one was faster and more effective. As he kept on thinking, his gaze fell on some point behind Sally's head, her voice bringing him back "Sir." she repeated. The DI shook his head quickly before fixing his eyes on hers.
At the same time John came out from the shower with a towel around his neck, a robe and messy hair. He saw how Armand had Sherlock's hand in his. John lifted an eyebrow at them and coughed lightly.
John thought about the answer for a moment, never lifting his gaze. He wanted to do a lot of things, but he didn't dare to. He wanted to keep on touching Sherlock. He wanted to be touched back, too.
There was silence on the other side of the line and the car came to a stop next to a bunch of bushes. The silence was only broken by the wind moving the bushes around. Sherlock looked at his phone comically, thinking he had just disconnected.
As soon as Sherlock had arrived at the spa, Miss Eldridge had smiled brightly, telling him Abby Slaney had wanted to contact him because of the software development application. She had been interested in updating it for a while but hadn’t had the time to find a software developer in London. So he had been given her phone and the task to contact her in the evening. He was meant to call at seven, so he still had two hours to get the massage and grab a cab to Craig’s place.
The detective had closed his eyes and his breathing was steady and calm. John deduced that Sherlock had gone far away deep into his mind. So he took one of the books that had him absorbed last night and continued his reading. He expected that the action kept his mind out of the memories, now threatening to stimulate him more than needed.
“Okay, all set. There are several new products today,” John said as he opened a bottle, wrote something on the label of the slide, opened it, took a small amount of product and closed it. All with great efficiency. Sherlock observed the process with a smile.
"Right, yes. I have nothing planned for tomorrow. So I can go around doing everything you want me to."
They looked at each other when they heard the noise of the door opening downstairs. John took his gun and moved to stand next to the door. Sherlock walked to the other side and they nodded to each other.
In 221B, Sherlock sat on the sofa in the dark living room. The place was only lit by the white screen of his laptop placed over the coffee table in front of him, and the faint light from outside.
“Hm. Wise. Nothing good would -” Sherlock stopped talking when John moved his fingers to his throat, pressing here and there.
And last night, talking about humanising, he slept thinking about John's hands. He recalled the calloused and rough sensation, John's hands seemed always warmer than his body. And also the feeling of gentle, warm and strong hands. Doctor's hands. Caring hands, loving hands... and teaser-like-hell hands. In his mind, the events of last night repeated over and over; the ghosting of the fingertips over his nape and shoulders. The fingers moving along his neck, then to his chin... the brushing of a thumb along his lower lip.
And suddenly, with a very professional move, John grabbed one of Sherlock's wrists and placed his other palm at the middle of the pale shoulder blades. He pulled the wrist back, hard. A deep, loud cry resonated in the flat and soon after that Mrs. Hudson was nearly running up the stairs and opening the door of 221B.
"Sherlock! We need to get out of here, fast. John will join us, I'm sure. We have the evidence we came for!"
he wrote again. He mostly found BDSM sites. John’s eyebrows shot up to his hairline on their own volition.
The detective let out an incredible sound, like a loud groan, an octave lower than his usual voice. The sound made John's hands frozen right there, waking him up from an extraordinary trance. He took a hold on Sherlock's fast breathing, his back trembling with each gulp of air. Tentatively, he made more pressure there using his thumbs, and there was a softer moan, similar to the first, but not as intense. Sherlock fisted the sheets beneath him tightly.
John was fascinated. Sherlock's skin was firm, but soft. There were little, well formed muscles all over his back. Every time he touched certain spots, Sherlock's muscles would tense and relax rapidly.
There was a thud as his phone rolled on the carpet below his desk. He cursed and crouched to retrieve it. There was a new message.
“Distract him for me, would you?” she whispered, secretive. “I’m going to try to convince the other one to lower the price. It’s a good offer but it can always be better. Also, you can make sure the tall one gets into the paid VIP section.” Her smile was sure and full of mirth as she disappeared into the hall. Craig jogged to catch up with her.
He made a fuss and fell near John's armchair, dishevelling some papers there. By the corner of his eye he saw Mrs. Hudson leaving with a shrug directed at him. Good.
"Can't you see it, John?" Sherlock planted the notepad right in front of John's nose, but all he could see were numbers.
"Ahh... shit!" Sherlock felt a little pull at his hair. He smiled at that. Apparently, John cursed in this kind of situations.
"You have to." John told him a firm tone, making Sherlock's head snap up and look at him, "now... here. Let's stand up..." he added taking Sherlock's hand. Slowly but laboriously, they stood up. Sherlock fell back quickly on the edge of the bed with a bump. John stood in front of him and looked down at the pale eyes. Sherlock looked up, his lips were closed and his face looked as if he was about to cry.
He went to the bathroom and washed his face, hands and stomach (and chest, that had been definitely intense) and walked around the pile of clothes in his room to grab his phone. He was consciously avoiding to think about the night before.
Spending time with him, as a friend and not as a romantic interest, had made her get to know the doctor much more. And she had admitted to herself that her feelings for him were growing. But Sherlock's presence between them was much bigger.
The room was filled now with heavy breathing and muffled moans, both of their sounds combined; perhaps the only way to tell the difference between them was the pitch; John's voice was fairly more high pitched than usual and Sherlock's, as usual, was a mixture.
“No. No… I don’t know. Abby usually comes here with…” Suddenly Elsie’s face lost all colour and she freed herself from Sherlock’s grip and started to run upstairs, “Chloe? Chloe!”
At the same time, Armand walked to the kitchen, probably to pour tea in the cups, John saw this by the corner of his eye, "Oh, I should warn you, Armand, to check the contents of the-"
"Found it!" Sherlock yelled, making them both face at him. He held a little bottle of lotion between his shaky fingers. Only half of the bottle remained. John recognized it as the bottle of lotion given to him by Mrs. Hudson when she had the confusion. "John! I won't be loud-"
He panicked a bit when noticing the wet spot in the centre. At least that was the only reason he could find to explain his body shaking, his teeth clashing and his knees about to give way.
couldn't explain it. It was not an insignificant matter, that inside his mind palace, he had a room secluded for certain people. People who had helped him... people that could be trusted. There were Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, Molly, Stamford, and now there was a little shelf with a label that prayed 'Armand Smith' and his respective data. John wasn't there; John had his own big room. Sometimes Sherlock wished he could just bring himself to tell him that, just to ease the distress in John's eyes, the insecurity they now held.
, as Sherlock called his two years disappearance in his mind. But after Mary, things were a bit tenser. This wasn’t simple chemistry anymore, and apparently, they both understood that. This wasn’t just a whim, and couldn’t be brushed off as some simple
If there had been other circumstances, the DI would have teased them. But, some time ago, he realized the depth of the bond the two men shared.
he thought. Mycroft's voice made him look up at him again. "Armand convinced his friend to declare because he knows he can't be blamed. The kid might have not followed his father's steps, but he grew up between laws, he knows them as well as the palm of his hand."
“No, neither did I…” Sherlock took a breath, looked at the screen with the countdown, and added, “Thirty-five minutes left.”
Safe territory, Rosie. And a warning as something light and good humoured. Because what else could he text, right now?
“It really doesn’t; Toby needs surgery because a tumour was found in his stomach. The surgery is expensive and I was informed Craig was looking for a loan when this case popped up.” Sherlock’s screen lit up again with a message from Mycroft at the same time John’s phone vibrated; the message showed a fast asleep Rosie and both men smiled at their screen. John’s eyes searched for Sherlock’s expression and his smile grew wider. “I asked for his assistance since he happened to have the skill set I needed to get into their camera network. He played his cards well; he helped to decode the names of the camera, made a small demo of a software Abby needed. She liked it, so she transferred some money this afternoon to his account covering 30 per cent of a software that might or
Sherlock remembered the aloe leaf. “He would have to be an idiot if he ever chose to ignore the power of nature.” He smiled. “So many powerful poisons in a flower or a simple cactus.” He stopped and frowned, just now realising what she had said. “When you say considering… considering what, exactly?”
John, still dazed of his orgasm, kissed Sherlock's jaw, neck, ears and his hands moved to Sherlock's hips, making him increase his pressure and speed. He was sore, the spot between his thighs and buttocks hurt like hell but he didn't care. Of course he felt that after his orgasm, suddenly conscious that he was extremely sore all over, including down there where Sherlock continued moving his finger in and out.
Sherlock slicked back his hair (amazing how a little touch to the hair could change the face so drastically), non-optical black-rimmed glasses, the comfortable, posh clothes were easy: thick black jeans, tight burgundy shirt, grey V-neck jumper (a sleeveless white vest below all that, just in case) and he was another person in front of the mirror.
Days passed, the funeral passed and each time Sherlock observed John from afar his heart, the heart he thought he didn't have, hurt a bit more. He believed in John. He believed in what they had built together and he knew that the game in which Moriarty had made a check mate was a fake one. The white king had fallen, yes, but the same king was there again to restore the pieces back into the board to start a new game, white against black and this time he knew, he was certain, black pieces were going to be hunted down by an invisible white king and queen, by invisible bishops and rooks, a net he had managed to build. His own chess board.
Sherlock got up with a jump and arranged his scarf and coat quickly. John was with a very confused expression looking at him.
Sherlock’s mind started to work, not really caring about the cold in his room. He stared at the phone and moved it several times, remembering the digits, the 0’s, the symbols that he had a glimpse of, before.
He stood up and turned to look at Sherlock; the blanket covered all the way to the middle of his chest and he found himself looking at a little mark he had on his neck, near to his collarbone. He smiled wide and blinked a couple of times. Why was that little fact so incredibly sexy and arousing? He thought about the nail marks he was sure he left on Sherlock's back and buttocks and his grin widened even more. '
– shade of silver-gold of his hair. He was using the cheap shampoo again, the one that smelled like almonds. Sherlock had to fight the urge of clearing his throat.
Being in Afghanistan, he always thought about getting back to London. He didn't want to die there. He wanted to settle down. Inside his most lovely fantasies, he had a wife, she would have long hair and a good temper, they would have kids. They would turn a comfortable house into a home. They would love each other and their kids. They would grow old together and he would watch his kids growing, maybe one of them would like to share the soldier career, he would be proud of them. Then, he would die old and gray in the peace of his home. Sweet dreams those were.
"Amanda Green" she said, shaking hands with the doctor and smiling gently. "So…" she added eyeing Sherlock, who now had the folder in his hands and was explaining something to Lestrade, "… is he your partner?"
"Any news about the case?" Molly ventured to ask, making Sherlock look up and stopping his mumbling at the notes.
Sherlock tapped his toes over the rug with a rapid movement. He was getting anxious, it was normal for him to do so when about to start a new experiment. But aside from the known adrenaline, he felt nothing to compare to his sexual arousal's data. He decided to wait and take it to the end.
John found himself looking at the floor for a long time, pursing his lips to a side. Words that failed to cross the passage of his mouth, forming a knot in his throat. He lifted his eyes to look at Sherlock, his eyes felt heavy and his neck was hurting, his back was a hell and a whole different problem, but he didn't care.
Even so, John knew there was something else there. He could sense that Mycroft knew something nor he or Sherlock did. He thought then about Moriarty. Somehow, the idea of Mycroft being conspired with Moriarty gave him the creeps.
But he was also sobering. He thought about the aphrodisiacs and cursed internally. If he kissed Sherlock now there was no coming back. A kiss was a seal and, going by Sherlock’s solemn face, he knew Sherlock felt it that way, too. He felt a thrill of panic and adrenaline so strong his torso gave a little shudder and Sherlock, observant as he was, noticed. The hand on John’s neck jerked away abruptly and the hand on the lower back moved to the safer territory of John’s shoulder.
Sherlock let out a throaty giggle looking at the screen. John frowned and pressed F5 to see what had Sherlock so amused. He saw the comment and typed down an answer with a little giggle of his own.
Sherlock giggled. His palms were a bit sweaty by now and his back felt like jelly. He was relaxed but oddly nervous at the same time.
“Oh, boys!” Abby returned with green tea oil and other supplies in a basket and handed them to John. “You’re making me blush, here,” She turned to John. “Are you on schedule?”
"He can't get the last codes... he's waiting for Lestrade but he has no answer yet... don't worry, he'll be fine."
"What do you want to know?" Sherlock took his fork as well and started to eat slowly. He took every piece of the plate carefully, separating the vegetables almost by colours and categories. John peeped and smiled, he always found that incredibly amusing... and childish.
“Sherlock,” John croaked, clearly affected for what had just transpired. Sherlock turned around. He hadn’t put on the dressing gown again and his expression was blank. John soldiered on, “I’ll do my best,” he said, standing up and walking over to Sherlock. He cleared his throat and looked Sherlock directly into the eyes. “Even if I have to massage you for months with the scar-remover, I’ll… I’ll do my best.”
"Hm..." he hummed, "no, no cases Sherlock, the only one still hanging is the one from last week, remember? The one about a bloody painting... did you check your website?"
"You won't find any." Sherlock said, serious. John glared with a hint of humour, but smiled genuinely when he heard Sherlock whispering "I don't do that anymore".
And John did, his hand still over Sherlock’s panting mouth, face against his neck, licking the sweat he found, fingers finding Sherlock’s tongue and just realising Sherlock had moved his face to catch his fingers inside his mouth. He closed his eyes and felt Sherlock’s still hard penis against his belly and how Sherlock’s knees were bent and hips angled to feel his hardness closer to his… the mere thought of it made him see stars. He came so hard his own knees were about to give way if not for Sherlock’s hand keeping him in place.
, he was. Then he watched some girls that, apparently, were flirting with the guys across their table. Three of the four men were married and they were flirting anyway. Two of the five girls were married as well. He observed them too. He observed the generous amount of skin they were exposing, one of the women even wore a transparent shirt, brassiere visible. That awoke
, if you know what I mean..." at this point, John couldn't decide if laughing, crying out loud, or just to knock out the younger detective next to him, who was now reaching to grab his hand. But he also knew Sherlock had his motives, so he just kept on with this dreamy grin on his face. "So I don't want there to be a chance of..."
“Hm? You okay?” John asked with his hand mid-air, trying not to lose the oil in his palm. He looked at Sherlock who turned a little to face him.
bit is usually right at the bottom in a very small font. Also, when I went over to get the products for this session, Abby, she…”
"Does this have to do with Moriarty?" John asked the question. He had done it and he could hardly believe he had the nerves for it.
"I can do that, too" Sherlock startled a little when he felt Armand kissing lightly his earlobe, he felt then a light nibbling, "I seriously think you're brilliant. Every case I read on the blog exposes your intelligence and your analytical power. Your mind... must be... a fortress, full of information, a computer that never shuts..." the hot breath of the younger man was tickling his ear.
"Okay." She said finally, placing both hands on the desk in front of him, a somewhat submissive gesture, "what do you want us to do?"
"Greg! Thank God!" John exclaimed, Sherlock was surprisingly heavy, so now the doctor had a little trouble breathing. "Help me out here, would yah..." John groaned trying to sit up. Sherlock tried to bring himself over his feet again but he fell back on John's stomach, making the older man gasp with the blow thrown directly over his lower torso.
A knock on his door alerted him and pulled him out of his thoughts. He walked to the door and looked through the peep hole. A tall man like himself, dressed in jeans and a black shirt, long hair and moustache was knocking the door. It was the first time he saw him and he immediately distrusted.
"You were with Mycroft this morning, so I assume you already know everything there's to know." Sherlock's intense gaze was over John's face, he placed his palms together and supported his chin on his fingertips.
.” Lestrade was completely out of breath, walking, about to cross the street. On foot. He was wearing trainers. “
"Plant based chemicals..." John corrected "today at the hospital, I had to sign a list for a new supplies arrival..." John got up and took a paper from his jacket's pocket and passed it to Sherlock "Yes! Here it is... I saved a copy just in case, 'cause I wanted to research the prices. They were so cheap it was suspicious."
"No- Yes. I don't know. John... John, I am afraid of my boredom, I am terrified of my mind. I can't consider another way of living, I
John knew why Mycroft wanted to talk with Sherlock. Even he had thought the withdrawal from the case had been way too easy; Sherlock never gave up a case so easily. All it was needed was a petition from Lestrade and he had complied right away. The doctor knew, even when thinking about that would do him no good, but knowing Sherlock was now talking with his brother pained him to no extents. He felt the need to protect the younger man, even in the case with Irene, even when it was tearing him inside, he had told Sherlock that she was alive and under a witness protection program, just not to see him suffer. That time, little red John had told him to say that, meanwhile little white John had told him to tell him the truth; Sherlock is a grown up man, he
"This case..." he said, pointing his index finger to the table, "has the potential of exposing a whole new group of drug dealers. It may even be an international case. If we fail this, we might have nothing at the end to proceed with. You already exposed one of my men to the police. He's on prison now and they are asking questions. I have people working on the matter before he really talks."
John didn’t make a sound; his hands continued the massage, this time with pressure over the muscles. Sherlock couldn’t help a small groan. John did it again and this time Sherlock huffed through his nose. He was obviously affected but John, again, didn’t seem to mind.
John remembered the mess there, "Wait! Sherl-" but it was too late. Sherlock fell over his butt as an avalanche of clothes fell over him. The heavy wool blanket fell somewhere at his thighs and that was actually the thing that made him fall.
“Do you really want to know?” Sherlock asked, his voice was flirtatious, but his trembling hands and shaky breaths were giving away his nervousness.
They walked through a neat kitchen, old in style, painted in pink and purple colours, some plants here and there. They passed a corridor with a high and old fashioned ceiling, yet everything was clean and arranged like in an interior design magazine, some lamps hanging low in some corners.
“Haha, yes. I see that. You don’t like not knowing from the start, I get it.” John found a piece of paper. “Sherlock,” he said, taking the paper and a photograph, green and red came into view. “Come here and look at this.” Sherlock did. “Is that…?”
"You didn't have to do that." He started, tilting his head a little to John. People around them continued to do whatever they were doing before. They had captured a lot of unwanted attention after all.
So, Sherlock's final conclusion was this: of course he shouldn't want to be touched by John, least of all receive a massage. It was too dangerous for them. For him. How would he react to John’s oily hands slowly tracing his back, counting his scars, discovering the one at his right buttock and trying to find where it ended, purely out of curiosity and – dare he think – friendly concern? How would John react if he knew that this particular scar would lead him to find two more at the back of his thighs? How would Sherlock react to John asking how he had gotten them all? What if John wanted to learn how he had survived? What could Sherlock say? “
very distracted. What did Abby want?” Sherlock reached for John’s nape with his left hand, holding him in place. John made a little noise that felt like a warning to Sherlock, so he lifted his hand a bit; enough to fool the cameras but not really touching John.
"Oh come on John!" Sherlock was typing away again. "You really haven't noticed how he gets here? He’s been coming about half an hour later this week, probably because he's going to the port every day to check if the prices went down…" Sherlock pressed a key loudly, sending the comment. John panicked.
"Sherlock…" John lifted one of his hands and positioned it on Sherlock's cheek. John was astonished at how the gesture felt so natural, but he didn't care anymore. They couldn't be seen right now and even if they were, he could care less. "I can take care of myself, you don't have to worry about me, okay?"
Craig loaded the wireframe they were going to show Abby and then opened another window with a chess board. His hands were shaking and Sherlock felt a small pang of sympathy for the poor bloke.
"John" he called on a normal voice and was pleased to know he had arrived into a moment of REM. That gave him around 5 minutes.
"What? No, of course not. I'm just saying..." John turned to face Sherlock, trying to ignore the knot in his stomach, "that Armand would have been useful. He knows the facilities and the people working there. That's all. No second meanings."
"You're so... tight..." John whispered as he took a gulp of air now moving his cock out, Sherlock hissed as John pushed inside gently but firmly at the same time, encouraged by Sherlock's pressure against his hips. "God, Sherlock... Oh my God..."
He closed his eyes briefly and inhaled deeply again, the corners of his mouth draw down, the scarf up to his nose.
"Yeah." John was still with his gaze on the road, they were actually closer to a place outside London; in the distance there was a building, and near that, an almost dried canal.
Shaking his head with a wide smile, John walked to Sherlock and took his hand that supported him on the wall. Sherlock seemed glued to it.
"Oh but he is." Mycroft took a sip from his coffee and continued, "You know he ruined the plan we had for the missile involving Irene Adler and James Moriarty. It took only a minute, even less, for him to spoil the whole plan we had arranged in months!" his voice had risen a bit and he lowered it down again. "He loves to show off, he could – and he would – do anything to prove how clever he is." John felt that last sentence as a kick in his stomach. He had teased Sherlock more than once with that very same phrase. Then he would add because he was stupid enough for that.
John was alone in the clinic's cafeteria having only a sandwich for lunch. He was in a hurry; there had been a multiple-vehicle collision and the emergency room was crowded. He had been receiving texts from Sherlock all morning, so he decided to leave his phone on silence mode. Now sitting there, he could finally read all of the missing texts he'd got since twelve o'clock.
"I thought they were journalists again. What is he up to now?" Mrs. Hudson asked surprised, pointing a thumb over her shoulder in Sherlock's direction.
What about his own physical reaction, then? What about the hard-on he had sported and successfully ignored the last half of the session? What did it say about himself? He was a grown man, he could ignore an erection! It’s not as if he had never considered… and maybe five years ago, before Sherlock disappeared, he would have… even though he had never thought about Sherlock as something more than…
With a loud sigh, he dragged the bathrobe over his shoulders, making a loosed knot over his middle, grabbed a towel and proceeded to scrub his hair roughly.
“Indeed.” John paraphrased Sherlock and they both looked softly at each other. Sherlock, smile still in place eyed him one last time before taking a gulp of air and moving on to the next room.
“Anything you do say may be given in evidence,” Martin finished. Sidney was being handcuffed. “Do you understand what I’m saying?”
John let out a little sigh. "You were making sure...!" he shook his head again. "You're unbelievable, you know that."
When he had realized that fact this morning, after a lot of deep thoughts, and many rounds inside his palace, when all of the pieces finally fitted... Sherlock felt a stab right through his soul. There was no use for making the Queen – Mycroft – to fall, since the Queen alone never includes the jack mate. It was a privilege only meant for the king. He remembered the time when they were in Buckingham Palace; he said Mycroft was, apparently, the queen. He had disguised it as a joke, but his mind had come quickly to that because he always had seen things that way. Mycroft, being such a big part of the government, was finally what he represented, the very heart of the British nation: The Queen.
"John..." the detective breathed in John's ear, rocking his hips, their erections painfully trapped under both of their jeans. "John... I uh..."
"Sherlock...?" John's fingernail, despite being really short, managed to get deep into Sherlock's skin. The detective startled lightly. John heard a short
Phillip smiled and dialled. He waited patiently and he only said, not even greeting. "Sebastian, show is about to begin. Take care of the cars."
to dedicate a couple of seconds to think about John, about the way his body felt pressed against him.
A loud ring echoed through the flat and John had a mental image of a knife cutting his eardrums. The harmonics of the sound against the wall resonated inside his head, and it hurt. He tried to shut it with a pillow, but the ring echoed again and it served him as a spring to get out of bed.
After a last glance at the curled up detective, John stood up and walked to him, standing right next to the chair. Sherlock looked up, blinking a couple of times and nearly dropping his cup at the doctor's closeness.
“Wilson is an old man under Martin’s custody now. He’s a friend of Elsie's family and former captain of the New York Police Bureau. He’s tried - and succeeded - in becoming the provider of his nephew’s enemy without giving away his identity.” He smirked at John’s questioning look. “You know what they say: Keep your friends close but your enemies closer...” John opened his mouth to say something but Lestrade was faster on the speaker.
John's emotions flowed out, he groaned in the kiss, took Sherlock's face in his hands and separated them, looking right into the pales eyes, they opened slowly, immediately fixing in his.
John blinked deliberately slowly as he contemplated his friend’s face. Sherlock’s jaw worked, notoriously clenching, then he opened his mouth a little and his lips separating sounded like a kiss, loud in the silence of the kitchen. He drew a bit of air and was about to say something when John interrupted, his voice hushed.
Hello! Chapter 3 here! I hope you enjoy this as much as I enjoy writing it. Thank you for your kudos and comments. I really appreciate the support.
"That face... the face that clearly says 'I'm so bloody apprehensive with my feelings right now, but I have to keep being cool' face."
John kept brushing his fingertips over his back; they ran to the sides of his torso. He moved them below the armpits and trailed down. He could feel how Sherlock's muscles really tensed at that, his goose bumps making the little hairs on his nape stand up, as well as the hairs on his arms. John went lower until he reached the sided of his waist, almost touching the hip bone. There, he applied pressure with his fingers and rubbed the small of his back with his thumbs, one hand each side of Sherlock's waist. He made a lot of pressure there with only one movement.
"John! Look at the screen! Look at the dates! One of them is tomorrow." Sherlock tried to grab a pencil and John rolled his eyes. He knew this was an urgent matter judging by the dates in the file, even if he didn't know what they meant.
and not looking over the internet. Even waking him up at this ridiculous hour. Deep inside, John got mad... but he got mad because he wasn't actually mad.
As he kept on remembering, he noticed he was blushing, his skin felt on fire. He sat on the bed and looked down at himself, he was aroused again.
"Oh for God's sake..." Sherlock sighed, throwing his head back on the armrest of the sofa; the doctor followed his every move. Sherlock was still with his blazer on, but it was opened and now it hung from his sides, a deep blue shirt under that. As always, he had a couple of buttons loosed at the neck, the scarf was over a chair near the kitchen. He had taken off his shoes and socks, and his long feet were now supporting themselves on the doctor's lap.
At the comment, Sherlock sat straight and hissed at the pain as the abrupt movement made alcohol get into the wound. He stared at John and sighed.
“I wouldn’t miss you for the world,” Sherlock answered and, even in the middle of a stunt, it was a very honest answer anyway. Because the
John turned completely to face Sherlock and the other man lifted his eyes finally. They both locked their gazes. There was no readable expression on neither of them. The moment wasn't long, but wasn't normally short either. John felt a little burning in his chest.
are taking the piss." John shook his head and blinked slowly. Sherlock didn't say a word but just kept on staring at him. That stare always succeeded in making him a little nervous, he knew he was being scanned and read. So he betted for his best resource to make Sherlock think about other things, just because it would irritate him: food.
“I thought about suing, but I needed 70 decibels or more to do so,” Sherlock explained, his face mock-serious.
"And what diffrn uh..." Sherlock cleared his throat, "What difference does it make whether it was me on the phone or not?" as long as he said the last word he noted that there was something wrong. The same thing had happened with Irene, his tongue had
"Yeah you do. Now talk!" Sherlock growled out. John heard a loud shout coming from the man. He turned his face to look at Sherlock, he saw how he had the arm in an almost impossible position; the man’s fingers were almost touching his own nape.
"Yes... but still John, we were really very young." Sherlock took a hold of the notebook in his lap and pressed a lot of keys in the process, the blog reloaded.
"Why are you asking me all of this? Why do you care?" Sherlock changed positions so he could see John now, but he was still lazily sprawled on the sofa, papers still in hand "You're asking me that since the first day we're living together..."
“Good. Put them in the pocket at the back of my jeans. I can’t stand up since the colours would stand out if the random photo goes off.” Sherlock’s usual smug grin was back. A soft bell sounded from the computer near the door and they both turned to look at it.
. He felt the name empty, he couldn't actually explain it, so he discarded the thought almost immediately.
John shook his head and turned on the hot water in the shower, his body was over sensitive. The water around him was almost aphrodisiac as well as his soaped hands; he moved them around his torso and he wasn't surprised how his mind had only Sherlock's images once again.
"That's awful, dear..." Mrs. Hudson was still concerned, John sipped his tea. Without Sherlock there, it all seemed so quiet and peaceful... awfully silent. "It really worried me, you know. Last time something like this happened, he wasn't so lost like now."
“Lay. Face down.” John sounded professional, detached. The warmth he radiated the night before was almost completely gone.
"I said... nothing. You were talking to John..." Molly glanced around the lab. "Isn't he on a trip to the Netherlands?"
Yes. It was not the time to give up, it was just the time to resolve the mystery, to fulfil his friend's favour and for that, he just had to keep on unravelling Sherlock.
"I want to touch you, John." John's head tipped up and his eyes locked with Sherlock's bright eyes. He felt how his soul left his body at that voice, "I want you to touch me," Sherlock continued, brushing John's hand with his knuckle, gently. "Do you want me to touch you, John? Do you... want to touch me?"
As he looked at John sleeping he felt alone. It was better this way, he knew. Alone would be protecting him from now on. There were endless possibilities from now on, once he encountered James Moriarty. And sadly, alone is what would protect John Watson as well.
. He was sitting on it, his face was a bit of a blur, but he could see a silly expression on his face. He ignored it. There were the slides on the stretcher behind him and made a mental note to bring more today just in case, different colours for each.
, but his mind was powerful enough to make him come without touching, it seemed. Unconsciously, John started to stroke himself over his jeans as he observed the sleeping figure before him. No, he couldn't do this. He withdrew his hand and just remained there, frustrated, not knowing what else to do. He loved Sherlock, no doubt about it. But still, despite all the awkward situations, even if other people noticed the constant sexual tension between them, he still considered Sherlock his best and only friend. He didn't know for certain about Sherlock, but he felt, deep inside, the detective actually cared about him. All of this only proved him right.
“Yes.” Sherlock got up from his desk and took a few things from the kitchen. He tossed an envelope in John’s lap and came back with enhanced photos of several fingerprints, a few papers with chemical notes on them and another envelope. Right on cue, the doorbell rang and Sherlock sprinted to open the door downstairs, his dressing gown dramatically flapping behind him.
“It’s closer to five hundred and fifty.” Sherlock turned his head to look at John and faked offence. “You took your time because you were reading Wikipedia?”
As soon as the sentence left her mouth, there was a deafening noise of cutlery falling on the table and Sherlock’s barely audible intake of air. When John lifted his head, he noticed that Rosie had spoken while looking at Sherlock. Sherlock’s wide eyes were directed at Rosie.
"A warning!" There was a pause and it seemed the entire world was quiet after the slam over the desk and Sherlock's voice. It had been calmed but it held a little resonance to it that made Mycroft keep still for several seconds. He couldn't move and Sherlock liked the little power that word had over his brother. It only proved Mycroft knew more.
John sighed and threw his head back at the chair, he was exasperated. His hair was wet, he needed a shower and a hot tea... and he really wasn't following this overly dramatic detective.
"Hiding at plain sight, I have to leave without being suspicious, so I am going through the front door. Louis is driving the fake ambulance now and..." Sherlock stopped talking, swallowing a lump in his throat as he heard John talking outside. '
Sherlock just looked at John, stopping his chewing. Searching for an expression, anything. When John's face remained expressionless, he asked "What did you answer?"
At first, he thought it was bit odd that John tried to find a sexual partner, but then he found it kind of obvious. John had a concept similar to his, as he had noticed, but he also listened to his body’s needs, like everyone else. Sherlock paid attention to his mind's needs. If an action couldn't stimulate the mind, what was the point of the action itself?
"Sherlock." John turned to look at him and Sherlock tilted his head even further, his ear almost over John's shoulder. "If we continue this, people will talk, you know." The detective moved his eyes to John and smirked with a light frown. John's lips curved into a small smile. They were really close now. "You know, you and me, in the dark, talking into each other's ears..."
“Okay, I know better than trying  to...” There was a sigh on the other side of the phone. “Ah yes! Miller reported that he’s taking you to Ridling Thorpe now. Why?”
“Well… not in those terms, but yes.” Sherlock looked back down at the slide and added, “I declined, obviously.”
Sherlock rose on his feet and paced to the shelf to arrange the books John had put there minutes ago. John followed the movements of the younger detective. He saw how the robe waved behind him at his fast moves, large hands and strong arms taking large piles of books, not before ordering them alphabetically... Sherlock was oblivious to chores, but the few times he had to, he would do it meticulously; he arranged his clothes by colour or use, he would sort his books following the pattern: topic, author and alphabet.
"I recognized your voice... you are my father's friend: Mycroft Holmes." Armand said tilting his chin up, defiantly. "I've heard about your job for the government. But sadly, Mr. Holmes, I have no interest in my share of the family legacy."
It had been hell to find a cab that would take them to the address Lestrade had provided earlier. Sherlock had to pull strings around the homeless network. John heard Sherlock having a very strange conversation over the phone. It seemed that there was no available cab to go there. After the call, an old man arrived to their flat to take them.
“Or testing the products, yeah. We were told the oils are Eldridge’s family business. They own a farm and all of the products are handmade. Over thirty different ones.” John turned to pick a small bottle which featured a blue almond sticker.
. Sherlock was noticing that the little experiment with the hot line a few weeks ago and the case were hardly related. He tried to calm himself, he had to stop thinking about such a trivial and pointless thing. The detective joined the dots very soon.
The way it was said was a painfully, throaty moan. That single word echoed the room and into his stomach, going dangerously down his belly.
Sherlock had had an exhausting week as well. He hadn't slept in three days. At this point, John was actually considering using some sleeping pills so the man would get some rest, and hopefully in his bedroom this time. He hadn't been prepared emotionally for… anything, really. With what happened with their case last week, the Hound, as they called it, he had not been prepared. He had never seen Sherlock emotionally shaken like that and didn't want to see it ever again. John closed his eyes and remembered what had happened; this last week had been crazy when they got back from Dartmoor, he didn't have the time to think, let alone post on his blog. He was glad his blog had the option to post out of date, that way he could keep things in order.
After more minutes that seemed hours, he heard some steps at the stairs... finally. His face lost all colour and the knot in his stomach became tighter. Clearing his throat, he poured hot water in both mugs. The shaking hand doing that simple action only served to prove how really nervous he was.
“I helped Wilson to put Hudson and Patrick behind bars. Both were condemned to a death sentence. Mrs Patrick died of a heart attack when she was 38. Her daughter Elsie was around 17. She started to study due to a benefit but then her father’s past caught up with her… long story short, her father left debts, very dirty business with mafia.”
. After all, it was no minor thing to have masturbated thinking about his friend, his colleague... whom happened to be male.
"Sorry..." John heard a snort, "I had this bloody nightmare and I called you before I realised it..."John let out a reassured sigh. It was just that, then.
They waited in silence about half an hour more, being precautious in case somebody had been left behind to guard the safety of the operation, but since they saw no more movement in the port, soon they were out trying to hail a cab back home.
With those thoughts in mind, he never registered when he walked down the corridor in which they had been before, only when the room door fell shut behind him with a click and took off his disposable mask.
“Massage?” John sounded angry. He sounded so angry that Sherlock thought to abort the whole operation, but then he felt John’s hands moving to the side of his buttocks and Sherlock’s penis gave a really interested jump. “I said that. You still haven’t given me a reason to touch your arse.”
John sighed, he found it troublesome to stand his companion's heavy stare. He waited when Sherlock moved to shrug his shirt off. For his surprise, Sherlock just removed it completely. The detective still had this look on his face, staring down at John, almost expressionless. Sherlock's eyes followed John's every move; his hands on his arm, his eyes that battled internally between the arm in front and the rest of exposed skin. He noted how John
Around four o'clock in the morning Sherlock stood up and walked to the door, Mycroft following close behind.
The big man paused and then laughed hard. He patted John's shoulder friendly. His left shoulder. It hurt a little but he smiled at the gesture. "You're weird man, just like me." Jack said, "I can't believe him most of the time, but he's indeed quite brilliant."
. And then another one – very polite – from Elsie asking him to please charge the fees of his work to her account and not Chloe’s. An apology was received two minutes later from the same number. A
It’s been a really long time since I wrote chapter 4, it’s been a crazy couple of months, but I’m really glad to be back.
"Oh... and... why do you have it?" John tried to sound indifferent, but he knew his voice was giving him away. Not that he cared that much, actually. There were a couple of things now that he didn't care as much as he did before, at least not in front of Sherlock. He took a hold of it last night.
"How is your flatmate, by the way?" She asked, her face and voice giving away her discomfort "Still chasing criminals around town?"
"Right." John frowned and pursed his lips pensively. He glanced over at Sherlock quickly and then back to Lestrade. "We'll be there, Greg." He said firmly and quickly as he noted Sherlock was about to say something else. On one hand he was sincerely satisfied that they knew Sherlock was the one solving the case this time; it's not as he was usually recognised publicly for his skills besides his own blog. It was always the Yard doing the work after a solved case, usually taking all the credit. A little bit for Sherlock wasn't bad once in a while.
“I’m going to move to your legs, alright?” John repeated the process of the slide with a new product and with a grin he said, “I told Abby that you were really fat before, so you supposedly have stretch marks on your back and legs. She recommended castor oil.”
There was a pregnant silence as John got to work, Sherlock could feel the slides being removed from his toes and then heard the acrylic being placed next to his knee. When he looked down there was also a pencil. John was
