"Its fine," Sherlock replies in a voice that he has no awareness cracks as he reaches his own room and slams the door behind him, feeling tears burning in his eyes.
"Well, yeah," Sherlock says, tucking the laptop away beside his chair and sitting up on his knees. "So what was it for, tuition money?"
"Is it…pleasurable?" John asks tentatively.
John takes a moment to register that before grinning. "Oh, Gods, yes." He runs his hand down Sherlock's arm and starts leading them to Sherlock's room. "If that's still okay with you, of course."
"I lack a certain understanding in these matters," Sherlock says, more towards thinking out loud. "It was pleasurable, but that is what frightens me. The instinctual and animalistic side kicks in and my brain falls into emotional mush. I don't know how to handle that."
Sherlock shakes his head. "I am rudimentarily much more familiar with telling, but may I just show you this time?"
"I thought you weren't good at these things," Sherlock jokes softly, a real smile finally gracing his lips again.
Sherlock gets down on his knees in front of John and starts bobbing his head forward and backward, reaching forward to grab John's thighs for support but feeling as John's hand pulls his away. "It's all in the art of no touching, Sherlock."
"With pleasure," John says as he lifts himself away from Sherlock. "After we get up – I am taking you to breakfast."
"You've been waiting long enough, I get it," John says with a small grin.
"It was for a case," Sherlock mumbles as he apologizes again to John as he's cramped up against him in the dark.
"Aw, look at this, consulting detective all grown up into a human boy," Lestrade says as he pushes aside his papers. "Really, that's all it took?"
"I want to know why you're the only man I've ever found close to attractive," John replies with a grin. "I guess there are mysteries neither of us will quite know the answers to."
"What – what are you thinking about?" John asks in a nervous tone, hoping it's not something totally unrelated and mood-ruining, but giving the detective the time to speak could help.
John laughs. "Will you marry me, Sherlock Holmes?"
Sherlock nods again. "I hope you realize, John, I have no idea what I am doing."
Sherlock remembers rushing to John's side as the cops apprehend the criminals, pulling John to sit up. John's eyes are afraid when he catches Sherlock's eyes. "Who are you? Where am I?"
It eventually reaches to a point, in between the starting and finish, that is pure and raw and animalistic. The focus is still on one another, but the raw nature of it brings them to rut faster against one another as John's thrusts increase in speed and depth.
"Friends care, John. I've been told sentiment is important," Sherlock says with a gulp, noting that John is now moving his hand.
"I want to like the idea, but feelings are all laced with uncertainty – I prefer being certain, and it's not possible with emotions," Sherlock remarks, reaching up to rub his temples, still finding no way to escape to his mind palace.
"Sherlock, do you ever think that John's a bit nervous that when things change back…things will change?" Molly asks gently.
"I missed you too. Ten days was excruciatingly long to be away from you," Sherlock says, wrapping his arms around John. He hesitates.
John excuses herself to go to the ladies' room. At the table, Mycroft looks to John as do the rest of the table, look to Sherlock. "I don't know what John's prattling on about, it's already practically settled."
Sherlock and John have been requested on a case and Sherlock continually seems unfocused on his deductions. John takes a turn and as John bends down to look at the body and takes some notes down, Sherlock just makes a bit of a noise. Lestrade asks if Sherlock would rather come back to the case later and Sherlock doesn't respond, just looks to John. John shrugs. "He's looking at me for advice, I'd guess that's a yes."
John wraps his lips around Sherlock's member and sucks insistently, licking around the shaft and humming. Sherlock's sure it's the humming that pushes him too far. Sherlock's hips snap forward once, thrusting into John's lips harshly. He hears John gag a bit around him and starts with a slue of apologies before John helps him do it again, pulling Sherlock's hips forward a few times before the detective loses control and starts thrusting faster and harder down John's throat.
John walks up to Mycroft's bench and takes a seat beside the older Holmes brother. "Yes, no, I don't know – what do you want me to say today, Mycroft?"
Sherlock wasn't ever considered, to me, like that. He's obnoxious, rude, and flat when it comes to emotions. There was a blind spot in my brain just big enough that a case of amnesia could pull out the blockade.
John shakes her head. "We have very little time before we have to leave."
"Is it my division? I'm quite busy, Sherlock," Lestrade says as he sorts through papers on his desk.
"No," John mutters before reaching up and tangling his fingers in Sherlock's hair, pulling his face the final few inches so their lips can meet. Sherlock makes an intangible sound into John's lips as his hands start exploring every inch of John he can find, pulling them closer in every deepening of their kiss. Rutting into each other like there's no tomorrow and gripping on to each other for dear life until they have to come up for breath.
"You're just plain stupid if you think you don't have as significant of an affect on me," John responds as she curls into his side.
Once again, Sherlock pleas the doctor's name through his lips in a way John can faintly recognize. It's a few times before John finds himself relaxing to the rhythm of the mantra, watching Sherlock with a loving smile plastered on his face that he can't seem to strip away if he wanted to. His eyes eventually fluttered shut as his hands found a comfortable grasp over Sherlock. It was soon followed by their bodies falling together in a loosely comfortable embrace, a welcomed notion in both their unconscious minds.
"Another lesson: don't understand, just feel," Sherlock whispers as he moves to open the cap of the small tube in his slender hands. He's interrupted by a completely unfamiliar sensation that has him jolting forward to support himself, hands clenching around the headboard. "John, ngggh."
"Don't you dare apologize," John says as he walks ahead of Sherlock into the coffee shop.
John takes a deep breath. "How long are you going to punish me for that comment?"
This doesn't happen in real life. John Watson insists it as he curses and rolls the top of his pajama bottoms. He reaches up and pulls his hair so it drifts over one shoulder, getting ready to go downstairs to face his flat mate and all of the mockery at this mishap.
"It's worse because it doesn't make me uncomfortable. It should," Sherlock starts, not knowing how to finish that and sound decent.
"Teasing, John, it's called teasing," Sherlock says, winking at John once as he's pulled his mouth off of John's clothed cock just long enough to pull the pants from John and throw them to be discarded somewhere on his floor before taking the leaking member past his lips again, licking around the shaft and humming around the base as he bares down. It is a few minutes before he's got the idea to take his grip off of John's thighs and give John the opportunity to move.
Sherlock sighs. "Can you tell me now?"
It turned out to be shower before changing John's sheets and then sleep, but either way they both eventually got comfortable in their pajamas and curled together to sleep through the night together.
"I don't think that's true," John replies with a small grin.
"Any luck contacting those who are responsible for your current…form?" Mycroft asks John.
"I'm home," Sherlock says softly, gaging John's reaction. "Everything's back in place correctly? I asked them to double-check, but you never know with Stephen – it's a long story. I talked him out of recruiting us to his team of his. Anyhow, how are you?"
John joins him on the other side of the couch, not once taking his eyes off of the detective. "I meant to apologize as well – I didn't mean to make anything more difficult for you to process. I just want…I just want to feel like the person you are in love with rather than an experiment you could finish and get bored with."
Finally, after a few weeks of radio silence, John feels she has to respond about the holiday party they were invited to months ago. She's just about ready to go in her red dress that strapless heart-neck on the top and puffier on the bottom. She sits on the table to put on her stilettos before she feels long, deft fingers over hers. "Are you trying to make this difficult," Sherlock pleads in a soft voice.
Sherlock makes a hand gesture that said 'by all means' and John huffs as he gets out of the cab. John walks round to Sherlock's side before it could take off. "This is a cruel, cruel punishment."
"Porn, Sherlock, it is just people having sex for the camera," John replies, not sure where Sherlock is going with this.
John pops off and rubs Sherlock's legs gently with his palms, calming the detective down. "It's alright, hey, it's fine really."
"Sherlock Holmes. We're flat mates, have been for two years. 221B Baker Street, it's where we are now. I am the only consulting detective in the world and you are the only ordinary person who's able to put up with me," Sherlock says all at once and not too quickly.
John allows a smile to slowly form on his face as he climbs into bed beside Sherlock. He resumes acting normal, to keep Sherlock most comfortable. "I don't want you to get huffy about this. I just want you to get some sleep so that you remain healthy, and start looking your age again."
"You talk like you have experience in that area," Sherlock scoffs breathlessly before noting John's cheeks flush the slightest bit. "Interesting."
"What about when you do remember? What about then?" Sherlock asks in a whisper.
John takes a few breaths before following Sherlock up the stairs to the door of his room. "Why – what did you think I was going to say?"
"If it makes you uncomfortable, Sherlock, tell him that it does," Lestrade replies, feeling just as confused as Sherlock does to this situation.
John adds two more fingers before Sherlock is a mess beneath him, begging to be fucked more than he realized Sherlock was capable of being. He slicked up his member and started pushing inside Sherlock and watched his detective's face carefully, watching for discomfort or pain. Sherlock bit his lip so hard he thought it might bleed. It stung, but it was John and he was full and that was what they wanted so he took deep breaths. "Start moving, please, John," Sherlock mutters, unsure if that will heighten the discomfort or pleasure, but eager to find out.
"Sure, that's fine. Where to next?" The cabbie asks.
"Never," Sherlock begs softly before John's lips descend onto his again.
Sherlock has opted not to focus on that as he reads through cold case files every night in between cases. He won't go to sleep, he won't even think of sleep – sleep has become a time for his mind to wander in dreams about John. It unnerves him, so he has decided ultimately the solution was to not sleep and try to keep his mind otherwise occupied.
John finds himself running up to the loo and back to bring the lube. He looks up at Sherlock cautiously. "Are you…would you want to…"
Sherlock casually moves his hand first to John's thigh, and John gives Sherlock a warning look. Sherlock's expression shows nothing forward as he moves his hand up John's thigh and started palming the doctor's cock through his jeans, eliciting a deep hiss from John's lips. John looks into Sherlock's eyes, and the detective sees they are already darkening with lust. "You have no idea what you're starting."
John had stepped back into the warmth of 221B, now, and he found the flat transformed. All the lights but one near the hearth and one near the couch were off. By John's chair two glasses of whiskey stood with a plate of elegant lacy biscuits beside. On the table near the couch was a bottle of champagne on ice that looked far too expensive even at this distance. Next to the champagne were a pair of short wide beakers, each with a lit candle flickering within their depths.
She pulled herself out of bed and stretched luxuriously. Pulled on the soft, warm rose-colored dressing gown the boys had given her at Christmas. Went towards the door, thinking of a cup of tea - then realized she had left something behind.
Hardly adventures. Was unavoidably detained. - SH
Tonight, John was still. Many colleagues were away for the Yule week. John had signed up for more than his fair share of shifts, opting to take time off later.
Laughter and a large splash broke their moment. A group of young figures, skinny and nameless in the dark, waded into the shadowy water. Their footsteps slowing into a shamble as the water grew deeper. This section of the cove was untended, some length away from the tidy beach. Here a squelching muck caught at their feet, bogging down their breathless excitement.
"The network again? Wiggins?"
Sherlock firmly believed himself no romantic. All evidence of the evening, his own behaviour over the past years since meeting John, and the tremble his limbs gave in this moment of hearing John utter those words--all this to the contrary. But even he could no more leave that mouth unkissed than he could deny Rosie when she asked to be picked up, or leave evidence for some cretin to trample and destroy.
She backed away from the door, tip-toeing despite knowing they’d hear nothing of her footsteps. She went up the stairs and entered Rosie and John’s room.
(This story--particularly this chapter--is canon adjacent, not compliant.)
“Good remembering, Watson! You have more hands-on information than do I in that area. It’s important to always search your own knowledge when investigating. And also to not neglect other, reliable sources of intelligence which you have available to you. Our information is incomplete about our relatives in Leeds. Whom could we consult?”
“Stay still!” John called. Sherlock grasped her beneath the shoulders and pulled upwards as straight as he could. John braced his feet, holding tight and shifting all his weight back and down to allow his partner to lift her without falling forwards himself. Then they were all free of the cloud of jellies, and the two men floundered back to the shore, each helping carry the tween.
John took Sherlock’s hands in his and moved them to frame John’s face instead. “Whoever you’re thinking of is not me. Whatever they said to you, it’s not true.”
Sherlock went down the hall, spent time in the loo, then came back out again. She saw him linger, listening. She could hear the sound of John’s voice rolling out in a lilting sing-song pattern. He was reading one of Rosie’s favorite books to her.
"What!?"
"Obviously."
"Don’t tell your Dada, that though young Bee, alright? We don’t want his head to get too swollen."
of water from branches and leaves continued. A large drop hit Sherlock on the neck and rolled down below his collar, setting him to shiver. He hugged the bottles he held closer and concentrated on slowing his breath, observing the leaves and flowers he passed. A spray of green and gold magnified by brimful water droplets. The mottled purplish-green of blackberry bracken rambling across sun filled slots in the woods.
“Do you know who else plays the guitar?”
Martha slowly pushed her head through the door again. Going slow, it was an odd sensation. She closed her eyes the better to ignore what her mind told her could not be breached.
to return to. To be able to look forward even to the strops of his genius, beloved (
"Or, we can play like this together." Will looks up with a hopeful look in his eye. He is wavering.
Mrs. Hudson walked close and stood behind him. Spoke into his ear.
"You think he's good then?"
A shy, delighted look came into Sherlock's eyes. "I thought I was the only one."
“Outstanding. But you know he reads?”
John's step on the stair allowed Sherlock to finally release a breath he didn't realize he was holding. Instead of rushing down, taking his husband's things and peppering him with kisses and questions, the detective set down John's laptop quietly and got up to put on the kettle and turn the tap on in the bath.
"I hear Claridge's has some lovely fowl. Perhaps we can add the dinner to your tab?" she said unperturbed. "I'm not going to give over his secrets. Come tell me yours and then go put that beautiful child to bed."
"You've stayed over some times since..but never with Watson."
Janine. - SH
"Yes," Greg began with a slight questioning inflection to his voice.
She stepped through, and pulled the door closed behind her. She put her hands on the knob and held. She heard raised voices from the room beyond. She started chuckling and had to concentrate to keep holding on as giddiness overtook her. Good thing as the door handle almost turned in her hold. But she willed her ghostly grip to stay firm and it held. They could not open the door.
A piercing look. "John, what are you asking? You're not getting defensive, are you? You will support whatever feels right for Watson, won't you?"
"Oh God. Mrs Hudson, please don't let him. I mean it's fine if he guesses I want to take him out that night, but if he doesn't. If this isn't what he wants--" He looked at her in an agony of fear. "Maybe this is the wrong idea."
"Only some things. There is so much more I need to learn." She pulled her notebook out of a backpack they'd brought and she found the charts she'd been reviewing in the morning. Various hands offered bottles, palm sized stones and other items to anchor the corners of the loose pages.  She recognized one object proffered in particular. "My music blocks!" That corner tucked beneath it was instead weighted with a small shoe. The box was opened and swiftly upended.
"I have something else planned." The detective started pulling away from John, who resisted, pressing closer as his friend tried to disengage.
They listened to the count down, complaining quietly together about how absurd all the holiday shenanigans were. "It's an arbitrary moment, illogical to make so much fuss." "Yes, and it bugs me how everyone's clock is different, so how could that one moment matter when it's not the same, even?" And then the count reached single digits and both fell silent, leaning even closer together.
"Beautiful. I'd love that someday," John said. Sherlock could see that John's eyes were full of feeling, but the sentiment in his own left him unable to deduce them.
"Oh."
Sherlock looked up again, "Is this all right?"
Letting John walk away felt unnatural and wrong. As though he'd sent the soldier upstairs entrusted with right hand or his still pumping heart. Left stranded and unfinished below in his absence. But he breathed a deep sigh, thinking of the night. Remembering John's cheeky smile when he told Watson how "the man he loved" needed to sleep or he'd be in a real strop tomorrow.
"Being Sherlock Holmes was no picnic." They exchanged glances. Sherlock looked away first, drawn inward to another time. John  looked down at Sherlock's ankle again. This time he gave in to temptation. Settled his hand on the cool, pale skin.
Sherlock's lingering hands each time he drifted by John and Rosie, or lifted her from her father's arms to take his turn cossetting the girl.  Clasping John's arm, caressing his shoulder, grazing his waist. Once alighting daringly on his flatmate's neck. Martha had averted her eyes at the sound of John's gently in-drawn breath.
Dada read music, but now I know that he made blocks for me that helped me learn." She broke off from her soliloquy to give her father a hug. "Thanks, Dada," she said softly. John squeezed her back wordlessly.
"It's not a secret that we have to hide, Bee. It's a secret because once you understand it, it opens your eyes to something others may see but not observe." The detective felt John's arm come around his waist. His husband had rearranged his burdens to the other side. His gaze as he met Sherlock's eyes was gentle and full. Sherlock felt Watson release her hold on his shoulder and put her hand on her Dada's hair. Then John's head rested against him, too.
She put her hand on his arm, stilling his efforts to wrap her in a shawl on top of the thick fluffy coat she was bundled into for travel. “You must say something. If anything happens, it will make me happy to know you’ve got each other.”
"Yes, Papa," she said with sleepy determination.
It had been one hundred and thirty-four hours and fifty-eight minutes since he had kissed John. Since he felt those soft lips tighten in surprise, then loosen and open and felt the responsive surge of John's desire welcome him in.
"That just the thing. It's special because it isn't a counted like a note. It's time out of time. You don't count the beats, and you don't know when it will start up again."
"This is important to her. And it's her initiative. If we squash it now and try to take her plans away from her we'll either set ourselves at odds, or worse, ruin her enthusiasm."
pieces. Beethoven over Bach so far, and the dramatic, contemporary Beamish had caught her ear. Shrugging off narrow popular agendas for building super intelligence in the child through exposure to western European orthodoxy, he sought instead to follow her inclinations. That type of thinking struck a too familiar chord, one which he rejected with all the passionate heat of the wounded and rebellious child he had once been.
"How awful."
He felt on the edge of saying something he'd only brushed across admitting to himself. He remembered the first time he was deployed into live battle. The adrenaline. The feeling of being on the edge of something. The one way nature of the flow. Like stepping into a river and not knowing where on the other bank he would find himself after the current washed him where it would. If he'd remain standing.
Sherlock hesitated, considering. "John, Watson may choose something else than what we see."
"He's been at it almost day and night. We had to send him out to the woodshed when he first started. Sounded like he was killing the cat."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well, John, I have to say I'm thrilled for you! I'm so happy. I've been waiting so long for this--"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yes," Sherlock snarled.
John said, "I would never interfere. Not when the game is afoot." His daughter gave him an odd look then shrugged.
Mrs. Hudson sat on John’s bed, looking over at the child. She felt a tug. Like there was someplace she should be. She ignored it. Just peacefully enjoying the moment.
"About to fulfill a variant of one of my oldest fantasies about you, I think." John sighed happily as the detective moved back to his prior position.
"Hence the cavalcade of ladies."
After the kiss, John rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder. Nuzzling an ear he ghosted his lips across Sherlock's neck and delighted in the shiver that went through the man he held. "Thank you for this surprise." Sherlock's arms tightened in response.
"Sherlock!"
"Exaggerating then. I'm sure Watson has made good progress." He stood up to move closer to the two of them, and a glimmer of the love he'd shown earlier echoed on his features as he looked down at the young girl. If John hadn't seen the unshuttered version of that look, he might have missed or dismissed this slight display of fondness. Sherlock looked up at John and the expression lingered. Some energy in the man settled. "But it's been far too long that you've taken care of others." He went on even more quietly, "Accept some help, John. Please."
John froze. Well, he hadn't been moving, technically, but his breath halted and his limbs tensed. Adler's words pounded through his mind, echoing the thrum of his pulse.
He stomped a bit going up the stairs, wanting his housemate to know his ego was still smarting from the tongue lashing he'd been given by Sherlock for apparently using up the last of both household items. John was sure he'd done nothing of the sort. But in the interests of keeping their voices low and his child sleeping, and in the face of one of the very worst strops John had seen his flatmate in since he'd returned home from perdition, John had bowed to necessity. He made the trip out into the cold.
Sherlock sighed inwardly.
"My friend? Oh, you mean Peterson. What has John been saying? My--" he blinked thinking, "fellow former addict acquaintance, was properly rewarded for his honesty in coming forward about the bird and the stone. We saw to that." His eyes flashed with righteous anger, then the expression on his face mellowed. "And at John's timely suggestion, the proceeds from the birds, and half of the reward money are being donated to charity." His smile expressed all the fondness his words avoided. "And," he tapped his chest, indicating the contents of an inner pocket. "We claimed the other half of the reward money. Which should be quite adequate to take care of several of this one's needs in the New Year." He looked down at the child in his lap not bothering to censor the feelings showing on his face. Martha warmed herself at the sight.
“Dadda. Sh’lock can play his vilin. The fairies like that, you know.” Mrs. Hudson recognized that grumpy face she wore, but it was not from either of Rosie’s biological parents.
John began a quick list of the toxins, chemicals, weapons, diseases, body parts and highly breakable equipment which had graced the Baker Street flat during his various tenures. He got distracted musing on how many human bodies could have been constructed from the contents of morgue take-away bags Molly had sent home with Sherlock over the years. If his unfettered partner had fallen a hair more on the Victor Frankenstein side of things. His daughter gave a sigh, and he felt his own tense muscles ease slightly.
A few minutes later, Sherlock walked in on them. Their laughter had finally subsided, but the two of them were still gasping and holding their sides. Rosie and Sherlock both stared at John and Mrs Hudson in equal bafflement.
John, smiled in amusement.
She crossed her heart with a finger and laughed. Then she became serious again. "So what should I assume? That's how it works, but if I'm going to be wrong, what do I do?"
Sherlock made a heroic effort to school his features. But then he saw the laughter in John's own eyes and it was all over. The two men laughed as Sherlock helped John regain his feet and his dignity.
"Sherlock.. Not that one."
"Brilliant deduction, love."
John paused the film again. "Seriously? John Hubert Watson? My parents were awful, but not stupid."
The warmth was not returning to John's eyes. "I broke your heart," he said. Bleaker, "I was in love with you, and I threw it away."
. Flapping his arm about in midair couldn't possibly do anything to help with that.
John hugged more tightly the blanket he’d been bundled into. The chill of the night and the post adrenal drop brought back a throbbing to his shoulder, worse than he’d felt in many a month. Sherlock, by his side, tried to reject his own blanket a third time, only to have it replaced yet again by Mrs Hudson’s loving, insistent hands. But at John’s shudder, diamond bright eyes took in the hunched look of his beloved’s frame. Sherlock shifted closer to John, unfolding his blanket to drape around both their shoulders. John leaned into the warmth of his lover’s body. A deep sigh settled out much of the stress that had been seeping into him unnoticed.
The flutter of Sherlock's pulse beat wildly. He moved closer, drawn like a sunflower compassing towards a private sun.
"No."
Sherlock looks askance at that. "John, your eyes, your bedwear, the state of her teething ring, the history on your phone and a thousand other things tell me you're lying."
mate, where are you
Tangled with the bottom, she looks a plant, our young medusa, our jelly. A polyp. Anchored in place. Translucent. Mindless. Swaying with countless peers in the tug and pull of the endless tide. To capture what comes. To sample the threads of life and drifting seed that fate steers her way. To linger in between. To hold the space for what one was and what many will come to be.
“Assess. We see how trustworthy the evidence is. And determine if there is sufficient evidence to justify a conclusion. Also, attend Bee, this is something new. There are other paths of investigation that you and others will use. You may not even realize you are doing it, but knowing if you are doing so
John blinked. "That's..extremely thoughtful and forward thinking of you."
"Do you now? I had thought this was one of your blue 'family time' blocks, not green for study." John aimed to avoid shooting Sherlock a frustrated, questioning glance, but only mostly succeeded.  Sherlock took up the thread.
"I didn't want to presume, John." A shy look, extremely at odds with his physical state and the intimacy of their embrace, came over John's face. Sherlock made a connection. "Wait, but you did. For my birthday?"
"Seriously? You're going to make me talk to this closed door? C'mon, mate. I've got news."
help you clarify your mind in order to rid yourself of bias.”
“All right. I will keep trying.”
"Indeed." Sherlock rubbed his head into John's fingers and was rewarded with renewed attention and even a head scratch, which distracted the detective for several very pleasurable moments. It also seem to please John. His shoulders relaxed and his fingers became loose and gentle again on Sherlock's head.
“Dears, breakfast is ready!” came from the kitchen.
John. - SH
John somehow took this all in stride. It was definitely surprising from his partner, who when he had first moved in lifted not a finger to help and had done all he could to leave only the smallest space for John to occupy. John suspected that some not so subtle guilting from Mrs Hudson or a lecture by Lestrade had made it all happen.
John shook his head, “No darling, not time to play with your Sherlock. It’s time for you to say good night to the fairies and go to slumberland.”
“’Fraid not, Bee. Have to leave it to your Papa to teach you about that. I’d best get back. Don’t want the bacon fried to a cinder, do we now?” He disappeared into the kitchen waving his hand at a cloud of smoke that backed up his words.
At a breath, John held Sherlock close, leaning their foreheads together.  He groaned low, "How have I kept from touching you?"
Mrs. Hudson put her face in her hands.
"I think so. But..but why is that secret?"
"I trust you."
“You may add Aunt Harriet and Aunt Clara to that list as well, I believe.”
On a magnetic white board slapped onto the fridge were written 5 practical objectives which Rosie had chosen. The neat angular characters of the words were in a hand that still made John’s eyes brighten and his lips curl upward when he saw them. They showed up on sketches of dead bodies scattered around the flat, as well as in oddly formal love notes tucked into a book he might be reading. Sometimes neatly curled around his stethoscope.
Sherlock thought, licking his lips in anxiety. He shrugged, shaking his head, and let the man enter.
“Greg, Papa!”
Pulsing, they grow. A sliver of star becomes a puff of sea grace. A tumbling reaching hand of strands grasp an errant egg, pull it inward. Again, again, again. The sea becomes their hunting grounds.The flutter of gentle spokes spell death. The quarry falls to layer life on, and bring them onward.
“Well,
“Papa why can’t Dada read music? I can, and I’m only six.” Inquisitive young eyes narrowed and soft eyebrows quirked.
The sounds of gunfire intensified. He gave a last glance and dashed along the zig zag route he had charted in his mind. The figure above the wounded man spotted him and waved unobtrusively. Watson picked up his pace but agonizingly found himself slowing down. Feet sunk and ankles mired in fine sand. Impossible details came clear to him: a hand holding pressure to a chest, a whispered prayer.
Sherlock resumed his narrative. "It didn't matter by that time, of course. I didn't need him to mislead me. That monkey was on my back indefinitely, and travels with me still." Sherlock looking at John saw a question in his face. "What?"
"Will, your father said you became interested in the violin recently. What made you want to play?"
"It has copper in it."
Yes, yes indeed. Hands were being held.
Mrs. Hudson leaned against Sherlock. He shivered again the moment she made contact. Then the tension in his frame melted, and the words he spoke filled with emotion. Laughter, exasperation, admiration, love.
He crushed his cool flatmate in a hug (as much as he could with a sleeping child snuggled in a carrier between them). A watery-eyed embrace that lasted far longer than he could imagine the impassive detective being comfortable.
A sense memory unfurled in his brain. The phantom scent of the balm Sherlock stroked on his wounded hands that first day they spent together. The many long warm sessions of massage since then that had helped his gnarled fibers relax and stretch. He rubbed his long-since healed hand on Sherlock's belly. Gently luxuriating in the play of flesh beneath the soft cotton, and in the richness of life that had followed the fitful start of their relationship.
"We really must be going. John, the car is almost here."
An hour on found the group by the northern tip of the cove dispersing. The excitement had shaken many out of the spell of the glow. The sound of voices disappearing in the distance and the occasional closing of a car door broke the still of the night. John and Sherlock stood in a circle with their friends. Warm mugs of tea in their hands, having been conjured out of the night air by Mrs Hudson’s swift dispatch of Billy.
"You really, are a treasure, Mrs Hudson. I'm sorry to land Rosie in your lap again like this. You do so much--"
she thought.
Once Sherlock was able to play the full sequence through, committed to memory forever now as well, he looked a question and started playing a different tune. The proud look on the violinist's face changed to one of curiosity and appreciation. Sherlock breathed deep and took himself back to a time long ago. He heard the tone of his teacher's violin, sharing this tune from his mentor's own past, his own home.
"Addicted to dopamine?" Sherlock answered with a nod. John continued, wondering, "So where do I fit in?"
“All good.”
ed: 27 July 2020. It's taking longer to finish this chapter than I planned! Thank you for your patience everyone. <3
This was meant to be the final chapter, the +1, but instead it will be split into parts with this being a bit of a case fic. So, here it is a little early. I'll get you the next come Monday.
A clatter arose overhead. Martha recognized the sharp slap of fleet feet on the stairs and set aside her cup. She had heard this sound so many times before. The game was afoot. No sign of Lestrade outside.
She whispered, "You're not an idiot, Dada."
Slipping into the driver's seat, he leaned into the back seat and put a warm, reassuring hand on Rosie. Her sounds quieted as he whispered loving nonsense and rubbed her belly soothingly. She calmed further as he put the car into gear and set off. The immediate task was near completion: moving back to Baker Street. The next paired set of concerns took its place in John's mind: making 221B safe for Rosie and finding a way for her to fit into life there without intruding unduly on Sherlock. Problem solving steadied him just as the movement of the car lulled the frayed nerves of his daughter.
John spoke to Sherlock, supported by his touch and the circle of trust they were building. He told Sherlock about his childhood. Much of what the detective had deduced was correct. About his sister's struggle to come out. The layers of pain, physical and mental that had sculpted his family and basic experience of the world.
"Much better. And in a moment, it will be even better still." Sherlock scrabbled at John's buttons, until a memory occurred to John.
"So you decided to wake me and half the neighborhood to make yourself feel better?" John took several steps into the room, until he stood directly in front of Sherlock. This close he could see the shadows beneath the younger man's eyes. For a moment he thought he saw an expression like concern, but the face shuttered swiftly and returned to impassivity.
"Are you unhinged!?" He saw Sherlock standing in the center of the room, one of his dressing gowns modestly drawn around him. Sherlock folded his hands neatly on a broom held before him. John had the momentary wild thought that Sherlock had been counting how long it had taken for John to come yell at him. "You woke me up!"
John raised his eyes blearily. Sherlock sat leaning his shoulders against the arm of the chair. With idle swipes he browsed something on his phone. John husked, "I said that out loud, did I?"
"Moriarty?"
Sherlock steepled his hands beneath his chin. He glanced to the clock and neatly flipped his phone out of a pocket. Flicking the screen several times he typed furiously and then manipulated the buttons on the side. John watched befuddled, feeling his breath and heartbeat return to normal once more.  Sherlock placed the phone on the mantle place, facing outwards. An image of Big Ben came into view and John heard the too cheery voices of commentators float over popular music and the murmur of crowds.
"Not quite as much an idiot as everyone else in this world."
Should I send the usual?
They spent some time preparing to open up the bottle of champagne. Sherlock gave that task over to John citing his military experience. "They didn't issue me a saber, Sherlock." "But you can do it?" "Well, yes." Sherlock rustled up an appropriate blade. "Do not tell me where you had that hidden, Sherlock." "I won't then."
She is smiling at him. John's back to the camera. The next was a sharper image of John standing in front of Sherlock's neatly groomed grave and headstone. Sherlock could clearly read the anguished tension in John's shoulders, jaw and clenched hand.
, licorice. As in many things, John, you are drawn to that which may harm you. These are flavored with anise."
"Well, I have wondered..."
Mr Shadid stared at Mr. Holmes dumbfounded. "He's self-taught, to this level, in just a few months?"
After a few minutes, Rosie's eyes became leaden. Her body grew slack in John's hands. Sherlock continued to play. The child closed her eyes with a sigh.
on a section she had played afterwards.”
"Sometimes we can get what we want and need in a way that doesn't have to risk our own safety."
“I’m trying to remember all the bits in demi..semi..” She hesitated.
"John! Why are you wasting time! Is Watson settled?" He unbent enough to send an affectionate gaze her way across the room.
Her body lay peacefully, still in the bed.
What can't be unsaid? - SH
"I don't remember anything about what led to it. The first time I overdosed. I woke up in hospital. My mother was there."
The vulnerable look in Sherlock’s eyes made John burn.  He pulled Sherlock close. Cradled his dark head. A fury took him, stilling lips that yearned to kiss away those fears.
“Any of them may sing. Some who play an instrument, may not sing. Your Aunt Molly’s voice is regrettably deplorable.”
John's eyes opened wide and he snorted. "Sherlock. Wait, what? I'm the one who needs to hear that?
From the beach beyond, a call went out. Figures reclining or leaning against the rail pointed across the jelly-spangled cove. A few muffled voices called names. Feet pounded across the ground. Phones lit.
John was exhausted. The year had gotten off to a rocky start. Jeannette ending things after their disastrous date at Christmas. Adler bursting upon him and Sherlock like a naked, leather-wielding whirlwind.
"Again, then, trapped," John ventures in a soft whisper, not wanting to alert those outside.
Sherlock arrives home to John sitting in his chair again, watching crap television. His eyes flicker up the second he hears the door. "I didn't mean to upset you."
John walks over quickly before he stands inches in front of Sherlock. "I'm fine, I just, can't stop thinking, God, I missed you."
"Not today, Sherlock," John replies swiftly, trying and failing to move backwards in the ridiculously small closet they got stuck in.
"I think those are quite appropriate," John says with a grin as he reaches over the table to grab Sherlock's hand in his. "After all, I am his date."
"Can I kiss you?" John asks, hovering over Sherlock's lips so closely that their breath is already shared.
"It's music you do. And you used to sing to me when you were putting me to sleep. So maybe your mother, or your father sang to you?"
Mrs. Hudson slowly took her hand off the door handle. Believing they’d be far too distracted by each other to notice any sound the knob might make, but still not wanting to break the fragile moment that had blossomed inside the room.
, Sherlock thought with some satisfaction.  He suspected a guilty conscience troubled John. The doctor could still barely grasp that he was planning to leave the practice despite the looming deadline.  February would see him free. To write, to care for Watson, to take on more cases. To, perhaps, enjoy his days.
"Mm hm."
Greg grinned. "Right, yes. Some tea would be nice." He looked expectantly at the kettle. Rolling his eyes, Sherlock filled and set the kettle with crisp motions and too much force. He took out mugs and tea bags, then turned and leaned back against the counter to face Lestrade.
"That was thoughtful of him. It's difficult to get someone to take a chance on you once you are in the system."
can. She plays the flute with us sometimes. We played with her and Uncle My on the piano at the country house.”
Half an hour later, John and Sherlock tiptoed down the stairs. Cheeks and lips pink and bruised. Hair half-tamed on both, but neither cared. They took a moment at the top of the stair to take a final taste. John could not resist worshiping Sherlock's neck a little more. "John, that's how we got side tracked last time we decided to go get her."
John, who was squirming in his seat at the unexpected praise being heaped upon him, took this opportunity to tease and hope for some change of topic soon, "Long way from slightly less idiotic than everyone else, eh?"
They drank. The liquid burn across John's lips and down his throat woke his senses. Sherlock's eyes never left him. The light depths were entranced and languorous.
Two of the youngsters came closest to the edge of jellyfish. One drawing back, the other urging on. A hand reaching out. John called, “No!” But then a cry of pain rang out, and the slight bodies froze. Three began to scuttle away from the drifting, pulsing stars beneath the water. The one who was stung stilled, clutching their hand. The fluttering watery beings began to surround the youngster, who yelped, panicked and hurting.
“And what do you know about who plays an instrument?”
He bit his lip, holding the sensitive tissue tight until the threat of puncture brought him back to himself. Pulling his torso upright slowly, he punched the pillow. Cursing again the impulse that had made him shift from comfort to something more in the quiet half-light of John's kitchen.
"Of course, my dear. Just say the word. I'm here for you."
Legato - long, smooth even bow strokes which connect notes and maintain continuous accent and volume.
] with both clefs. It had examples of each type of musical notation and a table below showing the relative lengths of notes and pauses. A second sheet beside it summarized a variety of time signatures. Those most common and some not so very.
"And now?"  he said.
What did you mean we danced?
Lestrade placed the bag on the kitchen table as he made himself at home. The friendly ring of the bottles clinking together made Sherlock twitch with impatience. "A bit early for that, isn't it?"
“Nanna!” A huge smile. “You’re not gone?” A look of puzzlement. Sleepy eyes were rubbed.
After an interlude of silent sunny looks,  Sherlock dropped his hand then John dropped his. They walked together to the chairs by the fire. Sherlock stood until John took his seat, then the taller man leaned over to pick up his whiskey. He trailed his free hand up over John's shoulder, pausing to stroke silver blonde hair lightly.  John inhaled a calm, deep breath and gazed up at his friend. They maintained eye contact as Sherlock drank a sip of the dark liquid, his hand lingering. Then Sherlock broke the touch and sat down in his chair.
John whimpers, stumbling back into the chair behind them and silently begs Sherlock to continue with the gesture while his mind runs itself in circles. "I, um, I am not…"
Sherlock is preoccupied by a case that he asks John to join him on after work, which he does, as usual. He's almost shocked when the coordinates lead to an empty place again. Even more surprised when he finds Sherlock seconds before they have to duck and hide again, like it was planned.
"May I just," John grabs Sherlock's long coat off the ground and wraps it around himself wearing nothing else but pants underneath.
"Totally abnormal," Sherlock says with a wicked grin.
"Then come with a cloth if you must. I haven't slept but one night in three weeks and that was an exhausting feat of effort," Sherlock says as he lets his eyes slip closed. "Goodnight, John."
Sherlock nods before diving closer and taking John's member as far past his lips as seemingly possible, swallowing down some of it and humming around It, pleased by the positive reactions John is having to his actions as continues to suck John off.
"Cheap shot, wonderful article though. By far our best case," Sherlock says as he kisses at the nape of John's neck while he finishes typing the end of it.
"Why are you going to the Yard?" Sherlock asks suspiciously.
John and Sherlock rip away at one another's clothes quickly, Sherlock walking John up the stairs none too gently. They trip a few times for lack of concentration, but neither one can be bothered to care as they finally make it into John's room, clothes all but forgotten as Sherlock is the one being pushed back onto the mattress as John fumbles in his nightstand.
"No, I'm not, I…uh," John had forgotten to put them on but pretending she'd made the mistake on purpose would likely serve them both better.
"Well, experiment had excellent results," Sherlock says, feeling sated and calm. His mind palace was still running in the background but right now all he could focus on was the feeling of comfort with John beside him.
"None," John is surprised to hear even as the word leaves her lips.
Sherlock takes a deep breath before asking his next question. "Am I a decent kisser?"
Mycroft smiles to the end of which he is capable. "Okay," Mycroft says, turning and walking back down the stairs.
It may not have been such a short time as intended they realize as when they get to the restaurant, everyone is already on desert. Sherlock takes his seat and smiles as he reaches over to Molly's plate and takes a bite of her cake. She laughs and pushes the plate in front of him to finish.
"Dr. John Watson, amnesia patient for just over three months," Mycroft replies as he walks past. "If you can't remember, it's fine. Consult a doctor, though, it could be serious."
The rest of the fingering process is aided heavily by Sherlock's pleading words for more until the detective finally wrestles the bottle of lube from John's hand and starts to slick up John's member in slow strokes, revelling in the feeling of heaviness in his hand. Now they are both heading quickly towards a rough edge as Sherlock lines up his entrance with John's member and John starts to enter slowly, cautiously, tilting up in the right direction towards the right bundle of nerves that settles the pain of the stretch for Sherlock enough for them both to enjoy it.
On the way home, John pulls Sherlock into a darkened alley. "There was something I really wanted to investigate further."
Sherlock smirks. "Of course, but let me ask you – did you like it?"
"Hey, watch it, I am trying to be nice," John says defensively. "Now stop criticizing how I look and start getting to sleep."
"You're not gay. You've made that, ahem," Sherlock takes a deep breath after clearing his throat, on a stand-still between his desire to embrace John like he's wanted to for so long or to allow John to remember him properly. "You've made that abundantly clear."
"Come if convenient. If inconvenient, come anyway," John mutters under his breath.
John nods. "I just – it's frustrating when he treats me like an experiment and not someone he has feelings for, you understand that, right?"
"You should know a date with me is going to be different than one with anyone else," Sherlock remarks as he hails them a cab. He pulls John into the taxi and snuggles up beside him. "Oh, and if it's teasing you are after, you've picked quite the person to mess with."
"He likes you in both forms, if it was a concern it would have been a concern a long time ago," Molly mumbles as she fastens the jeans together and adjusts the top so it sits over the breasts just right. "I probably shouldn't have said that, huh?"
"Sherlock, did I do something," John doesn't get to finish his question before Sherlock's rushed out the door and slammed it behind him. "wrong?"
"Of course I'll bloody marry you," John says, trying to hold back the tears his misty eyes threaten to shed. Sherlock pulls out the ring and everything about it is simple, sort of masculine with onyx and diamond on the stone with a thicker band – not unlike the colors of their loft. The inscription on the inside of 'I only have one' is what attracts John's attention as Sherlock slips it onto his ring finger. John's eyes get a tad mistier. "I love you so fucking much."
"It makes perfect sense," John mutters, getting up on his toes to kiss Sherlock, feeling the melting of them together happen in a way that is different, but that is just so right that it feels near impossible to pull away. When they do have to, for air, John sighs. "I might miss heels though. We've got a bit of a height difference."
"It's just you, I gather," John says as he watches Sherlock carefully.
"I have no idea how she did it," Sherlock says, climbing into John's lap and seating himself there. Sherlock begins to feel John's arousal grow again from the contact of his arse in nothing in the way but silk pants from direct contact, but he is focused at the moment on John's lips. "I am quite good at control, John. Especially when it comes to emotions – there's just something fundamentally about you that makes it that much more difficult."
"We must," John says, collecting himself as he turns around in Sherlock's grip to face his detective. "After this, I don't care if you want to stay home for a week."
"Really, but you're," John doesn't say the words but rakes his eyes over Sherlock's entire form.
John rolls his eyes. "Sounds like a man very much in denial. I think we've always been together, just didn't have the brains to figure it out until there was a piece missing."
When he finally reaches John's waistline, leaving a trail of small kisses along the divide between nakedness and trousers, the doctor reaches down at grabs his hand. "Only if you are sure," John says quietly, clearly evident he's a bit breathless already from Sherlock's efforts.
John's hands wander down and grab Sherlock's behind, pulling their growing arousals closer to grind together as they kiss. Sherlock moans into John's lips and keeps moving on impulse, on a new ground that he's starting to particularly like when exploring properly. The detective's hands find their way down to the hem of John's jumper and shirt and start to tug at it.
"Have you given any thought to what happens after the change-back occurs?" Mycroft asks carefully.
"Oh, for goodness sake," Sherlock says before pushing John onto the other side of the bed and climbing onto the doctor's lap, lining up the member again himself and sinking himself onto it. Sherlock winces a bit, having perhaps gone a bit too quickly trying to make his cocky display. "See?" Sherlock asks with his voice a bit higher than usual. "Totally fine, John."
John purses her lips together and takes deep, slow breaths. "That's up to Sherlock."
Sherlock undoes John's trousers and pushes them away first, eyeing the bulge in John's bright red trousers hungrily. Sherlock can't reply with words anymore or play a game of wits with John as he devours John's cock for the first time through his pants, soaking them and making John's hands curl up in the sheets on either side of him. "Sherlock, you, fuck," John can't form the right words. "It might be easier if you were to…"
"No, of course not, John. Watson is going to be much, much better."
He pressed his shoulder fondly into Sherlock’s side. The beekeeper’s gaze arced up and warmed as he looked at John, but the connection was brief. Sherlock’s eyes looked out to the distance again. The man’s dark mood from earlier resurfacing.
He could feel the exhaustion in John's footsteps. Light hair—gold now liberally dusted with silver—glinted in the darkness as he came into view, and Sherlock's shoulders expanded with further relief. Blue eyes met his and after a weary moment, a lightness, quiet but present, dawned in John's eyes. The emotion glanced across his mouth leaving a slight upward bend in its wake, and rippled out to his entire frame. As he took the final step, the soldier heaved a great sigh. Sherlock had crossed to meet him in the hall where he took the bag from John's nerveless fingers. John started tiredly pulling an arm from his coat, the thick wool too heavy for the spring weather that had finally started to take hold.  Sherlock turned his husband around by the shoulders to unburden him of the bulky garment. Sherlock felt greater weight lift from John's body at his touch.  He hung the coat on a convenient hook and continued stripping away layers.
The night was warm and wet. Andreea shifted the basket on her hip, thinking over the work she had set for tomorrow. Her oldest girl, Maria, would bathe the little ones. Matei and Răzvan would arrive early to begin the harvest. The bobbing gold heads of wheat in her fields gave her cautious hope for the season. But she knew better than to rest her heart on the future. Today they had enough to feed her children. If the boarder's promise carried through, that would help her buy a new thresher. Her grip on the basket tightened.
She began walking down the steps, feeling that tug again to head back downstairs, back to her home, and then on somewhere else.
He was now working on gaining an adequate handle on a portion of one of the fundamental South Indian ragas
"Eager beaver tonight?"
"I take it these were not needed then?" He indicated the bag still in his hands. His hands gripped around it, his jacket still on. The change in the lighting had drawn him inside before he had even shucked his outerwear. A track of snow lay on the ground beside him, melting swiftly in the warm, cozy glow of the fire.
"About that."
"Yes, I am. I rarely sleep, you know that."
The quiet was broken. He heard a hoarse voice calling out. A thump. Silence. Then more anguished half-words filtering through the floor boards from John's room above. Sherlock's mind stilled, his attention captured by the man sleeping above him. Then his mind whirled, pulling threads together to spin a simple deduction. His flatmate was in the grip of nightmare.
He slammed the mug down in front of Lestrade. "Tell me your news, and then please let me be. I'm very busy and I've no time for your nonsense." His eyes hard, his heart breaking.
"Okay, sure. But that's years from now. She's not even one yet. Why worry about this now?"
"Don't you think she's taking this all a bit too seriously, love? I'm not sure how to be about it."
Warmth flowed between them. Sherlock leaned forward and kissed John's fingers. He then tugged, two-fingered, at the sleeve of John's robe. Looked up at the man with an exaggerated eye roll and slight sigh. John's eyes lit up in amusement. The light reflecting back in Sherlock's eyes burned away the assumed irritation to leave only fond devotion. Then, expression not changing, he called out imperiously, "Watson! Gather your notes, we'll continue our investigations at the park!" And he was gone from the table, striding over to get Rosie ready for their outing.
"Fuck," Sherlock mutters under his breath. Sherlock nearly never cursed, he thought it a useless part of language that wasn't worth venturing because it was too hostile. He's never felt such a need for that word until now. "We're sure you want to wait to teach me?"
When John wakes up, he remembers. Everything, except that there was a point that he didn't remember. That part hadn't come back to him quite yet. He looks down and sees the detective wrapped around his body and laughs softly. "Sherlock, come on, get up. Was there a long case last night or something? Funny, I can't remember."
John gladly moves back from Sherlock just long enough for his shirt to be removed as he works on the buttons of Sherlock's shirt. "Sherlock…you're sure about this, right?"
John looks over to the clock and groans. "It's only been three hours, go back to sleep." He shifts over to glance at Sherlock to find that he's still asleep.
"You also realize that Sherlock Holmes isn't built that way yet and he hasn't learned these things, and he is only learning in ways taught by you?" Mycroft adds. "He hasn't touched the realm of emotion before you, even practical friendly emotions, and now he's trying to learn but you aren't teaching him in the order he's expected and his brain is trying to over-accommodate itself for you."
Sherlock pulls away again. "It's frightening."
John laughs softly as he brings his hand forward to run his fingers gently over the grey bags forming under Sherlock's eyes. "Your eyes, looking more tired than intelligent and invigorated, that's a dead giveaway someone's either getting tired or getting very, very old."
Sherlock takes time to process that as he showers, brushes his teeth, uses mouthwash. He comes back into the room to find John fast asleep and realizes the window may be a bit belated and she may not hear him now but he sighs and grabs a blanket to cover her, putting together the rest of his suitcase before being ready to go, and coming back for a few final last seconds to kiss her on the forehead and whisper to her: "I love you too, John, I have since the start."
Sherlock bites back moans. "Only if you're sure," Sherlock asks cautiously.
"One was with legs on either side of my head, another faking being ridden," John says, recalling slowly.
"Jumpers were always well-suited to you," Sherlock answers as he wraps his hands inside John's jacket and fists his fingers around the material of John's jumper. "Maybe we can just skip the restaurant."
When he descends the stairs, Sherlock spares a glance to the stairway and huffs. "You must be one of John's – the door is over there, don't let it hit you on the arse on the way out."
"I knew it, I knew you were lying," John says with a small smile, playing with Sherlock's hair in his hand.
"Try me," John mutters, slowly tracing his fingers up and down Sherlock's back, making him shiver.
"John," Sherlock whines, and John will never forget that.
John leans forward and captures Sherlock's lips passionately, too quickly for a first kiss but neither seems to care. It feels like they have waited far too long for this, both, and this could have been their hundredth kiss if they had only found the attraction sooner.
He inserts a first finger into John and makes his blogger cry out, knowing exactly what to reach for on every dive inside. He gets to three before John is making enough noise to echo through the empty building. Sherlock turns John around and starts lubricating his member. "Grab onto something to steady yourself, and let me know if you need me to stop," Sherlock instructs carefully as John reaches for the ever-too-convenient bar on the wall and pushes his arse back, awaiting Sherlock's insertion.
John pulls back once before snapping back into place, brushing against the right spot again and earning a louder moan from Sherlock. John's motions get faster and Sherlock continually get louder, though only a smidge louder than John himself. In between it all, when John could, he answers Sherlock's question. "That question…ah…next time…alright?"
Sherlock sighs. "It doesn't feel real. Not in the I don't want it to way, just in the, I can't believe I'm allowed to have you like this way. When we were just flat mates, it just felt so impossible and I'm far too elated to be even held by you right now. If that makes any sense."
John reaches forward and grabs Sherlock's hands in hers and starts grinding against him, making the detective close his eyes and give into the sensation. Only for moments before he lets loose their hands and moves his hands first to cup around her rear cheeks to direct her forward at a faster, steadier pace. As they continue to move against one another Sherlock reaches one of his hands between her legs and begins massaging her clit over the thin fabric of her pants. John moans as she leans her back onto the bed, wrapping her legs around Sherlock's back, watching as he tumbles onto the bed with her. He moves up her body and massages her breasts. She bucks herself against Sherlock and watches in awe as Sherlock loses himself in her again, unzipping the coat and throwing it to the side, his hands finding themselves gliding over her again as he kisses down her abdomen until he reaches her wet heat and quite literally rips away the red panties, his tongue finding purchase there as he feels John's legs tremble with every dip and caress of his tongue against her center.
Sherlock rolls his eyes as he rolls down his window. "Mycroft, go away. The coffee shop round the bend has good donuts."
The next morning Sherlock makes breakfast and tea. He asks John several times in several different ways what he meant by what he said. John just stares at his plate, pretending he's not awake enough to hear. Pretending he thinks that Sherlock is just mumbling to himself again. Eventually, that's all it becomes, Sherlock sitting on his chair trying to deduce how to get answers about their situation as John runs out the door for work.
John's breathing grows heavier as the detective hovers over him. The detective moves his slender hands up to spread the doctor's legs so he can maneuver himself in between them, trying once more to meld their lips together. It's tentative at first. Sherlock is really trying to focus. John can feel Sherlock's nerves and moves his hands to the detective's back, hoisting them together properly before moving his hand up to tangle in Sherlock's hair.
'Think of Me Fondly...
"I need to be able to take off your pants, hardly fair that you've been able to keep them on this long," John says as he moves with the detective, chuckling as Sherlock stays latched around him. John keeps one hand on Sherlock's arse and the other entangles in the detective's hair as he moves to kiss him again. "Have it your way then," John whispers over Sherlock's lips before their lips are connected again and John carries Sherlock off to the detective's room.
"I think I'm the one who should be saying sorry," John says as he takes a seat beside Sherlock, reaching out and grabbing his best friend's hand. "What sort of arse am I? Last night we slept together, you lost your virginity on this mattress, and I go on and forget in the morning and kick you out."
"I think we both already know the answer to that question," Sherlock says before diving back down, allowing the hold on his curls to give him more motivation to bare down and let John do as his body desires.
The next morning Sherlock is packing his bag when John comes in, long hair tied up for what will likely be the last time. Sherlock smiles earnestly at John before he takes into account what John is wearing. Nothing but her red pants and his old jean jacket he'd forgot he'd had. "Troublemaker, it's accurate if you are coming to distract me," Sherlock says as he zips up his suitcase and takes it off of the bed to put it on the floor.
Sherlock shakes his head, curling into the pillow he's got his head rested on and pulls up the blankets like a cocoon around him. "I'm tired, I want to sleep."
"Can you demonstrate how doubling works?" Sherlock stands to ask, glad that his words spark enough fascination to have John turn back to look at him.
Over the next few weeks, John doesn't start to remember much more. However, Sherlock is learning a great deal more about himself. He likes when John sits and watches him play violin, he likes sleeping when it's in John's arms. He rather likes getting ready for their third date.
"Sherlock," John says in a more accusatory tone before Sherlock runs off just as everyone seems to let themselves in.
"We'd really never done anything like that before then, have we?" John asks in curiosity as Sherlock bows his head down, feeling guilty for letting John do such a thing. "Sherlock, it is fine. First times are, um, short. I'd think."
John's breathe hitches. "And now, something changed?"
"Sherlock, bloody hell," John says in a reprimanding tone. "You shouldn't do that."
"Best friends, perhaps," Sherlock says as he nervously takes a sip of his tea.
Sherlock grins tiredly. "The way you might want to, perhaps. But please do anyways."
Sherlock is simply flabbergasted by the amount of control he's being given. "What, um, what positions did you have to practice control with before?"
John reaches down and wraps his hand in Sherlock's hair, twining it. Sherlock looks up with a questioning quirk of his eyebrow before John replies to Sherlock's thoughts. "This was the next step with Mary. It was actually something we had to do with the cameras. You wanted to learn restraint, yes?"
"Ah, you haven't seen anything yet," Sherlock promises as they connect again once more, never again being just flat mates but forever being a couple. Sherlock would forever refer to himself in a similar tone as he's heard before: John-locked.
"I never meant it to criticize," Sherlock replies carefully before letting his eyes slip closed.
"I wasn't planning to make it easy," Sherlock whispers into John's ear before placing a kiss onto John's exposed throat. "I know enough about this area from research that we could be stuck in this flat all day, I am just…"
"To visit someone, now are you going home or not?" John asks Sherlock a second time.
"Amenable," Sherlock huffs out in between moans and stolen kisses in between thrusts, taking in as much of John as he can take. Sherlock's made to feel in bliss when John starts kissing along his pale neck and bears down and suck and bite on certain bits that elicit the most noise from Sherlock.
Sherlock nods, realizing that his bottoms are still on and does away at the buttons as he speaks. "I would suggest you get prepared because I have no idea how long my arousal lasts in these situations," Sherlock moans out as he brushes his palm over his own bulge on accident as he pushes away his trousers and pants.
"For, bloody hell, just will you," John says as he sinks deeper into his chair.
"It comes back in pieces, Sherlock, but it's working its way back," John promises as he stands up from his chair. "We're supposed to go look at a dead person then?"
"I didn't say it wasn't fair game," Sherlock says shortly, unbuckling himself from the restraints and removes his hand, waiting.
Sherlock lays down underneath her and smiles. "The game is on."
Molly looks at John and smiles. "Just remember what I told you."
"With a little bit of effort," John replies with a refurbished smile.
"I couldn't very well leave you there alone," Sherlock replies in a rather smaller voice than normal.
Sherlock smiles ear-to-ear. "That's all well and good, makes the next part so much easier," Sherlock says as he pulls away and reaches his hand into his pocket, grabbing out a tiny black box. "John Watson, I love you so much. And not just because you are a great shag, because, really – you take the cake. And I'm sure we'll be just as insatiable like ourselves. I just really don't want to spend another day without you. I said a long time ago that I don't have friends, I only have one. I only have you in my mind, because, John – you're the person who matters more to me than my own life and I love you with every inch of my mind and heart. Please, please will you marry me?"
"Shhh," John says as he pulls Sherlock close again, kissing again and again like Sherlock's lips are the only thing keeping him breathing. Gripping tightly everywhere on Sherlock's body that he can gain purchase as they kiss, not ready for it to stop. John pulls away again for breath. "Too bad it's a crime scene and we could have to leave at any time," John whispers as he runs his hands up and down Sherlock's torso.
Sherlock reaches for the computer and types in the words they will always remember. After they go through with the formalities and the rest of it, but to the world and to them these were the words that kicked off the rest of their lives.
Sherlock looks at John for a few moments, evaluating the sincerity of what his blogger has said before he exits dramatically enough. "Well, it took you long enough," Sherlock says to Lestrade as he waves John out with him as he makes perfectly refined deductions from what he heard from the closet about the events that transpired outside of it. John just stands quietly until it's time to leave, never taking his eyes once off of Sherlock.
As the actions draw to a close, John reaches forward in between their entangled bodies and strokes Sherlock with whispered pleas for the detective to cum first. Sherlock obeys with a loud scream as he finishes off before squeezing the walls of his entrance so toughly around John's member that the blogger immediately follows, spilling all of the seed he can offer into Sherlock's hole before pulling out slowly enough to not make shock occur.
John smiles sweetly. "That's how it's supposed to feel."
"Nervous?" John interjected, a small grin rising on his face. "It's okay to be nervous."
Sherlock is a lunatic. He's raving, mad. He still drives me crazy in our small flat, trailing around experiments that are as a majority either poisonous or disgusting. I still complain when he does so. We still both run wild like children on cases with the thrill of the chase.
John looks at Mycroft in disbelief. "What, no death threats today?"
Mycroft shrugs. "You might have to talk that through together."
Sherlock steps back, staring at John with a shocked expression. "Excuse me?"
Sherlock looks alarmed. "Why – where? What am I supposed to do?"
It is a few hours before Mycroft arrives. "John, nice to see you are better," Mycroft says through his teeth, knowing Sherlock wouldn't want him to snap on John, even now.
John moves closer to Sherlock, pulling a hand up to caress the detective's cheek. "Can I try something, if it's simple and not embarrassing?"
"The date didn't go well then, boys?" The driver asks.
"None," Sherlock says as he starts pushing away at John's jacket, indicating he's more than ready to continue forward. They strip each other down to their undergarments before John says a word more. "I don't have anything for," John begins to say as Sherlock pulls a tube out of his coat pocket, "but clearly, you're prepared."
"Bored," Sherlock says in one short breath over John's lips before allowing them to collapse together.
"Can I kiss you again?" Sherlock asks, most sincere questioning in his eyes as if he's still not sure John actually wants him or if he's just got a really nice pair of lips that feel particularly good wrapped around the army doctor's cock.
Most of this is already clear. At least, I'd hope, as we're not the most subtle pair in the world now that we've decided to make things work. Neither of us knew that relationships could work in our lives until we found one that's both as functional and dysfunctional as our own.
John doesn't know why he's moving his lips with Sherlock's, why he's playing along. Sherlock pushes him back towards the wall, effectively knocking things over that cause loud clangs and startle them both apart, quietly waiting to see if anyone heard. Luckily, the murderers seem to be preoccupied and yelling at each other. Sherlock blinks a few times at John before saying a word. "Sorry."
John wakes up as Sherlock attempts to show affection through running his long fingers through John's short hair. John blinks a few times before he pulls back just enough to look up at Sherlock. The detective immediately looks alarmed and his hand pauses on John's head. "Not good?"
Sherlock takes in all the sensations at once and does as John asks, exploding over both their chests before he feels his entrance tightening around John's member and setting John off to finish as well. When both their orgasms have been ridden through, John pulls out slowly and lies beside Sherlock.
"Very formally said," John says as he squeezes Sherlock's hand as they walk home.
"As purple has always been yours," John says with a gulp as he looks down quickly and back up. "So, um, well…Mary used to have to kneel and pretend to give head. Now, I mean, at any point if this becomes uncomfortable for you…"
"Why don't I believe that?" John asks, leaning forward more in his chair and resting his hand on Sherlock's leg.
Sherlock doesn't look back in John's direction as he opens the door and answers. "It's not important."
"It's not idiotic," Sherlock states feeling more comfortable and utterly himself as he climbs out of bed. "It's gentlemanly, which is a trait of yours I do appreciate."
"Are you sure," Sherlock asks softly and it takes everything in John to nod weakly. "Alright, gorgeous, excuse yourself after you get them tea, we can be quiet."
"The date that John insists on before shagging me, so if you would excuse us," Sherlock says, pulling John along curtly as John sputters in horror and apology as they rush out the door. "You were right, that was fun."
“Many of my relatives do play. But some don’t. And all of them may sing even if they don’t play an instrument.”
Mrs. Hudson walked by John, past the bathroom and to Sherlock’s door. She decided that if no one was going to tell her how this whole thing worked, then she could bally well make it do what she wanted. So she never hesitated, striding confidently through the door.
“But he plays the guitar?”
And you got mad at me for calling it a sex vacation? - SH
"It's fine, John."
“Got it in one, darling. We knew this was coming. Now dry your eyes, and go be there for your child and that solitary soul who won’t know what hit him. You need each other.”
A very sharp look from Mr. Shadid. "No most definitely not. No one is stupid here, but yes we have students at many ages. We can all do this together." He then addresses the room as a whole, "Speaking of which, good job everyone. We can move on now. Please get your bows and we'll work on your strokes."
"Several of the people in the network have asked me to use particular terms. It gave me pause."
al-Maghrib?"
"No. Not really. But an exceptional man?"
What noxious impulse had set him to play something now? When what he wanted to was to weep with his bow. To be home, alone and defended in his sanctuary to mourn in peace. The admonishments by friends of John's inevitable drift away, helpful salt for the wound, were nothing to the reassurances he'd received from the man himself. They had the Work. Nothing would change. He'd come over all the time. They'd keep on with cases.
Doctor Bogdan had brought the limp figure to her early one morning. Dark, curly hair matted and body laced with wounds. He had been robbed and beaten in Serbia, needed a place to recover. A shed on her land gave him some shelter and her the prospect of some extra income. He wasn't the first
John nodded. "I always do." He looked into Sherlock's eyes again. "But for now..."
Back in her bedroom, she watched as John examined her calmly and filled out a paper noting her time of death. Then she ached silently as he turned back to her, sat, covered his face and began to weep. She crept closer to hear his words, muffled and garbled by his hands.
"It's the funny pair of lines that come down at an angle across the staff. Did you see that one?" Another sleepy nod. "Good. We'll look at it more in time. This is a special kind of a pause. It's also called a caesura. But train tracks is a good way to think of it. When you come to train tracks, you always have to wait, right Bee?"
Instead of reacting with hurt or anger, John instead found himself yawning. He shook his head. "It's fine. It's all fine, Sherlock. I haven't--well, that's not true. I have been having nightmares again since Mary left. But therapy has helped me work out my responses. It was better even when I nursed you, remember?" A nod. "I'm too tired to argue. So let's try it. I'll leave the door cracked and if you hear her in the night, come on up. It's probably all academic anyway. Since she's eating solid food as well as the bottle now, she sleeps much longer stretches."
With some notable exceptions I have endeavored to act like a human being today. For you, John. Duty served. Leave me be. - SH
“Yes. For each of the lengths of notes, there may be an equal pause, or break. And other types.”
John looked away. Shifted the protective screen to poke the fire. He leaned back and shut his eyes against the pain and the pleasure.
It's the pause between Christmas and New Years. Martha Hudson was looking forward to a quiet day on her own.
Not finished yet. (!) Next, they do indeed talk.
More raised voices. A higher voice, distinctly John’s talking about “Rosie.” A rumbling reassuring voice. She’s just fallen asleep, she’d be fine for a moment.
Then, a bump. A burr. A knotted thread in the line of being. The polyp she spins a wheel. One star, another. They layer, one upon another. Brown, purple, blue, translucent slice of life. How could this thin peel become a pulsing, coursing medusa? How can the moon, with her breath and stroke, be caught below, starlight congealed?
He counted backwards from 20 and then ran through questions he and his therapist had worked out.
Will shrugs off the question about his name. “Will is fine.” He thinks for a moment, remembering.
Will considers.
Sherlock smiled. He unfolded upwards and kissed John, a sweet possession of his lips. Then settled back down again, placing both hands and his chin on John's leg now. He said, shrugging, "Oh, like someone gave me the keys to a place I'd never been before. But it turned out to be my home."
"Yes. Please, god yes."
A wistful air stole over John's face.
Sherlock put his hand on Rosie's shoulder. She looked up at him. "Watson, you will always be wrong." Her eyes widened and he saw first tremors of a collapse of her spirit. He shook his head vigorously and knelt down to be on a level with her eyes. "We always make mistakes, all of us. This is nothing to be ashamed of." Sherlock's voice was earnest, his gaze forceful. "Making a mistake means you tried. The hardest part is accepting you’ve been in error, and committing to correct that error."
"Yep." John said, popping the 'p.' "Much good it did me. Between my heart not being in it or you doing God knows what all to sink each ship."
"Stop squirming," Sherlock admonished sharply. He tucked a foot between John's knees.
All fantasies. Just like the dreams he'd been forcing himself not to have for years now. All the wisp of smoke from a gun, a snowflake in the sun, a lost breath. Nothing he could touch or hold or feel.
"Don't! I want to figure it out. I didn't have enough information, but I think I do now." He nodded and she removed her hands. Sherlock looked on, his hand steepled before his chin and a twinkle in his eyes.
Sherlock stepped in, "So, what is your final conclusion, Watson?"
She just smiled up at him, then resumed her course. Walking on toward memories and sunlight and new adventures undreamt.
With effort, John shifted his face to allow space to speak. "Bastard."
John shook his head and shrugged one shoulder. "It's hard to say. This started as a bit of a lark, really. As I've posted on my blog that Sherlock has shifted to truly just consulting for more serious cases and we only do direct investigations on smaller, less dangerous questions, we've started getting visits and inquiries from a wider variety of clientele. We literally had two calls last week about lost cats. I was shocked that Sherlock almost took one. I've been directed now to run through a battery of questions aimed at getting the owners to realize if the cat is still on their own property, and if not then to redirect them to their local council. But the case we are on now also has an animal angle."
"I want to remember this moment." And slid his body close.
Sherlock felt relaxed. He spoke, his eyes resting on Rosie then glancing every so often to meet John's. "I felt..drawn to you from the start. I didn't understand at first. It was nothing like with Victor. He pressed me, courted me.  Expanded my circle. Then later when it had become a bit too expansive," John snorted, but Sherlock could feel the tension in his fingers,"he abandoned me. I never saw him again after my trip to rehab. He called me once, clearly wasted. Inviting me round for 'sex and blow.'"
But I know you don't want to leave. You gave your self away, mate.
"Go right ahead, Sherlock. Is everything all right? I take it the case is resolved."
"How long is it for?"
“Of course, Watson,” Sherlock said. He got up and made for his instrument. A moment later he was back to the kitchen doorway violin now in hand. “Come, come, John. The fairies are waiting!”
"No more. I can't puzzle things out between us. I can't listen to you play and wonder what you mean. I have so much to tell you, and I want to know what you're thinking, Sherlock. We've let so much silence get between us and steal time we could have had. I can't do it anymore." He shook Sherlock slightly. "You're a wonder, but I need to hear you say what you mean. Please, set that down and just you be here. With me."
"How romantic," John interjected.
John had to smile at the pride and confidence in Sherlock's tone.
Motes of dust swirled in the bright sunlight spilling in through the window, but just a few. He heard the sound of stringed instruments being played together quietly from beyond and found himself calculating how long it had been since his husband and daughter had risen together. Some hours he would say.
"Oh, yes. Please." John's hands went to the buttons to help, but Sherlock swatted them away playfully.
"You warn me if we see him, then." Sherlock felt a heady rush at the novel feeling of being able to accept John's jealousy.
“Thank you. For everything.”
We already danced, John. - SH
Sherlock came down first, as was his habit. He seemed to know before he even came close to her body.
(See the end of the chapter for
A roll of the eyes. "Do you think I am an idiot? Of course we won't give her a violin today. And she certainly won't be playing mine any time soon. There are suitably sized ones, that are appropriate for a child."
“No, Papa,” Rosie said demurely, though Sherlock recalled amusedly to himself her actions from just earlier that spoke differently. Her eyes opened wide as a memory occurred and she continued, “Oh! But
John woke with a start. Watson--Rosie was gone from the crib. He blinked his eyes, adrenaline pulsing through his veins.
John fell asleep tapping his finger lightly in time with the tune.
"It's very fine. Special rosin may have gold or silver or even lead. And copper. The chemical properties of the metals change how the strings and the bow interact."
"Will, please trust me. You are not bad at this. We just played Ave Maria and Bach's Minuet in G Major. You've only been playing for six months, and all on your own."
I know now and it can't be unsaid.
Suddenly John was exhausted. His shoulders slumped. He closed his eyes and ran his hand over his face. "Not acceptable." He shook his head and looked up again. He thought he nearly caught another of those looks but he was too confused to be sure. He shook his index finger beneath Sherlock's nose. "I'm too tired now to yell at you properly. But we are having words. Later."
Slack sinews pulled tense. “No. But we won’t see Mycroft again for months so there’s that.”
They walked home together, hand in hand. The jellies danced on, tumbling slowly beneath the wheeling sky.
Sherlock followed. For the first time since stepping out onto the rooftop of St Bartholomew's Hospital, he felt a shard of peace. Sustained applause filled the room once the band brought the number to a close. Beneath the roar of laughter and chatter that followed, Sherlock breathed the feeling in. In his mind, John stood next to him with that half smile and crinkle of the eyes that told Sherlock he was understood.
“Watson. What is it?”
"Speak for yourself, Mister I-went-to-Oxbridge posh boy. You bought it for me. Put up with me enjoying it." John's eyes sparked in a dangerous way as he took another sip. Sherlock had seen this look in John's eyes many times as they struggled and fought over how to proceed with an investigation, or argued over proper decorum at the Met or sanitary conditions in the kitchen. And the detective had seen something like this between John and a few of the women he'd brought home with him. Sarah, particularly brought out this boyish, teasing side of the ex-soldier. Deductions slid automatically through Sherlock's thoughts.
She stepped
"John, sit."
Sherlock tried hard to keep his ears from straining to hear his own name cross those cherished lips. And so hearing on occasion, to not read more into the phrase than simple unconscious recognition.
Will relaxes fractionally.
Sherlock mirrored the gesture and spoke. He said, "To something new."
In a flurry of limbs and paper, Sherlock brought their daughter up the stairs calling back down as he went, "John! Grab the case of travel toys, will you?"
"Oi!" John tried to push himself up, but found that his arm had started tingling. His elbow buckled and he slid down again, landing not softly on Sherlock's lower ribs. The sharp pain in his neck twanged, his nerves shouting.
John's gaze watching Sherlock read 'A Christmas Carol' aloud. Entranced. Adoring. At peace.
“Nanna is sleeping, rosebud. She can’t come see us, I’m afraid. We’ll have to talk about this when your father returns.” He mumbled the last quietly.
"Tell me what it was again? I'm afraid I was a bit too desperate to know some other things at the time for me to take it in."
“Good. Now, how shall we proceed? What is proper procedure from here, Watson?”
Just come back.
“And Dada!”
she'd seen arrive seeking to capitalize on the cities swelling in the wake of Romania's acceptance into the European Union. After his misfortune, he was lucky to be alive, to have a chance to end his family's long exile from the
He adjusted his collar where it clung to his skin. Beads of sweat trickled down the back of his neck as he struggled to remain still.
Sherlock laid his instrument aside and approached him calmly, hands splayed out before him in a gesture of peace. "John--it's fine. Watson's fine. No one else is here.
Will is informed Mr Shadid has come to speak with him. They meet in the music room. Mr Shadid brings his violin. Will sees his own instrument sitting on top of the piano. He frowns. They sit facing each other and Will waits patiently for the man to speak. To lecture him, then go away and leave him in peace. He has plans for the afternoon that involved boarding and taking a Royal Navy privateer, then working on a new model for a snare he is sure will work. He has spent enough days now with the leaden lump in his stomach that has replaced the ecstatic thrill he'd used to feel at the smell of rosin. He is trying to forget what the music once meant.
“Your Uncle Gerard.”
John leaned into the hold and kissed Sherlock tenderly. "I know, love. And I cannot wait. But I know it's not for tonight."
did, but the three of us knew the song, so we didn’t need sheet music.”
"I am not gay." John took a deep breath. The light and the heat and the sand before him once more. "I'm bi. Bisexual. I like--"
Will is surprised to find himself nodding. He ignores the new rosin. He gets his violin ready rather numbly. Not thinking about what this could mean. What he had let go.  Mr Shadid checks his posture, corrects him slightly. Adjusts his elbow. They stand together next to the piano and Mr Shadid asks Will what he would like them to play.
“And..”
Sherlock leaned his head back again, closing his eyes. "The feeling of my feet on the pavement, with the criminal unmasked. Your footsteps right behind--"
John opened his eyes and inhaled deeply, shakily.
What? Oh there you are
"So, you saw John?"
"I was not drunk. I was pleasantly buzzed."
"He can be. When no one is looking." John looked down at his cup with one of those heart melting looks she'd seen the other evening.
"Of course it does." Sherlock watched John eat.
"I know what the word means, John." Sherlock's voice was brittle, abrupt. John sought his eyes but they remained hidden from him.
Adhan for Asr."
"Recent research indicates that too high amounts can cause weakness, high blood pressure. Paralysis."
"What's wrong?" Sherlock groped upwards toward consciousness, thinking where his clothes were, his phone. What was needed.
Sherlock interrupted harshly, "Obviously. I sent you to the clinic yesterday. John's just started, so they're likely giving him as many cases as they can, to put him through what paces this quiet little town could possibly offer someone who's seen military engagement. And of course you would ask to be seen by him, to give yourself a chance to meddle properly." The water came to boil, and he grabbed the handle, pouring the water with precision and disdain. "So now you're here to let me know that..." but here Sherlock trailed off. His mind offered a myriad of equally disheartening options for what John had shared with Lestrade. His polite but empty dismissal of the query. A cordial desire for him and Sherlock to talk. A distant yet generous offer of forgiveness. Perhaps they could start over as acquaintances.
Sherlock moved to kneel next to the doctor, his back to the fire. He put his hand on John's knee and leaned against the chair. John looked startled, but did not object and seemed to settle happily in the new configuration. The hand not stabilizing Rosie caressed Sherlock's hand, then rested on his detective's head, absently stroking his dark hair.
“How was she, John?” Kate sidled up to Molly, taking her arm. The slim brunette snuggled closer to the red-haired woman.
He took her hand in his. He sat in the chair they kept near her bedside. He said nothing at first, simply bowed his head over where their two hands were joined.
"Bee, it will be getting chilly by sunset. I expect we'll all be done in by the time we hear the mid-afternoon
He huffed dismissively but with good humor. "Oh, yes. Claridge's was thrilled to reclaim the Countess' 'misplaced' stone and set right the hotel's tarnished reputation from the theft. They were all too ready to quiet talk of contamination of their toffee-nosed holiday bird program, and released the poor plumber they'd been incriminating with no proof more than that he'd done his job on a holiday."
"Oh? That's good to hear. It's just a little hobby he's taken up recently. Since the winter holidays. He's been taught the piano and can read music of course, already. But last year he was obsessed with dinosaurs and greek myth. He wouldn't stop talking about the constellations for a whole month. Now he's on about pirates and violin music. Next month it's as likely to be race cars and parakeets as anything else. He just seems to dabble. It would be fine if he picked an instrument but we don't expect much to come of this, really. We're trying to get him a grounding in math. He's got a good mind for it and we think he'd be suited to the sciences."
“Yes, Papa.”
Topmost of Rosie’s goals was to play a concert for her family during their annual visit to her
“—demisemi!” Rosie chanted victoriously.
A group of four taller children standing towards the back lead the group with an easy pulse. Smaller children including the honey haired girl smile and laugh at each other, half getting-half ignoring the beat. Two girls have made a patty-cake like game out of clapping each others' hands to rhythm.
Mrs. Hudson had hosted the winter holidays with the tree, lights and all. Her memories of them singing carols were priceless. The sweet little four-year-old’s voice piping high over the rolling baritone and steady tenor of her fathers.
The detective pulled out a blank sheet of paper and a marker, worldlessly offering his scribing services to the child. "Let’s sort this out and see if it can help you answer your original question, or if we have need of more information gathering. What are your lines of inquiry?”
John rolled his eyes. "Can you not allow her to have a moment of triumph? That was fantastic, Sherlock. Sure you must admit."
"Your friend wasn't involved was he?"
Wishing you the best!
"Yes."
Sherlock was awake.
"Mrs Hudson! I'm so sorry to disturb you so early..."
What on earth is going on?! This holiday party was having just the opposite effect she'd been hoping for. The girl John brought was lovely, literally. But really, another, John? Aren't you doing a bit of overcompensating here since his lordship gave you the let down?
Sherlock knelt before John, working at his laces with deft fingers. John placed his hands on him and leaned his weight into the bony shoulders. He rubbed lightly catching Sherlock's attention.
The girl accepted the label for John and Sherlock without skipping a beat. "Thank you, Nanna."
“Love you, Nanna.”
John left his hand where it had landed, unwilling to lose the contact. He grasped Sherlock's wrist. Tried to find words. Before he was able, Sherlock put his other hand on John's and squeezed lightly. Unbearable pressure melted away from John.
"You're not making me finish all of these alone are you?" John polished off his biscuit, absently licking powdered sugar off his fingers. Looking up he intercepted a dark focused look on the detective's face.
Sherlock's eyes crept back to meet John's, who said, "Please. I want to hear from you, but I'm more than happy to disclose. I can go first. Or last. Or whatever you want."
John snorted with laughter. Sherlock shushed him with a gesture but smiled as well. "Don't distract her. Keep going, Bee. What did you have that has allowed you to learn?"
His living space invaded, freedom to indulge in the concerns of his research constrained, and flexibility of his schedule compromised by taking on not just a boarder, but a..companion. Of sorts. What Sherlock could not yet understand was why rather than a burden this new state of affairs felt so impossibly right?
“That’s right! I’m glad to have your quick young mind to remind me. Old ones sometimes forget these things.”
"My protective John." He felt John's arms contract around him.
Sherlock's hand alighted on John's aching shoulder. Clever fingers started sliding softly over knotted muscle, digging in.
"I'm sure she did."
John scooped up handfuls of the popcorn from the bowl. Dropped kernels littered his lap and tumbled onto the floor as he shifted, trying to get comfortable. He rolled his neck and shoulders, wincing at the sharp pain that lanced through him.
Sherlock felt Watson fidget on his back. "Stay still, Bee. You're getting big to carry this way. We'll be home soon."
John chuckled, "I'll be on the lookout for those. An old..associate of Sherlock's, from harder days, is working security--"
"Perhaps. But I am stronger than when I met your Dada, because I am willing to accept more now that I can be wrong. And can listen to others who try to correct me out of love. Your father taught me that."
Sherlock turned his head towards John. Open. Undefended.
"Yes, exactly. You don't need to play those games, but you can still get help. That doesn't mean you are stupid, or worse than anyone else. Everyone has to learn. Everyone makes mistakes."
"You're really worrying me now. What is it?" He swayed with Rosie to ensure she would stay asleep.
"What? John?"
Will's father wrinkled his brow at the instructor, trying to take in what he'd said. It made him re-consider his own assessments so far.
Will doesn't ask why Mr Shadid had to leave his home. His parents and Mycroft talk about politics and the wars often at dinner. He can't grasp the death and grief this represents, but he adds this great loss to what those words mean.
Sherlock ghosted into the room, efficiently lifting Watson up and away. Three paces saw him enter then leave once more. John's peace was undisturbed.
"Like you, Papa?"
Sherlock is home again. He plays for John and Mary at their wedding.
He closed his eyes, and opened them glistening. "I am trying. Now."
Sherlock dared not think the word love. For fear it would cost too much in the saying.
And I know you hated being around all these people. And I know you did it all, all of it, for me.
“If I see them read music, and if they play an instrument.”
"Yes." The love in his eyes shifted to a fondness she realized was for her alone. "You certainly are. I.." His voice roughened and he looked back at Rosie. "I'm not certain I can ever repay you for all you've done for me. For us, really." The glow in his eyes spilled away. A darkness took away the light.
Mrs Hudson said, “Never. I’m not sure what got into them. They should know better.”
“John?”
John felt limp and easy. He had no idea what was to come, but the fear and anger that had gripped him was gone. Left in its wake a curious openness. A blank slate, awaiting. He lifted his glass and raised it to toast.
"Like how different color rosins are good for different conditions, right?"
Affectionate glances. A brush of the arm. A warm solid side leaned into another. At five minutes to midnight they sat close on the couch. John's face was flushed from the heat he felt at the steady contact he was enjoying from hip to ankle with the detective. He soldiered on through his anecdote of the many spectacularly failed, then finally successful attempts at learning to properly behead a champagne bottle after a Rugby league match. "Learned at University, I'll have you know." "There's always something."
"Is that because the little ones are too stupid to count yet?"  A gasp goes up and every head swivels to fix their gaze on Will.
“Nanna...”
You love to dance.
"Dada, may we stay out until they call for
Sherlock shuddered. "The worst of it was in what she didn't say. How she looked at me."  John ran his thumb over the back of Sherlock's hand. He remembered the track marks lining the inner skin of Sherlock's arms. The places he'd looked away from so many times when he'd cared for his friend. A no man's land they'd both avoided. He'd left him there alone.
From the moment he'd learned John was to wed Mary, he'd taken the bull by the horns and leaned fully into supporting the process. Even as Mary had embraced Sherlock wholeheartedly in turn. They saw in each other an equal for John's love. The price of keeping him was accepting the other. A wordless bargain was struck.
“Think about the winter holidays.”
The color in John's face deepened. "Um. I actually was wondering if you could take her for the whole night. We'll do something different with friends for Rosie. But yes, for his birthday I was thinking of maybe keeping it quite small this year."
His own words and Irene's echoed in his brain.
John was disappointed but not surprised to see the bed beside him empty when he woke.
They stood a while lost in thought. The lap of the water entraining their breaths. The waltz of the jellies entrancing their eyes.
"My assumptions were wrong?"
Martha rose from bed, pulled on yoga pants and rolled herself a slender joint from the eighth of Stardawg she had stashed in the drawer of her bedstand. She packed full the bowl on the natty little bamboo steamroller pipe Sherlock had gifted her with. Its green finish was the same dark hue as the conifer that now dominated their consulting room. She grinned, puffing, remembering holding Rosie as they bickered good-naturedly while dragging the too-large thing to their flat earlier in the month.
A whisper from Sherlock, as if more than half afraid John would hear. "Happy Anniversary, John."
“Sherlock, what was going on with the kids? Why didn’t you want us to talk about it?”
She squinted.
"Nonsense, John. Come in, come in." She ushered him in and took a look out into the hallway before closing the door behind her. "Would you like some coffee? Or I can brew you up a cup of tea. And should I make something for Sherlock? I thought I heard him out there, too."
By Sherlock’s birthday, the cough she developed had been diagnosed as pneumonia. She taught Rosie how to make the chicken soup she so loved and the girl served her endless bowlfuls.
They settled down together again. Each quietly circling their own thoughts. Sherlock continued.
What is happening right now?
Tonight he learned that love could taste of whiskey and champagne and anise. And a flavor wholly, uniquely of John. One which nourished. He could feed that void. Where hope had failed, trust delivered. Saved.
John's absence from his side had been a continual ache.  Scrubbing his lab equipment and beekeeping supplies while pondering the stochastic pattern of the break-ins, he'd imagined he could hear the snip of John's cutters or thwack of his axe. When he wrapped Lestrade's bleeding hand in a tea towel and sent him packing off to the clinic, his heart had skipped across the lanes to contemplate jumper-clad, hunched shoulders and stress tousled silver-gold hair.
Rising to straddle John's lap, Sherlock opened the shirt. He took his time to appreciate the chest revealed beneath.  Ghosting across as John watched through lowered eyelashes. The cratered scar, a constellation of pain. Sherlock's fingers read a passage of the life that had brought this man into his arms.  He dipped his head to trace the line of John's clavicle with his tongue and lips. John gasped, his hands coming around Sherlock, roaming across his back. Sherlock moved his hips close and reveled in the whimpers he elicited. The contact between them was a glorious tease. Relieving some of the tense ardor consuming the dark haired man, even as the slow movements inflamed him further. His already snug trousers grew tighter.
"John, I want.."
“What did he say?”
"Why would they put metal in? Wouldn't it hurt the strings?"
Squinting again, she was quite sure that the boys' faces look freshly kissed.
Sherlock's mild expression seemed to become even blanker. "You were disturbing my peace."
In a familiar gesture Sherlock had witnessed many times that evening, Lasho enveloped the back of his neck with his hand and pulled the detective into a hug. Squashing down a panic response that could have killed the kind musician, Sherlock forced himself to relax into the embrace.
"Of course not, Mrs Hudson. He was I guess, a fellow junkie? Recovering drug addict. Had a criminal record from what it sounds like. I'm not quite sure if Sherlock and he met at rehab, or on the street. But either way, after Sherlock got back on his feet, he had a client who was looking to fill a position and Sherlock convinced him this fellow Peterson had related experience."
“Daddy!”
These boys are taking their own sweet time to get together. What I thought would be one chapter is turning into several. Thanks for hanging in there with me!
A very sharp look from small deep blue eyes. “Papa. It’s Uncle Greg, and you know it.”
John huffed out a gasp. He was so used to seeing Sherlock sharpen his blade on others, he forgot sometimes how it pierced when the man took aim at him. John paused the film and looked down at his lap, emotions churning.
Deep night had settled in at Baker Street. A wind teased the drifts of snow along sidewalk and rooftop. The moon was canting low, casting long dark shadows across the quiet streets. Rosie was nestled in down at 221A. She stirred briefly. A small hand stretched out, mouth smacking in contentment. After a slight huff of air out from her tiny lungs, she was tranquil again. Mrs Hudson, sitting in a comfortable over-stuffed chair next to the portable crib, looked up from her book and smiled at the child. Her thoughts went to her tenants above and a more wicked grin lit her face.
"Yes. I...well there are these theories about music children have heard in the womb. And even though she was just a wee thing at the wedding, I wondered if perhaps.."
He did not acknowledge her presence. For Sherlock, Mrs Hudson was gone. But she knew he must feel
“..you're her grandmother, we’ll have her remember… a second mother. He’s always loved you, I hope you know…”
Sherlock squeezed John gently at every point of contact then determinedly disengaged, laying a firm, chaste kiss to John's lips. John finally acceded and settled himself to see what came next. He lifted one of the champagne flutes and sipped at the sweet liquid. The fizz felt alive. His pulse blazed.
"You asked about past relationships." Sherlock watched John make the connections, and accepted the fury filled gaze John threw at him with no fear.
I may be done. - SH
"Besides," Sherlock said. "You miss her."
He didn't let himself dwell on the thought.
The ripples were still settling from the massive intrusion into Sherlock Holmes' life that was John Watson. Sherlock had welcomed it: cajoled the decommissioned soldier into accepting a place at Baker Street, tempted the doctor into accompanying him into his dangerous adventures on the streets of London, and manipulated the man into accepting the unenviable task of reminding his new flatmate to give the least tribute to the needs of transport.
She looked at the page. Opened her mouth to answer, then closed it again. "I thought no? But then, why would you be asking…"
He spoke of his explorations of sexuality and pleasure with girls in his circuit. The tentative flowering of attraction for boys, squelched and hidden despite his staunch defense of his sister. Until reaching the army relaxed those bounds. With his father's death and his reaching the majority age he became an independent agent in the world. Blazed through lovers and gained a moniker to prove his prowess in three corners of the world.
"I am so very sorry. That is hurtful, and not at all what I intended. You can be proud of what you've accomplished. Of course it doesn't always go right. You are learning. No one expects you to be perfect."
The frost in John receded. But he closed his eyes, his head pulling back, neck muscles tensing and his shoulders rounded as if to protect him from a blow. When he opened them again, he shook his head. "Please. No."
Sherlock grins, putting a finger to John's lips. "I'll endeavor to be more 'obvious' then."
"Porn double," John says before laughing softly. "Why is that?"
Sherlock leaves several messages over the next several days but unfortunately, it seems his new friends that caused John's changeover have not been in contact. Their emails all send messages something like "out saving the world, will email you at some later time" or something like that.
It's a few minutes before either of them speak. John goes first. "We'll be taking turns then."
Sherlock pushes in slowly at first, carefully until John pushes back and takes him in fully. Sherlock's grip gets tighter on John's waist as he does and he lets out a loud moan. "Let me know when you're ready."
John glares daggers at Sherlock. "You owe me a new jumper. And, I suppose you want an explanation."
Sherlock grins wide. "I thought I was going to have to make the first move."
"Been ready," Sherlock starts, not being able to finish as he shamelessly grinds down on John's fingers, hoping for more friction. "Now, John, do it now."
"You're brilliant," John says, panting.
John takes a hitched breath. "Depends on what you are asking for." It occurs to John within seconds that Sherlock hasn't the slightest clue what he's asking for. She takes a step forward and nods. "Go ahead."
"I think it might be," John replies as Sherlock and him enter the room. "Come on Sherlock, why won't you look at me?"
John doesn't answer with words but with his lips as this time the kiss is more wanting, more desperate. John finds his hands can't stop moving and eventually he's got his hands on Sherlock's satin-covered arse, pulling their hips together in sultry rolls that are driving them both crazy. John reaches forward and latches onto Sherlock's neck with sucking kisses, and when John finds the spot that drives Sherlock to move his hips forward faster for increased friction he sticks with it.
"Take him on case," Lestrade says, rifling through a few files and pulls the one out he's been saving for Sherlock's visit. "You must be bored, it's been two weeks. See if John can remember anything about himself, anything at all. See if he's got any of his skills as a doctor, or if he likes the chase as much as you still. Maybe the memory gap is specific."
"Sorry, a bit peckish today, had quite the workout earlier," Sherlock says with a wink towards John that has John kicking Sherlock from under the table as the detective continues eating.
"Why I shouldn't be sorry," Sherlock says as he takes a few steps, hovering his face very closely over John's. "What was good, well, fine as you concluded." Sherlock reaches down and grabs John's wrist softly. "Why your pulse is elevating and your breathing pattern is changing just because I'm a little closer."
"The intention, however, is appreciated."
"A little, just means more we have to explore," Sherlock says with his best attempt at a reassuring smile spreading across his face. "There's not much I haven't thought about the possibility of trying with you."
John waits until he hears a very soft change in Sherlock's breathing and sees Sherlock actually fall into a deep sleep to even try to lie back down properly and fall asleep himself.
John chuckles. "It took me a case and a half of amnesia to say those things; I'd say that's pretty horrible."
"Would I want to," Sherlock asks before realizing what John is really asking. "You really want that?"
"It would have been better if the guy had meant shit-all to me, but yeah it got better after the first bit," John replies, grabbing round Sherlock's waist and flipping them over again, managing by some miracle with the grip on Sherlock's legs to keep them together, feeling as the long legs curl around his back.
"It was a long time ago, in college everyone experiments," John says, wanting to dodge the topic and get back to something much more pleasurable.
Sherlock blinks a few times before nodding and hurrying off to his own room. John sighs as he ascends the stairs, knowing that this doesn't hold the conversation off forever.
The detective inspector's team laughs as they leave the building and John waits until they are in a cab before he says a word. "That was an interesting case, you know. We should reschedule you soon when you can pay attention."
"Well?" John asks, not knowing what other words to say even as there is a thousand that he could choose from.
"Yeah, yes, of course," Sherlock says, walking away hurriedly to call in Molly.
"Maybe," Sherlock agrees as he kisses John once more softly before his new boyfriend heads off for sleep and he walks to his violin, feeling a composition approach.
Sherlock takes a moment to process before he softly laughs. "Of course, we will. Everything was fantastic, thank you."
"I have to," Sherlock reaches up and pries John's hand out of his hair. "I have to go."
Sometimes when John was around Sherlock noticed changes in his posture, in the way he examined John's appearance day-by-day. Some days he almost felt shy around John, and if nothing else Sherlock prided himself in being utterly forthcoming in speech.
Sherlock nods in sudden understanding, climbing off of John and lying beside him. It is no more than a minute after that Sherlock turns his head to look at John. "Well, are you going to fuck me or not?"
Sherlock can't answer with words but with actions as he dives forward and licks around John's shaft. "I can't distract myself, there aren't enough rooms in my mind palace," Sherlock says as he grasps hold of John's legs and repeats the same motion. "Tell me now if I'm out of line in doing this."
"You're very…enthusiastic," Sherlock mutters as he rests his head closer into the crook of John's neck. He notices John flush a bit and smiles. "No, it's a good thing. I quite liked it. Loved it, actually."
Sherlock resorts to immaturely burying his face in the pillow. A muffled response is all that is heard. "I am not that kind of hungry."
"Oi! Shut it," John says as they come back to the living room, and John does not miss that Sherlock's eyes do not leave him for a moment. "I never actually thought I'd have to say this to you, but my eyes Sherlock – up here!"
John unlatches from Sherlock's neck and admires his work. "It's a good thing you wear scarves," John says as he places a few gentle kisses over the marks he's left. John moves back to look Sherlock in the eyes, the disheveled detective with his mop of curls tangled around his face, something in his eyes begging John to show him what he's supposed to do next. "I need you to stand up."
"Maybe not," John says running his hands over his female body, smoothing down his clothes. "I might have to have a talk with Sherlock."
John takes a deep breath. "Now let's get cleaned up," John says, getting up standing away from the bed.
John finishes first, screaming out Sherlock's name so loud all of Baker Street likely heard before tightening around Sherlock prompting the detective to follow suit within seconds. They both scramble for breath as Sherlock collapses on top of John, forgetting to even remove himself as he cuddles in closer, feeling John's warm arms wrap around him. The first words out of his mouth, however, aren't the best-planned. "I can understand why you were a porn star."
The storm of feelings passed and John’s body loosened against his lover again. Taking a deep breath, he straightened up and looked Sherlock in the eye, watching for his responses.
"Nah. Well, maybe a bit. I'm not sure I can do it without counting out loud."
John watched Sherlock move about the flat, a smile on his face. "Uncle. That's nice. Isn't it, Rosie?" he said conversationally to his daughter.
“I need you to keep your Sherlock company now, will you sweetie?”
She caught his sleeve at the door. "John, you do realize he's going to know, right? Now we both have to keep the secret and that's just not on."
but please come back. really. i don't want to start my life tomorrow with the last thing i remember is us with blood on the ground between us and then you playing that honey gold song for us and telling us THAT and then just disappearng.
"May I?" His face drifted closer.
"Yes?" John walked towards Sherlock.
Young Will lets his father take the black case from him and hurries over. He bumps into a younger girl with honey brown hair who wobbles a bit but smiles at him. He stares intently at her for a moment but does not smile back or apologize. Will tries to discern individual voices in the mass of sounds swirling around him. A voice behind him mutters, "...can't wait until we can break off from these idiotic little kids..." He glances behind him and sees a tall girl with dark brown braids speaking to a neighbor.
Most of John's belongings were tidily stored away in his upstairs bedroom. Sherlock had made a complete inspection of the items in the days following their establishment in the flat, once the initial case was closed. John had resumed his shifts at the clinic, and Sherlock relieved the rising tide of boredom by continuing investigations of his new flatmate. Findings confirmed early assessments. Mending and minimal extent of wardrobe indicated precarious financial situation. Browsing history and selection of stimulatory material in bedstand confirmed bisexual orientation. Cleaned (illegal) gun and ammunition in back of closet however showed a change. Stored accessibly, but not constantly to-hand, it gave Sherlock evidence of an increase in feelings of security and decrease in the need for the (regretably) reassuring presence of a way out, in his flatmate.
Sherlock's head snapped around and he met John's eyes. "Yes. It meant so much to me. I-I felt you with me when I heard it and I wanted to share that with you."
There had always been something else behind John Watson's eyes. A fear or a longing. A searching for something that seemed near and yet far. For the first year of their friendship, it had been the goal of Sherlock's quiet musings to find ways to provoke the look of enrapture that he saw in John when they were fast in pursuit of a perpetrator. Or when the deductions brought them round to the ineluctable truth.
John moved away, grimacing in embarrassment, an apology on his lips. But another surprise, Sherlock shook his head dismissively, and lay his hand on John's shoulder. It lingered there several heartbeats after they separated. A whole 'nother round of emotion swelled within John. He shook himself and smiled. Attempted to get a hold of his rampant feelings.
John tried to speak lightly and flirtatiously, but fell somewhat short. His voice quavered. "You look hungry. Here." He picked up another and leaned forward in the chair to offer it to Sherlock. He held it high, nearer face than hand. Sherlock transferred his attention, hesitated, then leant forward to take a bite. The warmth of his breath skimmed across the back of John's hand. The crunch of the biscuit mirrored a pop in the fireplace and the sudden surge in John's heart rate.
The man puts a gentle hand on Will's shoulder. "Will, I'm sorry you just heard part of what I said to your father. I told him that the group wasn't a good place for you to learn." Will pulls away from his hand. "You can already read music. You don't need the exercises to learn rhythm..."
Ah, that Stardawg weed really uplifted the spirit and unlocked the brain, didn't it? She made a note to thank John's ex, Sarah, again for the recommendation. She felt the kink in her side ease and her snarled shoulders start to release, unlocked by the chemicals and the invigorating activity. She was ready for the day.
"Mate, you realize she's having trouble holding the bits of cheese we give her to eat, right? I don't think she could handle your violin just yet."
Falling asleep on their sofa was Sherlock's thing. Well, laying there in a distant meditation, hands steepled beneath his chin. John suspected his odd flatmate was shamming about half the time he purported to being awake. Even after nearly a year of cohabitating John had his doubts about how anyone could maintain the schedule the rude genius seemed to.
Sherlock closed the door to his bedroom. Tears and kisses still lingered, but they had decided to pause for the night. This was a beginning to much they could share and learn about and heal from together. Time for more on the morrow and the next day and the next...
Pulling up outside of 221 Baker Street, John inhaled deeply. He braced himself for the next steps in the coming ordeal. He'd been in touch with Sherlock and Mrs Hudson by text, but he hadn't been back to the flat as he'd planned. Getting through the work week, chasing the tube, handing off to child care, getting things sorted with patients before taking extended time off, and the bone weariness that underlay it all--had overwhelmed him. His mind filled with the chaotic sprawl of belongings spread around the flat when he left it the prior Sunday.
