, Castiel thinks. The last tracking chip drops into the water with a plink, and he watches as it sinks to the bottom of the bath, light still on and flashing irregularly. Through the hazy bathwater, it looks like a searchlight.
“Uh?” Cas says, squinting. Dean’s face is swimming in front of him. He thinks he might be several steps behind.
“Okay,” Cas says, faux-casually. His fingers grip into his basketball shorts. Dean’s eyes follow the action and he sighs.
“Wait. Jesus, is this because of last time?” Dean says, turning with his whole body to face Cas now. “Do you think we’re going to kick you out?”
Castiel memorizes all this too; the motion of Dean’s Adam’s apple against the skin of his throat, the worn-in thyme and amber from his cologne, his hair limp and devoid of the gel he uses.
Cas makes a lot of his friends by accident. He is usually just standing in line or sitting at a table and suddenly someone wants to help him with something or offers him a drink or wants to know where the nearest 7-Eleven is. Dean and Sam usually watch unhelpfully as he sputters. Now that he’s not an angel anymore, he rarely knows left from right, let alone where the closest barbershop is or what wine goes well with pork loin.
“I wasn’t joking before,” Dean says, breaking the silence. He slides his eyes from Cas’ face to his sensible boots. They’re scuffed. It’s nice that there is something about Cas that is moldable, that can be touched by time. He can lean down and slash a mark in Cas’ shoes and it’ll stay there. Cas would bitch at him, sure, but it’s proof Dean was there, and that he touched him.
The handlers were convinced that there was nothing human left of him as they watched those tiny arms wiggle on the surgery wing’s grey floor. So they decided to turn him into what they wanted: a robot. A gun.
He picked up Dean’s phone from where it was charging on the nightstand to check the time. It’s late. Cas didn’t know how many minutes he should leave as a buffer before going to talk to him, but he figured five might be long enough. So, he gathered himself up and grabbed his own t-shirt from the floor. He put it on and steeled himself to start walking. And here we are, in the kitchen.
Cas looks up at Ellie who's patiently waiting for his order. He looks around the meat shop and straightens when he sees he’s the only one there.
“Oh.” Dean feels drunk, although he hasn’t had anything to drink since they left the house. He keeps his hands on Cas’ shoulders. He keeps his hands on Cas’ shoulders. He
, Castiel thinks as he grabs a sharp knife from the knife block. It looks as unused as the other facets of the apartment, but it’ll work well for this purpose.
"I'm glad to hear it," Castiel says. Understatement. He doesn't think he can actually let that sink in until later, but he grabs Dean hips tighter in response.
“Your giant ham hands could rip her arm right off if you’re not careful, Conan,” Dean says. “Refine the technique first.”
“Just doing some repair,” Castiel says, gesturing to the knives. “These ones need to be sharpened. I noticed that during our hunt tonight.”
“I thought she was visiting Jody,” Dean says, breathing deeply to hide that he got winded stirring cream cheese.
Dean laughs, which is all Cas needs to drop his shoulders from where they’ve been pushing up towards his ears. And the evening continues, and they answer questions about where and why, and Dean’s hand never goes far from his. In the end, that is all he wanted. Just Dean’s thumb, drawing circles on his neck while he talks to Sam and Jody. Just to be loved like this at all.
gentle crow's feet at the corner of her eyes.  Then I deepened the labial fold between her lips and cheek.
Cas has disappeared and Dean is determined to find him!  He enlists Sam's help and really, there wasn't another way to rescue Cas without burning down a perfectly good warehouse!  I've included a walk-through on this piece.
Now… I just need to duplicate this… and resize the spoon!  I think these came out really good.  I hope you think so!
Mostly I wanted to show two strong male lead characters somewhat on different sides of their respective lives.
On Castiel's hand, there wan't as much work.  The work on this part came in taking out the raincoat and putting in the jacket that I show Cas wearing in the picture of them leaving the hospital.
I was really excited when Cassie asked me to provide the graphics for this story.  I worked with her on her 2016 DCBB, Poisk Istiny, that she wrote with Lotrspnfangirl.
The tape surrounding Cas was created with several light and shadow filters -- and much manipulation for shape!
Castiel's dad, again, needed to be a bit older.  First, I looked for a pic that might allow me to age it a bit.
The cartoon-ish bursts are a direct nod to Castiel's profession as a comic book artist.  They were fun to make!
we thought that showing Cas after Dean's tucked him into bed would be a nice way to close out the chapter.
I used the same candelabra and the beer bucket (which I created) that were used on the Party Table.  How I created the Beer Bucket is
Next, I needed to add in Cas.  I found a great pic of Misha, but didn’t like his expression and he was looking the wrong way.
entire hallway, but kept the light that came from the skylights not shown.  Finally, I included the sign designating
The title of this chapter says it all... Oh Christmas tree, Oh, Christmas tree!  And decorating was the word of the day!  When Cassie and I talked about the art for this chapter there were several pieces that I would have liked to do. But, first, the header and the divider.
I chose pancakes as the separator for the first part of chapter 3 to enhance the breakfast our guys share.  To create the sep I was lucky to find a great illustration of a stack of pancakes.
We'd talked extensively about CROSSROADS for several weeks before I started to formulate the graphics plan for this piece.  The cover, for me is always a critical piece.  It's the first thing the reader sees and it should make you want to read the story... it's that extra little pull that cries out, "Read me!" But, the cover, in my opinion should never give away the story!  I feel the same way about titles!  Just like book jackets do for commercial novels.
I’m not going to say more about the story because I don’t want to spoil it… you have to go read it on
And still this fic was whispering to me.  I couldn't resist.  I went back to the DCBB site and peeked again.  It was still unclaimed!  It was a sign... oh, hell, I don't believe in signs, but... yeah.
This image is mostly about the Potions in the pouch.  After creating the original Potions image, just as with the
A lot of people make the mistake of not putting in any shadowing.  The shadowing is what gives final dimensions. Once those were in, I had a final finished image.
Once I took out the backgrounds I was ready to get down to the real work!  First I had to see if these hands would work together to be clasped.  They did with a few manips.
Since Castiel's mom is a good deal older than the actress who plays here, Emily Perkins, I tried to find an
This image represents a critical scene in the story.  I've also included a walk through as to how this image was created.
I added in his signature under the main picture.  Then his contact information and license information to the right of the main image.  To the far right I added in accurate personal information.  I was quite pleased with the results!
Once she did that, she'd added a small scene with Dean noticing Cas's awards in his bedroom.  I thought it would be
And the answer is... the original pic was morning -- and very brightly lit.  I needed a night time shot.
I've had a terrific time working on this story with Cassie!  The graphics for this fic were so  much fun!
Cassie sent me a stash of "porny" pics!  Some of them were just so perfect for what was going on in this chapter...
This image was, actually, the first one of the two intimate images.  For this image I had to blend out the original face (which had a beard) and then fuse Jensen's face over and blend it in which required quite a bit of shading so that he looks as if he's resting on Castiel's chest.  The second partner is not shown but for what is shown in the photo.
I am of the firm belief that every story, every fan-fiction should have a piece of cover art. While we all might say, never judge a book by it's cover... we all do! I think this holds true for Fan Fic, too!
Next task, what would Dean’s handwriting look like?  I’ve got about 50 cursive fonts from which I could choose – and finally found, what I consider, the right one!  I used a font called Cheddar Jack.  Then, I need to pick a color of blue to resemble a standard ink pen that we all have floating around our homes.
So, I did.  What I attempted to do with each of these chapters is pull out some key element that would further entice the reader but not give away the chapter.
Now, I needed a body double.  The one I used is of Daniel Craig and his hands were in a near perfect position to also hold a glass!
This Dean image was taken from a screen capture from Season six.  I manipulated the coloring and saturation levels on the photo and then cropped it to reveal the focus I wanted.
So... next step... make it night.  Now this is easy to say, not so easy to do! And I wanted some warm light shining down on
This cover was difficult not only in the rendering, but in the concept! It took me several weeks to finally hit on the right cover! This story is a Rom-Com set within a case fic. Now, Case Fic -- I'm good with those... Rom-coms, not so much!
This time I added some additional items, the file and badge holder from Chapter 1 so that it could look more
to be sure to capture what Cassie had in her story!  My shopping list included beer, lava cakes (super important),
Both Cassie and I giggled over Dean having to write lines on the blackboard... show of hands for all of you who once had to do this?  M'yeah, thought so!
The one addition I wanted to make to this phone text was showing it in a phone and in Dean's hand.  I also added the background I've used for his kitchen in chapter 8.
As you've seen by now, the chapter headers for this story are a key component to the set up for each chapter.
And that’s where I started!  Finding a good pic of the Impala was fairly easy.  Once I found the one I wanted, I ran it through a two filters that gave me a more sketched look.
before heading out for their fun time going through the corn maze and taking the hay ride at Bergmann's.
and lonely.  And in the fic the guys put the dishes on the coffee table.  I thought about that, the issue is
Laid it in and went to work manipulating the perspectives fore and aft…. Then put in some shadows and painted in the snow around the posts!
Advertisements that were made for the story.  The second one has become a second cover for the repost of April 2017.
The bar photo is extended so that the actual bar is about twice its length.  There was a hookah pipe that both of us wanted
And, seriously, it’s not just a dot of a yellowish color… trust me, I tried that.  Nope.  Not happening.
I was stuck for a background and Cassie helped out big time... she sent me a great pic of a hospital wall, which I added in and blurred.  It really put the guy's hands into focus!
First, I changed the name of the theater.  This is a pic of an actual theater and I didn’t want to use that.
This piece went through several versions.  Cassie and I both had an idea of what we wanted but executing became a whole different ballgame!
Originally, I created just the photo on the phone using various elements include a phone, a hand image, a stainless background and an green color
THIS is a very important pinnacle of the story and I so wanted to do something. There was just so much going on that I had to hone in on the truly key elements of this chapter without giving away all of it.  A walk through on this could be fun but I started this only last night, the night before posting.  Not because I had no time, but because this story is so full but honing in on what I can manip is sometimes an issue.  I'd tried several Dean-centric scenes and did not like the results -- this brain child came yesterday at about four in the afternoon!  At three in the morning I closed the file wrong and lost everything.  So, I started again.  I needed to shorten the warehouse, because I could not find one to my liking, then I had to burn it.  And find a Caddy Escalade and put Sam in the driver's seat.  Oh, and I had to beat up Cas a bit more than the image I found at Home of the Nutty.  Phew!  It was a lot!
This was so easy peasy!  It's from a great photo that Cassondra found that depicted the tip Ketch leaves at the
In discussing this chapter Cassie and I picked out a few areas we wanted to highlight.  I wish I could have done them all, but, alas, there are only so many hours!
There's a ton more work that actually went into this piece!  The original picture was a lot bigger, but not necessary to
So, first order of business – taking out the parts of the pic that I didn’t want.  The man, the sky in the background, the pole and the tree.
You should recognize this from the image of the Novak house back in chapter 10, when Cas and Dean came for Thanksgiving!
Now, chapter one is the only outlier in the style of chapter headers I planned to create.  I kept it to just the simple ‘chapter’ and the number because it was going to be following the cover for the story and I didn’t want the two pieces to compete with each other.
The image of Lucifer in the bar where Castiel's sister has her first party to kick off her wedding celebration was a scene both Cassie and I wanted to depict.
I put a couple off their pins! I have to admit to having quite a bit of fun creating this image!  I hope you like it!
To create the markers used in the scene sep, I started with one.  After isolating the pen, I also isolated the two tips and the two squiggles of ink.  These seps allowed me to change the tips and squiggles to other colors to reflect some of the most used colors in comic book illustrations.
For this Scene Divider I did very little.  Cassie and I found this image through a Google search and she said that it was exactly what she had in mind!
phone photo of the hand, I didn't like how the pouch just floated in the white space between the text.  So, again,
I think I probably spent about 10 hours just looking for the right ones.  I lost count of how many I screen capped, but I know it was more than 20!
The final steps included running the piece through several filters and then stacking the ones that gave me the finish I wanted in various layers of opacity.
I was really lucky -- it was an almost supernatural, divine intervention that I chose Cassondra's story since she and I have worked together before.  I guess, it was meant to be!
appropriate image.  This one is originally of her character in 'When Calls The Heart' which is a Hallmark production.
After much trial and error -- I finally had a concept! And part of it was born out of this absolutely adorable pic I found of J2M horsing around behind the scenes! I've included it at the end of this post.
So.. the first order of the day for me and Cassie was, what should it be.  We kicked around a few ideas... one was using the popcorn again.  Or strewing the popcorn for the divider.  I thought about using ornaments, but kicked that out.  I thought about Christmas lights.  But these weren't quite right.
Castiel's drawing of Dean that appears on the cover of the story was used here as well.  It started with another image from Jensen's photo shoot for China's Harper's Bazaar.
“Cas, you—,” Dean gasps, breaking the kiss and looking him in the eye. “I want to. Have sex with you.”
There’s nothing but the sound of water in the pipes running overhead as Dean sits on this. He sees now he has misjudged something.
“You’ve talked to S—? Alright. Well, guess that makes sense,” Dean says. Both of his hands are clenched in his sheets.
Dean sputters, and really, Cas is thankful enough to start crying right there on the spot. He won’t though. He just shrugs.
“If it were any deeper, it might have needed stitches,” Cas says, not sure of that at all. Jack pales. “But it’s not bad, Jack. Dean and Sam have both had much worse wounds than this and survived.”
“Alright, alright, keep your pants on,” Dean says, looking away from Cas now and turning a little bit red across the tops of his cheeks. True to what Sam said, Cas doesn’t think he’s seen that since 1943 - how Dean always laughs at his jokes, how Dean always leans in a little too close.
“You guys are really something, huh.” Jody says. “Well, I’m very proud of you two. Thank you for trusting us enough to tell us.” She has the comforting presence of someone who is phased by almost nothing, and Cas is struck again by how much he loves her, just in this. Just in letting them pretend this is normal.
Dean sees this new Cas, this human Cas, this less-of-a-wild-animal Cas, across a room and he watches him like someone might do a painting, although he has never had the vocabulary for that. He thinks if he gets too close, he might start seeing the brushstrokes. That there are cracks in Cas that might show something evil inside him, scratching to get out, parts of the Empty that never quite cleared customs. He will realize that no matter how close he gets to Cas, it will always be just Cas, looking back at him. And looking.
“I have another box in the garage fridge because I knew this would happen,” Dean is saying. “Don’t eat everything else on this table while I’m gone,” he finishes, glaring at him in a half-serious way. Then, with one flash of his waist apron, he disappears.
“I’ll show you sweet,” Dean mutters as he turns and cuts a thick slice of the fluffy beer bread. He takes a second to marvel that
Cas steers him to the gazebo with a hand on his sleeve, and Dean doggedly follows him until they’re both parked on a bench in the gazebo, looking out at the tiny pond and the dark ghost of the building next to them. It’s well into the night now, the sun tucked directly under the horizon and the stars bright and shining. If Dean had the mind to, he would pull out his old tricks and tuck his arm over Cas’ shoulder, pointing out the constellations he recognized. Cas probably knows all of them already. Maybe even created a few.
Crowley brings something dark out of his bag and flips it open. Cas can see the red cover, knows what that means. Cas knows every single word of what’s about to happen, can see it unfolded in front of him like an ugly puzzle. He just hopes he can kill Crowley before-
“Do you know where I used to go when I left you before?” Cas says. He is staring up at the ceiling of their room, eyes wide open. It’s not really a question.
“This doesn’t have to end in a fight, Cas,” Dean says. His voice is deep and gravelly and desperate. Castiel has heard his name said by this man a thousand different ways. He’s been susceptible to every single one.
After the movie ended, everyone in the bunker moves silently to their separate rooms. Dean unbuttons Cas’ shirt and peels it off of him slowly, nakedly enjoying his shoulders and chest. They put some laundry on and brush their teeth next to each other and now they are just resting, looking at each other in the dark, not so much waiting for sleep to come but not minding its return. It’s late.
“Cas is cooking tonight,” Sam says as soon as Dean bustles in from his weekly grocery trip, knocking the door shut behind him with the tip of his boot. He, in typical Dean fashion, refused to do more than one trip to the car and back, and therefore hisses as he eases the ten or so bags off his arms. Jack, who had been waiting patiently at the table, dives in immediately, pawing through the contents like a raccoon.
“Oh?” Jody says, swallowing and taking a sip from her wine. Claire breaks away from where she’s been smiling at Kaia and raises her eyebrows. Sam and Jack smile at Cas encouragingly, and Jack even gives him a thumbs up from under the table. Cas is grateful for them, but he also wishes he could melt into the floor.
Dean breaks the kiss, leaning his sweaty forehead on Cas’ sweaty, human forehead, and he pinches his own inner thigh hard. Not a dream.
“What?” Dean says. He drops the smile and buries his face in the fridge, looking for the nice farmer’s market heirloom tomatoes he had Cas buy. The ones at the store are too mushy.
He holds his hands out wordlessly and waits for Dean to hand him some of his favorite heirloom tomatoes and a sharp knife, and he cuts them into thin slices. He heaps them carefully on a plate and rips a pile of romaine into handfuls next.
“Nah, Sam is in the frozen food aisle with Jack. They’re picking out popsicle flavors or something. Those are alright, but personally, I’m more of a Rocky Road fan myself,” Dean says, nudging Castiel’s arm and raising his eyebrows like
“Dean?” Cas says cautiously. Dean had sagged into Cas’ hands without realizing it. Dean straightens up and Cas keeps rearranging his limbs to where they’re supposed to go and winds Dean’s arm back for his turn.
“I wish you could too,” The Empty says to him. The voice is Balthazar's this time. It has seemingly run out of all the people he's killed to torture them with, so it goes between Balthazar, Anna, and Dean. He ignores it and tries to shut what he thinks are his eyes. He does so for what feels like seconds, hours, years, millennia until he’s sure he’s alone again.
“Sounds like a plan,” Dean says. He comes around to Cas’ side to peek at his screen. Cas, the teenage girl he is, moves the screen away so Dean can’t see.
Dean tries to imagine a life without monsters, a life on a farm, like the one Cain had. Some chickens, maybe some sheep. Dean might only have one rifle, hung over the door, for when the coyotes try to get his hens. Sam could maybe pop in every so often, eat enough for four people before staggering home.
Dean considers the shifting lake, the sky, the wide and pale moon. He considers the warm breeze, the smell of smoke from someone’s campfire as they barbecue dinner, a radio left on blaring a shitty pop song. Humanity at its core — a man-made lake, a campfire in the distance, someone humming quietly beside you.
“You could say that,” Cas says, smiling again, lips closed tight. Some personal reference, something just for him.
“I think a lot of the finer details of horror novels are lost on me. At no point do I think they are in true danger,” Cas says, eyes down on the book, lips pursed. “All I am truly thinking is that if they had some sort of salt circle or sigil, they wouldn’t be in this predicament,” Cas frowns. “I could be overthinking it.”
Sometimes Dean wants to watch Cas drive his car, resting his elbow on the open window. Dean wants to watch Cas back up, his neck craned as he sees over the seats. Maybe his jacket is off and his shirt is rolled up, maybe to his elbows. Maybe he is wearing sunglasses too, those smaller ones that make him look like some kind of movie star. Maybe Cas looks at him when he’s driving and maybe he smiles at Dean, large and wide and uncomplicated. Maybe Cas calls him Dean in that voice of his. Maybe he watches Cas’ mouth form every letter.
Dean tsked, placing his hands on either side of Cas’ ribcage and leaving them there. They feel like two warm spots on his chest, two separate heartbeats. “You joke, but you should’ve seen him growing up. Geez, I almost got my head bitten off every time I talked to him under the age of seventeen.”
When the asset is finally brought to a doctor for the first time in seventy years, a friend of Iron Man’s Charlie Bradbury, the doctor has to leave the room to cry.
“Gross,” Sam said, snapping back into his little brother mode so seamlessly it was like the other conversation never existed. Cas always marveled at the intricacies of human communication, but this felt troubling. Dean came over to him a second later to put a light hand on his shoulder and turn him toward the theatre entrance, and Cas saw Sam hunch over again as he turned, his eyes on the exits.
The carrier starts shattering into pieces around them. The asset is ready to die, The asset shakes his head. His head hurts, probably because he got punched a hundred times by a super soldier. He feels like he should be hurting him back, so the asset tries. He tries balling his fist, he tries to bring it down, he tries -
When it comes 一 and it does come, sure as the worms tilling the Earth and the saltwater eroding stone一 Castiel can walk endless grocery stores in his mind. He can walk the grounds of the bunker and identify every single rock he picks up. He can sit in the Bunker’s kitchen and cook a whole meal from the ingredients he knows sit on the pantry shelves. He can whistle every bird in Kansas’ song and imagine them all whistling back to him at once in a beautiful symphony of sound.
“This is just another Friday night, Cas,” Dean says with the bravado of a man who isn’t 100% sure of what he’s saying. “It’s just dinner.”
He doesn’t think about how sometimes he wants to be useless, how he wants someone to tell him it’s okay all the same. He doesn’t think about D
“It’s certainly a nice car,” Cas says. Its sleek lines and steel accents shine as the light hits it just so. It’s a car he can see Dean driving, see Sam in the passenger seat, see himself in the backseat, watching them both.
“Even if I were to miss being an angel, no amount of food would make me feel better about my choice,” Cas says. He drums his fingers on the table, looking out towards the next room, where Dean was clanging around and swearing in the garage.
“Jeez, Cas,” Dean says, breathing deeply against his beating heart. Cas tilts his head tiredly and doesn’t say anything. Dean thinks about trying the movie thing again — it’s just a movie, we could watch it in the Dean Cave in silence, I swear you wouldn’t have to say a word — before Cas walks up to him and places a hand on his shoulder.
He shakes his head against the thought. Dean and Sam have never been his owners. They were his friends and they would help him no matter what. He thinks this as loud as he can until it tunes out everything else. He is not a dog. He is not owned.
Everyone knows the story after that. Dean visited Dr. Singer, a surgeon specializing in a little-known chemical that promised to cure Dean’s internal scarring and elevate his abilities to the super-human level. Dean agreed, and Captain America was born on a metal slab, crying for his dead father and his little brother.
“Where is Eileen, by the way? I wanted to finally meet her,” Jody says, mouth muffled by a recent spoonful of Cas’ Cobb salad. She covers her mouth as she chews and swallows. “I’ve heard good things, Sam. Don’t keep her away from me.”
“It appears like she wants short-ribs,” Cas says, checking his phone one more time before slipping it back into his jeans.
Dean surveys Cas digging through the box like a raccoon. Maybe he’ll pick up some Tchaikovsky next time he’s at that record store near Kansas City. They have a little cassette section. Maybe whatever Cas picks, he’ll get more of that too.
Sam clears his throat. Dean pauses his internal monologue to look over his shoulder, where Jack is looking over Sam’s research quietly and Sam is making the biggest
everything’s fine, Castiel,” Jack says. He is pouting. “I just remember a time I could’ve healed it as soon as it happened.” He flexes his hand again, causing blood to rush to the surface and pool in red drops. Cas hands him a clean hand towel and Jack dries the cut, frowning.
“I want you to know whatever you say, I understand your opinion and I respect it, but I’m doing something for Jack and I,” Cas says, now looking squarely at Dean. Dean, being vaguely acquainted with the notion of passing out, is thinking that this is how it starts.
“Hell, do gay bars have karaoke night?” Dean says. “You and me and Sam and Jack. A regular barbershop quartet.”
They roll up to the bowling alley about an hour later, Baby’s tires crunching through the gravel of the mostly empty parking lot.
“Eileen was saying the other day that she wanted to try shiatsu massage, so I looked it up and borrowed a book about it. Like, how hard could it be, right?” Sam is saying, wiping beer cheese off his mouth with a napkin.
“Jesus, it’s like a funhouse mirror with you two,” Dean says, resting his hip on the doorway. He’s changed out of his dirty clothes and into a nice grey t-shirt and a relatively wrinkle-free red flannel. He looks nice, Cas thinks, running his eyes down his form and hugging his crossed arms closer. He even shaved. “You sure you’re not the father, Maury?”
made that, and shows it to Sam. “This is a working man’s bread, Sammy. This practically deserves a friggin’ merit badge. ”
“Yeah,” Dean bristles. He’s closing off already, his shoulders rounding. “I’m going to take that as a no, then. Good talk.”
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean says, muffled. His head is buried deep in their cabinets, looking for something. He pulls back far enough to sneak a quick peek at Cas’ expression before going back in.
“He’s a tough guy, Doc!” Dean says proudly, slapping Cas’ flesh shoulder. The doctor, Sam, and Cas all turn to look at him, and he retracts his arm after a second of silence.
“Heard you can catch a catfish the size of a toddler in there,” Dean says finally, nodding towards the reservoir, the shifting waters, the rocky beach below it. He’s pretty sure he’s heard that.
“Geek,” Dean coughs into his hand. Sam glowers at him, flips him off, and opens the passenger door roughly to slide in.
Castiel isn’t quite sure how he managed to start this conversation without saying a single word, but he’s glad it happened. He’s also glad this is happening, Dean’s hands warm on the swell of his lower back and Cas’ hands on those broad shoulders. Cas imagines himself ten years ago, watching this man from the corner of his eye, hoping he wouldn’t turn away if he looked too long. He thinks about that Castiel, a Castiel with a pillar of salt as a spine. One look back and it all collapsed.
The door glides open silently, and the woman places him underneath a spotlight in the middle of the room and then departs without a word. Crowley sits at a short metal desk across from where Cas sits and opens a notebook and a recorder in front of him. He places his bag, a black leather suitcase, delicately on the table. He clicks a pen and starts writing.
“Uh, there’s a big story behind it, which we can get into later. But the gist is,” Dean says, grabbing Cas’ hand from where it rests on the table. “Uh. We. Cas and I.”
“Come on, man. Thirteen years in my car, you have no idea what bands you like?” Dean says, cutting a look over to him. Cas has a particularly guilty expression, just visible in the orange glow of the streetlamps. “I see that look. Pick whatever. I won’t get bitchy about it.”
“Of course,” Cas says anyway. Ellie waves at him goodbye. There will be a next time, he thinks. That thought alone is enough to warm him the entire ride home.
,” Crowley says in terrible Russian. It’s apparently effective enough as Castiel can feel his body stiffen at the words, can feel his mind start to cloud over. He hasn’t felt like this in years, like he’s watching his body move on its own. He yells for it to stop, any of it.
“That’s not fair,” Dean says quietly. Cas must know about Dean’s… affliction, this is just painful confirmation of it. Cas must see this love all over him like a stain.
They fall into an easy silence. There’s a buzzing that Dean can barely hear, moths and mosquitos bumping up against the lights above him. He’s surprised he hasn’t been bit yet, even with all his layers on. Maybe Cas is a living mosquito repellant, just a little too inhuman to get blood from. Maybe the mosquitos would be baptized after. Maybe they’d go to bug heaven.
“Better than Taco Bell,” Sam says, finishing it off in another couple bites and shaking the onions off his pants. “Is all of this free reign?”
Dean flicks on the lights. Castiel has been doing this memorizing in the dark, where he can see perfectly fine, but he realizes it might be disconcerting. He performatively squints his eyes against the sudden light and the confusion on Dean’S face.
“It’s me,” Dean says from behind a closed door. It’s been a couple months of living in the houses. Cas has read approximately a hundred of the e-books Charlie put on his iPad for him. He’s sitting in the sunroom at the moment, a small room right off the patio with a view of their field.
The first thing Jody says when they settle in the living room is “Claire’s nervous.” She tucks her hands into the pockets of her jeans. In a strange twist of fate, she is dressed in almost the exact same clothes as Dean. Cas is wearing his old white button down and a pair of brown pants and feels underdressed.
The ribs taste good when he bites into them. It’s terrifying. He has a single bite and gives the rest to Sam. Dean watches him out of the corner of his eye, like he’s on a case and Castiel is the ghost to be exorcised.
They’re not very big. True to Dean’s word, It’s two single story houses with most of its acreage being dense, thick forest. Dean goes into the city a couple times a month to visit Cassie and meet with SHIELD. Sam does his research and spends his days talking with the professor of History at the local college. There’s enough room out back for a garden, which Cas could spend his time tending to when he’s not sleeping, reading, or getting fat off of Dean’s cooking.
He knows what this younger Dean's deal is, he knows why he’s there. Without younger Dean, he is a bag of wet skin and gristle. That Dean got him out of hell, got him past the thousand tiny apocalypses, that Dean watched his father die, that Dean held his dead brother’s body for hours until it cooled and then sold his life for him. He knows that Dean is ferocious over what is his. But sometimes—
Claire hugs Cas goodbye, and she hugs Dean goodbye, and then she’s gone. Jody waves goodbye to everyone, and Kaia awkwardly thanks everyone for inviting her, and Dean pulls her into a hug too, because she’s part of Dean’s always-evolving definition of family permanently. Even if she and Claire broke up, Kaia would be part of that elusive group Dean would sacrifice himself for without a second thought. Kaia nods like she knows, and then she is gone too, disappeared into the Kansas rain.
“I think they turned out okay,” Kaia says, putting the bowl on the counter next to the donuts. She unwraps the tin foil, and there are indeed a couple of heads of cauliflower in there, covered in batter and what appears to be Frank’s Red Hot. “We’ll need to put them in the oven to warm up again.”
“I just never realised how he acts around you, Cas. It’s sweet,” Jody says, nodding toward where Dean is yelling at Claire to grab his umbrella. “If I were you, I might just pursue that avenue. I know Dean can seem like a pretty hard-headed dude, but he’s a softie under it all.”
“Oh,” Dean stalls. Someone hits the back of their cart, and Cas and Dean both glare at the interloper. The perp, an old woman, glares back as she wheels around them.
Dean always announces himself before he enters a room, like somehow Cas wouldn’t have guessed it was him. Cas supposes it’s for good reason, as the first time Dean burst in on him without knocking he almost tackled him to the ground. It’s much more peaceful this way.
Of course, Dean picks that peaceful, quiet moment to come back rumbling into the room. Cas’ eyes go to him, following him as he goes about the kitchen.
“Sure you’ll be fine. I’m talking about me, you diva,” Dean says, nudging his arm. “I want some R&R. I was talking to Sam, he wants some too. Apparently SHIELD’s had him doing archive work since he was unfrozen. It sounds friggin’ awful.”
“Dean,” Cas starts, sounding like a speech he’s rehearsed, like it’s step one in his twelve steps of Alcoholics Anonymous. The silence bends to him. “I am sorry I haven’t been more forthcoming with what I’ve been up to.”
Dean sat up then, his upper body naked and covered in goosebumps. Cas leaned back to look at him, propping his head on his hand. He watched as Dean massaged his fingers, one by one. He didn’t make eye contact.
“Great. Just keep me in the know when you’re done, don’t want to Snape-Kills-Dumbledore you, you know,” Dean says, itching the back of his neck. “Uh, you hungry? I got BLTs on the brain.”
After everyone leaves, everyone else goes to the Dean Cave to watch Lost Boys, and Cas lays his head on Dean’s collarbone and Dean spends the whole movie drawing figure eights in Cas’ arm hair, lost in thought.
If they do, he gives his most uneasy smile until they get the message and leave him to peruse the peanut butter aisle alone. He just goes back to looking at the ingredients for smooth-style Skippy.
He’s been looking at Cas like he’s starving for the last thirteen years. He knows this. There’s a giant, invisible animal that waits between them, and Dean is afraid to move because it might rip his throat out. Dean is a friggin’ scarecrow held together with duct tape and bad whiskey. If Cas knew—
When he goes to kill Dean Winchester, the asset finds that he is crying. He wipes the tears off his cheek and looks down at his wet fingers. Malfunctioning, he thinks. He keeps moving.
“You ate all the mozzarella sticks, you friggin' animal,” Dean says, frowning. He points back at Cas, who is enjoying a piece of cornbread rapturously. “Cas didn’t even get to try one.”
“You know, domestic goddess, Ina Garten. You’re two doilies away from being on the cover of Better Home and Gardens.”
“Cas?” Dean says gently, somehow much closer since Cas saw him across the kitchen a second ago. A pair of calloused hands gently pry his arm off his face, revealing a heartbroken Dean Winchester. “I’m sorry, Cas. You know none of that was because of you, because believe me, I wanted to. Especially with you.
“It would certainly seem so,” Dr. Kerubin says after a moment. “The arm is putting immense amounts of strain on your spine, Mr. Novak. I imagine it is because of HYDRA freezing you so often that it hasn’t started impacting your spinal cord.”
He would not admit it to present company, but cooking feels good to Dean. He likes being able to create whatever his family wants specifically for them, likes seeing their faces when he nails it. He likes sitting at the table and reading whatever paperback he found at Goodwill while a soup is bubbling or a roast is roasting or something is marinating in the fridge. He likes washing dishes, even as he complains about it. What the other occupants of the bunker don’t know is that Dean would work for hours for them, quietly, deep in the kitchen overnight. He will pass the final product off as no big deal, despite it taking him eleven hours and very little sleep. If Jack requests a lasagna for his first meal home, and Dean isn’t doing anything that day, and he found a perfect recipe from Giada, then who gives a crap.
With that, Cas turns tail and heads to the lane christened with a single yellow neon star. Dean scampers after him, grimacing at one of the moms as she smirks at him from her lane.
“Yeah, you do,” Dean insists. He looks, suddenly, like his heart has been ripped from its dark hiding place and thrown into the unforgiving sun. And then all the doors explode inwards at once.
“There’s nothing that would make me happier,” Cas says, something bitter twisting the corner of his mouth. He looks down at the dirt below their feet.
“You text Jody, but not me?” Dean says, affronted. Usually he just suffers his jealousy in silence, but his tongue has been loosened by ten or twelve Sour Patch Kids and a nice evening.
“Ready to go?” Dean says, facing him again sheepishly. “Charlie burned us a couple tapes apparently. It’s a long way to Kansas.”
He stretches his arms out in a yawn and watches the side of Cas’ face as he looks out into the darkness. He really is a handsome sonuvabitch. He could be the talk of the town at any bar he ever went to, but he’s here with Dean in a gazebo, watching the stars with him.
“I wasn’t doing anything else,” Castiel says. “It is either this or waiting outside until the sun comes up.” Castiel does indeed do this, but he tries to make it sound like a joke.
“Huh. Yeah. Well, I don’t have else much to do,” Dean chuckles, looking almost bashful. He watches Cas out of the corner of his eye, like he might disappear if he looked away. Ten years ago, Cas might've, overcome with an emotion he couldn’t assign a name to.
When they tell Sam, he shrugs a shoulder and continues reading something on his iPad. Dean throws one of Cas’ decorative pillows at his head. They go out later and buy more pillows and conditioner and a single tea towel.
He doesn’t. He stews in his own self-pity until he’s practically bathing in it. Cas looks like he doesn’t know what to say, scuffling his feet on the ground, whistling sighs through his teeth.
He remembers being raised from slumber laid neatly between two of his siblings. He remembers it being so
It’s not like the thought didn’t cross his mind, especially as he heals more completely. What remains of his arm is fully healed and he is getting used to life using only one arm. The phantom pains, as always, hurt and he gets less sleep than is prescribed, but he is hopeful for his future. For once.
“Well, it certainly seems like the truth,” says Dean. He can feel a hard, cold pearl of anger in his chest form. He wants to give into it, say something petty and mean, to make Cas feel how he feels when Cas leaves him. He shouldn’t. He shouldn’t.
Cas takes a second to break out of his stupor, looking down at himself with a seemingly surprised glance. He pats his chest and legs absentmindedly as he finally looks at Dean. “I’m... okay.”
“You’re very handsome,” Castiel says. Dean looks like he’s battling between laughing and yelling and crying, so he just looks at the floor of nothingness in the Empty and ends up halfway smiling. The blood makes his teeth red. It’s… compelling.
The game goes on for ten frames, Cas explains patiently as they bowl. Each frame is three tries. A strike is when you knock all of the suckers down on the first try. A spare is when you knock half down on one try and the other half on the other. Cas bowls two strikes, one after the other, as he explains. The scoreboard above them has a variety of different stupid animations to celebrate this.
“Wish you’d stop leaving,” Dean says, muffled into Castiel’s neck. Castiel can feel every puff of breath, every movement of Dean’s lips against his carotid artery. He can feel the jump of his heartbeat in his neck. It’s pumping rather hard. Everything is pumping really hard, actually.
in perfect accentless French, and then he doesn’t resurface until he’s in a mysterious apartment, the keys still hanging from his fingers.
“Is it me?” Dean says. His voice breaks again, and he suddenly feels like he’s an inch tall and ten years old again.
He uses his non-existent lungs to take a deep breath. Wow, the smells are even similar. If it’s all going to be this easy, then he’ll have no problem trying to entertain himself for eternity.
“You’re telling me,” Sam mutters under his breath while taking a sip of his wine. Cas and Dean both pretend not to hear him.
They aim to make it back just before 1:30AM. His old mixtape fills in all of the silences Dean wishes he could fill. When it flips to "Going to California," it makes Dean feel like he’s going to turn off the highway into one of these cornfields and just stay there, shucking corn and riding his tractor and making his own cornbread until he bites it.
“Sorry man, was just… somewhere else,” Sam says, mouthing his apology to Cas. Cas, the mensch that he is, shrugs.
“How can I help?” Cas says finally. Dean looks back in slight shock. He looks very sleep-wrinkled, and he’s shivering in the frigid air, and he looks so much like a younger version of him that Cas has never seen that Cas just wants to move on. To forget this ever happened, and to let this fester between them like a wound.
“Let’s go to bed, hey. It’s late,” Dean says, feeling like he should be something like an adult. He and Cas usher Jack to his bedroom, turning out the kitchen and hallway lights on the way. Before Cas can disappear into Jack’s bedroom to talk about things Dean isn’t allowed to know about, he grabs Cas’ arm and holds him back. Jack stumbles into his bedroom, oblivious.
“I know that,” Sam says kindly. “And I think Dean knows that too. This is more of a… nesting instinct, I think.” He waits for a second for Cas to digest this, which he does while staring at the desiccated remains of the crab he tore apart.
Castiel shrugs. He rather not say that he can hear every person’s heartbeat for a quarter mile. Dean might have some strange issue with that knowledge.
Dean thinks about how telling Cas will go many times a day. He thinks about slamming Cas into a wall, breaking his nose, kissing him lights-out. He thinks about taking the book out of Cas’ hands and sinking into his lap. He
He even thinks he’s hungry. How odd. Castiel dwells on the gnawing pit inside his stomach and vows to think about it later.
The man looks around at the empty airplane hanger and, finding it satisfactory, comes closer to the cube, hands in the pockets of his long, black coat. Cas watches him move carefully. His hair keeps getting in his eyes, but he doesn’t move to fix it.
All of the emergency lights in the room snap on, red and flashing, and shrill alarms go off on all sides of this room. He looks to Crowley, who looks nonplussed. Castiel is starting to have a sinking feeling in his gut, a remnant of his army days. The silence before the gunfire. The second between hitting the ground and the bomb going off.
“Hold on, hold on,” Dean says, grabbing the cart and moving it to the fruit aisle. He plonks them down between the grapefruits and the oranges, where there’s a brief respite in the crowd. He waves the soccer mom by them, which she rolls her eyes at. Whatever.
Now, there is very little else Cas wants to do but to sway into his space and put his fingers down one by one on Dean’s collar to feel the heat of him underneath. He wants to tuck his hands in between Dean’s shirts, to smile coyly up at him like those women in bars do when they see a handsome man. He wants to know that him being there in Dean’s personal space is exactly what Dean came tonight to accomplish. That all Dean wanted was to woo a man like him. That Dean was looking his way all night.
“He said he’s “trying something new,’” Sam says, complete with air quotes. He pushes his hair behind his ears as Jack wanders back in to grab the next grocery item, eyes obviously peeled for the gummy worms Dean always gets him.
“Sam,” Cas says stiltedly. It’s one of the only things he could say at the time. He’s not an outwardly emotional person, especially not when Dean isn’t involved. Even when Dean is involved, it takes a little push to get Cas talking about what he feels and he is usually rewarded with a piece of cake or a sandwich or something after.
Cas looks skeptical, but he starts digging anyway. Dean knows that Cas pretends to be so otherworldly sometimes, but he must have some sort of music preference. Not that there’s a wide breadth of musical genres in that crumpled box, but there’s enough for a man to have opinions. Just no Tchaikovsky or anything like that.
a traitorous thought escapes. He lets it. The world could end any moment, what’s a little showboating to try and make his guy blush?
“What will it take to have you stay with us, huh?” Dean asks. “A padded cell? Tranquilizers? It’ll kill me but I’ll do it, Cas. I’ll do anything.”
He missed her a lot. For a while, he thought his paternal feelings for her were remnants of Jimmy floating around in his vessel, but he thinks that even if they were, he still has them. Those feelings are still his, ten years after Jimmy permanently left the building, so to speak. She gives him a squeeze as she lets go and then points over her shoulder to Kaia, who waves awkwardly.
“What?” Cas whispers. His thoughts of packing and gangs drift away. His arm is squeezing the armchair’s armrest so hard he can feel the wood crack underneath the upholstery. “Uh?”
“Are you having a good time, Cas?” Jack says. His voice is tinny and cracking on speakerphone, but Cas seems to be understanding every broken word.
“Oh, real mature,” Dean says, and Cas does the Cas equivalent of sticking his tongue out at him, which is to smile very, very slightly. It’s exhilarating.
“Yes way,” Dean counters. “Dating.” He holds up their two hands like they won a race. Both of them are very stiff.
“Bowling?” Dean says, caught off guard. “I think Sammy got invited to go for a birthday party once. Why?”
Dean takes a peek at his watch as he shakes out his numb leg. It’s just past midnight. They’ll get home around 1-ish. The world is spinning a little bit and he shakes his head to clear the fuzzies. He doesn’t know if he’ll even be able to sleep tonight. He remembers telling Jack that sometimes you get so sleepy that you’re not even tired. You want something so bad and you can’t even let yourself have it.
Castiel Novak had been drafted for the war in ‘42. He, along with Sam Winchester, had been sent to the Western Theatre while Dean was left behind. This was the catalyst for the force that was Captain America - Dean’s fear of abandonment, the guilt of not dedicating his life to the cause, the uselessness of his own body not being good enough to fight.
Castiel hadn’t been aware that was an option. He shouldn’t, as he feels he is on a tightrope and cannot chance an opportunity to be dragged back down to darkness. But it’s his family. Would they notice if something was wrong? Would he even want them to?
It turns out being turned into a ruthless killing machine and being frozen and unfrozen for dozens of years confuses your body down to its base level. It starts thinking cold is hot, sour is nauseating, that pain is necessary for function.
“Hey, on that note,” Dean says, wiping his hands on a paper napkin and setting his elbows on the table, disrupting Cas’ train of thought. He looks at Cas, and Cas squints his eyes in confusion. “Cas and I have a little something we want to share with you guys.”
They leave the bowling alley in pleasant silence, letting the night swallow the chatter and liveliness behind them, and they get back into the car.
There’s a snap of a twig behind the pair of them. When Castiel peels open his eyes, the fawn-colored bunny winks one of its intelligent eyes at him. Castiel places his chin onto Dean’s shoulder and nods back. And then it is gone.
“There are burgers, two kinds of pie — apple and cherry, chicken tacos. I wasn’t sure if you were allergic to anything —,” he waits for Castiel’s shrug before continuing, “but I boiled up some crab, crawfish and some prawns, butter, lemon. I made a chocolate cake just in case you prefer it more than pie,” he scoffs here, can’t help himself. “A salad. I put as much ranch dressing as I could so I could piss off Sam. You don’t have to eat that. I tried to roast some brisket, but the smoker was jacked up so I just bought that from up the road,” he points to a glistening pile of meats, slightly steaming in the cold air. “Kansas City-style, it’s a little sweeter than your Texas-style.”
“You’re kind of a mess, Cas,” Dean says finally, gesturing with his hand to where the x-rays of his shoulder joint lay. Apparently Cas’ reinforced spine is way too thick and very crudely made, and his shoulder bone has completely calcified a thin layer of bone over the implanted metal joint, which breaks every time he moves the arm. Apparently it’s very painful. Cas wouldn’t know.
Cas feels happy for a bright, brilliant second. It’s as foreign as anything else is these days, but he carefully smiles back at Dean, using all the muscles a human would use. Dean looks pleased, pursing his lips in a smile and looking down at his lap.
“Tell me, Cas,” Crowley starts. Cas rankles at the nickname coming from this unfamiliar man’s mouth. “You’ve experienced a great big load of bullshit, eh?”
“Everything needs to live,” Cas muses. He shifts his weight slightly, and Dean can feel every inch Cas wanders into. “Even algae.”
“Yeah, if seeing some eighty-year-old named Don throw out his hip enriches your life,” Dean snorts. Cas looks unimpressed. Dean changes his course. “But yeah. Of course, Cas. I’m game.”
Dean wonders what he would’ve done if Cas had gone to the Empty in that gazebo. Probably would’ve tried to grab his arm and go with him. Probably would’ve stayed there for weeks if he couldn’t, a guard dog looking for his last resting spot.
“Home?” Dean says finally. Cas is a couple of inches closer to him than normal. His breath smells like the candy they got from the vending machine right before they left, right next to the giggling moms. There was a blonde one wearing a hockey jersey that looked at Cas with barely disguised interest, and Dean scowled right back at her as Cas punched in the number for Sour Patch Kids into the machine, oblivious.
Dean shudders as Castiel puts his hand on his elbow, and sways forward into Cas’ personal space. Dean rubs his eyes with his fingers, most likely to hide his tears, and Castiel wishes he wouldn’t. It’s just the two of them. Tears are very human. Dean would be mistaken if he thought Castiel thought worse of him for it.
“It depends on what your definition of the word is,” Cas says quietly, which doesn’t make any damn sense at all. Dean turns the car on without another word and peels out of the driving lot of Three Graves Lanes, kicking up gravel and dust behind them. Conversation over. Dean works his hands out of the death grip they have on the wheel.
“He also, you know, missed you a whole lot,” Sam says, biting into a chicken wing. Lemon pepper. Dean
“Cas?” Dean says worriedly. Cas’ eyes start darting around the courtyard frantically, obviously looking for something. “Cas, do you see something?”
“Dean,” Cas says, annoyed. Dean was always a hoverer, someone to give you blankets and watch over you when you were sick. “I don’t want to be your pet project. I’ll be fine.”
“Come in,” he says, trying to sound nonchalant. He digs the needle into his pants and casually puts it beside him on the bed. He leans back, a little bit. Lengthens his neck.
“I wish you could’ve perceived my true form,” Cas says, looking immeasurably sad, his thumb on Dean’s bottom lip. “I was one of the first creatures on Earth. I was fearfully and wonderfully constructed by God, and now not an angel exists that remembers me as I was.”
It had been a week since he and Jack saved Cas, tearing Cas’ grace to shreds and relieving Jack of God duty in order to get him out. Dean slept in the chair in Cas’ room for his first few days back, watching him every time he shifted in his sleep. He left only at Sam’s urging.
Dean sneaks a peek at Cas through the corner of his eye to see Cas peeking back at him. They both look away. Jeez, what a pair.
“Jesus, Cas. I knew you meant it romantically,” Dean says, wanting to put his hands on his face. “I’ve been too chicken to say anything about it.”
“It’s possible,” Cas says.  His sweater is camel-colored and worn through. That and the black reading glasses Dean bought him when he realized Cas can’t see, makes him look like a college professor in some 1940’s movie. He looks like a young Gregory Peck, missing the white three-piece suit. Handsome, Dean guesses. He looks handsome. “How about you?”
“I know you and Sam like to have your own space, and Jack and I don’t want to intrude, but being here is going to make us the happiest,” Cas says. He peeks at Dean’s face for a second before looking in another direction.
, is much more filled out, and the asset reads how they met, how Castiel saved Dean and Sam from school bullies, how they would sit on the curb next to him every day after. How Dean would try and get Castiel to date girls from their school, how that would fail, how they would all sit and talk and read in the Winchester’s dark, empty house.
The final time, after thousands of imitators in identical patriotic suits were killed and the asset had gotten every inch of his suit coated in blood, they asked him to kill Captain America and he complied without hesitating. When he was done ripping the proxy’s head off his shoulders, he dropped it, stood up, and waited for further instruction. He was perfect, as malleable as clay and stronger than any other man before him.
As he walks through the streets, and the sun is rising, and the humans are in line for their coffee and laughing and not covered in blood and river water, he lets some deep instinct take over him. He lets his shoulders relax and his spine straighten and when a woman hits his shoulder and apologizes, he doesn’t kill her. He inclines his head and says
“See you soon, Cas. Bring Mr. Handsome in here next time, I want to trade recipes,” Ellie says, winking a long-lashed eye at him. The doorbell chimes behind him, and the mother of the town auto mechanic comes bustling in. Dean talks to her sometimes when they’re both in line at the Family Dollar. She and Ellie start talking rapid fire about Thanksgiving, something about stuffing preparation.
“Tastes good though. Nothin’ like crab legs on a hot summer day. Remind me to do that sometime,” he says, wiping his mouth with his arm and tossing the shell back in the middle of the table. He rubs his buttery hands together, looking at all of the other options.
“Subs! Nothing like a midnight sub, right?” Dean says, looking adamantly at the wall beside Cas’ head. Cas nods, sighing. The noises of the bunker at night — the clanking of the pipes, the rain against the door above them — amplify in the quiet. It makes Cas feel like he is the belly of some large, lumbering beast, or deep in the earth, mining something precious from the ground.
“You see that?” Dean says as he disengages from where he was resting on the wall. “The snark on that kid. Who the hell is teaching him that?”
When your pie is ready to come out of the oven, take it out with shaking hands and place it on the stovetop to cool down. Leave the pie to sit for a while, and watch over your family to make sure they don’t take a slice when it’s too hot. Cut into the pie after a hearty dinner of roasted asparagus and shepherd’s pie, and your whole family will watch you cut into it, and as you cut it, you see that it is perfect, and you’ve done the best you’ve ever done. You are grateful that you are alive to see this pie come out of the oven and that you are alive to see your family eat it in front of you. You take a bite after everyone else has scraped their plates clean. It is good.
“You’re eating the chicken wings now too? Jesus, aren’t you, like, a vegetarian or something?” Dean says, shaking the box of mozzarella sticks onto a sheet pan and shoving them in the oven.
“Yes,” Castiel says. “But it wasn’t enough. There were so many moments I could remember, but all of them felt hollow.” He chuckles loosely, feeling Dean's responding grin more than seeing it. "I much rather just focus on this."
“I,” Dean said, his voice unsteady in the silence between them. He watched their shut door for a second, and he took Cas’ hand and squeezed it. “I’ll be back, Cas. I promise.”
And for good reason, the asset thinks before a wave of nausea curls his stomach into rope. He remembers crushing Dean’s cheekbone with his human hand in that airplane hanger. How precious blood can be when it’s splattered across someone’s teeth.
When they asked him to do it four more times, he hesitated less each time. Once, he rested his hands around the proxy’s neck and held his handsome face in his hands for a long time before he snapped his neck. Too much kindness, Naomi said still, looking over her glasses at the silent Castiel in front of her. Remove it.
“Reports of MSG poisoning are highly exaggerated,” Cas says. Cas’ expression never really gets all the way to smug, but he gets 95% there.
“Dean,” Cas says. It’s a bad idea, surely. Cas could be triggered by a random snap of a twig and kill them all, or accidentally smell vanilla yogurt and throw up for hours. “I can’t.”
“I have to tell you something and you have to promise not to leave,” Dean says quickly. His face is closed off again, his brow furrowed. He’s not making eye contact. Cas’ heart elevates, and Dean must hear it, because he squints at his chest.
Dean only walks in on him only once. It’s after a hunt, a violent ghost in Wisconsin that almost burned a house down. Castiel is a fool for expecting Dean to go to sleep after a case with children and a house fire, but he is too wrapped up in the idea of categorizing all the different metal knives they have in the bunker to notice.
“Don’t be like that, ducky,” the man says disapprovingly. He tsks, a small noise Cas can hear perfectly through the foot-thick glass. “I’m just making conversation.”
“Don’t be cruel,” Cas says quietly, inexplicably. He lets himself be swayed though, gently moving his hips in time with Dean’s. Forward and back. Never quite touching.
“You got it!” Dean says, beaming at the twist of Cas’ hands as he methodically liberates the crab from one of its crusher claws with a dull crunch.
“No,” Cas says. “Not always.” Cas turns to stare at the wall beyond Dean’s head, and in the cool blue light, it is like someone had just carved him out of stone. Like he is trapped deep under the surface of his own skin.
“Dean, I know this is your first “gay” relationship, so I do understand the hesitation,” Cas says finally, running his hand down Dean’s arm.
“Right. Of course. I’ll see you in thirty,” Cas says, and then rushes himself out of the door. Dean watches him go.
“I hate feeling like a monster, Cas,” Sam said once. They were waiting in front of a movie theatre while Dean was flirting with the cashier over popcorn. It takes a few minutes but he usually leaves with free candy if he’s stubborn enough.
It’s DEAN’S FAVORITES 2001, made back when he thought he was all that and then some. Not that that has changed a lot, but this tape was in his white-hot and heavy days, where he would get any girl that looked his way and got into more bar fights than he could afford. Cas opens the clear plastic protective case and carefully feeds it into Baby’s tape deck.
Confident they are safe a few miles away in an abandoned house, the two practically rip each other's clothes off. "Still wearing that old trench coat?"
"Good" Castiel's teeth grow and sharpen as he crawls over the alpha. A big glob of slick pours from his ass onto Dean. "Because I'm going to dig my pussy out on your dick like a fuck toy until you make me beg to stop".
It also wasn't the only house. Of course, their small group was not the entire mob. But it's the only mob Cas has ever known.
"Touch it and we'll all be back" Gwen interrupts. "Yeah, you said that. But it's kind of hard when we have NO FUCKING IDEA WHERE THE BLOODY BOOK IS!"
Cas quickly licks the blood of his cut and swiftly moves towards the direction of the snapping dead vegetation on the ground. "He's still bleeding" he hears a gruff voice say.
. Since the transfusion of his blood with Jack's, he's been immortal. Stuck with the gayest pansexual
Asperger syndrome: An autistic disorder most notable for the often great discrepancy between the intellectual and social abilities of those who have it. Asperger syndrome is a pervasive developmental disorder that is characterized by an inability to understand how to interact socially.
Sam nods. She lets go of her pants and they droop mid- thigh. She tries not to dwell on the fact that there's more room in the front of her underwear.
"Yes" John smiles. "You are you, Sherlock. It's perfectly alright. All the shit we've been through, and you think that's going to bother me? And if I was not okay with it, may time and space be ripped apart!"
The shorter Winchester crosses his arms over his chest. He pops the sucker in his mouth for a second. "He will roam until the Rapture, where he will be returned Home. Or until he decides he wants to go back Home".
Dean started to cry.  "I love you, too. I love you so much. Since nearly the beginning. I was an idiot. I hated myself for it". He sniffed and continued. "But I don't care anymore. I don't. I got to spend time with my parents. They knew". Dean shrugged. "They always knew since they got up there". He laughed. "And they don't care. And I don't care. I love that I'm bisexual. I love myself. But most importantly, I love you. I don't know when I fell in love with you, but I know I have been for --"
"I love you" Jack whispers. "I should have told you when I figured it out, but I was an idiot". He cups his face.
Cas wished, but didn't think, he would see Dean again. Maybe he just needed to fuck him hard and good, then things could get back to normal? Or maybe he just needed time to forget him?
Jack turned around, but kept walking. "Are you sure? Adam is the brother you and Sam left down here and forgot about. Twice".
Dean looks away and smiles sheepishly. "Yeah, ok. I am". He raises his fist at Sam. "But you're going to shut the hell up, forever!"
The much larger man nodded. "Why don't we put him in the can?" Benny gestured with his head to the trash can.
Lisa Breadon was charged with petty theft on July eighteenth, 1950. She came in quiet and small. Dean almost immediately caught her eye. They snuck in conversations the entire day, and made love at her house all night. Only after she paid her fine, of course.
"Why can't you just snap everything back? Why can't you snap us back to our homes?" the Doctor asks.
Ianto smiles. "I love you so much. But I have to ask: is it just going to be us for all of eternity?"
The smell was almost as strong as the tension between all of them. The sound was like a small but beautiful river. Dean could also hear the small organ pumping the warm, fatty liquid throughout his body. jantolover
"Oh..." he says. A moment later , when he's all caught up, "Ass hole! You think you're so high and mighty because you're frickin' old as balls! But you haven't let me explain,
Dean took a breath and turned on the flashlight he grabbed on his way out. He began his search for his thief.
Sam, seeing Cas's frown, leans in to him and explains: "It's from a sitcom in the seventies with Robin Williams called 'Mork and Mindy' ".
"AAWRROOOOO!" Cas throws his head back and wolf- howls. He whines when Dean removes his mouth, slick following a long strand from Cas's ass.
"They were a bit concerned. Well, I say a bit. All the doctors I saw could not figure it out, said I could only be diagnosed by myself when I presented".
" ... Even if there's like a tornado? Or the bees attack? Or I get hit by a meteor and grow into a giant?"
Cas rolled his eyes and reluctantly looked at the graffiti on the side of the building. "Yes, Benny. It's a very nicely painted large, cartoon breasts with a cock in the middle of them. Can we just go home now?"
It's teeth sink into his shoulder like a knife into butter while Sam waits and watches, mouth agape, like a fucking idiot. Cas winces in pain. He knees it as hard as he can in the dick. "Uhhhhuuu". It groans. Cas is let go by Not Dean. He reaches into his boot and pulls out a small but sharp knife, wishing all the angels' blades were not destroyed.
Dean panted heavily and let out a sensitive whine when his mistress removed the protection and licked the cum that managed to get on his dick.
Dean sighed. 'It's family. It's family. It's family ' he thought. He started walking again, but stopped. "Adam's not really my brother, anyway. Can't we just get the hell out of, well, Hell?"
Jack laughed and turned around. He suddenly stopped and Dean bumped into Him. "There seems to be a warding. A barricade even".
"Alright, man. Well get outta here. After you un- thaw and soften up, we'll find someone to eat. Capiche?"
It wasn't like anything was going to happen. The guy was older. He stayed in the shadows. Oh, and, he was a criminal.
They turn towards each other in an hug. Tears stream down their faces as a cloud of dust, smoke, and who- knows- what joins their embrace and swallows the world.
Cas looks around in the darkening lake. He can't see anything, but the post - apocalyptic world can keep you a bit on the edge.
Cas stands up and unzips his jeans. His hard on slaps Dean in the face. Dean grabs it and strokes it a few times. He looks up at Cas.
Benny rolled his eyes. "Suuuure" he drawled in his Louisiana accent. He picked the guy up and strung him on his shoulder like a sack of potatoes.He loved being the muscle. But he also hated being the muscle.
The first blow was a huge shock to him. After the third, he started to beg for him to stop. After the sixth or seventh hit, Cas realized it wasn't just discipline and round punched his father's cheek.
Sam's eyes rolled back in his head until Jack could see only the whites of them. His breath became dangerously shallow. It stopped when Jack grabbed his soul. He could hear the beat of his own heart slow.
The alpha turns to him. It's not an uncommon occurrence for them to switch, but he wanted to make sure.
Gabriel doesn't even flinch. He raises his right hand, palm out. "Rude. I don't appreciate your tone, Cooper".
Cas points his gun at the water demon as she moves closer.'Like a gun is going to kill water'. He tosses it away. "What the fuck am I going to then?" he says out loud. 'How do you kill water?'
Dean was going to say he loved him too. Because of course he did. He didn't know when he fell, maybe the same time Cas did? He chose NOW come to terms with it?
Gabriel lets himself in and sits next to him on the tub. He wraps his arm around his younger brother's shoulders. "It's okay, Castiel. It's okay" he says sweetly. "You're only twenty-four, Little Brother. It'll happen for you two. Now why don't you calm down and focus on getting ready for your wedding day".
Cas understood he was joking, and to prove it, he gives Dean an attempted humorous, but rather creepy smile. You ever see the first 'How to Train Your Dragon'? You remember towards the beginning when Toothless meets Hiccup and he makes him eat the fish head and smiles at him? Yeah.
As soon as they see him, the couple double their speed- Cas no where near as fast as Dean's vampire agility. Then the child comes into focus. She seems to be pre- teen, short and piteet. Short, dirty blonde hair.... Wait... Wait a second...
Dean grabs Castiel and kisses him heatedly. "You think teasing me would go unnoticed, Mister Novak-Winchester?" He barely restrains himself from tearing Cas's wedding suit with his claws and teeth.
The guy was a few years younger than Cas. Judging by the (Lebanon high school) Letterman jacket, he was in good shape. Or maybe he sucked at the sport but barely made it? Either way, he was pretty hot.
"Well, Jody just arrived with the girls and they dared me to swallow them and pull them out of my ear--"
Pray to whom? Lucifer defeated Michael and God. The angels either fell or died. You can guess which one happened to him.
"You care" Cas spoke up. "You want that. You want to feel happiness instead of nothing. You want to live happily ever after with Eileen, with your son, and with your brother".
"F-- FUCK! OH GOD!" Dean tried to find something to claw, but couldn't settle. Lisa found his prostate-- something he's only been able to do.
"No" Cas says sadly. "Until yesterday, I'v been alone. Then ran into Moose" he cocks his head to the corpse.
Jack could not keep his hands of of Ianto. He could barely keeps his hands off of him before Gabriel left after bringing him back.
Jack had to do this the easy way then. He grabbed Dean tightly with one arm and sent him to earth. Next with Adam. He then sought out all the innocent souls in hell and sent them up. Up into the bunker.
Dean thrusts as fast, hard, and as deep as he can, condensing at his forehead. "Aaawwwrrroooo!" he howls.
Dean thought longer and harder than he should have about that. "I don't know. I miss you. I need you".
Cas cuts his neck a little. Not to deep, not to shallow. He rubs the blood all over his neck and a little on his chest. Then he waits for someone or something to take the bait.
Cas laughs. "Yes, precisely. But I also want a small wedding. It'll already be stressful on me, with my routine fucked up to hell, I'm not gonna want to talk to people".
The four are suddenly launched as the TARDIS jerks to the right. The Doctor grabs onto the railings, Yas and Graham grab onto edges of the control panel... and Ryan slams hard into the door. Ouch.
Cas set his cup down. "Yes, you do, Dean". He placed his palms flat on the table evenly, one on each side of the cup. "I do not like to be lied to, Boy. Understand?" His voice was stern and quiet.
"Yes. But Castiel, this isn't 'The Wizard of Oz', some movie on the 'Syfy' channel, nor is it 'Monsters Versus Aliens'".
"Castiel James Novak," he starts, "I have learned more from you than any teacher has taught me. Not just about autism, but how to really love someone. I learned to be kinder to people thanks to you. To not judge people based on things that do not define them".
"Dean said that about Castiel for many years, but now look at them... And I think you reciprocate those emotions".
"Oh yeah?" Cas pressed himself against Letterman. He slowly snuck his hand over his chest. "I can feel your heartbeat, Mathlete" he said softly. He looked at the sewn- in name over his hand. "Hopefully I'll see you around.... Dean". He dropped the now nearly- emptied wallet in the pocket.
Castiel forgot, or rather pretended that he forgot, his parents. Fergus "Crowley" McCloud was his parent. Well, he was a son of the mob and Crowley took him in.
Dean gives a predatory low growl and picks his omega up. He sets Cas on the table who sweeps organized papers off and kisses Dean hotly.
"Wait, what? ...I don't think you've ever said that before" Jack starts. He pulls out his phone. "Could you repeat that?"
"Deeeeeaan" Cas tilted his head, playfully disappointed. "I don't like it when someone pretends to not know something. That's lying. Try again".
Lucifer grabs her small throat. "You better start talking in TWO SECONDS or you're going to be on a table".
"Right, right. I remember. But I don't remember where the entrance is. Please tell me you do, being God and all".
'Your thoughts are from your soulless mind' he told himself. He chuckled because guess what? He didn't care.
Jody looks at Dean who nods in confirmation. "We've come across some pretty sick, evil things these past five years".
Cas lifts his head and looks like he might punch his baby's other father. "NO FUCKING SHIT, SHERLOCK! THANKS FOR THE HELP, I'V BEEN TRYING TO SUCK IT BACK IN!"
Jody, knowing quite well who Sam's referring to, persists. "If I knew what you turned into, I would have asked him while I was down there".
"Nothing" Sam said. He stood. "I'm guessing you want to hurry while getting them and return my soul?"
John looks up at Sam and the Doctor smiles a 'thank you'. He shifts his eyes to the detective who's talking to a freaking- out Dean.
He brings his hand up and snaps his fingers. He inspects the large scab on his arm. Or rather, where it used to be.
"Baker Street to be exact" adds Cas. He looks around some more. "Sam, in those Sherlock Holmes books you made me read, didn't he live on 221B Baker Street with John Watson?"
Cas looked at where he was pointing. He tilted his head and looked at the paper closer. After reading it, he smirked and took it off the wall.
He was not mad, actually. He tried to be, but he thought it was funny. The guy knew he liked men immediately. The girl who always sees him naked has absolutely no idea.
He slowly cocks his gun to absorb the sound. After a few moments, he disregards being silent and hurries to land. His eyes molest every square inch of his surroundings.
That was a bit too much, but he didn't care. It was Jack. And he had no soul, so Jack could suck it.
Rex starts banging his head against the plastic wall of the small, door- less room. Plastic like 'Fisher-Price' toys. Nowhere in, nowhere out.
Dean finally decided. He got up from his seat and grabbed the letterman. Putting it on, he sneakily floated through the halls and out the front door. He shut it ever so softly.
forever. Rex got used to and eventually was completely okay with the community. You meet some amazing people- human or no- when you're immortal and come back in different years, lives, even genders. Hell, he's had lesbian relationships (if you ask him, he'll tell you he doesn't mind being a woman. It's not that different from being a man. Not black or white, but just grey). Those aren't that bad. BUT THIS WHOLE SHIT- HOLE WAS BAD! Fucking spell book!
Hot air rushes back into her. She falls to the cage floor and swallows air like, well, like the devil crushed her lungs.
I know you have questions. Hell, I even have questions. Like how many gummy bears it takes to completely stuff- full my asshole? (thirty seven; you tend to get bored when you're the only angel left- so I guess that's not really a question anymore).... And now you know who I am.
At least Sam didn't pass out this time. But you don't have the after taste of vomit when you pass out. He looks around to see a short woman looking at him.  "Who are you?"
He poofs back. "We're in an alternative dimension. That book that enchanted you? Had a sigil on it that when you touch it, you are transported to an alternative dimension. And then another, and another, and another, and so on until the person is dead. You need to find that book, and Sam needs to touch it again. I don't know where he is, but I think I know someone who could figure that out".
Dean sighed. After waiting a half hour, he grabbed a piece of gum from his back pocket. After a few more minutes, he grabbed a pencil and notepad from his letterman. He wrote dark on a piece of paper and ripped it off the pad. He grabbed the gum, stuck it in the wall, and stuck the paper on it.
Jack looked back at him for a second with a 'no shit, Sherlock' face. "Like the back of my hand. But since we're here, I figured we could get Adam first".
The kid was much younger than him. Okay, not MUCH younger, but a few years younger. He was still in school, for fuck's sake.
Dean laughs. "Yes, I remember that. But you also called me out on my ignorance of you and your autism. Do you remember how you felt when I did that?"
"YOU LEFT ME! YOU LEFT ME TO ROT IN HERE! YOU FORGOT ME, YOU MOTHER FUCKER! I'M YOUR BROTHER! I'M YOUR BROTHER! I'M YOUR BROTHER AND YOU FORGOT I WAS IN HELL! YOU FORGOT I EVEN FUCKING EXISTED! YOU FORGOT ME! MORE THEN ONCE! YOU FORGOT I WAS IN HELL MORE THAN ONCE!"
"I'm just a horny wolf" Cas pushes him down on the bed forcefully. "And I'm taking you like the slutty omega I am".
"Oowww!" Dean howls and thrusts harder, faster, and deeper into him. He sinks his sharp claws into Cas's tough skin. He sets Cas's ankles on his shoulders, hitting his prostate.
"Oh, um.... He was the receptionist years ago. He fell in love with Jack because he reminded him so much of his late girlfriend, Lisa".
Dean looks away. She gives her sister a long sigh and points at her- still not looking. "If I die again, I'm gonna kill you".
"There is a reason for everything. Everyone has a motive for whatever they do. Now, I'm going to ask you one more time: why did you want to see me?"
A black Captain Jack clears his throat. "Although this is a very heart- felt moment, can we get back to finding that book, please?"
Dean wakes up with tears in his eyes. Ten years. Ten. Ten! How the hell has he gone that long without his best friend? Dean notices the dismembered arm of his brother's still in his hand. He was going to stitch it up asap, but they both dozed off. He smacks his pale lips in a failed effort to wet his mouth. They're starving and they know it. Sam" he whispers. Sam continues to sleep. Or did he die again for good?
"Shh, my beautiful Valentine". He wrapped his wet hand around Dean rock hard dick. He jacked Dean off and kissed his shoulders, and neck.
After a minute or two of post - sex bliss, Cas snaps his fingers and they're clean. They get dressed and dust off the snow.
"Jack" Ianto giggles as the most perfect person in the whole universe kisses his neck. He moans as Jack sucks that specific spot they both loved during sex. Jack removes his mouth which results in a short whine from the ghost.
Gabriel laughs. "Water demon make you sick of the stuff?" He snaps his fingers again and it turns into beer. Cas drools for a second and wraps his lips around the cold bottle like a cock (or like how Dean would wrap his lips around a bottle). Cas closes his eyes and moans as the first few swallows go down.
Cas slaps his hand over Dean's mouth without the fear of being bit able to cross his mind. "Shhh..." he whispers.
Dean flips his brother off. He looks around. "Well, Toto, I have a feeling we're in Kansas anymore".
Jody coughs lightly and grabs at her tight chest and throat. They quickly constrict tighter and a heat begins to boil warmer and warmer.
A few weeks later, Dean wakes up on his wedding day. It was a bit chilly out, but the alpha wouldn't notice.
Gabe looks at his younger brother. His gaze slowly turns back. "I haven't the slightest idea in fuck".
'They shouldn't be here. They shouldn't be here. Let me sleep. Let me sleep. Let me sleep. Let me sleep. Let me sleep. Let me sleep. Let me sleep. Let me sleep. Shouldn't be here. Let me sleep. Shouldn't be here. No, shouldn't be here.'
The only child of the Winchester house volunteered just about anywhere. Why? Because it fell good to help. No, he was not an acting officer, but he cleaned and cooked and went home.
He smiles at Graham, who doesn't look back- he just jumps through immediately. Rex literally trips over his own feet, but manages to fall into the portal.
It was difficult to read the book being it was worn, the writing was very faded, and the fact that it was in a different language. Difficult, yes. But not impossible.
'What are you doing?' the Doctor thinks. 'You're going to get her killed! If not killed, then you're going to ruin her life!' Yas mutters something in her sleep and turns towards her girlfriend. She nuzzles into her neck.
The officer came late that night. Castiel was sleeping when his furious father screamed at him from the kitchen. He jumped up out of bed like a bunny and practically flew to the kitchen.
Lucifer drops his hands and puts them on the arm rest of his throne made of bloody, pulsing flesh and bone. "I'm going to ask you again nicely. Why did my plague not affect you? Why are you still human?"
Cas smiled at the use of one of their new names. They gratuitously twisted their fingers in and out of his husband's hole. Soon, he could put almost his whole hand in Dean.
Rex nearly kisses it, but he doesn't want to end up in Egypt 321 BC with blonde pig tails. Ah, what the hell?
"Is gay, like me. Which you already knew. She was teasing me. You know, I'm gay, she's gay, it would never happen. It's just a running joke".
"Here, let me help you" the soothing honey voice all too familiar to Jodie says from behind her and grabs her throat. Jodie hacks and can feel the hot breath in her ear.
Cas gives up and takes Sam's wrist. He drags him to the bathroom- a funny sight; 5′ 11″ Castiel dragging 6′ 4″ Sam- and shuts the door.
Jack chuckled. "Before everything there was nothing. From nothing comes Darkness. From Darkness comes Light. We are in that nothing".
Lisa came from the intensity on her clit. Her moans of ecstasy mocked Dean in his pathetic state. She took pity on him and let go of his balls.
John playfully slaps his arm and laughs. "I want it to be perfect - us becoming a thing. A romantic scene, you know?"
"I'v been here a few hours" Gabe is the one to answer. "I needed to regain my strength after returning to earth".
Castiel felt many things all at once. He felt excited about the recent good news, he felt happy and nervous about getting married, but there was one thing he felt the deepest.
Dean playfully rolled his eyes with a loving smile. He grabbed her arms and pecked her on the lips. "Hi Mom".
Lisa was so turned on. "You want me to fuck your prostate? Hm? Is that what you want?" She continued to fuck his ass without heading home.
Sam held his brother. Sam held father. Sam held his mother. He tried not to cry, because he knew that's not what Dean would have wanted. He failed.
Dean wrinkles his nose, but does not look up at his husband. Instead, the hunter continues to scan the old and tattered book Sam found. He showed his older brother who was immediately intrigued by yellowed and tattered thing. The leather and mildew smell very poignant.
Sam flew across the room. He slammed into a wall. When he tried to move and whup the little shit, he found he couldn't. "Jack!"
Dean rushes to get the husbands naked. "You reek of your scent" Dean growls, starting his transformation. "Almost as if you're in heat".
"Just trying to make conversation" Dean says as he ducks under a branch in the woods. What woods? Don't ask, I don't know, and neither do they. A few minutes pass with them dragging the flashlights everywhere.
"This magic is too powerful for even God. I could snap until my fingers fall off," Gabriel snap a few times, "but nothing will happen".
Cas drops the knife and runs to him. Dean flinches to run, but stops when he finds himself in Cas's arms. He embraces him back and allows the tears to fall after ten years.
"Anyway, you are head over heels with Sherlock. He's the one who's always there for you, you are the most important thing in his life, he has risked his life on multiple occasions-"
He puts his lips next to his ear... Then his tongue in it. Sam immediately looks away- he's obviously talking dirty and slipping in Enochian to snap him out of it. Sam is really happy he can't hear.
Dean heard Lisa laugh on the other side of the phone. "Hang on" he told her and hung the phone up. He went to his room and lied belly- down on his bed.
Watching Jody sleep is, I admit, a bit creepy, but it gives me a sense of calm. A human. Not one of my fallen siblings, but an actual fucking human. And one of my best friends at that.
"Alright, John, listen" Sam say as she fasten the belt around her waist. "I don't know if you've noticed, but your friend has it for you,
Cas doesn't say anything and Sam takes this as sign to continue. "You rebelled a'ainst Hea'en to help us es'ape being Mi'ael and Lu'ifer. The nigh' Joe an' Ellen died, you had a drin'in' con'es'. I as'ed you if you were drunk. You said no, but then the truth. You said you found a liquor store and dran' it".
They heard and ignored their brother. "Guys, you out here? Guys, every body is looking for-- nevermind".
Finally, he sees him- it- and lunges. The Dean impersonator bares its teeth and catches Cas by his throat.
Dean looked at Adam panting, completely red and furious. He smiled bashfully. "Yeah. Sorry about that, Man. That's our bad".
He puts his hand to his mouth, to his smaller and thicker lips. Sam looks at his smaller hand which causes his arm to brush his considerably larger breast. 'Oh great' he thinks. Sam runs her fingers through her hair- it hasn't grown... She looks at the short woman again. "Gabe?"
he points his finger straight to the beer fridge in the convenient store and marches to it, stiffly, and at an extremely slow pace. His finger falls off.
Cas screams the battle cry as he completely rips off one of Lucifer's arms and manually beats him to death with it. Dean laughs his ass off.
"I'm not blind. Yes, I understand how weird it is to become a female, but I would like to focus so I can turn back into one, okay?"
They fell in love quickly. Moved in together immediately after the fact was verbal and Dean bought a ring when their relationship reached two years.
Sam dropped the knife next to his discarded clothes. He entered the circle carefully, making sure his limbs didn't touch him as to not smear his Leonardo Davinci. He started the incantation.
I follow Captain Jack Harkness through the halls. He takes me to the main room of the base. He sits at a computer and points.
Sam moves his eyes to him in a 'chill out' look. After a few more sucks, Sam gives the wound one more lick and lets go reluctantly. "Don' wan' 'oo to pass ou' ".
Cas straightens his head. "I'v always dreamed of a spring wedding. I'd like to be married..."  he twirls his hand, looking for his words.
Cas smirks and throws him off like a rag doll. He returns the favor and seizes his throat. He lifts him in the air. He uses his free hand to batter Lucifer's abdomen- breaking bones and squishing organs.
John nods. "Sherlock, look at me". He does. "This doesn't change anything about you. Not one thing".
Cas blinks. He looks away with a deep breath and reaches in his boot. Sam understands what he is doing before he does it. Before he could protest, Cas reopens the cut on his arm with the knife.
Before he could turn away from the human, Cas rolls over and softly kisses Dean's lips. Dean thought it was a sleep- walkers kiss and brushes it off (metaphorically). But then Cas opens his eyes. "I love you" Cas whispers and quickly falls back asleep.
He poofs away. As much as I hate to admit it, I kinda like him. And I really approve him with Sammy... You ever tell him I said that, I will rip your lungs out through your nose- slowly.
Sam's face pulls back in what Cas assumes is a smile. The skin on his cheeks rips open and black, clotted blood pours down.
Jack sarcastically laughed. "I mean, there's something not right. There's something.... supernatural about this".
Dean bit his grin. He put a hand on Cas's chest and pushed him off. He turned around and got on his hands and knees in the soft snow.
Dean stopped. "I feel warm and anxious, but that's because we're in Hell and we're on a pretty big quest. And I'm hungry, like always".
"People refer to geniuses as you. And a famous phrase is 'no shit, Sherlock' in response to gimme statements".
Sherlock puts his hand on John's shoulder and says "this is insane. And I know insane. We can't do this, there's
Cas wakes up with a chill and the sound and smell of fire. He quickly snaps awake and makes to run, but sees Sam sitting with his knees drawn in next to it. He sighs.
Hot British Man took a breath. He turned to Cas. "Let's get home first" he said. "I'll explain everything".
The sub laughed. "Probably not starving. I know I won't drink very much. How about you? You gonna eat dessert? You did just eat a lot of cake".
"You left your mark on me when you rescued me from Hell" Dean takes no notice of the terrible slurring in Sam's voice. "When you became an addict, I helped you refrain from it by... we would bang. We parented the antichrist-"
"Sorry, Baby. I need you take a deep breath. This is the happiest day of your life. Whatever happens, you're marrying Dean today".
'Talk to him' Cas tells himself. He places a bookmark in his spot and closes it gently - you have to be quiet in a library. 'What am I going to say? "Hi, I'm Cas. I have aspergers and want to ride your cock until you make me scream"?'
Cas rolls his head to him. "You need to drink, Dean. You're starving, and you're going to kill yourself".
Castiel laughed and clasped his hands behind his back. "I meant you swing the other way. You're fumbling all over me, Jock". He pocketed the cash from the wallet.
Gabriel's grace flows from his eyes to Cas's. It feels like air at first, like he needs to rub them. It evolves slowly into an egg frying.
So she runs. And runs. And runs. 'I might have to regenerate today' she thinks. Which is when she runs into Sherlock. No, you don't understand- she literally runs into him.
Five years can be a long time. Cas became a new person completely. He was barely, if not, his old self. Cas was desensitized by his family. He didn't care what he did. Or even
Gwen feels like she may cry. Shit, the tears start streaming down her cheeks. Gabriel wipes them away.
"This is what all the fuss is about?" A white Yas asks rhetorically while looking at and feeling her new skin. "Oh wow, I'm
Castiel composes himself. "Basically that last sentence meant 'I don't know what the fuck else to say' ".
Dean laps at Castiel's slick and tongue- fucks him. He swirls his tongue fast, licking every inch of him.
He kisses his neck and collarbone. His hands explore John's hair, then lower to his neck. Even lower to his breasts. And finally- "John?"
"Yeah, Mommy" Dean reached back and grabbed Lisa's thigh. He hammer fisted the bed hard when she thrusted again. "I'm ready".
"Mm hm" Cas nods. "I didn't understand they were being sarcastic. That was before I presented. My family and I didn't know I had aspergers".
Castiel bounces his leg while sitting on the rim of the tub. He continues to avoid looking at the three tests.
If Jack cared about the intrusion, it certainly didn't express it. "It's something that keeps things stuck from getting out or in. Or even to keep something from moving".
Hello fans of this book. Sorry I haven't updated in a while. Been very busy. I did not abandon this work, so don't worry. I am hoping that I will be writing this again very soon. It will be finished. Thank you for understanding.
Dean felt like crying. He was desperate for Lisa to find his g-spot again. "Please, Mommy! PLEASE! I need it! I need it! Please, make my pussy cum! AHH!"
Cas sat reading in Lebanon Community Library reading his favorite book, something by Carver Edlund. His ears perked up at the sound of a male physic walking behind him. Cas could tell by his smell and the way the werewolf walked, he was in the presence of an alpha.
Castiel was absolutely gorgeous. His blue eyes glimmered under his flower crown. His white suit was as straight as the couple was gay. On his best black tie, in the middle, was one large cartoon bumblebee.
Castiel let a few drops sprinkle the twink's face before shoving his dick down his throat, making him swallow most of the contents of his balls.
"Ease it in gently. Start when I ask. Start slow. Then when I... get into it more, BANG MY PROSTATE INTO MY THROAT!"
"Dean, I don't think you should -" Cas looks over at a passed out Dean. "-sleep there". He sighs and spoons the man, sleeping the best he ever had in five years.
"It's your fault! Your dick is so good. It's fatter and longer than mine. And I'm an alpha, and you're an omega!"
"What the fuck!?" Adam almost literally jumped at the site before him. The thing was not Sam. Mostly looked like him, save the purple eyes and purple veins popping out of his body and how he floated about a foot off the floor, but it wasn't.
"Why? Well, I was taken in by them after some time on the streets. They give me a home, and everything I need. In exchange, I do this".
Fun fact: making Sam a zombie and Dean a vampire was inspired by the above photo. The book cover inspired this whole story. -jantolover
"I'm sorry, it's just-" Chuck breaks off with a cry. "I'm so proud of you. You never let your aspergers define you, or be in your way-"
Sam grabs both of her shoulders. "Fine, Dean. Please tell me your brilliant idea to return us all back into our original bodies, and get us home" she releases her and crosses her arms over her much larger and softer breast. "Go ahead, I'll wait".
"Summoning ghosts is always a bad idea. You're opening something up that you may never be able to close. And we don't know for sure if it's Ianto we're talking to".
Asperger syndrome, or Asperger’s, is a previously used diagnosis on the autism spectrum. In 2013, it became part of one umbrella diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders 5 (DSM-5). Typical to strong verbal language skills and intellectual ability distinguish Asperger syndrome from other types of autism. Asperger syndrome generally involves: Difficulty with social interactions Restricted interests Desire for sameness Distinctive strengths Strengths can include: Remarkable focus and persistence Aptitude for recognizing patterns Attention to detail Challenges can include: Hypersensitivities (to lights, sounds, tastes, etc.) Difficulty with the give and take of conversation Difficulty with nonverbal conversation skills (distance, loudness, tone, etc.) Uncoordinated movements, or clumsiness Anxiety and depression The tendencies described above vary widely among people. Many learn to overcome their challenges by building on strengths. Though the diagnosis of Asperger syndrome is no longer used, many previously diagnosed people still identify strongly and positively with being an “Aspie.” Asperger therapies and services Find the following services near you using the Autism Speaks Resource Guide. Cognitive behavioral therapy can help address anxiety and other personal challenges. Social skills training classes can help with conversational skills and understanding social cues. Speech therapy can help with voice control. Physical and occupational therapy can improve coordination. Psychoactive medicines can help manage associated anxiety, depression and attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). How has our understanding of Asperger syndrome evolved? 1944: Austrian pediatrician Hans Asperger described four strikingly similar young patients. They had normal to high intelligence. But they lacked social skills and had extremely narrow interests. The children also shared a tendency to be clumsy. 1981: British psychiatrist Lorna Wing published a series of similar case studies. In it, she coined the term “Asperger syndrome.” 1994: Asperger syndrome listed in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-4). 2013: Asperger syndrome and other previously separate types of autism folded into one umbrella diagnosis of “autism spectrum disorder” in DSM-5.
"I know what you went through back in season six, so I know why you'd be reluctant. But you're the only person I trust enough to do this".
"You stay put. I know how dangerous you are in this condition, so there's no way I'd let you out of here. I'm sorry, Sam. But you don't care about that.... I'll be back. And remember, if you escape, I'd know".
"I don't know. I was so deep into the book, and I don't know why. Speaking of which..." He looks behind him and grabs the journal. "I think this thing is cursed".
"I'm white now? White people have been racist towards me my whole life? Well, and blacks, Natives, Chinese-"
"Well, if you think about it, you do hunt. You guys-" a branch smacks him in the face and stops him. Gwen stifles a laugh. " -protect humans, aliens, and creatures from other humans, aliens, and creatures" Dean finishes and rubs the dirt and pain away.
"You may be extremely hot, and you may have some cool toys, but that's not going to get you anywhere, Goldilocks. Now, what planet are you from, and what do you want with this one? And bare in mind, we don't hesitate to kill".
Cas grabs his hard cock and lines up. He grabs Dean by the back of the neck with the other hand. "Ready?"
Dean screams as he empties his balls completely into Cas, who screams as well and cums all over himself.
"Studied art in Harvard. Although I'm not particularly fond of this.... masterpiece, I do appreciate the artist's attention to detail. I also like their use of the art and design principles and elements".
"No, Jodie" Sam answers. "We've never eaten humans, but we have come close to. We have, however, eaten creatures who have Turned".
His hormones were all over the place, but that one spiked the highest. And he had to wait until the wedding was over to pounce his soon-to-be husband and ride him until his dick was fucked down to a nub. Cas smirks at the thought.
If you asked me for a perfect example of a stereotype of a teenager with a crush, I would introduce you to Alpha Dean Archibald Winchester. Although the wolf was far from his prime, Cas gave him a sense of youth and he was head over paws for him.
"Benny, I love you, you big- brained bastard" Cas started. "I'v known you for a while now. I'v never asked you though, why the fuck are you here?"
Lisa pulled out almost completely. "I'm so sorry, Baby! Are you ok!? Maybe we can get, um, some ice!?"
John nods again. "Mate, I love you. Maybe not in the same way, but I do. Is there anything else you need off your chest?"
Dean holds out his hand for Cas to take. Cas kisses his wedding band, and the two enter the bar for their ceremony.
Cas places his fingers on Sam's forehead. Sam moans in pleasure as the feeling goes back into his nerves and his color brightens.
Cas rolls his eyes and Gabriel looks back at Dean. "I vant, to suuck, your cock" he imitates Dean's lisp as close as he can.
They shared one more heated kiss before Dean backed up and grabbed a branch in each hand from two trees, trying to protrude his bare ass up.
Yes, it still exist. No God does not equal no Heaven. I am the only one who knows that. I still live There- and you probably guessed it, but I'm going to say it anyway: I'm the one who healed Jodie from the Plague. Yes, the angel. Hello.
"... Yes. I'll bring Ianto Jones back. But, only if he wants to full- heartedly". Gwen hides her smile with pray hands for a second. She wipes her tears.
I hit the head of the weevil target 100% of the time. Target practice usually relaxes me, but not tonight. Something's wrong, I can feel it.
Sam lit the last candle and pushed it back slightly to make as close of a perfect circle as possible. He removed his coat, his jacket, his flannel, and his t-shirt and balled them together. He threw them away.
John continues his act. "Iiit is a bright and beautiful day! It iiiiis" he checks his watch "eight twenty-three on May the twenty eight!" He smiles warmly at his eldest. "Happy wedding day, My Son".
Jack grunted and tried a different approach. He filled his lungs and super- sonic screamed Castiel's voice in enochian.
Cas pulls out and falls back on his elbows when he's done, panting heavily and sweating a little. Dean falls forward on his own sticky expel with an exhausted moan.
This was a bad idea. Dean Archibald Winchester does not have had ideas. Much less acts upon them. It was stupid. It was dangerous. And somehow that excited him.
After watching Sam and then Cas beat Dean two out of three, the rest of the group caught on that he only uses scissors.
"Speak of the Devil" Rex sways and passes out. His boss follows him and the others go down like dominos.
"WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON!?" Adam tried rushing out of the room. Hell, the country, but the door slammed shut.
Tears prickled in Sam's eyes. He spit the belt out. "Of course I do. So You're saying I may not meet her?"
"Are you kidding?" Sam pulls a chair next to him. "John Hamish Watson and William Sherlock Scott Holmes". He sits on the chair backwards.
"Yes, Alpha, " Cas didn't know why he would fuck a rabbit instead of eating it, but oh well. "Except you're not fucking me hard enough!"
Gabriel pauses. "You're not going to like this: we have to go through portal after portal and hope for the best".
Sam's chest burned as his soul left his body. It was a huge relief when it was out. Because then he didn't feel pain. He didn't feel anything. He was completely unfazed to see Jack put his own soul in himself.
Dean spun his mother away and back into his arms. She couldn't stop smiling. Dean still didn't-- couldn't-- believe he gets to have this.
Watching Dean sleep, is, I admit, not a new thing. The creepiest, I know. But I love him more than anything my late father has created.
The omega smiles. "My name is Castiel Novak. I am twenty-two years old. I am an omega, and I have a form of autism called aspergers".
Panic and anger immediately shroud the men left in the library, but only for a second. They dive headfirst after him.
Watching Gabriel sleep is, I admit, even creepier, but give me a break: my brother, whom I love dearly and never thought I'd see again, is asleep next to me.
Castiel met James in school. It was not love at first sight, no. That only exists in faerie tales. It took about four months for them to fall in love.
"You're so fucking cute when you do that- vamps are always stretched out. Don't ask me why, that's just how it is. Now why are you not making love to me?"
When Cas realized he wouldn't leave, he looked up at him. He took his hand when he offered, and let himself be lead up.
He didn't know why his nose and ears were so intrigued in the higher wolf, but as soon as the alpha walked to a case in Cas's view, he thought the wolf should be in a 'People' magazine. Or 'Playgirl', for that matter. The 'Playgirl' model gracefully moves through the 'Erotica' section as if he were stalking his prey.
"Dean, the Doctor has been doing this for eleven hundred years" his brother brother-in-law assures him. "I could use my grace-"
"Oohh but you are. I made you. You are what you are because of me. I was very excited about Turning your bother and you. You can figure out why".
Dean licks his lips and wraps them around the flesh. Cas lets out a low moan and runs his fingers through Dean's caramel hair. Dean bobs his head and grabs Cas's ass. He takes him deeper. Cas tightens his fingers and resists the urge to shove all the way in. Yes, this is for the both of them, but Dean needs his seamen. Dean bobs his head, taking Cas from his tip to his base. He takes a ball in each hand. Cas spreads his legs more and rhythmically thrusts his hips at the same time with Dean, giving into his urges. Dean moans around Cas and gags a little. Before Cas can pull him away, Dean takes him so deep, his nose touches Cas's stomach. Cas cries out into his palm as he cums. Dean erratically licks every drop, and lightly bites the organ, sucking up a little of Cas's cock blood. Dean meets Cas's gaze as he licks the cock clean like a lolly.
"Down to business, alright?" Gabriel says. "Dean found a cursed book and touched a symbol on it. That symbol was a portal a witch named Drahm made to enter any universe he wanted to... I thought it was destroyed. Anyway, if we don't get everyone to their universes, all of time and space will be ripped apart. And we can't sew it back together".
Crowley walked casually down Blain Street. The Sunday morning air was a bit cool for the end of March in Lebanon. There were not very many people out, but there were people out.
Jack put the belt back in his mouth. He flexed and shook His hand and arm. "Here we go. Just relax as best you can".
"Yeah. I mean he doesn't mention him, but he has this certain face when he's reminded of him. He's... different now". There's a pause. The only sound is the leaves crunching under their feet. "Hey Dean?"
"Right. Well, um. I can't seem to get them out without having them be regurgitated and when they start to come up, it hurts and I can feel the tearing at my insides".
Rex's eyes widen. "Maybe we're stuck in this universe? Maybe this is where we all end up and we eventually...?" He trails off. "But Jack and I aren't going to die, we can't".
"All right, we're doing this half- heartedly" she laughs out loud... alone. "Oh shit, the huge wibbly" she says- remembering the thing chasing her.
Cas looks at Dean while continuing to walk. "Me climbing the tree, or being diagnosed with aspergers?"
An idea pops into my head. 'Can't do that, I don't have the stuff to summon Balthazar. Cas is human.
"No. No. Not at all" Dean started. "I figured if you tried that hard to get it, you needed it more than me".
As you know, Sam used Mary J as a teen Dean jokingly called him a sinner. And he got high a lot from demon blood. This, my beautiful friend, didn't come fucking close.
"Calm, Cassie, calm" Gabe's turn to interrupt. "I'm the only one. God was killed by Lucy, remember?"
"Then what are You waiting for?" Sam was giddy. "That's great! Wait, wait", Sam copied Jack's 'hold on' gesture. "Dean's in hell?"
Everyone Who's Ever Died in the Show but I Didn't Specify Who Because They're in Heaven With Them and I Barely Mentioned That in the Last Part
"Direction?" Sam moans. Dean flinches. Sam's speech has become even worse. He was in denial, but Sam's going to end up rotting away soon. Dean points South East. "That way".
Jack Bo Novak- Winchester was born September thirteenth, in the year two thousand five. He had ten fingers and ten toes, not that that mattered to his fathers.
When the omega presented as such, he was diagnosed with autism. Aspergers, to be exact. The werewolf had a hard time being social. He didn't talk very much, had a hard time forming his thoughts into words, his mind liked to wander, and he had a sensitivity to light and sound. Being a werewolf meant your sensitivity was already doubled. Can you imagine having a quadrupled sensitivity to light and sound?
Graham stands up.They look at each other for a second, then pick opposite sides and bash then in. Kicking, punching, slapping, pushing- looking desperately for the accursed book that drove them all into this 'Quantum Leap'.
Myself Because I Came Up With the Fucking Thing, I Wrote the Fucking Thing, and I Wrote the Fucking Thing Alone
Cas slapped a hand around Dean's mouth for a moment to shush him. "I'm going to cum in this fat pussy".
Dean giggled as he let his new husband/ wife/ spouse run him to the snowy woods by hand. They slowed down and stopped not too far in, but also not too close out.
Dean blinks. It takes a second to understand that Jack literally humored him. He busts out laughing and Mary just rolls her eyes.
"You rescued Dean from Hell- torturing all those souls. That was the first seal in freeing Lucifer".
The human struggles and grunts against the demons. She stops as soon as they throw her at Lucifer's feet. The woman tries to steady her breath as the pain passes.
Dean laughs again. "You're funny". He pulls a seat out in front of Cas, who struggles to see the humour in himself. "What's a pretty little omega like yourself doing in a place like this?"
Dean flips them over on their sides and thrusts deep into Castiel's heat. His balls slap the bottom of Cas's cheeks hard.
Dean takes a teary breath and continues. "I never imagined myself even being seen with someone on the spectrum".
Gabriel breaths in the wet, chilly morning air. He turns to his younger brother. "Only if you're cool with it".
Cassie backed up smoothly and turned on his heels. Dean watched him quietly sneak into the shadows and disappear.
John Watson stops pacing his and Sherlock Holmes's apartment. He relaxes a little. "It's scary how you do that sometimes... But, why now? Why didn't you tell me sooner?"
"Okay. Now, I moved us away from him, so that's highly unlikely, but if you scream, you might attract something scarier than your brother".
Four year-old Jack looks around to see if his fathers tricked him into thinking they left, but really hid behind the furniture. "No" he smiles.
The group continues to journey to a new camp. You don't want the things around you to get used to you in today's world.
"Bunker" Jack wheezed. He held up his shaking hand. "Stop him, Dean". He barely snapped his fingers and sent John's son back to the bunker.
James made the first move. On the last day of their senior year, they cut their last two periods because fuck it.
Dean ruts against Cas's leg. He takes a deep inhale of Cas's scent and pulls his increasingly warm body against his. "Your heat always smells so good".
Cas pulled Dean in by his tie, something that is the reverse of their familiar action. Their kiss was heated and desperate. And a little sloppy.
The rest of the wedding and the wedding ceremony was perfect. Well, except for the fact that the guest kept getting stung by the bees. Gabriel thought it was hilarious and kept laughing at them until both of his lips were swollen from being stung five times.
"I should have been with you before the Turn. Hell, I should have been with you soon after we met. I love you. You're the one I want to spend eternity with".
Dean dreaded this conversation since Cas told him he was pregnant. He sighs quietly. "You didn't get it from your father".
'Maybe my period is just late?' he thinks. 'It's happened to me a lot, even when I first started having them'.
Cas's mouth drops. No no no no. This planet is filled with evil things covering it whole, so a shape shifter wouldn't be surprising. It's got to be. Dean is either dead or hiding himself inside a pocket that's inside a pocket that's inside a pocket. The thing takes a deep inhale, trying to smell Cas more. Cas squeezes his wound which causes fresh blood to ooze out. 'Come on, come on, you fuckers' he thinks.
Dean's grip tightens. The Doctor's face drops and she runs to the screen. She pulls the others in front of her and scans them hurriedly. "Oh, shit!"
Dean sits up. He licks his fangs when he sees Cas sprawled out on the dead grass. The Turn not only transformed humans, it transformed all vegetation. There was still oxygen, water, and, well, vegetation, but earth was nearly dead. Dean leans in to Cas. So close. So close he could lick the artery in his neck. He could smell the iron in his veins. But he didn't want it. No. He hated the idea of hurting Cas.
Sam's mind came back to him when he realized that he was no longer glued to the wall. He tried to peel himself more, but couldn't budge.
Lisa angled her penis higher and was startled at Dean's scream. She smirked. "Did I find it?" She lowered her angle again.
"No, I want to read this. Did you know merpeople can reproduce homosexually? I didn't even know they had... you know, baby- making things".
Dean howls shortly and pulls out. He maneuvers in front of Cas and forces him on his back. He props his husband's ankles on his shoulders and lifts both their hips off the bed. He fucks Cas as hard as possible, fully turned and hitting his sweet spot every time.
Dean chuckles at the adorable dork. "I don't know, Babe. I just think it's really cool". He has not looked up since he found it.
John furrows her eyebrows. "What about that Gabe you thought I was? You said his name and had a face when people talk about their s/o".
"I- I want to try something I never have before. Something I'v always known I wanted, but never had the balls to do".
Watching Sam sleep is, I admit, a bit creepier than that, but he is my brother, and he is vulnerable being a corpse and all. I will not apologize for being protective of him.
Cas felt something he had not felt in a long time about robbing someone: remorse. He didn't know why. Yeah the guy was fucking hot, but.... AAAAHHH! He didn't know why! He's robbed a bunch of guys he's thought was hot before. Why was this one different? And did he seriously hope he would see he again?
Lucy doesn't scream. He lets himself go, understanding it's time to give up. Cas inhales the grace, which becomes pure in him. Lucifer literally wilts away and Cas watches the dust that was once his brother blow away and dissolve into nothing.
Lucifer leans forward and lifts her chin with his finger. "Sheriff. How the Here did you not succumb to my plague?"
"Golly, Dean" Gabriel fakes flattery. "In front of these two? I mean, I kind of like being watched, but our brothers?"
Dean, watching from afar, cups his hands around his mouth. "YEAH!THAT'S MY BOYFRIEND! Kick his ass, Babe!"
Sam blushes uncomfortably and looks down at a binder. His head snaps up when he can smell it. He stands quickly and walks out of the couple's home. "See ya" he says.
"And I love you, too," John interrupts his new boyfriend, "but you don't have to put yourself through something that makes you uncomfortable".
"Well, once or twice, Graham. Or ten. Actually, a lot of the time". The Doctor scratches her blonde head and makes that scronch in her face her girlfriend loves so much.
Cas lies back on the table more and props himself up on his elbows. Dean kneels in front of him and sets his legs over his shoulders. He blows a puff of air into Cas's boypussy which causes it to twitch and expel more slick. Dean licks up the external slick and pushes his tongue into Cas.
Sam didn't squirm over carving the insignias all over his body. A little bit of blood dribbled from each of them - forehead, chin, throat, shoulders, upper arms, lower arms, both sides of each hand, each finger, one large one completely over his abdomen, his hips, his thighs, his knees, his shins, both sides of each foot, and both sides of each toe.
Cas quietly and skillfully slit the man's throat with his knife from behind him. He caught him before he fell and dragged him into his garage.
Dean, shocked, looks at him. Cas searches above his head and grabs his invisible halo. He shrinks it into his hands.
"The desert?" Sure enough, Sam looks around and sees it. "Great. I bet the Doctor and Dean are in a frickin' ocean".
There is the longest pause. Jack began to worry until he spoke again. "I want my spleen and soul back".
Sherlock shrugs. "In my defense, I didn't mean to just blurt out 'I'm so in love with you'. It was in the heat of the argument".
They do as they say and turn around completely. Gabriel gets up, eyes glowing blue with his grace, and kneels in front of Cas. He takes his face in his hands. "You know how the eye doctor squirts a puff of air into your eyes?"
A few minutes later, Cas cringed at a loud noise of items crashing together. He went to the kitchen, where it came from. "Benny!" he hissed.
I turn to him. "Seriously? We're about to meet Sherlock Holmes and John Watson and you're freaking out that the Doctor's a woman?"
Jack smiled and slapped Dean on the shoulder. "Good luck. Be quiet so you won't wake them up. Don't touch anything. Don't be fooled by what seems to be. Make sure it's actually Adam that you're saving".
Sam jumped at the all too familiar voice and choked on his beer. He looked at Jack. Standing up, he set it on the table. "What are You doing here? I thought You weren't going to be in the story?"
Cas laughed at Dean's stupid joke. What was it? Does it matter? He's with Dean again. And Sam, but, come on. Cas looks at Dean's hand resting on the dock. His fishing pole is in between his legs. Cas moves his pole to his right hand and intertwines his fingers with Dean. He soaks in the feeling. His heartbeat, his calluses from years, the strength and firmness, and just Dean. Dean looks from the hands to his friend's face. Those startlingly blue eyes make him smirk. Dean leans in closer. Cas pulls him in by the back of his neck. The kiss is passionate, but not sexual. It doesn't say 'rip my clothes off, throw me against the most uncomfortable surface to have sex on like in fan fiction (*ahem*), and fuck the shit out of me', it says 'I love you. You mean everything to me. Why the hell didn't we do this earlier?'
Cas only howls shortly. His nails grow sharp, tough, and black. He begins to bounce back in sync with Dean.
'His body was so tight. I bet he has a fucking sweet pussy- STOP! It's not going to happen, you're too different and he's got a broad!'
I close my eyes and pray. "Gabriel, it's Dean. Listen, man: I know I haven't been the best brother-in-law, but I really need you right now. Sam found a book a few hours ago after we ganked some witches. It was cursed and had an appeal to me- I was almost making out with it. Anyway, we found a symbol on the book. When Sam rubbed his finger over it, we were transported to Sherlock Holmes's apartment. We met an alien who calls herself the Doctor and-"
"WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU PEOPLE!?" Sam asked when hundreds of strangers suddenly appeared in the bunker.
Cas pulled out of the tan ass and flipped his submissive around. He forced him on the floor on his knees in front of him.
"I feel it-" Dean slurs the words, but cannot get all of them out. Everything goes dark as the ten go down.
Dean chuckles. He gets up and embraces the moose figure of his brother. "You stink like a dead body".
Jack nodded. "I am the Light, but I-- not me I, Chuck I-- put a small piece of that light in every person. And that is a soul".
Cas uses Gabriel's grace to make Lucifer punch, slap, and dig at his own face. "Stop hitting yourself. Stop hitting yourself. Stop hitting yourself. Stop-"
Cas looked weirdly at his brother. "I came on a girl's tits before. When did you become so interested in art?"
"Remember?" Gabriel asks. He points to Cas. "You gobbled up my little brother's cock," he points to Dean "and he fucked you like a recovering sex addict who just fell off the wagon".
Everything was quite. The only sound throughout the entire TARDIS was breathing and the space ship's quiet noises.
Cas turns back to his book. "Oh, I get it. Big and bad alpha male can't be seen with a person with autism? Alright. Go on, douche bag".
But the sky was not quite the way I wanted it, so I took another layer of just sky and super-imposed it over top.
in the TV and his shadow that would spill over onto the console and the wall.  Shadows were added to the items that
And there ya go... one party table!  I hope you like it!  It was a lot of work, but a lot of fun, too!
The first step, finding the right image or head shot of Mark Pellegrino.  I thought it would be pretty easy, but it was more difficult than I thought.  Mostly, because many of his canon shots are with deteriorated skin.  I combed through his personal shots to find what I needed. But, the body that I needed didn't necessarily come with the right head shot.
And now, the fun begins!  First step was painting out the towels on the rod reflected in the mirror and on the small shelf above the toilet.  Next step: adding in a carelessly thrown ‘used’ towel back over the rod and on the shelf. (Image 1 in the collage below)
Last piece to go in was the bowtie left hanging off the shelf bracket waiting to be put on.  All the added-in images are shown in Image 3 in the collage above.
The head shot I wanted was something where he looked a bit smarmy, smug.  Luckily, I found what I wanted.
Cas and Dean alone in a dark classroom... usually running wild with the happy squeals of 5 year olds...
After beta'ing this chapter for Cassie, I suggested that she add in a bit more of the personal aspect for Dean and Cas.
I love chapter headers!  But only when they can add something to the story.  Sometimes the flavor of the chapter can be depicted in just type, other times just an image, and then other times a combination of image and font style can add so much to chapter headers.  I believe the chapter header should hint at what’s coming up and further engage the reader.
I think I went through about 5 different versions of the Crossroads scene from the show.  I took out Dean and Sam.  I took out the Impala.  I added shadows.  I built more woods and flora. I changed the perspective. At one point I took out the building and the two cars that were there along with their shadows.  I made it night time. But after all of that, it just did not work.
Then I needed something else… took me a bit to figure out what that something else was.  It was 3 in the morning and I slept on it.
When our guys go take a rest in the hammocks I had the perfect image!  Cassie had the same one and we so wanted it in the story, but the coloring was all wrong!  I could not find an image of a couple in another hammock, so I set out to make the image we had a bit more daylight looking.  Plus, the original was quite blurred and I wanted to try to sharpen it up a bit.
But I wanted some other fun things for this header... I wanted a cake and balloons and shots!  Lots of shots!
When Cassie and I discussed the images for this chapter, we both thought that having something that included Crowley would be key
For the final piece, I layered the movie frame into my ‘drive-in’, resized it, then did a close crop on the entire image with slightly feathered edges.
Now… along comes HazelNuts and wow!  What a great spin she put on that little prompt graphic!  I couldn’t be more pleased!
Titling!  The font used for titling a piece is just as important to me as any other graphic that's going to be used.  I believe that the font should be part and parcel with the graphic and should reflect something of the story or the feeling of the story.  So... after learning the gist of HazelNut's story, I chose accordingly.
I noticed that each of the Harlequin genres had their own indendifiers.  The strictly romance had a header with a rose, the western ones had a completely different look, the suspense ones had their own headers and sidebars.
The font is called Fresh Marker and I know it reads very close to how handwritten print marker looks.
I wanted to remain somewhat consistent, so I created my own version... It came out better than I expected!
Hope you like what I've done with these!  For more... take a peek at the next chapter in this posting... The Cast of this story!
I needed more cones, so they were created.  Then I ran it through a couple of filters to get this final image.
a way to incorporate it into this reposting.  I thought it worked as a second cover... so, here it is!
This image was one of the first Cassondra and I talked about.  It's placed in an important part in the story.
For this story, I wanted, again, to do something that would add to the chapter and entice the reader to want to read more of Cassie’s terrific writing!
I'm not going to do a walk through on these, but suffice it to say that this first image is actually comprised of about 20 layers.  I had to increase the depth of the TV wall unit that's in Dean's apartment, there are 5 layers just in the champagne glasses to get them and the liquid to have the right level of tanslucency!
-- Next part… put the guys in the sleigh!  This wasn’t as easy as it might sound.  Again, it’s about scale and perspective here.  I had pics of 2 men, from the back, in outer wear.  Had to get them out of their backgrounds.  That was fairly straight forward, you just need patience!
And it was an ABO!  I could only hope that it was the kind of ABO I could get behind!  It sounded like it might be.  But, I closed my browser and walked away.  I went to work.  I went to work on getting carpenters to finish my kitchen reno that was left in the lurch.  I went to deal with my brothers as my mother took a turn for the worse.
Then I remembered the one from the show that Dean buries in Season 2.  I went looking for it.  I ended up screen capping it myself because the caps of this scene that I did find were too blurry.
A simple crop.  A run through a couple of filters, altering the size and I had the look I wanted that fit with the other images in this chapter!
I was able to use a stock photo of brick but had to create the stones for the base and the floor.  Then I beat them up and bit, and broke some bits
The artwork that was created specifically for Chapter 4 centers on a note that Dean leaves on Castiel’s door.  When Cassie and I were discussing the pieces for this story we were looking for key moments to highlight with graphics without interrupting the flow of the story.
With a few elements, curly fries, a drink, a barbecue roast beef sandwich and I was all set.  My first step was merging the image of the barbecued beef sandwich that I chose with a different sandwich that I found in a foil wrapping. After resizing and shadowing for depth, distorting the foil wrapping a bit, I had the perfect sandwich image!
Scene Separators are tricky in any story.  They can either enhance or detract.  I like to make scene separators that while they separate do not detract but support the story as it's unfolding.
Okay, I've got my cobblers with melty ice cream.  But, I can't just leave them like that... they look a bit lost
Now... he was the most difficult.  I knew, right off the bat, that I wanted Misha in sunglasses.  I love his eyes, but him in sunglasses kind of makes me swoon just a bit.  To start, I needed the right head shot of Misha.  And I had several that would work.  Then I needed the right body double for him and it had to be sitting!
For this chapter the Crossroads Box that is the general separator/divider might have taken you out of the context of the date in the drive-in.  So, I created some supportive dividers that would do what was needed but not pull you out of the date that Cassie had written for Dean and Cas.
Cassie and I took a less Christmas approach and a more Holiday approach.  When I went searching for Bulletin Boards made by elementary kids from kindergarten to third grade I found a wealth of image from which to choose.  I stuck with those that were Winter themed, rather than Christams themed!
Overall there is a ton of manipulating in this cover graphic, from small bits like the inner core of the yellow tape that Dean hold
I ran both sets of images, the background and the figure of Dean, through a number of filters.  Then I made a composite of the various images at varying levels of opacity to create the final image.  I had to add in the smoke from the muzzle of the gun separately.
There were several areas that needed to be masked out and an entire top lintel that I wanted to eliminate.  Once that was done,
and it was never used, but it was, luckily, still in the 'Interesting Shot's' Folder.  I'm a pack-rat.  I keep everything!
So... I went to the source of all rom-coms... Harlequin and Hallmark! They helped a little, but not as much as I would have hoped!
And now, it’s Christmas time!  So, I set out to decorate the house to meet what Cassie and I discussed.  First, I started by studying lit houses that were decorated for the holiday.  I’ve never decorated a house for Christmas in image form and I had a lot to learn!
off to get a more aged appearance.After adding the dragons flanking the door, the club name and the exit sign completed the picture... pun intended!
finding a table in the right perspective as in sitting on the sofa and looking over it.  It's not a true overhead
After much shading and opaquing and filtering... I got the end result that I think works quite well. Cassie was very pleased
Then laid in a kitchen background with a couple of pumpkins, just for realism and a bit of persepective!
While this image may not be the sexiest, I think it is evocative.  I did my best.  I think it came out fairly well.
When I found this, I thought it was perfect, or as close as we were going to come... Cassondra agreed!
Okay... I'm going to keep this short and sweet.  I really wanted to do something for the sleedding fun that the guys have in this chapter.
The final image, at the top, went through several layers of shadowing for the reflections and adding Dean reflected
I call these pieces Character Cards.  I've found them a handy device for introducing canon characters in settings or poses that evoke the characters they're portraying in the current author's story.  I hope you like them!
Rumors Bar & Grill perfectly.  I added a small highlight and sharped up the amount.  The cropped it.
There were several scenes to choose from in this final chapter.  But I got a particular kick out of the Bride v. Groom football game on the beach!  I was able to find a stock photo, but manip'd in Balthazar.  I thought this image invoked the fun that Hannah's guest were having!
That said, this is how I finished off this piece.  The shadows I'd originally put on the dishes and the spoons were
Cassie and I had discussed this closing scene for quite some time.  I had this pic that I'd collected for another story
Oh, but I’ve jumped the gun and several steps ahead.  It was days before I knew I’d need to create my own Christmas lights!
So... now... for some info on the cover. You'll see the original image that it was taken from, a couple of things you might also like to know.
And we need a door wreath! And some window wreaths… I just love that look! And a ribbon for the wreaths is a must!
I needed a  banner for the Rocky Horror Picture Show… I found tons to choose from and one that was nearly perfect for what I needed.
I had also prepped 3 versions of Cas for it… a back view of Cas, a side view, an oblique view… nope, just not working!  Sigh…
To increase the perspective of depth, I placed the Birds of Paradise and repeated the palm tree four times in the foreground.  Once my components were compiled, I drew in opaque shadows to better enhance the feeling of night time.
But, there was a bunch of furniture in it that had to go.  And removing the furniture also removed the floor, so, I needed a new floor.  And, eventually, I'd need a new floor!
facial image was a challenge.  I found the base photo for the final image, and it was almost perfect... but not.
It kinda killed me to have to reduce the piece to a size that would be barely recognizable, but I’m a bit of a perfectionist, so it had to be done! And now, with this little walk through, you’re getting to see it!
in his right hand, to the new right and left hands I maniped into the image for him, the shadowing and light on Ketch, to re-coloring part of Castiel's neck and part of Dean's face to to bring them out of the hot light that's behind Cas and shining on Dean in the original photo.  Jared's position was used to bring Ketch
I added in the garland on the windows because the original image was just a bit sad looking in it's setting.
Looking at it you’d probably have a difficult time believing that there are 6 different layers of shapes and colors in differing levels of transparency.  Trust me, there are!  I know I saved the original file, but I’ll be damned if I can find it right now!  It’s most likely in another art folder for this story.  I’ll find it… eventually… but, I digress!
, most of the screen images came from there with a few exceptions.  They have great caps and it's an easy site to navigate!
There are so many steps and layers in this cover!  After going through my stash of images of Jensen and Misha, I knew exactly which shot of Jensen I wanted to use.
Anyhoo… bubbles equal happy to me.  And as I said in my original prompt, it’s just nice to see Dean smile a bit and in the shot I chose he just looked so wistful!
To me there is just something so erotic about the clenched fist, the sheet grabbing hand... so I included them here.  Entertwined limbs always make me thing of intimacy as well.
The first, Shazam, was just fun and seemed to be the perfect expletive for Castiel's parents being so accepting of Dean.
This was deceptively not as simple as it might look.  Once I collected several images of Christmas decorations, some in groups, some singles.  I set about making my own 'pile' of decorations.
Castiel's drawing of Dean with a gun that he creates while Dean is sleeping started with this image taken from Season Eight.
I added different hand done 'rules' or underlines in various colors.  I chose the colors based on comic book
Cassie presented me with a huge challenge!  I've never done a porn manip before.  I've seen others do them and the do them so beautifully.  It's truly a talent!  I thought I'd rise to the challenge and give it a try.
This image was created from the background photo used on the cover combined with a traditional 'blue' crime scene tent photo.
To those of you reading At the Crossroads who stopped by and left kudos or visited my walk throughs, I thank you very much for taking the time to do so in advance.
Putting the image of the Impala on a white note page with a gray border was super easy.  And the border was just the right touch to finish it off.
The Center image that is in the final collage was actually the piece I worked on first! I call it The Kiss...
Did you know that lights give off a glow?  Like everywhere?  Yeah, they do… and that takes a bit of doing!
First, I needed an image of a hotel bathroom that then needed to be made 'messy' as it's depicted in the story.  Found a bathroom through an image search... cropped it...
To support HazleNut’s story I put together four collages, one gif and one simple shot.  I like to play with graphics.
I took those elements and fashioned a small collage.  I think it does the trick! I hope you do as well!
After several layers that were manipulated for color and saturation I was closer to a more daylight looking image.  I was able to find another thatched roof to overlay onto the existing image.  The original image didn't highlight the thatch as much as I would have liked.
Once I had my final composite, I added it to a drawing pad, gently removed some of the perimeter of the final image.  Finally, I shadowed the edges of the pad and the image was completed.
Actually, I started with decorating the house! And then there has to be garland… lots and lots of the green stuff!
Next step… put the note in the hands.  And here’s where it got just a bit tricky!  Not so much putting the note in the hands, but positioning the hands in a more natural way and splitting the note in half.
I went looking for inspiration, and Cassondra sent me a ton of pics.  We had some really good stuff, but getting the right
I did made several atempts to integrate our guys into the image.  I tried three times and one came out fairly well, HOWEVER, it would have been a game
Dean's Gun, which was tucked under the chair on which he's perched.  His badge was tucked into his hand.
to leave in, but it needed to be relocated.  To do this I copied out the actual hookah to a separate image and then masked
When I came across this image I just liked it so much and thought it was perfect to support the scene where Dean has his arms wrapped around Cas.  When I showed it to Cassie, she agreed!
I have to admit to never actually having read a Harlequin romance, so, I did some research!  I poured through a bunch of covers from the Harlequin site to see how they were constructed.  Once I had a few ideas I set out to create my own!
As with all the other chapter for this story, Cassie and I have tried to choose images that support specific scenes.  When I came across this image, I thought it was perfect for the fic and a great support to the hot, steamy, wall sex that we and they enjoy!
