“Do you think it’ll be a girl this time?” Steve asked excitedly after they parted.
“Nuclear fusion initiated.”
“I know that, don’t worry about it.” Steve consoled her, “It’s just, I noticed it wasn’t complete. Why?”
“So Joe is Bubbles?” Tony asked him again.
and since Thor had never watched it before and it was one of the movies that Steve actually had watched before going under, he decided to leave it at that channel.
“Steve’s giving a keynote speech at a DSA event. He’d be gone the whole day,” Tony answered placidly, graciously leaving out the part that Thor knew about Steve being away for the day because he saw Steve leaving this morning.
“By the barrel. Very slowly.” Sharon said. Her aim was steady and true.
Now that SI is out of the weapons business, and subsequently out of the business of tiresome DOD lobbying, he’s even more apolitical. He still votes at the midterm elections and the Presidential election (even though that last one was a total disaster) but Tony still wouldn’t consider himself a political person. He’s a registered Independent and his stance on most social issues can be considered to align most closely with the Democrats than with Republicans but he won’t be that celebrity urging people to go out and vote or endorsing a candidate. Sometimes Tony thinks his apolitical-ness is a product from the days where he had to appease public opinion for the longevity SI’s stocks and his employees’ well being.
“Your Highness, please, I’ll explain everything to you later, but for now we should focus on the monster right in front of us.” Steven said again. His heart was beating thunderously, and not because of the man-eating monster threatening to devour them both. The feeling and proximity of the Crown Prince holding on to him, his lithe body pressed up intimately against Steven’s own was causing him to become flustered and out of sorts. The young prince’s body felt so good against his, his scent permeating Steven’s every pore. It wasn’t the right time nor the right place, but Steven couldn’t help how his body was reacting.
The ambulance JARVIS called arrived not five minutes after Tony fainted, and Steve rushed down to the lobby to meet the EMTs, Tony’s body secure in his arms. In his haste to meet the EMTs, he left Ulysses in the studio but JARVIS assured him that he had alerted the Avengers on what happened and that Ulysses was in Bucky’s care.
“Ooh you’ll see. Oh, what’s the score?” Steve sat down on the couch next Joe.
“Bruce, you want to join us for lunch?” Thor asked, the smile was more genuine when directed at Tony’s science bro. Hmm, isn’t that interesting?
He hadn’t told Steve anything about this project, because Tony wasn’t about to give him any false hope. There was still no guarantee that Barnes would ever come back, with him still in the wind, or that the device (he needed to come with a name for it instead of just calling it the device all the damn time) would be able to do what it was supposed to do. Okay, the second point was moot because of course it would do what it was supposed to do, Tony made it after all. He had finished all the final design and JARVIS just needed to fabricate the prototype. Tony decided he’d build it regardless of Barnes’ presence. It would be a good new gizmo to show off at the launching of the September Foundation at MIT, in any case.
“About the lack of kids, and the yelling and the hollering about not being able to find the inhaler, or the glasses or that particular Chomsky book. This seems very suspicious, Steve.”
Tony took one look at him and rushed to the front of the club, leaving behind a group of bewildered bar employees. As they stepped outside and ran to the back of the bar, they saw that the fight was over between the two men. Tony saw Steve and an African American man slumped on the back of the truck that delivered their supplies. They seemed to both be nursing some type of injuries. Steve’s opponent seemed to be favoring his right shoulder, while Steve had blood trails running down his grey shirt.
“Aloha, honey. How are you doing today? What can I get for you?” a matronly older woman approached him with a carafe of coffee.
“Good,” Dr. Rosenberg said, “we’ll see how we’re doing in a couple of weeks and reassess the situation again. Don’t be too alarmed, Tony and Steve. As I’ve said, we caught it early and now we can monitor it more closely before anything else happen.”
After Clint’s revelation, Tony went back to his office to grab his stuff before heading home to prepare for the night. As he walked into his office, he noticed a lump on his couch which turned out to be Bruce, laying face up on the couch.
“Why not?”
“Alphas,” Joe rolled his eyes teasingly, “Always so hysterical.”
Before he drove away Tony spared a look at Steve’s face as he stood there in the torrential downpour. Steve looked devastated, and if Tony look at his own face in the mirror, he would see the same expression staring back at him. Whatever, Steve would forget about this come morning anyway. Tony’s the one who’ll be getting firsthand experience on how to live without his soul.
“Really, Tony? Clint already took of his tie and is now lounging on the couch, eating nachos.”
Natasha placed her hand on his shoulder, rubbing it in a gesture of comfort. “Your fears are unfounded, Tony. The two of you need to spend some time together, and you will realize that not only does Steve not feel the way you described but that Barnes’ presence here does nothing to diminish his love for you and Ulysses. It increases that love.”
Tony deflated at Steve’s words and sighed harshly. Coulson shouldn’t have died, Tony should have been stronger. He should have been able to heal him, but was all should haves and they wouldn’t bring Coulson back. Tony was just not strong enough, period. From the moment he failed Yinsen to not being strong enough to prevent the death of a good man like Coulson.
They drove back to the Avengers Tower in silence, and by some miracle, there was no one at home. Papa was at the upstate facility along with his uncles and Aunt Natasha, while Babbo was having a Board of Directors meeting with Aunt Pepper, Uncle Happy was with them, ostensibly guarding them but was probably watching a soap opera on his StarkPad while they were having the meeting. Uncle Bruce and Uncle Thor were away at New Asgard, taking Aurora with them to visit her father’s homeland.
“Oh my God,” Steve blurted out loud. Tony whipped his head around and jumped from his chair when he became aware of Steve’s presence and voice, “Tony, are you-- is that what I think it is?”
“Steve…” Tony gasped out again. His Steve, his mate looked half dead. He wasn’t responding to any outside stimuli. God knew how long he’d been like that, his insides unprotected from the elements, how much pain he was suffering right now. Tony had to be with him. If he had to break protocol and barge in through the operating room door, he would.
“Okay, Steve, calm down. You remember the go-bag you packed way, way, way back in the day? You need to grab that and meet me back here, okay? We need to go to the hospital.” Steve ran to the nursery where he stored the go-bag filled with the necessary items for the major event of Tony delivering the baby, “JARVIS, call Happy would you? Tell him we’ve got an emergency. And while you’re at it, call Dr. Rosenberg. We’re finally gonna meet Mini Cap today. Also somebody needs to mop the floor. Soon.”
“Ask your brother-in-law about HYDRA.”
Phil reached into his pocket for his cellphone. He started to unlock the phone to pull up the picture of the dead guy that Maria sent to the
“Nat, there’s an epipen in Joe’s backpack. Grab it please!”
So Natasha need clothes, and she liked to drag him all over Fifth Avenue to shop for clothes. Ostensibly because Tony has good taste (which, of course he did). During one of their many outings to look for maternity suits for Tony (being pregnant with badly swollen ankle was apparently not an excuse to get out of galas, according to Pepper) Natasha shared some of her backstory and the fact that part of her “training” had included a radical hysterectomy which obliterated any chances of her ever conceiving a child. She confided in Tony that not being able to have kids wasn’t something that bothered before. Her life was unsuitable for that, but now they have some semblance of normalcy and with Tony pregnant, those dark thoughts, as she liked to call them, started to loom.
The sculpture was a masterpiece. Made of white Italian marble it depicted all six Avengers in various fight poses against the Chitauri army. Tony was represented by the Iron Man, hands aloft, ready to fire the repulsor. Thor held Mjolnir in his hand, ready to strike down his foes. Bruce as the Hulk was depicted in mid-roar. He was covered in some of the Chitauri army but was successfully ripping them away from his body. Steve was in his Captain America uniform, shield displayed prominently in his hand and he was posed as if he was in the process of throwing his shield at an unseen enemy. Clint had an arrow lined up in his bow and was aiming it at an enemy and Natasha with her batons was beating down a Chitauri goon.
“Yes. I’ve been away for long enough. I know not what Alexander might have done in my absence. I worry for them.” Steven said, “Anthony, when I met you on that beach I had never thought that you would want to come away with me, let alone ask me to marry you. I fell for you irrevocably. I had hoped that you would come with me, but know this, my beautiful prince, I may have the blood of royalty but I am not one. I’m just a simple fisherman, I live in a fishing village with my parents who are also simple coastal people. I can’t offer you life in the lap of luxury, no servants to wait on you other than myself,” his words brought a chuckle from Anthony, “it would be a hard life, my love. A commoner’s life. And I don’t want to thrust you into a life that you would resent, a life that would not bring you happiness and would hinder you from achieving your true potential, your desire to contribute to society.”
“Please don’t encourage him…” Steven pleaded.
JW: peter that little blabbermouth
“Well, I can watch the door until they release Thor,” Natasha volunteered.
Tony nodded forlornly, “Yeah. I’d spend the whole day with him and by the end of it we’d be together again.”
Tony chuckled softly at Pierce’s irritation towards Steve’s stubbornness, “I know. He’s stubborn.”
“That’s good. That’s great to hear.” Tony could feel the tell tale signs of a tear started to come from the corners of his eyes. He had to take a deep breath to will the tears not to fall. He’s not gonna cry in front of the father of the guy who dumped him.
“As you wish.” Steve leaned down to give Tony a more thorough good morning kiss but a strange accented voice over the PA system stopped him.
Steve breathed out in relief as he felt Tony’s passionate kiss against his lips. Tony was here with him. Here and never to be parted. Never again.
One hour later, Tony stared in horror at all six home pregnancy tests lined up in front of him on the bathroom sink. All of them showing how pregnant he undoubtedly was.
“Oh,” Tony sounded disappointed at the reminder that the villain remained at large, “and then shawarma after?” he asked Steve.
“I know you do,
“What?”
“You would understand what he’s saying regardless.” Steve rolled his eyes at his best friend.
Growing up, Tony wasn’t exactly rolling in friends. As par for the course, being Howard Stark’s and heir to the leading weapons manufacturing company in the world, his friends were more acquaintances. Tony kept people at arms length, never fully trusting that they befriended him on purely altruistic reasons. Rhodey was actually the first friend he had. They had met at MIT when a drunk 14 year old Tony mistakenly entered Rhodey’s dorm room, thinking it was his room instead. From then on, it was the beginning of a beautiful friendship that lasted all the way through Rhodey’s commission to the Air Force and Tony’s life as celebrity playboy billionaire.
Jamie was talking with his friend Aaron and other football players that have congregated around his locker, the football team captain’s locker. They were clearly joking with each other from the raucous laughter than Joe could hear from his spot in the hallway. Jamie had his back to him and Peter, and if Peter didn’t tell him that Jamie was looking at him a couple of minutes earlier, Joe wouldn’t have believed that the boy ever spared a thought for Joe in his mind.
Peter meant rock, strong and sturdy, just like the marble carved to the likeness of him and his family.
And that was that. Steve started living at the institute full time, teaching art to the other patients as a means to help them with their therapy. And if he spend a lot of time in the studio drawing, sketching, painting and sculpting the same subject again and again and again until his studio became a shrine devoted to that subject, it was nobody’s business but his.
“It’s not on purpose, Tony. That’s just the way the shirts are made.”
Peter felt better the next morning. In fact, he felt better than he ever felt in his life.
“James Buchanan Barnes, of Pensacola, Florida? The iguana smuggler?”
“Didn’t your lawyer tell you not to answer questions you weren’t asked?” Barnes said gruffly.
, what was the first law of thermodynamics again?” Tony asked Ulysses. He had been teaching Ulysses thermodynamics for the past week ever since discovering that Ulysses easily mastered the calculus and physics problems Tony and Bruce mock up for him. In an effort to keep the boy from getting bored, Tony thought maybe some classical thermodynamics, something simple that would keep him entertained.
“Jujubee, Petey Pie, Babbo’s coming, babies~~” Tony slurred out drunkenly from his perch on Steve’s shoulder, where Steve was carrying him out of the bar in a bridal carry. Steve apologized to the bartender as he paid Tony and Clint’s bills, adding extra tips in the tip jar for their patience. Tony was asleep by the time they got back to the gate where everyone else was waiting, snoring loudly. Clint was still random Italian words that he knew, Thor carrying him around like a sack of flour on his shoulder. Joe was also asleep on one of the seats at the waiting room, tired after his anaphylaxis attack ordeal, his head on Natasha’s lap and his godmother was stroking his blond hair affectionately.
“I’m not-- I’m not all those things, Peter, come on,” Jamie tried futilely to rein in the blush that was no doubt spreading across his face, though he was ridiculously pleased that Joe thought all those wonderful things about him. For Jamie, Joe was all of that and more. “I’m just glad he has more than a passing thought about me.”
so the problem with myths and the like is that the hero and heroine always fall in love instantly, and that's...unrealistic to say the least. So I tried to make it a bit more realistic by highlighting Steve and Tony's mutual admiration for each other and gradually build on that. I hope it works. Let me know!
“Nice. Where are we going?”
“Oh, well,” Bruce blushed and stuttered endearingly, “that’s-- I’m glad. It’s done, if you wanna have some dinner,” he gestured to the kitchen.
Peter’s older brothers were also remarkable in their own distinct ways. Like any other younger sibling in a family, Peter grew up idolizing his big brother. He grew up wanting to be just like his big brother Ulysses. Ulysses was the brave one. He was strong and charismatic, just like Papa. A natural born leader, some of his teachers would say, and Peter wanted to be just like him. Ulysses has an innate ability to inspire, to say the right words at the right time and to instill a sense of belonging, of having a higher purpose than your own selfish needs. Ulysses and Papa were just like two peas in a pod, in that they have always placed service above your own interests. They seemed happiest when they were doing something for other people.
Steve had long ago resigned himself to be the leader of one of those packs that were obnoxiously large, loud and where everyone in it was involved in everybody’s business. Aside from him, Tony and Ulysses, there was no blood relation, but he would be damned if their relationship wasn’t as thick as blood. The fact that they chose each other as families, as opposed to being born into it, might have played a big role in how they relate to each other. Going through several life-or-death situation might also play a role in forging that bond deeper.  They were always there for each other, they always had each other’s backs.
“Nobody liked your potato gun, Peter,” Joe piped in.
“Right. Well, my bar is not for sale, but my booze is. So either get a drink, or get the hell out of here.” Steve firmly said.
“Joe was upset because of that? But that was three years ago. And we already broke up!” Jamie wondered out loud.
Natasha agreed, and just like that Tony had a new PA, a new friend (Rhodey would always hold the BFF title until the day he died, okay) and a couple of Santa’s little helper in the form of Clint’s spawns.
“What’s wrong with this movie, anyway?” Bucky asked them.
“He takes the fun out of everything.” Tony whispered conspiratorially at an amused Jane, eliciting a laughter out of the astrophysicist. Thor rolled his eyes, more than used to Tony’s antics and ushered Jane out of the room with a hand resting on the small of her back.
“Clint?”
Jamie just hoped that it wouldn’t end in heartbreak. He had a feeling Joe Rogers would be a tough act for anyone to follow.
-----
Tony chuckled at his son’s antics, “He’s a bit shy around strangers. Good to meet you, Father.”
“You know you’ll miss me.” Tony winked at her, “don’t even try to deny it.”
“No, Tony, never. I’ll never let you go.” Steve whispered in his ears a sacred vow that he intended to keep from now until the day he died.
“Good. I want at least three. Reproducibility is key.”
Steve laughed heartily, “You can be Irish or Italian, as long as you guys are healthy.”
“I-- I don’t know!” Peter shrieked, “
“I’m sure it will come back soon,
“JARVIS!” he yelled at his AI.
“Bye, baby girl,” Tony said in farewell, a silent tear rolled down his cheek. He felt Steve’s arm wrapped around his shoulder and he placed his head down on Steve’s shoulder. Peter hugged him tightly, burying his face in Tony’s chest as he felt Joe joined in on the hug from behind. Ulysses stood on Steve’s other side, his Papa’s other hand wrapped around his shoulder. Ulysses’ face was solemn but his glassy eyes betrayed his austere expression as he kept his eyes trained on the flying boat carrying his sister away.
They had known each other all their lives, it seemed. They were in the same elementary and middle school together before high school. Joe didn’t know when he started looking at Jamie, all that he knew was that he became gradually aware of Jamie’s presence in his life and each year it grew. Their interactions were short and infrequent, composed mostly of nodding to each other as they passed in the hallway; Jamie helping him get a book down from the highest shelf in the library; Jamie executing a flawless play, zig zagging through hordes of ravenous football players seeking to stop him; Jamie winning a chess game against a classist chess Grandmaster that visited their high school for career day, looking down on them all the while for being educated in the public high school system, Jamie telling him solemnly “Thank you, Sir” as he checkmated the man. But what cemented Jamie’s hold in Joe’s heart and mind was his kindness and how inherently good he was. A long time ago, he defended Joe against bullies who thought he was too opinionated for an omega. Joe would never forget how Jamie stood up for him, those purple eyes shone brightly like potassium chloride set on fire with fury and indignation on Joe’s behalf. They were only nine years old then, Joe had just presented as an Omega and his whole life had just changed. From that moment on, Joe knew he had found the right partner.
“Tony, these things are still coming.”
“My Da? Why? Why do you ask?”
Steve was silent at Tony’s question, though his hands never ceased its gentle massage of Tony’s back, “The truth. They deserve to know.”
Rhodey...would understand. He’s a soldier, he’s seen war. He would rightfully pinpoint what Tony’s experiencing as PTSD. His best friend had been trying to get Tony to talk to someone, a psychiatrist, a trained professional well equipped to deal with issues like these but the thought of baring his soul to some stranger was just overwhelming for Tony. It would make him too vulnerable, and he wasn’t about to become vulnerable in front of some stranger. There’s a reason why he built himself a suit of armor after Afghanistan and redemption was just one of them.
Peter was acting weird. Weirder than usual, which was saying something. It also didn’t help that before third period started, Ned said he saw Peter and Jamie disappeared into an empty classroom, and then they were apparently late for their respective classes. Joe had been waiting all morning to corner Peter and asked him what that was all about, but alas this semester the only class they shared together was PE, and it wasn’t scheduled until later in the day.
But Tony took in stride, giving him space to think and vent and always, always let him know that Tony would be there if he needed to talk, or to simply just be there with Steve if he needed him. The truth was, on days like that, the only thing Tony needed to do was to simply exist and Steve would feel better.
Twelve hours later, on March 17th at 11 PM at night, Ulysses James Stark Rogers entered the world with a loud cry and Saint Patrick’s Day celebrants out in the streets of New York City unknowingly celebrating his birth along with his parents and uncles and aunts.
“Help! Help!” Steve shouted hysterically, rushing towards the other side of the room where he kept his art supplies.
“Well, didn’t you say Clint was
“Nat! Over here!” Clint called out to her. Natasha ran over to where Clint was kneeling on the ground. In front of him was the unconscious body of their pack leader. Steve lay unconscious on the ground, his shield fastened firmly to his back. His stealth suit covering one side of his body, keeping it protected. The other side, however, was completely decimated in the blast and as a result, Steve suffered burn wounds to the left side of his body. If Natasha had to estimate, it was a third degree burn taking away the skin from his face all the way to his groin.
Steve arrived like a herd of elephants stomping inside Tony’s workshop and breaking at least one pane of the reinforced glass that made up the workshop’s door, “Tony! JARVIS said it’s urgent. What happened?” he rushed towards where Tony was sitting splayed out on the floor. He could feel blood pooling underneath him and he saw the moment Steve realized what had happened. His mate’s eyes widened in fear, blue eyes staring at Tony in horror as he took in the sight of Tony on the floor.
“So how long will they close the bar for?” Tony asked his mate as they dig in to their morning’s breakfast: a bowl of oatmeal with fruits for Steve and scrambled eggs with pancake and bacon for Tony.
“Alright, peeps and company, let’s get this show on the road,” Tony said. He was seated on a chair situated to Pepper’s left. She shared the chaise lounger with Natasha, dressed in an ivory dress. Steve was standing behind Tony, looking handsome in a three piece Tom Ford suit that Tony bought him for the occasion, carrying Ulysses in his arms. Standing next to Steve was Thor, smiling jovially with one of his big hands on Bruce’s shoulder.
They were left alone in their suite after the boys’ left with Clint to the beach. Steve, in contrast to his daily routine of running and working out in the morning, was laying down on one of the poolside chairs by the infinity pool that came with their room, topless and with his sunglasses on. With his hot body and handsome face, he looked like every inch of the trophy husband that other men and women Tony’s age would be clamoring to have. Tony thanked his lucky stars each and every day that someone like him would ever be worthy to be loved by someone like Steve. Brave, handsome, chivalrous, loving and amazing father Steve.
“Fall in love.” Coulson said to Clint from his perch behind the cello.
“By James. He came in to ask me out.”  What? That was new information. Bucky was at the bar too on the night of the murder, then. And if he interrupted Natasha’s conversation with Rumlow, Bucky must have seen him too, and seen the napkin Natasha drew.
“On it, Steve.”
As Tony grew older, his adoration for Captain America went past the figure head and the values he embodied. Steve Rogers became Tony’s standard for every partner he managed to have. Steve was handsome. His angular jaw, his patrician features along with his golden hair, like spun gold and his blue eyes, like the color of the brightest sky made him the most beautiful and handsomest man in Tony’s book, regardless of the fact that he was dead.
“Yeah. So are we.” Tony said as he set about to make his decaf coffee and microwaving Ulysses’ banana puree breakfast. “A little scared, but excited too.”
“Steve…” God, Tony loved him. Tony didn’t deserve him, but by Hawking did Tony loved him. Which is why the next words that comes out of his mouth would be the hardest things he would ever say.
“Say it louder why don’t you? I don’t think the people who hasn’t come to school yet heard you.” Joe grumbled at his little brother. He might look annoyed, but inside he was preening with happiness at Peter’s words. It’s still unbelievable to think that he and Jamie finally took the plunge and that they were boyfriends now.
“Peter, Peter, focus!” Jamie grabbed him by the shoulders to still the younger boy’s frantic, jerky movement, “Peter, listen to me. Joe said that he liked me?” Jamie asked again, a little timid and hesitant as to what Peter’s answer would be.
“Whatever you say, punk.” he reached for Ulysses’ picture and stared at the endearing visage of Steve’s son, “he’s cute. Look a lot like you when you were skinny.”
Jarvis was rechecking all of the logistics and inventories necessary before they open for business. . As was usual, he and Bruce were in charge with the bar’s infrastructure, which includes lighting and sound system. As Jarvis went to set up the sound system over on the stage at the far side of the bar, he heard Bruce came up behind him.
“You’re right, Anthony. Fate’s machinations knows no bounds.” Steven stated, shaking his head deprecatingly at how utterly and completely he had been played by not just Fate, but members of his own family too, “I have no evidence to corroborate it, but I believe some of my siblings are pulling the strings behind this whole operation, whose whole purpose was to bring us together.”
Once Dr. Rosenberg confirmed what all six home pregnancy tests told them, and told them that the pregnancy was five weeks along, they had a little celebration by having home cooked meal courtesy of Steve and Bruce. They skyped with Rhodey who was on tour overseas to tell him the good news and Pepper dropped by for dinner with them. Wine and Asgardian mead was free-flowing, and by the end of the night everyone was either face planting on the couch or in their meals. Everybody, except Steve and Tony, who still had to put the actual baby in the family to bed and was banned from imbibing on said beverages.
“Yes, we meant for you to hear it. We’ve been suffering for your love, you owe us this.” Aaron piped back.
“What’s going on in the world now?” Tony asked, gesturing to the television as he settled in the couch.
“And what does my beloved want me to do to regain the affections I have so tragically lost?” Steve grabbed Tony’s hands and drew him closer to him, kissing his knuckles reverently and shooting Tony a mischievous look.
? You’re looking a little flushed.” he said charmingly, using that damn endearment that Steve liked so much.
“Nothing’s gonna happen, Tony. Because nothing’s going on in your workshop except you sending an empty suit to greet me when I come home.” Steve slammed the door of the workshop open to find Tony sitting on his work desk with a console that seemed to be controlling the Mark 42 armor that had been following Steve from the living room.
“Is it true you went 12 for 12 with last year's Maxim cover models?”
“I, for one, am looking forward to watching this movie you picked, Bruce,” Thor beamed at Bruce, eliciting a blush from the brunette scientist.
Joe Rogers considered himself a simple man. He has no delusions of grandeur that so often deluded many people. His version of the American dream was simply to get out of poverty, be able to take care of his wife and son and retire peacefully. As the son of poor Irish immigrants, Joe experienced first hand how dehumanizing poverty was. His parents always said that American poverty was still better than Irish poverty, but this was not a life he wished on anyone, not even his worst enemy. Even as a little boy, he knew that to break this cycle of poverty that trapped many of his relatives in he needed to get an education and make something of himself.
Steven striked Cetus with his fist, stunning the sea monster and wounding him. That impressive display of strength and power sent shivers up Anthony’s spine. And to another place in his nether regions that probably wasn’t polite to share out loud. Cetus recovered, though and roared back up from the sea, lunging for Steven. He deftly evaded the sea monster’s gaping maw as it lunged forward, missed him and crashed to the beach instead. Steven leapt off the horse’s back onto the beach, landing in front of the beast. They grapled for a bit, a wrestling match between man and beast where Steven with his bare hand held the monster aloft and dropped it on the ground several times. Cetus seemed to be losing the battle, but recovered shortly, attacking Steven with a swipe of his paw that Steven deflected with his shield. Steven pushed back at him and threw the shield at the monster before returning back to Steven’s outstretched hand.
Joe strode up to Peter who was already sitting at their usual table with Ned, eating his usual lunch for three. Ever since his transformation, Peter was always hungry. Joe theorized that his little brother now has the same enhanced metabolism as Papa. He wasn’t satisfied with the usual double portions at dinner, some days he could even out eat Papa and Uncle Thor.
“Obviously you’ve given this a lot of thought,” Aaron deadpanned. He looked unimpressed at Jamie’s explanation.
Tony and Steve went down to the kitchen later on that morning. They woke up again a little around 9 AM and decided to go to the kitchen and start making breakfast for their kids. It was summer and school was out, so everyone was home. As they stepped out of the elevator, they heard sounds coming from the kitchen, some song that Tony heard a long time ago playing on the speaker.
“Ugh, I know. I thought I wanted it, but just looking at it upsets my stomach. Can we please get rid of it?”
, he couldn’t imagine ever feeling otherwise.
“Don’t want what, baby?” Steve asked.
Anthony stared up at Steven intently for a moment, “I take it you’re not a big believer in the Olympians then?” he said flippantly, his tone might be light but his gaze was solemn and heavy on Steven’s face.
And now, Steve seemed to be going the extra length to spend the day together with Tony, which Tony was totally up for. The last couple of days of their stay hadn’t exactly been stellar, to say the least. First Clint, Sam and Bucky managed to get thrown in jail for getting into a bar fight, then Thor and Bruce left Aurora in an elevator whilst busy arguing, losing her for a couple of hours which managed to get everyone up in arms, thinking someone had abducted one of their own. Then Ulysses got into a fight with some boys who were harassing Joe and Peter on the beach. Although the fight was for a good reason (Steve and Tony weren’t gonna punish Ulysses for protecting his brothers), they still had to halfheartedly give him a speech about words over fists (although Steve really,
Quill came towards them carrying a big box with him followed by two men whose features Tony couldn’t make out from his position on the tarmac.
The first hint that something was different was the fact that he was able to see clearly without his glasses on. Peter hadn’t been able to see without his glasses since he was 10 years old. So that was weird. Nice, but weird.
Steve eyed him suspiciously. Tony never,
However, there was something that was different from his previous pregnancy and that was the frequency of caffeine headaches he was getting. With Ulysses, once he reached the three month mark, his headaches disappeared as his body adjusted to not having the stimulant anymore. But now, he still get headaches in the morning and sometimes in the afternoon. So far, he’s been shrugging it off as his body not adapting as fast as it should, but somehow today felt different.
Tony blinked owlishly. What did Rhodey mean?
“It would be a good learning experience. I’ve been wanting to watch this movie for awhile. Besides it’s my turn to pick the movie for movie night. If I have to watch Die Hard for twenty seven times, you guys can stand to watch Blackfish once.”
Tony rolled his eyes and Joe just drooled into Tony’s shirt, unimpressed by everything that just occurred around him.
Steve wasn’t gonna take any chances, he assumed a tackling position, then as fast as lightning he jumped and tackled the man on the ground. By the time Dad and Bucky barged into the room from hearing all the ruckus Steve caused, Steve was getting up from the floor where he tackled the man on to, the man unconscious.
“Aww, we’re having a benefit for the vets and sick kids?” Tony kissed Steve’s cheek sweetly.  “Poor Bucky and Sharon. If this case is any indication I wonder how any crime was ever solved. Everyone lies and deceive, everyone has their own agenda.” he sighed, “I’m glad we’re just bar owners and not, like, superheroes or something.”
“Are you, in fact, acting as our solicitor in this matter?” Edwin Jarvis, the bar’s deejay, tech guy and Tony’s left hand man asked.
“Killian’s people, AIM, are capable of sending a very bad message,” Pierce informed him.
“Personally speaking, I ain’t ever gonna fall for someone that I just met in one day. But he did, Tony. And he fell every day you went to him. What does that tell you?”
Tony’s mate was more calm facing down a hoard of Chitauri army descending on Manhattan. His panicked expression and dilated pupils indication of an adrenaline rush coursing through his veins at the moment. As second in command of the Avengers, Tony needed to take charge of the situation.
“No, no. I’m old. I’m, like, twenty five?” Twenty-five was old, right?
“Alright, alright,” Clint muttered and taking his place beside Sam, standing behind Natasha.
In that moment, under the cold fluorescent light of the operating room, Steve’s whole universe was complete. The centers of his universe safe and sound in his warm embrace. Forever in his arms.
“The flirting might have gone over better if you weren’t holding a four month old baby in your arms.”
“Papa, can I have some money to buy lunch? I’m hungry.” Joe asked.
He supposed he could talk to Steve. Steve, more than anyone, would have understood what Tony was going through. Steve would listen, would lend a helping hand, wouldn’t push him to talk to anyone he’s not comfortable talking to. Steve would take it upon himself to battle Tony’s demons for him and that-- that was why Tony stayed mum about his problems. Steve had been adjusting beautifully to the 21st century. After the two year stumbling block when they were estranged from each other, Steve seemed to be keeping apace with the changes that was now part of his daily life. Tony liked to think that him being by Steve’s side was helping with his adjustment. Steve still had nightmares and bad days, though the frequency seemed to lessen as the months went by. He wasn’t the same Steve that Tony knew in 1942, the ice nap had ensured that, but he seemed happier, less troubled than the first time Tony saw him all those months ago on the Helicarrier. Steve seemed to enjoy this life that they have together, the easy coexistence they had, how they seemed to fill each other’s empty spaces, making each other happy and content with each passing day that they would wake each other up with loving caresses and kisses.
“I think it’s the hair. And the general aura of awe and admiration we all feel whenever we’re near Steve. We generally feel the opposite of admiration and awe if we’re anywhere near the other one.”
“I don’t think that’s true,” she finally said, “But I do think it’s time you joined the land of the living and go out for a drive. Didn’t you say you’ve been dying to take out the newly restored Camaro?”
“Hey!” Tony saw Joe and Bucky behind Quill, “what the hell are you guys doing here?” Tony moved towards them, heart beating faster because if they’re here, then wouldn’t he be here too?
Tony decided to do some paperwork as the day progressed. He had planned to catch up on some of the more boring aspect of running a business last night, but something that completely blindsided him came up and he didn’t end up touching any of it. As he settled in his seat and picked up the paperwork on the top of the pile, his door opened up and Natasha strode in confidently.
Bruce nodded in understanding and placed his hand on Tony’s. “He’ll be okay, Tony. The serum will do its job.”
Anthony thought as he turned towards the source of the soothing voice that questioned him and was greeted with the sight of a literal demigod. Anthony was sure of it, no mere mortal would look as handsome and glorious as the one standing before him.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Steve demanded, “God, Tony...do you know how much I--”
“I still want to know about it, Tony. Anything and everything that concerned your and the boys’ well-being is never inconsequential to me,” Steve exhaled heavily and flopped on his back, “Promise me, from here on out, no matter how small of a matter it is, you tell me. I don’t care if you think it’s unimportant or inconsequential, I need to know. You, Tony, you and the boys, you’re my life. If one of you was hurt, I hurt too.”
After they mated, Steve would always suit up for missions in Tony’s workshop. One part was because that’s where the his suit would be, after missions and after battles, for repairs and for Tony to add more improvements and changes to it. Another part, a larger part, was that Tony liked to see him suit up. According to Tony, it was second sexiest things he had ever seen in his life. The first was of course Steve taking off the suit, insert Tony’s dorky wink here.
“Hi, Papa!” the people gathered around them giggled at Ulysses’ antics. Joe started clapping as he saw his father’s likeness on the bronze statue before him and started squirming and whining to be let out of the stroller so he could be closer to the statue.
Jamie felt the soft hands on his cheeks, he didn’t expect to feel the soft press of Joe’s lips on his, however. It was better than he ever imagined. Joe was soft and pliant in his arms, his scent filling up Jamie’s every senses, filling up each and every empty space he didn’t knew existed within him or around him.
Joe held out the bouquet to Tony expectantly, willing his father to take the flower arrangement. Tony took the bouquet from his son’s hand, observing it in his hands. It’s really happening, this was really happening. He and Steve would get to have a mating ceremony, and this time with their sons and their family in attendance. Tony looked at Steve, standing there in his white button up shirt, looking as handsome as the day Tony met him and Tony knew that he wouldn’t let his life go any other way than being with Steve and his sons.
“And you chose my Da.”
A tense moment was shared between the three of them as Steve stared at Killian, daring him to leave the bar. In the middle of it all, Clint decided to walk up to them to seize his moment.
They were ensconced in Natasha’s (their’s, to be precise) room in the barracks, drinking flat champagne and eating canned sardines Steve pilfered from the mess hall. It wasn’t the Christmas Eve celebration Steve envisioned or even wanted for Natasha, but they were in a war and beggars couldn’t be choosers. The fact that they were able to be together on this day was a miracle in and of itself. Steve would take what he could get. War has taught him the fragility of a moment and how easy it was for everything to fall apart.
“Yes, the fibers we found in the bullet track matches the fiber compositions of belgian corduroys. How’d you know that?” Bucky asked Steve as the crossed the road, walking towards the diner where they usually meet up for coffee.
Just then, as if noticing something in his periphery Steve looked up from his sketchbook towards the ocean, then turned his head in Tony’s direction, his eyes landing on Tony. He gave Tony a small smile, one that Tony was powerless not to reciprocate, then turned his attention back to the sketchbook in his hold. A small smile that Steve reserved for strangers, that was all Tony deserved. That was that, Tony thought, that’s all I am. A stranger.
Steve kissed him on the forehead, chuckling lightly at the mention of Tony’s frequent borrowing of his socks, “Yeah, you’re here. You’re still here with me.”
“And I’m sorry for the harsh talk this morning, but I’ve come to know you, Tony. And I know that you’re lonely. Sure, you have Clint, the kids, Happy, Pepper, Rhodey and me. But when we go home, who’s there for you?”
Tony smiled to himself and thought of what Steve and the boys’ reactions would be. They would be ecstatic to say the least. Their family was getting a new addition. After Morgan and Aurora’s births a couple of year back, there hasn’t been any new addition to the family. This would be an unexpected, yet greatly welcomed surprise for their family.
. You just have to be patient. In the meantime, keep your head up.” Steve tapped Ulysses’ chin in encouragement.
“Maybe. Or it’s possible that the “X” marks another objective. The only thing left is…” Natasha trailed off, knowing Tony would follow her train of thought.
Bucky made a face at the prospect and the presence of decaf coffee. He poured some coffee from the carafe on the right and settled down on the counter to enjoy his coffee. One by one, the Avengers started appearing in the kitchen. First was Dr. Banner. After he made some tea, he started helping Steve with the breakfast, cracking open all two dozen eggs to make scrambled eggs for the whole team. Next came Thor, the God of Thunder. He quickly made a beeline for the pantry, returning with a box of toaster strudel that he popped in the oven despite Bruce’s chastisement that he would ruin his appetite.
Tony sighed again. Really, really couldn’t wait.
“And that’s how we feel about you, big guy. You’re never a burden to us. We’re here for you. I’m here for you. And the boys are here for you. They’ve missed you so much, Steve.”
“You look so beautiful when you come, Tony. My Tony…” he said, then started moving again. Tony could feel Steve was chasing after his own pleasure now. His hips started rutting against Tony’s, no rhythm, no finesse, just an Alpha chasing after his own pleasure in his Omega’s body. It’s the most primal form of bonding and Tony lost himself in it. In letting himself be used as a vessel to provide pleasure for his Alpha, the way Omegas were created to be. One, two, three thrusts then Steve was coming. Tony felt that hot gush of Alpha seed flood his opening, warming him up from the inside. Steve’s body was taut as he chased his pleasure, then his body seemed tense. Tony knew Steve was going to knot him soon from the burgeoning feeling inside him. Steve grunted at groaned again as his knot swelled up and catch inside of Tony. Tony gasped at feeling of his mate’s knot pushing him to the brim, completing him even more.
“Oh, Steve, that feels so good,” he moaned, eyes closed and hands gripping at the pillows under him, “I’m so wet for you, Alpha. Can you feel it? Just for you,” Tony said.
Tony leaned closer to him, resting his body on Steve’s, that precious bump cuddled close to Steve’s side. “Okay. Ulysses it is. Ulysses James Rogers. God, this baby is gonna be the most Irish baby to ever irished in New York City.”
It was now Tony’s turn to get flustered. He was always got so flustered whenever Steve casually mentioned how much he loves him, like he thought Steve was just humoring him and not building a life with him.
Steve sighed, “You’re not satisfied until you give me a heart attack, are you?” his tone was disapproving, but the light kiss he pressed to Tony’s pouting lips said otherwise.
Tony gasps softly at the question. He doesn’t know for sure, but Tony’s pretty certain that if Steve uses his shield to stab him in the chest, it will hurt less.
“Steve, Steve! Sssh, darling. It’s okay, it’s okay. You’re alright, Steve. I’m here, I’m here with you, beloved.”
“I do renounce him.” Bucky said, holding back a chuckle as he placate Ulysses who was reaching for his prosthetic limb.
As the meaning behind Tony’s words dawned on him, Steve felt his heart stopped in his chest. “Tony--” he choked out, “Honey, you know that’s a one way trip.” The comm line became silent as Steve’s words dawned on the rest of the Avengers.
“I saw him on tv, because he’s one of the frontrunners for the Supreme Court vacancy.”
“Ah! Ah! Ah! Steve, Steve…” Tony keened, his eyes shut close. The feel of Steve hot and like velvet steel within his core, filling up empty spaces Tony didn’t even know existed, completing him from inside out, was amazing. Whenever they become one like this, Tony swore he could feel Steve’s heartbeat as his own, his breath as Tony’s breath, the two people becoming one. Steve was hitting Tony’s prostate with great accuracy, sending jolt after jolt of pleasure coursing through his body. Tony felt his cock leaking and his hole producing more slick in response to Steve’s touches and he couldn’t hold it back.
Natasha winced, “Yeah, sorry about that. I didn’t know what he wanted it for.”
“Oh, God, Tony, no. Nothing of the sort. It’s most likely a combination of being pregnant at an older age and your pre existing heart condition. Pre-eclampsia is common in geriatric pregnancies. We were lucky we caught it early, Tony, Steve. We can manage it better when we pinpoint the problem sooner.”
But know that I read each and every single one of your comments. I really appreciate them. They warm my heart and soul :)
the math that gets them to obstruct justice and lying to the police.” Tony finished.
“Ugh, now they have Bruce, Jarvis
“They think I’m the killer.” Steve whispered to Tony, as if confessing a terrible crime he didn’t commit.
“Just peachy, Happy. I’m about to birth a human being soon. Let Pepper and Rhodey know, would you?”
“I love you,” Steve whispered to him, “I love you so much, Tony.
Together, Steve and Tony grieved.
Tony sighed in relief, dropping back down to Natasha’s grip behind him. “Congratulations,
Then Thor placed his index finger on his lips, in a gesture of silence and made a fist with the same hand and pounded his chest twice in a show of loyalty to Steve. The big man then turned, putting an unlit cigarette in his mouth and returned back inside the bar, leaving Steve alone with his thoughts. Great, it seemed not only Bucky, but Thor also thought that Steve was the murderer and both were willing to look the other way. It’s a damn miracle that any murder was ever solved if this was what happened on the daily.
” Ulysses pondered the new information, “
“Or what? Really? You gonna put the squeeze on us retroactively?” Steve asked, having no patience nor tolerance to threats anywhere in the vicinity of his Omega.
Point is, he was smart. He could look at anything in the world, dissect and analyze it to bits and if it’s broken, he could fix it. If it’s not broken, then hell, he would improve the shit out of it until it couldn’t be broken anymore. But for all his genius and his intelligence, he still didn’t understand why the United States didn’t have a federal policy for paid parental leave. Tony was proud of the fact that Stark Industries was one of the few companies that offered paid maternity
Tony closed his eyes in resignation and sighed. “Natasha.”
“The victim was killed with a gunshot wound to the chest. Guns are loud and yet you didn’t hear it,” Sharon wisely chose to ignore Tony’s jab, choosing instead to question one of her suspects, “Either you weren’t where you said you were, or you were lying. So we can talk about this now and maybe it doesn’t go further, or I will pursue this line of questioning and it might be in a less than subtle manner than you’d like.”
“I’m moving out, Buck. I’m gonna live at the Institute. I already arranged it with Dr. Erskine.” Steve calmly took another bite of his roast beef. It was his turn to cook tonight, and to placate his dad and Bucky he decided to make something that everyone liked.
“It’s fine. Doc said no lasting damage.”
“This was fried in peanut oil,” Steve threw the box to the floor, away from his son. Natasha shoved the Epipen in his hands and he opened the pen and jabbed the needle on to Joe’s thigh. Joe gasped out in pain at the shot of epinephrine to his system. Steve hugged him close to his chest, comforting the boy by rubbing his hand up and down his back and murmuring endearments and reassurance.
“Sam Wilson, aka DJ Falcon, you restrained him from lunging at your boss?” It was once again Thor’s turn for an interview. The man was once again a resolute, unmoving wall of stone, staring blankly at Bucky and Sharon as they asked him questions. His placidly blinking eyes were the only indication that he heard anything that was asked of him.
“Whatever you need, love.”
“They always did say there’s a fine line between love and hate.”
Jamie sighed. He knew he was just spouting some bullshit excuses, but the truth of the matter was he was
This was not in any of those pregnancy books Bruce and Pepper bought Steve, but he could handle this. One of his greatest assets was adaptability. He survived waking up seventy years in the future, Tony’s pregnancy eccentricities would have nothing on him.
Joe, though, was the opposite. He was book smart, just like his brothers, but was more reserved and shy. By Tony’s own observation, he was the smartest out of his three sons. He wasn’t like Ulysses, who everyone at school knew about, rather he had a smaller group of friends, consisting of his little brother Peter and Peter’s best friend Ned Leeds and the other kids from the marching band where Joe played the trumpet. He took after Steve from his pre-serum days. Where Ulysses was tall and built, Joe was tall and lanky. He was taller than the average omegas, almost at Tony’s height at just fourteen years old and he wasn’t finished growing, which made him self-conscious about his body. He wasn’t sickly like Steve was, just skinny. He loved to draw and he and Steve would go out to museums, spending the whole day there, sketching and drawing together. He wore glasses since he was 10 years old, a byproduct of years of reading too many books and coding with his Babbo. Just like his siblings, he was fluent in Italian but Joe, by virtue of having Natasha as his godmother, was also fluent in Russian. Natasha used to bring him down to Brighton Beach where there was a big Russian diaspora for them both to spend the day and for Joe to practice his conversational skills.
“Tony, get back to bed. You haven’t had enough sleep.” Steve admonished.
At the sound of Steve’s scream, the man started screaming too and jumped out of the bed. Noticing he was buck naked under the covers, the man grabbed the comforter on the bed to cover himself up.
Steve took of his sunglasses and kissed him sweetly, “How about we take a swim?” then he continued, whispering hotly in Tony’s ear, “clothing optional? Matter of fact, clothing prohibited.”
“Can it still be called morning if the sun’s not even out yet?” Steve smiled back.
“Yeah, I can see that.” Peter breathed out, “but what about this?” he gestured at the ruined door by his side.
“Alright.” Steve replied. He could his face flaming and knew he was blushing in front of Tony.
“Come on, Stark.” he heard Natasha whispered in his ears, the Black Widow wasn’t as unaffected by everything as she seemed to be.
Please don't kill me.
“Christ…” Sam exhaled out. Steve decided he would forgive the blasphemy this time, he had bigger things to worry about.
So, regret over something he had done as a notorious playboy wasn’t something Tony felt very profoundly in his life. At least not until today.
“Huh.” Thor tilted his head to the side, not unlike a confused puppy, “Tony, did you just wet yourself?”
Tony smiled up at him, “Yeah, I’d like that.”
Steven nodded, and with one last glance at the prince who had so completely and irrevocably stolen his heart and soul, he mounted Groot and flew down to vanquish the monster.
Dr. Rosenberg left with a warm smile on his face and a promise to send a nurse to them carrying the new medication that Tony was now required to take for the remainder of his pregnancy.
“What?”
It hasn’t escaped his attention that he now had the abilities of a spider. When Uly and Joe found out about this, they would be giving him so much crap for it. But whatever, Peter thought. He’s the one with the superpower now, not them. Out of the three of them, he was the one closest to realizing their lifelong dreams of becoming a Powerpuff Girl and an Avenger, so really, Uly and Joe could bite Peter’s dust. His parents might be scared shitless though. Tony and Steve had stated numerous times that they wanted their children to have a more “normal” life, one that didn’t involve being attacked by a giant squid while walking down the streets or fighting off alien invasions on any given Sunday.  They might be less than thrilled with Peter’s new powers or might even sought to “cure” Peter of his newfound abilities.
“They squabble and quarrel amongst themselves just like humans. They are openly jealous of each other, they tried to sabotage each other at every turn. They’re dysfunctional and some of them, I can say with great clarity, are murderous. So they are indeed no different than the mortals that worshipped them.”
“Chicken nuggets and fries,” Joe coughed out, his breathing was short and hitching. Steve scrambled for the chicken nugget package and saw the writing that stated that it was fried in “100% pure peanut oil”. Goddamnit, Joe was allergic to peanuts.
“I’m a pretty observant guy for a dumb jock,” Jamie grinned, “and at the risk of sounding like that weird sparkly vampire, I notice everything about you, Joe. You’re the most fascinating person in this school. ” Jamie’s warm smile emphasized the sincerity of his words.
“Mm-hmm, tight and form fitting, just the way every warm blooded Betas and Omegas, and some Alphas like you in it.” Tony winked at Steve.
“Never again, Tony,” Steve sighed, “You’re stuck with me no matter what you do.”
ugh writing this chapter was like pulling teeth. i have such terrible writers block. but here you go enjoy 5K+ words of utter nonsense
By mid morning the ring was forged, cooled and ready for Tony to engrave it. A smooth, shiny silver band that felt solid and sturdy enough for Steve’s big hands. Tony engraved the insides with their initials and the date of the day they first met. Satisfied with his handiwork, he told JARVIS to put in an order for a ring box to store the ring in while in the meantime Tony would keep in one of the drawers by his work desk.
“I’m German. We skipped bedside mannerisms in Medical school.” Tony quirked his lips in a small smile at the doctor’s attempt of humor.
Jane fixed him with a look full of annoyance, “I don’t eat shellfish, Thor. I’m vegan.” she said contemptuously, shutting down his attempts at a conversation.
“Power down!” Tony shouted. The suit powered down, its trademark blue light going black and Tony hurried to his side, knocking the suit away from Steve. Steve sat up gingerly, rubbing his throat to ease the bruising left by the armor’s grip, though undoubtedly the serum was already working to heal him by now.
“It’s okay, Bucky. Skin grafts are standard procedure on burn victims. And with Steve’s enhanced healing, he should have an even better prognosis than the usual patients.” Bruce reassured him.
“Oh come on, Tony. We’ve been through this. One glass a night does not make you an alcoholic.”
Steve sighed. He should have known something like this would happen. Tony didn’t seem perturbed when they were all discussing college options, even seemingly encouraging Ulysses to apply to school out of New York so he could explore the world and see what was out there. He should have known that it was all a front, Tony was just starting to realize that one of his sons were leaving soon, becoming an adult that wouldn’t depend on him for every little thing.
Steve took in his husband’s appearance. He was pale, with bags underneath his eyes but that was most likely the result of an all nighter. Clint was right about the panic attack, Tony has started to hyperventilate, though it’s not as severe as it usually would be.
, because he didn’t know how to process this information.
“No. My plan is to erase you completely, so it’s as if we never met and you don’t exist.”
Steve gasped loudly and had to muffle the shout that was surely burgeoning from him. He squeezed Tony’s arm tight enough that he was sure there would be some bruising left on his arm but at the moment he couldn’t careless.
“Never...fight death myself…”
“Wha--?! Tony!”
“I’m your councilman. Maybe I can help.” a new voice interrupted them. They turned to see Alexander Pierce, their city councilman and all around crooked politician, approached their diner booth. Alexander Pierce was a career politician and someone who had a firm grasp on what political maneuvers were needed to be successful in the dirty business of politics. Steve thought if he ever saw a more pragmatic and smooth talking man than this one, he would eat his boots. Pierce had helped them get rezoned with the city council so they could offer live entertainments to their patrons. Steve and Tony never actually promised him they’d pay the facilitator’s fee, and they did everything above board. Just at an expedited timeline. Steve refused to pay the man a cent, fearing that it would forever make their business beholden to a politician. And the last thing Steve wanted was to have his family bar become a place for shady business deals.
Steve was silent for a moment, then his blue eyes widened as he caught on to what Natasha was saying, “Nat, you are a goddess among men.” he finally conceded.
So where did the broken glass come from?
“What the--? Your Highness, are you laughing?” Steven incredulously asked.
.” Peter whined.
“That he...liked me a little. At least he liked the outer packaging,” Tony gestured to himself.
Steve stepped in to stand beside him and reached down to the crib to caress his baby’s cheek. “Seems like he grew bigger than when I saw him this morning.”
“Nope.” Tony reached for his coffee, grimacing as he took a sip. Ugh, decaf.
“Don’t worry about it, Steve. Just focus on getting better,” Tony kissed him, “I’m good at multitasking. It’ll be fun. It’ll be like college again with all the homeworks and projects I need to do at the same time. Minus the drinking and the parties, of course.”
“Okay.” Tony readily agreed, not really looking forward to rehashing the whole event with the rest of the pack. “I’m sorry I lost it, Steve. I should have known better. You don’t get lucky twice.”
“Do you have a picture of the poor bastard that was murdered?” Loki asked again, still exemplifying the Irish accent.
As he hold Tony back in his arms, Steve felt the shackles around his heart loosened and he could breathe again. He inhaled Tony’s cent deeply, immersing himself in that beloved scent. He felt Tony wound his arms around him too, squeezing tightly and pulling himself closer to Steve. As if trying to merge their bodies into one. In this moment, Steve thought they would eventually be okay.
“I know you motherfuckers worked late last night, maybe short on sleep.” Nick Fury, the bar’s attorney said. He was holding a makeshift briefing with the bar’s employees who were on shift last night and trying to control some of the damage this stupid-ass bullshit murder was gonna bring his dumbass clients, “But I need to prepare you dumbasses for what happens next. Now, has anybody not heard about the murder?”
There was a silence across the room. Everyone looked at Steve with surprise in their eyes, wide eyed and guilty at having ruined something important for their pack leaders.
JR: dont worry you can murder him tomorrow. I will help you hide the body
“It’s for reproducibility, Steve. The scientific method matters.”
“I wanted to come meet the guy that makes me fall in love with him every day. And I’m nervous.”
“I learned a lot from reading Loki Laufeyson’s books.” Bruce nodded casually, side stepping Tony’s concerns that his friend just took the fall for a crime nobody among them committed.
“I promise,” Tony solemnly replied and reached out with his hand to caress Steve’s left cheek. Steve covered that hand and brought it to his lips, kissing Tony’s knuckles reverently. “We’ll get through this, Steve.”
“Let’s go.”
“Oh. Uh really?” Clint answered, stars in his eyes. He needed to thank Loki for this.
“What? When did that happen?”
Tony settled down on the floor, back resting against the marble pedestal of the state and let out a groan as another contraction hit him. “Steve, you’re gonna have to help me deliver here.” Tony was sweating despite the comfortable atmosphere of the Tower lobby, his shirt was soaked through. His eyes started to take on that glassy tone Steve saw when he was in pain.
“Thanks, Peter.” Jamie hugged Peter tightly, “I promise, I’ll do right by him.”
“No worries, Big guy. I’ll just stay here with my babies and my Brucie boo, eating leftover casserole, Russian lactation soup and day drinking like the smarter and better looking versions of Kathie Lee and Hoda.”
“Tony,” Steve had his introspective face on, “is something wrong?”
Steve stayed with him throughout the interrogation. His face pulled into that frown that Bucky recognized as his Disapproving Frown and Bucky had to hold back a laugh every time that frown appeared during the course of the interrogation. For all that the times have changed, it seemed Steve Rogers managed to stay true to himself despite of it.
never seen it before. You’re the super spy extraordinaire here.”
“My apologies, Sirs, but there’s an important call coming in from Sir’s personal line.”
“Of course, Your Highness.”
“Something’s wrong.” Tony rasped out. He opened his mouth to say more, to tell Steve that his head hurt and his heart was racing, but then darkness surrounded him and the only thing he was aware of before succumbing to consciousness was Steve’s panicked face and his voice desperately calling out his name.
“Behind it? No. Merely taking advantage of it. It’s good business.” Killian smarmily answered.
“Oh, I gotta go. Sorry, Tony,” Steve looked at his watch, noting that his breakfast with Tony took up almost his entire morning. Thank God it’s Saturday.
Tony, Bruce and Natasha were also there, eating brunch. Tony was still dressed in his workout clothes, a soft t-shirt and pair of yoga pants that framed his luscious bottom. Steve was torn between making him change so no one else could get a glimpse of his omega’s assets and wanting Tony to keep it on so he could keep staring at them. Tony knew that, that little tease, the smirk he flashed Steve as he sat down next to him on the kitchen counter told him as much.
Hearing his father’s voice, Ulysses turned his face from its hiding place and flashed a gummy grin at his father, reaching out to touch Steve’s nose with his pudgy fingers. Steve let his son patted his nose before moving the hand to his mouth so he could kiss that little palm.
“Nice.” Tony snickered, “send that to the family group chat.”
“Like what?”
” Babbo quirked one of his eyebrows up in a show of disbelief.
Come yell at me on Tumblr @chaoticcollectorchaos-me
Ulysses started to fuss, most likely getting hungry. Noticing his nephew fussing, Thor stood up and held his arm out for Tony to give the baby to him. Tony smiled appreciatively at the God of Thunder giving him a bit of reprieve while he drank his coffee. Thor set about to take the bottle out from the fridge and warmed it up in the microwave, not forgetting to test it on his wrist to make sure it wouldn’t scald Ulysses’ tongue as he drank it.
“And the pack?”
“See, Bruce and I haven’t been on a date night in awhile. Ever since Aurora was born, actually. So could you do us a big favor and watch over her for the night?” Thor pleaded with him.
So I imagined the statue at the Avengers Tower lobby to look like the marble statue at the end credits of Avengers: Age of Ultron. Because the end credit was the bomb yo
“Tony, I can’t believe you. Day drinking? Now?” Steve chastised Tony.
“Glad to hear it, Pete. And how are you this morning?” he asked Joe, beaming like a lovesick idiot, though Joe suspected he looked much the same right now.
Sam paused the game, causing the three of them to look Tony’s way. “Sam’s singing? I agree. But he insisted on singing.” Sam shot Bucky a dirty look and punched him on his fleshed arm.
“Uhh, the Giants are on the two-yard line. If they score here they bring it to 14-10.”
“Whoa!” Jamie exclaimed, looking at Peter askance and in awe, “okay, you just proved my point. How strong
“The paparazzis might be dissuaded by the exorbitant ticket price and lodging costs.”
“Joe, you’ll learn from this. What’s to say Peter won’t be doing this even without your and Ulysses’ helps? Isn’t it better this way? He’ll have more people watching his back, more people in his corner, than doing it all by his lonesome. He’s safer with you watching his back than not. And you know Peter, there’s no way he’s gonna stand idly by, letting his powers go to waste.”
“Yeah man,” Quill added, “then when it’s time for you to move on, poof. You just leave. He’d never even know you’re gone.”
“It’s amazing
“We’d be happy to join you, Thor.” Tony’s eyes widened at his answer and he looked like he wanted to put on his gauntlet and blast a repulsor at Steve’s face. His free arm flopping uselessly at his side in exasperation.
“What?” Tony asked.
“And we are going to be training you on the fundamentals of self-defense and strength training. I want to see just how strong you are, Peter.” Papa added to him.
“Who is this now?” Sharon asked.
“This means I can lord everything over Bruce,” Tony cackled hilariously, “now he has to do what I say no matter how “dangerous” or “unstable” the reaction might be. I’m a Nobel laureate, bitch.”
Peter didn’t even know how it happened. One second he was taking pictures of the lab for the school newspaper with his new DSLR camera, a birthday present from Uncle Sam, and the next second he felt something painful on the back of his right hand. At first he just shrugged it off as phantom pains and went back to what he was doing previously, putting the whole ordeal at the back of his mind.
Steve woke up a few hours later. That Hawaiian sun was shining brightly by now, and though Steve couldn’t say what time it was, it was most likely later than his usual schedule. He would have to wake up soon if he still wanted to get in some morning run before he went out for breakfast to have enough time to go pineapple picking this afternoon up North.
One of the concierge, the one Tony remembered greeted Steve on their last visit here, interjected, “Dude he forgot his name. It’s okay, Sir. Go on up. And good luck with your memory problem.”
Right?
Stacy seemed mollified by Tony’s answer, “Okay. Then goodbye, Tony. How about one last kiss for the road?” She closed her eyes and pursed her lips and started to lean in to Tony.
Okay, that was a first. “Where is Tony?”
“Yeah, Buck’s doing fine now. He’s probably gonna still be very nervous and skittish around the rest of the family, but he’s getting there.” Steve reassured him, “is that all? Me, not being here too much? Are you sure Bucky being here is no issue for you?”
“What did I tell you, huh? Am I a genius or what!” Tony laughed. He felt invincible, undefeated. He did it! He solved the sustainability problem of the arc reactor and he managed to achieve the first ever self sustaining controlled nuclear fusion reaction in the world. His life’s work was complete. Illuminated by the blue lights of the workshop and the particle accelerator, he smiled.
And at that moment, everything was perfect. Steve moved closer to Tony and placed his arms around Tony’s waist. Then he angled his face towards Tony’s and pressed their lips together in a soft kiss that soothes every inch of Tony’s wounded soul. Tony sighed, melting into the kiss and leaning his body against Steve. He felt Steve bend at the waist, dipping Tony and deepening the kiss they shared. At this moment, his life was finally complete. Here in Steve’s arms Tony could finally breathe.
“What?” Steve asked, his tone incredulous, “Jealous of what? Tony --”
That was three months ago. They were doing better with each passing day, coexisting and cohabitating like they’ve done it all their lives. Steve thought this was as close to what he envisioned his life would turn out if both he and Natasha had survived the War: this easy coexistence with each other, filling each other’s empty spaces. Two humans broken in just right places for the other to fill.
“Just the one.” Steve punctuated his words with a wink that earned him a fetching blush from Tony. But before he could compliment his mate, their waiter arrived with a tray filled with all the food that Tony had ordered. There were two plates of meatballs smothered in marinara sauce, a bowl of caesar salad and two large pies, one the tomato pie and the other the clam pie. They thanked the waiter after he placed all of their orders on the table and set about to load their own plates up with the food.
Never one to turn down a challenge, Steve agreed “You’re on.” They shook on it and turned their attention back to the game where the announcer then said exactly what Bucky had predicted would happen. Gallmann did run the ball in to the End Zone and scored another touchdown for the Giants.
“Don’t worry about it,” Clint hollered from the couch, “Imma keep this clean.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve walked into the bar. It was still early in the night, that the patrons were still few and far in between. He spotted Natasha at her usual station, making notes on the tables and the patrons on the counter. She looked up as he saw him approached and greeted him.
.” Tony told Ulysses who was in his arms, but seemed more interested in the lollipop Dr. Rosenberg gave him earlier.
“Fourth time’s the charm, babe.” Tony grinned in response.
“He looks like both of you,” Rhodey said as he peered into the bassinet, where Ulysses was laying down, sleeping the day away after feeding. “He has your hair, Tones. That messy, curly, rambunctious hair. But I bet when he grow up, he’s gonna have Steve’s aww shucks smile down pat.”
, Steve. See ya,” As they both walked to their respective vehicles, both men couldn’t help but catch their breaths over the events of the morning. Both felt as if they’ve finally met the right partner, someone they delight to know better, and eventually someone to spend their lives with.
this is where the hijinks and shenanigans tag start to come into play :D
Once again, thanks for reading this story!
The Avengers fought seamlessly with each other. At the beginning, they were still fighting separately, as they were wont to do. But after Bruce’s arrival (on a scooter of all things), Steve started calling the shots. Now, he, Natasha and Bruce as the Hulk were working on containing the damage on the ground while Tony, Thor and Clint were up high, trying to bottleneck the portal that was funneling the Chitauri to Earth.
Steve dutifully helped Tony to the Avengers tower, flashing uncomfortable silence to the people around him who were looking with wide eyes and disbelief on their faces.
“Okay, Anthony.” Steven flashed him a shy smile, one that Anthony returned wholeheartedly. This man was so fascinating, the arrogance that was usually present in people as handsome as he was noticeably absent. It was exhilarating and refreshing for Anthony who had his fair share of arrogant beautiful people milling about around him. “I don’t mean to presume but I think I have a better plan to defeat this monster, and with your permission I’d like to slay him on your behalf.”
Steve, on the other hand, is on a completely different spectrum. Tony’s husband seem to embody the adage “the personal is political”. Once he readjusted to waking up 70 years in the future and have caught up to the current sociopolitical situation of his country, Steve is one of the most outspoken public figures in current time. After coming out as bisexual and being in a relationship, and subsequently marrying a man, it seems as if Steve have a "no holds barred attitude" towards his opinions. He openly proclaims being pro-choice; He endorsed candidates running for the House or Senate, the most recent being a 28 year old Democratic socialist Latina from Queens who is poised to become the youngest person elected to Congress; he openly criticized the Catholic church’s stance on gay rights and their handling of the sex abuse scandals; he would go to rallies urging for stronger gun controls and his biggest achievement to date is to enter a Twitter war with Donald Trump and blocked by the President on Twitter.
Tony took in his shock with aplomb, only patting Steve’s hand and telling him not to look at the menu and just let him order. When the waiter stopped by their table, Tony ordered their food and conversed with the waiter in flawless Italian. Steve felt a little hot under the collar as he heard his mate spoke that beloved language. By the smirk on his face, Tony knew what he was doing and what effect it has on his mate.
“Yes, please.” Tony said, taking a sip of his scotch.
“You’re not supposed to know,” Peter whined, “nobody was supposed to know.” he paced back and forth in the empty classroom, muttering to himself, “Uly and Joe are gonna kill me. It’s bad enough that they worry every night when I go patrol the city but to have you, a civilian, know my secret identity is just bad to the power of infinity.”
When they placed him in Tony’s arms, Tony was unprepared by the onslaught of emotion washing over him. He knew he loved Steve, loved him with all his heart, all his being, but the love he felt for this little boy in his arms was beyond encompassing. Tony would die for him, give away his fortune, give up everything just to keep him safe, happy and fulfilled. The moment he saw those cloudy blue eyes, so much like Steve’s, gazed blearily at his own brown eyes, he knew that Ulysses belonged with him, and there’s nothing in the world he wouldn’t do for this little boy’s happiness. When he glanced up at Steve, he saw that same love reflected back in Steve’s eyes. His blue eyes was filled with unshed tears, and Tony noticed he was trembling a little bit.
Yup, disastrous. At least the paella tasted good, Tony thought ruefully.
Steve had confided in him about him and Aunt Peggy back in the day. How they had planned to go dancing once the war was over, and how Steve, even until now, had never learned to dance, because he was still waiting for the right partner. As Tony read that text, he was elated yet at the same time, he knew something was wrong for Steve to be sending this message out of the blue. It felt like a goodbye message. And his suspicions were confirmed when JARVIS informed him  targeting sensors at Avengers Tower was triggered and he saw all the intelligence leaks on the internet, courtesy of Natasha Romanov.
