“Well, Tony also got suspended from his boarding school. So while he was switching schools he went to ours for a semester. It’s actually pretty funny, y’all missed each other just by a little bit.”
When Steve returns he drops the runny eggs onto his plate. He leans across the counter and kisses Tony. “Art imitating life.”
Steve apparently also heard it because in the next second a chorus of, “shut up,” by the both of them.
God, he never has wanted to be working at a Starbucks more than at this moment. The place he worked at, doesn’t write customer names on their cups. Right now, he sure would like to know this customer's name. But he probably wasn’t going to see him again, Steve had gotten used to the usual customers. And this cute guy? Definitely not a usual customer, Steve would have remembered him.
Steve rolls his eyes and he does that stupid thing with his lips curled up. “And what about it?” He asks Tony.
Tony notices Steve fidgeting with his hands. “Are you stressed,” he asks. Steve is his friend if he was stressed, Tony would be genuinely concerned. Who would have thought? Tony agreeing on this project would have actually made him make a close friend, who was also really hot. But that was just objectively speaking.
Steve’s shoulder brushes Tony’s. Steve’s not even trying to hide his smirk when he snaps a picture while Tony is protesting this whole thing.
He’s not prepared for the sight of Steve wearing one of his shirts in his boxers with a spatula in his hand.
Tony’s eyes move to where Bucky and Nat are dancing together. “Are they dating?” He asks Steve, Bucky and Steve are really close so he has to know if they are dating. Tony has been dying to figure out what is going on between them. He’s not one for drama, but as soon as the drama includes other people, he’s invested. Steve laughs and shakes his head.
“I’m not moving for at least a couple of hours.” Is what Tony says to Steve first thing in the morning. His face is shoved in a pillow trying to block out the sunlight coming through the blinds.
Steve posts the picture on his Instagram then puts the phone on the table. Tony laughs at his antics, this happens every time Steve posts. He immediately always lets go of the phone for the next couple hours.
The next couple days of filming were a blast on set. Filled with laughs and jokes, the entire crew was on a bet for how long it was going to take Bucky and Nat to date. But lately Steve Rogers has been on Tony’s mind.
Tony is so close to flinging his phone against his wall, although he remains calm. He does not need to deal with this right now. He has to wake up early tomorrow to set up the house for the Halloween party.
Tony glared at him. It was not unusual for other frats to join another’s party. Tony looked through the window and made contact with Rhodey. Rhodey just shrugged at him. “Fuck, fine only because you brought booze.” He leads them to the kitchen area where all the drinks are laid out and goes to find his friends.
is good. Maybe finally he and Steve can end the long-standing rivalry. Does that make him a bad president if he doesn’t even know what this long standing feud is about? He just
As he was walking to the main library, he plugged in his headphones. Some mood music for his walk to occupy him. When he opened the door, he opened his chat with Rogers.
Tony coughs to gather Steve’s attention. “I sleep wherever I can. Sometimes that happens on the couch in the dressing room. Sometimes it happens in the break room. And sometimes I get yelled at for it, but that’s a risk I’m willing to take.”
He got called into work early for a screen test with the people they were considering for the role. When he started to pull up to the lot he saw someone parking in his spot.
“We’re not friends, Rogers.” Tony says, but he’s smiling, just a little. “Speaking of, why aren’t we friends? Why do our fraternities hate each other so much?”
But when it happens, it’s awkward. Their lips are forced, it’s not passionate how their characters are supposed to be.
Steve looks back and forth between them. “Why is this so civil? This is not normal. Are you two about to fight in the library? Please don’t.”
They were very lucky that Halloween fell on a Saturday this year. As the day progressed, more of the brothers started getting into their costumes. Halloween was not something they took lightly, everyone always went above and beyond with their costumes. This year, he and Rhodey made an impulse purchase and bought these huge inflatable dinosaur costumes. As he and Rhodey made their grand entrance down the stars the brothers all clapped and cheered. Admittedly they looked really stupid and took a lot of space but it was funny. Pepper made them pose in the backyard and proceeded to take multiple shots of them, “for the ‘gram” was her reasoning. They proceeded to take multiple group shots with everyone in their costumes waiting for all the guests to arrive.
“Hey, I’m full of surprises, very unpredictable. You know, don’t judge a book by its cover and all that.”
“Shit, I’m sorry, didn’t know you liked him so much. You know, it’s a little repetitive for me, since three out of four years of high school we did his literature. I’ve heard it all. His entire life story. Guess I didn’t miss that much.”
“Eggshells also work, but I have more salt around me than eggshells. Not to mention that it would be highly unethical to serve eggshells to customers who may be allergic or vegan.”
“Clint—”, ahh yes, Clint Barton, if Nat was a secret spy he was definitely secret spy number two. Who also happened to be in Steve’s frat. Which was his rival frat. Nat was killing him, what was about to do, go join the frat?
“C’mon, I could tell you all about it over coffee. How about it? After class? At the coffee shop near the library?”
Steve nods, “as you should, I honestly don’t know why this movie is such a big deal for you, I’ve never seen it.”
“Hey, you two went the entire month of November not yelling at each other at a party, don't break the streak now.” She tugs on his arm then leads the way.
Rhodey started at him perplexed. Then dragged his hands to his face and groaned. He slowly dragged his hands away and turned to Tony. “You know how those bastards at Phi Delta Theta are our sworn enemies?”
As everyone slowly leaves their table to either go sing, dance or get more drinks, Steve moves closer to Tony.
As he’s heading back to Steve’s apartment, praying that he will like the coffee. Walking back also makes him realize that he left his phone back at the apartment so texting Steve wasn’t an option.
Surprisingly the next time they meet is not at the library or class. Tony quite literally runs into Steve while at the coffee shop. Their collision causes Tony to drop his phone. Sadly, the muffin he was holding onto for dear life slips out of hand. As he steadies himself, he looks up to start yelling at them about his food. When he notices he quite literally bumped into Steve.
That's all Tony thinks about as he tried to fall asleep. He is so out of it by the time the lecture finishes on Wednesday. The professor gives back their marks and although Tony worked hard on it he is still surprised that they got 87%. He looks over at Steve, who is smirking at Tony. Steve leans over and points to the area where she had added feedback.
As the customer says his goodbye, Steve catches the glimpse of his smile. Steve waves goodbye as his chest tightens.
They practice their presentation more times than Tony has ever practiced for anything in his life. His whole life motto had always been to just wing it. But he can see that Steve is stressed so he agrees to go through it as many times as Steve wants. It’s when they are practicing when Steve mentions he’s excited to visit his mom. In
God, why did people still do this shit? It wasn’t middle school they could easily make their own partner but nope, they are back to the old bullshit.
He lets his breath, drops his arms. “Let me in, we need to have a chat.” The guys from Steve’s frat have already left the window deciding the show was not entertaining enough for them.
Cute guy seems to just disregard his order, and smiles at Steve, with his eyes shining brightly. “So you noticed me. I’m recognizable enough to have my order memorized. What was my defining quality? My eyes?”
Steve laughs then kisses him. He hears Steve leave the bed then footsteps. Finally when Tony has decided he has had enough of lying on his bed he makes his way over to the kitchen.
Tony raises an eyebrow. “So that’s your type? Pretty guys?” Steve rolls his eyes, “I like what I like, simple as that.”
When the next Wednesday came, Tony sat down in his seat and turned to Steve to thank him for helping him clean up. As he opened his mouth, Steve looked at him coldly.
“You’re not going to die from filming a romantic comedy,” is what Tony’s manager, Maria Hill says to him when she delivers the news.
As more filtered in and out, Tony started looking at all the costumes. Some people didn’t even try, slapping on a jersey or just glasses. Basically, the bare minimum, although he noticed some unique ones. Natasha had dyed her hair completely blue and was wearing a yellow rain jacket.
The professor then began to read a list of what topics were appropriate for presenting. She then placed the list on her desk and told everyone to write their name and their partners next to the one they would present. “Go fast, and put our names down for anything you like.”
Tony jokingly called her a soccer mom and suddenly it stuck. Everyone was calling her name to beg to have a sleepover after practice if they scored enough goals. It was moments like these that Tony was reminded why he chose to be in a fraternity. No matter what, they had each other's backs. They sort of formed their makeshift type of family. Like how they had unwritten rules in the house that everyone just simply followed. Like how Peter was considered the younger brother to everyone, he had everyone under his thumb. Tony had dropped off a house key to Peter in the library at 2 AM way too many times to count. If it was any of the other brothers he probably would just let them crawl through their window. Or how everyone knew to give Bruce space when he started to turn green.
He rips the page out of his notebook and carefully hides it in his textbook, then puts it in a drawer. He would deal with this whole mess later. He did not have enough time to unpack this.
“I saw it while I was out doing errands, made me think of you since it’s all I’ve been hearing for the past month.”
“The two of you, not only act like children, are children,” Nat says to them, pouring more coffee into her cup.
“You are making a scene, Christ’s sake, Tony, what are you even doing?” Tony stands with his mouth open about to start another yell when he sees him.
Tony’s brain is still catching up when he hears Steve’s apology and some curses. Steve is moving backward, grabbing his bag, then rushing in a way that he is not running but is certainly faster than a walk. It was all happening so fast, that Tony stands still until Steve completely disappears from his line of sight.
Steve threw his head back and began to laugh. “Sure, Tony.” He tied the garbage bag and set it onto the floor. “I should probably head back home now.” He started to head for the door and waved goodbye. Once again Steve moves way too fast for Tony to even comprehend what was happening. How did he do that? Was he secretly the fastest man alive?
Steve starts the day off with, “rock paper scissors to who has to run to the dinner and get breakfast.”
If Tony had a dime for everyone he got asked if he and Steve were dating, he would have a lot of money. Enough money to probably buy an island.
When he finishes the coffee, he hands it over to Tony. Tony keeps one hand on the mug his other wrapped around Steve’s hand.
“Well, you know how it is, early mornings, coffee is my saving grace” Tony says laughing lightly. Maybe he wouldn’t bring up the parking lot story.
The cute guy looks up at him with widened eyes. “It has been my goal for so long to be a regular at a coffee shop, I’ve been waiting for that moment for someone to say
Tony ran off to the front porch. “Rogers! What can I do for you?” He crossed his arms and looked at him.
Next Wednesday, Tony accepts Steve’s offer of the coffee. As he begins drinking it, the professor goes over the last project of the semester. This year was going by really fast, he actually enjoyed it so far. A vast improvement from September Tony wishing for it to be over. Now he was dreading the exam season. Plus the extra stress added onto it by going home for Christmas break. He was excited to see his mom, not so much his dad.
“Nope, Rogers, you mentioned that you were crazy obsessed with Iron Man that you covered your bedroom wall with posters.”
Tony hears Steve thanking them, he doesn’t know how to feel. This guy couldn’t possibly be so bad, even though his first impression wasn’t so strong. As everyone else clears the room, Steve looks over to Tony.
Tony wakes up from his phone's notification sound. He turns towards his bedside table and reaches for it.
He learns things about Steve during these dinners. Such as how Steve wanted to be an artist but now paints as a hobby. Tony gives some of himself away as well, he talks about how his mom loved musicals. They both share a mutual love of acting. Somehow in the midst of all this, Steve takes Peppers words literally and actually begins to post more on Instagram. Tony smiles when he pops up on his feed, he sees the donuts they had eaten the previous night, or he sees the coffee Tony had earned and had misspelled his name. Tony however really likes the pictures Steve posts of the cast.
The customer’s question is said with him explaining that he is an avid coffee drinker but has never had a cup like this.
. Rhodey will not be there all the time. Rhodey knows he wants to go into the army, he has a whole life plan. While Tony does not even know what he wants to do after university. At this point, he was thinking about doing his masters so he would not have to deal with his dad nagging him to take over the company. Then maybe get a doctorate and keep getting more doctorates until his father has enough. The moral of the story is that Tony has no clue what to do with his life. He knows he is majoring in electronic engineering. There are many jobs available for it. But, his dad had always told him that his only option was to take the company.
Steve laughed and fuck he needed to add that to the list, #4-the sound of his laugh when I say something so stupid.
They’re on the couch, it’s a set party. Tony sees all his cast mates, and other people on the crew all around the room.
The moment Clint leaves with some wise words of wisdom, that Tony will absolutely not use. Since Clint’s last words had been, “don’t be a dick for once.”
“Your parking spot? That’s why you gave me the nastiest look, I knew it wasn’t about your coffee,” Steve says triumphantly.
As their lecture finished, Tony looked at Steve coldly. “I was going to say thank you for helping me clean up and offer a coffee to repay, but since you’re acting like a disgruntled pelican, I will just leave you with my words. Have a nice day,
Tony has no idea how this ended up happening. Steve entered a celebrity lookalike contest, but also Steve lost said contest. Right now standing in the crowd, Tony can see Steve on the stage. He is currently arguing with the host of the competition.
Steve slid his hands over Tony’s thighs to cup his ass. Steve took off Tony’s boxers and leaned forward, licking him. Tony felt like he was flying. Steve made him feel like he was soaring through the air. Steve opened wide against the underside of Tony’s cock and started to suck. He held him in his throat as Tony began whimpering, “Oh, God, oh. You’re gonna make — holy shit, I’m going to come.” Steve squeezed his thigh, and Tony lost control and coated Steve’s lips and tongue.
Tony pushed off of him and took a step back. “We need to talk, Steven.” He said sternly. Steve looked at him innocently. “Hey, stop looking at me like that, I’m serious and you know exactly what I am going to yell at you about.”
“If it makes you feel better, no one here can keep their mouths shut, we all love the gossip. Also the kiss on your cheek was kinda obvious,” Clint says shrugging.
They had agreed they would release that they were dating on their own terms, not sitting on a couch talking to a peppy interviewer.
Tony makes another list, this one much smaller, only to get all the shit outside of his head. In all uppercase, he writes REASONS WHY YOU CAN BE IN LOVE WITH STEVE ROGERS.
Tony bustles in the room, looks for a seat and luckily finds one so near to him. He rushes over and realizes
Tony shrugs. He knows fraternity rivalries are inevitable but they tend to be fundamentally ridiculous. Sometimes the beef between the two houses is necessary. Nobody is going to get over a physical fight or property damage. The origins vary, sometimes you live close to another house, causing a rivalry just by simple proximity. Or sometimes it would start by always competing against each other in various rec sports to get first place.
“You’re lying. There’s no way. Of all the years I’ve been living, I don’t think I’ve met one person who has genuinely liked that garbage.”
“What’s this? The student surpassing the teacher?” Tony teases, but Steve doesn’t bite. Instead the blond is left looking concerned. “I mean the dreams, they feel pretty vivid, almost like they’re real.”
It’s a little absurd to assume there would be lube in the living room, so Steve pulls Tony’s legs from around his waist and presses them back until they’re flush against Tony’s chest, exposing Tony even more to Steve.
“I’m going to forgive that little affection,” Steve said as soon as Tony was within whisper distance. “But you’re on thin ice.”
Tony watches her go with a dumbfounded expression. He knows he was wrong, but he can’t help feeling angry still. His fists clench at his sides as he starts toward his shower. He needs to get cleaned up, have these clothes cleaned and shipped back to that psycho’s house in the woods, and get back to life as usual.
It was a fair question, and Steve smirked. He reached up and trailed knuckles down Tony’s cheek. “Don’t worry, you’ve only disobeyed once. Although, you can be such a slut when you want to be, can’t you?”
Slowly, Tony began dragging himself on hands and knees beside Steve. He kept his head down, tried not to focus on the throbbing in his cock. It was swollen red now, itching for relief. Tony had a good view of it from down there.
With his eyes squeezed shut, Steve found himself completely lost in the pleasure, letting himself be consumed by it. He didn't get a chance to warn Tony he was going come. The orgasm was enough to almost make his knees buckle. Luckily, Tony's choking brought him back.
“I’ll have you here and now, if you let me,” Steve mutters into Tony’s skin. He can’t get enough of the scent, all hot arousal, the scent of mate unraveling a warmth in Steve’s stomach he’d never known. He feels safe, protective, at home, loved.
The doors shut, and Steve’s hand fell into Tony’s hair petting him gently. Tony kept his face pressed against Steve’s crotch, knees spread, cock out on display. He was down deep now, Steve could tell by the soft familiar way he breathed. He was loose, ready for the next command, ready for Steve to move him in any way he desired.
Lucky for Tony, his alpha has abandonment issues, and enough guilt to insist on looking after his stubborn beta. Of course, there's also that underlying bond that Steve had refused to mention.
“For some reason I really doubt that…” Tony stretches a little and pads out of his bedroom toward the bar he had set up in the lounge area.
The blond surges forward then, closing the gap between their mouths. Knowing now that the feelings are returned is the best thing about this whole mess, and Steve can tell Tony is a hundred and ten percent into this if the erection pressed against his thigh is anything to go by.
Tony doesn’t even notice Steve behind him as he throws the razor down into the sink. It gives one last buzz before dying off, Tony’s anger breaking the machine. It’s fine, he’ll buy a new one.
Steve let out a bitter laugh, and crossed his arms over his chest. "Do you hear yourself? My job is to keep everyone alive whether we defeat the enemy or not; we're a team."
Steve had just about had it with Tony’s constant insolence. His inability to work with others surpassed absolutely anything Steve could ever imagine in a headstrong fool.
Tony’s tongue wrapped around Steve’s thumb sucking it clean before pulling back. Defiance flickered in his his gaze, and malice filled his tone as he replied. "To listen and follow what you say, Commander Rogers."
"Good afternoon, Captain Rogers," JARVIS greeted dutifully. The workshop door was locked and would remain that way until directed otherwise.
“I haven’t lied to you yet, have I? And still you don’t trust me at all. Fine, I can live with that. I can’t force your trust, but you do need to listen to me, because that stunt in the bathroom? That’s just the beginning, and it’s nothing compared to what you’re going to experience in, oh,” Steve checks his watch, “five hours. That’s it, that’s all the time you have to stop denying that this is happening and just let go. Accept it, that’s all I ask. Come to terms with me, yourself, and your new wolf. Fighting him will only make him more agitated, and there is nothing worse than an agitated werewolf on the night of a full moon.”
Tony is mere yards away as the animal takes charge. The pain he'd felt in his ankle was nothing compared to what he feels now, as the teeth of a vicious wolf lock onto his already swollen ankle.
Tony’s too far gone for reasoning, his eyes a bright glowing golden. He struggles beneath Steve, his claws extended as he desperately tries to swipe at Steve’s hands, pinning down his wrists. Steve’s been there before, being a teenage werewolf wasn’t as glamorous as Hollywood insisted, and too many times he’d found himself in Tony’s position, which is great because that just means Steve knows exactly how to handle this.
“Steve…” Tony’s tony was desperate, a little panicked, and worst of all broken. Steve’s entire façade drops to the floor at that sound
"Mute," Tony replied, effectively silencing the AI. If he only had a limited amount of time, he wanted to focus.
“Okay, look,” Tony hands the towel over to Steve to dry his hands. “I need you to stop doing that weird thing where you make a vague remark. You’re in no way assuring me that you’re not some crazy guy who lives alone in the woods with his pet wolves preying on innocent joggers.”
With his free hand, Steve reached up to unzip Tony’s shirt, pulling it down at a teasing pace. All through this, he pressed their hips together.
Heading out of the door, the woman stops and turns back to Tony, "hey, whatever you decide to do, be careful."
“Right, okay, except” Tony takes a few calming breaths, “I can’t be turned into a werewolf because I’m already a vampire!” Tony starts laughing again.
Tony’s face was on fire as he started down one of the rows. He could feel the cool air on his exposed cock, as he walked up and down the aisles like some sick office pervert. By the time he got back to the elevator he was leaking like a siv.
Tony reached down to touch himself, a transgression that Steve would allow for now. He could tell Tony was getting into this now, and he didn’t want to discourage that mindset.
Steve’s movements were a little clumsy, and very lazy once he did get started moving again. He reached down to move Tony’s hands from his cheeks first. He moved them for Tony, who was nowhere near resurfacing yet. Bringing him back after these scenes always took a little time, and Steve was happy to take it.
That was an odd request. Tony furrowed his brow in confusion. Steve knew there was no one here past ten, what was the point of checking? Is that why they’d be visiting so many floors? He could do a security camera sweep of the building in ten seconds if Steve was worried.
“Don’t say anything, okay? Your time to speak is over.” Steve hates being this harsh, but he has no other choice, Tony has given him nothing but grief. “You’re so frustrating, you don’t even realize what’s to come.
"Well," Pepper starts, pulling her tablet from her purse. "I'm going to look into rescheduling the meeting you just cut short. How about you just let me know if you need something?"
Tony sat back on his heels and looked up at Steve. At this angle Steve could see just how neglected Tony’s cock had been. He almost felt bad about it, but then he got an idea.
Steve’s head drops forward as he lets out a soft sigh like he'd expected nothing more than this from Tony.
However, as far as Tony's aware, the whole situation's over with, water under the bridge and it's settled as soon as he's shipped off Steve’s clothing.
Thank you so so much for reading. This was a long and painful road but I feel really proud of the writing I've accomplished here! I wanna thank Morphia my beta, encourager, hand holder etc...for being amazing throughout the entire thing. And most importantly I wanna thank all of you so much for reading. Leave a comment letting me know what you think thanks again for reading!
Inside the music cut off instantly, and Tony looked up surprised to find Steve in the door way. His expression softened when he saw him, but then he glanced at the clock. "You're early," Tony accused.
Steve removed his fingers from Tony’s mouth when he felt satisfied with how wet they were. He wasted no time slipping his hand down the back of Tony’s pants.
The most frustrating thing of all is Tony'd thought this was over with. After the pizza incident – nearly two weeks ago - Tony hadn’t shown any strange symptoms at all. But now he's eavesdropping on a conversation eight stories below him, and he doesn’t understand how that's even possible.
Tony's blissed out on the feeling. He’d had sex before, and a lot of it, but this is a whole different level. There's all of these feelings, these emotions that aren’t Tony’s. It's as if his heart is a shared space, Steve nuzzling his way in, and Tony's more than happy to let him.
“What the hell is happening to me?!” He cries, to no one in particular, head hung low, eyes shut as he concentrates on his breathing.
Tony's heart rate was significantly elevated this morning, but that was most likely due to the three cups of coffee consumed in the last ninety-two minutes. Any more and JARVIS might've short circuited the outlet the machine was plugged into.
Steve wraps his hand around the wolf’s muzzle holding his mouth shut, his other hand keeps the wolf tight against his body.
Every instinct in Steve’s body is screaming 'run to him, screw clothing, Tony needs you'. But he doesn’t think he could use that as an excuse as to why he's running around the city barefoot and naked.
With a palm to his face, Steve continues, “we have a certain bond now. Tell me, how have you felt this past month?”
Tony continues his own journey to his office where, behind closed doors, he can tuck his non-existent tail between his legs, and lick his metaphorical wounds in private.
He doesn’t know who to thank for bringing them together. The odd chance of Tony taking a jog on the full moon, spraining his ankle, provoking Steve’s wolf. The odd chance of Tony being his mate. Steve doesn’t believe much in fate or destiny, but this was surely meant to be.
The wolf tilts his head back and lets out a fierce, helpless howl, one that breaks Steve’s heart and he grips Tony tightly and buries his face into the fur on Tony’s back. The anxiety Steve is feeling for Tony is a hundred times worse for the wolf himself, he’s practically vibrating under Steve’s hold, desperate for escape.
Rhodey barked a laugh, clutching his side as Tony scowled at the nearest ceiling mounted camera. "Betrayed by your own tech, that's a new low even for you."
“Okay no, stop. We’re getting away from the point here, and we need to talk. So maybe we should take this into the living room. I can finish the dishes later, you should be sitting when you hear this.”
“It means I don’t have time to keep up with Hollywood’s latest and greatest…” Tony takes another pull from his glass and sighs.
Tony replied, something muffled and immediately dismissed by Steve. He was sure Tony had something extremely insightful to say right now, but he was more interested in getting his fingers wet enough to slide into him before the car ride ended.
The way Tony had tucked the pillow up under himself put his ass on a perfect display. First he’d get spanked, then he’d get fucked, and Steve wouldn’t even need to move him much.
Two more thrusts and Tony was cumming hard, untouched. He moaned, and arched, and clenched sweet satisfaction right around Steve’s cock. And, well, that was all Steve needed to finish too. He talked up a pretty good act, but at the end of the day, it was Tony’s pleasure that brought him his own pleasure.
Then it hits him, the most glorious smell in the world. It’s the scent of pizza, no, not just any pizza. It’s the pizza from Tony’s favorite hole-in-the-wall shop, Little Angela’s. The scent is so strong, and it drags Tony right out of his seat, stomach grumbling in desire as he heads toward the door, fully expecting to see boxes of pizza when he opens it.
As Steve goes on to list the threats of an untrained person in a wildlife preserve at night, Tony completely zones him out. Instead, the memories of the previous night hit him like a bag of bricks and he's tossing the sheets off of himself to examine his injuries.
Startled, Tony jumps at the sudden command, but finds himself following through without question. Once seated on a barstool, Tony growls. Before he can say anything, Steve’s approaching him.
Steve made short work of lubing himself up. If he spent too much time on himself he might cum at the sight of Tony open and eager in front of him. He really did make such a good toy. Maybe next time he’d tie him up and take some photos, but not without discussing it first.
Tony scoffs, standing up finally and stretching out. He turns back to the bar top to down the rest of the liquid in the glass. He knows it won’t do anything for him, but it still tastes pretty great. “If you think you won’t need to use those little tricks on me again, then you clearly don’t know me very well.”
"Nah.” He reached up to stretch out his arms and back. His shoulders popped with relief and he cracked his neck slowly. "I made the date; I might as well actually show up for it. Hold my calls, J, set my status as 'out of office'. I'll be back in about an hour."
“I’m here,” Steve assures as he leans down, without a second thought and kisses the man beneath him.
There's a howl, a loud and legitimate howl, and Tony doesn’t realize it’s coming from himself until he opens his eyes and sees the look of love on Steve’s face. The man thrusts into him rhythmically, his hands leaving fast fading bruises on Tony’s hips as he howls along with him.
"You come when I say so, Stark." Another command that made Tony's glare piercing enough to shoot daggers. Nevertheless, Steve found it amusing, knowing that Tony would comply.
Without a word Tony went on to comply. It gave Steve some time to reach down his own pants and give himself a few good strokes. Since the car Steve had been hard as a rock and ready to go, but good things came to those who waited. This was about Tony for now, Steve would get his own.
“You definitely verified that it happened,” Tony nods, “I was beginning to think it was something I made up in my aggressive state.”
“So, hey,” Steve starts, casually. He passes Tony the dish he was just washing, picking up a mug. “How much of last night do you actually remember?”
By now, Steve knew Tony’s body better than anyone. He knew exactly which angle, and how deep he needed to go to brush against his prostate, that little bundle of nerves that would light up Tony’s vision and make a mess of their bed.
"Sir," JARVIS chimed in then. "Steve - heart emoji - is requesting you call him back as soon as possible. He's picking up dinner and is unsure which rice you prefer."
“Oh,” Tony stutters before walking over toward the freshly brewed up. Folgers, Tony thinks as he takes in the smell, it’s his favorite. There are two large mugs already set out, and Tony pours the hot liquid into each. “How do you take yours?”
As Tony scrubs soap into his hair, he absently realizes what his brain had been ignoring all morning. Tonight is the full moon. Tony curses himself for even thinking about something so ridiculous and rinses his hair off.
Despite the thirty minute distance between the tower and the preserve, Tony makes it home in ten minutes, even in the midst of rush hour traffic. He's lucky to not get pulled over by the cops, because his story's not likely to make much sense to anyone who didn’t experience it first-hand. Which also means that when he gets home to find Pepper waiting for him in the lobby of the tower, he's going to have a very difficult time explaining things to her. And boy does she look like she needs an explanation.
“You’ve been reading my diary, huh?” Tony snarks, but the truth is, he doesn’t like Steve knowing all of this without his consent.
“You’re putting the entire city in danger, you need to learn to control yourself before the moon. Tame the wolf inside of you, work together as one, and everything else will click into place.”
Chalking it up to mere coincidence, Tony settles back down into his bed, relaxing a little as he falls into a content slumber.
It takes a moment, a very long moment, but he’s able to calm himself down, and he’ll have to remember this tactic for the next time. Steve and his smile, so friendly and sincere. Steve with his wildly unrealistic claims of being a werewolf, and the way he made the noise in Tony’s head stop with a single grip of his shoulder.
Tony gets two pages into a google search about werewolves before calling bullshit and slamming the laptop shut. He can’t believe he’d even go so far as to search it.
Before he can even finish his sentence. Cute guy talks. “Tony. My names Tony. Makes sense for you to know it since I’m your favourite customer.”
“It’s chemistry, for a 1.5 liter pump pot it only took about half a teaspoon of salt to make the entire thing better.”
“Okay, you take this side and I’ll take the other and we will meet in the middle,” Tony says, waiting for Steve to reject his idea. He surprises him by just nodding and carrying on to retrieve cups.
Steve looks over at him. “Who? You’re seriously worried about people on our row? Thor Odison? He’s too busy being pretty and riding off the success of his TikTok fame.”
They had decided to get over their nerves for their presentation tomorrow they would meet up for drinks. This was a harder obstacle than Tony would have thought since they couldn’t be seen together. It would wreak havoc on their frats. In the end, they had decided to meet at a club far enough from their university that they wouldn’t meet people they knew.
Steve brings up his arms then crosses them. “What are you insinuating,” he says with a small frown, he looks like a child who just got told they can’t have ice cream for dinner.
“You are so infuriating,” Steve whispered as his lips were grazing at Tony’s lips, waiting for Tony to make the first move to initiate the kiss.
After he leaves, Tony looks around the room for Steve. He can’t find him anywhere, as his eyes are roaming the room. He feels the couch vibrate as someone takes the seat next to him. He turns. He sees Natasha smiling.
“Thank you, Tony it’s really nice of you.” Steve’s hand rests on Tony’s thigh, Tony was heating up and had no idea why. They must have turned up the heating in the library, that was the only possible solution.
When Tony gets back from the library, he sees everyone is getting ready for a movie night. The big bowls of popcorn on top of the coffee table. He grabs a handful when he hears Rhodey scolding him for eating like a caveman. As he settles down, he feels his phone vibrating.
3) Tell him no, don’t clean it yourself and wait until tomorrow to yell at his housemates to clean it. (Pros: No cleaning from himself, no dealing with Steve. Cons: Brothers will be mad, and the house will be dirtier for even longer.)
The expressions he gets from the three people in the room certainly don’t help. They finally agree with not denying or confirming their relationship. Maria argues a point that this could help during the press junket since so many people are excited for their dynamics.
At one point, the guys at Phi Delta Theta decide to prank them. Pranks are usually a phase that kids grow out of, but that is not the case for fraternity brothers. They’re in that sweet spot of being young enough to hold onto the childhood immaturity and having the independence to pull any prank they want. The prank they pulled is stupid and gets on Tony’s nerve. When he enters the class the next Wednesday, there's no hiding the smug face that Steve has. Honestly, could they have done anything better? Taking a pack of gelatin powder and dumping it into the toilet, has got to be the
Quickly, Steve raised an eyebrow. “I am assuming, this is when you say ‘But it would look better on my floor?’” He asked.
Steve was standing in the doorway, in sweats and barefoot. Tony takes a look. Sure enough, there was the blue-eyed-hottie wearing his medium red t-shirt. The shirt he had torn his entire room upside down to find. God, he should have known that Steve had taken it hostage. It was unfair how hot he looked while just wearing comfortable clothes.
Steve finds Tony at the same spot he left him. He hands the drink to Tony, “I didn’t know we were playing musical chairs,” Steve says. He sits back in his original spot.
were friends this would be an inside-joke. Tony’s fast texts that he never double-checks for typos, grammar, punctuation versus Steve’s thoroughly checked texts.
Tony feels Steve’s hands move from his waist to play with his hair at the nape of his neck. Tony brings his hands to his face, trying to rub the sleep out of his eyes. “Do we even have to go?” He asks Steve.
that plant pot seems like the best option. There was a perfectly standing coffee table right there! Tony’s thought process stops when Steve smiles shyly at Tony.
Steve Rogers’ goal is to hear the sentence, “Steve, when you’re here, the coffee is just better.” He’s heard it multiple times now but each time he hears the sentence, it makes him a bit happier. Of course, the reason why the coffee tastes better is that Steve is using his secret recipe. His secret recipe that’s probably not a secret since it’s a very common tactic.
One time he came into the shop while Steve wasn’t there. Ever since then when we asked for coffee with milk and two sugars, it was made by Steve. His explanation was simply that Steve made it best, and if Steve’s traitorous heart soared from hearing that. Well, he had always wanted to be known for good coffee.
They lucked out by having a late day to shoot. They took this as a blessing, and have been leisurely enjoying each other’s company.
She rolls her eyes.“You guys ready to act as professional coworkers and film an intense makeout scene?”
Since he and Steve have been getting along after the 4AM incident. Tony has been waiting for it to come crashing down. It’s just how Tony’s life works. Something good happens, it never lasts. Steve somehow figures out his coffee order, now when he enters the way too early class he has a hot cup of coffee. He doesn’t think too much of it. Though maybe he should. Maybe his coffee is poisoned. Rogers wouldn’t do that. Maybe it's a prank? That would make no sense. Maybe he is testing out Pavlovian response on him. It was kinda working because now Tony would get excited about Wednesday’s class. He knew he would get a fresh cup of coffee and Steve’s silent remarks in his ear.
“This was your best try?” Steve asks. “Get a tired Steve to do it when his vulnerability is low,” he says.
“I’m going to need time to process this new development,” Steve says, still staring intensely at Tony.
Steve rolls his eyes then reaches out for Tony, he pulls his phone out and opens the camera app. He moves the dean to fit Tony, moves closer to Tony on the couch. “You ready?”
Steve leaned in, once again their lips were so close together yet so far apart. Except this time, Steve knew he could lean down and capture Tony’s lips in a kiss. “Well, now you can get coffee from me anytime.”
As Tony takes his sip of coffee, Pepper’s assistant comes to gather Bucky and Nat for a scene they have to re-do, Pepper leaves with them. Tony feels a whoosh of air then suddenly someone is standing right next to him. He turns. Then turns back to his cup. Why is Mr.Stealing Parking Spots here? In the corner of his eye he sees him take the coffee and leaves as quickly as he entered Tony’s space. Tony hears his name being called and finds the room where the screen test is happening.
“There’s…” Tony growls softly, and heads toward the stairway, pushing open the door and leaving without another word.
Suddenly it hit Tony, but he couldn’t stop his legs from moving him forward. This wasn’t about checking to see if anyone was here, it was about humiliation. It was about putting Tony in a place where he was used to being in a position of power, and removing that power from him. His dick gave a twitch of pleasure as he stepped out onto the floor.
As Tony steps out of the shower, the mirrors are all fogged up. He grabs a towel and heads back into his room to pick his outfit for the day, only returning to the bathroom twenty minutes later to style his hair.
It was tense and silent in the large conference room. At one end of the table Tony sat, carefully not glaring at Steve, who sat at the other end, his pen too loud against the paperwork he was filling out. Witness reports of all things, because once again Tony had gone out of his way to royally fuck things up.
If Tony noticed the way Steve was taking charge already, he didn’t mention it. Instead he went with all of Steve’s suggestions, even forewent his usual cologne for the one Steve picked out. It wasn’t his favorite, but Steve wanted him to wear it, so why not?
“Well Pepper, if you’d given me any time at all to tell you about the night I just had, I'd be able to explain that I spent most of the it unconscious on the ground of the nature preserve.”
Steve is standing at the stove, cooking up the last of the bacon, and what a brave soul he is frying without a shirt. Tony’s eyes rake over his back, down his broad shoulders, across his slim lower back, over the swell of his bottom.
You’ve already earned yourself one punishment for the night. Are you trying to go for two? Get over here. Now. -S
Steve groaned low and thrusted his hips forward, twisting his fingers into Tony's hair, urging him to take more. Tony suppressed a gag and supported himself against Steve’s thighs, causing an imprint of small crescent moons to appear against pale flesh.
“Ready?” Steve asks, resisting the urge to reach out and still Tony’s leg, even if he knows the contact would soothe Tony enough to calm him down.
“Very good,” Steve praised, brightly. He leaned down and pressed a wet kiss to the heated red skin. “I think you earned yourself a fuck, don’t you?”
Tonight was different, sure Steve was dressed just the same, but instead of sitting on the couch to wait, he decided to actively participate in Tony’s ‘getting ready’ routine. That meant standing behind him in the mirror and watching while he shaved, it meant picking out the suit he wore. That meant telling Tony to slick his hair back into place with gel, and ‘no, not that watch the other watch’.
Pepper isn’t sure how much more abuse the little device can take when they finally enter the elevator and she speaks up. “Tony.”
As soon as the words left Tony's lips, Steve had their mouths smashed together, one hand tugged the brunet’s locks, and his other hand pulled at the collar of his shirt.
Tony growls and it takes absolutely everything in his power to not get out of bed and chuck something really heavy down the eight floors toward the two people. He grips another pillow to his head, practically smothering himself in the process. He hears fabric rip in his frustration, a tingling sensation at the tips of his fingers.
Steve didn’t wait, he seated himself fully, then pulled out to do it again. He started his pace hard and fast and didn’t let up. Now that he was finally inside Tony there would be no holding back. He wanted that friction, he wanted to feel Tony tighten around him with every thrust he gave. Every time Tony lost control it was such a beautiful sound, a perfect sensation of tightening around him. He wanted that, and he wasn’t going to make the other wait any longer for it.
"Alright," Tony sighs softly, turning to look out the window. With the sun setting beyond the building, Tony gets an idea. He's going to go for a run, and he knows just the place.
Tony’s cheerful mood diminishes quickly, narrowing his eyes. Steve has a point, but not one good enough for Tony to believe in mythological creatures. “Maybe it wasn’t as bad as I thought it was. Maybe it was just twisted, or bruised and now I’m fine.”
The order clicked in Tony’s mind a moment later and he slowly stretched himself out, face down on the floor. He then started rutting like a dog against the floor. It was humiliating as all hell, but Tony didn’t care enough to stop, the rough fabric against his dick felt amazing. He just wanted to go and go until he--
A strange feeling comes over him, the urge to walk up, wrap his arms around the park ranger, burying his face between his shoulder blades. He wants to take in Steve’s scent and leave marks across his skin, claim him for his own. Tony shakes his head, sure he’s attractive, but that’s getting ahead of himself, even by Tony’s standards.
Once Steve was satisfied, he called Tony back to the elevator and the doors closed again. Steve crowded him once again, and Tony didn’t even flinch. He tilted his head back kept himself open and willing to whatever Steve wanted to do this time.
Tony moans, and he feels the same, a mutual feeling bouncing between the two of them, neither knowing where it starts or where it ends. It doesn’t matter much as Steve’s wrapping Tony’s legs around his waist and pulling him further down on the couch.
“Yeah, that’s me. Tony Stark, CEO of Stark Enterprises.” It's all so casual for him, as he sips at his coffee. The food is all very good, but it's the coffee that's keeping Tony awake at the moment.
“Take your time,” Steve said giving a reassuring squeeze to Tony’s hip. “I’m right here, there’s no rush.”
The fact remains, the full moon is drawing closer and despite Tony’s claims of not believing a thing Steve had said, he’s getting anxious. No, he’s getting downright panicked.
The scene had started long before they left the house for the night. Whether or not Tony knew that, was of little concern to Steve. He was too far focused on dressing Tony up just the way he liked, something he didn’t typically do for events.
After collecting his things, Tony stands from his seat and leaves the room without another word. Pepper follows behind him, the click of her heels echoing through the empty halls as she trails behind him, noting his odd behavior. His shoulders are tense, his back slightly hunched as he jams his fingers at the delicate screen of his phone.
Steve absolutely loved the way Tony looked when he took orders from him. He loved most things about Tony actually, but tonight wasn’t about love. Tonight was about humiliation and control. It was about getting Tony to that quiet place deep inside his mind where he was nothing more than a feeling. And Steve knew exactly how to do it.
“I understand perfectly!” Tony says, not looking back as he walks barefoot down the trail. There are signs; he’ll find his way back to his car. “You’re totally crazy!” And that’s the last thing Tony says to the blond park ranger who saved his life.
Steve pulled his phone out, tapped out a quick message and hit sent. From across the room he watched as Tony pulled his phone out to read the message.
With that, Tony reluctantly snapped his mouth shut. He gripped at Steve's uniform shirt, attempting to pry it off, but was only getting as far as a sharp tug before his arms were pinned above his head.
Steve chuckled as he approached Tony's desk. He bused a kiss to the top of his head before flopping into the chair beside him. "So I am." He checked the watch on his wrist "go ahead and finish up. You got nine minutes."
Laying back against Tony’s expensive leather sofa, Steve lets out a belch of satisfaction. Tony laughs, glancing out the open windows, like he had been all day.
This time he didn’t stop Steve at the door or ask Tony’s permission to allow him in. This time Steve stopped outside the workshop door, but he did not peer in expectantly. Instead he tapped the glass, until a number pad appeared. Steve typed in '1776' and his personal access code opened the door.
The speakers in the workshop decreased to 14% to accommodate for JARVIS' announcement. He could already feel the tension as Tony's head popped out from under the hood of the car, eyebrow raised.
Steve sang his praises for a few minutes before Tony began to resurface. Steve knew this because he began to move a little more. He made a few sounds too, not quite words, but suggestions that he was back.
Steve reached up and messed Tony’s slicked back, well kept hair. He wanted the other man to look as unkempt and sloppy as possible for this next floor. This would be the big one. Steve drove it home by leaning in and sucking a quick dark bruise into Tony’s throat just as the doors opened again.
“This is my bedroom…” A voice says from outside the room, then the knob turns and the door opens slowly.
There's a long moment, with Steve still awkwardly sprawled on top of the animal, where it seems as though there's a power battle going on behind the wolf’s eyes. Then sudden relief, the tense body of the wolf relaxes and he begins to shift back into the shape of a man. Bones crack back into place, fingers grows where paws once were, and his eyes now back to dull brown.
Immediately he regrets his decision to make any sound at all, as out of the bushes steps the largest wolf Tony had ever seen.
Through Tony’s lovely black slacks, Steve could see how hard the other man was already. He was probably leaking all over the inside of his very expensive pants, and that turned Steve on very much. They hit another bump and Tony grabbed the handle on the door for purchase.
“I don’t understand!” Tony cries out in frustration. The electric razor is back in his hands as he glares at his patchy beard in the mirror. It's already beginning to grow back for the third time that day.
"It's a full moon tonight, all sorts of crazies out there." She gives a teasing smile and half a wave before exiting the office. She has much more on her plate than taking care of Tony this time.
“Well you’re right on that front, I was born a werewolf, however I know a lot more than you’d think. I can feel what you’re feeling,” Steve explains calmly.
And that's about all Steve can take. Tony had been nothing but aggravating and argumentative since he stepped foot into the house, and even Steve, with his saint-like patience, can only take so much.
Tony looked up and scanned the room for Steve, but his attention was brought back to the woman as she leaned to whisper something in his ear.
Steve was just toying with him now, and if there was anything Tony hated, it was being toyed with. He jerked up and bit Steve’s bottom lip, earning a yelp from the soldier.
Steve doesn’t need much more encouragement than that, and he pulls Tony’s legs up and over his shoulders, lips pressing to the ankle that received the bite that started it all, before sliding in.
As Tony lunged forward, Steve caught the large animal, falling back to the ground much like they had done earlier in the day. Except this time, Tony wasn’t there to snap out of it, it was just Steve, and Tony’s wolf.
“Hallucinations aren’t generally a symptom of turning into a werewolf…” Steve mutters as he sits up, trying to regain some semblance of dignity.
He’s well aware of his temper growing worse by the day. His hands shake, and his legs bounce and he can’t sit still for longer than twenty minutes without having to get up and jog around his office. It’s bothersome, but no one dares mention anything.
Steve’s talking, through gritted teeth, like he too is struggling with the loss. “I have been trying to get a hold of you for over two weeks. The full moon is next week, Tony.”
“Why the hell else would I still be so desperate to talk to someone as ignorant as you?” Steve hisses.
Bacon is all Tony can think about when he finally wakes up. And that’s probably thanks to the smell of freshly cooked bacon that’s filling the room. No, it’s not just filling the room, it’s completely taking over Tony’s entire sense of smell.
Tony makes a break for the open door, wanting to be free of this building’s confines, wanting to run under the moon’s light. Steve grabs the wolf up as he darts past and throws him toward the couch.
“Hello?” Tony called as he stepped into the floor. Steve didn’t need to tell him twice, he always was a fast learner.
It’s the strangest thing, how Tony, without so much as opening his eyes, can tell how many strips, how long they’ve been cooked, and which particular brand it is. If he focuses hard enough, he can hear the sizzling sound from beyond the door, Tony’s mouth waters.
Tony clutches his chest, right where Steve’s hand had been, unable to admit even to himself how that look hurts him more than it hurt Steve.
When they stepped into the lift, Tony hit the button for their shared penthouse suite on the top floor. Steve had other plans and reached out to pressed a few other buttons as well. One opened on the accounting level, one in HR, one was Tony’s own office floor, the workshop level, the recreation room for the team, and finally the penthouse.
“They could probably sleep through an alien invasion if it came down to it. Anyways stop deflecting.” Tony takes his phone out of his pocket and opens Spotify. “What kind of music do you listen to?”
. They leave the library together then separate their paths to get home. They wave goodbye to each other.
As Tony stepped in, Steve busied himself with the coffee machine. Steve took a cup then pressed some buttons, peeking at his peripheral to spot Tony. He stood there, then made eye contact with Steve. Tony was scanning his eyes around the room.
Tony opens their apartment door while looking over at Steve’s phone where he was showing Tony the picture he wanted to post.
Knowing them, they breeze through their presentation. Tony honestly can say he enjoyed this class. Although in the beginning, he was sort of acting out. But that was probably because as Shakespeare would say, “
Tony has taken to posting a picture on his Instagram of when Steve takes a nap on set. The PR team had gone wild when he started to post them since so many fans of Steve and Tony had taken to shipping them.
Steve looks over at him from where he is staring intently at his laptop. “Hacking into my laptop? Seriously, Tony?”
“I know this might sound a little weird to you, but I’m going to need you to be in each other’s presence more, find a way to make the kissing more natural.” Tony nods while Steve looks like he is in deep concentration. Phil continues speaking on the matter. “Grab food together, hang out after set, get to know each other.”
Steve laughs, “I’m sure it’s fine, I just needed the caffeine.” Steve takes in note that Tony is still fidgeting. Steve stands up then presses a kiss to Tony’s cheek.
The more projects they receive, they realize that they will have to meet up after class time to finish them. That’s a new development for Tony since he is always working alone. Even in group projects, he is the one doing all the work, he guesses that has something to do with everyone thinking that since he is smart, he will do everyone’s work for them. He sort of expects Rogers to be one of those people. He is pleasantly shocked when Rogers mentions that they should meet at the library to work on their next assignment.
Tony looks over at him, “Italy, baby.” He gets up and retrieves his clothes. He looked at Steve with an eyebrow raised. As if asking him the same question.
Items were thrown away in huge quantities after-parties are usually the red plastic cups and aluminium cans. Since this party brought in a large audience, these are scattered all over the house. At this point in the night, there are a few people left in the backyard and that's it. Most of the brothers have already gone to sleep. He collects all the cups and brings them to the trash.
The rest of the night carries on. They carry one conversation then another as the drinks they consume add up. Tony convinces Steve that they should go dance after Steve’s protest on how he doesn’t want to. They make their way to the dance floor, Steve has no clue what to do with his hands, it shows. He awkwardly bops his head while Tony laughs,  feeling the drinks settle in.
Tony runs a hand through his hair. Great. They hadn’t even had a conversation about their relationship yet but everyone somehow knew they were together.
“Well, if you had checked you would see that we are starting a new project next week. It’s worth ¼ of our grade. Instead of our strictly usual seat partner, you get to choose your own. Did you want to work with each other? I honestly don’t think I’ve talked to anyone else in that class except for you. What do you think?”
Steve waking up from Tony’s poking wasn’t something new. Something new was Tony demanding a cup of coffee. As Steve rubbed his eyes, Tony came into focus.
Rhodey noticed Tony’s pissy mood, granted it was after a whole round of shots when he decided to finally bring it up. Rhodey becomes some sort of therapist, the more vodka shots he takes. “What’s got all you dark and brooding?”
In Tony’s defense, Steve is more of a hot chocolate type of guy. He barely drinks coffee, and hot chocolate is very easy to order. Tony had been with guys whose coffee orders they even messed up to memorize.
, the class finished an assignment two weeks ago, you finished an assignment last week.” Just then the professor claps her hands to gain the attention of the students.
The professor goes on about the project, while Tony spaces out. He finally gets sucked in to listen when the professor announces that for their assignment they would be working with their seat partner.
Steve stands up so quickly that it makes Tony’s head hurt. God, with his iron deficiency he would have passed out if he stood up that fast. Cautiously, Tony stands up. Steve takes one look at him and runs.
“Did you hear?” Is what Tony hears when Natasha finds him. It’s like she’s got tunnel vision for spotting Tony at a party. He can never seem to find her but she can spot him easily. You would think her natural red hair would make her more noticeable, but she’s like a secret spy who hides in plain sight. Tony excitedly turns to Nat, always ready to gossip with her.
“The only reason my muffin was gonna fall was that you ran into me!” Ha, he ended up getting the last word.
Steve sniffed, “You do need to stop with all the swearing, also would you believe me if I told you this was all a big coincidence?”
He kisses the crown of Tony’s head. “How about I go make some breakfast for us, because we still have work to go to,” Steve says.
So, for one of his electives this year, he decided he would branch out and take one of them. Tony did not know what he thought that day, as he was looking at options, one caught his eye, INTRODUCTORY TO WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE'S LITERATURE. Tony had studied Shakespeare many times, since every single year, his father would send him to a boarding school. And boy, did they love Shakespeare. Year after year, another Shakespeare play would be taught. After giving it some thought, he realized that was a huge advantage for him. The world was his oyster now.
As the night progresses, the more drinks they consume, the more Pepper comes with water bottles. In a flash, they all realize that they have work tomorrow, which is going to suck with a hangover. As all the seats turn vacant, Tony turns to Steve who is obviously not sober and giggling like he just found out gossip. Tony hands Steve the last water bottle then helps him up.
Tony encourages Steve to take a sip of the coffee. Immediately after he does, his eyes widen and he makes a face. Steve smiles at him. “It’s good,” he says while nodding.
Tony shakes his head. “It was only for a semester. I was in between schools because I got kicked out of the latest boarding school. While waiting for another one to admit me, my mom sent me to a school in Brooklyn. We only had one class together. He’s pretty cool. But everyone else in that fraternity is suspicious as hell. And I stand by that.”
Tony feels the need to defend himself, this is all Steve’s fault. Tony points to Steve, like a mature adult then proceeds to say, “Steve’s ridiculous.”
. Which means Tony is going to be in the same area as Steve. Well, there was a whole bridge that separated their Burroughs but the point still stands. Somehow the conversation shifts to obscure knowledge then, useless academic insights that they know. They both agree that all knowledge is worthwhile knowledge.
But fraternity rivalries are ridiculous, so the mere thought of Steve helping is making his blood boil. He walks up to Steve, his footsteps thudding. “What do you think you’re doing, Rogers?”
Tony takes a second. Former friend? Is that what they were? Had he missed them being friends? And now they had already moved on? In the middle of his crisis, someone complains about his phone screen so he rushes to his room.
“It’s a date.” Everything happened so fast. Tony’s brain finally caught up, they were close. Really close, they both looked at each other. Steve’s blue eyes staring into Tony’s brown eyes. Tony had no clue who leaned in first. All of a sudden, their lips were pressed into each other. This was good, like addictively good. Tony moved his hands to grab Steve’s face. Steve deepens the kiss, Tony can hear tiny noises that he is making all because of Steve.
They walked silently beside each other as they made it to the second last door on the left. As soon as Steve closed the door, Tony shoved him against the wood. Steve let out a yelp.
“My dad has been calling me non-stop,” he knows Rhodey and that he does not have to give Rhodey all the details. He always understands it's like he took a class on Tony Stark 101, passed with flying colours. Or maybe he knows Tony well because they are best friends. Tony never really grew up with that, sure he was friendly with people, it just seemed like nobody wanted to be friends with him. His father would make Tony hang out with his business partner’s kids his age to build good connections. He sort of feels like an outsider with them. All the gala’s he is forced to attend, proving his point. When starting school, Tony did not expect to make as many friends as he did. It’s part of why he loves Rhodey so much, he feels like he fits in with him. Rhodey had also helped him build the bots, which added many points in his book. It's nice to have a best friend. Tony does not know what he will do when Rhodey leaves to go to the army.
The next day when at their read through, Phil yet again comes up to them. “How was it yesterday?” His voice to others might sound happy but Tony can hear the underlying threatening edge.
Before Tony can even give an amazing comeback they get called. Steve’s glint in his eyes should have been a warning sign. He leans in close to Tony, his forehead resting against Tony’s. He slowly pushes Tony back into the couch and makes a run for the door. The last words Steve yells are, “race you!”
“Well, I was contemplating it, but I am not opposed to your performance tomorrow when you are hungover.”
Their little feud for the project carries on. Towards the end of the month when they are sitting at Steve’s spot in the library Tony realizes something. “Steve. Steve. Steve.” He was trying to get his attention. “We’ve been so busy trying to be better that we completely overlooked all the other people on our row. All the other candidates!”
Steve gladly takes the seat, he had been standing for so long. He drops to the seat with a sigh, working customer service will do that to a person. He leans back in the chair then looks around the room. “What type of person would choose just normal seats over a booth?”
Steve must know by now that Tony is nervous. He's fidgeting. He hands over the fries to Steve. Steve notices the coffee in his hand too. “You remembered the coffee! You’re the best.” Steve takes a look at Tony, “Are you okay?”
Natasha lets out a sigh. “You two are good for each other.” He follows her line of sight. Steve’s standing in a corner of the room, he’s in a conversation with his hands gesturing wildly around his space. “You've got a good thing going.”
He allows himself a few moments to sob silently. He doesn’t have much of a pain tolerance, and with no one around to hear him he can grieve for a moment. When the moment passes, Tony takes a breath and looks up to the sky, he doesn’t have time for this, it’s getting late and the sun is almost completely gone from the sky.
It’s Friday night, or Saturday morning, depending which way you look at the glass, and Tony’s wide awake, but not of his own accord. He’s lying in bed, his penthouse on the eighth floor of Stark Tower, but somehow, despite his distance from the ground, and the windows that are shut, he can hear an argument breaking out between a couple on the street.
While he popped the hood on his newest restoration project, JARVIS monitored his vitals. They remained stable, or as stable as they usually were. His heart rate was steady in his relaxed state, no heightened stress or raised body temperature, everything was normal for now.
“While you were out you had a visitor," she mentions as Tony takes the items from her. “Said his name was Steve Rogers and it was very important that he spoke to you right away. There’s a few messages from him as well,” she nods to the folder, “but I told him you were out sick.”
A quick scan of Tony's calendar and JARVIS replied. "No Sir, I believe he's here on personal matters."
“I don’t know! But I’m not going to sit here and listen to you talk this nonsense about werewolves! You’re insane if you expect me to believe that I got bit by a wolf, oh wait I’m sorry,” and by now Tony is standing, “I got bit by you and now I’m a werewolf. I’m not Lon
Steve makes a surprised sound, still hovering, now straddling Tony’s naked waist and he pulls back suddenly. Confused eyes search Tony’s for some sort of explanation.
Tony licks his lips as his eyes drag up the expanse of the man’s chest, “no, this is definitely heaven.”
Immediately Tony’s hips stilled and lifted off the carpet. Steve almost regretted the order, it was an odd turn on to watch Tony fuck himself against the carpet. But Steve didn’t want to make a mess, and he didn’t want this to end so soon.
There was his defiant boy, Steve loved when Tony challenged him. He loved most things about Tony actually, but tonight wasn’t about love. Tonight was about humiliation and control. It was about getting Tony to that quiet place deep inside his mind where he was nothing more than a feeling. And Steve knew exactly how to do it.
“You think this is a joke, don’t you?” Steve grabs Tony’s upper arm and pulls him toward a corner where they can speak in private. There are already too many people in the lobby watching them, ears straining.
Steve watched as Tony took it a step further. He walked over to the windows overlooking the city and pressed himself against it. The cool glass felt great against his warm skin and he stood there a moment. On Monday morning this whole office would be stained with memories of this night, Steve couldn’t wait to hear about them.
The doors opened to a darkened office space. There were standard cubicle desks aligned in a very regular way. Tony didn’t spend much time down here, but he had a hand in designing all of the floors in this building (even if all that meant was signing off on the blueprints).
He doesn’t like what Steve is saying, but he knows deep down the man is right. All this time Tony had spent ignoring the beast inside him, trying to push Steve away and deny that anything was happening, but it's not going away. It's time to accept that.
When Tony met Steve at the curb a few minutes later, the car was already waiting for them. It was black, sleek, non-descript. Happy was off for the night, thankfully, Steve wasn’t sure he could do what he had planned if Happy was driving. There was humiliation and then there were lines they just didn’t cross.
“You want it, don’t you, you want to come? But you won’t, because I told you not to. You’ve been so bad, Tony, why should I let you have this?”
“After you,” Steve said pulling the car door open and letting Tony slide in first. Once in, Steve shut the door and requested the driver roll up the partition.
“You can’t leave, Tony. I haven’t even started explaining any of it,” Steve exclaims, and now he’s standing.
“I know you’re afraid, Tony, but please listen to me.” Steve hisses as Tony slashes a claw across Steve’s chest, tearing his shirt and ripping across his chest. Blood drips onto the sofa, but the wounds heal quickly enough, and Steve goes on.
And that’s all Steve needs to hear before he’s pulling on pants, one leg at a time. Switching sides to better cradle the phone with his shoulder, Steve steps into his shoes, and replies “I’m on my way. I’ll be there soon. It’s going to be okay, just relax.”
JARVIS, being the very intelligent program that he was, knew the routine already. He was already crafting a perfectly worded cancellation notice when Tony spoke up.
“Well,” Tony says, setting the dry dish off to the side in the pile he’d created. He recounts the events leading up to the evening, the restless feeling, the business meeting cut short, his decision to go for a run. Then he cuts to the chase, “there must’ve been an uprooted tree of some sort, 'cause I tripped, sprained my ankle though it felt bad enough to be broken. Standing hurt too much, but my phone had no reception so that’s when I started calling for help. Probably wasn’t a very good idea, since that’s about the time the wolf showed up, it must’ve heard me yelling.”
When he finally returns to his desk, LeAnne pages over the phone that he’d missed a phone call from Steve Rogers again while he was on lunch, and that he'd requested Tony call him back as soon as possible. He doesn’t, of course, and sits back in his chair, reveling in the fullness of his stomach, Little Angela’s never disappoints.
"Look what you did,” Steve grabbed at the bulge at the front of his pants for emphasis. “I'm sure you can use that mouth not only to defy me."
Lucky for Steve, Tony’s just a pup in comparison to his thirty years of experience, so it’s easy enough to flip over, pinning the other man to the floor with hips and hands.
As they pulled into the parking garage, Steve knew he had to pull out for now. He wiped his fingers on Tony’s thigh and waited for the driver to come around to open the door. Tony, flushed and erect, began rebuttoning his pants, but Steve reached over and stilled his hands.
They explore each other’s mouths for a while, hands roaming over every scar and mark on the other’s skin. And when they’re satisfied with that, Steve rolls onto his side, Tony never letting him get too far, and they just stare. It would be strange for anyone else, the amount of time spent just looking at one another, no words exchanged, but for Steve and Tony, it's all they need in the world.
As soon as the car is shut off, Tony pops his valuables in the glove box and slides out. Bringing nothing with him but his phone and his keys, Tony shuts the car door and immediately takes off onto the designated nature trail.
“Honeybear, you wound me, I mean, what’s he going to do, hide in his room from me? I’ll corner the guy and he will simply have no room to escape.”
Steve looked at him surprised. “Well obviously, I wanted to mess with you, now can we please have sex.”
Tony huffed. “All I’m saying is, it definitely looks better on me.” Steve then took off his shirt and wow. Steve. Seeing him shirtless always reminded him of that summer. The
Without even skipping a beat, Tony evaluates the slideshow, the title in all bold, SHAKESPEARE’S LANGUAGE. “I was mentioning to my seat neighbor here, how crazy it is that Shakspeare has been credited by the Oxford English Dictionary with introducing the English language with about 3,000 words.”
That’s when he sees him. He’s holding a garbage bag and depositing all the cups left on the coffee table in the living room. Now, Tony is always appreciative when people clean up at a party. He’s the one throwing it, his house is the one that’s getting trashed so it’s always nice to see people helping to tidy it up.
Steve laughs then shakes his head at the absurd ones, which were mostly all of them. Because he didn’t drink his mom's coffee when he was younger, thinking it was hot chocolate to only be let down.
At last, Steve agrees with Tony to dance with the group. As they all form a circle and are screaming the lyrics to some 2000’s songs, Tony’s eyes meet Steve’s. Steve smiles shyly and Tony can see red forming on his cheeks, huh that’s weird Tony realizes. Maybe Steve had drank too much.
Acting with Steve so far has been really fun. Tony’s been enjoying their romance on-screen. And Tony knows that their chemistry is off the charts, pretty much everyone in the crew has mentioned it.
The movie they are filming had reached a whole fan base without even releasing. Fans would see how the cast interacted with each other on social media, paparazzi would take photos of the cast on a night out partying.
Tony made a face. “Ew. Okay, remind me not to get on your bad side,” he says with a pause at the end. “This is when you say your name.”
Rhodey raised an eyebrow and began to cut him off. “How long have you been in your lab for, I think you need to get a nice eight hours of sleep and calm the hell down.”
The interviewer seems to buy it. And for the truth, what actually has actually happened with them. Well, Steve moved in with Tony, Steve just did an amazing movie, and Steve has a whole side of Tony’s closet. Their last day of filming the movie, Steve had parked right next to Tony’s car. And Tony, well he laughed so hard reminding himself of the first day they had met.
“You are holding a cup of coffee, I don’t think you need more. Not to mention, I don’t know your name, who you are. But I do know that you don’t care about your education. And that's enough for me to say n—”
“You talk too much,” he whispers, Steve’s hand has come to wrap around Tony’s jaw. Then suddenly his mouth is moving closer.
Steve smiled then, his cheeks turning red. “What makes this so ridiculous. Is that it doesn’t really matter why two fraternities are rivals. What makes the rivalries so ridiculous is the things they make us say and think. You hate everything about them. And it’s even more stupid when you start to nitpick every little thing about them. One time I walked by your house and saw that you hung an awful painted banner, and I thought to myself ‘Damn, their pledges suck, they can’t even paint a fucking banner’.”
“Do you actually like it?” Who would want to genuinely listen to music that’s just asking to give you a headache?
Tony should have known not to pick up the call, although his career relies on him answering it, so he answered it. He mumbles into the screen. He hears something about an upcoming film Phil Coulson is directing.
Steve’s face is comical. Tony turns to Bucky. “What are you doing in the library? I don’t think I saw you ever go once in high school.”
“I act in a romantic comedy, but now I feel like I’m living in a romantic comedy,” Tony says. He hasn’t decided if this is the worst bit, or best but he finds he doesn’t mind. He walks to the barstool and takes a seat. Steve drops a plate in front of him then makes his way back to the stove.
“Scene!” Phil calls out. “That was great, you two.” Steve is the first one to stand up from his chair, Tony follows suit.
The rest of the month is dealing with New England winter, cold nights, dark nights starting at 5. The highlight reel of the month looks like this: a snapshot of Steve grinning at a passage in Macbeth, a snapshot of Pepper, Rhodey, Nat, Peter, and him playing Clue on their Game Night. This then leads to the snapshot of Tony winning the game of Clue because while they were playing checkers he was playing chess, a snapshot of the last Karaoke Night of the year.
It’s also in November where their professor decided to pull a fast one on them. She thinks that instead of working with your partner, now you’re competing with them. She assigns the whole row of students the same project. Each row a different one.
The professor nods at him, “That is all true Mr. Stark, and you mention a very good point. Everyone, please look at the person seated next to you, that person will be your partner for the rest of this class whenever we do projects. Be acquainted with them.” Tony looks at Apollo and with his smug little smile, winks at him. As the professor wraps up the class and bids everyone a farewell. As everyone leaves the lecture, Tony and Apollo stay in place.
Tony and Steve are running through their lines of the intense makeout scene in the break room. At first, it was just Tony alone on the couch reading through the script. He didn’t even have time to process Steve entering the room, suddenly he was right in front of Tony. He then dropped on the couch, although there were many empty spaces to sit down. Tony smiled to himself, of all places to sit, Steve chose right next to him.
Steve finally sits up. He walks out of the room and starts to head to the kitchen. He’s about to start his process when he notices Tony sitting on the counter, watching his every move.
In the end that is what they agree to do. Good. Tony doesn’t have time to worry about PR stunts now.
Tony is no longer fazed by the sight, he throws up his hands in a peace sign while he hears the camera go off. Steve tilts his phone, Tony nods his approval while he watches Steve tag him in the picture, post it then immediately turn his phone off.
When it’s finally his time to order he decides he can’t go wrong with a double shot espresso. Steve just needed a caffeine fix to help him get through the day. He can’t go wrong with a double shot espresso, right?
Tony smiles. “None of the booths were open when I got here, I did the best that I could do in my situation.”
Tony just shook his head. “Remember, like five minutes ago, when we passed that hot blond guy that looked like he could be from Olympus leaving Centerpointe?”
“You know what, Tony? Because of that I might just add salt in your coffee.” There. He did it. He told Tony his secret. The secret he had held from his own coworkers because he wanted to serve the best coffee.
Nay punched him in the shoulder. Her light punch was definitely not how Tony would describe a playful punch, but to each their own. “What was he like in high school? Tell me everything. Spill all the details.” The rest of the party Tony spends gossiping with Natasha. Until Rhodey comes to find them and finally Nat witnesses their matching costumes and bursts out laughing. Tony makes his rounds, talking to everyone and doing shots with his brothers. His eyes scan the room. He doesn’t know what he is looking for. Maybe someone to spend the night with.
. Here let me put you on something.” He clicks on his phone and finally, his speakers start playing music.
Tony takes a moment. Teammates? Locker room? God, for his rival frat, he sure does no close to nothing about them. He must have not hid his confusion well since Natasha’s next sentence is about how the
Oh. “Steve,” he says. Tony smiles at him. That was a close one, plus Tony seemed to completely believe that Steve was joking about the salt.
As he apologizes, she starts to speak up at the same time. “Today’s the big day!” She says excitedly. Tony glances at her with his eyebrows narrowing. Is he forgetting something? Maybe a birthday?
He looks over to Tony. Who is perching on the counter, his feet dangling back and forth like he’s on a swing.
Tony accepts his fate after he loses the third re-match. They decide they want to get food from the nearest diner. “What do you want from there?”
“I can’t wait til this you post it. The ‘stony’ fans are going to go wild,” Tony says. Steve’s quick to click the post button then drop down and give a kiss to Tony’s forehead.
“Guess my notes were especially good,” Steve says while putting his books back in his bag and standing up.
, not luckily. The empty seat’s neighbour is the Greek god. The one from yesterday at the bar. Tony decides he would deal with this later and takes the seat. Apollo shoots him a look that could kill. Tony decided that he would be
Steve pretends to think about it. He taps his fingers on his chin, observing the room. “Tough question, going to have to go with, no.”
Tony remembers the night Steve had been casted. He still had been a little sour about the parking fiasco, to get his mind off of it, he decided stalling his co-star’s Instagram was it. Tony was surprised to see the entire page was just promotional pictures, mostly filled with pictures from his press junkets.
Tony groans. “How is that any better?” Tony suddenly remembers that’s not Steve. Natasha is not dating Steve. Then he shakes that thought out of his head. It does not matter to who Steve does or does not date. Then he remembers he has no clue who the Vice President of his rival frat is. He looks at Natasha with a face of confusion.
“We are not dating,” Tony says defensively, how rude of the paparazzi to assume they are dating when that’s Tony’s end goal too. He has o clue how Steve feels about him. But he doesn’t want to fake date him just for publicity.
Tony looks at his watch and whoa, he definitely did not expect to be at the library until 4AM . “Rogers, call someone who might be awake at this time, there’s gotta be at least one person awake in that house. Steve leaves to call, Tony begins to pack up his belongings. Rogers comes back after his call, smiling. “You’re right, someone was up.”
Tony pokes Steve’s shoulder. “Aw, are you sure it’s not because you absolutely refuse to drink coffee on set.”
Steve rolls his eyes, “enjoy your muffin, that I helped save because of my amazing quick reflexes,” Steve says as he backs away.
A few days later, Tony was standing in the kitchen with Pepper. Throughout the house were students drinking out of red solo cups. Their fraternity decided to host the start of a school year party. The house was slowly getting filled in, more people going out to the backyard. Tony had previously lost a bet with his brothers, which meant he was the sober monitor at the party. So all the alcohol use was controlled by him. Pepper was talking about her interesting elective. Peter Parker, a housemate ran up to him.
Tony makes it to the same place where Steve is. He is grinning at him from winning their race even though it was highly unfair since he had a complete head start. Phil announces that they should rehearse the kiss scene since they have had time to work with each other.
Tony turns to look at the professor, sees details of the slideshow. This class wasn’t kidding when they said INTRODUCTORY TO WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE. The slideshow was essentially a summary of his life. The professor talked about where William was born, what age he got married, his wife. “Oh, no, it’s not like this is a basic knowledge of his life that I could just get from Wikipedia,” Tony says sarcastically.
“So,” Steve starts as he scoops scrambled eggs and bacon onto his plate, motioning for Tony to help himself. “I saved your life, you slept in my bed, you’re wearing my pants, and you’re eating my breakfast. Do you think I deserve to know your name yet?” He asks, smiling around his forkful of food.
In the morning, after five hours of restless tossing and turning, Tony pulls himself out of bed and heads into his morning routine. There’s something in the back of his mind trying to remind him of something, today is important for some reason or another, but Tony can’t possibly be bothered with scheduling when he hasn’t had sleep, and he’s had even less coffee.
“I’m just gonna cancel,” Tony said as he stared at himself in the mirror. “I mean this is ridiculous, how do none of these shirts look good right now? I could’ve sworn they looked good when I bought them. JARVIS, what time is it?”
“I gotta get a new job,” the woman shakes her head. “I knew he was crazy, but man did I underestimate it.”
Tony doesn’t speak, just listens, watching Steve pace as he speaks. He hates this, doesn’t understand why he can’t just get up and tell this guy to go fuck himself already. He sits obediently and listens as Steve drawls on.
Tony kept his eyes locked on Steve, whimpering with every item of clothing he lost. When Steve dropped his pants, he noticed the slow way Tony’s body arched a little. That was when he realized Tony was touching himself.
“This floor should look pretty familiar to you,” Steve said stepping out of the way so Tony could see.
Steve leans forward, pretzeling Tony in half to catch the other man’s mouth with his own. It’s the most important kiss of either man’s life, but it’s also the most simple.
Tony always got himself all dolled up for these events. He had to, the better he looked, the more confident he felt, the better he was able to charm money out of investors. Either for charity, or the next big project from Stark Industries. Steve understood the game Tony had to play, and most nights he was alright with it. But sometimes, it really grated on his nerves to watch Tony saunter around all false confidence and charm.
“Sir, I feel as though you might be down to your very last shirt. I can assure you, you look fine in any outfit you choose.”
“Okay,” Tony shakes his head walking out from behind the bar. “Let’s get something straight, Fido, I don’t need anyone, least of all you.”
Tony settles down on the couch now, no longer pulling away from Steve with every move. Instead he seems content to listen to Steve, his ears pulled back.
It was a quiet Wednesday, and Tony was able to get plenty of work done in the few hours before lunch. JARVIS even went into hibernation mode, ready to return online when called for, but reserving energy in the meantime.
Hanging up is one of the hardest things Steve has had to do recently, but Tony has proved to be one of the more difficult things in Steve’s life anyway. For some reason Steve can’t find it in him to stay upset with him.
"Sir," JARVIS chimed in. "Steve Rogers is attempting to reach you via text messages. You've got a lunch appointment with him scheduled for 12:30 pm today. Shall I reschedule?"
Sleep is even harder to achieve, the moon growing fuller with every night that passes. He stares from his bed, floor to ceiling windows allowing for maximum amount of light to shine in, reminding Tony of his impending fate, until finally he grows angry, gets up and yanks the drapes shut.
The genius grins up at Steve in a way that makes Steve’s heart flutter, and his hands move quicker to unbutton his pants. He doesn’t bother to pull them down all the way, just enough to pull out his own erection, stroking himself to full hardness.
Back on the elevator, Tony pressed his face against the bulge in the front of Steve’s pants. He was panting and flushed a seemingly permanent red as he nuzzled into Steve’s groin. To Steve’s credit he didn’t cum right then and there. Instead he called out to skip the next few floors and instead the elevator took them straight up to the penthouse.
Tony nods, bracing himself for the worst. This is it, Steve is a murderer, he’s got bodies in a freezer somewhere and Tony’s next.
“Okay. Okay Tony, get a grip,” he exhales and turns the razor on. “Maybe you just...missed a spot?” Tony laughs at that and shakes his head, looking back in the mirror. “No, even I’m not dumb enough to believe that one.”
Tony grabbed his phone, and his coat on the way out of the office. He thumbed the name 'Capsicle' and placed the phone to his ear, a pleasant smile on his face as he stepped into the elevator. "No, dear, I didn't forget." he replied to the voice on the other line. "I'm on my way now.
Tony’s whole stance seemed to change when he read that last message. Suddenly, it seemed, the events of the evening were beginning to dawn on Tony. Steve’s hovering in the bathroom while he got ready, the hand on his lower back throughout the night, and now this.
“Where’s the pizza?” He steps further from the door and looks around, sniffing the air, but the room is empty, void of anyone or anything that would smell as good as what Tony smells.
Steve physically flinches at the mention of that film. “Oh God, no.” he shakes his head quickly. “No, no, an actual werewolf movie, American Werewolf In London? The Wolfman?”
Steve had spent the entire day explaining everything he could to Tony, but he was born a wolf, and he’d never bitten anyone before, so his advice was limited to his own experiences.
Tony gave Camera 27 D a deadpan expression, “yeah thanks, J. Since when did you become such a fashionista?”
“Fuck!” Tony cries out, immediately bending in half to cradle his ankle to his chest. It throbs in a way Tony’s never felt before and he’s absolutely sure it’s at least sprained, if not totally broken.
Tony pressed himself against cold glass windows to peer into darkened offices that he knew were empty. Every little thing he did just brought him deeper and deeper into that place of eager submission. Steve loved how easy Tony was to manipulate.
Absently, Tony acknowledges her departure but makes no sign of showing it. He'd call her later, send her flowers as an apology for his odd behavior. Right now, Tony needs to deal with this itch under his skin that he can't seem to scratch. His foot taps anxiously for a moment before he catches himself and stops.
“If you want some relief,” he said slowly. “Then you can rub yourself against the carpet. Do not cum,” he added. Tony was usually very good about not finishing without permission, but hard lines and clear direction were always key once Tony got to this state.
Tony produced a vase from under the sink, filled it a bit with water and set it down for Steve to put the flowers in.
Tony's soothed by the touch, like all along that’s all he'd needed, a hand against his chest. Steve’s hand.
“No, I don’t think that’s how this is going to play out. See, you’re the director, you tell me which direction you want this evening to go. And me?” Steve’s hand trailed further south, cupping Tony’s semi-hard cock through his pants, “I’m the commander, and you’ll do as you’re told.”
The week passes with an unusual amount of normality as far as Tony’s life is concerned. It’s almost a little alarming that nothing strange happens despite the recent experiences.
Steve’s heart-beat is steady, and his mouth is set in a straight line, and his eyes are narrowed, determined to make Tony believe. There's such a long pause, Steve's not sure Tony would ever reply, and when he does, it's with a laugh.
Steve’s eyes drifted down to watch his seed dribble down Tony's chin, and some splattered in his goatee.
The elevator door opens, and Tony is more than happy to step out of the small confined space and into his wide open office. The sun is going down just beyond the tops of the tallest buildings in the city, he can see it just outside his window. Tony doesn’t want to go to a gym, he wants to be outside, and it’s the strangest feeling.
Tony didn’t take too kindly to the sudden condescending challenge, with his hands on Steve’s chest, Tony shoved him back placing a few feet between them. The look on Steve’s face was priceless, all scrunched up, confused, and if Tony had a camera, he would put that picture on every Christmas card he’d ever send. As it were all he had was Steve, surging forward to shove Tony back against the door of the conference room.
"Just get me off okay, do it." It was as if Tony laid his pride out on the table, only to have it crushed by the wide smirk painted on the blond's face.
For a moment, Tony hesitated. He glanced around the room, it was still early but...well, he had done a lot of crowd work already. If he slipped away now he could claim a stomach bug or an early morning meeting if anyone asked. To hell with it, Tony decided. Whatever Steve had in store would be a hell of a lot more excited than hanging around these stiffs any longer.
“JARVIS,” Tony said. Steve jerked back, looking down at Tony like he was nuts. “Activate sleep mode.”
If he had to guess, he figured Steve would probably drag them to some 'art in the park' event, or maybe just the movies. Either was fine with Tony so long as it was low key, and just the two of them. Long gone were Tony's days of bar hopping and binge drinking, at least in public. He still had his low moments behind closed doors, but Steve made him better most days.
Tony opens his mouth to object to the hand around his arm, to call for security, to make a scene, but he doesn’t make a sound. Instead he follows after Steve, and for the short moment that his arm is gripped, Tony’s aches are relieved and the throbbing in his head eases. But it’s over just as quick, and Tony leans toward Steve, swallowing down a whimper at the loss of contact.
“I’ll just say it. Tony, we’re mates, life mates, soul mates, whatever you want to call it. You’re mine, and I’m yours. It doesn’t seem likely, I know. The way we met was such an act of fate, it doesn’t seem real. The way we’ve spent the past month was so horrible.”
Unfortunately, on Sunday he'd woken up feeling exactly the same, and by Monday he isn’t any better. It’s something he can’t seem to shake no matter how many jugs of orange juice he consumes. He vows to visit the doctor if it keeps up and heads out to the office.
Without any warning, Steve reached a hand down to his opening and pressed a finger in. Probing around and trying to loosen Tony up, only to mentally kick himself for not having lube handy. Tony was so damn tight.
“How can this be?” Tony frowns and tosses the bandages into the trash as he stands, bouncing a little on his heels and feeling no pain. He lifts his foot up, and rotates it, still nothing.
Sharp nails rip the expensive leather to shreds, and Steve’s on top of Tony in an instant holding him down against the couch. He can’t let Tony free. If he gets out, any civilian within a ten mile radius will be in danger. Tony would put himself in danger, Steve can’t let anything happen to Tony. He's not sure he could live without Tony, now that he’s met him. His mate.
“Light and sweet,” Steve says with a small smirk, placing the last of the bacon strips onto a plate and shutting off the stove.
It takes Steve a moment, but he nods just the same and licks his lips. But the dreams had not been just sex dreams, they were so much more than that. Tony’s about to ask what it means. Why would two people who had barely spent any time together before today, why would they be having similar, sexual dreams about one another. He’s about to, but it’s dark outside now, and in the east, Tony can see the full moon creeping up from beyond the bay.
With the image now burned into Steve’s brain, he looked down at Tony, swiped his thumb at a bit of come leftover and pressed it between Tony’s lips. “Now, what have you learned, Director Stark?”
"JARVIS," Tony called him back online forty-three minutes later. "Turn the temperature down a few degrees please?"
LeAnne, Tony’s secretary, greets Tony the moment he steps out of the lift, handing him his second cup of coffee for the day and a folder stacked full of missed messages and important documents from Tony's absence.
Tony turned when he heard Steve’s voice, started back toward the elevator but his legs gave out. Steve was about to go out and see if Tony was okay, maybe this was too much too soon and they needed to end this scene here. But then Steve saw Tony crawling toward him, and he knew the other was just fine.
“It’s not exactly something you forget, you know? It hurt quite a bit. Anyway, I fell over, must’ve knocked my head on a rock or something because I got knocked right out after that. I guess that’s about the time you came along?”
“Yes,” Steve cut Tony off. “And still questioning me? You must really want it rough tonight, huh?” Steve pressed a hand to Tony’s lower back and led him to the elevator.
With that, he pulled out his cock and rested it against Tony's lips. It took a second for Tony to register the thick flesh, and when he did, he took as much as he could into his mouth.
So when Tony looks up from where his fingers have been tapping his pen against the conference table to everyone staring at him with disgruntled looks, he’s at a loss. He didn’t even realize he’d been doing it.
“Because the evidence is right there!” Steve says, pointing to Tony’s leg. “Last night, you said you sprained your ankle, possibly even broke it? You were bitten by a wolf, you hit your head on a rock! Do you have any of those injuries today?”
His mother passed away several years later, of natural causes, werewolves weren’t as invincible as Hollywood made them seem, but before she did, she passed on her alpha status to Steve. She told her son not to take advantage of the power she’d given him, not to use it to harm, and he’d done just as she asked without fail, up until a hiker went and got himself a sprained ankle in Steve’s territory one full moon night.
“Yeah, I’ve got quite an appetite on mornings after,” Steve replies, but doesn’t elaborate, setting the plate on the small space near the edge of the table.
“Good boy,” Steve praised. “Crawl yourself into the bedroom,” he went on. “Get undressed and onto the bed, lay on your stomach with a pillow under those slutty hips of yours.”
“You’re…it’s going to sound absolutely crazy,” Steve prefaces it. “But I need you to keep an open mind. I need you to let me explain, and just don’t freak out okay?”
“Oh God,” Tony pulls the plug from the wall, the razor’s buzzing dying off before he hurries out of the bathroom, unable to stand the sight of himself anymore.
Once those were arranged, Steve held his arms out and Tony embraced him. They shared a brief kiss, before Steve offered his arm on the way out the door.
“Eggs were a little dry,” Tony says, watching Steve’s smile fade, “I’m just kidding, it was all very delicious. I can’t believe we finished all of it.”
Tony’s one of the last out of the room, despite being the main cause for the early dismissal. Pepper stays behind as well, slowly gathering her notes and files into her black briefcase. She stands when Tony does, watching him from the corner of her eye.
Steve sighs, and he feels for Tony, really he does, but he’s done all he can, and now it’s up to Tony to pull through.
“What did we learn today, Stark?” Steve asked as he climbed off the table, wiping his hand on Tony’s undershirt.
“I can help you, please call me.” There’s a phone number scribbled on the bottom of the paper and Tony shakes his head as he tosses that paper into the trash as well.
Tony swallowed down a retort, instead lifting his hips to meet each downward stroke, his breath became heavier. Steve thought he looked better this way, playing at the will of his hands and taking whatever he was given.
Steve holds his hands up in surrender, showing Tony he’s not a threat, calmly requesting he stand down. “Tony, I’m here to help.”
“If you just concentrate it won’t be nearly as painful as that was, don’t fight it and it won’t hurt.”
According to his meticulously kept calendar, all of Tony's meetings ended at 3:30 pm sharp on this Friday afternoon. This allowed the genius time to sneak down to his workshop to get started on some of his more personal projects.
“I’m Steve Rogers, I’m a ranger in the preserve. You’re in my bedroom, which is in a cabin, in the middle of the woods.”
When Steve slips out from inside Tony, it’s a disappointing feeling for both of them. Tony wraps his arms around Steve, pulling him close as he relaxes his legs on either side of the other man’s hips. The kiss is deeper now, more sensual with the rush of lust at bay.
“I’m sorry,” Tony holds his sides, taking a deep breath. “I’m sorry, but how can you honestly expect me to believe that?”
Steve grunts as his grip on Tony’s mouth slips and the wolf turns his head to immediately chomp down on Steve’s shoulder. The blond groans in pain, eyes lighting up a bright blue in response, but he resists the shift, instead he shoves Tony off of him and stands quickly.
Groaning, Tony rolls over and pulls his pillow over his head, smashing it against his ears to try and drown out the sound. It doesn’t work.
Back at the Tower, Tony hangs up the phone and curses himself out for being so dramatic. He can’t help it, he needs Steve. He can’t explain the sudden dependency either. It's as if the moment he decided to accept Steve’s assistance something in his mind clicked into place, a piece that was previously missing.
“Help!” He shouts again, there’s a ranger station somewhere nearby, he’s sure of it. If he had any idea where he was, he would at least attempt to get up and hobble toward it.
There was a moment of hesitation, Tony knew exactly what Steve wanted, and doing as he said meant so much more than a simple nickname during sex. But desperate times led to Tony laying desperately across a table in a conference room he’d never been in before at the mercy of one Steve Rogers who had a grip on his dick like the jaws of life and, well, Tony was only human.
“I feel it too, Tony. You're constantly pulling away, avoiding me, it’s straining our bond. It’s not natural for either of us.”
“You want to take the lead, Director?” Because Steve wasn’t the only one with a fancy title now, and he had no problem using it against Tony. “By all means, show me the ropes…”
And since Steve wasn’t a cruel man, he doubled over Tony pressed his lips to the shell of his ear and gave him permission.
When they arrived on their floor, Steve pulled away from Tony and stepped off the elevator. “Crawl with me,” Steve said, hands in his pockets.
“Uh, I don’t know if you’ve realized this, but I’m the CEO of a multi-billion dollar technology, I don’t exactly have the time for science fiction movies.”
The words die in his throat as a loud cracking sound fills the room. Tony’s eyes widen and he calls out a loud yelp of agony as he drops to his knees in the middle of the floor.
To Steve’s credit, he didn’t have to do much like this. If he kept his hand perfectly still the bumps on the road did all the work for him, and there were plenty of bumps. Tony groaned as they hit a particularly bad pothole forcing Steve’s fingers deeper into him. The driver called back a muffled apology, but they were both a little too preoccupied to acknowledge it.
"What the hell is wrong with you?” Steve asked, through gritted teeth. “I mean really, how many times do we have to go through this, Stark?!"
The doors open, and Tony doesn’t wait for Pepper’s response as he walks into his penthouse, shedding clothes on the way.
The woman was gorgeous, really. If Steve was into sharing, he might even suggest she join them for the night. He didn’t even blame her for the way she was leaning into Tony, running sharp red nails down Tony’s Armani clad arms and giggling flirtatiously at every word he said. She was the perfect pawn in their game, and she didn’t even know it.
Tony resisted the urge to whimper at the sudden rough treatment, and kissed back with as much force, or at least tried to. However, at the moment, Steve was bursting with dominance and anger, accompanied with a white hot lust that seemingly consumed him.
With the sun gone, Tony can see even less than before. His phone is on its last life, not that it matters all that much, out in the woods he's not getting service anyway.
“I should have told you, it was unfair not to. This bond doesn’t just affect me, it’s both of us. I guess I was thinking about it in terms of two people meeting for the first time.”
And Steve gets it. Tony’s sudden rush of lust, it’s a mutual affection. Tony feels the bond, and his every instinct is to make it official, and Steve’s is the same. The full moon means more to them than just a force transformation, it’s the time their kind feels the most alive.
Before Tony could even think about wiping his mouth, Steve spoke down to him. "I want to see you take it all. Eat up, Director."
Trying to stand is probably the worst idea Tony’s had in a while, it results in him right back where he was, but this time with a sore bottom from collapsing right onto it. He groans and pulls his phone from his pocket, pulling up Pepper’s name.
Tony’s apology and his request for a week off work to recover from whatever it is he needs to deal with.
Steve doesn’t say anything, though he knows exactly which dreams Tony is referring to. He’s experienced them just the same. Something on Steve’s face gives him away, and he watches as realization hits the other like a freight train.
When Rhodey stepped into the penthouse, Tony greeted him with a bright smile and a tight hug. JARVIS could detect stress in Rhodey, elevated blood pressure, and body temperature. Tony noticed too, so he offered him a drink, and a friendly ear. Apparently there were problems within the Colonel's division of the military, that's all the details JARVIS' managed to gather before Tony muted his recording equipment. This was a confidential conversation.
“So obedient all of a sudden, what's changed?” Steve asked, his breath danced across the tip. “Is it because you want something? Now it’s all ‘please sir, I want some more’?”
Steve had explained how most newly turned werewolves don’t make it past their first full moon without an alpha’s guidance. Either the pain of the transformation would be too much for their fragile human state, or the hunters would get them. But some, some would turn on their first full moon taking their wolf’s shape, and never shift back, they’d take off into the wild, never to be heard of again.
Tony scoffs and closes the lid on the bottle, “well maybe if you hadn’t bitten me a month ag-“ Steve cuts him off with an angry bark of his name, Tony does not flinch at the sound of Steve’s voice, but he did shut up abruptly, his entire focus on Steve.
“Tony, sweetheart, could you do me a huge favor?” Steve’s tone was sweet, but Tony knew better. This wasn’t a favor, nor was it a suggestion. This was an order and he knew if he didn’t comply there would be more punishment to follow. “Could you go on out there and see if anyone’s here?”
A spike of anger shot through Tony at yet another failed attempt, which made Steve to smirk at his obvious frustration.
“Dammit!” Tony shouts, nearly throwing the phone against a tree before thinking better of it and sliding it into his pocket. What good is a phone with no service, anyway?
“Goodnight gentlemen,” the man said. He offered Steve a little nod and returned to the car to drive off.
Tony growls viciously as he lunges forward. Steve’s expecting the attack, and he catches Tony by the wrists, both of them tumbling backward onto the plush bedroom carpet. Tony snarls, snapping newly formed fangs at Steve’s throat.
When Tony finally makes his way out into the kitchen, stopping in the bathroom along the way to answer nature’s call, he finds the small table covered edge to edge with breakfast food. It’s more than enough to feed a small army, or a pack of wolves, and Tony thinks maybe Steve’s expecting more guests, but then his stomach growls and he thinks, yeah he could eat at least half of this.
Steve didn’t lie; he gets there within the hour, which is quick considering the distance. JARVIS greets him in the lobby, and grants him access as allowed by Tony. Steve makes his way up to the penthouse floor as instructed by the AI.
Tony scoffs and tosses it into the bin, but there’s another page just beneath it, the same half-hearted folding as the first.
Steve looked up, his eyes willing holes to appear through Tony’s thick skull, at least then he might be able to get his point across. This wasn’t a game, it would never be a game. This was their lives -- Tony’s life -- that he was playing with, and even if it didn’t mean anything to Tony himself, Steve couldn’t think of anything more important to him.
He stepped away a few moments ago to use the bathroom. He took his time, giving Tony plenty of opportunity to find someone who would get him in trouble. For the entirety of the night, Tony had been glued to Steve’s side, and while Steve loved to flaunt Tony off like a trophy, he needed Tony to get in a bit of trouble tonight. So he gave him space, and he gave him time, and Tony, the beautiful fool, didn’t disappoint Steve at all.
“Made quite a spread, huh?” Tony asks, mixing in cream and sugar, leaving his own coffee bitter and black.
Furiously, Tony begins unraveling the cloth until he can see the cloth beneath it. Tony's kind enough to catch the gauze before it hits Steve’s bed, but it's not the dried blood that makes Tony gasp as he examines his leg.
Steve had promised a prompt arrival at six to pick Tony up for their night out, but in the meantime Tony busied himself with Stark Phone tinkering. The latest version, Stark Phone IX had a few bugs in the operating system, nothing he couldn't fix with a little work, but he knew he needed more than a few minutes to do it.
Although the blond was beyond the point of pissed off, he didn’t know what to do anymore, reprimanding Tony held no weight; it was as if he was talking to himself. That didn’t mean Steve wouldn’t try.
Tony sits up slowly, the blood rushing from his head and he crawls his way across the room to his dresser where he knows he left his phone
As Steve’s cock buried itself deep inside Tony, it seemed as though he pushed the air right out of his lungs. Tony deflated with a sharp exhale, hands still clutching his cheeks even as he relaxed into the movement.
Tony jumps back when he makes eye contact with his reflection. His once very normal, brown eyes are now a bright and glowing golden. He drops the razor, nearly catching his foot when it lands on the floor, buzzing.
When he pulls into the lot, there are still a few cars. It’s an ideal time for fishing, for catching that last bit of sunlight at the shore of a lake. Tony doesn’t have time for any of it, he needs to run, his fingers tapping restlessly on the gear shift in his car.
As Steve scrubs at a dish, warm water washing the suds away, Tony stands to his right to dry. It's not the greatest assembly line, but it gets the job done.
“Please, don’t…” Tony whispers in his last moments of consciousness. He can feel blood pouring from his forehead, and he can hear the sounds of four footsteps coming closer.
“I can help you. Please call me.” Tony recalls the note he’d thrown as he searches his contacts and punches Steve’s name.
Without any more warning, Steve slapped Tony’s ass. He gave an even amount to each cheek, loved the way all that pale skin turned pink and swollen with every smack. It cut through the silence of the room with a sharp sound followed by a soft groan from Tony and a whimpered number.
It was certainly in Tony's nature to ignore JARVIS' announcement. It was in his nature to reschedule, claim he got too busy and forgot. It wasn't a lie, Tony was very busy. Lunch dates were usually best left for the weekend.
“Sappy,” Tony chided with a laugh. “But beautiful, red roses are a classic. Here, no—don’t hand them…I’ve got a vase here.”
“Breathe,” Tony whispers to himself, his hands in clenched fists on either side of his head. He buries his face into the carpet and shuts his eyes. “Breathe…” he repeats, and he thinks about Steve.
The adrenaline from the change exhausted Tony, so one firm tug from Steve has him spilling all over himself with a cry of Steve’s name. Clenching around the other has Steve coming at the same time, filling Tony and officiating their bond.
It was his own floor. His office door was at the far end of the hall, with a few intern and assistant desks lining the windows on either side.
From what it sounds like, the woman below is upset because, yet again, her boyfriend ditched her in the middle of a crowded nightclub in favor of hanging out with his friends, and buying drinks for other women. And don’t think she hasn’t noticed the way he grinds on some of those ladies on the dance floor. It’s disgusting.
Steve gives Tony what he wants, dipping his hips down and grinding against the other, his jeans causing a beautiful friction against Tony’s skin. He's already sweaty, skin buzzing from the transformation.
“Unbutton your pants,” Steve replied, voice calm but stern. He took the coats from Tony’s arms and moved them out of the way.
Manhandling Tony was always easy when he was loose and pliant like this. Steve rolled him onto his side and slotted himself up against Tony’s back. For Tony, aftercare involved a lot of contact, and a little water.
“No, no…Tony, no.” And although Steve’s never turned anyone before the bond, what he feels with Tony isn’t anything like his mother had described it to be. In fact it feels a lot like another kind of bond his mother had told him about.
“What the fuck?” Tony frowns as he viciously paws away the remaining fog on the mirror as if that would erase what's on his face.
Finally, the genius looks over at the redhead standing before him with a concerned look on her face. For a moment Tony is reminded of late nights in bed, Pepper rolling over to run tension from his shoulders as she tried to get him to open up. Those days were long gone now, replaced with sleepless nights and endless intoxicated tinkering.
Tony took more of Steve's cock into his mouth, and Steve set a faster, more ragged pace, as if signaling that he was close. Tony took this as an opportunity to try and assert some control, moving a hand from Steve's thigh to cup his balls, adding light pressure here and there. He also made sure to swipe his tongue across the vein that ran along the underside of Steve's cock, and occasionally over the head. By this point, Tony's confidence had come back to life, but Steve didn't have time to notice it because he was overwhelmed by the pleasure that consumed him.
What he isn’t expecting when he steps into the lobby of Stark Industries, shrugging off his coat, is the familiar face of one park ranger, Steve Rogers. He’d been doing a pretty good job avoiding him, so he’s a little disappointed in himself.
With a shout of pain, Tony goes down. Unable to catch himself, he knocks his head against a rock upon landing.
“Get out of my lobby before I call security,” Tony says, pushing Steve’s hand off of his chest, and immediately regretting it. He shows no signs of regret though, he stands his ground.
Truth be told, JARVIS hadn’t seen Tony reacting to a date like this in years. If JARVIS felt any real emotion, amusement would be the one to best describe it.
“I found you on the hiking trail last night,” Steve says, “you know you shouldn’t be in the preserve after dark…”
Steve, naked now, stepped up to the bed. “No, but you will be. I thought the elevator would be more than enough punishment for you tonight, but apparently you want more. I think a spanking is in order. Ten should do the trick.”
Moving his hand down lower, Tony finds his ankle is in the same shape as his calf, completely unharmed.
Rhodey shook his head, "I gotta get home to the missus soon. And you're avoiding the question," he pointed. He got up to rinse his glass in the sink, and set it to dry.
There’s a sudden quiet in the street below, and the only sound Tony can hear coming from the couple, are their feet carrying them away from whatever it was that just shook Stark Tower.
“Look, I said I was sorry for that. I can’t go back and change that night. I- My wolf made a mistake.” To be fair, Tony had thrown a rock at the animal, but that's not important now. “So now we have to live with our mistakes, okay?”
The elevator opened a few moments later, and Steve stepped in with his hands behind his back. Camera 27 B panned to meet his movements, zoomed as JARVIS tried to decipher what was hidden behind Steve’s back.
“Tell me, Pepper” Tony says, keeping his distance as he paces. “You came over to yell at me, didn’t you? All you care about, is that I missed your meeting and made you look bad. I recall a time when you actually gave a shit about me. What happened to that Pepper?” He challenges her, tilting his head, and he knows right then that he went too far.
Tony fell back onto the bed, and Steve tumbled down on top of him, they were kissing. JARVIS could tell that much. He heard a laugh from Tony, then a laugh from Steve, then a few more pleasant sounds.
He pressed a hand on Tony’s shoulder and gave it a squeeze, “it’s okay, baby. I’m going to make you feel so good. I promise.”
The conversation goes on for another ten minutes before Tony lets out a loud yell of frustration, “oh shut up already!” The windows of the tower shake with the power of his voice, and even Tony finds himself a little shaken by the sound.
Pepper gives Tony an unconvinced glance before shrugging it off. Tony hadn't had a vacation in months. He's allowed a small breakdown, especially if it means Tony's doing something productive and good for himself for a change. Going for a run would work to improve his health, rather than the alternative of binge drinking, the route he normally takes.
Tony runs down the stairs, sniffing, and he’s glad no one else is around because he would look absolutely crazy to any passerby. He doesn’t stop, the smell getting stronger the farther he goes. Finally, once he reaches the fifth floor - exactly five floors below his own office - he opens the door to find an office party. Pizza from his favorite place, Little Angela’s, is stacked seven boxes high.
“You need to relax, it’s only going to be worse for you if you don’t.” Steve warns, watching Tony carefully.
River Valley Nature Preserve is only about half an hour out of the city, but Tony makes a stop at the tower to get a change of clothes. In hindsight, it’s a bad idea, he’s wasting precious daylight, but something about jogging in the woods in a business suit makes Tony’s skin crawl, so he chooses sweats and an undershirt instead.
Tony’s eyes shoot open when he realizes this isn’t where he fell asleep, or lost consciousness  anyway. Whose room is this? Whose bed is this? Where the hell is he?
Sometime before sunset, after Steve had answered every question Tony threw at him, and some that he didn’t, a pizza is ordered. Well, two pizzas, an order of hot wings, some breadsticks, and a two-liter of cola. Werewolves eat quite a lot, as Tony would come to find, and Steve had insisted that Tony would need his strength that night.
"Yeah? Or what?" Tony pressed his challenge further, a small part of him actually afraid of what he might do.
Tony can only focus on his breathing then. All thoughts of stocks and designs melt away in favor of the feel of the sun on his back, the wind through his hair. Idly, Tony wonders why he’s never done this before, and he vows to repeat this action at least once a week from now on. For someone who doesn’t spend much time working out, it takes Tony quite a while to start to feel the burn in his legs and chest, but even then he pushes on, that itch below the surface still there. And maybe it’s Tony’s fault. He lets his brain turn back on for even a split second, wonders when Pepper rescheduled the meeting to, and his foot catches an uprooted tree part. He doesn’t have the chance to catch himself as he’s plummeting face first into the dirt trail, his yelp of pain echoes through the trees scaring off some birds.
“Where are you going!?” Steve asks as Tony storms out of the living room back toward Steve’s bedroom. He begins collecting his things, his clothes, his cellphone which is mostly dead by now.
They both knew this was getting them nowhere. Nevertheless, the voice in the back Steve's head chanted ‘Take control’ and wouldn't relent.
“You little…” Steve could taste blood, and he tightened his grip on Tony’s wrists, his leg nudging Tony’s thighs apart. “You’re going to regret that,” he warned, and leaned down to kiss him roughly. The cut on his mouth stung, but the sounds he evoked from Tony were worth it.
Tony was just trying to keep himself on kilter, but was it all too surprising for him. Steve pulled away in favor of pushing Tony against the conference table, coaxing a grunt from the genius. He looked as if he wanted to protest but Steve interrupted. "Don't. Just don't talk."
“I’m leaving,” Tony says as he returns to the living room, all of his clothing in hand. “I want to thank you for your hospitality, your services will not go unrewarded. I’ll mail you back your pants.”
Despite the shower he’d just taken, JARVIS was picking up on a higher than usual body temperature resulting in stress sweat. That wouldn’t make for an attractive first date. That, of course, was what Tony was so worried about tonight. He’d had it on his calendar in bold, with several alarm reminders so he didn’t lose track of time or forget.
“Oh, the team wants me to have a more socially active Instagram,” Steve says with a small frown. “They said it needed more persona touches instead of promotional pictures of my works.”
A couple of days later, Tony’s in his room sending his draft to Steve for him to add notes. Steve hasn’t even sent him his outline yet. At this point, Tony is seriously considering docking points off for his peer review. He decides he has had enough and sends Rogers a text.
Steve shakes his head. “I add a pinch of salt to the grounds pre-brew not the cup of liquid coffee,” he says so casually as if the best cup of coffee Tony has ever had, included salt.
Tony rolls his eyes, at least this is familiar. “This is my first draft when I go over everything I’ll fix it.”
Once again Tony rolled his eyes. He looked at their hands intertwined together. “Why are you doing this?”
Tony might be a lot of things but he always kept his word, as soon as the sun was down, he grabbed his sweater and stormed off on Greek Row. He was fuming until he came to the house with New England’s very own golden boy. He knew Steve’s window right away and started to yell. “Listen, you piece of shit, we need to talk, come down right now.” He picked up a rock proceeding to chuck it at the window.
. Tony realizes he has a lot of things with Steve. Almost like inside-jokes. But not inside-jokes, because they most certainly are not friends. They are rivals who happen to be acquaintances in a class about a dead man. But
He’s starting to think a pattern is forming. When not even a minute later after Nat leaves the seat is already filled. Clint Barton playfully pushes Tony’s shoulder. “What the fuck? You and Rogers?”
. If Rhodey hadn’t convinced Tony to go to the bar that was around the corner. Centerpointe was the hotspot for everyone who went to college. And if he hadn’t seen
?” He exclaims as he waves the DVD of Ratatouille in Steve’s face. It was only a couple weeks ago where Tony had expressed his concerns that they took the movie off of Netflix. Which caused Tony to rant about for weeks. Mainly ranting how all he wanted to do was watch it, was that too much to ask for? He had been seriously contemplating just illegally watching it from a sketchy website when Steve had yelled at him about getting viruses on his laptop.
“I’m Steve Rogers. And shit, you are Tony Stark. The Tony Stark. As in the president of Delta Sigma Phi, you know our fraternities have been rivals since forever, it’s practically imprinted in our handbook.” Steve stared at him with his eyes wide open.
Tony smiles at him, “Well, you know what they say about change.” He brings his hand up for a handshake.
“You know? The scene? The big kiss after all the miscommunication the two characters went through,” she says it casually that Tony begins to realize that he did forget that.
