"Tony, I think you're brilliant." Steve was smiling now. That fucking smile that was going to be the death of Tony. "You get distracted by... shiny stuff. So what. Every man has something he loses focus over. Nobody is that perfect. If you were one of my men, I'd just make a note to keep you aimed in the right direction, as well as cover your back, and that really goes without saying, I hope you know that. I'd have you on my team any day." He looked wistfully out at the sea, while Tony quietly tried to deal with all the stupidly warm and fuzzy feelings those words called up.
"Took you long enough." Tony bitched at Fury.
The silence was deafening.
"So he can join the Avengers, yes."
"You said to use my discretion, Mr. Stark."
“And how come your house elves wear clothes?” As far as Steve had understood, they weren’t allowed to, in general. Because then you lost them, or something.
the brass send Captain Tight-Ass to do this job? He's obviously horrified by this scenario and will break cover and run the first time he has to hold my hand. They can't possibly have a shortage of tall muscular dudes, who would be better suited for this. Hell, they probably have a dozen or so gay ones. This has disaster written all over it, Nick.”
Tony went back to his room. He picked Steve’s clothes off the little pile he had made next to his duffle bag and put them in his laundry basket. Everything was wet and filthy and the socks had holes in them. He briefly considered going through Steve’s bag to see if he had more clothes, but decided that would definitely be crossing the line. Finding some old newspapers, he tore them in big pieces and wadded balls of them in Steve’s boots to soak up the water inside them and then he put them by the radiator. They were army issue, too, by the looks of them. He hung Steve’s jacket by the radiator as well.
"Can't say I feel particularly honored by dead sheep, to be honest."
“What?” said Steve.
“Where?”
Steve gazed up at the fountain, struck dumb by the combination of the agonized expressions of the statues, the play of sunlight and water and how they reflected on the marble, and the signs of weathering and decay. His fingers were itching for pencils and paper, maybe some pastels. Tony was wandering off, more engrossed in his tablet than in the view and Steve hooked a finger in the back of his collar, not ready to move on. Tony's head shot up as he was choked by his shirt and he looked questioningly at Steve, then followed his gaze to the fountain.
"I am sure I have no idea what you're talking about, sir." sniffed JARVIS. "Hello, Captain Rogers." he continued more politely.
Tony leaned against the wall with one shoulder at the top of the stairs.
“Isn’t my new address still on the corkboard?”
“Well, then you should know one cup isn't going to cut it when I wake up. Do we have more?” Steve gestured and Tony helped himself to another cup that he could savor more slowly, now that his immediate survival was no longer at stake. He wandered outside onto the balcony, leaving the door open and leaned against the railing looking out over the blue waves. It was a spectacular spring day. Maybe things weren't all that horrible.
Daytimes had distractions, most days anyway, but he had a hard time sleeping at night. Staring at the canvas over his head when the sounds of the day had faded, he missed Tony with an aching need that was so much worse than he'd expected it to be. Not that he was sorry he'd gotten involved with him, because what he'd had could not be taken away, not ever. But he hadn't thought he'd be this heart sore. It didn't help that he didn't know how Tony felt about him. Was he still angry? Was he hurt? Or, and that was almost more than he could bear to think about, was he indifferent? Had he forgotten Steve by now?
"Yeah..... but isn't that different?"
, Tony could not do anything but arch up to try and get more friction from Steve's abs on his leaking cock while begging for mercy. Finally, even Steve's incredible staying power crumbled and he started slamming into Tony while babbling sappy nonsense that didn't affect Tony in the least. He wrapped his legs around Steve's waist and held on for the ride, his own ability to form coherent words reduced to an increasingly desperate repetition of 'Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, oh Steve, oh Jesus, Steve!' He threw his head back and keened the E on the last one as his orgasm slammed through him, breaking the time-space continuum or something very close to that. Coming down after what seemed like an eternity in the newly broken universe, he landed back on earth just in time to get crushed within an inch of his life as Steve found his own release.
“How bad?”
. They needed to go
He couldn’t believe he was doing this in front of several hundred people.
"How can you tell?"
Tony gave her a small smirk and raised one eyebrow.
The group had snagged some prime tables on the terrace and pushed them together. Steve hung back a little when they arrived, but he was hailed by all Tony’s former housemates and Natasha even got up and made a point of hugging Steve. Chairs were stolen from other tables and they all sat down. Steve was introduced to Betty, Jane and Phil and there was a bit of an awkward moment when Steve insisted he and Darcy had met and Darcy didn’t connect the dots right away. When she did, she had the good grace to apologize, however. Tony went to get a round of beer and after that conversation flowed easily. It was nice to see Bruce again, and Clint and Natasha’s wildly differing accounts of their trip to Budapest kept everyone entertained. Tony’s thoughts kept drifting, though. To Steve and the last few days and how much he wanted to keep him, even if he agreed that Steve had to do what he needed to do. He was spinning a coaster on the table when Bruce suddenly asked:
“What?”
“I gotta. I need the money.” He glanced over quickly and then away again. “I could come back in a few days, though?”
their feelings?"
"Great!" Tony made himself step back a step. "Show me."
"I can't imagine either Del or Corbin wearing any of this," said Steve, "I suppose that is the point?"
"Steve, I am sure you're the best. Phenomenal, even. Still no reason to wheedle your way past my A.I., he could have passed on a message."
"I can see you have much catching up to do with your stupidly brave one. We will discuss this further in the morning." She clearly meant more yelling in the morning.
"Okay, stop it, Cap. You're freaking me out. You need to start doing that 'you disappoint me, Stark' frown now, or I'll be thinking I found bizarro Steve." But Tony was smiling just as hard as Steve as he said it, so Steve just answered:
“You know,” says Tony conversationally, after he's picked up his plate and licked it clean, forcing Steve to look away or lose it. “If you are trying to get rid of me, you're doing it all wrong.”
God, the itch to see him was unbearable. Steve tried to get a grips on his antsy feelings, but it was no use. He got up and paced, then did some martial arts, trying to find the calm in the eye of the storm. He'd just finished a particularly complicated sequence, when the hermit reappeared. Steve dropped into parade rest and regarded him warily.
“I mean, if he carried a torch for me, he didn't act on it. I've only ever seen him hit on women.”
He vanishes out the door and misses how Steve winces. Steve grinds his teeth against the surge of outrage that threatens overwhelm him just because Tony scorned his mom's toolbox. It's his mom's and-- and-- And he is being irrational. This is ridiculous. His mom's toolbox isn't a sacred relic. It doesn't even have a whole lot in it. Tony's toolbox probably
"I think we're in Switzerland, actually."
“Probably that Black Widow is on a mission and hasn't checked in when she was supposed to. Shit, I should have been there!”
“Fucking painful process, though.”
Just….what? Steve eyed the fallen machine, which alive or not, looked most decidedly, and eerily, dead now.
The mob stopped pushing forward and people started turning towards the sound. Steve took the opportunity to shove his way through them. He heard Percival bellow:
"Sure. It's fine. No problem. You know you all have suites of rooms here, right? I'm not kicking you out because you insist on celebrating holidays."
"Thanks, man!" came Sam's voice from the couch, "I appreciate the inclusiveness!"
“I’ve already paid you for the loft bed though.”
Just as he was starting to to wonder whether the open gate had been a decoy, whether he was in the wrong section altogether, he glimpsed a hint of blue light in the corner of his eye. It was glinting off a few minerals way down a corridor to the left, the source hidden around a corner. Steve stopped and turned his light off. The darkness was oppressive but it would hide Steve well if he was silent. Soundlessly he made his way down the corridor, halting when he heard voices. He almost started getting sentimental prematurely when he recognized one of them as Tony's. Not dead. Tony wasn't dead..... He stopped to swallow down his relief.
Clint apparently felt no urge to answer that. "Who's the pretty boy?" he leered. Tony glared at him. Clint glared back. "Seriously, Stark. Who is he and does he qualify as damsel in distress or do you just need to kiss him bye bye and get his phone number before we go? Or if you don't want it, can I get his number?"
Tony was curled up in the fetal position with his hands clasped around his head and his clothes in shreds. Lacerations covered his arms. It was a miracle he hadn’t been crushed by the thing. Steve quickly levitated the machine off Tony, but that obviously didn’t faze it. The little spokes became paddle shaped, which were very effective at displacing air and it started working its way back down again, roaring in frustration. Keeping it in the air was a struggle and keeping it back away from himself was too. Sweat broke on his forehead. Suddenly the thing reversed direction and crashed through the asteroids, which exploded in all directions at once, leaving trails of destruction in their wake as glass tubes shattered and screens cracked and metal struck sparks off the stone that ignited the smoke from one of the cauldrons. One chunk flew right by Steve’s head and he had to dodge, temporarily losing control over the motorcycle that promptly came roaring back at him. He was trying to decide whether a P
"I have," said Percival. "I am looking for it again, because my cousin said I failed to ask the right question when I first saw it and it banished me from its presence." He looked embarrassed.
“Yes... That. If he is only there to be decorative and won't be involved in the meetings, can't you send someone who'd be more proficient at.... That?” He gestured helplessly at the picture of Del Porter with a look of quiet desperation on his face. Tony actually felt a little sorry for the man, even if he was obviously a stick in the mud and unfairly gorgeous to boot. He just looked so very, very uncomfortable and so very, very sincere. And Fury didn't give a shit.
“There has been an incident in his workshop. He really does need assistance right away.”
“Is that his code name or something?” Steve's voice was a little breathless.
And yet it wasn't surprising to find himself on his knees 30 minutes later with Steve pounding into him like he was never, ever going to stop. Steve was a little larger than Tony normally preferred, but even that seemed right, at this particular moment. And Tony felt a grim sense of satisfaction at being Steve's first, even as he was being fucked to within an inch of his life. It was not at all a pretty feeling and utterly selfish, but the idea that Steve would never completely forget him made him push back onto Steve's dick a little harder. Shit, he was going to lose it, it was too fucking perfect.
“It is useful. The Avengers Initiative is going to cost a lot of money. Steve is creating goodwill and raising a lot of funds.”
Tony snorts derisively.
“YOU PUNY MORTALS CAN NOT STAND AGAINST ME. YOUR WEAPONS WILL NOT HARM ME. BUT I CAN HARM THIS BOY IF I SO CHOOSE.”
Tony watched the trial on his TV through the bottom of a bottle. Elisa had been right. This was bigger than the OJ Simpson circus, and it seemed like the whole world was watching. The day Steve was first called to the stand, Tony had made sure he was sober. He was leaning forward on the couch, elbows on his thighs and sucked in a breath when the camera panned in on Steve. He looked different. The platinum hair was gone, buzzed off, and was just starting to grow out again in its regular honey-blond color. The orange tan was replaced with the kind of tan soldiers got in the desert. Golden brown, but limited to face, neck and hands. It made his blue eyes pop. There were dark smudges under his eyes though, like he wasn't sleeping well and Tony knew that feeling. He watched for a hint of the warm smiles he had gotten so used to on the ship, but Steve looked for all the world like he had never smiled like that in his life. It made Tony ache to see how solemn and serious Steve was, and Tony wanted to needle him and tease him and make outrageous comments until Steve smiled again. Actually, Tony wanted to crawl through the screen and climb into Steve's lap and never let him go.
"Gangrene," she muttered. "Forgot to clean his knives and had a little accident."
“Master’s wand! It is on the bench to your left. Get it to him!”
"Fine. Fine. JARVIS, give us
Tony just didn't know anymore what to make of his feelings for Steve. He almost wished for the good old days back in the tower where they'd bicker and fight. When Steve had been a bull headed boy scout who thought he could tell Tony what to do. The fact that Tony had ended up doing what Steve said most of the time hadn't been relevant in the least. Well, maybe a little bit. Tony had been unprepared for the Steve he had encountered here. The man had been so goddamn happy to see him, and Tony had had no defense against that. To be honest, he'd been so fucking happy himself to see Steve's stupid, pretty face and while he told himself that was just because he needed Steve to get out of this shitshow, that wasn't entirely true. He'd missed the straight-laced, overbearing dumbass, much more than he'd thought he would. And Steve was all smiles for Tony, like he'd never been before, and he'd been kind and understanding and, and... handsy and Tony felt like he'd been pulled under water by a Naiad, happily drowning with a smile on his face.
It was turning twilight when he noticed a mob of people in the next village over that was so focused on something, they hadn't noticed him approaching from miles away. Huh. That was different, worth investigating. He flew closer.
“Of course. I love angry sex. Don't tell me you didn't imagine bending me over the kitchen counter and shoving your dick up my ass when you were yelling at me just now.”
The rest of the trip passed in a blur and the world didn't snap back into focus until Tony closed the cabin door behind them and Steve found himself crowding Tony against it. Tony wrapped his arms around Steve's neck and Steve dove in for another kiss. Too low, Tony was too low. He placed his hands under Tony's ass and hoisted him up. Better. Even more so when Tony wrapped his legs around Steve's hips and that felt all kinds of right.
, but Steve stayed put and therefore Tony could not have moved if he wanted to. Every departure was accompanied by a chorus of 'goodnight's. When Sam and Bruce passed behind the couch on their way to their respective rooms Tony heard Sam ask: "How long has that been going on?" To which Bruce answered: "Since they brought the tree home, as far as I can tell." And Tony had a sinking feeling that they were talking about him, that his stupid crush was visible from space and everybody had seen the naked longing in his eyes, but then Sam smacked Steve on the back of his head in passing and called him 'dumbass', so apparently it was something Steve related. He breathed a sigh of relief.
"Hey! Watch where you're going!"
“Why can’t my house elves bring me lunch in my lab? This is ridiculous!” The voice was annoyingly familiar and Steve’s heart sank even further into his shoes.
“Your country needs you on this cruise ship right now, captain.” Fury managed to say it with a straight face, which only went to show that Tony really didn't merit Fury's best efforts on any given day, because the man never bothered to hide his subtle gloating when he was ordering Tony around. “Your superiors assured us you are the best man for the job and I am convinced we can turn you into a believable Del Porter.” He called up an image on the projected monitor and Tony blinked twice and swallowed hard. Del was maybe a couple of inches shorter than Captain Built and Blond, but their physiques were similar. It was the differences that screamed for attention here though. As opposed to the straight laced man beside him, whose solemn presence generated an aura of control and one that demanded respect, Del was a bleached blond, spray tanned, manscaped and bedazzled fashion victim. And clearly a giant poof.
"I don't know," answered Elaine. "It is French."
"You think they are going to sink the ship?" Steve felt a little alarm at that, even if he didn't quite see how they were going to manage that from the position they were in.
"You’re changing the topic. Of course I was going to say yes, you jackass."
"To Malibu?! That'll take hours. And you're in your shirtsleeves." Tony gestured to Steve's suit pants and button down. "You'll freeze to death!"
"She prefers me to be the one to do the talking. It is... part of the process." Abdel seemed a little nervous. Was he being initiated in the organization or something? Were there snipers located somewhere unseen that would take them out if they didn't cooperate? “I am hoping we can make an arrangement.”
“You a prosthetics expert?”
“As would I,” he conceded, though, obviously regretting being in any kind agreement.
“If it helps, I’ll pretend I will.”
"And so is your smart mouth," countered Steve as he rubbed his hand in Tony's hair. It was insulting and patronizing, but Tony could not help pushing into it a bit and when Steve's hand trailed down and came to rest on the back of his neck he wasn't even remotely interested in shaking it off. God help him, he liked this handsy incarnation of Steve. This really wasn't going to end well.
Steve slid his thumbs across the bare sliver of skin above Tony’s waistband and watched him suck in a sharp breath. Heat pooled low in his belly.
“Remind me to put away the charcoal before it starts getting wet.” Tony interrupted his internal agonizing.
Shit shit
He tries to get back to his own, but his eyes keep slipping to Tony, who has wantonly taken possession of the couch. Really, the man is deriving a level of hedonistic pleasure from a moderately comfortable piece of furniture that makes Steve suspect that that trailer is as dilapidated on the inside as it is on the outside. Tony is shifting constantly, burying himself deeper and deeper into the pillows, one hand on his book, one splayed on his belly. Under his shirt. Steve can't stop watching it. He imagines the feel of the skin and the happy trail under the fingers, he imagines it sliding lower, into the lounge pants. He imagines it closing around Tony's rapidly swelling dick. He has always loved stroking a man to hardness, feeling him go from soft and vulnerable to throbbing and wanting, filling his hand with need.
He didn't.
"What the fuck does it
Steve subsided immediately.
The reports came within an hour. Good old Bell had belatedly found some motivation. Unsurprisingly, most of the pages were censored to hell and back and what was left barely made sense. However, a page to page comparison between the different years made it obvious that momentous things had happened in the expedition before last, judging solely by the extra number of whited out pages. Funny how the one bit of information that the expedition sponsors were sponsoring the expedition for wasn't reported back to them and, come to think of it, funny how nobody seemed to have had any qualms about accepting money for another expedition the year after Steve had been defrosted. Tony wasn't sure if it had been Steve or his superiors that had insisted on keeping his identity a secret, although it didn't seem like a thing that Steve would choose to do, but Tony was going to be damned if he was going to keep funding an annual frolic in the snow just because somebody had decided secrecy was the way to go. Fuck that shit. He wondered how they would react if he sent them a bill for a refund on that latest expedition and have it say 'due to the recovery of Captain America in the previous year', and address it to an underling. He got an evil sense of satisfaction out of imagining all the flailing attempts at cover ups that would result. He had JARVIS put it on the to do list.
"Really..."
“It's Corbin, doll, stay in character,” he breathed into Steve's ear, delighted with the shudder that caused. He felt a tiny little bit guilty about taking advantage of the situation. Steve couldn't elbow him in the ribs right here in the open and not cause a scene, but he seemed disinclined to do so anyway. He kind of hoped that Steve would be too embarrassed to tell anyone about this or Pepper was bound to send him to one of those 'don't touch people and keep your mouth shut, you pervert' trainings again. But even that prospect wasn't a strong enough incentive to stop him mouthing along Steve's jaw. He was getting close to Steve's mouth and he knew he wasn't going to stop. He was going to kiss him and it would be glorious. Excitement ran like an electric current along his spine. For a moment it seemed that Steve was turning toward the inevitable kiss, that he wanted Tony's mouth on his as much as Tony wanted it, and Tony wanted it
Tony said.
Yet, he couldn't help but admire the play of the powerful muscles in his arms and legs, the strong hands gripping the shield, the total focus and determination on Steve's face and he couldn't help imagining being held down by all that strength and having all that focus directed at himself. To be helpless and begging for release while Steve took him apart. To be totally at his mercy...
“Okay, but let’s get off the floor then.” He pointed his wand at a stool and transfigured it into a couch. “Come on.” He dragged Tony off the floor when the boy held up his hand and lowered him onto the couch next to himself. Tony had gone practically limp and flopped against Steve’s shoulder when he could no longer keep his head up.
He scrambles into the bathroom, away from Tony, who grumbles in protest as Steve's foot connects with his thigh. Steve kicks the door shut and reaches up to lock it, before he loses it.
, Captain Fucktoy, we are supposed to be a gay couple," Tony hissed furiously. "And a gay couple that looks like us would not be clutching their pearls at the mention of a little kinky sex. You are
His roommates were all crazy in their own way. Thor had been there the longest, tended to wake up at 4 pm and start smoking weed in his underwear in their common room, sometimes dashing to the store in his dressing gown for more cookies before it closed at 6 pm and Tony had no clue what, if anything, he studied. Or even what nationality he was. Clint was in Air- and Space Technology and was forever flying contraptions in the crooked hallways. Usually right at the level of Tony's head. Or practicing darts. He was on a national team, apparently. Tony hadn’t even known those existed. Natasha was in Applied Physics and had developed the tough as nails outer shell that was essential for a beautiful girl in a supersaturatedly male environment. She could reduce a pimply teenage boy to tears with just a look and only started treating Tony civilly after he’d made it through a month of not hitting on her, not even when he was drunk or high. After that, she started treating him more like a little brother, which was both good and bad. Bruce was in Delft on an extended research project for his Life Sciences study in Leiden. He was gentle and soft spoken, but he had a legendary temper that Tony quickly learned not to provoke. All in all, he was pretty content with his current circumstances.
Steve yelled back.
,” Tony scoffed, as he hoisted himself upright quite melodramatically. He was still wearing yesterday’s clothes, because Steve hadn’t dared to take off more than his shoes.
"Captain Rogers? There's someone here to see you." Steve was jolted out of his reverie and for a split second his heart soared with hope. Tony? Then it plummeted. If they'd send him Redditch, he might actually kill the guy. He swung his legs over the edge of the bed and sat up, rubbing his face.
They do dishes. Steve washes, but when he tries to hand Tony a dripping glass, he doesn't take it. Tony looks pinched and nods sharply at the drying rack, so Steve puts the glass down slowly. Tony snatches it up and dries it vigorously, seemingly completely absorbed in the task. Steve puts the next glass directly into the rack.
One moment he'd been standing over a downed Hawkeye, shielding him from whatever strange energy beams Loki was hurling at them and the next moment he was standing on a foggy little island in the middle of a lake, Loki's mocking voice still echoing in his head.
Steve whispered furiously, “Why didn't we get out of there as soon as it was obvious they weren't Hydra? Why make me listen to all... that?”
"It seemed that Captain Rogers would be able to relate, Sir."
He had been here less than twenty four hours and he already hated the Middle Ages. Loki/Pepper had been right. This was going to be difficult for him.
Tony spent all day Monday in the faculty building, fine tuning his designs and calculations with the Lotus 1-2-3 results he’d brought from home on a floppy. The main body of his thesis work was already done, but everything needed to be checked and double checked before he could finish writing up the results. He argued with Yinsen for a bit and came away with another set of control parameters that he was eager to test. Fortunately, he happened to look at the clock around 5.30 pm and made it back to town just in time to buy a dishpan, tuna, and actual cat food. At the last minute -the cashier was already glaring at him in the otherwise empty store- he decided to add cat litter. If he was going to wait for Steve before he went cat hunting again, he was going to need something more odor absorbing than inferior scientific articles.
"Uhhh... pasta?"
He dragged the burlap sack with his armor pieces off the pack horse and got out the helmet and the chest plate. Cursing the fact that he only had the emergency toolkit he kept stashed in the armor to work with, he started taking them apart. The going was much too slow for his tastes. Who knew how long Steve could breathe those fumes before they killed him? And what the fuck had possessed him to jump down a well with a crazy hermit in the first place? The naive idiot. The singing birds and babbling brook in the clearing he was in were mocking his sense of urgency and lacking a Steve to yell at, Tony cursed them heartily. It didn't help much.
“Well. Shit.” said Tony finally. Steve smiled and rolled onto his back. He wormed his arm under Tony's neck, so he could pull him close. Tony came easily enough.
"Then you'd better make it work, Stark. For starters, you will attend all the team meetings and debriefings, and -"
“I’m afraid this is going to be confidential, Mr. Stark. But here is my assistant’s phone number. Call Ms. Potts and ask her for the Times article and have her call Nick Fury for you. He is the lawyer you want to hire.”
He startles almost imperceptibly. Steve, can see it, though, because he's so close. Tony has himself back under control in an instant. He stops right in front of Steve. Steve swallows again. The moonlight through the bathroom window paints Tony all light and dark, harsh planes and angles, like an abstract painting. He looks like he should be cold as moonlight, but Steve can feel the heat radiating off him, he standing so close. Steve's libido comes roaring back and he knows his pajama pants aren't hiding anything. He wants to move away, flee to his room, but he can't. Saliva is pooling in his mouth, his throat refuses to swallow.
"You and I should have nightmares together, we'd end up in a nice temperate climate with plenty of foliage." Steve chuckled. It hadn't been that funny, but Tony knew the almost giddy relief that came when the nightmares were forced to the background. He fought down the urge to wrap his arms around Steve. Because that way lay madness, especially after what happened earlier. He made do with just resting his head against Steve's arm for a moment.
“I can see why you're scared. That's quite intimidating.” Stark jerked his chin at a realistic looking forearm with a balled fist that had been packed with the sex toys. He looked aside to catch Steve's eye. Steve looked back. Stark's smile bloomed into a blinding grin that came across as just a little bit deranged and more than a little bit evil. And Steve could not help but grin back, suddenly feeling a little less pathetically lost.
“I came prepared,” he proclaims, and Steve's head falls back as Tony sinks down on his cock and he's engulfed in smooth tight heat. The sound he makes is inarticulate at best.
"Oh.”
Tony looked at him as if he was a little nuts, then shook his head.
"So what is the story with your stray friend?"
"Yeah, yeah, whatever." Tony paused, then straightened up and pointed his screwdriver at Rodey. "You know what bugs me about that? You know what bugs me? That between Iron Man and Iron Patriot, I've suddenly become the generic dude and it is somehow implicated that by being a more patriotic version of me, you're somehow superior.
The orange kitten was still there though. It had its mouth full of feathers as it was trying to chew on the sparrow's wing and it obviously had no intention of giving up its price. It reminded Tony a bit of Thor with a joint and a box of cookies.
He ate a sandwich on a bench in a park and then dug into his duffel bag for a sweatshirt. The days were getting chillier, he would have to get some leathers soon. Maybe even some chaps. He smiled, remembering Tony's filthy litany as he was dissecting Del's baby blue chaps to harvest the straps for his toothbrush tasers, and it felt unfamiliar on his face, like he hadn't smiled in ages. He probably hadn't. Then his hands brushed the large envelope in his bag that contained some of the letters that Captain America had received during the trial, mostly from kids and seniors. He took it out and flipped through the letters. He had gotten so many, it had been a bit overwhelming. These were only his favorites, less than 50 in all. The one he pulled out was from a 93 year old veteran, who was originally from Brooklyn, and Steve wondered it they had ever met before project REBIRTH. The man was now living in a nursing home in Silver Spring, which was actually pretty much around the corner from Bethesda. Huh. Maybe Steve should just go find out.
The whole situation had disaster written all over it. And the further it went, the worse it would get. He had to stop it now, before..... yeah, before that.
“No. I don't think I do.”
Unbidden, a mental picture of Steve on skates popped into Tony's head. Cheeks pink with cold and smiling that rare smile that transformed his face. Would he wear a hat? Or a beanie? No. No hat, but a ridiculous scarf, Tony decided. He yanked his attention back to his stubborn circuit design and fiddled with it for a bit. Until he started wondering if super soldiers had super skating abilities, or if they had to learn like anyone else. Would Steve be clutching the railing or would he be the epitome of grace, like a a more muscular and heterosexual version of Brian Boitano? Both possibilities were appealing. Damn it, he wasn't getting anywhere this way. He stubbornly poked at his schematics, but they weren't cooperating at all.
to lie in ambush in the hallway outside the ballroom and wait for them to come out.
The bus hit a pothole and their shoulders bumped and settled together. A flare of heat jolted through Steve at the contact. Tony didn't pull away. Neither did Steve. Di-sas-ter, he told himself, but it didn't help.
"JARVIS, we will have words again about your abysmal lack of loyalty." Tony said, but there was no heat in it. He looked shaken, as if he wasn’t quite believing it himself that he’d made it out alive and like the armor was the only thing keeping him upright right now. Steve’s anger dissolved instantly into giddy relief. He grabbed Tony’s face and kissed him hard. Tony made a surprised little noise but leaned into the kiss almost immediately. He pulled back a couple of minutes later, though, and rested their foreheads together.
“It’s not. I think I may have misjudged and made things worse.”
“Really? I am supposed to be The Most Interesting Man in the World?”
Steve sighed heavily. Natasha would have his guts for garters if she saw him maudlin like this. So would Peggy, for that matter. And Tony would needle him with relentless sarcasm, because that was the kind of annoying guy he was. An annoying guy that he had imaginary conversations with these days, though, because it never failed to cheer Steve up a little to imagine what Tony would have to say about living in this particular era. Or to imagine Tony actually living in this era.
"I have Twitter, Stark. SHIELD has a social media department. You were getting along just peachy with Captain America. Didn't seem like much of a hardship for you to stick around and get cozier."
“Sorry?” tried Steve.
“Are you getting in?” he asked Rhodey, when the man kept hovering by the door. “Don’t we need to evaluate or something?”
But Steve already had his wand out, cleaning the wound first with a disinfecting charm and then he carefully tracing it with the tip of his wand as he encouraged the edges to knit themselves together. It was delicate work that required a lot of concentration if you didn’t want to leave a scar in the wand’s wake. He’d practiced plenty on Bucky before, but he’d always thought that a bit of scarring would serve that guy right, with all the stupid shit he pulled. Tony, though, Tony shouldn’t have scars. He hesitated where the cut intersected the eyebrow, not sure about being able to regrow the hair there, in the end he pulled the skin together just a little tighter there, so even if it wouldn’t, it’d be barely noticeable. He inspected his work closely.  Satisfied it had come out all right, he vanished the blood that stained Tony’s face with his own tamped down version of S
"Right. One! Two! Five!" And he swung the lamp overhead. It sailed in a perfect arc towards its goal. The nuking of the Chitauri motherhip would always be Tony's favorite hit, but this was satisfying in a supremely visceral way. The resounding thwack when the lamp hit the undead creature in the small of the back was immediately followed by the whoosh that accompanied a pillar of flame and then some godawful screeching as the thing was apparently dragged straight to hell. It was awesome. He pumped his fist in the air. Steve and Percival scrambled back and then came over to stand with Tony to watch it burn.
Steve wondered how long Tony had been here in the Middle Ages and how he was getting on. The damage Tony could do here was astronomical if the man was unchecked. On the other hand, he wouldn't have the limitless resources he had at home. Still, Steve would be a lot happier if he himself was close by to keep an eye on Tony. To make sure he wasn't doing anything stupidly reckless. Ah, who was he kidding? As long as Tony got him out of here he could overlook a whole lot of stupid recklessness. And he didn't doubt for a second that Tony could get them out. And that the end would justify the means. Somewhat.
"What is it?" Tony asked on entering, checking for any signs of change. Cap looked the same to him, a little eerie in his silent beauty, maybe not as deadly white and his head might have tilted a fraction to the right. Tony came to stand by his shoulder, peering down at the peaceful face.
While he'd hesitated, the guy with the torch on the left had darted forward and lit the pyre. Flames started to lick up the branches and the woman started screaming for mercy. The unholy glee on the spectators' faces made Tony's fingers itch. There really was no satisfactory solution to this ugliness. In desperation, he yanked the pole out of the ground and lifted the woman up in his arms. She promptly fainted, as did a few people in the crowd.
"What I don't understand, though," Bors said after a bit, through a mouth full of stew. "Is how being forced to kill your mother would be damning your soul. I mean, if you're made to do it, surely you're not--"
“You'll see,“ came Pepper again. She had been sympathetic to Tony's story, which is why she had allowed him to leave the hospital in the first place, he knew, although she had much rather he'd have waited for his official release. It sounded like she was settling in to watch now and wasn't planning on interfering.
Steve was about turn Tony's head and kiss him again when a voice came from above them: "Mister and mister Porter? Are you down there? The bus is waiting!"
?" Tony asked, puzzled.
"JARVIS?
“Good,” breathed Steve, while he slowly slid a hand up Tony’s neck to his jaw, his eyes never leaving Tony’s face. It took Tony a few seconds to realize that Steve was still talking about the cat. And then he forgot altogether as Steve started pulling him closer, inch by interminably slow inch. The anticipation was unbearable by the time their faces were close enough that he could feel Steve’s breath ghosting on his lips. Steve might have stopped pulling at that point, but Tony kept moving anyway, he couldn’t stand it for another second. When their lips touched it was like the world fell away. All that was left was the fact that Steve was kissing him and he had never wanted a kiss more in his life. It started a little tentative, only barely there. Steve’s lips were a bit chapped and the combination of rough and soft was mesmerizing. As it became clear that this was something they both wanted, the pressure increased. Steve’s thumb was caressing Tony’s cheekbone and it was the sweetest thing anyone had ever done to him. He tilted his head more to chase the pressure of Steve’s thumb and then their mouths slotted together even more perfectly and he finally felt the slide of of Steve’s tongue against his own. He couldn’t help the small noise that escaped him. Steve’s hand slid from his face into his hair and, fuck, that felt so good. HIs own hands were grabbing fistfulls of the back of Steve’s sweater, as they tried to pull each other closer. Steve groaned and deepened the kiss when Tony pushed himself flush against Steve’s body.
"Mr. Stark, my name is Nick Fury, I am director of SHIELD and I am here to talk to you about the Avengers Initiative. Please send away your bodyguard, so we can talk."
The shelter he found along the path wasn't perfect, but it beat abandoned barns by a mile. It was a small hut that shepherds used when they got caught by inclement weather. The sheep pen was empty and so was the hut, but there was a small fireplace and some logs, there was a, no doubt flea ridden, straw mattress and a few other odds and ends. He deposited Tony on the mattress and started a fire, then he went back outside to get fresh water out of the rain barrel. The small space heated up quickly and he peeled Tony's wet clothes off to hang them to dry on one of the low ceiling beams. He poured a little water down Tony's throat, which was swallowed reflexively, but the man didn't wake up. It was just as well. Tony's right thigh was bruised all to hell and there was a gash in the middle of the swollen skin that was still wet with blood. The femur didn't look obviously broken, but Steve had seen enough broken bones on the battlefield to suspect there were hairline fractures at least. He'd have to splint it when the swelling had gone down a bit. He cleaned the wound carefully with rain water and a strip of cloth he had ripped from his tunic, then rinsed the cloth out again and tied it loosely around the thigh to prevent dirt sticking to the exposed flesh. Tony flinched when he touched the wound, but didn't otherwise react.
"What was your Snow White theory?"
He is staring at a slightly shorter man with expressive brown eyes, who seems to be going through his own internal struggle to keep his temper at bay. Their breaths mingle heavily in the hot afternoon air and Steve imagines he can hear the man's heart thundering as loudly as his own in the protracted silence. Then Goat Man lowers his fists a fraction and Steve follows suit. Slowly, they both straighten up, eyes still locked. Steve feels like he ought to apologize, although he is not sure for what. He opens his mouth to speak when Goat Man lifts an admonishing finger and glares at him.
"Anything small that can pack a punch."
"Let me know when he returns," Tony said and went to get some work done on his thrusters.
"Fine. Then yes, as far as I am concerned, we are." He felt a brief moment of panic that Steve, maybe, possibly, didn't feel that way about Tony at all. That he'd read it all wrong.
"I am starting to see that, yes. And Bruce said 'Tony is my friend. Don't make me angry.' And he may have gone a little green around the edges. Natasha just started sharpening her knives while she smiled at me."
“Fine. Next time I’ll kill it with a hammer or zap it with 220. It’ll still be dead.”
Tony swore at her for a bit for good measure before he hung up. He swallowed the last of his coke and signed a few autographs. Then he told himself to man up and took to the air.
"Upgrade my toothbrushes," Tony answered, "I figured that if I can take down a wonder twin with what I have, a bit more firepower should bag me a full grown man at least. And it might be possible to extend the reach of these..... You know the repulsors are mighty final in most cases, I may want to integrate some of this technology into the armor and...."
"Wait!" Steve yelled, desperate. "Don't leave! Where are you going with that Grail?!"
when Steve goes back to Tom Clancy, Tony looks quizzically at the TV.
Tony wanted to know.
"You sure? Hey, wasn't that your cue?"
He told himself to knock it off with the maudlin shit already. Tomorrow he was going to Wales, hopefully to find Steve or at least lure him here. He made a mental note to have JARVIS analyze the suit's power use during the trip. Somehow, it had felt a little... weak the last couple of days. Which was impossible, so he shouldn't worry about it. But gathering data never hurt anyone.
you?!"
“That’d be great. We still have three cats to catch.”
Across the barn Tony was muttering to himself. “How naughty can they have been anyway? I bet the Captain America blow up doll has naughtier fantasies than him... I bet the Captain America blow up doll would be more fun to fuck.”
The generator roars to life at 5 pm. Steve jerks out of the chair where he's been reading for the past hour. It takes a minute for his heartbeat to come back down to normal. Before it is all the way there, the screaming guitar music starts back up and causes another uptick. Steve tries to settle back down and tells himself Goat Man needs the generator to run his fans, that otherwise he might suffocate in that trailer, but it is no use. The idea of having to listen to this racket for the next seven or eight hours is going to give him a migraine. He dithers for bit. He is going to say something, he's not going to say anything, he is, he isn't. Then the music gets louder and that decides it. Enough is enough.
Tony pulled him close and kissed him languidly. The he yawned and pulled his pants up.
That would have to do. The demon was coming towards him, probably confused about the hold up, so Tony scrambled back onto his feet and ran towards the exit. He went up the rungs and pulled himself out of the manhole.
“Me?! At a hoity toity pureblood party? Are you out of your mind? I don’t even have dress robes!”
"No."
He'd stayed put on the island for as long as he could, because he remembered his mother's adage 'When you are lost, stay where you are, so I can find you', but after a few days his stomach had forced him to leave the island and find food. That's when he had found out how truly and utterly lost he was. For the second time in two years he was a man out of time.
“Peggy... She was.... She was going to teach me to dance. Before....”
“Did several hundred people just watch you Side-Along Apparate us without a license?”
is how it reacted?”
“You fucker! Stop that and kiss me!”
"STAND BACK, YOU RABBLE."
But his tone changed when Tony still didn't budge. "Tony, you're bleeding! I need to see!"
It was an awful mess, but he let himself drown in the sensation of being kissed by Steve. Until the man slid a hand under Tony's shirt. Then Tony pulled the shirt back down, reflexively. This was so not the time to have a discussion about the visible evidence of palladium poisoning. In fact, Tony would prefer that time to be never.
"Honestly, Doll, fuck you so very much. Why are you not even a little bit hungover? I watched you drink."
“Shouldn’t we get going?” he interrupted the love fest. “Don’t you have an appointment to keep?”
“Not freaky. You just gotta project calm and friendliness.”
“The Chinese have already invented gunpowder by now, Steve, but I can't afford to wait until Marco Polo or whoever it was brings it back here. It's not like I am going to sell it to the locals. I just need some for myself.”
“Would that have helped?”
for breakfast!"
“Wait!” yelped Tony. “How official are we talking here? I thought we were talking boyfriends-official. Not…..” he almost choked.  “
"Of course not. Now hush, Dorothy, save your breath and follow the yellow brick road."
“How do you what?” Stark's head snapped up and now Steve was staring into fierce brown eyes and somehow that felt like a punch in the gut.
“I beg your pardon?”
"Save your breath, Tony."
"Honey, if I want to see you in racing leathers with my name all over you I'll have them made in your size. It's the combination of the ripped leather with the cheap suit under it that makes it tacky." He sighed dramatically. "Just go. Shoo."
"You... with the..." Tony flailed, "Oh fuck it, come here." He batted the gelato out of Steve's hand and Steve made a surprised noise of protest, over which Tony whispered: "I'll buy you a new one in a minute, soldier. Come
Sure, they'd talked like BFFs last night, but this was the cold light of morning and their whole situation was fucked up and they had as yet no idea how to get themselves out. But apparently they were friends now. Tony allowed himself a rare moment of introspection to figure out how he felt about Steve.
And he sent postcards to Tony from almost every place he visited. At least one a day, and sometimes more than one. The first ones were just signed, but after a week or so he started adding little drawings of things he saw. Quick sketches in ballpoint, anything else wouldn't work on a card. He drew gazebos and cows and trees. Sunsets were hard to do in ballpoint, but he tried anyway. Once, on a not so good day, when he was wondering what the hell he was doing all by himself in Bumfuck, Ohio, he drew a little cartoon of Tony with his soldering iron and wrote 'Miss you' under it. He regretted it as soon as he'd dropped it in the mailbox, but he couldn't get it back. He was more careful after that, but he didn't stop sending the cards, he didn't think he could at this point. They were a lifeline to him.
“After last winter’s fainting spell, Madame Pomfrey thought it wiser to ensure your adherence to a schedule of minimum sustenance, social interaction and rest during the break.”
He choked down the hot wave of possessiveness that made him want to drag Tony close with fistfulls of his own jumper and never let go. Turning quickly, he left the room before Tony could spot the naked want written on his face.
“Yeah. Well. It wasn’t so bad till I met you. You reminded me of home. Of the life before. God, I fucking miss home. Meeting you was like waking up out of a fog and suddenly I don’t know what the fuck I am doing. I can’t go back. They’ll court martial me and put me in prison for desertion. Or give me the chair, because we’re at
Steve suddenly looked furtive and Tony wanted to kick himself. Ignoring Steve’s face he added:
His landing in the Malibu workshop was sloppy and Steve stumbled across the floor with an ungainly stagger that made it overtly clear his muscles were barely functional from the cold. Good thing they weren't doing this in front of the paparazzi; speculations about drunken debauchery would be everywhere. Tony lifted his face plate and glared at Steve, as he struggled upright after picking up the shield he had dropped.
Rhodey looked at Steve and then back at Tony.
invaluable." With those words Steve wrapped him in a bear hug. Tony closed his eyes and let the sensation wash over him. The strong arms around him, the massive chest, Steve's scent, Steve's cheek against his temple. He exhaled shakily as he reminded himself that this was a hug, a very platonic hug, a thank you hug, a reassurance hug and not a come here with your face and kiss me hug, no matter how much he wanted it to be that.
Dragging his eyes up from Steve’s torso, he watched Steve watch him. He swallowed hard and forced himself to pull back his breath. When Steve’s eyes came to rest on his face again, he stepped in and slowly brought his hand to Steve’s freshly shaved neck. This time it was Tony who pulled Steve in, kissing him just as tenderly and softly as that first kiss, like a promise. It felt like he was pouring everything he knew about himself into it and it was a little scary, but it was an offering that needed to be made. Steve caught him, though, returning something just as honest and vulnerable.
He thought he might have seen a little wiggle of the helmet, but he wasn't sure. Percival shuffled through the door behind him, equal parts of confusion and 'we're not really consorting with witches, are we?' on his face. Steve ignored his pleading looks. 'Please don't be dead, please don't be dead' was running on an endless loop through his head. He tried again, more urgently.
Steve blinked.
"Right. Especially when you're climbing out of bathroom windows to go play with Formula 1 cars."
Tony considered the question. “Unprofessional and inappropriate?” he offered.
Galahad was in bad shape. The tusk had missed the artery in his groin, or else he'd be dead by now, but he was bleeding profusely. The others joined Steve, looking down at the boy. Tristan shook his head morosely and Gareth Pretty Hands bowed his head and started murmuring a quiet prayer. Gritting his teeth in annoyance, Steve ripped a strip of linen from his under tunic and started fastening a tourniquet above the gaping wound.
“Ms. Potts... Is she...?” Now Steve looked a little stricken.
Now Loki pouted. "Aw, you're not playing my game. You're no fun." He stuck his bottom lip out. Thor squeezed a little harder and the pout turned into a grimace. Natasha started cleaning her fingernails with a knife that had appeared out of nowhere.
“Shut up, Tony. You'll make me come in my pants.” Tony glanced down and was impressed by the erection tenting Steve's sweatpants. He slid his hand out from under Steve's shirt and slid it into the front of the sweats. Steve was going commando... Tony's mouth went dry. He caressed the velvety head of Steve's dick, reveling in how solid and warm and right it felt in his hand. Steve trembled above him and he pulled him in for a messy kiss that was mostly open mouths and panting breaths.
be sick. He looks pale enough. And he could be gay, too, I could see it. Maybe his conservative family kicked him out?"
"Steve!" He whispered urgently. Steve frowned. Good, he must be hearing him on some level. "Steve! Do not come. I mean it. I forbid you to come." Steve frowned harder. Tony tried again.
“Impressive,” he admitted. “Creepy and scary. But impressive.”
Tony scoffed. "We got
"Oh. That one. Yeah, sorry, no can do. I'm in the middle of something here." He turned his attention back to his work, figuring that was that. But Steve didn't leave. When Steve's presence remained stubbornly close, Tony looked at him sideways. Steve was grinning now. That didn't bode well.
"Leave it be, Tony."
"There is no God and that man is evil," Tony complained and thunked his head against Steve's shoulder. Then he straightened up and grabbed Steve's hand to tug him up the dead baby stairs. Steve felt a little dazed still.
"Sir, I think -"
Tony stared.
“Right,” says Tony. “On your hands and knees then.”
Both tailors deflated a little. Not completely though.
“Sure. We’ll check it out, together.”
“Yeah, it's fine.” Because it
"Super hearing. I can hear everybody talk in this building. I can hear their heartbeats. I can hear yours. That's why I thought you were scared, it suddenly sped up. But..." He flushed again. "Sorry about that."
muttered Tony,
"Dorothy?!? Just because I happen to like dick, doesn't mean I am Judy Garland in this scenario! Dude, I am
“JARVIS, call Natalie. I mean Natasha.”
“Thank you,” Steve mumbled, and his hands relaxed. Tony let out a breath he hadn’t known he was holding.
"Don't sass me, you doddering stack of punch cards. This is no joke. There won't even be any coffee here for the next six hundred years or so." Saying it out loud made it uncomfortably real. He turned his attention back to the trembling knight to divert himself from the sinking feeling in his gut. The man was now fumbling with a sack tied to his horse's saddle. He shouted some more gibberish and the horse started walking backwards slowly while the man tossed the sack towards Tony. The top opened and gold and silver coins spilled out, plus a candlestick. Tony felt momentarily insulted that they were trying to buy him off. Like he couldn't flatten this sorry excuse for a village in under five minutes. Like a bag of gold coins were going to tempt him, Tony Stark, genius, playboy, billionaire, philanthropist. And then he realized two things pretty much simultaneously.
Steve's mouth went dry. Did Tony... occasionally... with men? The fantasies he had been manfully trying to suppress the last few days came roaring back. Kissing Tony, touching him, touching skin. Tony looking at him, with laughter in his eyes. With want. Drawing him in, drawing him close and pulling him on top, fitting Steve between the expanse of his legs. He blushed at how he wanted to bury his face in Tony's neck and suck on his skin and how Tony would push his hips up and... He forcefully wrenched his attention back to the conversation at hand, praying that Tony hadn't noticed his distraction.
Steve Rogers?
The first thing that happened was that Tony turned twenty-one. It wasn’t as big a deal in this country where the drinking age was sixteen and the driving age eighteen, but he had a good time going out bar hopping with his roommates and a few friends. It was a May evening that felt like summer already, and he’d barely thought about Steve at all.
Ouch. Okay.
“Look at me, Steve,” he interrupted. “No.
"Of course, Captain Rogers. I am sure Mr Stark will understand too. Eventually.”
"Gruel was a Depression staple." Steve shrugged. "That was corn mush, mostly. This tastes better, less bland, bit of a nutty flavor." He resumed shoveling.
"Excellent!" Exclaimed Tony slamming his hand on the table. Percival looked hurt. "I mean not excellent that that happened, but excellent that you know where to find it." He turned to Steve. "Worth investigating, right? It's the best lead- It's the only lead we have so far."
“I think that can wait. I’ll meet you at Bucky’s.” Then Rhodey pulled his head back and closed the door, leaving Tony alone with Steve.
Steve broke the silence.
"Come on," said Steve, "We have to get inside in case they decide to come back."
"Listen, Steve," Tony started, as soon as they were back in the cabin, "I don't know how I fucked that one up, but I obviously did, and I am sorry about that, I really am..."
Tony almost stumbled when Steve shoved him onto the stage.
“God, yes!” Steve's mouth started watering. “Not those horrible fast food ones, but an honest to god, inch thick, medium rare hamburger on a fresh sesame bun with an ice cold Coca Cola.”
Actually, Tony liked the smooth look even more, Steve looked younger and more vulnerable without the beard. He longed to run his fingers along Steve's cheeks and cup his jaw.
Steve was taken aback by the question. He realized immediately there was only one acceptable answer to this and only one shot to get it right. So he blurted it out:
“It doesn’t even have a bitch seat.”
"I brought the suitcase suit. Fury said not to. Funny, funny guy, that Fury." He finally settled for a set of electric toothbrushes and some cell phone power packs. "Fuckers don't even have any soldering irons," he muttered. Fortunately he had thought to bring a small tool set. Tomorrow, though, group excursion or not, he was going to find some more suitable stuff in Rome.
Steve woke up early the next morning after his middle watch. He could see the gray light of dawn through the barn's doorway, but the light hadn't reached inside yet. Tony was still sleeping and so was Bors, who had had first watch. He looked around for Percival, but didn't see him. Maybe he had gone out to relieve himself. He waited a few minutes, but when the man hadn't come back inside yet, he decided to investigate. The storm had blown over, but the skies were still gray and the grass was very wet. The birds were loudly expressing their joy at the change in weather, though. The morning was decidedly chilly, a sign that summer was drawing to an end. There was still no sign of Percy in the immediate vicinity, so he walked out to the track they'd come in on.
"What's wrong with pasta?" Steve wants to know.
“Yeah. Still a crack shot. Even with the one arm. Took a local job, so I could be around to see Steve.”
"Natalie? What the fuck?"
“What-”
“I think I proved my point,” he said with his mouth full, and Steve nodded. It was hard to believe he hadn’t been able to do it an hour ago, it seemed like the simplest thing on the planet now.
“...Good.”
“Are you kidding me? Yes, there is! Unless you want to be accused of kidnapping him, or brainwashing him or whatever the hell you did to him to get him to go along with the bodyguard scam. Tony, I can’t believe you didn’t tell me. You let me believe you had hired an escort as your bodyguard!”
“So you bought a new computer and this morning you bought that suit you’re wearing. What’s up?”
Tony stood on the patio outside the ballroom with Steve at pretty much the same spot where their French friends had had their argument. The masked ball was in full swing in the ballroom, but they weren't the only ones that had taken refuge outside and clusters of people were milling around in the slightly chilly evening. They were standing shoulder to shoulder watching the goings on and scanning for anything suspicious. There were people in evening clothes with masks on and there were others in full costume, both of which made the task more difficult. They'd been scanning for hours and it was getting tiresome to say the least.
"Truly, an invaluable member of the team."
It had been, yet Steve found himself wiping sweaty hands on his robes while trying not to gape at the fancy house across the lawn. He was spared the need to answer by three smartly dressed house elves apparating in front of them.
"Yes,
“So we're looking for the Bat Cave?” Steve couldn't help but smile.
“Steve, do you even believe in magic?”
“You’re doing fine,” he assured him. “You’ll get used to it in no time, I’m sure.”
“You named them? I thought you were going to bring them to the pound?”
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose. "Morgaine, please. I know you were worried about me, but I have a massive headache right now."
"I can see that," said Tony, "Ignore the emo twins, dude, some popular girl will crush their black little hearts soon enough. Tell me how you're going to make the cat-snakes. What are you going to call them?" He steered the kid around the twins, ignoring them completely and kept the boy talking. At that moment, Steve thought he might love him just a little bit.
“Hold on,” said Tony, “Those guys don't look like they are related at all. For one thing, Corbin is at least 20 years older than Del. Do they have different mothers?”
"Alright," said Tony, studying the map on his wall. "I think we can rule out Ireland, that's too big to qualify as an island like Percival described it. So it would either be the Isle of Man, or one of the Scottish islands. And I think even Percival would have noticed if he'd wandered into Scotland." He side eyed the man, but Percival gave no sign of even knowing what Tony was talking about. He suppressed a small sigh. "The Isle of Man is closest anyway, even if it is all the way on the other side of the freaking country, so how about we start there and if it's a dud we work our way north?"
"I'll start climbing," offered Steve. He was shoving something in his shirt. "These guys are too stupid to look up, judging by current evidence. And it sounds like they're about to break down the door." He sprinted back onto the balcony and jumped up to grab the railing of the balcony of the floor above theirs. As Tony zoomed past him with a cursing Clint in bridal hold, the door to the cabin burst open and the men in black poured in.
Thor held Loki by the neck while the rest of them, plus Sam, glared at him, but Tony thought they could be forgiven for not trusting Thor to actually have him under control. As far as Tony had seen, Loki played his brother like a piano, so Tony wasn't standing down or anything stupid like that. He had only lifted the face plate on the armor. Loki was sporting that infuriating grin that meant he knew things that you didn't and yes, strangling sounded just lovely.
“Never heard from him again, huh?”
“Not that I would ever be desperate enough to use another man's sex toys,” Stark said, “But nothing that size goes anywhere near my ass, thank you. Those agate anal beads are more my style.” He gestured to the weird short necklace type thing that Steve had previously considered to be odd jewelry. What on earth were anal beads? And what was it with these 21st century people and their total lack of shame in talking about such private things? Blushing furiously, Steve started gathering armfuls of stuff and haphazardly stuffing it into drawers. The sex toys stayed in the suitcase that he unceremoniously shoved into the tiny closet. Only then did he dare look up and meet Stark's eyes again.
How he wished he could use his full speed. He needed to find Tony and he needed to find him before Hydra did permanent damage. But between the light that bobbed all over the place as he ran, throwing the empty tombs in the walls into crazily shifting shadows and the need to stop at every intersection to check for sound or light clues that Tony might be nearby, the going was painfully slow. Even if he was probably going twice as fast as anybody else would. Steve wondered if Hydra had a fully operational facility down here, or just something temporary to hole up in until they could smuggle Tony out. It would be a good location for them he supposed, if they had a hidden alternate entrance.
"Who said that?" Tony cut in.
Tony wets his lips and Steve promptly drops the t-shirt he was holding. This is apparently an invitation for Tony to walk, no, prowl forward and crowd into Steve's space. Steve wants to do something, anything, to show Tony that he's an active participant, that he can take control, but he can't. He's frozen on the spot, quivering with equal parts anticipation and apprehension. He's not capable of taking that step, he realizes with a stab of resignation, it really does take a pushy asshole like Tony for anything to happen with Steve.
He stared at the colorful assortment of garments that seemed to have pieces missing. Like legs, and a few crotches. And he wondered why Del would pack chaps for a boat trip with no horses or motorcycles to be had. The contents of the thing that could only be described as a beauty case were puzzling to Steve, who had never used more than soap, a razor and a comb. And the sex toys.... He didn't want to think about the sex toys. They mostly looked like torture instruments. Many, many torture instruments.
“Eurail Pass?” Tony asked, mentioning the unlimited train pass that was the eternal favorite of backpackers everywhere.
Jarvis shot a quick glance a Steve, who clutched his blanket a little closer in a faint attempt at modesty.
"Um... which side has the Egg Foo Yong on it?"
Then Steve's voice whispered in his ear: "Tony... I am so sorry... I l-"
"What is with that one?" He pointed at one with a green leg.
"Your wife is not joining us?"
“Take it or leave it, Steve, but I’m not the one kicking you out at 3 am. You know where the bathroom is. I’ll be next door.”
Yeah, well, so did Tony, they hadn’t even fucked yet, but then again, Tony wasn’t going to be around for this mythical ‘longer’ so why was he fighting this? He sighed.
Steve and Tony arrived at the bluff where they had last seen Percival after an hour or so of hard riding. Only Bors's horse stood there, with wild eyes and heaving flanks and covered in sweat, but there was no sign of either man. Steve jumped off his horse and gestured to Tony to do the same. Making their way to the edge of the cliff they peered down. About twenty yards below them Percival and Bors were in the middle of a battle with what Steve first thought was a giant snake, but the small fins and way it was fighting them from the water made him realize that the proper term would be sea serpent. The monster towered over the two men, and even though it was two against one, the fight was far from fair. Their swords didn't seem to do much harm and neither man had brought a lance. Their footing was precarious on the slippery rocks with the waves washing around them and pulling at their feet. The serpent kept threatening to snap their heads off and it wouldn't be long till it succeeded. Steve looked aside at Tony, who shrugged.
"It'll do." Steve nodded curtly. "Come on, then. Wouldn't want to miss the god singing to you and your trees."
Tony scratched his head with the flashlight, making the shadows jump crazily and looking a little sheepish. "Yeah, I figured out around the time their batteries ran out that, of course, I don't have reception down here. And that the head set wasn't working for that reason either. Sorry." Steve had a question, a very urgent question, but it'd have to wait until they'd delivered the boys back to grandma.
Tony blew out a breath. It did nothing to alleviate the misery caught in his throat.
Steve freed up some of the lances Percival's horse carried. He left his shield, because he didn't think it was that suitable for this job and he didn't want to lose it in the waves and have to go diving for it. Tony would look after it for him. Then he loped down the narrow pathway that zig-zagged down the face of the rock.
“JARVIS, how much ground have we covered, you reckon?” Tony was pacing in his sad and pathetic excuse for a workshop. They'd been here for weeks and Tony had chased off dozens of knights, but Steve had yet to show. He studied the crude map of Great Britain he'd sketched on the far wall. JARVIS had projected it and Tony had traced it (with charcoal of all things). He looked at all the places they'd marked as done.
Bors handed food to Steve and Tony and then got himself some. He sat down next to Percy and started shoveling it into his mouth. Tony started eating too.
“What? Me? You are the one that fucked this up!”
"Hello Tony. Not surprisingly, you failed to be inconspicuous. Not that I expected you to, of course. Standard paparazzi protocol will be followed. JARVIS will have called you a cab already. Another cab will meet you behind Rome Termini Station that will take you to our local Stark Industries building. In this case you'll meet your ride back to the cruise ship in the parking garage. Thank you for winning my bet for me, sweetheart. I am sure Director Fury has excellent taste in champagne." The lady smiled and waved at Tony before the message cut off. Steve was surprised Tony wasn't cursing a blue streak. Instead he was smiling and shaking his head.
Bruce’s face went from tense to smiling.
“None of these ladies gave up their virtue willingly!” exclaimed the lady at the center of the group on the stairs. “It was those depraved sinners who forced them. It is not fair of you to judge them for it." Some of the younger women huddled closer together as she spoke, one was crying softly. The slightly older ones looked mostly pissed off.
“Parlor’s this way.”
Steve pulled back a little further. His hair was mussed where Tony had been pulling on it, his lips were swollen and he looked so fucking edible Tony's dick twitched. In vain, but the effort was there.
on your
He wrestled with the knots on the bag as the sound of splintering wood came from behind him. Hopefully that had just been the banisters or something and he still had time. He heard the other men heaving and grunting as their swords cut into flesh with squilchy wet thwacks over and over. Another heave and more creaking and splintering. The bag was open now and Tony pulled out the armor's left arm. Thank god he didn't need to adjust much, because there just wasn't time. He yanked the gauntlet on and peeled a bit of wiring loose with his right thumbnail. Pulling open his tunic he ran back to the impromptu fish abattoir. He pushed Percival aside and jammed the wire straight into the reactor, firing up the repulsor before he even had the connection made.
Ten days later, he dropped Steve and Rhodey at the Military Base in Schinnen. Steve was nervous, shifting from leg to leg as he eyed the guard house at the entry through the misting rain. Tony shook Rhodey’s hand and looked him in the eye.
"You'd be surprised how little time I actually spend at the parties, which are mostly charity events, by the way, and I barely date. I know both type of events get lots of press, but I really spend about 95% of my non-Avengin' time in my workshop. I am not saying I couldn't be more enthused about my commitment, because I probably could and Fury annoys the hell out of me, so that doesn't help. But I like to think that I am there when they need me." Steve nodded silently, looking down at his hands. He looked a little lost. Tony felt for him. Apparently he hadn't been kidding about the empty heart. Tony placed his hands on Steve's and felt the fingers uncurl under his own. "You know, if you wanted to, once your enlistment is over, you could always apply as a SHIELD agent. If you feel like battling doombots is more of your thing than the Taliban."
"The leather is a good look on you. You should wear that when you go see Tony. I'll be sure to bribe JARVIS to get the footage of his reaction. But lose the beard. There should only be one person with facial hair in any relationship."
"Right," said Tony. "I guess we're getting a tree. I suppose having Happy come bring the Limo to transport it for us would be the kind of cheating only us soulless people do too?"
Tony snorted derisively.
" Steve touched him gently on the shoulder. "
"Dead babies?" Tony sounded intrigued.
“Hey, Steve.” he whispered. “Wanna come home with me? There’s food, and radiators, and company.”
"Holy shit, Stark," Clint breathed, "Who the hell have you been fucking? Spiderman?"
“Yes, but maybe not
"Yech, no. Reed Richards is a hack. He can't have you."
"That would be... totally awesome?" Steve was obviously trying the expression on for size.
"Now that we're off the boat and we can hide our datastream in one of the numerous hotel wifis, I am hacking snapchat so we can send Fury an encrypted message. There, that should do it." He snapped a picture of the Colosseum and wrote: "When in Rome.... what are our friends doing?" It took a couple of minutes and then Tony got a picture back of Fury's desk. It said "its 4 motherfucking am and im at my desk waiting for your sister to call dont bug me"
“Hard to say, Sir. I have the data of the places we visited, of course, but I can not possible project how far gossip has spread. There are simply not enough data points for me to extrapolate from.” Tony grit his teeth in frustration. How the hell did people live like this? Some days this primitive life felt almost normal, and that scared him shitless, because it somehow felt as if getting used to the place would prevent him from leaving eventually. But most days every little difference felt like a paper cut rubbed with lemon juice and he wondered how many paper cuts it'd take to kill a person.
"We'll be in Rome by then," Steve replied, "And it is not my fault you drank too much yesterday. If you're going to be a big man in the evening, you gotta be a big man in the morning. Besides, you'll sweat it out faster this way."
“Am not.”
“Showers are through that door. Best water pressure in the castle.”
“That'd be great. Imagine if you could stand up on the battlements and light up the sky with green fire.” He made and expansive gesture with his arms. Tony could certainly imagine it. It'd be a hell of a beacon for Steve. “Do you think you can?”
He started as Tony reached over his shoulder and picked up the apple.
The tingling had reached his feet and there was a ringing in his ears. Then his vision blued out.
Weeks. A little tendril of fear wormed its way into Steve's gut.
“Bruce made that particular part.”
Steve trailed his lips down Tony’s throat and chest and gently bit his nipple. Fuck. He hadn’t even known those were sensitive. He’d thought that was a girl thing. But when Steve sucked it into a peak, he wanted to sob and beg. Steve popped off and looked at him with a crooked smile.
So he did. He visited with John Denning for hours. The man was tickled pink with Steve's visit and while they could not establish a direct connection, they spent a lot of time reminiscing about people and places they both had known. Then they'd talked about the years that Steve had missed and what John thought about now versus then, and when Steve left in the early evening he felt whole in a way he hadn't felt since, well, Tony. He stopped by a gas station on the way to a Motel 6 and bought a Rand McNally and some markers. On a whim he also bought a postcard with 'Greetings from Silver Spring' on the front and addressed it to Tony Stark at Stark Industries. He simply signed it 'Steve', not knowing what he should or could say anyway, and dropped it in the mail before he could change his mind. It felt a little weird, like it wasn't even scratching the surface of what would be enough, but at the same time it felt deeply satisfying to have someone to send a postcard to. And if Tony didn't agree with that, there was nothing he could do about it. Steve could send him as many cards as he wanted.
"Are we in a relationship?" Steve sounded a little stunned. Why the hell was he surprised? He was the one who had started it with all the touching and the kissing and making Tony fall for him.
Oz you guide the way like Dorothy and I am the one looking for a heart."
“Ran away as soon as it saw me.”  Steve looked at Tony. “You think Bruce will be alright?”
"Exactly!" Tony crowed, flinging himself back against the armrest with the enthusiasm of the mildly inebriated, "That's the other thing it's about: trust. You know how you said yesterday that it went without saying that you had my back?" Steve nodded. "And implicitly you're trusting me to have yours..... So. Steve. Kneel for me." Steve stared at him. "Go on," said Tony, "Trust me. Kneel." After a long moment, Steve slid off the couch and knelt on the floor. Tony felt a little thrill of triumph. "Good. Now close your eyes." Steve did. Tony got up and rummaged in Del's suitcase in the closet, then returned to the couch. "Come closer, don't open your eyes, follow my voice." Steve shuffled closer on his knees. "A little further. Now turn towards me." God, the man was beautiful. "Hold still. These are nothing but scarves." Steve went a little tense when Tony used one as a blindfold. "Shhhhh," Tony whispered and trailed his hand over the blond hair, feeling the tension leave again. "Now hold up your hands, wrists together." Steve didn't hesitate this time and Tony loosely tied his hands together. "Come a little closer still." Tony opened his legs and watched Steve shuffle forward in between them. He let his fingertips trail along Steve's jaw and neck, the touch featherlight. A little shiver passed through Steve and when Tony cupped his jaw he felt Steve push into the touch. This was heady stuff. Tony suddenly wished he had not had that last drink.
“What’s so bad about December 21st?”
“I’m sure Clint and Tasha would love to see you too.”
Sam started cheering and Thor was pounding Bruce on the back and bellowing in the man's ear.
“You gotta stop doing this.”
"Who the hell.... Oh my God! That's Cap! Tony did it. He brought him back. You owe me fifty bucks, Nat!" Clint exclaimed.
His musings were disrupted by Percival poking him in the side. When he looked up at him, annoyed, Percival pointed at a man currently speaking with great relish.
Steve wants to wave him away, but that's not how he's been brought up. His eyes flick to Tony.
Steve pressed a soft kiss into his hair. He couldn't help it. It was right there and it smelled good and it was Tony.
is he sending me postcards!?"
“It's -”
"I don't know the particulars, " said Tony, "But you're obviously dying to make a grand statement starting with the words 'you people' and I was about to expire from the anticipation, so I thought I'd help you get started."
“What's wrong?”
"Milady?" Steve asked, turning to the woman who was obviously in charge.
“Jesus, you're like a fucking furnace.”
“Pity.”
Steve's expression turned hurt, his hands falling away. Why would..... Oh shit, Steve thought he was laughing at his confession. That wouldn't do. Tony patted Steve on the cheek to get his attention.
Steve shook his head. It wasn't the weirdest thing that had happened on this quest, but he sure was ready to go home to the day to day weirdness he was more familiar with.
the fucking bus, Steve, we can do whatever we want. JARVIS, where can we get art supplies?"
“Yes, Master Rogers?”
"Uh.... It seemed like it would be depressing?"
“Oh Jesus,” Tony whispered. “What happened to Bruce?”
Go. The answer should be go. Steve knows this, but he doesn't want to know it. He gets up and opens the sliding glass door. It's completely dark outside and the air is so still not even the grass is rustling. The day's heat hasn't dissipated yet and he knows it's one of those nights where he'll have to turn up the air conditioner to make the upstairs cool enough to fall asleep. That trailer is going to be miserable still. A goat bleats in the distance and Steve smiles as he looks back at Tony, who is now sprawling back on the couch with a small smirk on his face. The relief at having overcome whatever weird spell Tony held over him makes Steve feel magnanimous.
"JARVIS, switch to
“Get him off his feet as soon as you can, Cap. He is not ready to be up this long and that leg needs rest.” Then he patted Steve on the shoulder, tried to frown at Tony, but smirked instead. Shaking his head he walked away, muttering. “Only you, Tony. Only you.”
"You're needed upstairs."
Steve had thought of something to say. And now Tony had to say something. About the cats. He sure as hell hadn’t been scrambling for things to say about the cats the last few minutes, so it required a bit of a mental u-turn. Cats… Right. The cats.
“I know you cheat,” he hissed in fake menace. “Not going to make it easier for you.”
“I will go visit your brother's court tomorrow.”
"Oh wow! Look how many words he's graced me with! Why, that's more than he's said to me, cumulatively, since I pulled his ass out of the Cave of Sinners. And here I thought he'd been replaced by a Captain America blow up doll."
"My problem is that you went in like a chicken with its head cut off. No backup. No communication. Did you even have a plan?"
. It’s a modern classic. Hey, can we get to the part where you are angry with me and start pushing me against walls and getting into my face? I mean, this downer thing is a little freaky, Romanov wasn’t kidding. And the other thing ended really well, last time.”
"Oh, that's lovely," deadpanned Steve. He started walking.
“Tony! The reactor!”
Tony was putting on the gold details of his third little gingerbread Iron Man, when Clint came over and accused him of cheating.
“Can we go somewhere else? Please?”
“Right,” says Tony, “So it is. I'll be going then.”
But now she had let him down by actually letting someone into his office that he hadn't specifically greenlighted ahead of time. It was an imposing motherfucker, too. Although it
“Steve?” The voice is young. Female. Familiar. He looks over his shoulder and he was right. It's Wanda, his former therapist, sticking her head around the door of her office. He'd forgotten that she has open office on Wednesday afternoons.
Draco covered Harry’s mouth.
like that. He wasn't stupid, he knew where this was headed, even if he'd never headed that way before. Give it another day or two and they'd end up naked in bed together, no doubt about it. And that idea was... exhilarating, to say the least and his dick was completely on board with that, obviously, but at the same time the warning bells were deafening. Because it wasn't just his dick that was on board. He wanted it to matter.
Tony frowned at him. "I think you know who I am. If you don't, I am not going to tell you and if you do,
The ballroom where they were to have their lesson was surprisingly nice. It was two stories high, had big chandeliers, a gleaming wooden floor and it had doors that opened onto the deck located near the bow. About 30 couples were milling around waiting for the class to start, none of them standing out as obvious Hydra agents. But those seemed to have changed a lot since Steve's time, as Tony had pointed out. Monocles, black leather and heavy German accents were apparently out of fashion for the bad guys these days. The instructors came in, a very tan, glittery and sinewy group of men and women, and gathered the milling crowd.
“Are you fucking schooling me on Monty Python quotes? For real? Captain America is out-nerding me now?” He threw his hands in the air and grinned. “Oh my God, wait till I tell Bruce!”
“You take care of Pepper, okay?”
It wasn’t easy. Fifteen minutes later, Tony was scratched all to hell and had let three kittens get away. He was cornering the two black ones and muttering curses, while trying to figure out how to grab them without them getting past him when he heard a voice behind him.
“You wanted extra cheese and breadcrumbs,” Steve shoots back. “So don't come crying to me now.”
"She did, sir. It is with the suit."
A knock on the door woke him up at dawn. He hastily disentangled himself from Tony, dragged down his still damp tunic and pulled it on, grimacing at the salty tackiness of it. Standing outside was a hermit. A lady hermit, this time.
Steve kept his word. By the time he finally pushed into Tony, he had reduced him to a shivering, panting mess. Just the sensation of Steve slowly breaching his ass was almost enough to make him come. The slide of Steve's dick through the ring of muscles ricocheted through his nervous system, making him quake. He'd never been this desperate and eager to be filled, and he kind of resented being forced to leave his dignity so far behind, but that was something to worry about later. Much later, when he wasn't begging Steve to
Less something anyway. Considering his recent fantasies about Tony, Uncle Steve immediately felt like a pervert preying on the innocent. Not that he would have had said fantasies if he'd known Tony as a kid, lord help him. Or even as a young man. He'd seen the pictures of a baby faced Tony in his twenties and he much preferred the worn man next to him, who carried his experiences in the lines on his face. The good, the bad and the ugly. God, it was still so strange to be both older and younger. He shook his head and dared a smile.
Sure enough, there was Tony hovering a little ways away, one hand raised and at the ready. No doubt JARVIS had patched through the entire conversation, he could tell by the way Tony hung in the air, somehow. Steve felt his heart drop into his shoes and he wanted to howl at the unfairness of it all. The unfairness of losing the chance to tell Tony himself, of trying to make him understand. The hope he'd harbored of maybe, possibly
"It's part of the game, Steve. You can have me, but do not come. Can you do that for me?" Steve looked unsure. "I swear to God, Steve, I will never fuck you again if you come before I tell you to.” He paused, then added: “I'll make it up to you later, I promise, babe. Just don't come yet."
Natasha was home when they arrived. Predictably, she reamed Tony out for stealing her tuna and taking the dishpan, but she was surprisingly nice to Steve. Not that it helped. Tony could feel the tension in Steve starting to build as Natasha bickered with Tony. She might have noticed too, because she went to her room after only a few minutes. But it was too late. When the food was done, Steve wolfed it down and immediately got up to grab his duffel.
"I am Sir Bors, you knave. Now tell me where he is or I will smite you where you stand." He started unsheathing his sword. Medieval frat boys, Tony thought, always ready with their swords.
Tony sat back and crossed his arms, considering her. "Not to mention disfigured. I'd say the money this country could save on health care costs alone would make it worth the effort. You'll probably get a medal."
"Okay, spill," said Tony, tearing the bread into chunks and pouring the wine into goblets. "Where the hell have you been and what have you done with yourself?"
“Isn't shepherd's pie more of a winter dish?”
Steve rested his elbows on his knees and scratched the back of his neck. He looked straight at the ducks when he replied.
“Not that Fury will take my advice.”
"Me too." She looked a little sad. Tony had always wondered if she'd had a crush on the man or if it had just been professional admiration. Hero worship, maybe? But that line of thought suddenly hit a little close to home, and to his own little crush, so he looked around for a distraction. He immediately found one right in front of him where Falcon and Bruce were stringing popcorn and cranberries into garlands.
! Excuse me for not waiting half an hour to see if you'd drowned or not! I am
It was all wrong. The blow job giver was supposed to be the one in control, the one that could remain detached while the other guy went down the rabbit hole, but Tony didn't feel in control at all. He felt shaky and fragile and he had no words while Steve looked at him with those earnest blue eyes. And when Steve kissed him, open mouthed, but oh so gently, Tony felt like he was falling. As if the floor under his knees had opened up and he would never hit the ground.
the Tin Man here, I have my armor and I have no heart!"
“What? No! I mean, maybe it helped. A little. Not like that, though. I mean, sex is life affirming and stuff…” Tony sighed and rubbed his face. “Do you know how hard it is to think rationally when you’re about to die?”
“It's Sunday. You can still lose that leg.”
When they were completely naked, they paused and looked at each other. Then Steve wrapped himself completely around Tony and buried his face in the crook of Tony's neck. Tony hid his face in Steve's, reveling in all the skin on skin contact that went a long way toward making up for the months of separation. He felt his throat constrict and his eyes brimmed suspiciously. He angrily rubbed them on Steve's neck until Steve lifted his chin and forced him to meet his eyes. Seeing the same tremulous emotion there, he forced himself to stop trying to hide his own. Then Steve smiled at him, that big warm smile that had short circuited Tony's defenses from day one. Day two at the latest. It should have scared the beejezus out of him, the realization that his defenses were down, that Steve could reach in and rip his heart out if he wanted. But the flash of panic he'd expected didn't manifest. Instead of feeling weak and scarily vulnerable, he felt like he could take on the world, exposed heart and all.
Clint was indeed baking cookies. He had both ovens going and batches of what looked and smelled like gingerbread dough and sugar cookie dough. He was in the middle of a complicated dance that involved rolling dough, cutting shapes, filling trays, swapping out trays in the ovens, moving hot cookies from trays to wire racks and cooled cookies from wire racks to platters. And he was drinking beer.
too good. And he clearly hadn't thought this through because in a few moments he was going to embarrass himself or do something stupid, or both. Tony looked back at him as the laughter drained out of him and the silence stretched. His eyes were dilated, but the light was so low, Steve wasn't sure what that meant. He didn't know if it was just him or if Tony felt it too, this tension that sung between them, so impossibly highly strung Steve wasn't sure how he was still breathing. If he was still breathing. He searched Tony's face for clues, but didn't trust his own judgment. The urge to kiss Tony, to plunder his mouth, to lower his full weight onto the man below, to dig his fingers in his hair and just take what he wanted, was overwhelming. In his mind's eye it happened over a dozen times in the space of a few endless seconds and every repeat made it harder to resist.
"Too far. Couch is behind you."
Steve snorted. “
"You mean...?" Operation Desert Storm? It was impossible to even wrap his brain around that.
What?
Steve felt his eyebrows climb up into his hairline.
"He has sworn an oath to help me on my quest." Steve's hand was suddenly a firm presence on Tony's lower back. The man had been handsy ever since they'd been reunited, and maybe Tony should say something about that, but he really couldn't find any urgent need in himself to do so. Of course, he'd woken up on top of the man this morning, but that had been an accident and it didn't mean anything. He leaned into the touch, grateful for the back up and felt Steve flex his fingers in acknowledgment.
Steve regarded the woman. She seemed to be on the far side of middle age and she reminded him of one of his mother’s friends who had worn too much make up.
And Tony kissed him again.
“Tony, he's gone. The contact left!”
"It does," insisted Percival. "Not that false Grail Sir Anthony showed us at King Arthur's court, but the real one. And I don't understand why Sir Anthony pretended to be demon with a false Grail at all."
stupid.
"Well. In that case, if I just follow you we should both get there."
for me.”
The worst though, the absolute worst, was the little silver barbell pierced through Steve's left nipple. Ungh. Tony could just imagine, very vividly, what it would be like to suck that into his mouth. Steve's breath would hitch every time he flicked it with his tongue. Or maybe he'd moan. Moaning was good, especially Tony's name. Tony's hand would wander over those perfect abs, the other cupping that perfect ass. And Steve, sweet, gorgeous Steve would press his hips up to find friction against Tony's dick and.... and he really needed to put his tablet down now to hide the tent in his shorts.
“I will do it.”
Howard turned into Pepper. She looked peeved, but oddly fragile with Thor's big hand on her neck, which made her more bearably fake, because she'd never looked fragile to Tony.
"Right.
“The Cave of
"The king is ailing and as long as he is incapacitated, the land cannot thrive. You must make haste."
"I'm going to take a shower now."
He knew it was going to be pointless, but there was no way he would get any work done now, so went outside anyway. He wandered all over town, hoping, wishing for a glimpse of Steve that he
"You were hating on it. Go find yourself another book, there's a book case in the family room." Steve points him in the right direction and goes back to his crappy but entertaining book.
Steve raised an eyebrow at Tony.
“You came out of that ten times the man you were going in.” Lame. But true, as far as Steve knew.
“Tony. I just wanted to-” Steve was reaching into his jacket, but Tony yanked on his arm and dragged him inside.
"It's just a cut. I'm not hurt."
As soon as his eyes had adjusted to the light outside the chapel, he scrambled up onto the hill. Mentally retracing the steps below ground he started searching for any signs of smoke. He had felt some airflow below, which meant that there had to be a vent around here somewhere. After several increasingly frantic yet fruitless minutes, he risked taking his air filter off and took a deep sniff. Yeah, sulfur and something cloyingly sweet, it had to be close by. He found it eventually, behind some shrubbery. It was small and it was rather far from the main cave, but that could actually work to his advantage. From what he'd seen and estimated, with the manhole open he should be able to create quite an effective wind tunnel.
“So…. Uh…. How come you have a portrait of Jarvis at school, if he is still alive and living here? I thought only dead people had talking portraits?” Probably something he should have known as a proper wizard and didn’t.
“I know and I have seen enough and that is all I am going to say about someone who is not here.”
and he managed to reduce the bucking thing to trembling. Sweat was dripping into his eyes and he gritted his teeth trying to maintain the focus on both spells at once.
He had to disengage. The questioning look on Steve's face almost made him dive back in, though, so he momentarily closed his eyes in order keep his focus.
“I did. I had. Until S.H.I.E.L.D. cacked. And nobody seemed to have a fucking clue what would happen if we happened to have another alien invasion. Remember that nuke I flew through that portal last year, because WSC thought the most elegant solution would be to just nuke Manhattan to stop Loki? I saw the fucking mothership, Cap, and it made the stuff they sent down here look like blow darts. And now S.H.I.E.L.D is gone. Fury's gone. Coulson is gone. You and Natasha disappeared. Thor is canoodling with his girlfriend. Or his brother, who the fuck knows? And I haven't seen Barton since we had Shawarma. In the meantime, I still had nightmares about those fucking Chitauri and I realized I'd sleep marginally better if stopped sitting on my ass drinking fruity cocktails at the beach with my girlfriend and made sure I could give the Hulk some back up if the fuckers came back. So I unretired.”
"That's what PA's do, Natalie, they level up to their boss's discretion."
"Sir, there is another squid coming. Actually, make that two more." JARVIS interrupted.
good. He moaned into Steve’s mouth and Steve greedily thrust his tongue down Tony’s throat.
"Hey." Steve's voice was warm, but raspy with disuse.
“What? Me? Why would I be in the receiving line?” asked Steve, who had pretty much planned to go hide behind a tree for the evening.
Tony realized at that moment that they should have known this guy was an impostor all along. All of the actual Grail hermits had called them by name. And all of them had had nasty things to say about Tony, while this one had ignored him when they first met.
"Let's get ice cream."
Tony pulled back maybe six inches. He couldn't manage more, it was like he was caught by that gaze.
Steve smiled and Tony's heart almost stopped.
they like what they like, because I personally am not that interested and as long as everything is consensual.... Yay for consensuality at all times!" He gave Steve two thumbs up and his best deranged camp councilor grin. "As long as everything is consensual and doesn't involve children or animals, other people have no right to bitch. So I am just going to go through a list and you're just going to nod for 'yes, I know what it is' or shake your head for 'what the hell are you talking about'. Okay? Okay. So our French friend was into cuckolding, among a few suspected other things. How about watersports? Feet? Furries? Cross dressing?...."
“Well?” she prodded impatiently.
There was a large wicker basket that was rocking slightly as if what was in it was trying to punch its way out. He pulled the basket towards him, out from under the table. He heard a woman shriek from not too far away, but when he looked up, nothing was happening. He opened up the basket and looked down at the tear stained face of a little girl, that was maybe a year old or so. One of her arms ended in a little nub instead of a hand. She was also running a fever and was covered in spots on her arms and face. Her wispy red hair was plastered to her head with sweat. She had scratched her cheek with her one hand and it looked swollen and infected. The poor thing needed a doctor, not a basket. He had to get her to a hospital!
“There. We’ll make a proper wizard out of you yet.”
“Sounds like you may have had an argument or two about that,” Steve laughed.
It was like it came through a tunnel from the other side of a mountain, and Steve could barely decipher it, but it sounded like “Left armpit”. Steve lifted the left arm, but couldn't see a thing. He felt around with his fingertips and finally he found a small irregularity in the smooth metal. Pushing did nothing. Figured that would be too easy. But eventually, when he hooked his finger just so, something popped. And then, like a cascade, pieces of armor started disconnecting and falling off Tony, who took in a great gulping breath of air at the same as the door slammed open. Steve looked up to see a tiny woman with a long dark hair stomp into the room.
"Right," he said cheerfully, when he opened them back up. "I'm starving. Are you starving? You must be starving. Food?"
“Well, you know, it's very flashy and there's lots of fashion stores and movie stars. I thought you guys might be interested in that sort of thing.” Tony didn't miss how he glanced at Steve while stating this, nor the hint of disapproval in his voice. Right. Not Hydra then. Just a judgmental asshole about men in pink dinner jackets.
"I thought people had sex to
"Yes. Fine. In the morning." Tony said to her retreating back.
“Whatever, smartass. Take them on Monday or drown them, for all I care. Just get them out of there.” And with that Pim pulled his head back and left Tony to figure things out. He scampered up the ramp they used to get the kegs in and out of the cellar and came out in the alley. He stopped to close the shutters behind him, in case one of the cats snuck behind his back and then he took his bearings. It was twilight and the cobblestones and air were wet with the rain that had fallen earlier. Thank god it wasn’t raining now, although the sky looked like it might not be done yet. That was likely, because once it started raining in this country it often wouldn’t stop for days. Or weeks. He looked around for a trace of cats. He didn’t see them at first but then a tiny squeal made him look under the steps that led to the backdoor of the neighboring house and there they were. Five pairs of little blue eyes stared at him. A black and white one puffed up and tried to hiss menacingly, but only managed to look utterly adorable. Two others were black and there was a tiny white one with orange ears and and orange nose and an orange tail, and the biggest one was all orange. This should be easy.
"Yes, really. Not that you want to, obviously." And Tony had absolutely no clue where the little pang of regret came from. He wasn't the marrying kind, also: dying, so the whole idea was ridiculous.
