“Dean,” Cas said softly, and apparently that was the perfect cure for his babbling madness because he stopped immediately to listen to what Cas had to say.
“He should’ve known we’d never punish him for something like that,” Castiel said, his finger motioning between the two of them.
“And how they both looked so uncomfortable at your impromptu sex ed lesson!” Castiel laughed, almost as hard as he had when it really happened.
He’d never actually tried for anything with Cas, because those same four years were spent in the closet because he was too worried about his homophobic dad’s reaction to having a bi son to actually come out. But oh, there had been some seriously pathetic pining going on, with lots of even more pathetic longing looks whenever Cas hadn’t been paying attention to him. Like now, while Cas and his redheaded companion were greeting a few of their former classmates.
They were sticky with sweat and other bodily fluids, but to each other, they couldn't look more beautiful. Cas smiled down at the man underneath him, before giving him a sweet kiss, trying to avoid aggravating his injured lips. When Dean winced a little anyway, Cas kissed him a second time on the cheek instead. "Love you, Dean," he whispered, then smiled even more when he felt Dean's arms circle around him.
“If those damn boxers aren’t off in the next three seconds,” Dean threatened into Cas’ throat as he bit his way down to his collarbone, “I’m going to freaking destroy them.” And true to his word, when Cas hadn’t been able to wiggle out of them fast enough, Dean tore them off for him, the old fabric ripping away easily.
Dean grinned even bigger. “What, you think kids this good looking could come from anything else?” He teased. He was obviously used to such outbursts like this by now, and was trying to make Castiel feel a little less flustered. The stunned omega was grateful for that, as well.
"So, I was going after that demon, right?" Dean explained. Sam nodded and his brother went on. "She was a total bitch, and a bitch to kill, too. I ganked her in an alley behind that Chinese place I love, but she must've been a witch or had a spell ready or something, because I got all tingly as she fizzled out, and not in the good way. I looked down and saw these damn boobs, and I got my ass here as fast as Baby would go."
When he opened the door, his confusion went up by at least twenty points, because instead of one of their friends, or even their tenuous allies there was a guy in a pizza delivery boy uniform. His short hair was covered up by the baseball cap, and for some reason he was wearing shorts even though it was kind of cold outside, really short shorts actually, but the pizza box in his hand was a dead giveaway. None of the pizza places in town were wiling to deliver this far out, not that the bunker was on any GPS anyway, so this random pizza guy was seriously out of place.
“It was never a secret, Dean,” Cas said in a soothing tone. “But now that it’s even less of a secret, would you like to go out on a date with me?” Cas asked, looking eager, but a little bit like he’s ready for rejection, just in case.
Cas moved a bit awkwardly in his seat, still not used to the elaborate celebrations the wood nymph had been holding in the bunker for the family since being released. “Uh, yes,” he answered, sounding as awkward as he felt. “Angels don’t normally celebrate, well, any human holidays really, but especially not regional ones like this.”
Cas started running his hands through Dean’s hair, tugging a few strands every so often just to taste Dean’s moan of pleasure in his mouth. Their bodies copied their mouths, and the two were separated by the only piece of clothing currently in play: Cas’ boxer shorts, his usual makeshift pajamas unless it was cold out. Dean groaned in frustration as he was denied skin to skin contact because of that damn white cloth.
Shoving the incriminating sketchpad under one of the boxes he’d brought the painted wood signs in, he grabbed the Styrofoam plate holding the turnover. “If this tastes anywhere near as good as it smells, I’m in love already,” Dean muttered, already drooling as the pastry got closer to his mouth and stomach. “Thanks a bunch Cas, I love apple turnovers, and pies, and pretty much anything this delicious.”
When the two girls were tucked back in, Claire still happily nibbling on the blue shark ring, Castiel followed Dean back into the living room. “I can make up the couch for you,” Dean said nervously. “Cuz you know I didn’t invite you guys to stay so we could knock boots, right?”
Dean was moaning about being ‘close, so close,’ when Castiel felt himself start to falter in rhythm. The white hot ball of pleasure that had been building in him since he saw that black lace sticking out from beneath denim was close to exploding, and though he wanted this feeling to go on forever, he knew that when he orgasmed it would be the greatest thing he had ever felt. With Dean whining beneath him, sweaty and out of breath and so very needy, more beautiful than should even be possible, Castiel felt on the very edge of orgasm, and thrust as hard as he could without hurting Dean, once, twice, and then the world disappeared in a cloud of white haze and Heavenly bliss that he would gladly get lost in for centuries if he could. The only thing that pulled him out of his post-orgasm departure from reality was the feeling of Dean squeezing him so hard he almost felt like he could orgasm again, then getting hit with warm fluid and Dean screaming his name in one giant, debauched moan. The hunter mimicked the movements for a few more moments before slumping onto the seat as if boneless.
“Try harder?” Dean suggested nonchalantly, shrugging before moving over to finish packing away his own belongings.
Dean held his hands up in surrender at Castiel’s glare, showing that it was safe for the angel to continue.
“I would never want to make you uncomfortable, or force you into anything you don’t want to do, Dean, never,” Cas quickly responded. He desperately wanted to grab Dean’s hands, to hold them and reassure the hunter, but even as clueless as he had the tendency to be about human matters like that, he knew to stay back, to not rush anything.
A few seconds past the normal time length that it should’ve taken for a person to reply, Dean managed to croak out, “My booth?”
Dean headed for the driver’s seat instinctively, since he’d always been the one driving. Cas putting his arm up before Dean could reach for Baby’s door handle, on the other hand, was definitely new. “Cas, get out of the way,” Dean said, trying to push the arm out of the way even though he knew he was no match for stubborn angel strength, no matter what body he was in.
Jack just tilted his head, a habit he was starting to pick up from Cas. “I’m far stronger than any human could even dream of being, so shouldn’t it be me that needs to take it easy on you?” He asked.
“Thanks for the warning, Meg,” he called back over his shoulder. He fitted the lens into place, ready to take whatever photos the catalog company required of him. He hated these corporate gigs, but unlike his beloved nature photography, these things actually paid the bills.
Dean finally bothered to look at the receipt. Only it wasn’t a receipt, just a phone number. Ohhh… “Your number?” He finally said, stating the obvious.
“The backseat’ll be way more comfortable than the ground," Dean explained, before sliding in on his back, his shoes and socks already gone. The angel took his own off before clumsily climbing on top of him.
“Well, you were flirting with me rather heavily, and since I returned the attraction, I flirted in return, though I may not be very good at it since you never noticed it.”
“Of course it was him,” Castiel said, sighing and rolling his eyes for at least the millionth time by now about his older, yet definitely not wiser, brother.
“I’m gonna really miss this place too, Cas,” Dean said softly, once he could properly breathe again. “We’ll just have to drag those two home from college whenever we can, to make new hilarious memories at the new place.”
“Even your hobbies are geeky,” Dean teased his little brother. “Those things always have clues that you need a freaking history degree or something to figure out,” he complained, but he sat down next to Sam anyway.
Sam, completely ignoring Dean’s frenzied attempts at trying to make him stay quiet, called out to Cas. “We’re down here, Cas.” Dean wanted to punch that smug grin on his brother’s face, but there wasn’t enough time as the angel’s footsteps echoed heavily on the metal staircase.
“You too, Dean,” Castiel said automatically. The omega watched the man walk away, pushing the stroller with ease. The back view was just as good as the front, and any other time Castiel’s would’ve been ashamed for having thoughts like that, but there was just something about Dean.
At ‘one,’ the two pulled eagerly, but Dean broke off the bigger half in only a second or two. He held up the bone shard triumphantly once he saw that Jack wasn’t upset. “I wasn’t expecting to win, actually.”
Which left him standing near the bleachers, drink cup in hand and bored expression on his face. He should've at least brought his friend/almost-sister Jo as a not-date to keep him company, but he hadn’t, so now it was just him and his cell phone. Only, before he could pull out his phone to play some Candy Crush, he noticed a new couple walk through the doors. The woman with red hair he didn’t recognize at all, though she was interesting looking enough in her Legend of Zelda t-shirt that he was pretty sure they probably would’ve been friends, at the least. But the dark haired guy she was walking in with, him he definitely recognized.
“Eh, I can just buy one later,” Dean said, though Castiel could tell that he was still definitely disappointed. They stood there awkwardly for a few moments, before Dean abruptly changed the subject. “How does that work, anyway? Your angel mojo healing trick?”
Castiel opened up the wrapper and popped the piece of chocolate into his mouth. It took a moment for the taste to hit, since he still wasn’t quite used to anything other than the flavor of molecules, but when it did he groaned in delight. It tasted even better than Dean had made it sound. “This one is definitely my favorite,” Castiel declared, because he couldn’t imagine anything tasting better than this candy did.
“If that’s what you really wanted,” Cas said, and even though he was still facing away from Dean, it was like that eyebrow still had an effect on him.
Castiel put his piece of candy down and reached for Dean’s stomach. “Here, let me help,” he said as he used his grace to ease up Dean’s discomfort.
“Dean, I thought,” Castiel struggled to explain his motives behind helping Metatron, but the angry hunter wasn’t willing to wait for an answer.
Cas growled, pouncing onto Dean and pulling him into the raunchiest kiss this side of Hell, and it was Dean's turn to let out a moan. But as enjoyable as getting ravaged by his super-angel boyfriend was, Dean had a different goal in mind.
“Thanks,” Dean said as he stood up, then turned off the record player. “You staying for it, or you off on some new case?” He had to hold back just how much he wanted the angel to stay, how much he wished Cas would stay in the bunker all the time so Dean could see him more often, and maybe, eventually be able to tell him the secret, that he was in love with the dork. But yeah, that one definitely stays hidden for as long as he possibly can, because Cas probably doesn’t even like him back. The dude’s an angel, do they really even consider humans as potential romantic partners? Or do they even have a sense of romance? Was Cas even emotionally capable of feeling the same way as Dean did? Inter-species dating had seemed like no big deal at all when Charlie had been dating that faerie, even though it hadn’t really lasted all that long. Maybe something like that was why.
Dean shook his head to clear out the overly dramatic girl thoughts, which reminded him about his hair. Grabbing one of the elastic hair bands from Sam's room, he was pulling his stupid long hair back into the semblance of a ponytail as he entered the library.
Castiel tilted his head at the hunter. “Yes?” Even though he was an angel, this conversation was still managing to give him a headache. Why couldn’t Dean just say what he meant? It would probably make both their lives easier at this point.
“You and me? It confuses the hell out of me.” Dean sighed, starting to wonder if he’d need to see a therapist soon, because pretty much everything, all the thoughts and emotions, he’d been pushing down and hiding for so long were flooding in all at once, like a dam had burst or a volcano had erupted. “I know… I know I definitely feel something for you, Cas, and I even know it’s romantic in some way. I pushed it all away before, though, because it didn’t seem like a good idea, or that you’d be interested in the first place, or a billion other reasons to not think about it. I just wasn’t sure I could deal with falling in love with you, not the vessel but you. I’m still not completely sure if I can deal, or if it’s a good idea.” Dean paused, even though he was definitely not finished.
“No, I think I need to say this,” Dean tried to explain. “I know all this stuff is in there, but I have to figure it out before I answer you.”
“Too bad you don’t sweat,” Dean added, laying it on thick. “It’d make you look even better.” When Cas looked up at him finally, he winked.
The room was silent for a few seconds, before Dean realized what he’d just done, and for Sam to realize what had just happened. “Wait…” the taller Winchester said. “Are you guys dating?” He started laughing as he figured out the answer to his own question by how much Dean was blushing.
Dean let out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding that Cas hadn’t laughed or anything. As much as he wanted to literally hide under the table, he wanted this hell to end as fast as possible, and that meant actually talking to the angel. Trying his absolute hardest to make his voice sound at least somewhat masculine, Dean answered, “We have no clue, Cas.” He slumped back into his chair, getting in much more slump than usual because of his regrettably smaller size.
Dean had to think for a second to realize what he meant. “You would?” His mouth asked without permission.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean answered nervously. Only now were his reactions making sense to Castiel, now that he was holding Dean's hand.
Dean shrugged and smiled even bigger. “Not really that hard to learn, if you’re not an idiot,” Dean replied with an eye roll, then covered his mouth immediately. “Shit, I’m probably not supposed to call the other models idiots, am I?”
“What in the hell were you thinking, Cas?” Dean yelled, not even bothering to wait until Sam was out of hearing range.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean let out in a whimper as Castiel started to move in Dean’s lap, causing the most agonizingly beautiful friction. “Want you so fucking hard right now,” he moaned.
The entire tirade, the two had been staring at Jo with surprise, which quickly turned to even more embarrassment as she went on. They looked at each other with wide eyes, then broke apart as if it had all been synchronized. "But Jo," Dean started to say, as Castiel awkwardly tried to fix his messenger bag's strap.
“Wait, beautiful?” Dean asked, confusion helping to lessen his blush, but not by much. “What do you mean…” The hunter’s words trailed off when he caught sight of the very obvious tent in Castiel’s black slacks. His eyes widened and he licked at his lips, making Castiel’s erection push even more insistently at his zipper.
“Something like that,” Cas agreed with a sigh in his voice. There was a soft thump as Cas’ leg hit the bed frame. “Maybe until we fix this, you could stand closer so that I can avoid potential injury?” he suggested. It had barely begun and he was already over it.
Peeing with Cas less than two feet away was probably the most uncomfortable he’d been around another person in his entire life. The angel faced away the entire time, and was even considerate enough to whistle loudly to cover up the sound. Dean was blushing so hard as he washed his hands that he could feel the heat coming off of his skin.
“Love you too, Cas,” Dean mumbled as he pulled his fiance just a little bit closer, held him just a little bit tighter.
“Your soul, I think,” Castiel said, sliding off of Dean even though every part of him objected to the loss of contact. “I think your soul fell in love when I did.” Dean slipped out of the chair and grabbed him by the face before kissing him, a deep, long, probing kiss like before, only slower.
Cas and his single raised eyebrow stared at him for a little bit longer, before he turned around. Didn’t say anything, just turned around and started digging again. Dean stared at his back, not sure what to do now. Was hauling ass to Mexico and changing his name a possibility? Because that back was inscrutable, even as each muscle flexed as the shovel moved.
“Well, I guess we could figure out a way to swing that,” Dean said, looking like he was thinking really hard. “Gonna need a bunch of wood and some nails to make it bigger first, though.”
“Now that’s the spirit!” Dean said with a laugh. “Gonna find you something other than just peanut butter and jelly to make you happy.” He started to dig through the bags of candy excitedly, as Castiel stared at him. Was this Dean complaining about his love of the sandwich, or was it actually just to try and make him happy?
“It’s the wishbone of a turkey,” Sam explained, then looked guiltily at Mrs. Butters, not sure if he’d accidentally interrupted her. When she just nodded, he continued. “Two people pull it apart, and whoever gets the bigger piece when it breaks gets a wish granted.”
Dean moaned as the slightly premature finger stretched him in that way that pulled tightly and burned and turned him into a damn puddle of goo. The syllables that left his mouth didn't form words, but it didn't matter because the sensation of those two fingers moving and flexing made Dean forget English. When the third finger slid in, language stopped existing, as did anything that wasn't currently his prostate being stroked, oh so lightly, but enough to make him whine for more.
“Dean,” Cas was shouting at him as the minor fuzziness that had hitched a ride with the tingling finally faded. “Dean, are you all right?” Cas asked, looking seriously worried.
"Love you too, Cas," Dean responded, the final push of the evening putting them both on their sides, facing each other. "Sorry 'bout your back," he added, without thinking.
“I’m going as fast as I can, Cas,” he explained to the angel in annoyance. “Besides, I don’t see you helping any.”
“But you are, damn it!” Dean shouted, grabbing Castiel’s hands in his like it was a lifeline. “You never fucking see that, but you’re super important, Cas.” He squeezed Castiel’s hands in his. “You’re important to me, Cas.”
“Mostly, I’m just worried for when she’s tall enough to cause even more mischief,” Castiel blurted out, blushing. He’d sounded like a total idiot in front of this hunk of a man.
Dean gave him a look that Castiel couldn’t quite decipher, before pulling out a chair from the small table and sitting down. He gestured for Castiel to sit as well, and waited until he was before asking, “Most people? What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I don't want you to get hurt,” Cas admitted, starting to pace a little. Yeah, definitely not a quick fix. “It… it hurts me to see you in pain, Dean.”
“For all we know, he might actually use it,” Dean pointed out. Cas went green in the face and pushed away what was left of his slice of pizza. “Sorry for the mental scars,” Dean quickly apologized.
Castiel couldn't help the laughter that Dean's explanation had elicited. "Honestly, I can completely understand where he's coming from," Castiel agreed. "Nothing can be as annoying as a kid's mother digging them for information. Especially on that dating life part."
Cas put both his hands on Dean’s shoulders, an easy trick since he was so much taller now. “I would never call you weak, Dean, because you have never been weak. You just need… a little more assistance than usual right now,” Castiel said softly, using a tone that Dean had never heard him use before.  “I promise to keep Dean safe,” Cas called back to Sam, squeezing Dean’s shoulders in an attempt to soothe the hunter again.
"Well, I'm about to fuck you, aren't I?" Cas sassed back, hunger clouding his eyes. Dean's hand had fallen away from Cas' boxers in the scuffle for top supremacy, so the angel just grabbed both pairs of shorts and pulled them off, the shredded cloth joining the rest of the mess on the floor.
Dean started to nibble at the lobe of Cas' left ear, knowing full well that it was basically the ultimate shortcut to an extra horny angel of the lord. The keening noise Cas made when he hit just the right spot only once again proved a known fact. Then the hand that snaked down Cas' pj pants to lazily fondle at his testicles sealed the deal.
Dean just laughed, leaning into Cas as they walked down the stairs together. “We were hunting vamps, kicking major ass, then boom, all my guy parts are back in the right places.” Cas grabbed his hand and squeezed it, and they both looked at each other for a moment, smiling happily. “We figured you’d done something, or maybe it was just for a certain amount of time, but whatever it was, I don’t care, cuz I’m an anatomical dude again.”
“I never once insinuated that you were weak, Dean,” Cas responded, trying to calm down the very, rightly, agitated hunter. “I was trying to help you,” he pointed out.
After the sofa was made into a makeshift bed, it was Castiel’s turn to pull Dean in for a surprise kiss. It was quick and chaste, but damn was it still just as good. “Good night, Dean,” he said softly.
“How is that a problem?” Cas asked, his head tilted in that confused look that Dean had always had unmentioned feelings about. “I can just follow you there.”
“Do you?” Castiel asked, his face close to Dean’s now, his brain and actions doing things he didn’t even know about yesterday. Or things that he didn’t know he knew. And at Dean’s slight nod, Castiel listened to the parts of him that knew better. He leaned in closer, until his lips were barely touching Dean’s. He pressed in, reveling in the texture, the taste of apple pie filling that Dean must have been sampling as he baked. For something Castiel hadn’t known he wanted, he wasn’t sure he could live without it now, because Dean’s lips pressed back, and his arms wrapped around the angel, pulling him in closer as they wormed their way under Castiel’s trenchcoat.
The words smacked Dean in the face. “Wait, this is your fault?” He growled. Nair in the shampoo was tame compared to what he needed to do in revenge now.
“And that’d we’d never tell on them,” Dean added. “That poor kid’s parents would’ve gone apeshit at just the thought.”
“I know, Dean,” Cas answered, sounding frustrated. “I do keep moving away, but I keep finding myself right back where I began.”
When Cas and Dean's not-as-secret-as-they-thought relationship finally gets exposed, it's a good thing for the couple, and a very bad thing for Sam and his mental well being.
Cas turned around, looking Dean directly in the eye. “Is that what you want me to do with you, Dean?” He asked again, using that goddamn eyebrow trick that got to Dean every fucking time.
Dean felt Cas’ foot brush against his every so often during dinner, and Dean definitely enjoyed every moment of accidental footsie he could get. And it seemed like the eye contact was even more intense than usual, and he couldn’t help but wonder if something was up, even though he definitely wasn’t complaining.
Mrs. Butters just laughed. “Oh nonsense,” she said, before waving her hand at the table. “Fae magic did the cooking, so it can do the clean up, as well,” she teased as the mess disappeared before their eyes. “But I made sure to save this,” she added, holding up the thoroughly cleaned wishbone. “It’s a Thanksgiving tradition, after all.”
Dean chuckled at the sight of a 6’4" moose scrambling to get out of the room as fast as he could, and Cas joined him. When they were finally alone, after the sound of retreating hoof beats ended, Cas turned to look at Dean. “There was something mentioned about a kiss?”
Cas rolled his eyes again, then started digging. Dean had been right, and the angel was both digging faster than he had, and wasn’t getting obviously tired yet, either. Dean sat down in the grass to watch, wishing he had a drink and maybe a tub of popcorn right about now. Cas might actually kill him for that one, though, so he just sat silently and watched.
“Thanks,” Dean said, smiling himself now, even though he was still anxious over that damn picture. He grabbed the receipt from Cas’ other hand, and was about to head out to lick his metaphorical embarrassment wounds in peace when Cas grabbed his sleeve, pointing at the piece of paper in his hands.
“The fuck, Dean?” Cas hissed, grumpy when he woke up under normal conditions, and these were not normal conditions.
It took far longer than he was proud to admit before Dean realized what he’d just blurted out to Sam. Shit. No choice but to answer, now. “Uhh, yes?”
Which was why, on the day when Castiel started leaning in closer to Dean than he normally did, that probably actually meant something big.
He picked up one of the pieces of cloth to get a closer look, but still couldn’t figure out what it was. So he reached for the note instead. His face slowly became more horrified as he read it, and when he was finished he ran to the bathroom and scrambled into the shower, scrubbing like his life depended on it.
They stood up so that they could head to the Impala and then the theater, but Dean stopped when Cas paused. The hunter was caught completely off guard as Cas leaned in to kiss him. But he recovered quickly and kissed the angel back. Dean was very glad now that it hadn’t ever really been a secret in the first place, even if that made everything a billion times more embarrassing. He knew that he’d never hear the end of it from Sam now, but with Cas’ lips on his, his tongue tentatively making its way into Dean’s mouth, he couldn’t have cared if he tried.
“Shit,” Dean muttered under his breath when he was caught staring by the redhead, who then proceeded to whisper in Cas’ ear, who then proceeded to head in his direction, smile on his face. Dean was twenty eight. He was a grown ass adult. He was smooth, and suave, and not a high school kid anymore. So he should not be panicking about his super big crush coming over to talk to him. Suddenly, at this point he missed passing notes instead of having to face people head on.
Castiel ran his finger up Dean’s wrist, following with his other hand, farther up Dean’s arm. “I know everything about your body, from putting it together,” Castiel said softly, trailing his fingers along Dean’s arm. “At least I thought I knew everything about it, about you,” he trailed off.
"Yeah Cas, I like you," Dean rushed out, finally looking back up, the last three words said as they were eye to eye.
And okay, yeah, Dean had to readjust just about everything to accommodate his ‘new size’, which only frustrated him further, but if he couldn’t drive his Baby, well, that was just like giving up. Pushing the play button on the tape deck a fair bit harder than necessary, he cranked up the music enough to avoid any uncomfortable conversation for the rest of the drive. At a high enough volume, Metallica could even stop his brain from thinking. A little bit.
"Fuck, Dean," Cas mumbled, too wrecked to form any proper dirty talk. But Dean knew enough to know that when Cas stopped being witty, he was near blowing, which only got Dean even closer to exploding himself. Cas' dick slammed once, twice, three times into Dean's prostate and had Dean screaming his name as he came like he was dying. He could barely feel those final few thrusts before Cas was shouting right along with him. After what felt like an eternity of orgasm, they both fell, Cas landing inelegantly on top of Dean and the mess they'd just made.
Dean blushed and curled in on himself a little, as much as the chair would allow. “You can’t mean that, Cas,” he muttered, almost to himself.
"We're already together, Cas, you don't need to lay it on so thick anymore," Dean reminded him, retreating from the angel's neck to give him a playful kiss.
Emma laughed. “It’s already big enough, Daddy.” Then she let out a yawn that was far too big to be coming out of such a little body.
Instead of answering verbally, Castiel sat the pile of clean laundry on the bed and carried the box to Dean. “Please don’t tell me you were planning on using these?” Castiel begged, half serious.
Once they were outside, shoving the remaining stuff in the back of Sam’s van, Dean looked at his brother with a death glare. “Don’t you say a word,” he said, pointing at Eileen waiting in the passenger seat.
And those feelings he can’t hide from himself anymore? They’re getting bigger by the second. It’s gone way past the eye sex, as Sam loved to call it to tease him. Dean’s found himself finding any pathetic excuse to touch Cas, even if it’s just a shoulder clap or helping him fix something so that their fingers could brush against each others’. Bumping shoulders. Hugs whenever applicable. Just, anything to get close to him. That spicy scent of his, that if it were anybody else would be an expensive cologne to smell that good, but it was pretty much just Cas.
“No way,” Dean said at the same time Sam said, “Of course not.” The two glared at Cas, their hunters’ pride insulted.
Cas, wearing a pleased smile of his own now, raised one of his eyebrows at Dean. But only one. Dean made sure not to squeak at the hotness. “Are you asking me to go steady?” Cas teased.
“Right-o, boss man.” She punctured her words with a loose salute of some sort. “I’ll bring the new stud in in just a moment.” He’d lecture her about her choice of words, but she was already gone. At least she’d been professional-
“Oh, it was nothing really, just an overreaction,” Crowley admitted, leaning in closer to Dean as he spoke. It was obvious to Castiel that there’d never been anything in the first place, and to Dean as well, but they each had a different idea for why the demon was playing this game.
Dean just laughed. “God no, Cas. There’s no way I’m scratching or sniffing anything Gabe gave us, ever.”
"Well, we just got in some new band tees, if you're thinking about your next one," Dean said, talking like they were friends instead of employee and customer. After this much time, maybe they were, at least a little. Even if they only ever saw each other under these same circumstances. "And just lemme know if you need anything." He paused to smile again, and Castiel had to hold in the happy little groan of pleasure at how much he loved those stupid teeth between those sexy lips. "And even though we're super busy, I'm sure I can squeeze away for a little bit if it's to help you out," he finished, giving that wink and taking at least three years off of Castiel's lifespan. Then he chuckled, and went back over to the blonde girl folding t-shirts, his coworker, and from what Castiel could figure, his best friend. Jo, said coworker/best friend, glanced over at Castiel before ducking down to whisper at Dean. Castiel sometimes wondered if they were dating as well, but those thoughts never ended well, so he forced himself to head over to the shirts instead.
Cas stared after Sam, tilting his head. “At least we don’t have to hide our affections any more,” the angel pointed out.
“Yeah, it has been for about three months now,” Dean agreed, and for one of the only times since this started, both Crowley and Castiel were wearing the same expression of fondness at Dean’s total obliviousness.
Dean could only hear “I knew it!” shouted loudly so many times before he legitimately felt like screaming, which was why he and Cas were currently in their little ‘honeymoon’ cottage right now instead of partying with all the people that had been separated from death by them for so very long.
Castiel was in the library, reading a book from the Men of Letters’ collection that was in one of the few dead languages that Sam couldn’t translate, when he heard Dean shouting in pain from the kitchen, “Son of a bitch!” The angel rushed in, knowing full well just how many ways there were in the bunker’s industrial kitchen that could really hurt a human.
"We'll just have to do it the hard way, then," Sam decided. Dean rolled his eyes, his jacket and shirts making him look like he was swimming. "And maybe get you some clothes that fit."
It took a few moments for what Dean had said to sink into Castiel’s brain. “Wait, you’re an omega too?” Came flying out of his mouth before he had the chance to put it in slightly less awkward wording.
Dean slipped his arm under Cas' coat to hug him into his side as they walked to the doorway. Cas smiled and dropped a kiss on the top of Dean's head, amused by the slightly taller man crouching just enough to pull the position off. They switched to hand holding as they went back up the stairs, and were sharing adorable kisses by the time the door closed behind them.
“My dad wasn’t actually homophobic or anything, but straight was always the default, especially back then. I was curious, but I never actually explored anything, you know?” Dean shrugged his shoulders, not sure how else to explain that part.
Over the next hour, the two taste tested all the different candies that Dean had bought, the hunter joining in on the eating after Castiel had tried a few more by himself. The angel tended more towards the savory-ish ones, like the Snickers, or the Butterfinger that was still his favorite, but some of the fruity flavored candies were good, too, like those Laffy Taffys that had the horrible jokes on the wrapper that Dean insisted on reading out loud and laughing over. There were a few things Castiel actually hated, like those Skittles that didn’t taste like much of anything, but overall it was a resounding success for Dean.
Castiel wandered over to said pile and said fiance, and looked closely at the box. Then he started reading the label out loud. “Scratch and sniff…” He trailed off, squinting at the print to make sure he was actually seeing the words he thought he saw.
Dean was leaning back against the arm of the couch, hands over his stomach and dozens of empty wrappers surrounding his feet, as he let out an unhappy sounding groan. Castiel stopped unwrapping his latest Payday bar to see what the matter was.
"Bitch," he grumbled under his breath, holding onto his pants as the discarded electrical wire he'd used as a makeshift belt started to slip. Sam just smiled as Dean headed to his room in hopes of finding something a little less likely to fall down at any second. He was pretty sure that most stores frowned on that, female or otherwise. Especially since his boxers would most likely join his pants on the floor at the same time.
“I was really shy back then,” Cas explained. “And the only time you were alone was in the library, and I didn’t want to interrupt your reading.”
“Seriously?” Dean asked, feeling all of thirteen by now. Fighting monsters that shouldn’t exist in the first place was one thing, but how did this become his life? Teasing Cas leading to possibly getting his brains fucked out by the angel? What the hell?
"A chick, I know," Dean completed for him. He (she?) sighed, before heading over to the command table and flopping down in a chair, pushing the hair out of his (her?) face yet again.
Cas pulled away, his fingers inside pausing in their most important work. "I thought you wanted to fuck me senseless?" He asked with an evil grin on his face.
Castiel couldn't help but laugh right along with him. This was the closest he'd ever been to Dean, and he wanted it to last as long as possible. Or at least until he did something more embarrassing. Whichever came first.
"That's a lot of dates," Castiel said, not sure if Dean was teasing or not. He really hoped that Dean wasn't.
After that, there was very little talking from the four hunters/angels/nephilim, because pausing to talk would take away precious seconds from eating the best food they had all ever tasted. When all was said and done, and Dean was impressed that Cas had matched him pie slice for pie slice (thankfully there had been more than one pie, since that first one had gone to just the two of them), Sam automatically stood up, reaching out to grab one of the dirty serving trays to take to the kitchen.
Cas glanced over nervously at Dean, who was so obviously distraught over the whole matter that you could almost see the waves of uncertainty and worry coming off him. He knew that right now, there was nothing to be done to fix all this, but he hoped that a little bit of compassion might help. He gave Sam a quick glance as he stood up, almost asking if he thought it’d be a good idea. At the very slight nod from the younger Winchester, he walked over to the older Winchester for consoling, or at least an attempt at it.
Sam looked up at the Dean part of the pile, looking both guilty and pleased at the same time. “I’m sorry, Dean,” he replied, though didn’t sound anywhere near as sincere as he had earlier.
“Well, hers were also shaved,” Cas replied, unsure as to whether he did something good or something bad.
“My brother,” Castiel replied, not having to explain any further, since both of his other older brothers, Michael and Lucifer (despite his name), weren’t troublemakers in the way Gabe was. Assholes, sure, but totally uninterested when it came to pranks.
Dean’s face twisted in shock, and Castiel maybe loved him a little bit more for his utter naivety. “But…” Dean finally managed, though he only got that far.
Cas chuckled at his joke, which made Dean smile even more. Too bad Cas was obviously in a relationship. And possibly straight. Damn it.
“Maybe?” Dean squeaked. Literally squeaked. He never should’ve got out of bed today. He should’ve freaking known better. But no, he had to go and stupid all over himself.
Dean was wiping some dirt off his brow when he saw Cas’ trench coat hit the ground next to him, followed quickly by the suit jacket the angel always wore. Dean looked over and gave the angel a curious look. “I’d rather not get them dirty,” Cas said, as if it were beyond obvious.
“Some of them do, but this one’s not like that.” Sam scanned the list of clues before stopping on one. “Like this one you’d definitely know. ‘Famous mobster family in the
The angel, all but praying to his Father that he was guessing right, that what Dean was feeling, what Castiel himself was feeling…
“Yeah, we should definitely catch up for lost time. Wanna hit up some food after this? Cuz trust me, those appetizers are not at all appetizing,” Dean joked, even though he was speaking the truth. He’d tried one of the little paste on a cracker things, and had to wash the taste out of his mouth after with three cups of weak punch.
Cas smiled sadly, looking for all the world like he was expecting nothing less than absolute rejection. “No, Dean,” he said softly. “Like… like a lover would.”
Even without working there, he spotted the eight new shirts almost immediately. One of them, the AC/DC one, Dean had been wearing underneath his flannel shirt today, and Castiel couldn't help but wonder if buying one for himself would make him cross the line from cute stalking to total creeper. Yeah, maybe not then. At least today. But it was only because he actually liked the shirt as well, even if it wasn't on Dean. Ugh…
“Sorry about that,” Castiel muttered, wiping his face to wake himself up a little more. Maybe a late night of karaoke wasn’t the best of ideas after an early morning and long day with a teething toddler.
Castiel winced when he finally stood in front of the storefront. The place was basically dead. At least if it'd been busy, he could've blended in with the crowd and fawned from afar. Now, pretty much all attention would be on him. Crap. He was about to run and hide in the Game Stop where his friend Charlie worked until later when the mall was busier, when Dean noticed him from behind the counter. Double plus crap.
They were only a few inches apart now, and that triggered Dean’s blush to come all the way up his face; Castiel couldn’t help but smile at it. Dean started to open his mouth to say something, most likely another deflection, but Castiel put his fingers over Dean’s lips to stop him. “No,” he said, softly commanding. “You will accept the praise because you deserve it.” Dean’s sharp intake of breath and heated gaze at those words didn’t make sense to the angel at first, but when they did, he leaned down closer to Dean. “Thank you,” he whispered as he removed his finger and replaced it with his lips.
Concern instead of apologies met Dean’s shouting. “Did one of them get you?” His eyes immediately searched every inch of Dean’s visible flesh, trying to find blood or any other type of injury.
“I know you’re maybe not comfortable talking about these kinds of things, but your brother is right. We’ve been flirting with each other so much, that to him it must be very annoying.” Cas paused to give Dean that special smile again, and the hunter’s heart may have skipped a beat or two, he wasn’t sure. “If it’s not too forward of me, I would like to ask you out so that we no longer have to skate around the issue.”
Dean froze again, for a completely different reason this time. “Uhh…” Was the best he could think to say.
Castiel tilted his head to the side, confused at Dean’s actions. They seemed too much, almost, too personal, for something like this. “Why?” he asked, “why am I important? I don’t even have my angelic powers any more.” Castiel paused as the truth fully blindsided him. “I’m not even useful to you now, so why am I so important?”
"Pretty close, though, Sampunzel," Dean insulted Sam, feeling angry at this whole situation, and the world in general right about now.
Dean wiped a few tears out of his own eyes. “But for what it’s worth,” he joked, trying to lighten the mood because damn did it need, “until then, I do still love you.”
“Yeah, but why?” Dean asked, pulling over an old but solid looking dining chair to sit on, since this didn’t sound like a quick fix kind of conversation. “Like you said, I can take care of myself, so why do you wanna protect me so badly?”
“You mentioned a motel room?” Cas asked, even though he damn well knew the answer since he’d been reading the text over his shoulder as he wrote it. But Dean just nodded like the idiot he was and speed walked to where he’d parked Baby, harder than he’d ever been in his life. The angel followed at his leisure, and that somehow made Dean want him even more. He was so very fucked.
“Story of my life, Cas,” Dean responded. “Everybody was pretty surprised when I presented, most of all me.” Dean handed Castiel a napkin before he’d even noticed that Claire was being a bit messier than usual with her mostly-demolished cone.
Castiel let out a nervous laugh. "Yeah, definitely," he choked out. "Gotta get me those discounts." The fact that he wasn't already halfway to an asthma attack proved that his anxiety didn't hate him too much. Yet.
Castiel made sure to run his hands along every piece of skin Dean revealed, and only stood back when the hunter slid down his pants. The panties were cut skimpily, with more red threading, and a second red bow in the front. Dean’s erection was straining against the fabric so hard it looked like it would break any moment. And then, as if the universe knew exactly what Castiel was thinking, the last slip of lace that had been holding it in moved, and Dean’s erection bounced out from its prison, pre-cum already beading on its head. The wet spot that had been spreading on Castiel’s boxer short from his own needy head, gained momentum as just seeing that trapped penis had increased Castiel’s desire tenfold, at least.
“Dean, I…” Castiel started to say, though he didn’t know how to finish, or even really start that sentence. But from the expectant, almost hopeful expression on Dean’s face, the angel knew he had to reply somehow. “I… yes, I mean… me too…” Before he could blink, Dean’s mouth was on his, and Castiel knew what to do in return now. He pulled Dean in closer and deepened their kiss.
“Dean!” Sam shouted when the bunker door opened and he saw his male brother was back to being male again. “What happened? How’d you break it?”
“I have a white pair with a bunch of little pink bows,” Dean teased, but it only made Castiel want to see them even more.
“I hope the time when my Claire gets that big never comes,” Castiel said, trying to hide that he’d been staring when the guy randomly turned in his direction.
Dean laughed in response, not just a chuckle but a full blown laugh. “Cas,” he breathed out, still giggling as he tried to speak. “I have, like, at least twenty more things for you to try, so don’t go picking favorites just yet.”
“I wasn’t trying to protect you because you’re a girl, Dean,” Cas replied, starting to get agitated himself.
“Umm, yes?” Castiel answered, after a moment of confused hesitation. He wasn’t sure how that spell was connected to the candy to be passed out to children that was currently sitting in his lap, but after knowing Dean for this long he knew to not bother asking questions, because the hunter would probably just make it even more confusing.
Dean went back to looking away, this time off into the distance, rubbing at his neck in a nervous gesture that Castiel had only seen a few times before. "Because if you ask out a customer on the clock, or even seriously flirt with them, you get canned faster than you can blink, and I really need this job." He turned back to Castiel finally. "And I never managed to catch you after I'd clocked out. I was kinda hoping you'd catch on by me winking at you all the time…"
Dean glared at Sam as the non-attached part of Team Free Will gathered a few ingredients and what looked like a tiny statue. “You seriously cast a spell on me so I’d hafta admit that I liked Cas?” He asked, getting more upset by the second. “A spell you didn’t even know about how it worked? What the fuck, Sammy?”
“It’s a harvest festival that was started a couple hundred years ago,” Jack explained, “based on an incorrectly retold historical event, and it involves a lot of food, with pumpkin pie for dessert.” He glanced at Sam as if to make sure he’d gotten everything correct, and he beamed when Sam smiled and nodded.
A few minutes later, as Cas was starting to slip into a nice, deep doze, he was startled awake when Dean shot up into a sitting position like there was an emergency. Cas was about to start panicking when Dean shouted, “That’s it!”
Castiel reached a hand to his shirt, ripping it away with one small flick of his wrist, and did the same with his pants, the torn pieces of fabric falling around his feet and leaving him in his white boxers. He smirked at the stunned looking hunter. “Is this better?” He asked teasingly.
Castiel actually let out a little 'eep' at Dean's wording, causing the model to laugh. "Now I really can't wait, Cas." Dean opened the door, and actually blew him a kiss before leaving.
“Naw,” Dean said, a mild blush seeping up his neck into his cheeks, something that the angel had always thought softened him and made him look more cute than handsome. “I got to pig out too, so it was also pretty selfish on my end.”
Dean paused for just a moment, before thrusting even harder than before, bringing them both together, so close. Just as Castiel felt he was about to burst, Dean arched himself up, shouting as he came, “Love you so fucking much, Cas!” The confession was more than Castiel had ever imagined, and he felt himself fall apart in Dean’s lap as the orgasm racked through his body, the connection between his grace and Dean’s soul shivering in a sort of completion, almost.
“Safe, I would assume,” Castiel told him. “And happy that Sam was, as well.” He’d been expecting an emotional reaction from the hunter, since he’d been all but officially included in the extended Winchester clan by now, but he could never have prepared himself from the heartbreak that visibly filled Dean.
“This one,” Dean said, nodding in the direction of the little blonde girl who looked as if she’d washed her face in hot fudge, “came along, and things were a little better, but by the time that second test said positive, he had the nasty habit of hanging out at the bar every night. One screaming fight too many, and I up and left him. I wasn’t going to give him the chance to get to the violent-drunk stage, like my dad did after my mom died. My brother helped set me up in a nice place, little Ben here was born safely, though with a father that didn’t want anything to do with him, but I figure I came out pretty damn good at the end, so.” He finished his epic story with a shrug.
Dean just ignored the threat of death, or at least sleeping on the couch for a while, in Cas’ voice. Instead, he looked excitedly over at him. “I figured it out,” he boasted.
Sam’s giggles got slightly louder, though he still hadn’t turned around to actually watch the insanity that was
“Manners!” Mrs. Butters scolded, and Cas immediately swallowed his food to apologize. “That’s more like it.”
“I hate it whenever we have to come here anymore,” Castiel grumbled at Dean’s side. The demons posted outside the entrance to Hell parted, just like they always did. They all knew by now that the older Winchester was to be allowed in any time he wanted, unless otherwise specified, and they also knew that the younger one and the angel were to be let in too, if accompanying Dean.
Dean laughed. "You do move fast," he teased, which made Castiel roll his eyes at him. "Maybe a movie later? Dinner tomorrow? And something this weekend?"
A big portion of the pizzas were consumed and a random sci-fi movie was in progress on the television when the topic of boxer briefs was brought up again.
“Yes, I understand that, Dean, but why is it important? And what does it have to do with all this children’s candy?” Castiel held up the bag in his lap questioningly.
“I mean, you’re an angel, you know? So, like, right from the get go, you were off limits somehow, even if I’d understood any of this stuff back then.” Dean wiped the bit of moisture from his eye with his sleeve, hopefully the last one, but probably not. This body was definitely putting his emotions out there for the whole world to see, and that was just another reason it annoyed him. But right now, maybe it was exactly what he needed. If they weren’t being bundled up inside, maybe he could understand them finally.
“Then grab the salt and lighter,” Cas said, as casual as can be, before Dean heard the thunk of the shovel hitting the coffin lid.
"I was one of the middle kids, too, so yeah." Castiel shrugged, even though Dean most likely couldn't see it.
The angel ran his fingers along the length of Dean’s shaft, loving every tiny little unintelligible sound that came out of Dean’s mouth as he did it. Then he reached up and grabbed Dean’s chin, pulling him in for another kiss. When the two erections met, though, Cas pulled away just enough to let out a strangled moan. Dean pushed forward, rubbing against Castiel and making him swear in Enochian.
“Fucking hell, Cas, that was…” But whatever Dean had been about to say was cut off by Castiel kissing him. But these weren’t the desperate, fiery kisses from earlier. They were more languid, slower, gentler. Dean kissed back just as sweetly, and Castiel was certain that this was almost as good as the sex and the incredible orgasm had been. Almost.
“Cas, what the hell is this?” Dean asked incredulously, his voice coming from somewhere in the depths of the unwrapped pile of engagement party presents. Their friends and families had almost been too generous, but neither of them were complaining. Until this, at least.
Dean’s face burned bright red. “Shit, I wasn't expecting that to… I’m sorry Cas, I didn’t mean to… I mean, I wouldn’t want…” He sputtered uselessly.
“That’s nice of him.” Castiel smiled to himself this time. He wished any of his siblings were that nice. Or nice at all. He rolled his eyes at the thought.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas greeted, his gravelly voice deeper and sexier than ten years ago. Maybe it was a good thing he didn’t bring Jo; she’d be teasing him for the next century for how he was acting right now.
Dean snuggled back, blissful for the moment. "You don't hafta like 'em just cuz I do," Dean told the angel before nuzzling into his neck. "And Harrison Ford is sexy no matter what you think," he said, voice muffled by Cas' shoulder.
“I can’t see what you’re holding, Dean,” Castiel replied, finally starting to get the hang of sarcasm after having dated Dean for over three years.
“Dean?” Castiel automatically reached for the burn already flaming on Dean’s skin, grace at the ready. “What happened?”
“What out?” Cas grumbled. He decided that Dean’s next words would determine whether Cas would actually physically kick him out of bed or not.
"No way, your ass is mine to destroy tonight," Dean growled, trying to grab the bottle from Cas. He couldn't reach it, so he struggled himself into a sitting position on the angel's thighs. "Gimme," he said, motioning for the bottle.
Cas took the momentary slip up to assert his own dominance on top of the hunter. "And I love fucking you senseless too, but I have the bottle." Without waiting for a response, Cas lubed his fingers up.
Dean had started things, with a quick grab of Cas' closest ass cheek through his pj pants. The grab led into a bit of light kneading, and the Netflix portion of the evening had definitely concluded. Cas reached a hand to pull Dean's face close for a kiss, and it only stayed pg-rated for about four seconds, then quickly went pg-13, R, NC-17, and ended somewhere around desperate frottage on what amounted to the family couch.
Dean immediately backpedaled, his hand going straight to Cas’ face. “I wasn’t expecting you to act like a girl,” he explained, stroking the angel’s face lightly. “I am completely okay with you not being a girl.”
Cas, on the other hand, wasn’t confused at all. Carrying his own steaming mug of coffee, the angel answered as he walked into the map room right as Sam was reading the clue. “‘Honey,’” he said, as if it were beyond obvious.
“God, Cas,” Dean mumbled, pulling away from the angel’s lips to get a better grip on the shirt that was tucked into black slacks. “So fucking hot, but damn it, do you have to wear so much damn clothing?” He grumbled, only just now managing to pull the shirt out.
“Maybe Crowley’s just being a drama king,” Castiel muttered under his breath, but he followed Dean anyway.
"Well, I'm off after those last few models, if you want to grab drinks or dinner or something?" Castiel suggested.
Castiel smiled before answering. “I’d love it to be.” He might’ve said more, but Dean excitedly pulled him into a kiss, and Castiel wouldn’t have interrupted that for any words. The first kiss led to another, then, even more, and by the time the two arrived back at Dean’s place, even Sam could tell exactly what they’d been up to.
Once the two were back in the Impala, Dean gave Castiel the most pleading look ever. “I didn’t even realize it,” he said to the angel. “I am so sorry, but I swear, I thought you were just being paranoid, it being your first romantic relationship and all. I’m so sorry, please forgive me?”
“Then show me,” Dean replied, and the only reason the beers weren’t spilled all over the bed and their tossed off clothing was Heaven magic. And forever would never be enough, not by a long shot.
The angel had been right; even though Cas wasn’t taking a single step, or flying, or anything even remotely normal for people like them, he was still sliding slowly closer. “What the fuck?”
“Thanks,” Dean said, only mildly sarcastic. “But I demand at least two full time bodyguards at the wedding, and a ban on her drinking anything with a higher proof than water.”
With such beautiful music in his ears, Dean finally made it to the end of the line, his nose now nestled in the hair at the base of Cas' dick. And this, this was when he inhaled all the air from his cheeks, causing a perfect suction that always made Cas gasp.
“I think I can live with that,” Cas said, pushing himself against the proof of Dean’s rapidly growing interest.
“I can't go any further away,” Cas said, struggling anyway despite his words. His hip was pressed against Dean’s, and their arms were already tangled together.
“Don’t you get it, man? You can eat all the candy you want now,” Dean exclaimed, giving Castiel his own confused look as to why he wasn’t currently jumping for joy or something along those lines.
“I still dislike interacting with him lately, queen or not,” Castiel added, but then was quiet. Ever since the two had started dating officially, the King of Hell had been acting like a jealous child whenever the three of them were in the same room. Dean never seemed to notice it, and thought Castiel was just being overprotective whenever the angel mentioned it, but that didn’t make it any less true. Crowley was obviously pissed off that Castiel had got to Dean first.
“No worries, they told them to me, too.” Dean smiled reassuringly at him, and it made Castiel’s heart thump uncomfortably in his chest. As if it wasn’t unfair enough that this Adonis existed at all, but now he had to be nice, too. Models were always so conceited and greedy that finding one that was pleasant was like finding a damn unicorn, so added to Dean’s looks…
Finally bothering to check out his neighbors, Dean noticed one other guy who was there by himself, judging by the fact that he only had the one chair. He was across and one down from his own booth, and he was selling stuff that looked knitted or crocheted. The dark blue sweater actually looked really comfy, but bathroom break was the only thing that mattered at the moment. Keeping his fingers crossed that the guy was nice enough to be willing to watch his stuff while he was gone, he walked over.
Sam and Cas didn’t even glance up when Dean returned, but that was probably a good thing, since the more boring book research the better right now. He booted the computer up, and opened the browser quickly, trying to not see or even think about the picture of the large chested woman wearing a skimpy bikini he used as a wallpaper. He didn’t want to think about Busty Asian Beauties right now, or possibly ever again. And he really, really, really didn’t want to think about the fact that he was pretty sure that, right now, his chest was bigger than hers.
“Then why were they in your sock drawer?” Castiel asked, looking at the box as if it’d insulted his ancestors.
“Nope.” He peeled back the edge of his red flannel to reveal Castiel’s place below it. “He actually crawled here, I guess to get away from the wind.”
Speaking with another bite of the sandwich in his mouth, Dean said, "I don't know. Like you said, we need to find Jack and mom first though."
Like everything he said last night, those words were like a healing balm for the pain Dean had caused. Piece by piece, he was being put back together by the only man he wanted. It occurred to him that with wanting Dean so badly, it made any support he gave a little one-sided. “I do think you need to tell someone else. Someone who isn’t me and maybe less biased about what you should do.”
The morning he talked about his parents seemed really hard for Dean. Castiel learned that he’d lost both his parents at the same time in a car accident a couple years ago. For a long time, he didn’t let himself grieve, feeling he needed to be strong for Sam. Unable to keep such feelings bottled up, he’d eventually punched the mirror and ended up needing stitches. That was the point when he had finally started to deal with his own feelings. He showed the butterfly the tiny scars on his hand from his assault on the glass.
He realized introducing his uncle and Dean had obviously been a mistake, but he would never have suspected that they would hook up. Dean said he’d only wanted him, but Castiel realized now what a lie that had been.
Slowly, Dean moved closer. He reached a hand out, gently letting the back of his fingers ghost over the taut skin of Castiel’s stomach, so smooth. Leaning over the edge of the bed, he began to mouth at the bare skin there.
Breathing again, he said, “Mostly. Think you should kiss it and make it better.” His smartass smile got him slapped on the shoulder, but Cas moved down all the same.
Even short of breath, Dean managed a happy sigh when he felt the warmth filling him up inside. He was Castiel’s again and he’d never be anyone else’s. “Yours, baby,” he reminded him.
If Castiel was floating before, he was soaring now. Dean had just chosen him. He kissed him back with fervor in appreciation of that choice. The song came to an end and they slowly eased back their kissing until they were just staring at each other, breaths a bit labored. It felt like an eternity of their eyes locked on one another, but was probably only seconds.
Feeling pleased with himself for pushing his boyfriend so close to the edge, Dean smiled. “Maybe I can distract you.” He carefully leaned forward so he could kiss Castiel.
Charlie immediately grabbed him up in a hug, careful to keep her egg roll off of him. “Oh my god! So, you guys are back together!”
Lisa saying his name didn’t stop his pacing. He’d already told her he couldn’t deal with their relationship right now.
As usual, Dean went to his room for Cas. When he opened the door to his room with a smile, he didn't have the usual greeting. Instead, the kitten went dashing past his legs. "Cas, wait up!" He ran after the cat who quickly found his way to Jack.
“I know,” she said, sliding the pan with the custard dishes into the oven. “I talked to Eileen today. She said to remind you to put together the bookcases. I thought that you did that a week ago. Want me to come up and help?”
He pushed through the doors to the outside and headed for his car. He couldn’t understand what was happening. He’d been so happy at the start of the day.
Sam spun to see Castiel standing at the entrance to the hallway. Looking back to Dean, he gestured to Cas. “Seriously? After everything, you thought having him here would be a good idea? It doesn’t matter if things are different now. What am I supposed to tell Jody, Dean? If she finds out about you two and realizes I knew about it and didn’t say anything, she’ll make sure we both get tossed out.”
After talking to a few other people, Dean saw a familiar face at the far edge of the parking lot, near the police barricade. “Look! There’s Emily!” Dean left the other three behind to go running over to where he saw the girl talking to an officer. “Emily!”
“I need you, too.” Cas sniffled as he dealt with his own happy tears. “I know you don’t care, but I do. I’m gonna make sure this time is different. I’m going to take care of you.” When Dean lifted his head to look up, Castiel didn’t ask permission. He pressed his lips to Dean’s, desperate to know the taste of him again.
A man hurried into one of the smaller stalls, whispering, “Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god.” Within seconds of the smaller stall latching, horrid sounds and a disgusting smell filled the small bathroom.
It wasn’t a large building, only four stories, and the bottom floor had a completely open style floor plan with games spread about. There was a pool table, ping pong table, a few arcade games, and others. A small kitchen with tables and chairs was visible in a room off to the side. This whole level was apparently used for relaxing and break time. Dean ignored all that and, not wanting to be seen waiting for the elevators, he quickly headed for the stairwell.
Benny raised a brow. “And you think him meeting us could screw it up? We’re rough around the edges, Dean, but we ain’t that bad.”
Sam took them around and they got to meet a whole slew of people that had either worked with Sam and Dean before or were just family friends. By the pool, they met a pretty redhead named Charlie. Emily had gotten the name from Sam so she would know who she was when introduced. This was the girl who was wanting to meet other single women. Thankfully, she was just as talkative as Emily and the two ended up in a conversation as Sam introduced Castiel to Eileen before going to greet another guest.
“Yeah. We haven’t really hung out in a while. We should do that again sometime.” To Dean, she said, “I left the paper with the symptom info on the fridge and I wrote down my number just in case you need it for anything. If he wants something, don’t leave. Just let me know. I don’t live far.”
Curious, he let go of his pillow to roll back and grab his phone from the nightstand. The app had sent him an “ad” for a random pet food. He scrolled to the page the app was on and saw a little number two next to it. Signing in actually started to cause him a bit of anxiety as he remembered the last time he woke up to two text messages from Dean.
“Don’t get used to it. I’m not usually this active this early.” Dean started to head back out to cook the food, but the papers in the trashcan caught his eye. “Change your mind about moving?” he asked, gesturing to the trash can.
since we’ll be in the car, but I…” Dean was cut off by Castiel pouncing him with a kiss, knocking him back on the bed.
Dean Winchester had many positive qualities. The ability to keep his dick in his pants was not one of them. For most people, being a slut wouldn’t necessarily cause issues if they were single, which Dean was. However, his choice of profession allowed him far too much fresh meat.
Taking all that in, Dean nodded in understanding. “Yeah, that makes sense. Those aren’t her only objections though. I’m not sure if some of her other ones are valid though.” He quickly explained what happened between his mom and Cole.
Seeing him dragging Dean off, Ollie just laughed before he checked the next ID. “Yes, I guess it will be,” he said to himself.
An ivy-covered archway signaled the entrance to the gardens. Dean walked in and began strolling down one of the gravel paths. Plants of all types were planted on both sides of the path. The greens were bright and the flowers vivid in their colors. It was truly a beautiful place. Just like Dean had said, other butterflies were there, flitting between the flowers.
After he had his breakfast, Dean changed and stuffed some gym clothes in a duffel bag. “Alright, butterfly,” he said, scooping it into his hand and letting it crawl onto the front of his shirt. “Let’s go.”
Castiel roughly pulled Dean back against his chest. “Just trying it out. Walk to the table and bend over.”
This time, it was something Dean didn't mind. He let his hand lazily run down Cas's bare back, a mimic of the petting he had done so many nights before. That purring sound filled his ears and he could feel the vibration against him. With the soothing sound, he began to drift off. His last conscious thought was to lovingly whisper, "Goodnight, kitten."
Dean walked forward and sat at the end of the bed. “I’m sorry. I’m a jackass, Lisa. I did things because I thought I should, because it’s the life everyone wanted for me. With constantly being told that I should settle down, like it was the ultimate goal that everyone looked to achieve, I thought it was as good as life got. I was serious when I said I care about you. I do and I hate that I’m hurting you like this. I can’t pretend anymore though. I didn’t expect to feel what I did when I met Cas. I didn’t even know that kind of intensity existed, but now that I felt it, I can’t go on without it.” He braced himself for the hard words. “Lisa, I want a divorce.”
Castiel was feeling pretty good about how that had just went. Whatever it was that he and Dean were doing was not normal, but he was willing to see it out. He was either going to end up with a good friend, a fuck buddy, or one awesome night. Any of those options sounded acceptable.
Dean never really considered himself to be exceptionally large, though he had never disappointed, but considering Castiel’s experience being limited to high school guys, he figured it was probably looking pretty amazing. He liked what Castiel had to say, but words and actions didn’t always line up. “If you’re serious, I’d like us to get tested this week. Then we won’t need them at all, if you’re okay with that.”
“Damn, Cas. You’re gonna kill me if you keep talking like that.” He found that Castiel hadn’t lied. His one finger slid in pretty easily and the second one was quickly added. It was enough for Dean to know that Cas would be able to take him. He’d have to ask about the size of the toy at some point. Dean knew it would be pointless to ask if Cas was sure about this. He’d never sounded so sure of anything. After slicking himself up, he took his cock in one hand and guided it until he was pressing into Cas’s warm hole.
He hadn’t been thinking that at all, but he was now. Benny’s tempting voice was like honey, deliciously sweet, and it was painting pictures his mind didn’t need to think about. It suddenly seemed to be getting uncomfortably warm in the diner.
Dean laughed. “I’m here to take care of all your appetites. Come on. You start the water and I’ll get a different blanket on the bed.”
“I can tell you from what I have seen, Dean is experienced enough to handle doing this on his own. One of my people that he worked with even said that he was surprised by Dean’s level of talent. His decision is one of the reasons I decided to stop mentoring him since he won’t be joining my company.” He saw John’s eyebrows raise, but continued before anything could be said. “I am always available to offer consulting for the creation and running of his business. That will be the biggest learning hurdle, but I am confident that Dean will pick that up easily as he has everything else and will be able to work independently.”
It didn’t matter. Dean knew he would hold it against himself. This was going to be harder than he thought.
He was so busy cooking and complimenting himself on his own work that he didn’t hear the key in the door. Suddenly, Sam appeared in his kitchen.
As soon as he came through the door, Dean tossed him a pair of jeans and boxers and then looked for a shirt. He turned around with a black Led Zeppelin shirt for him.
Castiel shook his head as he put the wallet back into the pocket Gabriel had pulled it from. “No. I need to find Dean. I know he goes to school here.”
“Good to know,” he grinned. “Hey, whenever you go to put up your flyers, can I come with you? I’ll grab some info about courses.”
“Can’t keep him hidden forever, Dean.” She leaned back to survey her work. “Yep. Perfect! Take a look.” She moved out of the way so Dean could see his reflection.
“Really? Asshole didn’t even say goodbye.” Dean wadded up the burrito wrapper and tossed it in the take out bag, grabbing another.
Cas smiled and cocked his head. “You know that I would rather stay here with you and fuck our way through that pack of condoms I have. I just thought it would make sense. I thought we needed to make sure neither of us are acting too out of the ordinary.”
Castiel’s heart had regained its ability to work and now felt like it was going to beat out of his chest. The pain of his poor decisions was standing in front of him and he didn’t understand what was happening. “Why? You said you never wanted to see me again.”
Rather than speak, Castiel leaned forward the few inches to lightly press his lips to Dean’s. The kiss was tender, a direct contradiction to the force with which he’d been yanked forward.
“Charlie, if things are over...I’m gonna be right back where I was during Spring Break. I don’t want to be like that again.”
There were jobs around teaching. Tutoring was a possibility. He also knew some of his university students paid people to proofread and edit their work. He could put up a flyer at the university offering to do that. Between that and maybe getting on Craigslist to do various odd and ends that people needed, it was possible he could financially survive. Moving from his comfy one-bedroom apartment to a cheaper studio would help, as well.
Castiel was quick to open Dean up. He liked that it didn’t take an excessive amount of time like it had been with some other guys, like Alfie. Working so slowly just to be able to fuck that little twink’s ass had tried his patience, but he’d been useful to fuck his frustrations out with while trying to get Dean. Thankfully, Dean enjoyed rushing through, as well, already begging for Castiel to fuck him.
“Alright. Up on the bed. I’ll help you.” After pulling out, he attempted to help a rather useless Dean, finally managing to get him laying up on the bed on his back. Keeping an eye on Dean, the doctor quickly tossed the condom in the trash and cleaned himself up with the wipes that were on the counter. Once he was done, he took the wipes over to the bed and began to clean up Dean.
The kiss was slow and soft, a sharp contrast to their earlier activities. Castiel was finding it very easy to get used to these sweet thank you kisses that Dean seemed so fond of. Languidly letting their tongues come together, ending with a few short kisses.
Sitting his pen down and leaning back, he said, “It’s really not. You think you would know that after getting kicked out of
“I think you’re supposed to say it as often as you want. I don’t know. Try it and I’ll tell you,” he smiled.
It was unusual to end up in Crowley’s office for anything, so Dean doubted this was a social call. “Nothing’s going on. What’s this about?”
Castiel pulled his lips away, letting his forehead rest against Dean’s. His whole body shuddered as if he were holding himself back, demons of arousal rattling their cage to be let loose. “We can’t do this.”
Dean felt lightheaded at the admission. Cas wanted to be back with him. The next word had his hopes crashing back down again.
His eyes, normally soft and playful, had a hard glint to them even though he was still smirking. Dean leaned back, removing his hands from the desk and holding them up in surrender. “Of course. I shouldn’t have assumed. It was just something that happened in the moment. Easy to forget, right?”
“Do you think I won’t? We can still have other fun first.” Giving in a bit, Castiel lowered Dean’s boxers enough to free his hard cock and took it in his hand, stroking softly, remembering the feel. Like everything else about Dean, Cas considered it perfect. He was excited to show the full extent of his skills now that he wasn’t hindered by the confines of a backseat. To start though, he treated Dean like his own personal lollipop. Long licks up and back down the length, savoring the drip of precum that pooled at the tip. He wanted to learn every line, memorize it. When he finally took the head in his mouth, Dean’s sigh of appreciation had him eager to continue to please.
Dean shrugged. “Girls usually like nice places for dates.” He took a bite of his burger and then looked to Castiel to see him trying to suppress a laugh.
When he got to the bowling alley, Benny was already there, racking up the balls. “Hey, Benny.” The two shook hands and Dean tried not to think too much about how tight Benny’s red t-shirt was. Nipples could be seen pressing against the fabric and it wasn’t even that cold inside.
Once he had that first finger in, Dean felt better. For him, that was the hard part. Stretching himself was difficult sure, but getting that first finger in, actually committing to what he was about to do was what he always struggled with. Knowing he was doing it for Cas had definitely helped the situation. He gently began to move the finger further in before pulling back slightly and repeating the process. “Is this good, Cas?”
“No, no.” Castiel jumped up and quickly pushed Dean’s clothes out of his reach. “It was your idea to start taking off your clothes, so you can finish just like you are.”
It was on the tip of Dean’s tongue to say that Cas was still young, but considering he was feeling similarly, he let it go. “I think I could say the same thing about you.” Cas pulled him up and they shared a kiss, the taste of cum only enhancing the intimacy of it.
Dean hurried back to his mirror to see that he did look a little pale and clammy. He grabbed the towel from his shower and wiped his face. It was only a mild improvement. Dean sat down at his desk chair with a sigh and tried to calm his nerves.
Dean was at the door to the office, but jerked back around when he heard the other man use the name only he was allowed to say.
Logically, he knew what was right, but he realized that he did still have that fear, that Dean would leave him. It was irrational considering he left his wife and was now staying with him, but it was still there.
After the graduation, Dean and Cas headed for the graduation gift he’d received at dinner the night before - his beloved Impala. Sitting in the driver’s seat, he lovingly stroked the steering wheel.
“I had mentioned it before and while I didn’t come right out and say it, I hinted really strongly at it. There, we play pool, have some of those Blue Bombers.”
“Me, too.” He hesitated a moment, before giving in and asking what he had no right to. He couldn’t even get the whole question out. Glancing back at the club entrance, he asked, “Are you…?”
“No, you don’t. You love me.” The words were out before he could even stop them. It was just supposed to be a quip, but he knew it would seem far more significant. Backpedaling wouldn’t be any better so Castiel just cringed and waited for a reply. For a few long moments, all he could hear was Dean’s breathing as he calmed down. He was just about to say he was kidding when Dean’s voice came through.
“What happens back here, stays back here. Enjoy the burger.” He went lumbering back to take up his spot behind the bar.
The taboo in itself was hot and Cas had to bite his own fist to try to keep from making sounds. When the guy finally finished up and was washing his hands, he let a few soft breaths out, hoping the sound of the water in front of the man would mask the sound.
“He said he’d been thinking about me, wanting to get in contact with me. He said we were different people now and that we should talk, possibly get back together because we still cared about each other and have a chance to do things right.” Cas sighed wearily as the emotional gamut of the day weighed more heavily upon him.
The doctor cocked his head. “No. I’m single. And gay. This is my place of work so I don’t want to get in trouble for messing around with a patient. Who told you I had a wife?”
Happy with the possibility, he got started on the homework he had yet to do. He’d just finished up when his phone began to ring. As usual, a smile lit his face when he saw it was Castiel. “Heya, Cas,” he answered.
Dean pulled the clothes off himself in record time, tossing them towards his bag. Excitement had him beginning to harden up under Castiel’s gaze. “Can I now?”
“Hold on. I need your advice. I’m trying to upgrade my office equipment to look ‘cool.’ This hard drive has a light on it that is constantly changing colors. Do you think I should get it?”
She moaned and pushed herself down against him as her hands kneaded her breasts and pinched at her nipples. “Yeah, hon! That’s nice!”
He grinned. “Yeah, but they have the best drinks.” He picked up his glass and Sam did the same so they could clink them together.
“I could hear you up there, brotha. You’re not gonna get it any easier from me. This is mine and Andrea’s third date. Charlie and Gilda haven’t been together long though they’ve been glued at the hip since they met. Jody stayed with Sam for the first time last night. Why won’t you bring your new person?”
Feeling cheeky, Dean turned around, sticking out his ass and wiggling a bit. “Give it a shot.” The light tap from the back of the spoon was barely felt through the jeans he was wearing. “Seriously, Cas? Is that the best you got?”
Castiel stood from his couch and, leaving his pants hanging open, went to his bedroom. His fantasy self might not need lube, but it would make things smoother and more enjoyable for his real self. He pulled open the drawer in his nightstand, grabbing the small bottle of lube from inside. Squirting a small bit in his hand, he stayed standing next to his bed and then returned to his fantasy. As he pushed into his lubed hand, he imagined pushing into Dean.
Dean took full advantage, tongues twining together. He’d only gotten a moment’s taste before, but now he was really appreciating how amazing Castiel’s kissing skills were at only sixteen. There was no drool, no sloppiness. Everything he did was purposeful and spurred Dean on. His hands squeezed at Castiel’s thighs, loving how firm they were. Having Cas straddling him like this was a dream come true and he was quickly getting hard with the pretty boy in his lap. Dean jerked his head away from the kiss. “Fuck, Cas,” he gasped.
Dean lowered the hands to look once more at the butterfly who was no longer standing, but laying in his palms. “Please, butterfly. I need you.” He sniffled and fought back his tears.
“Shut your mouth and take your turn or I’ll give you something to suck.” It was the kind of thing he’d throw out to any other friend. The second the words came out of his mouth, the realization of how literal that could be taken with Cas hit him and he could feel himself starting to blush. He looked up to see Cas still sitting across from him with a grin.
“The fuck I don’t!” Dean had to stop himself from punching Balthazar and walked backwards instead. “I don’t have to do shit that you say. You’re a selfish asshole who’d rather ruin the good thing your nephew has, the good education I’m providing students, and my whole damn life for a piece of ass. Fuck that! If that’s what you’re dead set on doing, go ahead! I’d rather be in jail than ever on your cock again.” He didn’t wait for a response, immediately walking out of the room. He’d chosen his path and now he was going to follow through on it.
Dean went through another week of feeling sorry for himself. He presented a put-together man while at the school, but once he walked through his apartment door, he would just fall apart all over again. He never expected to miss someone so badly, as if every fiber of his being was being ripped from his body, his soul calling out for someone who wasn’t there. There was a hole in him that he didn’t think would ever be filled. He felt broken.
Dean had an idea, but he was nervous about mentioning it. Trudging ahead, he said, “Don’t freak out, but maybe we could go bowling.”
“It’s for putting up with me getting dumped a second time. It’s for listening to my whining, dealing with me being an asshole, not asking how you and Charlie have been. Are things good?”
Letting his legs down, Cas slowed his thrusts to lean over and kiss Dean. He grinned when Dean tried to push him back.
Dean followed, making sure to close and lock the apartment door when the man ran off. He then immediately returned to check on his butterfly. “Are you okay?” He looked over him for any signs of harm, but he seemed intact. “Geez, I’m so sorry. Who knew that there were people in the world who hated butterflies? Fuckin’ jackass.”
The doctor grabbed Dean’s chin and pressed against him. “I don’t want you to be quiet, Dean. The next time I fuck you, I will have you screaming my name.”
It was a look he knew well. He also realized she was in a new dress that was quite low cut. “Mmm! Damn, babe! What did I do to deserve all this?” He backed her up to the edge of the table.
“I promise. Never again. If that’s what it takes to prove to you how important you are to me, then he’s out. End of story.” It felt like a knife in his gut to say those words.
“Doctor!” Dean was not supposed to say what he was about to. He couldn’t help it though. “I want to see you again.”
They quietly crept up the staircase to the third landing. Dean moved like stealth was second-nature as they passed the other apartments until they made it to his on the end. When they got to his door, he pulled Cas in front of him, nibbling on his neck. “Finally.” He reached around him to unlock the door and just as he opened it, he heard a door behind him open, as well.
He didn’t feel like he could talk about Castiel with a straight face so he went for vague. “Nah, I had a little help, but it was mostly me.” He hoped the bragging would distract her. It worked.
“Hey, I got to thinking while I was cooking. Maybe you should bring me back to my car sooner rather than later.”
, finding themselves pretty equally skilled, the road usually being the determining factor. As they were finishing up with that, Dean ordered them Chinese food. They channel surfed until they decided on
It had been easy to feel grateful for the things he was allowed. He may not have gone to an out-of-state, four-year university like his friends, but he had a place to live that he didn’t have to pay for. There was a car to use whenever he wanted. There were no rules placed on him other than occasionally having to go somewhere or do something when his parents asked.
“Thanks. Not fond of the fish myself, but I’m too lazy to do anything about it.” He shut the door behind them.
Emily sat the drinks down and gave the standard answer. “That would be awesome, but we aren’t supposed to fraternize with the office lessees.”
If Dean went home and read Castiel’s blowjob story again, no one needed to know. He would accept the shame.
Dean put his water bottle down and pulled Cas in for another hug. “It’s not your fault and don’t worry about my brother.” He sat down on the couch with Castiel next to him. “We once went five months without talking to each other after we got into an actual fistfight. Damn near beat the hell outta each other. Neither of us left that one looking decent. When we finally did start talking again, it was like it never happened.”
The chat was filled with nothing but those two messages sent every night. As the week went on, he did start feeling slightly better. He reasoned that every day forward was one more day closer to seeing Cas again. Even if, for some reason, Cas was done with him, Dean just wanted to see him again. An answer to why he was being treated this way would be nice, but just seeing his face again would bring sunshine back into his world. Dean just had to make it to class and things would be better.
He left it on the back of the door, afraid Cas wouldn’t see it if he left it in the bed. He left for work with a smile on his face.
Dean started laughing. “It’s just a thought I wanted to put in your head. Nothing to talk about yet. I’m not even sure about it. A home office would be nice to have though...or we could turn it into a sex dungeon.”
Dean was squeezing Cas in return and rubbing calming circles on his back. “I got you. It’s fine,” he murmured into Castiel’s hair. While he didn’t really seem sad, his body felt tense in Dean’s arms, leaving Dean wondering what had him acting this way. Everything from a death in the family to Cas no longer wanting to be with him ran through Dean’s mind.
His boss waved him in from where he sat behind a desk. “Yeah, take a seat.” Once Dean had settled himself in one of the chairs in front of the desk, Crowley sat back with a sigh and steepled his fingers. “So...what’s going on, Dean?”
“It smells awesome.” He followed her to the table to find ribeye steak with a mushroom marsala sauce and red roasted potatoes. “Oh my god! This looks amazing!” He grabbed her to him, pressing his lips to hers as a thank you.
Dean’s cock was nearly pulsing with arousal and he gripped the base to try to calm himself. He didn’t want to come before he had his fingers inside. When it felt safe to continue, he let go and slicked up two of his fingers. His whole body was shivering with excitement and he took a deep breath before pressing the first finger inside. As he did, he thought about Castiel’s hands and how good those fingers would feel, thicker than his own.
He only made it into the forties before Dean’s eyelashes began to flutter. Sleepy green eyes tried to focus on his face before Dean pulled the cover up over his head.
Glancing down at the butterfly still hidden on his chest, he said, “There’s a museum up there that has a butterfly garden inside. It’s really nice. You’d make lots of butterfly friends. Maybe find a mate. I bet you would like it. If you stay with me, I’ll go by there after class to see if they will take you in.”
Cas came back with his biology textbook and they sat on opposite ends of the couch to work, the TV playing on low volume in the background.
Sam walked in looking surprised to see him. “I swear, I really don’t know who you are anymore,” he said with a grin as he sat down. “Here first. Letting someone stay overnight. Cooking breakfast.” He noticed Dean’s neck. “Whoa! Didn’t you have a hickey?”
Dean felt nauseated. He’d just yelled at Castiel and accused him of not caring, of fucking around, and he hadn’t even done anything wrong. He’d just helped out a friend.
Dean grabbed his phone back up and tried to figure out what he was going to tell Cas. Telling him this was the last thing he wanted to do. He stared at the blank screen, fingers not moving.
Castiel just watched. Having Dean this close again felt nice. It was calming and exciting at the same time.
Nodding, Castiel kept his eyes locked on the bottle. It was a fair statement. He would have been happy to get rid of most of what he owned so they could live together, but he also knew Dean would never allow that.
Castiel’s deep moan sent a shiver through Dean that left him with goosebumps. Needing more, his hands slipped under the new-style black button-up that Cas had on. The heat from his body made Dean’s hand feel like it was on fire as it pressed into firm muscles underneath.
It did make Dean wonder if he had been more noticeable at dinner than he thought. He definitely didn’t want his parents knowing about his crush. Considering Castiel was thirteen years older, Dean couldn’t imagine them being supportive of the idea, no matter how much they seemed to adore Cas.
“I need to see.” Keeping his hand over the spot, he went back to the Impala so he could use the rearview mirror to check the damage. “Shit!” he said again as he saw the slight bruise.
“Just get it over with, Dean,” Eileen pleaded. “If you’re so ready to move on, then tell her. Be firm and specific. Let her go.”
Dean didn’t know what else to say. There was nothing that was going to make her feel better. “Do you want me to send the papers to your parents’?”
With an annoyed huff, Dean attempted to justify what he thought. “You said you both cared for each other and have a chance to do things right.”
Castiel held onto him, continued to milk his cock until it was completely spent. “So good for me, Dean,” he whispered. With Dean taken care of, he was finally able to use him as he wanted. He completely pulled out and the noise of complaint from Dean was obscene. It made Cas chuckle. “Just slide over so you can lay back down without having to be in cum.”
Gabriel ran after him and grabbed his arm, pulling him to a stop. “You don’t want to do that. Trust me. Just act like you’re meeting him for the first time. Bump into him and mention something you know about him. Get him talking that way. If you tell him the truth, at least at first, he’ll think you’re crazy. I know because that’s what happened to me.”
Dean sighed contentedly as he let his forehead touch the seat next to Cas’s head. Turning slightly, he had to admit it. “Cas, I need this.”
Not wanting to drag Sam around again, Dean was left with two options. His mother had not so subtly left Lisa’s phone number in a magnetic clip on the fridge. Lisa had been nice, but there was no guarantee that they could be friends just because they stayed in the same area. The alternative was Benny. Dean already knew they got along and liked that he didn’t have to hide his relationship from him. It was an easy choice.
“It’s fine,” Cas called back. “I’ll be there to get it in just a minute.” Most of their packages got delivered to the main office so he was used to it.
“Yeah. You don’t drive the car until you need the emergency brake. You just drive it and it’s there if you need it.”
“Cassie was down here earlier, but had a call that he had to take.” Gabriel glanced up at the plate windows towards the top floor. “If I see him before you do when he comes down, I’ll let him know you’re here. Go have some fun!”
He was no longer sure that sexual pleasure was something he wanted to experience after all. It seemed like a terrifying experience.
He went to the bathroom to clean up and changed into a pair of pajama pants and a t-shirt. He yanked the top cover off the bed and carried it down the hall to his washer. He threw the gross garment in along with a laundry pod and set it washing.
It killed him to hear that, knowing full well he was going to. He vowed to make it fast though. Keeping his fingers inside him, he maneuvered his body up and lubed up his cock with his free hand. Quite a bit dripped onto the cover, but he didn't care. "I have to stop for a moment."
By Friday, he was finally beginning to accept that Castiel wasn’t coming back. Sitting around and being upset had never been Dean’s style before. Going out and screwing a bunch of people usually did the trick, but the thought just made him feel sick. After deciding he didn’t want life to pass him by, he surprised everyone by agreeing to go bowling with them on Saturday.
“Hold on!” Cas was stuck between being ridiculously happy and completely incredulous. “You said before that maybe we shouldn’t live together so soon into our relationship and now...are you talking about getting a place together?”
Leaning forward, Crowley set his arms on the desk and sighed again. “I could make a list a mile long of the wonderful compliments we’ve had about you. The clients enjoy the Dean-experience. Lately though, I have heard more than once that you just ‘weren’t into it,’ that you ‘seemed to be somewhere else.’ So, I’m going to ask you again, Dean. What’s going on?”
Confused, Castiel looked up and nearly whined, “Do what?” The second Dean tilted his head, the confusion was gone. He was taken over by a primal instinct intent on claiming what was offered. His lips were quickly over that sweet spot Dean had exposed for him. He knew he was being far too aggressive with his sucking and getting carried away with his biting, but he wouldn’t let up. The possessive demon inside him was not going to stop until Dean was clearly marked.
Castiel had to grin. The logic was irrefutable. He watched Dean pull out his phone and type something. Shortly thereafter, his phone dinged. Knowing it must have been whatever Dean wrote, he checked the text.
This time Dean let his hand ‘pet' Cas's dick, stroking from the base to the tip over and over. If Cas was feeling cat-like tendencies, he had a feeling it might go over well. "Do you like being petted?" he asked.
He lubed up his fingers and, after a brief hesitation, pushed one inside himself. The pressure was intense. It had been so long that he might as well be a virgin all over again. He wiggled the finger around and pumped it in and out a few times. Impatient, he pushed the second finger in with the first and moaned loudly. The pain was short-lived and easily outweighed by the pleasure. His free hand stroked up and down his dick a few times, but he had to let go, not wanting to come too soon.
It felt nice to know even in this fucked up situation, Dean wouldn’t knowingly put him in a situation where he could get hurt. Happy with that, he rested his head against Dean’s shoulder, smiling like a fool when Dean kissed the top of his head.
Understanding the mistake, Castiel rushed to fix it. “No, no, no! I don’t want to be. I never wanted to be a client, but I knew that we weren’t allowed to ask to see you outside of our appointments.” He huffed a laugh, “Trust me, I wanted to. So many times, I came close, but I didn’t know if you were really feeling the same way or just a great actor. Most of all, I didn’t want to run the risk of getting kicked out and never getting to see you again. I only ask because I don’t want to get you in trouble or cost you your job.”
They stayed that way for quite a while, waiting for their quickened breath to calm and their racing hearts to quiet. When Cas felt movement below him, he straightened up, carefully letting his softening member slide out of Dean as he stepped back.
Pulling him in close again, Dean said, “Of course, babe. I would never ask you to do anything you don’t want to do. I know we’re kinda jumping back into this, but that doesn’t mean jumping into bed, okay?”
He reached back and pressed the head of the toy against his hole. It took some firm pressure, but it finally slipped inside. The pain was more prominent this time, but he gritted his teeth and worked through it. He stopped to pant for breath once it was fully in him. Once he felt good again, he slowly began to move the dildo out and back in. Closing his eyes, he could see Dean behind him, hands gripping his hips, controlling the movement.
A couple hours later, Sam went to go check to see if Dean wanted anything to eat. He stopped at the open doorway to see his brother was sound asleep in his bed. The new kitten was curled up on his chest, purring contentedly. It blinked and raised its head when it saw him standing there.
“Aren’t you demanding!” he snarked, but began to do as Castiel asked. He was slow and methodical, starting with short thrusts before pulling out further and sliding back in with some force. Hearing Castiel’s grunt, he did it again, the sound like music to his ears. He tried not to get too excited, but being with Castiel was a gift and he knew he wasn’t going to last as long as he normally would. He promised himself he would make up for it later. He began a steady, quicker pace.
“Alright. Well, if you’re sure, I’ll get to work.” When Castiel nodded, Dean turned around and picked up a bucket of soapy water and squeegee, carrying them across the room and out the door to the balcony.
Moving his eyes to the green felt of the pool table, Dean shrugged. “A guy can always use a few more friends.”
Castiel stood from his chair and slowly prowled around the desk, muscles rigid. He leaned over in front of Dean and grabbed the chair’s arms. With his prey effectively trapped, Cas forced him to meet his eyes. “Dean,” his voice was hard and smooth as steel, “the only reason I am not hauling you over my desk and fucking you right this second is because my employees don’t need to hear you screaming. How you could possibly think I don’t desire you after all I have done is beyond me.” He roughly released the chair arms and sank down in the seat next to him.
As if needing to hear it one more time, he said, “You don’t think it’s wrong, him dating a seventeen-year-old?”
Dirty talk would get Dean every time, especially when coming out of that gorgeous mouth. He removed his fingers and positioned himself back over Cas, slicking his cock with his lubed hand. Realizing what he was doing, he stopped and clamped his fists into the sheets. It was a war against himself. All he wanted was to slam deep into Cas, but he had to calm down long enough to put on a condom. When he had his will back under control, and he had vowed to get them tested as soon as possible, he was able to sit up and put on a condom. As he did, he looked down to see Cas smirking beneath him. “What?”
Seeing Cas respond so strongly to just his hand, Dean grinned. “You’re gonna cum so hard for me.” He dropped to his knees and ran his tongue up the underside of the shaft. Feeling Cas’s whole body jerk, he looked up to see him gripping the back of the front seat, nails digging in. “Careful with the leather, babe.”
Please bear with me if the updates come a little slow this week. I have fallen gravely ill (writer speak for "I have a cold."). I am trying to stick to posting every other day, but if I miss a day, I wanted you to know why. My energy and creativity are non-existent at the moment. As soon as I see Miracle Max and become healed, the quest to find happiness for these idiots shall continue at its normal pace.
Waking up to gentle kisses peppering his face was going on his list of favorite ways to greet the morning. Without opening his eyes, he smiled and rolled to his side to snuggle up to Castiel. Sighing contently, he said, “I missed you so fucking much.”
Dean spent a little while longer talking with his mom and they both agreed that Castiel should have a say in when and how John was told. It was only fair since he was the one most likely to be affected.
Shrugging, he said, “I don’t know what to tell you. We’re just brothers, not conjoined twins. Sometimes we talk every day. Sometimes it may be a while. Why are you asking me anyway? I’m not my brother’s keeper. Why not ask Sam?”
Despite his thoughts, Castiel’s body was frozen. He heard more shots and managed to take a step back. When the black tip of a semi-automatic rifle came into view, he was able to take another step back, none of it was enough to escape the notice of the man coming down the hall.
Wednesday night was just as hard for him this week as it was the week before. He should be getting to snuggle on his couch with Dean to watch a movie. At least, watch it until things got to the point that they had to be moved to the bedroom. Rather than stay home and pout, Cas decided to go to Fishbone and pout there. He sat at the bar, sipping on his beer and eating peanuts while scrolling through his Facebook feed. A flash of red coming inside caught his eye.
They were greeted by Gabriel, Castiel’s brother whom they had met a few times in the past. The sandy-haired man with golden eyes always seemed a little boisterous for Dean’s taste, but his child-like antics always managed to make Sam laugh.
“You really have a thing about that car. Works for me though.” With slow purposeful words, he painted an erotic image for Dean. “I could imagine stripping you down and bending you over the hood. Spreading your cheeks and eating that sexy ass until you’re dripping and begging for my cock.” Cas grinned and then whispered, “It’s so fucking sexy when you beg, Dean.”
Cas pushed his head harder against Dean's hands and then scooted up further between his legs. He leaned forward and rubbed his head against the bare chest in front of him, softly bumping Dean's chin.
Pulling his fingers out, he immediately had the head of his cock at Cas's hole and pushed in. The lube allowed him to easily enter and he slid in deep as he leaned over his angel, watching the face contort through pain and then pleasure.
Max agreed with his sister. “So thankful they’re rare because that type gets weird on us real quick and starts thinking we’re having a different kind of relationship. They’re delusional and nothing can make them see what’s real.”
All it did was add kindling to his already raging arousal. He liked Dean being bossy and firm. Meeting that hard gaze, he said, “Fuck me like this, Dean.”
Dean carefully placed a hand along the top of Castiel’s wing and slid it slowly all the way to the end, feeling the soft, silky quality of the feathers. When he reached the end of the outstretched wing, he brought his hand to the apex and lightly drew his fingers down the front. When he felt the tremble, he pulled away. “Are you okay?”
Cas used his body to hide Dean from view before pulling the throw cover off the back of the couch to cover him. “Gabriel, I thought you left already!” he complained.
Castiel considered the new information. “Then, yes, I would like to help you again. I would also appreciate if you could show me what to do to feel what you did.”
Dean put his hands on Cas’s shoulders, making him hold still and meeting his eyes. “I’m not. You know what the law prohibits? I do because I looked it up. Sex. Dating is not illegal. As long as we don’t start fucking in front of everyone we’re going to be okay. Some people may talk. Some people may wonder, but there’s nothing they can say. If someone wants to tell your parents, they could make it to where I have to stay away from you, but how many people are going to get ahold of them in Argentina to get their thoughts?”
Dean sat straight up in bed, looking around, trying to figure out what was going on. Before he could even see straight, a hard weight got thrown into his lap, hitting him with enough force to make him double over in bed, clutching his family jewels. “What the fuck?” he managed to gasp out. He was definitely awake now, but still incredibly confused.
“Class, this is Mr. Winchester. He’s going to be finishing out the school year with you all since I’ll be going. I want you all to be nice while he gets into the swing of things, okay?”
“You’ll have to forgive me if I seem confused.” He picked up a manilla folder and leaned over the desk to hand it to Dean.
Dean snorted. “Gee, Cas. Nice to see you’re not holding back,” he snarked. “Shouldn’t I be feeling something?”
“I’m gonna take that as a yes.” Once everything was ordered, all set to arrive the next day, Dean stretched and yawned. “Do butterflies sleep? I don’t know, but I need to get to sleep. Got things to do tomorrow. Come on. I have a fake plant you can hang out on until tomorrow.”
The next morning, to Dean’s surprise, when he checked his “mailbox” in the front office, he found both of Castiel’s rewritten pieces there. A quick scan over them showed that they were not only done right, but done well. He didn’t really have any doubt of Castiel’s writing ability, considering what he’d already seen, but it was nice to see it used on safe subjects.
The squelching sound of Dean’s fingers going inside his ass made Castiel’s dick twitch in anticipation and he quickly returned to his task of opening the condom. “Th..th..this is-is fine,” he stammered as he flung the wrapper to the side. Rolling the condom on was a surprisingly quick task considering how long he’d taken to open the package.
The whole way home, Castiel kept glancing at the number in the seat next to him. “I wonder when is too soon to call.”
Gabriel grabbed his keys and looked down at Dean. “Have fun, kiddo. No long-distance calls or porn though.”
Dean cocked his head. “What do you mean?” He’d been doing fairly well about not thinking about why he was there and was actually having a good time. It wasn’t something he could very well just talk about either. ‘
“Cas.” There was an authority there that Castiel hadn’t been able to convey. Dean’s eyes had darkened and the overall effect caused Castiel to take a step back, even with the glass between them. “Go sit down.”
“You don’t have to be one of them to see them interact, Castiel. An innocent creature is often a great vessel to view from. You could be a bee or a butterfly or whatever you want. I can send you down there as whatever you desire so you may appease your curiosity. You can come back whenever you are ready or live out the remaining lifespan of the creature.”
“He had plans, but he’s coming by tonight.” He smiled, excited about what he was going to do. “I’m giving him a key.”
Looking up again, Dean saw only confusion. “You still want to stay here, even knowing what I did, what I am?”
Glancing up, Cas raised an eyebrow, but did as Dean asked, adding another finger next to the first. “Eager or kinky?”
Tuesday was an exciting day for Castiel. He was full of nervous energy as he tried to play out in his mind what he wanted to do to, for, and with Dean.
“Yes, Professor,” he acknowledged, disappointment clear in his voice. He pulled on his shirt and hid his cum-stained hoodie in his bag before leaving the office.
Sam stopped and turned to look at Dean. “You shouldn’t feel like you have to tell Dad either. I wouldn’t say anything.”
“I don’t care where you were. I don’t care what you did, but for the love of god, call Lisa! She has been at me nonstop and the whole ‘not my brother’s keeper’ thing doesn’t seem to matter to her. I swear, Dean. I had one request. Be honest with her. What the hell?”
Castiel groaned. He’d be on the edge of falling asleep from Dean’s hand in his hair. When he felt the pat on his back, he reluctantly sat up and moved to his end of the couch so Dean could answer the door.
Things like this just don’t happen to Castiel. He’d made his peace with coming to the woods and getting it on with some stranger, but the possibility that it could be with Dean - Dean, his hot neighbor, who nearly gave him an aneurysm the first time Castiel saw him mowing without a shirt on. He couldn’t help being skeptical. “
Castiel grinned from behind Dean. He knew how to make a man come and he needed it to happen quickly. He was nearing his own release and his heavy breathing wasn’t getting him enough air. “Dean, so close!” he managed to gasp.
Besides, Dean walking out without eating earlier meant he was feeling a bit starved. As if on cue, his stomach growled.
“Nice to know you’re finally over being pissed about it,” he snapped before he could stop himself. “Sorry.”
The way she was laughing had Castiel cracking up, too. “You can barely breath,” he said, though he wasn’t doing much better.
Dean was back at his desk, working on one of their client’s websites. “Yeah. Cas helped,” he replied absentmindedly while adding in some of the required text.
After applying some of the lube to his fingers, Dean took a breath to calm himself. It seemed a little embarrassing to do this in front of Cas, especially considering how many times he’d done it while thinking about him. Pushing the nerves aside, he reached back between his legs and spread the cool liquid over his exposed hole. A shiver ran through him though whether from the temperature of the lube or just as a reaction to what he was doing he wasn’t sure. Feeling Castiel’s hands on the back of his calves calmed him and he felt sure of himself again.
“Because you are impatient and I’m busy. So, I haven’t fucked you within what you would consider an acceptable time frame.” This was all said with Castiel’s matter-of-fact voice. He wasn’t judging, just stating what he somehow knew.
The tightening of Dean’s ass around Castiel was his undoing. “Oh, fuck!” He slammed into Dean and stilled as he pulsed over and over, filling the condom. When he felt able to move, he leaned over Dean again, placing a few more kisses across his back. He pulled back slowly until his softening cock slipped out. He removed the condom, tied it off and was able to find a small trash can by Dean’s bed to toss it into.
“See ya. Have fun, you crazy kids!” he called after the girls who were waiting at the stairs for Sam.
Sitting back on the bench, Jody said, “You know, I stopped and talked to Dean one day, trying to find out what was going on between you two. That was right before I gave up meddling. He told me the exact same stupid lies that you did. You went into the same line of work, you have the same lies, and neither of you seem to mind an age difference.” She bumped shoulders with him, making Sam smile. “Would you break up with me if Dean asked you to?”
“It’s someone I’ve known for a while actually. I thought he wasn’t interested, but when he found out I was on the app, he stepped up.”
Castiel tightened his grip to mimic the feeling and began to stroke in time with the thrusts in his fantasy.
“Really? It’s a joke?” she asked, clearly skeptical. “Unlock your phone and let me see the rest of the conversation. Let me see how him liking you saying his name when you cum is so funny.”
Needing to move around again, Dean hopped back up to walk around the small exam room, looking at the posters on the wall.
For the second time, Cas grabbed Dean’s hand and drug him outside. In a moment of thinking ahead, Castiel had parked at the very end of the small parking row where very little light reached. Not that there were ever a lot of people coming and going from Fishbone, but Cas went around to the passenger side where anyone else outside wouldn’t be able to see much if they did come outside. He pressed Dean up against the side of his silver Audi and continued their harsh kiss from inside. His body pinned Dean to the car while one hand held his neck and the other gripped his hip.
Castiel rose from the edge of the bed where he’d been sitting and stepped to Dean, giving him a soft, chaste kiss on his lips. “I love you, too.”
“Cas, please! No more waiting.” Dean was going to lose his mind. He needed to be taken by Castiel. It was a drive inside him that had to be sated. He wanted to have Castiel’s cum inside him, wanted to feel it.
She narrowed her eyes, though the smile stayed. “Is it a good morning? Is that because your evening was good, as well?”
Dean was an English Literature professor, so the job sounded like a blessing. At the very least, it would hold him over. “What the hell, Sam? Why wouldn’t you want me to know about that?”
When the front door banged open a few hours later, it startled Castiel from his resting state. He fluttered his wings happily since Dean was finally home. He quickly realized from the sounds that Dean was not alone. The stench that hit his senses next was one that sent him bristling. Even worse, he knew Dean wouldn’t know what he now did.
“I know. In my super expensive, incredibly comfortable and warm bed to get your much-needed rest. I’m a monster,” he chuckled.
While he’d previously planned on going out, he’d changed his mind after his moment with Cas. Feeling the effects of arousal though, he wondered if going out for a fuck would be a little beneficial. He couldn’t exactly get ahold of Castiel, wouldn’t even know how. Another look-alike would probably sate the appetite, at least until he could get his hands on him and find out what exactly the kid wanted.
Dean couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe, couldn’t think. Castiel’s arm around him, his breath tickling across his ear, that kiss…it had felt so hot against his skin and he desperately wanted more. He could feel his pants getting tighter, more from general excitement than anticipation of anything.
Following the stone path, he passed a couple families with children who were listening to an entomologist speak about the different butterflies in the building. As he continued on, he could feel that connection to Dean growing stronger. At last, he came into view and Castiel was once again in awe of him.
The majority of people started trickling off at that point, so he went back up towards the pool. There were two fire pits next to it that had been lit up. Those who were staying were gravitating that way. Sam had even brought the coolers with soda, water, and the beer Dean had bought over next to the pits so no one had to go far for a drink.
Dean was getting frustrated. It had been over a week since the night he’d gone to Castiel’s home. He’d been up to the office three times to talk with employees and to sit in on meetings, but each time he was dismissed afterwards. Knowing discretion was key, Dean never asked about getting together again while they were at the office, but his attempts to text about it never went well either. Despite that, he decided to give it another try.
He didn’t respond. He couldn’t say what he wanted to say so there was no point in saying anything. The fact was that he wouldn’t be hearing from Dean until tomorrow evening. He hated that it was going to take that long, but at least then they would be spending the whole evening together. Castiel tried to uplift his thoughts with how the night out could actually go.
He smiled and sat the shirt with the other clothes in the arms. "I was always with you." He patted him on the shoulder and left while he changed.
Even if Castiel was magically over the crush he had seemed to harbor, it wasn’t like Dean could just pursue him and change his mind. The more he thought about it, the more the only thing he could think to do was give it time. He was the kind of person who got bored easily, so with enough time Castiel would be just another student. He just hoped he wouldn’t drive himself mad in the meantime.
The outburst startled her and she took a step back. “Of course not.” The resentment behind his words wasn’t lost on her. “Dean, are you more upset about almost losing me...or actually losing Castiel?”
“He made the mistake of taking my car without asking and brought her back with a scratch. We had it out over that and all kinds of shit came up between us. Sam ended up tackling me and it all went from bad to worse.” Dean shrugged. “It was just one of those things that happens between brothers sometimes.”
Laying on his bed, not thinking about it, was the best he could do. He shuffled out during moments of respite for food and drink. His mom was thinking he was sick and suggested he not go to his friend’s house. He did his best to convince her he was just tired and would be fine after he rested.
Dean remembered asking her about where Cas had gone. “I’m not surprised. Speaking of surprises that aren’t surprises at all, I have something for you.” He shifted so he could pull the key out of his pocket and handed it over.
When she was out of sight, he leaned against the counter and sighed. He didn’t know if Lisa had realized it or not, but he had been spending less and less time with her. Sometimes he would agree to watch a show with her, but he’d end up daydreaming and missing half of what he was supposed to see. He knew it had a lot to do with Cas, but the more and more he thought about it, he had to wonder if it had always been that way and Cas was just the thing that made him notice.
The irony of the words pulled a harsh laugh from Dean as he released his hold and stood, wiping away his own tears. “Now you ask to be let go. All I’ve been trying to do is let you go. If that’s really what you want, then you shouldn’t have come back.” It was a low blow and hit like it should have. Dean wanted Castiel with him, but getting pulled through the ringer and jerked around was more than he could deal with.
Pleased, he headed off to his room to grade them and go over his lesson plan for the day. He was actually giving them an assignment to do over the weekend.
Knowing how much Cas was enjoying him was an incredible balm to the pain and it brought a smile to Dean’s face. “Yeah? You like it?” he managed to ask.
Knowing John’s brain was already processing why Dean looked to him when he said that, Cas only offered a little smile for Dean. He wasn’t going to do anything to confirm until Dean had.
