Toni’s grip tightened on his shoulders, and those blue eyes were back on him instantly. “I didn’t need an apology.”
something.
“Is that just an excuse to get me shirtless, because you know all you have to do is ask, Stevie,” Bucky grinned, but obliged and pulled the article off. “Better?” he purred, stepping forward into the blonde’s space.
Steve’s jaw clenched for a moment before he closed the front door behind Rhodey and nodded his chin towards the staircase. “Go on. Just… let me know before you go bringing any more people here. Just for safety precautions?”
"Then we wait out for Tony to give us a clue or something." Bruce said gently and nudged Clint.
Clint nodded warily, sighing and nudging them away. “Not sit your asses down so we can have breakfast,” he huffed, which Steve and Tony quickly complied.
They stepped into the dark house, making quick work to search the downstairs. The blonde looked over the living room, pausing at Tony’s computer and studying it for a second. His eyes moved to the flashdrive beside it, picking it up and studying it for a moment before sliding it into his pocket. “I’ll move up stairs and talk to the kid. Keep an eye out down here, Ramirez,” the blonde hissed, moving towards the stairs.
The blonde was quiet for a long minute. Did this asshole really think that little of how he had hurt her when they first met? He had willing tried to manipulate her, developed a feud with her over his actions, and now he was going to throw away all the benefits that he had hurt her for just like that? It added more fuel to Toni’s hatred for the man that he was going to let her pain be in vain. And why would he deny her father’s help? He needed to find Barnes and he should take all the help he can get. So was this a pride thing? Steve had to find Bucky all by himself?
Bruce studied the screen, grinning. “Genius. I especially like your scale definition and the renderings.”
Steve rested his chin in hand, eyes trailing from the couple before him to the phone in his lap. He was going to kill Bucky for making him entertain these
Bucky nodded slowly, finally tearing his eyes off of her to look at the jam jar in his hand. By the soft sigh she released, he assumed that she appreciated the move. So she had a chance to stay with her family, but shitty circumstances ruined it. She still wanted to head north, which must mean some part of her believes her father is alive and well. So if it wasn’t her experience on the airfield that made her so cold and defensive towards others… what else had happened to her since the outbreak?
Obadiah nodded, smiling widely. “And have my helicopter prepared for take off in fifteen minutes. I have a flight to catch.”
Clint tutted, tapping Hammer’s cheek. “You better answer, Justin. You still have six more fingers just begging to be broken if you don’t."
What will happen when Steve and the others find out what happened to Tony?
Was Clint fucking serious? Tony opened his mouth to yell out to Clint when he heard footsteps shuffling down the stairs and the front door shut.
Steve raised his hand. “Bucky told me as much. I shouldn’t have doubted your father.’
Clint gave a nod as he approached the opening, glancing in before shifting and sending his foot hard down into the metal, watching the covering fold in on itself and fall to the floor below. In one shift movement, Clint slid out of the vent and landed on the lab table silently, jumping to the floor and glancing around eagerly for his brother.
The boss huffed, glaring to Donovan. “As far as I’m concerned, Stark is an enemy and do we trust what our enemies’ tell us?” He waited for Donovan to shake his head before continuing. “No, we don’t. And now, I’ve lost one agent, all for you to bring me back a pathetic flashdrive.”
The knife was snatched from his hand, and the blonde was spun around to face a young woman. She was short, probably no older than her early twenties. Her dark waves were cut short, maybe an inch or so below her chin, and her face was smeared with…grease? She was dressed in a band t-shirt, the black ink of the “A” in AC/DC” peeling at the corners. Beneath the t-shirt was the outline of a tank top, possibly to shed layers during the brutal summer that had just passed. She wore a pair of fraying jean shorts, exposing a length of tan legs sporting a pair of black converses. She was young, but her blue eyes watched the blonde like he was her prey. He effectively was. “It’s getting too easy,” she spoke up, her voice authoritative and firm with a hint of…amusement? “People
“Oh no, Mister. This coffee’s mine. Want your own, go to the kitchen,” Bruce smirked, sipping from the mug teasingly. “You don’t try to stay up too frequently, do you? It isn’t healthy to be sleep deprived.”
Tony huffed and poked his chest. “You’re just mad because Bruce helped me get a hit against you,” Tony smirked smugly, wiggling under Steve.
Loki shrugged. “You’re lucky I know the things I know now. Obadiah only gave me parts of his plan; I don’t know the details."
Toni raised her glass, knocking it against his in toast. “We may be confined, Barnes, but we’re not helpless. There are big plans to make, and an enemy whose operations we have to predict.” Toni finished her drink again, placing the glass down on the counter with a resounding ‘clink’ before she stood from the stool. She placed a hand on Bucky’s good shoulder, leaning in to press her lips to his ear. “Don’t think for a moment that I’m not spending every waking moment planning on how I’m going to make them
He was nearly there when a deafening sound filled the night air and the building gave a shudder before collapsing in on itself, sending flames out at every angle.
Toni made a face, genuinely confused by the request. “Because there is a bathroom right down that hall and Obie’s running late. I’ll be two seconds, it’s not like he’s going to show up and demand we leave immediately.”
“It’s your choice. I go where you go.”
Steve gave him a soft look, but finally obliged and moved to one of the corners to lay out the blanket. “Fine. But at least eat something. Don’t think I didn’t notice you giving me more of the soup earlier.” The blonde approached, leaning in and pressing his lips to Bucky’s for a brief moment. “Goodnight. Wake me in a few hours for my turn.”
“I’m new to the party scene. Honestly, I was content with staying by the bar all night and keeping to myself, but you looked like you needed rescuing,” the blonde teased, giving Toni that boyish grin again. “My name is Steve Rogers.”
"How would you like to proceed?" The agent asked, taking the tablet back when it was offered.
"Couldn't you have just drugged him like me?" Tony hissed, hand resting gently on Bucky's chest and slightly comforted by the rise and fall of his breathing.
"That I was dead? Come on, you know it takes more than a grenade to bring me down," Bucky scoffed, grinning as he flexed his metallic arm. "Besides, Tony would have let me die without a fight," he smirked.
She knew she crossed the line first, bringing up his father the way she did. All the years Toni’s rejected Steve, and she at least knew
He caught her shoulder gently and Toni jerked away from his touch in response. “Leave it, Barnes.”
Bucky grunted his thanks, taking up a slice of the sandwich. There was a knock against the doorframe and Steve glanced over his shoulder, offering Bruce a tired smile as the brunet drifted into the room. “Dr. Banner,” Steve greeted, moving to shake the man’s hand. “I can’t thank you enough for making these house calls.”
Bucky frowned, sliding off of the table and moving over to Tony. “Still not following, Tony."
Did anyone notice I added Rhodey to the character tags? Surprise!
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve jolted at the voice to his left, watching as the bartender ignored Steve’s order in favor of meeting the request of the newcomer. Tipping his head to the side, Steve’s went tense. There, perched with his arms crossed on the bar counter, was the exact man he had been looking for. Howard Stark stood with an air of nonchalance, bored eyes scanning over the bottles that lined the shelves on the wall. His grey hair was combed back, glued down perfectly in place while his manicured mustache framed his thin lips. His navy suit was simple, tightly cut to accentuate his slim figure. All this preparation, all this planning to get to this exact moment, and Steve was at a loss for words. What was his plan? What did Stark do? What did Steve need? Helpfully, Howard started the conversation.
“Sure thing, Rambo. Just hold on,” Bucky grunted, nodding his head to Steve and pushing forward.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Got it," Clint mumbled, arm wrapping around Bruce’s waist. “What about…what about Tony?" He murmured.
Bucky smirked to Steve and nudged the boss. “What do you say? Movie night? Even Tony’s on board,” he insisted.
If Sharon protested any more, it was drowned out by the interaction Toni was walking in on.
Steve blinked slowly, and when he opened his eyes, his gaze was on her. “Did your father send you here to give me some form of warning?”
“Then why were you trying to steal my food earlier?” Steve questioned, giving the girl a knowing look.
And that was just with Ty. Obadiah was her godfather, a family friend and a business partner. He helped raise her after her mother’s passing and yet he only wanted war. He wanted her out of the way while her father burned.
“Is that what he was getting at? It was hard to tell through the rambling,” Toni murmured dryly, settling her hands on his broad shoulders and finally tearing her glare off of him and towards the band.
Tony grinned proudly. “I like to think so," he mumbled. He suddenly smacked the table. “Ha! Just swapped signals! All I have to do is launch the program on my computer," He smirked. He slowly tapped the enter key, grinning. “And we are live."
Bucky hummed a soft agreement. “Yes, but look at it this way: you could have actually married him. You got the wakeup call before you got too committed.”
A whirlwind of green spun around in the blender, accompanied by the jarring growl of the motor. Steve leaned against the counter next to the appliance, back against the granite while he watched the coffeemaker sputter out the last few drops of the dark liquid into the pot. He had just returned from his morning run, though it was much lonelier without his usual companion. He had spent most of the night at Bucky’s side, and the exhaustion weighed on his slouched shoulders. The brunet had been out cold since they got him into bed, and Bruce had done a beautiful job of cleaning up the nasty bullet wound and stitching him up, but Steve ached to talk to his best friend. Just to hear his voice again and reassure himself that Bucky was really there, was really alive.
Clint glared after Bucky before looking to Bruce. “Go keep an eye on him,” Clint said and Bruce chuckled, standing and moving out.
Clint crossed his arms in frustration and leaned back against the counter, eying the room. Who could have given Tony a hickey? His face went blank as Steve entered the room, smiling brightly to his team as he moved towards the coffeepot. Clint didn’t miss the way Steve’s hand subtly brushed Tony’s collar up over the dark mark. And Clint definitely didn’t miss the way Tony’s cheeks accented with the faintest colors of red.
"With all due respect, sir, I’d like to lead the team to rescue my brother." Clint said, and it really was a request as he looked up to meet Steve’s eyes.
Steve wanted to protest, say he would go to save his best friend and…whatever Tony was to him, but he knew in the end that he couldn’t be selfish. He had to do what was necessary in rescuing Tony
Steve blinked, almost a little shocked. As a criminal boss, no one ever seemed to have the guts to snap at Steve, let alone call him out. Steve Rogers rarely showed sympathy to anyone but his men. It was frustrating because Steve didn’t only wonder why he was offering Tony sympathy, but why Tony wasn’t reacting to him the way most people did. He huffed, turning and storming out of the room, passing Clint on the steps. “Is your brother always this frustrating?” Steve hissed as he moved out to wait in the car.
“Good. You may need it. Now let’s get the fuck out of this hell hole and-“
“Can you fix it?” The blonde asked, tightly gripping at Toni’s left hand in some vague notion of comfort.
“Good.”
Toni’s shoulders straightened and her eyes hardened as she nodded once. “Iron.”
Part of her still doubted it was even him.
"Didn’t even see the bastards," Phil spat through gritted teeth as Bruce pulled on a pair of gloves and began working the bullet out.
Rhodey lifted the bag at his feet and hefted the strap onto his shoulder, taking a step forward and placing a hand on Toni’s shoulder before she could lash out. “I understand your concern, Mr. Rogers, and I appreciate it, but I’m just here because Toni needs a friend at this moment. I also come with her father’s blessing,” Rhodey shook the bag, “These are a few of her belongings that Happy picked up from her apartment. I’m passing them along.”
Natasha’s lips quirked up, accepting the answer. “I’ll get right on that.”
Clint sighed as the coffee maker beeped, standing and fixing three mugs of coffee, handing one to Steve and Tony before sipping his own. "One night, I was walking home from my shift at the factory and I was jumped by a couple of guys. Steve showed up and saved my ass, even offered me a job. It's because of him that we have a roof over our head, Tony." He snapped.
Steve turned, finding the brunette in question descending down the staircase. It was possibly the least composed Steve had ever seen Toni, and understandably so. Her long hair was restrained in a sloppy ponytail, wearing a long-sleeve black shirt and grey sweatpants that must have been among the clothes Natasha lent to her. There was a faint hint of mascara smeared along her lower lash line, likely from sleeping with makeup on. The black of the mascara complemented the dark circles beneath her eyes. There was no soft curls, no pristine blouse, no sharp heel or red lip. Her bare feet scuffed the wood floor as she approached, giving the visitor a warm if not tired smile. As much as Steve felt for her in the tough time, his primary function here was to keep her safe. “Ms. Stark, my guards do not answer to you. They are here to ensure the safety of both you and everyone in this house; you cannot go inviting guests here, especially with the current situation your family is in.”
Toni glowered at the brunet, but instead of offering a snippy reply she turned for the door. “Let’s go. The only people wasting daylight are you idiots.”
“I apologize that you do not like the wine I bought for myself,” Steve hummed, keeping his tone careful as he released her hand. “I’m happy that Howard has set up this meet-and-greet between us; I have heard a lot about you, Tiberius.”
Steve growled in frustration, fists clenching as Bucky grabbed his shoulder, turning him to face him. “Steve, give it a rest for tonight. We’ll try again in the morning but seriously, you look exhausted. Let it go for now."
“Wow. Was that a profound statement from
Tony shifted under Bucky’s gaze, sighing shakily and rubbing his face. “I gave Stane the prototype. He’s going to mass produce it tomorrow,” Tony whispered.
Tony get's to have a little chat with Steve and Clint about what exactly he saw.
This situation was growing more and more involved, and Toni started to fear she’d never get those contracts tonight, let alone a chance to ask about them.  Whatever drama Steve was dealing with didn’t mean he could give her that look a parent gives a child when they’re interrupting an adult conversation. Where was Barnes when you needed a middleman? “Steve, I just need the contracts you and Bucky were supposed to bring. We’re about to leave soon-“
Was it Bucky? Could the brunette have ignored all of Clint’s warnings and decided that he wanted Tony? They had spent most of their time together at Obidiah’s. But as Natasha’s hand subtly brushed against Bucky’s arm, Clint decided to let that accusation drop. By Bucky’s warm smile, Clint could tell that the brunette had his eyes set on someone else.
As another finger was bent, Hammer let out a cry of pain. “Fuck! Wednesday! Next Wednesday night!" He hissed in pain, squirming in the chair.
"Who are you?" Tony hissed through gritted teeth, nails digging into his palm.
Bucky made an affronted sound, swatting Steve’s arm. “You fuckin’ traitor!”
Toni huffed, pulling the pizza box from the shelf and setting it on the counter beside the man. “I’m your new roommate. My father has to make a complete overhaul of his operations to root out traitors, and apparently, Rogers’ estate is the safest place for me right now.”
“Isn’t it?” Toni spat, eyes cold as she leveled Steve with a glare. “I’m not a secretary. You want to meet with my father? Grow a pair and ask him yourself. If you do it now, maybe he’ll be able to fit you in by November of next year.”
Bruce gave the blonde a soft yet awkward smile, the kind the man always gave when he received praise. “Of course. Your business supplies my hospital with the supplies we need to treat a variety of patients with a variety of illnesses. We couldn’t do the work we do without you.”
Things were looking up.
“I know,” Ty grinned smugly, pressing his lips to the side of Toni’s jaw before tugging away in favor of the couch again. “But I like to piss him off.”
Bucky snorted from behind them, walking over and looking Tony over. "This is your brother, isn't it?" he grinned, nudging Clint. "You are in some deep shit," he snickered, opening his mouth to say more but a look from Steve silenced him and he stepped away.
“Oh, really? Because, thanks to your lie, he thinks I dropped the ball on bringing forward a potential partner,” Toni snarled, pointing a finger at the blonde and leaning in. “The fact that he actually likes you is the only thing keeping me from taking you down, you hear me? Trying to use me was strike one, lying to my father about me was strike two, and strike three was going over my head and making me look bad to my father. I’d say you made an enemy out of me, but I don’t concern myself with lowlife troublemakers who need handouts to build their business.”
“A barn. To the left there. It’s as good a place as any to take shelter for the night. We don’t really have the light to keep looking,” Steve admitted, already turning to the left and shoving through the grasses.
“Everything is going as planned. I expect a retaliation from Rogers within the next few days. He’s getting desperate.”
Tony snorted, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Wait around for nothing? There is no way we can get out some sort of message that Steve and the others would get." He stood slowly, pacing and making a face.
The sky was marred with deep gray clouds now, thunder rumbling in the far distance. Bucky cursed their luck. They had been walking for almost an hour now, the little town proving to be farther than originally thought from their little barn. Or perhaps they were just slower than usual. Bucky’s eyes flicked to the side, where Toni was struggling to keep pace beside Steve. She was still sickly pale, a sheen of sweat on her skin despite the crisp fall air. Her good arm was wrapped gingerly around her broken one, as if to shield it from the harsh tugs of the storm’s breeze. She wasn’t going to make it much longer if they didn’t get her some form of medication soon; all this strain on her small body would make her much more susceptible to infection.
He owed a lot to Ms. Stark.
Bucky frowned and shook his head. “Tony, you can’t blame that on yourself. I mean-"
They all piled into the car, sitting in silence as the drove to the Estate. They could all tell that Steve was in deep thought, trying to figure out the point of the attack, and no one wanted to be the one to break his concentration. As they pulled up to the Estate, they all made quick work to move to the house, eager to rest after the stressful experience. “Wait until you meet Tony, Nat," Clint smiled slightly, pushing open the front door and walking in. “Hey, Tony, Loki, we’re back."
Toni knew little about Steve’s past, but there was one thing she was sure of: Joseph Rogers was a sore topic for the blonde. She knew little of his father other than hearsay, seeing as he operated the Rogers family business long before Toni came to the scene, but the general consensus was that the old man was drunk with an inability to handle money and a heavy hand. She didn’t know what made her poke at that wound, but Toni had come to believe that, with her enemies (and she fully recognized Steve as her enemy), it was easier to hit them first before they hit you. And she and Steve
“There was blood in the back of it, and, as far as I know, Bucky was the only one definitely shot at that event. So for now, it’s a good assumption,” Steve snarled, pressing one finger against the desk as he pushed on his accusation. “And you tell me. The SUV was in your father’s territory.”
The boss huffed thoughtfully, fingers tapping on the polished wood of the table. “Send in Donovan and Ramirez. They’ll be paying Mr. Stark a little visit.”
Steve nodded, stepping away from the windows and over to lean against the counter beside his husband. Water bottles, three cans of chili, a bottle of ibuprofen- “You really hit the jackpot there,” Steve commented, tugging gently on the hem of Bucky’s shirt. “You should take that off and let it dry. Temperature’s going to be dropping soon and the last thing we need is one of us getting sick.”
"Now I think there’s more to it than that, Anthony," The boss hit a button on the keyboard and now Tony was shown a picture of different rooms in the Estate, including the kitchen, gym, lab and living room. “Two days ago, while you all where enjoying your movie night, Loki planted bombs in each of these rooms." Tony stiffened immediately and the boss grinned. “I believe you just admitted to having a connection with Rogers. Now I think you know what I’m suggesting here, Anthony."
Steve sighed and rubbed his face, looking to Bucky. “Get Loki down into the basement." He ordered, looking around. Clint was still fussing over Bruce while Phil laid back on a examination table, rubbing his arm. What the hell was happening around them? Tony being kidnapped and bombs? “Everyone just get some rest. We’ll regroup tomorrow, alright? Phil, I want you to take some time off and just rest at home. Clint, make sure Bruce get’s to bed. If Thor comes home, you keep him as far away from the basement as you can."
“It’s great to see you. If I had known you were stopping by, I would’ve pushed back my plans,” Toni admitted, opening the door wider to the man in invitation. “But I was just about to go meet with Rhodey. Is there anything I can do for you?”
In fact, Toni was going to make a point to comment on the house’s horrendous security as she stalked up the front walk and through the front door with no resistance. Hell, a brief flash of her ID and a quick glance at the license plate on her father’s town car was all it took for Toni to pass the guards at the front gate on the driveway.
affected,” Rhodey soothed, tucking a stray hair behind her ear.
Toni shook her head. “You’re going to get yourself killed with that I-need-to-save-everyone mentality.”
Unaware of how much time had passed, Toni nearly jolted when a hand brushed her shoulder and Justin was blocked from dragging her further across the dance floor. Toni tilted her head up, meeting the crystal blue eyes of a blonde man. His tuxedo was sharp and fitted, hinting at broad shoulders and strong arms beneath the fabric. He wore a boyish grin that could have anyone weak in the knees, though Toni could tell by his darting gaze that he was analyzing every aspect of what was before him. “May I cut in?”
Tony frowned deeper. “That guy…you sent that guy to my house!"
“Fine.”
A bright red line cut through each word, followed by an arrow pointing to Tuesday of next week.
. Someone shot him and took him and I have no idea where the hell he is. Happy?”
“You know, that’s the second time this night you’ve been caught lost in thought.”
"Not today, asshole," Clint sneered as he tackled Justin to the ground, yanking his arms behind his back. “We need to have a chat, Hammer."
Tony laughed, minimizing the codes and pulling up his designs. “That’s nothing, these are all my designs from buildings to computers to even things like weapons.”
It was a gauntlet, its sleek metal frame glimmering under the lights of the lab. Tony slowly slid his hand inside, watching the lightweight metal swallow his arm halfway up his forearm. It clicked into place, fitting snugly against his skin as the repulsor in the center of his palm lit to an idle glow. It was amazing, really, almost like an extension of his arm. Tony turned towards the glass panel that separated half the lab, his metallic fist clenching as he spied his reflection staring back.
The woman turned to look at Bucky over her shoulder, offering a tired smile before she turned her attention back to the contents of the fridge. “Barnes. Want some cold pizza?”
. Now, the world was just silent, besides the occasional survivor and the groans of the undead-
Now, Steve was an honest man, just as his mother had raised him. His father would swear up and down that the truth was the best and only form of currency. And if his father’s wisdom wasn’t enough inspiration, Steve could always count on getting his father’s belt to help knock the lesson into him. But Steve was with a different crowd tonight; the people at this party, most importantly the Starks, played by different rules. This may be his one and only chance with Howard, and if he had to lie in order to keep his interest? Then Steve would do it. He needed this deal.
Toni looked back to the road, quiet for a long moment as she digested his words. Finally, she gave a jerky nod. “You’re right. I was sure dad wasn’t involved, I was just afraid…” Toni cleared her throat and straightened out. Sure that he had sufficiently calmed some of her nerves, Bucky leaned back into his seat with a groan. “We should really be taking you to a hospital.”
Steve rolled his eyes, turning to Tony. “Sorry about him. Bucky’s….Bucky. Clint’s room is right beside yours and mine is across the hall. If you need anything, just holler,” Steve said, moving to the door. He paused, glancing back to Tony with a teasing grin. “Sure you’re okay, Princess?”
“I’m sure you did,” Toni cooed, as if to indulge his sentiments. “But my father wants those contracts by the end of the day, so if you wouldn’t mind hurrying it up; I’d hate for us both to have the misfortune of my father sending me back here to retrieve the paperwork later on.”
“Resting. Our doctor got the bullet out and there’s no sign of infection yet,” Natasha confirmed, before she paused again. “Steve won’t admit it, but I want you to know that he is grateful for what you did. He’s been falling apart these past few days and now that Barnes is back, he’ll be thinking clearly.”
“You’re a Stark,” he breathed.
“Im heading out for the night, kid.” Clint said as he padded into the living room, finding Tony sitting on the couch, studying his computer screen. He let out a sigh, nudging Tony. “Come on,Tone, say something. You cant sit around here and ignore me forever. You’ll forgive me eventually.”
The blonde had a phone to one ear, brow furrowed and lips bared in a snarl as he barked off orders. “Nat, I want everyone looking
sounded better.
Bruce learns a bit more about Clint and Tony's relationship while Tony and Bucky try to contact the others.
Steve nodded, looking over his group of his most trusted men. “Make sure everyone is ready to go by seven-thirty tomorrow night. We will make this as clean and as quiet of a fight as we can. Am I understood?”
“How is he?”
Ty’s expression remained passive, but he did turn to face her better. “Why’s that?”
Justin huffed, but any retort died on his tongue when Clint gave one of his broken fingers a sharp tug. “I wont.”
Bucky waved his hand at her, shaking his head and pushing himself up. “She’s a lost cause, Stevie. Don’t waste your breath,” he muttered, offering his hand to the blonde. “Let’s get some sleep.”
Tony frowned, stepping close towards the entrance. He already had a bad feeling in his gut, and by the pleas for help coming from the alley, it only got worse. He swallowed, slowly stepping out into view and gasping at the sight before him. There, illuminated by the moonlight, was the poor bound man that had been dragged out of the car, crying out as a red-headed woman kneed him in the stomach.
"Well than good. We're on the same page," Obadiah hissed, raising his pistol and aiming for Clint's forehead.
“Exactly.”
Bucky walked up and squatted behind Tony, placing his hands on his shoulders. “Don't worry, Tony, I’ll protect you from the big bad guys,” he teased, sending a look to the others.
"Well I’m sure that if he set them all off, Obadiah must be on very thin nerves right now. He isn’t going to tolerate much more." Loki said thoughtfully, tapping the arms of the chair.
Tony moved his lips eagerly against Steve’s, feeling all that pent up tension and frustration from early escape as he felt Steve slowly run his tongue along Tony’s lower lip, asking for entrance. Tony willingly parted his lips, nearly squeaking as Steve lifted him onto the counter by his hips. Tony had a better angle now that he was up to Steve’s height, tilting his head as Steve’s tongue moved into his mouth, tasting every inch that it could.
The boss nodded patiently. “That I did, Anthony. You see, I recently figured out that you are under Steve Rogers’ protection. Am I correct?"
, who has been lying to her for who knows how long and-
No, of course the great Steve Rogers was too proud to thank her. Toni didn’t need gratitude for saving Bucky, but she also knew how unwilling Steve must be to give it. “I’m fine,” Toni looked down over her sundress, the blue fabric stained with dark splotches of red here and there. “That’s not my blood. It was from helping Bucky carry his weight.”
Tony woke the next morning in the lab, back hunched over the table he had been working at with the start of a circuit system cradled in his hand. Letting out a small groan as he stood, Tony stretched and winced, rubbing at his back. Setting down the wires he had been tampering with, Tony glanced over to the screen on the wall, studying the three remaining cameras. What if Bruce and the other man were dead? It was all Tony’s fault.
“Congrats?” Toni huffed, making a face. “So what, you don’t want help because you think you have your answers?”
Bucky didn’t have to ask why and he didn’t, simply nodding and taking the flashlight with him. Steve turned back to the girl, taking up her hand again and holding it tight. “I know you’re not doing so hot, but Bucky and I are going to take care of you. I promise.” She looked so doubtful and unsure of his statement that Steve almost faltered. She really couldn’t bring herself to trust him, after all they’ve done for her. What had happened in her past? “Toni, look at me. Hey,” Steve insisted, taking her chin. “I don’t know who hurt you before, but Buck and I? We’ll never do that. We brought you this far, we only intend on helping you further.”
“No,” Rhodey started, “You were comfortable with him and you felt safe, and he took that away from you. You trusted him because you knew him and he was predictable, and he wasn’t supposed to change your world in any meaningful way. I know you, Toni, you value safety and feeling in control and he took that from you.”
The benefit was winding down in the late evening, patrons leaving the museum in larger and larger clumps. He had survived his brief talk with Howard, discussing security strategies to promote more of a presence to his underlings. Stealing off the top wouldn’t even cross their minds from now on. It wasn’t nearly as embarrassing as he had feared, despite Stone’s smug involvement in the discussion. As his primary business partner, Howard had a right to be concerned about issues in Steve’s operations, however small. Toni had rejoined the group just as Howard excused them, claiming that he unfortunately had other business partners to woo that night. And as Howard placed a hand on Toni’s shoulder and guided her and Ty away towards their own table, Steve swore he saw Toni glance over her shoulder and give him a strange look.
"Good, lets get the Hell out of here," Steve grumbled, nodding to Rhodey and Dugan before immediately moving back to the entrance, fighting through the last of the guards and the fleeing workers.
The front door slammed shut, two familiar bodyguards coming into view before her father was rounding the corner into the lounge. Toni and Steve were on their feet immediately. His eyes found Toni’s and he huffed in relief. “Steve called me the moment Bucky got off the phone with him. Are you alright?”
"Shit!" Justin’s eyes widened and he immediately took off towards the car but Clint and Steve were quicker.
A chorus of “Yes, Captain” filled the room.
Did I say passive-aggressive? I meant not-so-subtle aggression.
Steve wasn’t far behind Clint as the two moved up the stairs quickly, heading straight for Tony’s room. “Tony?” Clint called out, tensing at the sound of shattering glass coming from the bedroom. He threw the door open, stepping into the room with gun ready, glancing around. The window was shatter, glass splayed out across the carpet while Tony sat alone on his bed, breathing in shakily.
“I wanted to make sure you were okay and I wanted to talk to you,” Steve frowned, sliding a finger under Tony’s chin and turning the billionaire’s head to face him.
“I’ll kill them,” Clint snapped, looking down to Tony and kissing his brother’s forehead. “We can’t stay here anymore. It isn’t safe. They know Tony’s somehow involved with us.”
Toni shrugged with an indifference that was too tense and practiced to be genuine. “I was fine. We were just bickering. But I can understand if you were hurt by the sentiments I expressed.”
“I’m not,” Bucky said truthfully, glancing at her for a moment before tossing a can of soup in beside her and pushing the cart forward. “We’re stuck together for the foreseeable future, and I don’t think it’s particularly unreasonable for me to want to get to know someone who will be traveling with us.”
The memories hit him like a brick; he remembered Steve’s call, everyone leaving, Loki giving him the coffee that made him go unconscious. “You asshole!" Tony snapped, glaring at Loki. “You drugged me!"
Bucky hummed and finished his plate, handing it to Clint before grabbing Tony around the waist. “Come on, Tony. Let’s go pick out a movie.” He smirked, pulling Tony from the kitchen and making Steve’s hands clench with a huff.
Bucky still looked lost as he watched Tony’s thumb slide down the lists of codes. “Well what will that do for us?" Bucky asked, leaning over Tony’s shoulder.
Neither party seemed willing to give an answer, and Bucky glared Steve down until the man finally huffed in exasperation. “Ms. Stark was dropping off contracts for her father,” he muttered, slowly sinking back into his chair.
“All things that I want to do, once I have my importation and distribution operations under control. I just lost one of my partners for an undetermined amount of time while he focuses on family. He was in charge of getting my product into the city and to my distributers,” Steve explained.
How was she going to protect herself from them? How was she going to walk out of this on top?
. She knew the face beneath. Time felt as if it had slowed down, and no matter how quick she moved, it didn’t feel fast enough. She closed the cellar door silently behind her and descended the steps, breath caught in her throat as her pace slowed to a stop before the restrained figure. Anticipation buzzed in Toni’s limbs, a sick kind of dread settling in her stomach. That same twist in the gut that came with expecting bad news or watching someone get injured badly. She reached one hand forward delicately, fingers wavering as they bunched in the dark cloth and tugged the sack from the captive’s head in one quick jerk. Blue eyes met brown and, for a moment, they could only stare at each other. It was Bucky who broke the silence.
Bucky nodded once, jaw set in determination. Toni opened the cellar door slowly, pushing Bucky up the last two steps before she joined him in the hallway. Turning, she made sure Raza was still unconscious on the floor before she closed the door and locked it. There was the sounds of movement coming from the sitting room, footsteps and the clinking of a drinking glass as it was set down on the bar. Toni’s arm wrapped around Bucky’s waist, putting herself between him and Ty’s inevitable line of sight from the door opening. Bucky’s hand curled around her shoulder, and Toni was sure it was more of a sign of support rather than the need of assistance. They took it one step at a time, careful to keep their feet on the plush rug that lined the hallway to keep silent. The closer they approached Ty’s whereabouts, the harder Toni’s heart thudded in her chest. White hot anger coursed through her at the thought of what he’s done, but now wasn’t the time to confront him. Bucky was the priority, Bucky who looked like he was trying very hard to hide his labored breathing.
As she moved towards the bedroom door, Steve called out to her. “And if you ever drug me again, Natasha, my anger will be reflected in your pay.”
Steve, bless his heart, stood and moved over to Thor, touching his shoulder. “Careful, Thor, you’re squishing him,” Steve said lightly, but with a note of concern.
Downstairs, Clint was consumed in fear, not for himself, but for his little brother. Steve drove Clint home, only for them to find the front door kicked open and a man snooping through the downstairs. It had only taken a second upon seeing him for Clint to put a bullet between his eyes. Clint didn’t care to question the man; his main focus was finding Tony.
Ty stepped out of the closet, and Toni looked over her shoulder expecting to meet his gaze, but he was examining himself in the full-body mirror on the back of the closet door. “My father. You know how he’s been with the retirement. I was letting him know we were going to be out for the night. How was your afternoon meeting?”
“So this kid is under Rogers protection, huh?”
Clint laughed, taking his own seat and lifting his glass of water, taking a slow sip. “Years of practice with Tony,” he teased.
“Fine,” Tony shrugged, moving to the door.
Tony huffed, sending a short glare to Bucky. “Easy for you to say, everything that happens to the others is counting on my actions. If I make a mistake, the bombs explode. If I do everything perfectly, my weapons will kill them all."
Bucky didn’t have to be told twice, snatching the doorknob and shoving the door open. His intrusion didn’t seem to disturb either one of the yelling occupants, both standing from their chairs and leaning over the large desk to get in one another’s face. Bucky made his way towards the desk, glowering the entire way. First, he has to chase a dirty manager down from a five story apartment, and now he’s reduced to a fucking babysitter. “Alright, that’s enough!” Bucky’s hand smacked against the desk hard, drawing the two from their glaring match with a harsh jerk. “What the fuck is going on here?”
Steve takes a deep breath and then launches into one of the most bizarre stories Tony has ever heard. Apparently, the super soldier serum not only gave Steve enhanced healing abilities, it also passed that property onto his body fluids. Including his semen. Tony can’t even think of a clever innuendo as Steve goes on to briefly explain how he’d discovered this fact by accident during the war. Needless to say, it had been life-saving for the Howlies.
Bruce hesitated before asking, “Is something going on between you and Steve?”
Tony’s eyes darted toward the locker rooms like he expected Natasha to jump out any second now. “Wouldn’t want to get on Big Green’s bad side,” he mumbled. His shoulders slumped forward for a moment before he recollected himself and turned toward Steve.
By the time it reached his entrance, Steve was moaning, sweat running down the side of his face. He was riding a fine line between pleasure and pain to the point that he wasn’t sure he could tell the difference between them anymore. All he knew was that he wanted more as he kept straining his muscles.
“Good, good,” Tony said in a soothing tone. “Almost done, champ. You’re doing so well for me. Taking so much like this.” He was still gently stroking the stretched skin of Steve’s abdomen. “Getting so big like this. Damn, you’re really something else.”
Tony. “I think I’m starting to understand this a bit better.”
A few moments later, Steve came with a soft moan, his release somewhat decreased compared to the last few orgasms, but still more than would be considered normal. As Steve panted into the pillow, his hands gripping the bed sheets tightly, he waited until he was settled enough to get out a full sentence.
“Of course not,” Tony assured him. “These have already proven safe in clinical trials. I’m just tweaking them a bit for this.”
“Wait, what?”
Steve shut his eyes and glanced away. He couldn’t stand to have Tony look at him like that. Shame rose up in him, which somehow only aroused him more. His already over sensitized cock hardened even further in the alien’s grasp. He let out a moan despite himself.
Tony’s eyes were half-lidded as he glanced between Steve’s face and his ass. “I might have to record this some time. Fuck, you’re gorgeous.”
Steve’s gaze flicks up to Tony. He looks relaxed despite how out of place he is on the old couch. It’s still hard to believe he’s serious. Part of Steve wonders if he’s dreaming. As he’s considering his reply, he remembers what Bucky said a week ago.
“You, uh… work here?”
“Sure,” Tony finally says.
Tony hummed against the skin between Steve’s shoulder blades. “One of these days I’m going to figure out how to crack that supersoldier libido of yours.”
“May I suggest taking a nap before you continue on your project?”
The first time Steve comes, he pushes forward hard and groans. Tony can feel Steve’s cock pulse against his inner walls, it’s so intense. He bites down on a moan as Steve’s orgasm keeps going, his cock continuing to fill Tony up deep inside. It’s probably the serum, Tony thinks to himself, as he pushes back a little and stretches out on the musty sheets. The last thing he expected when this day began was to be getting it up the ass from Steve, but after everything that’s happened… he can’t really complain.
“Is there something on my face?” Tony asks.
When they stopped in Akihabara to transfer to another train line, Steve noticed Tony stop dead in his tracks. Following his line of sight, Steve caught sight of a ton of signs for electronic stores and even a giant department store boasting their electronics department. Tony’s eyes were wide like a kid who’d just discovered a candy store.
Chuckling, Tony moved his hand down to grip Steve’s chin. “Please what? This isn’t enough for you already?” Steve watched Tony’s gaze trail down to the alien writhing against his chest and further down, to his red, oversensitive cock. “You really are insatiable, Cap.”
“Yeah…” Steve answers absently, as he trails his fingers down Tony’s ass to the back of his thighs. “Liking it a lot.” He moves his hands back up and squeezes the firm cheeks a bit. That earns him a nice, long moan as a fresh coat of slick rushes out of Tony’s entrance. “You’re so perfect,” Steve blurts out without even thinking about it.
“Yeah,” Steve agrees. “Let’s leave it at that for now.”
Tony raised an eyebrow. If this guy wasn’t after his organs, he could at least find out what was going on. “Plans?”
One hand on the railing, Steve leans forward and moves his other hand down to Tony’s stomach and—oh, oh God. There’s an unmistakable curve to his belly, the skin taut and tender. Steve always comes a lot, even for an alpha, but this much is a hell of a lot more than usual. Like his body can’t get enough of Tony and has to keep going, keep filling his omega—claiming him. As Steve’s hand moves over the warm, distended area, he’s overcome with a wave of possessiveness. He leans forward over Tony’s back, bringing his hand down to embrace him.
Bruce didn’t seem impressed as he leaned against the table. “Tony… are you still punishing yourself over what happened in the lab while I was out?”
Tony thinks it over a bit more. This will probably make things awkward between them. That’s a problem for future Tony, though. Maybe it’s the fever making him a bit loopy, but he does trust Steve. The man wouldn’t lie, not even about something that sounds as ridiculous as this. Tony is naturally impatient, anyway, so the idea of speeding up his recovery so that he can whip up a better way to get them out of here quickly is also very appealing.
“Perfect,” Tony practically purred. Steve nearly jumped when he felt Tony’s finger prod the base of the plug. “Though we both know you can fit much, much bigger in you, don’t we?”
“Will do, buddy.” Tony did his best to smile in what he hoped was at least a partially convincing manner. “And I’ll get back to you on that polymer ASAP!”
“Steve,” Tony cuts in. “That was some of the best sex I’ve had in my life.” He waves his hand as though to dismiss any of Steve’s worries. “You seem like a great guy. Great nesting instincts, too.”
Steve went easily, allowing himself to be pushed until his back hit the front of the table. He pushed himself up onto it automatically, leaving Tony standing in the vee of his hips. That also meant that Tony had a nice view of the bulge in his sweatpants.
“Hi,” Steve said, his tone flat. He could feel his face flushing.
As much as Tony knows it’s true, he hates hearing Steve say it. Moving means pain and while he’s no stranger to pain, he really was enjoying his resting spot. He manages to raise his arms a bit. “As much as I hate to ask, I think I’m gonna need an assist here, Cap.”
“You two argue like a married couple.” Natasha shrugged lightly.
“Not my first rodeo,” Tony grumbles.
He glances over to the dull red glow of the fireplace. Even with the fire dying down, Tony feels toasty and comfortable. He brings his other hand down to run over the swell of his abdomen and groans with pleasure. He feels so warm and full, safe and taken care of despite the fact that they’re in a cabin in god knows nowhere.
“This is comfy,” Tony says in a cheerful tone after sitting down on the couch. He raises an eyebrow at Steve. “Well? I don’t bite, I swear.” Tony gives Steve a smile, all white, straight teeth.
“Oh shut up.” Steve rolled Tony over so that he was on top of him. “Look, can we agree that we’ve both been idiots over the past few days?”
He progressed slowly through the rest of the lab, going from room to room. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary until he hit the fourth connected room. There were shattered bits of glass on the floor surrounding what used to be a containment chamber. Some thick, clear fluid tinged with green was leaking from the broken chamber down toward the floor in the same vicinity as the broken glass.
“Steve!”
Steve couldn’t help laughing. He motioned for Tony to follow him as he went for the trash area. “Are you kidding? This is Japan. If someone found it, chances are good that they reported it.” He couldn’t help a grin at how Tony still looked skeptical.
“We can’t keep doing this.”
Steve pulled him close. “And you’re hot when you’re planning ridiculous things like putting nanites in my rear.” He cut off Tony’s laughter as he kissed him.
“We drag him out of his workshop kicking and screaming.”
He’s halfway through his glass of water when he hears the knock again; this time far more insistent. Annoyed, he sets the glass down and heads for the door. He undoes the locks and opens the door, getting ready to chase off whichever idiot has decided to stop by his door on a Friday night.
Steve felt his face warm up at Natasha’s obvious implication. “Come on, Nat…”
That gets Tony’s attention. He shifts against Steve’s chest so that he can ask, “You’ve done this a lot?”
Whomever he was, he must’ve had money, Steve surmised as he started to scoot back toward the capsule he’d reserved for the night. The suit he’d been using to drag the guy around looked like it was tailored and probably worth more than Steve made in two months at the very least. The shoes looked just as fancy and were shined to perfection except for some scuffs probably incurred while walking around the city.
Tony shrugged as he put 500 yen into the machine’s slot. “Kind of. But they’re not that bad if you know what you’re doing.”
“You feel so goddamn good,” he murmured into Steve’s skin as he mouthed his way along his neck.
The other end still holding his still rock-hard cock against its underbelly writhed against him, as though rewarding him for his efforts. He moaned as he continued to hold his legs open. It wasn’t long before he felt the creature’s legs delve between his ass cheeks; some of them spreading him as others delved deeper toward his entrance.
“Wait, Nat. We just got started.”
It seemed that Tony noticed as his eyes trailed down. “Already getting into it, huh?” His expression turned devious. “You really are a needy little cock slut, aren’t you?”
“Tony,” Steve said through gritted teeth. His usually plentiful patience was starting to wear thin.
Tony shook his head. “Of course not. Just… working on making sure it can’t happen again. Taking precautions.”
“Fuck, can’t wait to feel you.” Tony pushed forward to take Steve’s mouth again in another kiss.
, somehow. Like he’s found something he never even realized he’d been missing in the first place.
“Mmm,” Tony hummed as he lightly caressed the bulge in Steve’s abdomen. “You feel that? I bet you do.” He chuckled, his voice low. “Hell, you can even
He was surprised when Tony brought a crazy straw to his lips. It seemed like a bit much, but he was grateful all the same. Steve savored the sensation of Tony running his fingers through his hair as he emptied the bottle. After Tony took the straw away, he let Steve rest for a bit before he came back to the table and patted his knee to get his attention.
As Steve’s heading for his room, he hears Bucky call out, “Go get ‘em, Stevie!”
He practically carries Tony to what turns out to be a lumpy cot on the other side of the small room. After he carefully sets Tony down, there’s a rustling noise which Tony assumes is from him gathering his supplies. He returns a minute later and sits down on the mattress next to Tony.
“Gesundheit, Sir.”
Steve mirrored her. “No need to worry about me.”
He had expected to spend Christmas by himself when he’d planned this whole trip. And sure, it would’ve been lonely, but he’d told himself he could live with that. Yet somehow he’d crossed paths with Tony, one of the most amazing people he’d ever met. The past day almost seemed like a dream. The wreaths and ribbons and other assorted Christmas decorations all over Akihabara only added to the dream-like feel of everything. It wasn’t that he felt like he was at home, though. Rather, it was an exciting mix of nostalgia and excitement for something new and the joy of having someone to share it with.
From this angle, it was hard to tell what was going on, exactly. Unfortunately, the audio filled him in on anything he was missing visually. Steve’s comm was still on, which meant that every moan, yell, and enthusiastically uttered expletive was perfectly audible. He now knew what it sounded like when Steve came. Heck, he now knew what Steve sounded like when he had several orgasms in succession.
That left Steve to bend down, get his arms around his shoulders and haul him up. He wasn’t that heavy and Steve hadn’t lost much of the muscle he’d built up while in the army. Still, it wasn’t exactly easy going on the stairs. By the time they got to the third floor and the door opened with Steve’s keycard, he was just glad to be able to rest for a second.
“Have you even slept since we last talked?”
The other occupant of this strange prison moved closer into Tony’s limited field of vision. In this light, the man’s eyes looked very, very blue. His blond hair framed his face almost like a halo. This couldn’t be the afterlife, could it?
“Fine,” the man said stubbornly as he reached up and tried to grab for the bottle. His hand missed by a few inches before falling back to his side.
Steve presses a soft kiss against his forehead. “Go to sleep. You’ll need some rest. And then we can work on getting out of here.”
Once the cloud of snow has cleared, Tony finds himself lying on the white blanketed ground, staring up at the sky. At least he was able to cover his unarmored companion, he tells himself as he catches his breath. He’d check on Steve if he could. But hey, Steve can fend for himself. Tony just needs to rest for a second. The cold snow is soothing on his back. Best not to think about that too much, though. He slowly closes his eyes…
me,” he said to himself as he gave up all propriety and practically broke the zipper getting his pants open.
“Well, uh… I’m starving, how about you?” he said as he glanced around for any restaurant signs.
Sighing, Steve finally uncurls and starts to sit up. He still can’t bring himself to look Bucky in the eye, though. Instead, he focuses on the crappy wallpaper on the opposite wall. “I know I can, Buck. It’s just… this is really goddamned stupid, okay?”
“Yes,” Steve replies, his voice muffled.
He was covered in sweat, and even that felt different. It was like he could feel each and every droplet across his skin as he relaxed in the creature’s embrace.
Neither of them were interested in shopping, but Tony insisted on heading into an arcade they passed by. It was noisy and full of screens and flashing lights. To his surprise, though, Tony walked past the video game machines toward a different area filled with glass cases.
“Right… Well, I don’t think the creature was necessarily hostile. Given what little information I’ve been able to gather, I think it uses that pheromone to attract a mate. Whatever its species biological makeup is, it can handle its effects far better than any human…” Bruce drifted off and shook his head. “Er, nevermind. What’s important is that I didn’t see it attack Tony. He seemed very… agitated as he engaged with it, to be honest.”
“Whoa, when’d you get here?”
Tony raises an eyebrow at him. “Well, I seem to be recovered. So get up on here.” He checks the cabin’s single window on the other side of the door. There’s nothing but white outside, which means the blizzard is still going. He scoots back on the cot and raises the blanket in invitation. “Come on. And take off that uniform. It’s gotta be uncomfortable by now.”
obvious.
Bruce held his hands up as though anticipating a different reaction. “Though honestly, I don’t mind. Your safety is far more important than getting a sample of the creature.”
that, but because he seems like a nice enough person. If Tony was in a better state of mind, he’d appreciate it more. Right now, though, there’s other things about the man he appreciates. Tony’s eyes drift to the man’s slacks and he can’t help wondering what this guy is packing. It’s gotta be proportional, right?
His expression softened. “I’m still going to take the extra precautions to make sure this doesn’t happen again.”
Tony flinched for a second, then glanced away quickly. “Well, sure, but… I lost my wallet and that’ll make things a bit of a pain in the ass.” He rested his head on his hand against the window. “Would rather put off dealing with all of that.”
“Um, I’m not sure.” Steve glances around, as though that’ll help him. “You said the problem’s pretty bad, right? So probably at least an hour or two.”
“I don’t blame you.” He winks, and then his gaze drops lower. “Damn, you must be huge.”
“Oh.” Tony stepped back to give him space, but Steve reached out toward his shoulder to stop him.
Steve meets his eyes, brows drawn and worry written all over his face, but he does as he’s told. To his credit, Tony doesn’t scream or even yell—there’s a moment of agony when Steve initially tears off the back plate and pieces of the undersuit with it. He mostly just groans as Steve moves him to a soft surface and removes the rest of the top part of the undersuit.
“I’m so sorry, Mr. Rogers,” the receptionist says sincerely. “I’m afraid something came up at the last second and the final portion of your interview today has been cancelled.”
The alien creature was intricately wrapped around Steve like some kind of bizarre art installation. Its long body curved around the back of his neck and wrapped around his arms so as to keep them behind his back. From there it snaked down his back and wrapped around both of his thighs, holding his legs open. Tony lost track of the creature as it wrapped impossibly around Steve. He couldn’t see where it started or where it ended, though that hardly seemed to matter at the moment. Because like this, Steve was perfectly on display for Tony. His legs were spread so wide that his ass cheeks were spread apart. The creature seemed to have even been gracious enough to get Steve prepared. It was obscene, really, how much Steve’s asshole gaped as a clear liquid dripped out of it. Tony was hard in his slacks already.
That did get Steve thinking, though. He hadn’t seen Tony since the whole incident transpired, and he was starting to feel uneasy. JARVIS had simply told him that he was busy with work for SI, but the way that Tony had shut himself up in the lab for over 24 hours now without checking on Steve was odd, even for him.
Once the shades are off, Steve realizes who it is. “Mr. Stark?!”
“Uh, I think you’re on the wrong floor,” Steve offered politely.
The man shrugged. “A capsule hotel. I found you passed out on the second floor trying to break into the woman’s area and get yourself arrested. You said you’d lost your keycard, so I did the only thing I could think of.”
Tony rubbed his eyes. He was starting to feel the amount of hours of sleep he’d been skipping. “It’s not that.”
Tony looks down at Bruce’s hand, then across the table. Meeting Bruce’s eyes, he admits, “Yeah, you’re right.”
“That’s it,” Tony said encouragingly. And then Steve felt Tony’s fingers against his hole and suddenly the egg was halfway out, much faster than the previous two had gone. “Just helping you out here a little, okay?”
“It’s fine, Tony. I… I’ve really enjoyed this, too, you know.”
“Something like that…” Steve could feel his face heating up. “Hope the hangover hasn’t hit you too hard.”
Steve smiled up at him. “I
“Finally awake?” Tony’s voice was gentle.
He let out another sigh. “Guess I’ll have to ask Tony to build something even sturdier.”
This was Steve’s second year in Japan working as an assistant language teacher for a government program he’d entered after finishing his last deployment in the US Army. Art school was too expensive, and this was a way for him to send money back home to help his friend Bucky out with his medical problems.
His tongue felt heavy. So Steve nodded instead.
Tony’s smile was soft and unspeakably fond. “I’ll take it into consideration.”
“Well, I was going to solicit your feedback on that new polymer we’ve been working on for a prototype that the big guy won’t just tear to pieces, but I think that can wait…?”
Tony just stared for a moment as it dawned on him that Steve didn’t know who he was. He remembered when he’d succeeded his father as head of the company, news and popular magazines wouldn’t shut up about him. Yet here was this guy he’d found halfway across the world who had no earthly idea who he was. And he still wanted to hang out with him for some reason.
“We don’t have to do this if you don’t want to, honey.” Tony ran a hand up Steve’s arm. “I’ll admit, I got caught up in the excitement, but we can table this for another time.”
Steve lay there on the mat, stunned and in disbelief for a few moments, before he regained his wits. Natasha had been talking to someone, which meant that she wasn’t doing this alone. He had no reason to distrust her and could only assume this really was a prank. Who could she have planned this with? Clint and Thor were out of town, which only left…
things like that. It isn’t good for my heart.”
“Huh.” There was a pause that felt ominous to Steve.. “Can’t believe I didn’t think of this earlier! It just might work…”
Tony didn’t waste any time pushing his cock past the back of Steve’s mouth. Steve groaned when he felt the head of Tony’s cock enter his throat.
“Well, could’ve done worse, I guess,” Tony mumbles to himself. Steve was pretty damned hot. It wasn’t like they’d talked much, but he’d
“Relax,” he heard Tony say again as the egg pushed through his hole.
The man glances away before answering, “It got cut short at the last second, actually.” He shrugs. “Hoping to get called back soon, though.”
“Mhmm.” Natasha stepped past Steve to head for the other side of the gym. She turned back toward him. “We should spar.”
Hopping off the table, Steve adjusted his shirt that had ridden up a bit. As relieved as he was, something else was bothering him.
Tony blinks a few times. That definitely isn’t what he was expecting. “I’d tell you that you should’ve brought this up ages ago if this is some super secret strategy of yours?”
“What?” Bucky shrugs. “You said he was fine with it. I don’t see the problem. Is it kind of random? Yeah. But I mean, shit like that happens. You hear it on the news sometimes.”
“Mr. Stark?” A voice calls out.
throw in the towel?”
Tony held out his hands in front of him, palms up. “No clue. You’ve been here longer than me. I’ll follow you.”
There was a loud shout that he realized belatedly must’ve come from him as he strained against his bonds in his throes of ecstasy. By the time the aftershocks of pleasure had passed, he glanced down to see even more of a mess on his stomach. And to his surprise, he’d managed to push the second egg out.
Tony sat back in his chair. “Yes, honeybear?”
Steve did as he was told and focused on contracting his abdominal muscles. Another nice benefit of the serum was that he had more precise muscle control than most people. He wondered how difficult this would be, all things considered.
“Bring them up for me.”
Tony groans. “Fuck this shit. I am
getting distracted. He forces himself to finish off his whiskey, feeling it burn on the way down.
Tony pulled back to properly meet his eyes. “Shit, Steve. You’ll be the death of me.” He did his best to comply, the slick left by the alien easing his way.
Steve stepped back, too. He cursed his fair complexion as he felt his face rapidly grow warm. “So you saw everything, huh?” He hadn’t been sure how much Tony had seen, but JARVIS had said that Tony was carefully monitoring him the whole time. Other parts of him were taking notice, too, much to Steve’s horror. A distant part of his mind was now occupied with wondering what Tony had been thinking as he watched Steve back then.
think of how you can help me out.” His lips turn up in a suggestive smile.
“Shit,” he said before stopping. “It’s a sample we got from a HYDRA lab a few weeks ago. Couldn’t tell what it was, and Bruce was working on studying it. Camera footage shows that something broke out, but the angle is obscured.”
This was getting to be too much. Steve finally pulled away so he could turn around and really face Tony. Once he saw that thoughtful expression on Tony’s face, he knew this was trouble.
. Trying to think was just a distraction from how good everything felt. Even so, part of him knew it was important that he kept responding to Tony.
As they continued their walk down the large street on the lookout for restaurants, Steve could feel the big, goofy grin stretching across his face.
Shaking his head, Steve stands up and glances around. “I don’t like this. The snow’s picking up.”
“I saw. JARVIS says everything is good?”
He rubbed his wrists as he hesitantly met Tony’s eyes. “Thanks,” he said, sounding subdued even to his own ears.
“JARVIS, override 44308. Command: Unlock.”
“Now this is Christmas!” Tony exclaimed as he ran up to the tree.
Tony loved to tease Steve about his inexhaustible libido. Even after everything Dr. Erskine had explained to him about the effects of the super soldier serum, Steve had never considered that “peak of human perfection” would also apply to his sex life. He supposed there might be an evolutionary advantage to having almost no refractory period. But on an actual individual level, it was a goddamned pain to deal with. His hand alone was never enough to satisfy him. After waking up from the ice, one of his favorite things about the future was the sheer variety of sex toys available and all of the discreet ways to purchase them. And even then vibrating dildos only did so much for him.
Tony was always under pressure, but Steve hoped that this time, it wasn't because of him. He wanted to just pull Tony away and go to a spa and see that tension melt away from the brunette's shoulders.
He'd be doing this with
“It’s Tony,” Rhodey shrugged.
"Yeah, actually... they have a cute moment together and... and you can see how heartfelt Judy's apology is. You can see her heartbreak at the loss of a friendship that she actually found to be
Nat looked up, ecstatic. The light shone on her face and her smile grew as wide as the Atlantic Ocean.
And there the couple sat but the fire, content in each other’s company and enjoying sweet things while the rain continued its pitter-patter outside.
Steve huffed out a tiny little laugh at Tony's social insecurities. He always doubted inwardly whether he said the right thing or not when it came to those he loved. It was one of those traits you couldn't help but love once you got closer to the philanthropist and discovered the wonderful man beneath all of his facades.
Downstairs, Wanda was packing up the last of the food when Nat came back down to the kitchen. She looked around, frowning.
Tony giggled.
The vibrations rolling over Steve's body showed how much anger he tried to conceal.
“Don’t do that,” they heard Nat whisper. Her voice was thick with oncoming tears.
for you will need some convincing again-"
Landing on his floor, Steve went straight for the bathroom. He knew
was what he loved doing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?”
how much I
you. He loves you
He couldn't distinguish what was still real and what wasn't, but Tony was sure that once he saw his daddy, then everything would turn out all right!
He gently lifted the genius to his feet, noticing the pain shooting up Tony's body as he walked. Steve might not be a science genius like his boyfriend, but he wasn't stupid. Tony had told him of his father's drinking habits and he mused that this night must've been pretty bad.
“Come on then, Babydoll, let’s go reassure the others that you’re safe.”
"Alright, kotynok, how's about we make some of your favorite chocolate-chip pancakes and drown them in gallons loads of ice-cream?" Natasha widened her eyes dramatically and comically rubbed her stomach. She licked the corner of her mouth in a
He shuffled his feet anxiously, waiting for the lift, all the while feeling everyone’s curious stares following him.
“I love you,” Tony whispered, gazing into Steve’s eyes. The warm, brown colour hypnotic in the night.
Steve's eyes narrowed murderously, but, before he could say anything, Clint spoke up again, "Nat threatened to close the vents
"Really?" she asked skeptically.
*               *               *
Natasha froze, her eyes widening.
The thought of Tony waking up like that--so scared in his room - it just broke Steve's heart in two.
"Aw, there's nothing to apologize for, my Antoshka. You've been so good. You're so brave and smart. You make everyone
All the heaviness of sleep and anxiety finally crushed down on him. Tony couldn’t help a few cries escaping him. He clutched at Steve desperately not wanting to let go.
Tony let out a moan of ecstasy. Steve's tongue was relentless, pushing for dominance and Tony let him - he let himself go and trusted Steve completely. Steve felt the body beneath him finally drop off all tension and relaxed into Steve's touch. He smiled into the kiss and his heart felt so full.
He tentatively held his arms out, asking silently for a hug. Nat smiled warmly at Tony and pulled him into her arms, kissing his forehead.
Now, all that was left was to tell his mate!
happened. And I don't blame you, James," she smiled warmly. Blushing bashfully, Bucky held up the flowers, "I hope Tony isn't allergic to tulips. They always seemed to cheer me up when I was little."
Steve held on to Tony tighter and cradled his head, preciously, as he kissed him deeply.
Steve knew that look Tony gave him.
Tony still couldn’t think. His brain refused to work. It was in a glitch. It was like hitting a brick wall every time. Everything was so confusing.
Tony thought to himself bitterly,
Tony rubbed her arm reassuringly, "Well, I'm okay, so don't worry about me anymore. I've got a whole game-plan going: I'm gonna move back into the Tower, catch up on SI and-"
“I’ll stay with you,” the blonde stated plainly.
Steve's expression seemed to say,
Bruce gasped, blushing a deep, beetroot red as he stopped short in the doorway.
“Okay, okay. I’ll take care of Thor- you go help Clint and Nat with Tony,” Wanda turned to Bruce with a focused determination in her eyes. Bruce turned to Wanda, his long stare still focused on the events unfolding around him. His mind whirred a mile a minute. But when he looked into Wanda’s gaze, he nodded, getting it together. He shuffled along the sides of the kitchen until he reached Tony and Nat.
He saw how the stones had burned away Tony's skin; his armor glued and melted to his body.
She pointed to the waiting area, her face stoic as ever.
"Finished," Steve finally said, closing up the ointment.
The uncertainty remained there, but a strength lay underneath. A brave determination that always inspired Steve.
As Steve took a step over the threshold, Tony held out his arm in warning.
“Aw, no way, I-“ Tony laughed wetly. His favourite cereal and pudding and donuts were stocked up with Steve blushing brightly as he held them. The two shared a look; and a smile between them.
It could display a holographic message at Tony's touch: a miniature holographic Steve Rogers would appear, holding up a giant canvas with his words of love for Tony painted on it! The little holographic Steve would blow kisses at Tony as he displayed his artwork.
The dark cloud hanging over Natasha cleared a little when she saw Tony sound asleep in her room- curled up in the blankets like a pup. Nat smiled. She loved the omega dearly; to have Bruce say Tony was sick with A.D. worried her much. Without Steve, Tony’s body was going into overdrive. His complete submissiveness and quiet; his cycle being completely out of control and his constant nausea were only a few of the symptoms, Bruce had explained.
“Definitely not a first I would want,” Tony shook his head.
Settling together on the couch, Tony cuddled closer to feel his husband’s warmth like a blanket surrounding him on a winter’s night. Steve pecked a kiss on Tony’s head.
Stepping boldly in front of Thor, Wanda started weaving her fingers intricately through the air. Swirls of her red magic began to cloud Thor’s sight and his entire body swayed unsteadily. Never breaking focus, Wanda continued her spell as Thor stumbled on his feet, flailing out his arms to grab blindly at something stable. It was only a few more seconds until Wanda directed him to a kitchen chair where he collapsed not a moment later, snoring deep in sleep.
“You sure know the way to a man’s heart, My Captain,” Tony murmured drowsily, nuzzling Steve’s chest. Steve brought him closer, a secure warm mass against him.
incredibly sorry, Baby! I’m
“I love you too, Tony. I’ll make sure to clean up later, but make sure to get some sleep now, Kotynok,” she pulled him closer protectively, humming a soft lullaby as Tony’s breathing evened out and he fell into a deep sleep.
"I'll be yours forever!" Steve whispered once more as he leaned down again to capture Tony's lips into a deeper, more passionate and heated kiss!
you agreed to this mess, that is me, but this mess has
Blushing, Tony asked, "Um, will you- will you come again tomorrow? And… Could you- could you be there when I'm discharged? The team is gonna drop me off at the tower."
"What happened between you and Steve was his own fault. It was caused by nothing more than Alpha rage and pitiful manipulation. That's a problem for
She walked back into the living room and saw Tony slouching in the same position she left him.
"Tony," Steve murmured softly, "Look at me, please?"
Tony found himself smiling at the nickname and his heart throbbed with the love he had for the man above him.
“Okay, okay, just give me a minute,” Natasha’s hands began her rhythmic massage over Tony’s tummy. The contact calmed him some.
I'll explain why it had to be like this in the epilogue's notes.
Tony felt the tears fall against his face as Steve kissed him heartedly and his heart clenched. He clutched Steve's back to pull him closer.
“I’ll let you in on a secret, Antoshka,” she whispered, stroking his curls. Tony’s wide eyes blinked up at her.
A surprised chuckle bubbled from Steve’s chest. He wrung his hands together, still a little anxious. But he knew he owed it to himself to move on from this hurt. He owed it to Tony.
"Well, there's this whole theory that our DNA contains the same genes as this race called the Luminals- they contained elements of stardust that was left over after the merging of galaxies after the Big Bang. It's sacred. So… so that means our bond is… is unbroken. Sacred." The last words left on a hush from Tony's lips.
He was drawn to Tony. He was mesmerized.
"St-Ste-ee-ve! Please!..."
passed between them.
Steve looked into the deep chocolate pools of Tony's eyes and hitched in a breath.
The captain's eyes crinkled, his eyebrows furrowing as his whole face pinched in pain. He drew Tony back into his arms, letting the tired scientist rest in his grip.
“There he is. There’s my Honeybaby!” Steve cooed.
"We're working on that right now." Steve replied, albeit a little more sadly.
to calm down. His pupils were already so dilated, his eyes turned black. He was still scared and high on every emotion.
Waving Pepper goodbye, the walked back to the compound, Morgan between them. When she took a look at the statue of Tony, her expression was unreadable. Steve noticed though. And Nat gave him a look.
“Aw, you know, I’ve been meaning to brush up on my baking and just felt like surprising you. Now, tell me what you think.”
Tony knew he should have called; he had his phone with him and he thanked God that it survived the fall, but he didn't think to call on the way over.
I'm alive and here to update!!
Tony would never
Closing his eyes, Tony shook his head, “Please… please don’t say that to me if… if you’re going to use it against me, Steve. Or if you don’t really mean it. I just-”
Hey beautiful people!
He let that memory come forward. He let all that sadness behind come forward.
Nat and Tony, by this point, were trying their hardest to contain their laughter by biting on the their firsts while they helped to carry the snacks to the kitchen.
The tension was thick enough to cause some visitors to scrunch up their noses and leave the passage, the scent of Alpha pheromones high and sour.
Still, Tony felt the guilt and embarrassment flood his cheeks at arriving unannounced at their home so late.
was -?
“Only if you promise that you felt the same way,” her voice was possessive. Steve loved that. He loved that she still wanted to protect her dad’s feelings with dignity.
She cleared her throat and depened her voice an octave lower than Steve's to begin the mockery, "  '
He hummed once more, blissfully. "Mmmmm... Feels really good, Nat," he mumbled thickly.
He made his way towards the kitchen. The blonde sighed.
Steve's heart leapt.
“Well, then I’ve made just the thing to cheer you up! Now go on and change into something comfy. Take a shower, take a long bath and everything will be ready when you get back. Go on now, get!”
Steve's whole
Pulling back the covers, Steve made himself comfortable. When the bathroom door opened and he saw Tony shuffling his feet shyly, Steve wanted nothing more than to wrap the tiny man in his arms forever.
Natasha’s cock was already rock hard, so in one full thrust, she filled him up completely.
"I'm sorry that I just- I just turned up, I- I needed… I just needed you. I just needed you,
No, it would just be
Making his way back to the Merc, Tony quickly excused himself to talk to Nat.
*                *                 *
Tony thought fondly,
"Tony could use some help bandaging his wounds," she said into the silence, "You saw how his suit was shredded in battle; the bots even tore through his undersuit. The cuts are pretty bad."
With some reluctance from Pepper, but a bit of convincing from Nat, Steve hesitantly walked into Tony's room, feeling like a trespasser. The guilt ate at his heart and stomach, clenching tight. He limply took a seat beside the unconscious omega. With fingers shaking, he lightly clasped Tony's hand in his own.
Tony laughed, bright and airy.
He suddenly cleared his throat. '
His Daddy would always be there, by his side, no matter what!
Steve irritably thought to himself, as Tony's car sped closer to the Compound entry. The supersoldier resorted to clenching his fists in his trouser pockets in order to calm his adrenaline-high heart.
“I love you too, you big softie!” snuggling his neck, Tony smiled, “My Steve.”
Steve sucked in a deep breath as the window rolled down.
“What? No, no I- I didn’t say anything, no- I-“ Steve cleared his throat uncomfortably, resuming to clean Tony’s wound. He felt his face and ears burn red.
Stephen was an Alpha as well. An Alpha who fancied Tony, so tensions would be high between him and Steve.
Steve was scared too.
"I- I'm really s-sorry Aunt N-Nat!" Tony hiccuped.
"Alright," he nodded, "But I have one condition."
Steve did not know if he should enjoy this information. He’d made amends with Pepper, but he still wasn’t sure what Morgan knew about him.
Smiling fondly at Tony, who was cuddled up in Steve's lap and squealing whenever the soldier tickled him!
"Steve, it's okay," Tony murmured comfortingly, "I trust you."
Steve fell into a deeper slump than he was in without Tony by his side, five months earlier.
But for now, he lay with the man he loved, content and calm, while the thunder and lightning outside fell asleep as well.
Natasha's calm angelic voice flowed over Tony and it opened the floodgates.
Steve, however, couldn't give a damn.
“I don’t feel comfortable doing this in front of the mice.”
He sprinted to the ship's ramp, gripping a frail Tony into his arms with breathless tears streaming down his face. Tony's eyes danced in a daze and it took a moment for him to focus on who held him.
Tony smiled, appreciating what Steve tried to do.
"Ah, Nat..." Bucky pulled her in for a tight hug and she breathed in his scent deeply as if it was the last time.
The captain couldn’t help smiling at that. He placed a kiss in Tony’s dark locks and pulled away slowly.
"I- I- uhm..." Steve stammered hopelessly, and Tony continued to stare, as if he was contemplating whether or not to take Steve to a repair shop for this malfunction!
It would seem unreal...
"Well, your vitals seem up to standard… no sign of brain damage, but I'd like to keep you for a few more days just to run some basic health tests and scans," Stephen smiled at his patient.
Tony felt the vibrations of Steve’s laugh tingle through his back.
"Hi, My Baby Boy," Steve said lovingly, as he stroked through Tony's soft, brown curls and the genius snuggled closer under the blankets with Steve, to settle. He closed his eyes and hummed at the contact.
And then cold realization punched him straight in his gut.
A family...
"Don't
"Honey-bear, please tell the overprotective people that I'm fine."
Stephen chuckled, nodding, "Touché."
(See the end of the chapter for
Jenny was Tony’s height, but like the genius, she held the power to become the tallest in the room with her powerful energy. It was genuinely terrifying.
Steve’s eyes screwed shut tight as he fought back more falling tears, “Just
, as if every word he uttered was something miraculous to behold.
Tony pretended to consider that for a moment, tapping his finger to his chin.
'Oh no, scared omega. Scared my omega!Oh, shit. Bad Alpha! Scared- scared...
Everyone sprang up like rockets.
with that love!
Tony knew that
treat Tony like he deserves the universe. Because he
As I begin to weep
Nat grabbed a small vibrator from her bedside and turned it on high.
He knew the concentration in Nat's predatory stare.
“Oh come on! You can’t tell me you didn’t laugh when he slammed into his garage ceiling!”
Steve’s heart broke. He knew the two Avengers had grown close since Nat helped cure Tony from palladium poisoning during her days as Natalie Rushman.
But Tony couldn't hold it together any longer. His walls ultimately crumbled down and the dam was overthrown. He held onto Steve as tightly as he could, his head pounding, his cries lost in the thunder outside.
"No," he said, smiling at Steve, "In this universe, will you always have my love, Steve. My
Steve then took that as the opportune moment to clear his throat loudly like the jerk best friend he was, "
“What? Where-?
"Well," he began pointedly, "firstly, I would've noticed a stud like you a lot earlier, especially when he calls my body 'beautiful' instead of 'sexy' or 'perfectly slutty' -"
Steve was about to protest again, but he saw the fire glare in Happy’s eyes and was struck speechless.
He loved Steve!
We've reached the end - I can't believe it! I'm so happy and excited and elated! Aaaahhhhh!!!!
It was solid. And reassuring.
His throat felt thick and strangled with salty tears, “I am
"Oh, he'll love them! Thank you, Mr Barnes."
A content sigh hummed through the scientist's body. The water filled his eyes and he tried feebly to blink them away. But he focused on Steve, even with his vision blurring.
Sighing, she couldn't still help but grin at Tony's bouncing behavior and the spy couldn't help the excitement creeping into her own skin either!
Well, it wasn’t like the alpha was having it easy either. He was calling almost four times a day, desperately wanting to talk to Tony. But the omega would grow quiet and scared and tried to brush it off like it wasn’t a huge thing, but Natasha could see how much he longed for his alpha.
He was convinced Steve didn’t want him anymore, but then he started apologizing. Should Tony believe him? Was Steve being sincere? How could he know if he could trust his mate again? How could Tony ever believe Steve again after something like that? But shouldn’t everyone get a second chance? Was Tony truly a bad mate for not hearing Steve’s side to the story? But what side could there be? Steve felt neglected and bored with Tony, so he moved on to someone he loved more. But some other part of Tony was trying to convince him that Steve wasn’t like that.
He couldn’t believe it. He didn’t even
“Can I have both?” Tony bit his lip cheekily.
say in the beginning," she continued, "But then they end up hurting him so bad, he says he might as well rather be
Although Thor was from another realm, here on Earth, he identified himself as an alpha. Wanda and Bruce were both betas and Clint was an omega.
He looked gorgeous!
"A little forward of you to get me into bed, Cap!" Tony teased and watched the soldier turn beet-red within two seconds!
And I didn’t wanna disappoint you Daddy, but-but I couldn’t be brave- I’m sorry!”
“Oh, is that all I am to you, My King? A sex slave?” Steve teased right back.
and I saw how much you wanted to win me back... I became so empowered with this strength, because
Time stood still as the boy lay sprawled over the wreckage.
For the next few minutes, Steve rubbed up and down Tony's back trying to console him, as his sweet doll cried out the last of his nightmare.
I am incredibly sorry that it's taken so long to get back to this work - I didn't forget about it entirely; I've just been dealing with some things at home, but I've got 2 new fics planned and I'm gonna get into contact with a beta to help me, because I'm gonna need help, so if anyone can recommend any betas that can help with plot continuity, I'd appreciate it 💙
"Young Sir," the AI's tone was soft and gentle, "Do you wish for me to call Mr Rogers to come to you, or would you like me to direct you to his floor?" Jarvis responded, still in his comforting tone.
And Steve was naked.
"Ah! Ahh! Yes... St-Steve please! More! Yes... Ah!"
Both Rhodey and Steve then took that opportunity to sprint and plaster themselves to the wall by the kitchen door.
that seems only to reflect on your tragic history, my good friends!"
A beat passed. Tony fidgeted uneasily. What could he respond to that? He missed Steve probably more, but he- he wasn’t ready to open up yet.
Steve groaned. “The mantra,
Natasha came over to them and held her arms out to Tony, silently asking for a hug.
Tony was about to ask, when he felt Steve’s hand pawing him through his jeans.
Steve had had it mounted on a stand and worked with Bruce in the lab (more so, just actually dropped it off and ran out of there as soon as possible, before he set Bruce's hair alight again!)
"Tony," Steve called to him softly.
Steve's eyes held so much
The brunette shrugged off-handedly, but Steve caught the plea in his eyes that asked him to stay.
It was everything Tony wanted! Steve licked at Tony's bottom lip, seeking entrance, and Tony was hit with another wave of heat and passion, as he explored the deep cavern of Steve's mouth.
Once the movie ended, the gang steadily made their way back to their own floors.
can you
years of their life on suppressants would still have the control to use a toy when their heat comes for their very
Covered up in Axe cologne
"Oh, that's all?" he asked, "A
Steve! Stop!” he called, “Be careful where you step- it could be
“Aw, Doll!” he brought Tony closer, cradling his head against his neck.
(See the end of the chapter for
One thing people seem to forget is that Tony is ultimately quite a good cook and baker.
It's my first time writing smut 😅 I only read about this stuff, so hopefully I can "take what I've learned?" and create 'the mood' ... #sebastian #TheLittleMermaid 😄
for her fox repellant. You see how his heart breaks, because...
The tears flowed out of their own accord, Steve helpless to stop them. Helpless to take away Tony's pain, to bring him away from the light that would soon take him.
So close, they felt the heat from their panted breathing.
Natasha admired Tony's intelligence, his bravery, his heart of gold, his grit and his perseverance - though she would never admit to it aloud.
that voice.
, Mama-Bear!" Tony pulled away whining, "If you're finished, then I'd very much like to take a certain blonde captain up to bed, since I can't sleep without him."
" he whispered, placing a sweet kiss against Tony's temple. The scientist blushed, snuggling deeper into Steve's chest.
Yes, I know the first two prompts are food related, but Doughnuts are at least Tony's favorite food and I have a sweet tooth!
“ ‘M feeling a little…
Her look turned deadly, "But if he breaks your heart, I break his neck, alright?"
"Yeah, it's just incredible!" Stephen sighed, clearly abashed with his eyes wide, "I just can't believe such medical miracles happen…"
"You shouldn't trust me," Steve replied thickly, "not after what I did to you."
Turning the corner, Rhodey and Steve went to console Natasha, who stood in the center of the kitchen, her head in her hands. She accepted the hug from Steve, and from Rhodey who placed a kiss on her forehead.
I'm not saying who, but please keep that in mind and I will update my tags before I post another chapter
He saw
Tony stretched out a hand to hold on to the side of Steve's face and Steve leaned right into the motion again, as if it was sixth sense. Tony felt honored to be worthy of Steve's love. The soldier was beautiful and kind and good and pure.
"But right now," Bucky continued," he won't want to listen to anyone. And we're in no good condition to reason with each other. I'm certainly not, with what you did to him and me. But I guess I should be used to being used and manipulated... And I don't even know why, but I'll at least make you some tea before I go.”
“I love you.”
I finish yelling at you."
much fun," the brunette muttered, plastering on a fake smile as he turned to the woman.
As Steve felt Tony's thumb hesitantly stroke his cheek, he let out the breath he'd been holding in, and he leant into the touch eagerly.
boy!" Steve continuously held his Little Tony close and murmured sweet nothings into his ear.
He saw
“No, please- please… don’t – don’t go Tony…
Steve was alive and right beside Tony, holding him in his arms!
“What, my good captain, is so important that F.R.I.D.A.Y had to alert me to come up?”
Worry then filled his face, “Oh no, I didn’t miss your birthday, did I? Or an anniversary? Oh God- F.R.I.D.A.Y, pull up the-“
With a final glowering look thrown at Steve, Rhodey finally let him collapse to the floor.
A battle with Dr Doom and his bots was never a delightful mission. It left the team pretty annoyed and tired for the most part.
Steve knew he felt angry; he saw the bitterness in Tony's eyes, behind his shades, but he also saw the weariness still. He saw Tony's fragility.
"You. Me... Us…" Tony stared off into space, "At first, all I thought about was the
, but there
Please comment below what you guys think💙
Steve looked down to see an actual
He couldn't get that word out.
The baby in Steve's arms mewled and writhed happily in the bundle of blankets around her.
Nat came over to hug her friend tightly. She placed a small kiss on his cheek. The captain tried to relax in her hold.
Fair warning, this is a sad ficlet and so will the next one be. It takes place post-Endgame, where Natasha lives, but Tony still snaps his fingers and doesn't make it.
That feels so good, Tones..."
"Mock me if you dare, Lady Red, but I feel amazing! I feel-"
Finally, Steve spoke, "Would you ever…
The blonde's sigh turned into a groan, but James Buchanan Barnes merely crossed his arms over his chest and arched his eyebrow, daring Steve to go at him.
The night was most certainly
Steve drew Tony close to his chest, letting the man be soothed by his steady heartbeat. Tony rested his head on Steve’s bicep, and he loved the captain’s smell of cologne and freshly cut grass. Steve was mindful of wrapping his arm around Tony’s left side where the bandaged burn still throbbed.
And so cold.
, because I… because I… I- I missed you too much." He sheepishly rubbed his neck.
She kissed his nose.
“So, I guess I’ll just go get his favourite toys from the room then. He must know that his daddy loves him
But he made sure to have Tony know for good, that he didn't have to be scared again!
"Well, I- I work for Fury's. He told me about the street races he runs part time and-"
“Don’t say that when you
I will break each one of your bones six different ways, so help me God!” Rhodey’s glare was venomous and laced with fire, melting Steve’s body.
, completely sarcastic? He’d just… just freeze over and go quiet. Like he was afraid of- of overstepping a line or some Alpha-Omega boundary. Like a proper little housewife omega.”
When they pulled apart, Steve grinned at how debauched Tony looked from just a kiss. He was flushed pink and breathless. Chuckling, Steve pecked another onto Tony's nose.
"He threw me over the stairs."
She heard the shred of shame in his voice. Even through Loki’s magic, Tony, from a young age, was still pushed to be brave and perfect. She understood him in that way and could relate.
The captain craned his ear towards the cabinet. Still silence.
The archer had his bow and arrow with him.
Nat smirked.
Especially for Tony.
“Oh, Captain Rogers!” he moaned ecstatically. Steve peppered kisses over his neck, like hot pin picks of fire. But then Tony’s eyes shot open.
Rocking back and forth, Tony’s sobbing went down to just a few hiccups. Hot, salty tears still stung his eyes and his nose was red and snotty.
She looked up at Steve, smiling. And he swore he saw Tony smile back at him.
Still chuckling softly, the smile never left Tony's face.
"Steve?" he whispered, his voice croaky and paper-thin.
gorgeous mechanic a few feet away, covered in oil as black as his tank top and jeans. His hair was disheveled and his lop-sided grin made Steve's heart flip. The blonde couldn't tear his eyes away if he tried.
"R-really?" he whispered, tentatively.
Full lips that suckled and nipped at Tony's, never reaching a crescendo, but neither man cared! They were lost in their dance. They became lost in each other.
Natasha’s hysterical screaming could be heard throughout the entire communal floor. Steve and Rhodey exchanged side glances of wide-eyed worry. This had been going on for six minutes and neither Tony, nor Natasha would back down.
Tony catapulted himself over and latched himself to Steve while Natasha stuck to Bucky like velcro and kissed him senseless!
“Oh, come here,” Steve hugged him tight, not caring for the oil rubbing off on his shirt or the slight wet spot on his shoulder, telling him of Tony’s tears.
Tony suddenly felt like he was no longer there. He was floating instead. He was floating light on the wind. His soul was ascending beyond his body.
and the floodgates of emotions poured through: ‘He needs me- but- but I don’t understand- he-I miss him, I miss my alpha – he’s ill – but what he did, I-“
" Wanda interjected, "You love us anyway, don't you Thor?"
Steve scoffed, putting a hand to his chest in mock-outrage.
“A bat or a snake I can handle, but you’re close, Honey. It’s something they
Steve held out his arm, ready for Tony to place on his old, faithful shield.
” he growled darkly.
'Daddy would always be here to help me...' Tony thought in despair.
It won’t cease my cries;
Tony sighed, rubbing a hand over his face.
A small piece of happiness came, though, when the team, one by one, came by to tell him that they had forgiven him for his mistake. Although it relieved him, it wasn't the news Steve sought after. Even his runs in the morning with Sam couldn't silence his anxiety. He tried boxing, he tried swimming, he tried sparring with Thor, Nat and Bucky and still,
She gently reached out to scoop Tony to her side and kissed his head. She reached out to the side of the bed to get the face cloth from her nightstand. After cleaning Tony's face of tears, she hugged him tightly until his weeping quieted down.
"You bringing up our first heat that we spent together to soften me up?" Steve's lips tugged up in a smile, his hands placed on his hips in a snarky gesture. Tony smiled.
Steve smiled, thinking how smug Tony would feel at that compliment, but secretly, he’d be quite shy and flattered behind the paparazzi’s eyes.
Tony preened at the praise and giggled as Steve nuzzled his nose!
Pepper's eyes glittered, "Very well then. Thank you, Bucky."
Tony giggled, "Yeah! We'll have to watch it sometime." His eyes glittered.
Settling under the covers, Steve hugged the genius close to his chest. Tony nuzzled snugly against Steve’s heartbeat, letting the sound steadily lull him soothingly.
His eyes clenched shut as he fought his internal battle against the spiral of emotions raging in his body.
“Look, I know I’ve been beyond an asshole- I
The final change was a dark sapphire blue. Almost indigo.
Steve was crying too. He was sobbing waterfalls and he let his salty tears mix in with Tony's as their kiss wove its own apology that the words could not.
Only Tony Stark could lift him up in a whirlwind of emotions and love.
He tried for a smile, but Steve stood shell-shocked.
Yes- I had to have it happen! I apologize, but know that I regret nothing!
that I have to repeat every time I hear something like that…”
And he was wrong about Tony.
after what happened," Bucky murmured, ducking his head down in shame.
"Okay," the brunette said brightly, "Lead the way, Cap. Let's go!"
I just haven't had a chance to prioritize or sum up enough energy to write really and it's just frustrating, because I want to write, but mentally, I just have to get through that wall.
"Punk, you're only saying that to deceive yourself. You know that Pepper is opening up to you. The coffee she gave you this morning wasn't poisoned - that's gotta count for something, right?"
She hated that it took something so
Trudging towards the crowd, the captain was despairingly unprepared for what awaited him.
As Tony changed into an oversized jumper of Steve's and some pajama pants, Steve took note of the bruises that spotted Tony's back and chest. They were a mottled shade of blue and purple, raising Tony's flesh in uneven dents.
not now! Not now!
He leaned forward slightly to give his daddy a kiss on the cheek.
"I need you know, Steve! Please! Please, Honey..."
Smiling, Nat couldn’t help blushing at the affection, “Aw, shucks! You guys are such softies.”
“Are you trying to seduce me to go to sleep?” Tony smirked, the love he had for the man glittering in his eyes.
“Please, Miss Potts, I need you to take a few deep breaths, alright?” Stephen breathed in and out with Pepper until hers evened out.
Natasha heard Tony's whimpering and turned the corner to find Tony rocking back and forth, his eyes were glazed over and he repeated the same thought to himself.
Tony sat and read the get well cards his teammates had brought for him while he was comatose. The ones from Clint and Thor were highly enjoyable to read, with little stick figure cartoons drawn amongst the text. The loving smile never left Tony's face.
"Turn around, scientist- let's get you fixed up and back in the lab."
He swung open the front door - with the absolute
"Honey," Steve called to him softly, bringing him back to Earth.
Stephen's eyes grew sad and pleading, hoping to convey his message to Nat. She nodded, smiling.
Next, came determination in that gaze.
"No. She's already doing enough by letting me sleep here tonight. I'll sort it out in the morning."
much. He only wants his superhero to be happy and comfortable.”
"Mmmhhmmm, Omega..." she purred.
Crossing the workshop to the kit, Steve thought about how he could enter this situation. Tony had his pride and his stubbornness, so this wouldn’t be easy.
something deep down in him longed to understand the man.
That broke Steve.
“I need you to tell me exactly what happened and any unusual symptoms or behaviours Tony experienced.”
Steve coughed, embarrassed and did nothing but lift his basket for Tony to see.
The genius swivelled around in his chair to face Steve, smirking his signature lop-sided grin, “Ooh,
Before Tony drifted off, he heard Steve whisper one last thing:
She and Pepper were both the proud mama bears of Tony Stark and Rhodey was
"And then
"Oh my God, Tony, that looks like it hurts like hell!"
"Anthony! You
The genius was much faster and he bolted straight out of the bedroom!
The soldier's lithe fingers gently caressed over Tony's shoulders. Steve brushed his hands, just ever so lightly, down the genius' arms.
"Nat! My beloved sibling, what may I assist you with on this fine night?"
, we can still beat him."
Then, he slowly relaxed in Steve’s hold and he felt so
Tony reached up to stroke his cheek.
“Then you should know Tony, that we will always come rescue you. And we are so proud of you, and love you so much! So whenever you’re scared, know that we’ll always be there. Yeah?”
"You… never... left and you… you never… will," Tony continued, his voice growing fainter with each word. Tired. Sluggish. But his eyes reinforced the words Steve would never forget.
Tony let out a shaky breath and popped the trunk. It didn't make the situation any easier with Steve standing just a few inches away from him.
It just felt so...
This was all new again and Steve had just brought Tony home to his apartment for the very first time, like after their first date.
"Hey, Nat!" Steve chirped, "I was just on my way to see Tony and… wait, what's wrong?... Why are you crying?"
“No, no I- I have to get these done for Pepper. They still need-“
"No! No, I won't let that happen again!" he violently hissed to himself. He wanted to silence that voice.
"Okay, okay, you win! You
Steve gasped, but his eyes darkened and he lifted Tony's shirt off of his chest.
Nat's mouth fell open at Tony's adorably sulking pout!
side, he meant - of course!- things just didn't seem work out.
Tony forgot to breathe for two seconds. Steve smiled, blushing a little.
Tony remained silent for a few moments more, staring at the wall. His chest rose and fell steadily, and he finally turned to the blonde.
A devilish thought had then come into Steve's mind at the bar. He decided to get Bucky drunk enough to agree to blind sex. One thing then led to another and...
after breakfast, to the
But then there was a silent, unanimous agreement that passed between their eyes, confirming the fact that they both knew they weren't really
But Nat chuckled and picked up the little toddler, cradling his head against her chest. She placed a kiss in his brown locks and tweaked his nose,fondly. Tony whined and swatted her hands away weakly, but snuggled closer anyway, breathing in Natasha's strawberry shampoo and lily flower perfume.
Wanda turned around to peck her on the cheek, “I helped Bruce load him into the car. He’ll take Thor home.”
He pulled back slowly, kissing his forehead; stroking Tony’s cheek. “It’s okay, Dolly… It’s alright. Here, let me clean up your beautiful face-“
"Why the long face? Wait, let me guess- he turned into a baby?"
Chuckling, Nat placed a tiny Tony in Steve’s lap, returning to her spot in between Bruce and Clint on the floor.
a surprising turn of events, but they succeeded in the end. Now it would be a long time before Dr Doom tried his luck again.
Yeah, Steve I love you too! I love you
(Natasha would deny that it came from her- they just got stuck on the wrong channel)
He pushed Steve away as fast as he could, his eyes wide and scared as he started blubbering nonsensically, "I'm- I'm sorry, I- I'm
“Oh my
He could do
She touched her forehead gently to Clint and Bruce once she got to her room, thankful for them setting it up so perfectly.
After a few moments of silence, he sighed, deciding to dive right in, "Nat said you needed help with your injuries."
"I just - I came here assuming this would be for closure, so I- I just wanted to ask you this one question. Then I'd… I'd let you go on with- with your life," the tears caused Steve's eyes to glitter like crystals in the hospital lights.
make it my life's mission to torture you enough to send you reeling back into the body of your
This one was not at all hesitant! It was heated, it was steady and Tony was overwhelmed by Steve's presence.
Cupping both sides of Tony's face gently, stroking his cheeks, but never breaking eye contact, Steve let a stray tear escape him as he replied, "Not possible My Baby... I love you
With a half smile on his face, though his eyes were slightly devoid of that blue twinkle. The dark circles underneath gave him the appearance of a pale banshee.
"I-I'm... I'm s-sorry Daddy, b-but I- you- you were g-"
Tony and Bruce idly sat chatting about a new engineering experiment on the sofa, behind the two gamers, when a hot, sudden wave of nausea overcame him.
“I know it’s scary. And I knew you had to be hiding someplace totally unthinkable, but you also wanted to be around Daddy’s stuff and keep warm, right?”
Yeah, tonight would be more than okay!
Natasha strolled out of a side room, her entire forearm bandaged from a gash that a bot had clawed onto her.
Tony ducked his head.
Steve had never seen eyes blaze so strong with fury. Her gaze was like ice, licking its way into Steve's veins, into his blood and into his heart.
Natasha grinned.
“You- you promise?” he whispered.
And Tony believed that he’d be a bad partner if he didn’t feel bad enough to make it up to Steve!
He rubbed his face tiredly, “I’ve always been at my wit’s end looking after Tony, so this ain’t new. What’s new every time is the cause behind it and the cause is, that the two of you cannot keep living separately from each other. Especially when it’s on bad terms. It’s chaos for the both of you and for those around you. And I know you’ve got stuff to sort out, but neither of us can take the first step for you guys.”
He grinned, his eyes glittering with adrenaline.
Tony was seeing
Tony pouted adorably, "Well you just raced for this petite muscle body, so I guess you're stuck with me."
"Tony," Steve said sternly, locking his gaze with his true love.
Amidst all the commotion, Steve was held back from the now retreating cart.
At first, the captain's gaze seemed hard, intense and intimidating.
“Well, you always seem to be picking up after us,” Steve teased.
Tony's moans were music to Steve's ears as he danced with Tony's tongue in open-mouthed kisses.
Steve smiled, "And I'll always love you. I'm gonna do my best to give you a good life- a happy life. How can I deny you anything else?"
Steve flew to the paving to catch Tony, cradling his head in his lap.
Tony had won her respect the day she read about him inventing the arc reactor in nothing but a dark cave in Afghanistan, surrounded by terrorists out for his blood.
"I call it taking a chance," he said, grinning, "Let me take a chance on you. And take a chance on me Tony- let me take care of you."
"Wrong how?" he questioned, not beating around the bush this time--not filtering what to say to Steve beforehand.
"Well played, Mr Rogers," Tony smirked.
, who he finally saw, and confided in, as a friend, still didn't trust him... despite all that they'd been through."
, if I didn't send that message to you on her behalf! She said that it was your first warning out of three, before she'd punish you for one wrong move on your part. "
“Yeah! Daddy talked about you and told me stories about how you led the Avengers to battle!” The little Stark mimicked punching the air, fighting invisible villains.
“We should give him some space. It’s no good trying to talk things out now,” he bent his head solemnly, running his sleeve over his teary eyes, “I know I'm gonna figure something out that's worthy of an apology- I don't know about you."
With some probing from Sam, Bucky made a shy appearance bringing Tony some flowers. Pepper embraced him gladly, shocking the soldier.
"Doctor- sorry- Stephen, did Mr Rogers visit within these two weeks?"
“Daddy said you were His Only,” she murmured softly.
Steve gulped deeply, his eyes even widening a little.
But what she found had broken her heart.
“Steve, if you’ve searched this tower, then you’ve searched this tower. There is no other way we can look for Tony, and J.A.R.V.I.S will most certainly alert us if he’s hurt or in danger. So, wherever he is, he’s okay.”
Steve cuddled his genius close and gave him one last kiss goodnight.
"Don't break your head over it, Buddy- we're a pretty messed-up species," Tony clapped him on the shoulder heartily.
The captain took a deep breath out, trying to calm his irritation.
be laughing at a time like this?!" Steve's voice rose two octaves higher hysterically, which made Tony laugh even more!
He sighed, rubbing his eyes.
"Tony, we lost," Steve replied, hoping his voice carried some comfort at least - that the team splitting up cost them more than they could have imagined- that it wasn't worth it.
In your old room, things are left untouched
Tony smiled at the alpha. Steve merely stared, transfixed.
His entire body aching, pulsing with pain, Tony cycled on through the pouring wet streets, his tears running amongst the raindrops.
"W-wait Tony?" Steve called out. He flinched at how
, he loved this man so much!
Tony then lifted something from out of the trunk.
he repeated incredulously, "Tony, I- Can I please come over to you?"
' the voice continued to mock him.
, it kinda does something to me.”
Fear. Confusion. Curiosity. Guilt...
Tony's sniffling died down and he looked up at Steve with adorably large owl eyes. Steve couldn't help but smile lovingly at Tony - his beautiful genius boyfriend with a heart of gold.
In those five seconds...
Steve paused. His body froze while tidying up. He looked to Tony,
capable alpha that Tony trusted and the only one who could also change her body to a male’s
“Rhodey, that’s enough!” Pepper whispered, gripping his shoulder, “We don’t wanna make this scene any worse, now just let him go!”
At lunch that afternoon, when Tony still hadn't calmed down and his anxiety was becoming worse and worse, Nat snuck in a sleeping tablet into his sandwich and put him down for a nap.
Tony whimpered again in fear. His whole body was covered in a thick sheen of sweat and was pale and flushed. He believed he would throw up any minute.
," Nat huffed out, irritably, "I can assure you that I am
He'd never been kissed like this! It felt perfectly balanced: soft and yet firm and solid... leading and following...
I can’t bring myself to accept
Steve Rogers sat in the medical bay, letting the waves of drowsiness wash over him steadily. It would be a slow afternoon.
They also blushed at Nat's smug, snickering grin when they re-entered the med bay, their hands entwined together
“Bruce! Wanda!” Natasha called out. She hugged Tony closer and uttered a guttural, possessive growl in warning to Thor.
He trusted Steve.
Steve pumped Tony's cock rapidly and growled into Tony's neck as more of those blissful sounds leaked out in a voice overwhelmed in ecstasy! Tony was leaking pre-come and Steve used it as a lubrication as he continued to palm and twist Tony's cock between his fingers.
"Thor, for the
It spoke up:
you that you're safe with me."
I'm going to be really cruel and just divide this into two more chapters! 😂😈 But they'll be like short ones, like Chapter 1, but I just think it's better like that that to have a long, dragged out chapters with smudged plot points. Each chapter just deals with a different major plot point, so I like starting fresh like that: having everything described and felt under one issue- one chapter- and start off with a new one, with the previous issue still relatable. 😊📖
Tony remained frozen stiff. He was grasping at his chest desperately, trying to breathe in oxygen. But his body wasn’t working. He was hyperventilating. Tony couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t focus. His head was spinning. His vision became more blurry. Tony’s chest was splintering under the kilogram of lead that seemed to hold him down.
His body pulled him back into the dreaded cold he felt in his nightmare and he began to shiver uncontrollably.
, Rogers. You really want to go there? Alright, where should we begin?”
“Oh no, Stevie. We did this your way, now it’s time to do it my way,” Bucky insisted, carefully tucking Steve’s sketchbook into his backpack and tossing it to the blonde. “That’s all the supplies we had, and this town has nothing in it. We either find her or we starve for the next few days until we reach a new town.”
“Absolutely not. Two weeks rest, at the very minimum,” Steve insisted, stepping around Toni to get a better look at his friend. “I mean we just got you back and you want to go throwing yourself to the wolves all over again!”
He padded over, gently sitting on his side of the bed, careful not to wake Tony. He looked down at Tony, softly brushing the hair out of his face before sitting back against the headboard, eyes locked on the far wall. He couldn’t bare the fact that Tony’s cheeks were still somehow flustered from crying.
"I’ll mind," Bucky’s growl filled the room as he grabbed the back of Donovan’s shirt, throwing the agent away and too the ground with a harsh glare. “Don’t you have a job to do?" He snapped before turning his attention to Tony.
"Just a little vacation," Loki lied smoothly, pushing himself up slowly, Steve’s gun never faltering in its aim.
Steve couldn’t help chuckling, as much of a strain as it was. Tony actually looked embarrassed for once.
Chuckling, Tony smiled. “Yeah, ‘oh.’ How’s it feel?”
it was. He groaned as he glanced down at his hand around his softening cock.
Tony scrubbed a hand over his face. In his zeal over revamping his armor’s environmental sealing, he’d forgotten about this little project he’d been working on with Bruce.
Tony shrugs. “Alpha and omega soulmate pairs? Always sounded ridiculous to me.”
“You’re probably pretty worn out, huh?”
For once, Tony actually looked bashful as he ducked his head. “Could say the same about you, big guy.” He seemed to hesitate before asking, “So… is that a yes?”
But then it
Tony wanted to bang his head against the desk. How was this his life?
Steve ducked his head. “That might be my fault, actually.”
Steve hit the mat with an “oof” and found himself on his back and pinned by Natasha seconds later. She didn’t look pleased about getting the better of him, either.
"Alright, so we know he wasn’t planning on taking Bucky. What about the bombs?" Clint asked, crossing his arms.
Steve stood, snatching the invitation and looking it over in awe. “Bucky, you genius. You should be in this chair, not me,” Steve declared, grinning at the brunet.
Warm hands curled around her shoulder, and Toni could only allow herself to be rolled to her back. Above her, knelt on either side, was the two men she had robbed only hours before. Fate was funny like that, wasn’t it?
"How was the factory?" Clint asked, turning around in his seat to grin at Steve.
The car pulled to a stop beside a large apartment building, and Ty straightened out with a tired sigh. “Thank you for the ride home,” he declared, clapping Howard on the shoulder before Happy opened the back door. Ty stepped out underneath Happy’s umbrella, turning to offer Toni his hand. “Come on, babe. I need a drink after that dreadful benefit.”
“You two are obviously a match made in heaven,” Toni joked, closing her eyes and taking a breath. “I mean it. Both annoyingly cute together.”
“We’ll take her as far as we can until her arm is healed. Then we’ll see if she wants us to go with her the rest of the way, “Steve agreed.
“Fuck off, Rogers,” Toni snarled in returned, watching the man disappear.
Tony huffed and turned his head away, standing and moving up the stairs to his room. He found Steve there, studying the shattered glass and the broken window. “Get out of my room,” Tony huffed, grabbing his backpack and beginning the shove clothes into it.
Natasha shifted in her chair, and Steve could practically feel her eyes roll. “And that’s all it is, a hunch. Stark has been nothing but good to you and your business. He actually seems invested in your life, and I would even go as far as to say he views you as a son. You can’t afford to turn on him.”
A short introductory chapter to get us started. Tell me what you guys think! The current plan is that I will update every Thursday, though I'm sure that will change depending on my summer schedule. But I'll be sure to give a heads up!
Tony shook his head, muffling another sob. “You still have feelings for her, I get that. I just…I just never knew that you love her more than me.”
Ty snorted from beside her, lifting his head and giving Toni a look. “Missing? From the way you described it, sounds like he’s dead to me. I mean bullet holes, blood?”
Toni pushed the loose hair that escaped her ponytail up out of her face. “Fuck ‘em.”
“You may see him when Pepper has contacted me to set up an appropriate time, Ms. Stark,” Sharon declared, already pushing away from her desk.
(See the end of the chapter for
The blow landed hard and Toni felt defensive anger, pure and hot, burn within her. Even if some small and barely existent part of her knew he was right, it still struck a chord. “You’re one to talk about
“Anytime, My Love.”
That gave Steve a good angle to marvel at Tony's gorgeousness. His muscles were lean and taught, his body lithe with a narrow waist and perfect bubble-but.
Tony snuggled deep as he could into Steve's side, as his Daddy continued to sing and rub his hip gently, both of their hands still intertwined between them.
It was soothing.
The captain held him securely in his arms, soothing the tired inventor gently, “Shh… shh… There we go, now, shh… That’s it. Aw, it’s okay Tony- you’re okay Honey. Shh… There we go... There we go... Come on now, let’s get you to your room for bed.”
time," Clint sighed, exasperated, "it's called
way more... way more
‘Oh no no no – Tony!’ Steve’s mind was buzzing everywhere a mile a minute. He knelt on the sidewalk with Tony limp in his arms.
It was Natasha.
"Who has to take care of who?"
She dropped him immediately.
The captain was memorizing every piece of Tony.
He shot Steve a pained look of disbelief.
It was not okay, because Tony
"I'm looking forward to it as well," Steve replied. He was greeted by a heap of Tony launching into his arms!
asthmatic self!" she paused, twisting Steve's skin so that it burned a and his teeth clenched shut. His eyes pinched closed.
As soon as he felt the contact on his skin, the omega purred happily, snuggling against Nat as close as he could.
Hacking coughs heaved through him as Tony let his sobbing echo off the bathroom walls. He clutched at his chest desperately, hoping that the pain would stop. His throat burned as he tried to swallow his tears thick as steel.
Every
That dark voice continued to mock him, slithering around his head as it whispered so solidly in his ear.
Tony’s entire body locked ramrod straight. “What?” he breathed.
was home for Steve.
He wanted to duck his head down, sheepishly, in embarrassment, but Steve's hand lifted Tony's head up to face him and Steve kissed his forehead softly.
Steve giggled.
Tony sighed happily, letting Steve’s voice wash over him:
Every racer was cheering excitedly and running up to his car as Steve came down from his high. He took a couple more deep breaths until he was sure his heart rate had gone back to normal. Between the racers surrounding his car, he could make out Nat pulling up beside him.
Steve peppered kisses into Tony's hair and on to his face until he heard his love giggle happily! He locked his eyes with Tony's and placed as much sincerity as he could into his words, "Of course, I'll be here, Love! I'm too selfish to ever let you go again--I love you too much. So damn the others! I just got my fella back and I'll spend as long as I want with him!"
"ANTHONY EDWARD STARK!"
Steve leaned up to kiss Tony chaste on the lips.
“Tony,” the voice softly murmured, slightly amused, “Tony, it’s okay.”
It was already ten p.m. and there was still no sign of the inventor during movie night. Rhodey had some time off from his Air Force missions, so he was spending the few days at the tower.
A poem from Steve's point of view, processing Tony's death and the silence that can't seem to leave him alone, crashing into him with all these thoughts and feelings of grief.
He clapped his hands together enthusiastically, making Tony chuckle.
Nat immediately grabbed a scent-blocking rag from her medicine cabinet and wrapped it around her nose and mouth. The cloth was able to filter out any pheromones given off, so she was still able to control her primal urges.
The brunette was greeted with another sight entirely. And the scene before him was like a sharp and jagged pointed icicle piercing at his heart.
Pepper, Happy and Rhodey took shifts each day to keep the paparazzi at bay who swarmed like vultures around the hospital every second.
hurt and he’s just muting J.A.R.V.I.S or stopping him from alerting us? What if he’s broken a leg and is trying to fix it himself? Or what if he’s cut himself open playing in the workshop, and he’s hiding where only a four-year old Tony could hide in the Tower, begging J.A.R.V.I.S not to tell us?”
“Then this animal’s about to have dinner!” Steve growled darkly. In one swift movement, he picked Tony up and carried him to the elevator.
It signified a new reality that was taking place. There wouldn’t be a pill that had to be taken, it wouldn’t have to be just meaningless sex to satisfy needs whenever both partners engaged in physical matters.
He suddenly felt so woozy. So tired and flushed. He put a hand to his chest, trying to rub away the aching. Tapping a few times on his phone, he transferred his money to store’s account and made his way to the exit.
He ran faster than a ferrari to his floor.
was crying!
When she pulled up that afternoon, Pepper gave a chaste kiss to Steve, squeezing his shoulders reassuringly. She hugged Nat tightly, thanking them for looking after Morgan while she attended to SI.
Her eyebrow quirked up.
For a moment now, it’s gone.
He clutched her shirt between his small fingers and cried into her chest. She felt how his entire body heaved and shook as each cry racked through his being. Tony sobbed and sobbed. Dry heaving and howling out every insecurity and every dark thought that crossed his mind since Steve had left. It shook him violently.
is just going to my brain all the blood, the adrenaline- just clouding my head and it's aching and throbbing. And I think I'm gonna burst. But then… then something frees me and I'm… and I'm
She became immediately captivated by his magnetic personality and she was drawn in deep, curiously hoping to uncover the man beneath those masks...
know star
Steve wrestled with the vending machine down the corridor, letting out all of his frustration out onto a simple machine who wouldn't give up a pack of cashews.
Taking a risk, Steve kissed Tony's forehead, stunning the mechanic speechless.
with that love!
“Steve, I
Steve felt a hand briskly wipe over his cheek, snapping him out of it.
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry!" he blurted out, hiding his face in Steve's neck. He needed Steve close to him, he needed to breathe in his boyfriend's scent.
“Tony! Tony, where are you hurt? What’s broken? Are you-?“
Something that was covered in a tarp with a stuffed toy dog on top? Steve quirked an eyebrow and suddenly felt a small sprout of jealousy inside him at the fact that he couldn't experience being a dad with Tony. He couldn't marvel at how good he was with Morgan!
After cleaning Tony's face with a washcloth and a change of PJs was made by Steve, the pair found themselves snuggled up together tightly in Steve's bed.
Steve smiled, though it didn’t reach his eyes.
"And you're telling me this
Hello my readers!! 🤗😊
“Hush, now Sweetheart. Relax... ”
"Aunt Peggy would tell stories about you. Not just of Captain America, but Steve Rogers. The boy who willingly jumped on top of a grenade to protect his men. Who wanted to protect his country. To fight for his country... Who's also very brave and very gentle and... who I'm telling is going to regret the decision of taking a chance on me."
Tony's tears still fell and his whimpering was steadily rising in his shock.
It wasn’t until Nat arrived ten minutes later, that the tension in the air thinned a little. She gave a nod to Jenny at the front desk and slid in between Steve and Tony’s kin, being the middle-man (well…
And yet, despite the slight awkwardness, Tony couldn't help but
He'd missed it, though. He couldn't deny that.
“For you, My Dear…
The brunette then took a curious glance at his car and something in his eyes sparkled in an almost child-like wonder. Steve found himself smiling wider at that.
" he gasped.
If I came here for closure
"No, no hey… hey, shh, come here. Come here. Let me see those eyes," the captain cradled Tony's chin so he faced him again.
"That was amazing!..." Steve breathed out. He felt Tony's chest rumble beneath him as he chuckled.
He'd won his very first race!
contact
"Uhm... I uh... I kinda... I kinda p-promised myself that I would uh... I would only use it if you--
Tony’s breath hitched. Steve shrugged, still gazing at Tony with love in his eyes. Tony launched himself into Steve’s arms, snuggling close.
The response seemed to be enough for Tony though, Steve gathered, because the blonde caught the small nod that Tony gave himself, as if saying,
“He told me to tell you in case he couldn't, himself. He told me he was scared of your reaction. I know he loved Mom, but you were His Only.”
His eyes held so much
"But I've had a lot of time to think," Tony said. He then patted the chair again, "
“Just one more thing, Steve?” he heard Tony ask.
(Just something to remember about my writing and a fic you should definitely check out!)
He presented his hole and begged Steve to make love to him.
He was obviously having a good dream about sweet things.
Tony let the calm wash over him as he listened to Steve's steady heartbeat. His eyes fell closed.
an effect on Tony.
“Tony, Tony, hey- hey, it’s alright, Doll. Don’t worry,” Steve chuckled heartily, bringing in the small man for another hug, kissing his curls. “You didn’t forget anything,” Steve reassured, drawing back slightly to look at those beautiful brown orbs, “I just thought you needed a break. And an apology for not trying to understand why you created Ultron. I know should’ve listened to you Honey. I’m so sorry.”
"Doctor," Steve greeted politely.
Tony thought, a little bit dreamily,
"Done," Steve answered, his face as stoic and serious as ever. It lit up something in Tony's heart to know he still cared so much.
walk, Steven," Tony scoffed, but still blushed scarlet.
Natasha ground her knot against his hole until it popped at his rim, filling Tony up with her seed.
“Why?” Tony breathed out. Their faces were a few centimeters apart.
When he turned the corner again, he found a small, skinny boy blinking up at him with tear-filled, owlish eyes.
*                   *                   *
- "I'm telling you, Thor, you press
"Something freed Tony," she whispered.
, Tony... is
In that moment, it was just the two of them. It was just Tony looking adoringly at the young man he was in love with. Steve's touch was light as a feather as he cradled Tony's face, delicately stroking the soft, silky skin with his thumb. Even with the bruising, Tony still looked as gorgeous as ever.
Howard took another swig of his bottle, the stench of alcohol drowning Tony's senses.
“I appreciate the effort, Honey, but my work disagrees with your ways of
piece, Steve kissed and worshipped with all he had. Tony was already panting beneath him and writhing up against Steve's body to create movement; to create friction.
“You and me are gonna talk after we get the news on Tony,” she muttered. Steve nodded.
Tony...
"Great! I'll go talk to Banner and see for myself what needs to be corrected," smirking to himself, Tony took a couple steps forward to the door.
The colonel hesitated, clearly not wanting to go with Pepper’s command.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Aww, my babydoll, you don't have to apologize. That's it, just let it out. There you go... Aww you're so so brave! You're so, so good, my little boy!... My brave Little Tony!"
But instead, she saw a tiny human frame curled up in a ball on her front doorstep.
"Mmm, so forward!" Tony teased. Steve grinned darkly and palmed Tony's hard, naked cock in his hands.
Steve held out his hand, "Sounds like a deal."
Then, the
The rest of the afternoon was spent with the pair of superheroes stuffing their faces with pancakes and ice-cream and binging cartoons and Disney. Tony was the sole occupant of his Aunt Natasha's lap and Nat would fondly ruffle his hair each time he snuggled closer. Tony won thrice at every type of boardgame which also led to him learning a whole new bunch of new Russian swear words!
"I look forward to more races with you."
But he didn't.
She walked over to Happy and Rhodey talking with Stephen.
Steve laughed heartily from his chest, bringing Tony close for a hug and a kiss.
. You're too precious not to be loved!"
Steve looked off to the side, thinking for a moment. After a few seconds, he suddenly leaned down without hesitation and connected his lips to Tony's.
Tony blinked up at him owlishly, stunned. It was too adorable to Steve. He chuckled again warmly.
"I can't believe I did something so cruel to you… And I know I'll never be able to take it back, but I'll try, Tony - I'll try forever, because even if you move on, what am I without you? My life is empty. And I miss you. Please come back to me, Tones… please come back… "
They set something alight into Tony's core; into his soul.
for mercy, because Tony knew that Steve couldn't allow himself to look so insensitive when his loved ones were on Death's doorstep.
"A fully functioning time-space GPS," he explained, without missing a beat.
incredibly sorry, Tony. For everything."
"Uh, Nat, I'm twenty-one-"
Steve suckled one of Tony's nipples and he felt his love arch into the touch, groaning softly. "Ohh Steve!"
"Instead of pushing Lang through time, you might've wound up pushing time through Lang. It's tricky. Dangerous. Someone should've warned you about it." Tony indignantly looked off to the side, albeit a little bit smug and Steve couldn't help but sigh again.
"Please Steve... please!..." Tony panted.
She tossed Steve a washcloth and raised her brow, "Yeah, Rogers? I have to and I
Steve chuckled, shuffling closer to Tony, but minding where he stepped.
She eyed Steve now during movie night.
, Tones, no matter how many times you do it, I still think getting voice-mails from AIs is weird!” she chuckled, expecting to see Tony smirking right back at her in his suit.
Tony's eyes widened comically!
Tony whined and writhed wildly beneath him as Steve continued his assault on Tony's cock!
“God, Tony, I can see what Nat means now. You need sleep.”
Steve would make sure Tony didn't doubt him. There was obviously a
"But... you see, Tony... Well, I... It felt... It felt kinda
idea how much I still love you?"
It was most definitely not okay.
Tony was curled into a ball, resting against the other side of the door and trying to snuffle his wails. His breathing increased. His head felt light. It felt numb. Everything felt numb. It was the type of numbness you would feel when the cold stings so badly, that your nerves finally give up trying to aid you in touch. It was fear creeping in like ice in his veins and sending shockwaves through his body. Tony was hyperventilating. He believed Steve didn’t want him anymore. That he had failed as a partner.
Bucky's mouth opened to protest, but Tony beat him to it.
"There he is- there's that smiling boy!" Steve muzzled Tony's neck until his laughter filled the whole facility!
He repeated it once again with Tony's arms, and his back, because his Little needed to
Scrambling up, off the bed and fumbling for his underwear, the blonde’s whole being was plummeted into the reality of what was happening. Bucky hastily covered himself and simultaneously looked for his clothes too.
sorry."
"Tony, I-"
Tony smiled against Steve's shoulder. "You know… I think- I think this is the first conversation that we've had where you didn't just call me
The pair of omegas chuckled softly to each other in the room. But there was one thing that still nagged at Bucky's mind.
But Steve nodded dumbly.
He'd won.
The coil inside his stomach snapped.His whole body went slack against Nat’s. He hummed gratefully as her seed soothed the deep ache within him.
Steve chuckled.
capable of handling Tony while you and Bucky handle this mission. The only thing that
"Yeah, I forgot your mom was a nurse. Ya sure you got her DNA in that department?" he teased. That signature lop-sided smirk finally appeared.
The door opened wide. Tony's breath caught slightly in his throat. Then… his lips quirked up into his signature lop-sided grin.
The brunette sighed contently, having forgotten what it was like to have someone touch him so intimately and gently. He reveled in the feeling.
, he felt the truth of that love and it
Steve's heart shattered at those words. He pulled Tony close to him, kissing him softly. Steve's kisses felt like home. They felt like clouds you could fly amongst forever.
His stunned teammates stared gobsmacked at his retreating form.
She placed Tony on the counter while she washed her hands, ready to bake the recipe. Tony let his adorably stubby legs sway back and forth absently and Nat took the opportunity to flick water droplets at him in between his daydreaming!
His breath came in hot puffs over Tony's face. Steve's lips were red and swollen and a light, pink blush spread over his face.
Chuckling, Nat kissed his cheek, "I'll bring you a turkey sandwich from the cafeteria. Yes, with an iced-coffee, don't worry!"
"I'll be sure to tell him that," she said softly, squeezing the doctor's shoulder on her way to order Tony's sandwich.
Tony felt nauseous. And confused.
“I’ll pay for your groceries, but that’s all,” he choked out, wiping his eyes hurriedly. He got out his wallet, “What did you buy?”
The spicy scent of pumpkin and cinnamon filled the kitchen, as soon as Tony stepped out of the elevator doors. It was overwhelming, but it was delicious.
However, he managed to compose himself within a minute; he composed his features and stood neutral.
He felt so numb.
"Something freed Tony!" she yelled joyously. A few of the patients and staff looked to their table curiously, but Natasha didn't care.
“This is no time for jokes, Steven! Do you
"Daddy... Daddy... Daddy,
"It's just a working theory, but…" Stephen sighed, "It may have something to do with Tony and Steve's biology."
was what he came for. Whether it be the rush, or just wanting to prove himself, Steve was purely focused on the aspect of a race, no matter the challenger.
I want to yell at the room
Honestly, Steve didn't know what else to
"I don't appreciate creepers checking out my baby brother-"
She pressed up against Tony’s back, her cock right at his dripping wet hole.
Tony's whimpering grew soft enough for Natasha to make out the words: "I- I kn-know I sh-shouldn't, be-because y-you are so,
*                       *                       *
It was a new physical bond that was made. An omega trusting an alpha to take care of him/her. Because it all solely involved the omega. The
you Tony. I missed you
It was simply the way the Universe worked with them.
It earned a
Despite her cold exterior, she had really come to care for her team.
"-but I never stopped loving you, which was what made it hurt the first few weeks. Now… I- I hope we're okay?" He looked to Steve again.
over.
It was out in the open. Tony breathed out a tired sigh.
"You know, I'd appreciate it if you at least asked me out for coffee before you stare at my ass."
whatever she planned to do with said target.
"Rogers, look at me!" Natasha firmly commanded, her voice deep and solid.
Nodding to herself, she turned back to her teammates. They all exchanged dumbfounded glances as Nat, Bruce and Clint huddled around Tony to comfort him. Wanda shrugged, non-committedly.
But Steve gingerly tapped his fingers under Tony's chin and lifted up the genius' beautiful, teary face.
Placing one manicured hand on the railing, Toni descended the stairs and began to weave her way towards her father, only to be intercepted by a hand on her elbow. Turning to face her captor, Toni’s brow furrowed at the sight of Justin Hammer. He was a rising entrepreneur in the city, and his taste for more… illegal methods of business wasn’t as well-hidden as Howard’s. Either way, Toni found the man to be a hack.
She must have been starving; she hadn’t eaten for nearly two days now and the kickback from the medication could not have helped. Two days was nothing in this world, a world where untouched and unspoiled food were few and far between. One learned to live with the stomach pain when there were no other options. Definitely not a time for picky eaters. Bucky began pushing the cart towards aisle four, pleased with what he found there. The aisle was picked over, but it wasn’t as barren as Bucky has seen in other places. Cans still lined the shelves here and there, and he was starting to feel much better about finding this town.
Steve laced their fingers together, giving her hand a squeeze. “We aren’t going to let you die, it’s just a broken arm, Toni. You’ve been nothing but a pain in our asses these past two days, but we don’t leave anyone behind. Not like this.”
"Yeah, well this hot little thing isn’t for your amusement." Tony hissed angrily and tried to shrug Donovan away. “Now get off. I have work to do."
Steve nodded slowly and clapped Bucky’s shoulder before moving to the door. “Thanks, Buck." He murmured as Bucky followed after him, shutting off the light and leaving Loki in the dark.
Clint groaned and stood, pacing the kitchen. "I told you, Steve, my brother is a genius. He designs computer programs and things like cars, computers and...weapons." Clint groaned again, punching the wall. "Fuck! He was complaining about his stupid flashdrive going missing after the break in and...and..."
Toni stood at the top of the stairs leading to the front entrance of the museum, watching as valets and drivers alike scrambled to get each guest into their respective cars. Her father stood four steps below her, saying his goodbyes to a couple that were adamantly expressing their gratitude for some investment Howard promised. A fat drop of rain pelted against Toni’s cheek, jarring her from her trance. A quick tapping sound drew Toni’s attention towards her fiancé, who was leaning against the railing shaking out a pack of cigarettes. “Maybe we should just head out,” Ty muttered, slipping a cigarette between his lips and fishing a hand into his jacket for a lighter. “They’re gonna have our car here any second and I’d rather not get rained on in this suit.”
Tony’s palms slid slowly over the cool metal of the prototype, fingers nitpicking at each wire before he finally slid the programming panel shut. He couldn’t believe he had finished building his first weapon, just for it to go to some crazed, power-bent man. He sighed, eyes skimming over his detailed working before lifting it, a soft sound of admiration escaping from his throat.
“Always.”
Steve knew he was right,
"What about his base of operations? Can you give us a location?" Clint asked, already trying to formulate a plan.
She woke to soft voices- not that Toni was truly asleep to begin with. She was caught in a perpetual cycle of drifting in and out of consciousness, the pain from her arm ripping her back into awareness before she could get too close. But it was those gentle whispers that finally encouraged the girl to open her eyes, her tired gaze landing on her two new companions. They stood before the workbench, backpacks splayed open before them as they took stock of what supplies they had left and reorganized. Every now and then, the brunet man would nudge his hip against his partner’s, muttering something lowly that would bring a warm grin to the blonde’s face. Was that love?
Steve rolled his eyes. “Look, it’s almost night so we have to find shelter anyways. We find a place, stay the night. Then we’ll see when she wakes up and decide what to do with her.”
The new voice rang out in the small supply room, and Toni moved to spin around on her feet when the butt of a rifle clipped her temple and sent her to the ground unconscious. Standing above her was a larger brunet, his jeans in a similarly dirty state as the Steve’s, though he was adorned in a green and black flannel rather than a leather jacket. His brown eyes were on the girl at his feet, before he leveled the blonde with an incredulous look. “Seriously? You were going to let yourself get robbed by a hundred-and-twenty-pound kid half your size?”
Bruce blinked, turning to give Clint a confused look. “Who is it?" Clint asked, leaning close to examine the screen.
“She’s not a wild animal, Bucky.”
?” Bucky asked, voice deadly low and bitter and the blonde paused.
He’s trying to get a better read on the girl, figure out whether she’s more than just a ruthless thief trying to survive. He
. Who am I to let a stupid kid wander helplessly on her own?”
Ty leaned beside the window, staring down at the street below as Toni moved for the door. “Just get some sleep first. It’s four in the morning and you look like shit. You can call him at a more decent hour when you wake up.”
“Speaking of Tony, where is he? And Bruce?” Steve added, looking to the two empty chairs and the cool pasta.
Clint hummed, leaning forward and beginning to type.
He didn’t know what made her that way, but he would not let it get worse on his watch.
What if Bucky was dead?
Rhodey hummed, turning onto a backstreet that would lead the small team up to the back entrance of the factory. “Two minutes. Just relax, Steve. We’re almost there.”
The clock on the mantle was ticking its staccato rhythm, each sharp click representing another second Steve wasted staring at the phone on his desk. He was freshly showered and clean-shaven, the breakfast tray pushed off to the corner of his desk revealing that he had even partook in breakfast. But even this fresh reset Natasha created for him had done little to prepare him for facing Howard Stark. His business partner, his
“Lucky for you, your right hand man is always a step ahead,” Bucky grinned, reaching into his suit pocket and producing a small envelope. “I was able to call in a few favors and get you an invite to one of the biggest events of the year. Baby Stark’s twenty-first birthday party.”
“Well, he’s my godfather and he’s always played a big part in my life,” Toni explained, facing the window to avoid his searching gaze. “And now that I know you two are well acquainted, we should start spending more time together. It would mean a lot to me, to see my fiancé and godfather bonding; it’s good to see you fitting in with my family.”
Toni hesitated. It was stupid, to think about something like board games when the undead roamed the streets. The only thing that should be on anyone’s minds is survival in this world. Fun and games just weren’t a thing. But, they were safely barricaded in and had a great day of looting. Perhaps they did deserve to let loose a little, celebrate their current good fortune.
“Do not touch me. I asked you to leave me alone.” Tony muttered, sitting up, but not getting off the bed. Good. At least he was running from Steve like last night.
Toni took the seat, sliding her bag from her shoulder and placing it in her lap. “I show respect to the men who earn it.”
“I don’t think we were planning on it, not that we’ve planned that far,” Bucky admitted, looking back to the girl and motioning to the arm. “It’s not like you can really fend for yourself like that. And like I said, Steve doesn’t leave anybody behind. But let me tell you, if you want to stay with us, you’re going to play by our rules. You’re going to listen to us and you definitely are not going to fuck us over like before. You hear me?”
Tony frowned, clenching his fists and looking away. “That I build these weapons or you’ll blow up the house."
Howard seemed pleased with his response. “Business indeed. But you managed to grab her before she could bite Justin’s head off in front of everyone. I appreciate that.”
"Natasha." Clint mumbled with a grin before looking Steve over. “Fix your hat again, you’re showing off too much of your face."
Clint huffed with pride an awe as Natasha glanced around the lab and growled. "Where is Tony?"
Tony nodded and stood slowly, moving over to Bucky. “Yeah. They gave me a day to help you so I…I made you this. I know it isn’t much compared to what a real arm would be, but-"
