“Kissed? I mean, before your encounter with John.”
“I’m sorry,” he said again. “I shouldn’t have interfered.”
to be taken prisoner. I didn’t
They stood in the kitchen snogging for… well, Sherlock didn’t know how long, but not too much longer, before he felt his groin stiffen again. He broke away and took a couple steps back, leaving John blinking at the empty space between them.
“Have you ever had sex?”
“That would be a question for My croft.” Anna was nervous that she that she would say too much. She sensed that she could trust Molly, but she didn’t want to put her in danger.
. Sherlock’s erection dissipated and he let out a relieved sigh. Maybe if he got up and walked around for a bit before going back to sleep, he’d be able to move on from this bothersome vein of subconscious imagination.
Sherlock stared at Molly, in shock. “Was this one with the other two?” he asked, his voice urgent, “on the boat?”
John could feel the tears coming back. He hadn’t cried since the day that Anna died but he was about to do it twice this day, now. “It wasn’t just about Anna, why I left. It was Mary, and Mycroft, and Baker Street, and the cases and Moriarty and everything. It was just the last thing, Anna was. It broke me and I couldn’t stay anymore. And I can’t go back.”
Sherlock didn’t know what to do with his hands. He was suddenly conscious of the fact that, since he wasn’t wearing his Belstaff, he had no where to put them. Jean pockets?
the case that just landed on my lap—and I mean that literally—“ Sherlock paused. “What the devil is going on there? Are you murdering a baby? Because it sounds like you’re murdering a baby.”
“Sherlock,” said John and his voice was pleading. “Sherlock I can’t carry you and we have to get to the house. We have to go. Please.” He tried lifting him again and Sherlock managed to stand on his feet. He leaned into John as they shuffled along the path, through the forest, and back up to the cabin.
“You’re right,” said John, feeling immensely tired all of a sudden. “You’re absolutely right, we’ve got to stop punishing each other. We can’t change the past. There’s no use wishing for it.”
Sherlock blinked. “Who said anything about gay?”
Yes, I know. It was insecure, to think that he would leave. But who could blame me? I was rubbish at relationships, and he’d only ever wanted women in the past. It was a recipe for disaster, and we’d constantly tread thin ice if I were to refuse him sex. Consider the facts: he’d first abandoned me to marry his sexual partner. Then, he’d left his life with
“No!” she shouted, crossing her arms.
. He felt another quiver of fear in the pit of his stomach, and tried to will it away, but couldn’t.
They were in the bathroom, the room was foggy from the shower mist, but Sherlock could still see John’s blurry silhouette in front of him. His pulse quickened and he felt a bit light headed as he leaned in and closed his eyes. John’s lips didn’t taste bad, this time; in fact, they tasted like John smelled, like coffee and aftershave, musky and sweet. The kiss was soft, and damp, damper than it might have been, for both of their faces were covered in condensation from the steam. Sherlock felt his nose slide across John’s and onto his cheek as he turned his head to deepen the kiss; in response, John’s lips parted and Sherlock felt a slight tickle of heat on his tongue as John exhaled into his mouth. Sherlock exhaled back and murmured a sound through his breath, a slight, soft moan—
“Boys?” echoed Sherlock, dryly. “Please, John. She won’t be allowed to date until age thirty, at a minimum.”
When John awoke in the morning, it was with a headache and a sense of dread at having to face his ex-best friend at the breakfast table.
She saw Moriarty twitch out of the corner of her eye. “Delicious,” he murmured in wonderment. “Simply delicious. Now the last one, Anna.”
Mary set her jaw. “Do you honestly think he’s in danger right now?”
do I have to
Molly ignored her gaze, instead staring into her coffee. Then she looked out the window, angry tears in her eyes. “I hate him,” she said, quietly. “I hate that man. Sherlock has been through so much because of that man. It’s not fair, it just isn’t.” Molly took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “You know, Sherlock’s been quite suspicious of you and your ‘band.’ (I suppose that’s when you’ve been training with Mycroft, yeah?) Well, I can tell you that Sherlock knows you’re up to something, but he seems to be completely out of his element when trying to deduce anything about you. He thought—he thinks it’s about a boy. He wanted me to talk with you about
“I need to go to bed,” John muttered, all of a sudden. He rubbed his hands over his face. “Yeah, I think I need to turn in for the night.”
“Please talk to me,” John said quietly, through the door. He thumbed a splinter at the base of the frame. “I’m not angry, I’m not upset. I just want you to talk to me.”
“Well,” said John, his face flushing. He smiled, sheepishly, and she grinned.
Because for all of Sherlock’s lack of feelings and complete disinterest of nearly everyone else’s, he was not okay with killing another person. He’d only done it once, and that was to protect John and Mary—and it had been a difficult decision, not just because of the threat of going to prison afterward. Taking another human life… that was a big deal. It was heavy.
“No…” He legitimately had me puzzled, now. “What good would it have done?”
John sighed through his tears. “This is all my fault. I knew better, the whole time. I was just… I got so swept along… I tried to end things, so many times, but I just—just—“
“I thought we’d try something new today,” Sherlock said, and without further adieu, took John into his mouth.
“At the Yard, when you interrogate him.”
, Sherlock thought.
John cringed. It was almost laughable, how absurd this whole thing was. That people were capable of doing this to each other. That, in turn, John and Sherlock had to have this conversation. “Yeah.”
“I’m sorry,” John whispered. As he spoke, his nostrils were filled with that scent again... and he couldn’t help but breathe in a little deeper than he would have otherwise. He suddenly realized that this would probably be the last time he smelled it. “I’m so sorry.” He felt Sherlock’s fingers press a little more firmly into his shirt. “I know I promised you that things wouldn’t change…”
Mycroft’s gaze silently followed them both.
John was quiet, and God Almighty, he was actually considering it. “Yes,” he said, finally.
Ah, the kiss.
John still went to the doctor’s appointment.
John nodded, unable to speak for a moment. “Bed?” he finally forced out, only able to utter the one word.
ordered the interrogation. He put his name down as the interrogator. He turned off the cameras. He told me the code to the evidence room. He took both my weapons when I left. If there was any chance of us being caught, nothing would have been tied to me...” John’s eyebrows relaxed in realization. “My God, that
, John,” Sherlock swore quietly. He held his breath against the sour smell emanating from his friend and moved to turn on the faucet. John fell forward without Sherlock to support him, and Sherlock caught him just before his head smacked against the tub’s edge. He righted him again, his arms and face getting soaked by the shower.
John swallowed. “That’s not what I said.”
“Erm, I mean, I assumed…” Anna’s eyes shifted around nervously. “She was so upset, that day…”
“Well, then you must be embarrassed of me.”
“Mycroft and Mary. They had the same plan. The hit on Anna
” Sherlock roared, deep and commanding. “
John raised his eyebrows.
“I don’t care,” John spoke thickly, turning his head to one side so that his voice was clear. “Sherlock, I don’t care. I just need you.”
he snarled, his spittle flying at John’s face
” Sherlock bellowed, finding his voice. The boy leapt off the bed like he’d had an electric shock, backing into Anna’s dresser so forcefully that he knocked over the pictures of her and John sitting on top. Anna grabbed the nearest blanket and clutched it to her chest, as she was only wearing a bra.
Anna tried to find her voice. “I—I was attacked,” she said breathlessly. The arms still held her tightly.
John slid his hand further up my inner thigh and lightly caressed my bollocks. “Sherlock Holmes wants me to suck him,” he said, not quite to me. I made an involuntary thrust forward. “How badly do you want it?”
He’d have to play with her emotions, somehow, put something she did care about at the center of it all, then try to transfer those feelings to John…
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but Anna did first. “Sherlock’s been a selfish arsehole,” she told John. “And that’s a direct quote from him, not me. He’s come to apologize.”
my thirteen years in the company of an infuriatingly willful child.”
There was a moment of silence. Then footsteps, and three knocks on the door. The guard opened it and led the prisoner through to the next room.
Sherlock’s eyes followed her across the room as he woke up a little more. “Annalise,” he said, his voice suddenly stern. “What day is it?”
And with that, she stormed out of the flat.
“SHERLOCK!” she shouted, louder.
By the time she was nine, Anna was on the offense. She’d make up wild stories, pretend to know facts that the other kids didn’t, and make fun of them when they didn’t know. She called people “Stupid,” “Idiot,” “Imbecile” (once she’d learned the word). She made other kids cry. But she was triumphant—she’d learned how to avoid being made fun of:
He blinked himself awake, turning his head to try to loosen his stiff neck. He felt the crust of dried blood in his hair, from where the person behind him had struck. He looked around, groggily, attempting to get a grasp on his surroundings: concrete room, no windows, one door—
This wasn’t really new for him, this habit of talking to John when he wasn’t actually there. He’d done it even
Lestrade had sighed and nodded, looking entirely reluctant in his agreement. “Alright, John. I promise.”
“Didn’t you hear him?” He rounded on her. “He doesn’t want to give a bloody
When he did so, John kissed him.
Molly and Sherlock sat out on the roof of St. Bart’s, staring at the buildings around them. Sherlock was thinking back to a simpler time, when all he’d had to do was fake his own death to outsmart Moriarty. But now the game was getting serious. There were so many players, and Sherlock couldn’t see the moves clearly; sentiment had fogged his field of vision. He cursed himself for that, for becoming so…
“Oh, Sherlock,” said John, and to my surprise, he laughed. “You could never disappoint me.” He stood up and planted a soft kiss on my lips.
So John did it again. And again. And he whispered, “Shhh,” and continued to rock, and did it again. And each repetition of it fueled the next one, and in some bizarre way it felt
Sherlock froze. Perhaps Lestrade had been right, perhaps this hadn’t been such a good idea. What had he expected to find? He had seen many dead bodies, even those that had been mutilated and burned, but he hadn’t seen the body of someone he cared about in that state. He hadn’t thought about how John would look—he just imagined pulling his (fully intact and recognizable) body from the rubble, cradling it, carrying it out in his arms.
have a bath?”
“Yes,” she confirmed. “Woke me up at bloody five o’clock this morning so we could get here.”
Suddenly, he reached out and took her hand. His skin was warm and smooth, and his grip strong, and Anna hadn’t held his hand since she was a little girl and he’d forced her to (against her strongly-stubborn will) whenever they were in a crowded space. He’d started doing it after he lost track of her once, when she was probably three years old—they’d gone to the zoo for the day and she was bored of looking at the sleepy lions, wanted to go back to the polar bears, and so she did. Apparently Sherlock had got distracted trying to provoke the lions into being a little more animated, and he’d turned around to find her gone.
John stopped playing with the gravel.
“We tried that already,” was their response.
“You mean, you never asked why?”
and a
, over the length of his cock, gripping it firmly. Sherlock sucked in a breath, imagining John’s face, their foreheads touching, breathing heavily onto each other’s chins, John saying something dirty, something like, “You like my hand on your cock?”, growling it, his voice deeper than normal, gruff with lust. Sherlock didn’t respond with words, just lifted his hips into John’s hand, wanting more.
“Sherlock. I
Anna, to save herself from crying, said in response, “I still prefer fiddle.”
Sherlock stared at his brother. “When a criminal is outside the reach of the law,” he began, “then yes. I believe, as you put it, in ‘sacrificing one for the good of the whole.’ In this case, sacrificing oneself to end the cycle of violence.”
I had known nothing of it until John told me, of course; my brain-space had no use for such trivial gossip the way his clearly did, which I explained to him (for what felt like the thousandth time) when he’d asked me if I’d heard about the Princess So-and-So leaving the Prince Such-and-Such. After I’d done some not-so-effective damage control (“If you think about it, John, it was actually a compliment”—“If I think about it, Sherlock, I’ll punch you in the face”), John had attempted to justify the Princess’s actions by asserting that she had left her husband for her one true love. Apparently she was enamored with another man, whom she’d known since childhood, but being with him would have interfered with her dream to become the next Princess of England, and so she had never allowed her feelings to be shown. Which was incredibly logical and intelligent, in my opinion.
It was John Watson, indeed, who was standing on her doorstep and giving her a weak smile. “Hello, Molly,” he said. “I have a huge favor I need to ask.”
John sighed and started toward him. “Of course, I do.”
care?”
“I…” John tried to remember.
it,” he said, clearly distressed.
“John was drunk and covered in his own sick, staining my furniture and smelling up the flat.”
John pulled it out of his waistband and slapped it in his hand.
expression. “So, are we going to do this or what? I already bought the jeans.” He gestured down to them. “I’m wearing
John squinted at the screen from across the room. “
Sherlock kissed him again to shut him up.
John shook his head, his eyes shining in the lamplight. “Jesus. I thought I was coming back to Sherlock Holmes… but he doesn’t even
Sherlock could almost hear him rolling his eyes. “You know… masturbate.”
But suddenly there was nothing to push and kick any longer and John choked up on his grip on the rope and pulled himself out of the water. His head broke the surface and he cried out as warm air hit his lungs. He pulled himself up onto the thicker ice where Sherlock was lying, his feet still dangling in the water. John rolled him over and saw his face was too pale with ice and snow in his hair and blue lips and blue veins in his cheeks. “Sh-Sh-Sher—“ John tried, but he was shaking so badly that he couldn’t get the word out. “Up. Up!”
Sherlock sat up as the Baroness sat in the lounge chair next to his. “I don’t see why she would need my help in particular…. or how you came to be involved.
The Baroness appeared behind him in the mirror. “Ready?”
When he came to a stop, he looked across the tennis court to see the wrong Watson sibling watching him. John Watson stood with exaggerated ease, his hands in his pockets, rocking back and forth on his heels, and the least friendly smile imaginable on his face. “Bit late for tennis, isn’t it?”
“Alright, then. I’ll serve.” John took the two wine glasses out of his back pocket and set them on the ground. He loosened the wire cage on the cork as he asked, “So, have you had a chance to go out on the water yet? The weather is lovely this time of the year.”
Sherlock resented his patronizing tone, although he could not help but hang on to his every word. Sherlock knew, intellectually, that he was not the only man who preferred other men, but to hear someone speak of it so casually, and with actual experience was something else. Wanting to give the Baroness time to do whatever it was that she had sought to accomplish by dangling him in front of Ben, Sherlock asked him about his previous paramours, and Ben happily told him some rather silly stories about an elderly viscountess’s butler, an actor, several other aristocrats, and even one very uptight lawyer. Two glasses and a decanter emerged from somewhere in Ben’s desk, and Sherlock nursed his drink while his host refilled his own several times. Sherlock made sure to laugh at the parts that were supposed to be funny, since Ben liked that.
“That’s not a problem. You know I hate this kind of thing anyways.” Harry gestured towards the party that was continuing behind them.
“It's not me that's bothering John Watson.” Sherlock replied. “Frankly, he was quite insistent on catching up.  It's
“Oh yes, that’s right. I heard she had a notion to take up some chemistry or something. Irene does get some funny ideas you know. Is she really still going at it.” At that, the bartender got Ben’s attention and he turned around to get his drink.
Now John was going over to the bartender and asking for champagne and glasses. Next he would put the glasses in his back pocket, tell the band leader to play
“Oh for God’s sake! You might never have disturbed anyone ever again."
More gently, Mycroft repeated, “Come on down Sherlock. You haven’t even started packing yet. We’ll have to leave tomorrow at 5 AM for you to board your ship on time.”
John shifted in his seat and rolled his shoulders, feeling the tension in his back beginning creep in even though the day was still early. The weather was good. He was driving himself today--Holmes was taking Mrs. Watson to her hair appointment--and John had chosen the convertible. As much as it made sense for his chauffeur to drive John in the morning so he could work in the car, he found that he did enjoy being able to drive himself from time, especially when the weather was this good. He knew that today was not going to be easy. He wasn’t looking forward to talking to Harry. But he also knew that it was the best option available. His parents were ready to cut her off entirely after the last series of transgressions, and he had used every bit of leverage he had to stop that from happening. But they demanded assurances in return. He did not feel good about it, even though he knew it was for the best. Because honestly, what had she been thinking, making that scene at the races? Or when she had gambled or drank or something-ed away several months of allowance in a week in Florida and needed him to wire money for a ticket back to New York. At least this way there would be someone to look after her. John felt that guilt again. If he was being honest with himself, he knew he had agreed to the whole thing because making her someone else’s problem (again) appealed to him. John did his best to avoid thinking about his family for the rest of the drive into the city. Thinking about Watson Industries was much more pleasant than thinking about the Watsons.
It was Sherlock. Crouched behind the car, coughing. “Sherlock! Come out of there! What were you doing?"
Sherlock turned round and fixed her with what he hoped was an intimidating stare. She showed no sign of intimidation.
“Don’t worry,” he said with resignation. “I’m going to try.” John turned away from his mother and looked back to where they had been dancing. Sherlock and Harry had left the dance floor. John looked around, trying to spot either of them. He saw his sister first. She was speaking to the bandleader. John turned and reached over and took his mother’s glass, full of red wine from her hand. As Harry started to move across the dance floor, John made his way through the dancers as well so that he would intercept her. He positioned himself near the stairs leading down into the garden with his back to Harry and extended his right hand to shake the hand of a man standing there whose name John fortunately remembered. His left hand, holding the red wine glass gestured a smidge too widely, and connected with Harry. John spun around, concern on his face, and produced a handkerchief. Harry responded with automatic assurances to John’s equally empty apologies, both knowing it had been no accident. His mother appeared at Harry’s side. “Oh Harry dear, let me help you get that out. I think Mrs. Turner can help you get that out before it sets in. Harry had no choice but to follow her mother, although not without sending John a parting glare over her shoulder.
“When one is happily in love, one forgets to check their agar plates.”
“The Watsons are not my ‘friends,’” said Sherlock, wondering how long she had known of his connection to the Watson family.
Hoping to defuse the argument, John tried to sound measured and calm as he respond. “You’re right. I planted that gossip item. But hear me out.”
“Well then  I assure you that won’t be a problem. I've seen what happens to people who fall prey to sentiment. Love is chemical defect found on the losing side,  and I fully intend to win.” said Sherlock.
Sherlock hated women that giggled like that.
Breaking into a jog, he shouted, “Holmes! Holmes! What’s going on in there?” When he pushed up one of the doors and saw that all eight of the Watson’s cars were running. John took off his jacket and used it to cover his nose and mouth as he began to turn off the cars. After he reached the third one, he heard a coughing noise and spun around. Looking up, he tried to determine what direction it had come from. He heard it again. Muffled this time, as if someone was holding their hand over their mouth. He looked towards the sound and saw a foot disappearing behind a back tire.
After Sherlock left, John turned to Harry. “What was that about?”
“What? Oh don’t be such a snob John. Besides, if alright for you to take the chauffeur's brother out for a drink, I can hardly see why I can’t invite him to the party.”
“And I’ll venture a step further. You’re unhappy in love.”
Reviews are MUCH appreciated.
John handed her a glass, and raised his own. “Cheers.”
The lights flickered, and they made their way to their seats for the first act. As they did, a well-dressed man with striking eyes noticed the Baroness and nodded, his eyes briefly resting on Sherlock before passing them in the hall.
Harry sighed, but nodded. “Sure thing brother.”
Sherlock turn around. One of Ben’s hands found their way to his back. Sherlock was now quite aware that his assumptions about his role in the Baronesses evening must have been wrong. Ben ran a finger down Sherlock’s chest then lifted it to touch the side of Sherlock’s face and tip his head back. Sherlock did not like Ben Churchfield. He thought that he was vain and arrogant. But he also felt an acute awareness of everywhere Ben was touching him and did not want him to stop. Sherlock let out a sudden gasp when Ben’s mouth settled on his neck. Ben pulled him tighter towards him as he continued to suck on Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock realized he was fisting the back of Ben’s suit. Ben closed the distance between them and Sherlock felt Ben’s erection pressing against Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock froze, contemplating for the first time where Ben expected this to go.
“One thousand pounds. The first five hundred up front. The second after the successful completion of my objective.”
bizarre sense of pride that's causing you  embarrassment, Mycroft, not me.”
“Second largest. Actually. The largest doesn’t have a son.”
John felt his temper rising. “Oh, should I have left you alone in there? I would have thought with all those textbooks, you would have read somewhere about carbon monoxide!” Sherlock looked genuinely frightened of John for a moment, but John did not care. He continued, “Do you know what would have happened if I hadn’t come along?”
“Yes. Several love affairs, of varying duration and intensity--although none I regret. I can afford to know the right people who know the right people. Don’t let them tell you it’s all doom and gloom. And honestly, women can be so tedious. I would have been absolutely miserable married with a bunch of brats. The bachelor life suits me just fine.” Ben gave Sherlock a small smile. “You’re young, handsome, clever, and have the start of the right connections. You could be having quite the time in London.”
“Make it two.”
“Oh it’s you Sherlock.” John said with a small smile. The boy looked equally startled.“I thought I heard somebody.” John couldn’t be sure in the low light, but the he might have actually dropped out of the tree. It would be the sort of thing he would do. Probably experimenting on leaves or birds or something.
“A soda would be fine,” he answered.
“Oh no! Don’t… whatever you do, you have to stay on your side of the net!” Gretchen said with mock seriousness.
“You’re going to try to buy me off.”
Ben proceeded to list several people and asked if Sherlock knew them, which Sherlock did, although he did not correct his assumption by saying that he was the brother of a chauffeur. Talk then turned to some mutual acquaintances shared by Ben and the Baroness, and Sherlock was free to observe.
Sherlock hadn’t expected that. He remained silent.
“What is what?”
“Which girl?” Mycroft asked wearily.
Ben must have sensed the change in Sherlock, and pulled back. “I’m sorry if I misunderstood. I’ve been terribly forward.”
“Isn’t that a little early?”
“You saw a lot from that tree.”
“You’re in love.”
“I merely observe.”
The first thing John Watson noticed about Sherlock Holmes was how Sherlock’s rear looked even better in his tuxedo. Sherlock was dancing with his back to John. Then Sherlock turn so that John could see his partner. It was Harry. And they were dancing much more closely than was proper between a member of the family and the chauffeur's brother. Much more closely than was proper between an
“I don’t have to listen to a word you say.”
For the first few days, their conversations did not stray from what was necessary to complete their work. On the second week Sherlock arrived at the lab and was aghast to discover he had never put the agar plates in the incubator. He had no data. He was standing silently, cursing his forgetfulness, when he realized the Baroness was standing behind him. Sherlock stiffened and tried to prepare a retort to any observation she could make about his failure.
“Yes.”
“And here we are,” she said as they arrived at the tailors.
John stopped and raised his eyebrows, “That will be a little difficult, Gretchen.”
“Ah well--I am sure it would be quite another story for you if you learned to use what you have to your best advantage.” She continued. "Do you even know what wonderful cheekbones you have? Speaking of which. I believe you could be of assistance to me.
If anyone wants to Beta, I am still looking.
“I imagine it should be clear to you of all people.” Sherlock said, gesturing at their surroundings.
It was on one of those afternoons that Sherlock found himself watching an undercover policeman watching some low level criminals. The policeman was so obvious that Sherlock was sure that his quarry had also spotted him. His clothing was too nondescript. His posture too alert. And he clearly wasn’t actually reading the paper in front of him. Sherlock watched as the pair of ne’er-do-wells communicated silently to each other from across the park that their handoff would have to wait until another time. Long after they had left, the policeman remained, unaware that the operation had failed. Sherlock told himself it was boredom which compelled him to approach the officer and tell him what he was doing wrong. The first time he told him to bugger off, but by the fourth time, when Sherlock accurately determined who the man they were looking was, and the police caught him with the goods still on his person, Lestrade started to listen.
They both smiled at some private joke. Sherlock noted the reaction, although he did not know its basis. The Baroness was unlikely to have a reputation for overindulging, and even less likely to laugh about it.
Sherlock looked up and look the proffered Coca-Cola from him. “Thank you Mr. Watson.”
“That would be agreeable,” she responded.
Without Gretchen, John was able to walk very quickly to the garage, even with his limp. As he approached, he noticed that something was wrong. He could hear a rumbling, and once he got within a couple of meters, he realized that it was the sound of cars running. Many cars.
“Yes. Certainly,” answered Sherlock.
“Oh you can’t do that brother.” Harry said, having walked up behind him as he had been talking to Sherlock. “Saturday is the party remember?”
“Incredible,” said John as he parked the car in front of the garage.
“Harry, I’m sorry to bother you again, but do you mind looking in on the Holmes kid? He got himself sick from car fumes. Probably best if someone sat with him for a bit.”
“Well, we’ll need to get you to stop looking like a sheep dog.”
“You would like me to use my brother’s position to gain access to him seduce him? That’s quite a long shot for the chauffeur's brother.”
“Oh she has already consented. I went ahead and booked your ticket back to the States two days from today. I hope that’s agreeable.”
Despite the accounts he gave his brother, in his third year, Sherlock did meet one interesting classmate. It was during the lab portion of a class. Unlike the lectures, in order to pass, Sherlock had to appear in person. Sherlock would have been bored out of his mind if he had not been partnered with the only other student in the group who was not an idiot. (Why did they need to spend several days on basic procedures? It was as spending the first week at the Le Cordon Bleu learning how to crack eggs)
“And you want me to convince this Mr. Garrideb he should?”
“True, but you know as well as I do that I’m the only reason mother and father haven’t cut you off completely. How many times have to thrown away their money and I’ve been the one to convince them to forgive you? How many times have I
“Sherlock!” It was Angelo who had called out, wiping his hands on his apron as he hurried across the driveway. Other servants soon emerged and followed him. Sherlock got out of the car and was surrounded by the welcoming party. John decided that it was probably best to let Sherlock have his reunion with the servants in peace but thought it would be rude to walk away without taking his leave of Sherlock.
“‘Get over it?’ Love is not a cold dear.”
Sherlock had smiled to himself as he sent his most recent letter and wished he could be there to see his brother’s sequence of reactions to the news and subsequent discoveries about his new acquaintance. The baroness had continued to invite him to social occasions, sometimes even, without an ulterior motive. Between cases with Lestrade and evenings with the Baroness, Sherlock realized that he was actually enjoying London.
John deposited the incapacitated Sherlock on the settee and perched himself on the edge to get a better look at his patient. Sherlock groaned and rubbed his head but stopped when he opened his eyes and saw John staring down at him.
“Alright.”
When Sherlock and the Baroness were alone again in her car (the window between them and the driver rolled up), Sherlock asked, “So, did you find what you were looking for?”
She smiled. “I’ve found in my old career it was essential to be able to read people.”
Several hours later, Sherlock was looking at himself in a mirror in the guest room of the Baroness's London flat. He conceded (internally) that she had been right. A haircut and a well tailored suit did make a difference. He didn’t look like the strange boy who lived above the Watson’s garage. He could be anyone. He realized he was standing up straighter too. He also wondered how much the baroness had had to pay the tailor to do the alterations that quickly. She also hadn’t just bought him the outfit he’d wear that night (a white tie tuxedo) but several other suits for various occasions.
Sherlock nudged John’s side with his index in retaliation. He was lying on his side, his torso against John’s waist and hip as John had sat up with his back propped against stacked pillows, a book in his lap.
I sighed looking out the window thoughtfully and then the realisation came to me. Starry night. Summer. Countryside.
But if any of you are bothered by anything, feel the tags and warning don't cover everything or that our boys' relationship is not healthy by the end of this, then PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE TELL ME. I want this to be a healthy relationship by the end so it matters a lot to me.
index and middle fingers against the flap of his robe.
Sherlock's POV
silent against John’s spine.
“We have not had anything more than a 5 in a while. So when… When the adrenaline kicked in yesterday, when the world sharpened into focus, when the first shots were fired, I was afraid”
Yes. I know. It was with me. But I thought we agreed that this façade of trusting her had fallen. Fallen hard. Never to come back. You had insisted. I had pushed you to trust her before. I trusted her before. I promised to never do it again. I thought you didn’t care. Why are you saying this? I purse my lips. Pulse elevated, soon my breathing will be erratic. I’ll be hyperventilating if you don’t explain this to me right now.
I heard clatter and the door shut loudly due to the heavy wind and the next moment I saw you run up the stairs. I was worrying on my lower lip and your eyes lingered on the movement. I could feel the unanswered questions and silent accusations of anger going through my eyes and I knew you heard them and they hurt you. I knew I hurt you every single day since I met you and I didn’t seem able to stop. Maybe I needed you to speak to me, talk me out of it, shout at me, yell at me like my dead wife had done or even wail like my daughter was doing all the time nowadays. But no words came from your impeccable, wet lips. No one else was here now. No one was going to hear or know anything of what I wanted and was going to do. You gave me that so willingly. You gave me safety. To be angry, to shout, to hurt. You gave me space for the bubble to burst. You gave me yourself so selflessly. I couldn’t bear it anymore. I couldn’t hurt you anymore. I needed to get passed this.
It was not the first time John’s love hurt in that good, best, honey-thick way. It hurt when John kissed him good-morning, when he called him sweetheart (and all manners of pet names which Sherlock had deemed unforgivably ridiculous before, moving on). And most of all it hurt when they’d make love, when John tried to fill every crack in his soul with everything he had always lacked.
Sherlock feels about to blush or burst with indignation. "Your snoring was annoying".
Suddenly your face is hot against mine and I manage to catch your wrists just in time for your fingers not to mess up my hair. I knew you were going there. I whine as my lips part involuntarily and your wet tongue shoots through them, making me shiver. You press a leg between mine. My eyes widen. No, no, no. I push you back sloppily with a whine of your name.
Bewildered grey eyes searched for his at once. “You… do?”
I shot a glance at you incredulously. That obviously wasn’t what I was talking about, Watson. I hang my head and swallowed shifting from one leg to the other.
‘It’s not okay.’ You’re sobbing. No. Of course not. None of this is okay. Look at us. What have we become? What did we do to each other? I act as if in a trance, my fingers sliding up your shoulder, feeling the thin threads of the black shirt underneath. Still wearing black then. Still mourning. For her or for us, John? This is definitely not okay. But what could it ever be? Did we ever have a real chance at this? Was it an illusion? For the moment, that seems to be true as my fingertips feel the warmth of your spine and neck, nestling you there. It was an illusion. Shattered the moment one obstacle arose after the other. We didn’t fight for it, John. Both of us. We gave up. Not that we weren’t entitled to. Anyone would have after seven long years of waiting and suddenly shattered chances. A deep inhale. Shaky exhale. This might be the last time I ever hold you in my arms. You’re not the steady presence I always found reassuring. You’re broken… just like me.
“Hmm.”
John cursed his luck. Waylaid by that grating man from General Electric. Of course he had had to be polite, but the hours he had spent with him on that deal back in February had been enough for him. Gretchen was probably wondering where he was. He was in such a hurry that he did not see the figure standing in the dark until he had almost run into him.
“You passed out,” John answered before Sherlock said anything.
“I’ve been watching you.”
“Why are you doing this?”
Sherlock smiled. “I appreciate it.”
you’re interested.”
“It was an experiment.” Sherlock made an attempt to support his own weight.
“Oh, we run in the same circles. I think I met her at some tedious party in Soho.” The bartender handed Sherlock his drinks.  “We shouldn’t keep your date waiting.” Ben said with a smile. “But if the two of you don’t have any plans after this is over, you’re welcome to come back to my place. I’ve just gotten some fabulous bottles of dessert wine.”
“Thank you Harry -- I will make it up to you somehow.” John said as a he pulled out of the driveway.
Sherlock stayed in the tree until he was sure that Mycroft was gone, even though he had lost sight of John. He probably already left to meet Gretchen at the Tennis Courts.
John had been stepping closer to Sherlock as the conversation had continued. He halted his forward progress and sighed. “I was afraid of that.” Just then, the note of
“Sherlock, you may have adopted some unusual habits while abroad, but remember I am still employed by the Watson family. Don’t forget that to them, you are only the chauffeur's brother,” Mycroft said. “And if you were thinking of bothering John Watson. Don't.”
“TENNIS! I like playing TENNIS with him! That doesn’t mean I want to marry him!” Harry shouted. In the hallway outside John’s office, the secretary pool listened attentively.
“Because I have a soft spot for love sick puppies? Because I need tall, handsome and mysterious young man on my arm tonight and you’re the best option I have at such short notice? Does it matter?”
Sherlock bent forward to open the case. As he pressed on the latches, he felt Ben’s hand on his side. Ben was standing much closer than necessary, or within the bounds of social norms. Sherlock found himself leaning back into the contact.
“Well, that’s too bad because Harry could use your help,” she said.
“Oh?”
“Long Island. The North Shore.”
“Because I like you Sherlock, I am going to give you some advice. Think carefully before you do something you can’t take back. Because it’s never people like Harry who end up with the consequences.”
“That does sound lovely.” Sherlock said, mirroring Ben’s expression. “If you’ll let me ask my companion.” He turned to make his way back to where the Baronesses was waiting. As he approached her, she smiled. “Thank you Sherlock.”
Eventually, the Baroness excused herself to powder her nose. As soon as she had left, Ben stood and beckoned Sherlock. “I have something to show you that I believe you might be interested in.”
"I could never give up Harry. I cannot assign a value to her regard.” Sherlock said, doing his best to look affronted.
“Good good.” They came to a stop and John released Sherlock’s hand to grab Sherlock’s cheek. “There’s a smart lad.” And John planted an exaggerated kiss on Sherlock’s cheek.
“Good evening.”
“Yes.”
“Hello Mycroft,” Sherlock said as he emerged into the sitting room holding a had and a bottle of wine. “These are for you. The wine is--”
“And now they’ve gone and found her a new fiancé but she is quite certain she is done with all
Sherlock considered this information and found himself feeling a sudden fondness for Harry. And after all she had always been kind to him despite being several years older and a member of the family that employed his brother. She had even tried to teach him how to roller skate (unsuccessfully). In some ways it made sense that they had this in common as well.
“Yes. Proof he’s been passing information. Probably to the Russians.” Looking mischievous, she continued, “I hope you also found what you were looking for as well.”
“Hmmm?” Ben said without turning around.
“The one in the green dress. I’ve never seen her before. She’s not part of the usual Long Island set. I was wondering if I had deduced her correctly.”
Sherlock hoped his face didn’t confirm that she was correct.
“You think all girls that John looks at are silly.”
Sitting up quickly and moving his legs away from where John was seated, Sherlock said, “I’m all right. You can go now.”
, he thought.
She had caught his attention immediately. She differed in every way from the rest of Sherlock’s classmates--so different in fact that she was almost impossible to deduce initially. He had no exemplar with which to base his deductions. She was female. She was older (mid-thirties). Her accent was infuriatingly generic. And money did not appear to be an issue for her, if her bag and shoes were any indication. He eventually surmised that she was recently widowed, which accounted for her freedom and ability to afford a place at the university. It did not explain however why she had chosen to use that fresh freedom and money on a science degree. “To what end?” he wondered. She had no interest in the young men in the class despite her habit of wearing dramatic red lipstick. He eventually learned her name, Irene Dacre (née Adler) and that she was a dowager Baroness.
“Come on, out of here.” John said, dragging a stumbling Sherlock out of the garage. John directed Sherlock towards the open door. He asked again. “What were you thinking Sherlock?”
John’s laugh startled Sherlock. “Oh you’re something Sherlock Holmes. Now, tell me, what do you think you’re playing at.”
“Perceptive.”
“Great,” said John, rocking onto the balls of his feet. “How about I pick you up on Saturday around 6 pm?”
True to her word, the next day the baroness sent a car to collect Sherlock at his apartment. When he opened the door, she was seated inside. “Hello Sherlock. We will be visiting the tailor’s first, then the salon to do something with your hair, and then dinner? That should give them some time to finish any alterations.”
“Experiment?! For a smart young man, that was incredibly foolish! What the hell type of experiment involves starting all the motors and closing all the doors?”
Gretchen nodded. “Mmhm. Daddy has a few boats on the east coast, although I much prefer sailing off California.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to defend Harry, but he couldn’t think of a single thing to say that wouldn’t sound like a blatant lie to John. The fact that John was simultaneously leading him around the court wasn’t helping. John had obviously meant to catch him off guard and intimidate him with his boldness, and it was working.
When they arrived, Sherlock found that he mostly could remain a silent presence as Irene directed them towards people she wished to talk to, something that Sherlock was grateful of. He answered some questions about how he was finding London, his studies, etc. and his efforts at approximating a sociable response seemed to be accepted. And fortunately, when they inquired about where he was from, he could name the right neighborhood, and they came to their own conclusions. First they spoke to some bankers (boring). Then some lawyers (boring and balding). Then an actress (somewhat interesting, a functional alcoholic).There was still no sign of whoever it was the Baroness was trying to get the attention of by using him as bait.
“Well, Mr. Holmes, you see a lot.”
“West Coast girls are so silly.”
like some opera. “What is it?”
“Now, John, you know the rules of the game,” Gretchen chided.
Mycroft stopped and looked out in the direction of the docks, and continued, “And if our parents were alive, they would be so happy you were going there -- Sherlock, I know you don’t remember Mummy well, but she was one of the most brilliant scientists of her age. Her work made her so happy. That’s what I want for you. I’m not telling you that you have to be a researcher like her… or a minor government official like I was, but you know how I feel about these sort of people. Content to enjoy what’s been handed to them, not an original thought amongst them. Our parents, myself, we had pride in our work, and that’s as much as anyone can want in this world.”
Sherlock gets a London education.
“It’s good to see you brother. You look well,” Sherlock responded.
Sherlock let himself into his brother’s apartment and began to unpack in what had been his childhood room. After Sherlock had showered and begun to press his outfit for the night the front door suddenly opened and he heard his voice call out. “Sherlock?”
Hi all. Sorry this update took so long! I had a couple other things competing for my creative energy and I also really didn't like my first attempt at this chapter.
Sherlock adjusted the lenses on his telescope, and two dancing figures came into focus. John Watson and a giggling woman. Her dress (new and expensive), her jewelry (old and expensive) and her ease in a well-to-do crowd, told him she was definitely old money. The coloring of her hair (darker roots with natural highlights) and the way she wore powder to conceal her freckles told him that until recently she had lived somewhere much sunnier. Probably California. Probably oil money. And anyone could have deduced what it meant when she wrapped herself around John Watson and giggled at everything he said.
Harry stood silently. John pulled down a the screen and pressed a button causing a projector on a side credenza to flicker to life. The images showed a desert with a rocket perpendicular to the ground.
and then he would head to the tennis court. Predictable.
So the phrase "power move" seems to be anachronistic for a late 40ish setting, but a gangster sort of intimidating kiss is apparently not. My google history is interesting.
“Oh, I doubt she has any confusion on that account. Irene has spent enough time in my circle to know me pretty well. Between Amalfi and several hunting weekends with the Chesters, she must know exactly how much my type you are. It was rather transparent of me to invite the two of you back here,” Ben answered.
“Sherlock. Please to meet you.” Ben’s manner was carefully calculated to make him appear open and friendly, but Sherlock could deduce that he was anything but casual about this interaction. Mr. Churchfield’s eyes watched him closely and his smile remained fixed.
“I would have died,” Sherlock said flatly, looking somewhere over John’s shoulder.
“Come on down from there, Sherlock!”
“Where did you get the idea that I would go along with this?” Harry said.
He should be bothered that John treated every woman he pursued in exactly the same way. But for some reason, Sherlock was only more fascinated. Sherlock knew that he was smarter than everyone else except for Mycroft, but romance and sex were something that still mystified him. Sherlock understood the mechanics, of course. But how people went about it was something else entirely. John, on the other hand, seemed to understand intuitively what someone wanted to hear, and said it. And of course, John was much more charming than Sherlock’s peers. What sixteen year old girls found appealing about sixteen year old boys was beyond him. Still, he wondered at the fact that the women never seemed to see through John’s rather transparent seduction attempts. A flurry of boating and dinners and dancing, and then the excuses would start. Something urgent at Watson Industries. Apology flowers would be sent. And eventually she would get the hint, and that would be that. Until the next one.
Anna began to cry in Mary’s arms, and she shifted her to the other hip. “Tell me, John. Tell me what you did.”
Sherlock gave him a sharp nod in response, and John lowered his arms to his sides. He observed John’s old tremor, again, in his left hand, making the fingers squeeze in on themselves every so often.
“You were thinking about vomiting at the smell of her feet.”
“Thank you
Sherlock stared at the ground. “Then tell me what I should
, Anna chanted in her head, over and over and over.
I rolled my eyes. He could be so dramatic. “I’m not suicidal, for God’s sake. It’s just, eating is so boring. And a waste of time. And anyway,” I continued, pouting a little, “my teeth hurt.”
Upon entering, Mrs. Hudson opened the door to her rooms and came out to greet him. “Sherlock, there was a strange man here earlier, looking for you, he was quite rude, wanted me to—”
don’t even trust…” He faded off. “But that was selfish of me. I should have told the police everything that happened, and dealt with the consequences later.”
John huffed a laugh. “Yeah… she’s having a normal human response.”
“I want you,” Sherlock says to him, and rocks backwards so that the tip of John’s prick rubs on the opening. “John. I want you.” The thing in John’s chest twists tighter, and he grits his teeth and pushes solidly inside.
“Oh, just let her do it,” said John, exasperated.
Sherlock was obviously caught off guard by the question. “I… well… she’s very smart, of course. Quick-witted, to be more descriptive.” His face began to relax. “She likes to give me a hard time. Calls me out when I’m being…” He pursed his lips. “You know.”
She’d spoken to me a few times in our classes. She was reasonably, objectively attractive, not incredibly intelligent but not stupid enough to be a turn-off. I wasn’t particularly attracted to her but at the time I didn’t know what it really meant to be attracted to someone. I thought things would just...
The prisoner snorted. “Not exactly the conversationalist, are you?”
an interview.” He smiled. “She didn’t have much nannying experience but there was something…
They stood there and played together for a few minutes, beautifully, and when they began to reach the conclusion of the song, Anna followed his lead to the end. The silence afterward was so full that they both just stood there for a moment, experiencing it.
Sherlock ignored her, concentrating instead on getting down the stairs without dropping anything.
“Okay,” John echoed, letting go of his hands to reach into his bag and extract a pair of gloves. “Show me where it hurts.”
Sherlock steepled his fingers in front of his lips. “You’re right,” he muttered between them. John looked up. “I wouldn’t have.”
was what he wanted to say, apologize for being such an arse, bring their friendship back around to the place where they were pleasant with each other and pretended that John wasn’t drifting away from him. It was better than
managed to do so, I suggest you drop any and all weapons. That includes your knife, Miss Watson,” he added. He raised his eyebrows in a private look at Sherlock, then smiled darkly.
John chopped the onion very fine with his knife and scraped it into the pan which was now sizzling with the heated butter. Out of the corner of his eye he watched Sherlock close the door to the stove and come over and get two cups from the shelf. The detective searched around until he found the tea bags John kept in the tin and put one in each of the cups and filled them with the boiled water. The steam came up and thick in the cold air.
(See the end of the chapter for
He looked at his watch—fifteen minutes until midnight, forty-four hours and fifteen minutes until John was home and back in his bed. He stuck the cigarette back in his mouth and sucked down the smoke.
Suddenly, he felt something that he had not felt in many, many years, like a white hot fire engulfing his body.
Molly giggled, her mood lifting suddenly as she imagined it. “That’s why I volunteered,” she explained. Then her smile melted as she realized the depth of what she’d actually volunteered for. “Anna…” she started. Then, “I’ll keep your secret.”
The silence in the room was deafening. Ella blinked. “Oh!” she said, just to say something to break the tension, John thought. “Well.” She paused, looking down at her notes, then back up at the two of them. John was sure they looked like the two most miserable people on the planet.
“John!” Lestrade shouted again, his voice shrill this time. “The fire crew will be here any minute, we have to get out of here!”
Just like I wanted.
Molly eyed Sherlock’s back. “No, I’d better pop off to bed. I have
John. Any time he got a free moment, he fell asleep almost immediately; for someone who used to go days without sleeping for a case, he found he didn’t know the meaning of “tired.” One time, at the beginning—he cringed at the memory—he’d been so exhausted (and frustrated that he didn’t even have time to be properly upset about it) that when Anna woke him for the third time during the night to cry at him for no reason, he started crying right back at her. They just sat on the couch, wailing together, for what seemed like hours but was probably no more than ten minutes. They ended up falling asleep on the sofa and only woke when Mrs. Hudson brought in their usual morning tea.
Molly rubbed her eyes. “Sherlock, we already knew that. We conducted those autopsies thoroughly… the girl died hours before the fishermen, and Mary—or whoever—
“Well, perhaps I should amend that statement,” Mycroft continued, rotating back and forth in his swivel chair with his fingers folded under his chin. “I can protect John, to an extent—filter out any security footage that places him near the scene, that kind of thing—but Gregory Lestrade…” he trailed off, and sighed.
“Okay. Pick which one you want.” She chose the largest one on the stand, and he counted out some of the change in his hand to give back to the vendor. The little girl unwrapped the chocolate and pushed her long, dark hair out of her face before taking a big bite.
John’s had anal sex before, so he knows how this is done. He’s never had a participant quite this eager, before, though, and he’s surprised at how little work it is to get Sherlock ready. Pretty soon he’s got three fingers in and Sherlock is squirming and making those goddamn sounds, and John can’t wait any longer. He pulls out the fingers and slips on a condom and lines up his cock and asks, “You want me?”
I’d started to kiss his neck. When I reached his pulse point, I felt him collapse against me and press his hips forward, breathing hard.
John’s eyes were glassy. They swam in great pools. “I never knew you to think anything was impossible.”
To Anna’s surprise, Sherlock scowled at him. “I
She touched them on the map. That’s where she needed to go. She would have to go the long way round, though, because she was following the vents; they ran along the floor, in the thick stone walls.
. He stood up and grabbed her knickers with one hand, pulling them the rest of the way off her legs and dropping them on the floor, and then undid his own belt and zip. Molly propped herself up on her elbows to have a look.
Mary’s eyes were shining, and she nodded. “I
Sherlock popped his head out from behind his bedroom door. “Is there a good reason you’ve woken me up with all that shouting?” he grumbled, rubbing his eyes. “I certainly hope so.”
“Tell—tell me again,” I panted.
Sherlock’s face had grown perfectly still, impassive, the way it always did when he was observing something intently. This time it was John.
“No.”
He smiled. “That’s my girl.”
“Fine!”
Suddenly, Sherlock turned and flung himself over the toilet, retching loudly. John blinked, taken aback, then went to him. “It’s alright,” he said, his voice hoarse. “It’s alright, it’s—“ Sherlock retched again. John put his hands tenderly on his back, in what he hoped was a reassuring way. It was all he could do at the moment; he was in shock.
Sherlock blinked, surprised. He scanned the street. “Where are your parents?”
After much convincing, John and Anna went back to Baker Street alone. Mycroft had arranged for Sherlock to be moved to a hospital in London the very next morning, and Sherlock insisted that he didn’t need either of them to help escort him in the ambulance. He didn’t seem to notice that they were both offended at not being wanted, but then again, that was just typical Sherlock. Still, Anna was quiet most of the cab-ride back, resting her feet on the back of the seat in front of her and facing out the window. John stole a glance in her direction and found her staring through the glass. “Are you alright?” he asked.
So he hadn’t gone to the pub after work, and therefore had come home earlier than usual. He’d gone upstairs and flung open his bedroom door, just wanting to collapse, when there, in front of him, was Sherlock’s bare arse, Sherlock wanking over his bed.
I took a deep breath. “That’s not true.”
John sighed deeply. “Fine. That’s not what I came to talk about, anyway.”
Molly’s eyebrows grew together in confusion. “But…”
Mary’s face relaxed. “Oh, you’ll have plenty of time to recover,” she assured. “I estimate it will take me a year, maybe two, to fully—“
John contemplated that as he scratched the cat under its chin. It closed its eyes and sank into his fingers. “Polly,” he said, suddenly smiling. “Polly and Molly.”
John rolled his eyes. Mrs. Hudson was always going on about how Sherlock and John were a couple—for God’s sake, John had been married for over a year. Couldn’t she finally give it a rest?
“I… of course I did!” Sherlock suddenly felt defensive, though he didn’t know why. He hated that coat, always thought it was the most horrid garment on the planet. But it had been useful. It had been a large part of his life for the last thirteen years, and what did John know about it? He hadn’t been there.
Mycroft had said.
. “Say my name,” John murmured, suddenly feeling desperate. He ran his thumb back and forth over the plump mouth, mesmerized by his desire to kiss it. “Please… I want to feel my name on your lips.”
, John thought, as he stood in the laundry room with Sherlock’s slept-in sheets pressed to his face.
Sherlock spun around and punched Lestrade in the face.
Ten minutes later, Sherlock was walking in a slow circle round John and Anna, hands behind his back, his coat swirling about his legs as he studied the child. “So?” asked John, nearly at his wit’s end.
Mycroft, of course, ignored it. Instead he “hmmm’ed” in reply, then moved a nearby chair closer to the sofa and sat, crossing his legs. “I have something to discuss with you, Annalise, which is most delicate in nature. It pertains to the…" he paused, "...
John had been in cold water before but nothing that took his breath away like the frigid water of the pond. For a moment he thought he had blacked out from the shock of it but it was only because the water was so dark underneath the ice and snow where no light could get in. His clothes were very heavy and wet and when he managed to raise his head above the water to gasp they pulled him down again. At once John knew that he did not want to die himself. Not out here, not like this, in a pond of his own making. He felt for the extension cord around his waist. His hands were already numbing but he could still feel it and he pulled up on it so that he could hang on with his head above the water. The ice in front of him broke and broke but eventually he pulled himself far enough forward that he was able to get back up on the ice and climb out. The dog had stopped splashing in the water. John stood and undid the knot of the cord around his waist and walked up the path to the cabin. He did not look back.
Sherlock couldn’t meet his eyes.
Anna realized.  She sat up and looked out the back of the craft. The other boat was still in pursuit, but her heart sank as she realized it was slowly receding into the night. She needed to stop their boat, or Mary might lose the other and then… and then who knew what would happen. Mary was most definitely not a sane person, and Anna was not willing to be a prisoner of the insane again. She felt for the pocket knife in Sherlock’s coat and gripped the side of the boat to help herself stand up. She gritted her teeth and readied to pounce—but then Mary turned around, and their eyes met.
knew would already have seven different foolproof plans to save Anna. He would have realized in a split second that I wasn’t a spy for Moriarty. He would have
Sherlock drew himself up. “You should apologize.”
brain, after all—but none of it seemed promising. Instead I simply sat there, my mouth bubbling like a fish out of water, getting more ashamed by the second.
“Anna,” Mary called over the sound of the straining engine. “Anna, please, listen to me.” Anna looked around the boat, ignoring Mary’s voice.
.” She remembered how intense his eyes would seem when he spoke like that. “Most people become so attached to the powerful players that they forget to look at the greater picture; it’s not about one piece, it’s about winning the
a statement. Now that Violet’s dead, Sherlock is the only one who can give that to us—“
, John thought at him.
“Done.”
John had taken the convertible and was feeling uncharacteristically relaxed. Preparations for Harry’s wedding were coming along well. The merger was close to closing, pending many lawyer hours. On a whim, John decided he wanted stop and grab a few magazines and a soda. The most convenient place on the route home was small newsstand at the local train station. As he pulled into the station, he saw a man, bending over, routing through his luggage. His suit was tailored well, in a slim, European, style and John couldn’t help but let his eyes linger on what had to be one of the most extraordinary behinds, man or woman’s, that he’d seen in awhile. The round curves of his backside was in contrast to the long lines of his legs. John heard himself exclaim “Well hello!” in a rather friendly fashion before he had even realized that he had spoken at all. The man turned around, looking startled, and when his eyes met John for a second he seemed even more disturbed, but quickly composed himself and responded with a cool “Good afternoon.”
“Now I don’t like the sound of that,” said Mycroft as Sherlock rolled his eyes and closed the door to his bedroom so he could continue to get ready for the party in peace.
“And damn fast too with right cars running. It’s a good thing I was just leaving with Ms. Van Horn.”
“Splendid.”
“This is inhumane John. People don’t just marry off their daughters for cattle or treaties anymore! I won’t do it!”
“I doubt Harry would agree to such a--”
“Nice to see you Ben.”
A few feet outside the garage, they stopped. “Here, take a deep breath. That’s it.” Sherlock complied, inhaling and exhaling slowly but deeply. Suddenly, his eyelids fluttered. John caught him as he fell forward limply. Sighing, John picked up the unconscious boy and began to carry him up the stairs to the apartment over the garage Sherlock shared with his brother.
Sherlock’s gaze snapped to meet John’s.
“You can suffer through a Watson family party I’m sure Sherlock,” said Harry.
Mycroft looked at the ceiling as if he thought the light fixtures might have the answers to how to convince his little brother to start acting reasonably.
began to drift into the indoor tennis court. John gave a short laugh. “Oh Harry and her jokes.”
“Well, good luck!” John answered. Frankly, John was not sure that someone like Sherlock really needed a traditional college. He had already digested medical school textbooks on his own at thirteen. “Just don’t spend all your time studying. Remember to enjoy yourself,” John said with a wink. “You’ll have the rest of your life to be an adult!” John waved as he headed to the tennis complex.
“Well, be that as it may, I do have an early appointment tomorrow. Maybe some other time Sherlock?” Ben said.
Sherlock made as if to leave, but John stepped forward, blocking him. “No, I don’t think so.” He was still smiling, but John made no effort to mask the menace in his unbroken eye contact. “We’ve been terrible hosts. I know I’m not my sister, but please allow me.”
Gretchen hiccuped.
John grinned, and started towards her.
When they arrived outside Ben’s home, Sherlock had still not solved the puzzle. A butler opened the door for them and showed them into the room where Ben was seated.
Sherlock was always polite and a bit shy around him. Which was strange because he had heard some stories about the younger Holmes’ lack of decorum. John had once gotten him to open up a little bit when he had realized Sherlock had an interest in science and lent him some of his old textbooks.
“Thank you George. If you could bring the drinks out now, please,” Ben said with a wave of his hand. “Please sit down you two,” he said and turned to Sherlock, “Now, Sherlock,” I don’t believe I know where in the States you’re from.”
“Well, this violin happens to be quite old. Early 19th century. Been in the family for half that time but I confess I haven’t a musical bone in my body.”
Sherlock returns.
,” the Baroness continued. “You’d think they would stop trying to up with
“I’ll be down soon, Mycroft.” Sherlock cut off his brother.
When they reached the door of the apartment, John knocked, and called out “Holmes?” When he did not hear an answer, he pushed on the door and found it to be unlocked. John could not help looking around. He had never had a reason to enter the chauffeur’s quarters before. There was a tea set sitting out. The walls were covered in bookshelves which were filled with with serious looking hard back volumes. The space between the twin windows which was the only portion of the walls of the small sitting room that did not have a bookshelf had a painting of some gentlemen on a fox hunt. It struck him as very English. Not that he had ever really been to England.
“And do remember your passport.”
An ensemble in white suites was playing a jazz waltz. One of the trumpets kept slipping out of tune. A man was chatting with his mistress’s husband. The first man knew, the second did not. The bartender was stealing tips from partner. A woman was unhappy that she did not have a new expensive dress to wear and her husband was anxious because they had money problems, but had not told his wife yet.
“So, how do you know Irene?”
As he took his place among the people gathered round the bar, he realized that the person standing in front of him was the same man who had nodded earlier. Acting his new theory that the Baroness had intended to use him to make this man jealous, he observed him more closely. The man’s hair was slicked back with considerable hair product. He looked to be in his early thirties, some sun damage but no calluses indicated a life of leisure with summers on the mediterranean. He was rather fit as well. Sherlock could tell by the man’s body language that he was aware that Sherlock was behind him, or at least was more aware of the presence of the person behind him than was typical for some other reason.  He had most likely seen him talking to the Baroness and had turned away when Sherlock had headed in the direction of the bar. The man finished ordering his drink and turned to rest his elbow on the counter as the bartender made his drink and smiled at Sherlock.
The baroness reached up and ran her fingers through his hair. “Your cheekbones might be divine but the rest of you is a work in progress.” Affronted, Sherlock tried to come up with a response, but before he could, she leaned forward and put a finger over his lips. “If love’s an illness, the only cure I know it a good haircut and a new dress.” Stepping back and looking at him, she continued, “In your case, I suppose it will have to be a new suit.”
When the elevator opened on his floor, Mrs. Hudson was at her desk in front of his office. “Good morning Mr. Watson. There’s papers from the lawyers for you on your desk. I just put the coffee on. It should be ready in a minute.”
“Yes. I deduce that your opening offer will be somewhere around five thousand dollars, but your upper limit is around twenty thousand.”
“Hullo, Harry, do you mind sitting here with Ms. Horn while I go get the car to drive her home?”
John hurried down the stairs into the garage and got into the closest car. As he turned the ignition, a unbidden thought entered his mind. Sherlock couldn’t possibly have been that foolish. Then why would he have done something like that if he had known how dangerous the exhaust would be? No, that’s not possible. Boys were supposed to be excited about going off to college. But then again, Sherlock was hardly the typical teenager. He pulled up to where Harry was waiting with Gretchen, and Harry helped Gretchen into the passenger seat.
“Well, Harry is a dear old friend of mine actually. Poor dear has had to tow the line if she wants to keep herself from being cut off, but she always has a grand old time when she makes it to the continent.”
John suddenly remembered the reason he had been going into the garage in the first place. He decided that he should stay with Sherlock until he came to, and then go back down and get a car and pick up Gretchen from where he had left her with his sister.
Ben sighed, and pulled a cigarette out of his pocket and lit it, leaning on the arm of a sofa opposite the desk. “Yeah, it is all a bit much, coming to terms with it and all. I took you for someone who already knew the game, but I suppose I was mistaken.” He offered Sherlock a cigarette, which Sherlock gratefully took. Sherlock felt shy leaning in to let him light it, which was rather silly, considering.
“Unfortunately I don’t think he is so inclined. Your job is much simpler than that. You go back and resume a friendship with Harry. And then make sure to be caught by Mr. Garrideb in a compromising position.”
John spoke again. “Look. Holmes. ‘Sherlock,’ I guess if you’re going to be courting my sister. I like you, and I know you’re a good fellow. But Harry, I don’t know what exactly she hopes to achieve here, but I can tell you she doesn’t care a fig about who she hurts in the meantime, and that includes you.”
“Hello, there!”
Mycroft interrupted, “Don’t try to distract me Sherlock. I’ve already heard of your little stunt in the driveway! Accepting Miss Watson’s invitation! Surely she only meant to be polite. You were supposed to decline.”
An hour and a half (and several glasses) later. Gretchen was swaying worrisomely. John hadn’t realized how much she must have drank beforehand. Or how low her tolerance was. Either way, it looked like John’s night was not going to end the way he had intended. When she leaned forward in a manner intended to be flirtatious, and became tangled in the net instead, John knew it was time for Ms. Van Horn to go home and sleep it off. After some convincing, Gretchen agreed to leave the tennis court with him. As they walked, it soon became apparent that Gretchen was in even worse shape than John had initially thought. She’d taken two tumbles already. When John saw Harry sitting by the pool, having a cigarette, he felt relieved.
This was no surprise, of course. Sherlock had known John was in love with him long before he’d ‘died.’ Back then, it had been a simple matter of waiting for John to figure it out, which, admittedly, had been taking longer that Sherlock would have liked. But Sherlock had been content to wait… back then.
“I asked you if your wife knew that you were sexually attracted to men.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” Molly whispered, her eyes full of tears.
“You’re a rubbish liar.” I was getting hard again, what with his mouth so close to my crotch.
Carruthers laughed again, throwing his head back. “Oh, Mr. Holmes, you
I swallowed, and slowly pushed forward.
,” Carruthers gasped, his thrusts becoming shorter and faster—and then he stilled his body with a wordless groan of pleasure.
“Lie down,” John commanded, his eyes suddenly fiery. Sherlock smirked with pleasure as he did so, watching John sit up and straddle him, still naked, and reach down for his belt. He fumbled with it for a second before undoing it and pulling it roughly out of Sherlock’s belt loops, tossing it behind him. Then he unbuttoned and unzipped Sherlock’s trousers, pulling them down as he slid off Sherlock’s lap and onto the floor.
I was breathing loudly and quickly, my chest was heaving. It might have been a panic attack. I couldn’t use the excuse of scurvy, this time. “You’re an idiot,” I wheezed.
. It wasn’t exactly his favorite drug, alcohol, but at least it was something. He stamped out the cigarette on the railing and headed back indoors, spotting the bar. He began to make his way through the crowd, thinking of what he should order, when two familiar faced appeared across the room.
this prompt is one I added to the list myself for the sake of this story :)
‘Badass, huh?’ I whispered in your ear before settling for the ride home.
“We have been in dangerous situations before”, Sherlock was continuing. “And this fear for you has accompanied me through each and every one of them. This time was different. Before… before us, I did not carry the same weight I do now”
“We had not had an 8 in a while. In fact, since…” This is how they referred to Mary, most of the times. ‘Since…’ A pause, an inclination of the head. And the other was meant to gather that this was the thing that was not to be talked about, the thing that had almost broken them both.
‘I should-… come see her-… soon.’ Damned hope. I can’t resist it. There’s something inside me just whispering. I love her even more than you. Hold that thought.
Even though Sherlock is now allowed to walk, straining and lifting weights is strictly forbidden. And will be, for some time. In an attempt to make him forget, John does the grocery shopping, cooking, tidying, cleaning. Leaves no room for activities onto which Sherlock could pounce on, only to realise that he can't complete them as he used to. And that he won't, not for some time. He lets him do the small things. Arrange his case files, clean out his microscope and equipment. Cases are, of course, out of the question. John knows Sherlock has understood what he's doing, and Sherlock knows John knows, too. But the Doctor feigns innocence anyway, and, be it fatigue, overall weakness, or just fond amusement, Sherlock pretends to believe him, for once. As long as he is not pitied, and allowed to take care of himself in the most basic of ways as soon as possible, Sherlock is willing to put up with that amount of mollycoddling.
“What, an ex-assassin and a cane?”, John chuckled. “Sherlock… I am not here expecting from you anything more than you are”
“Good. Now, is it Chinese or Thai, you got to help me here”, John said, scooting to the edge of the bed to get up.
“I have been in life-threatening situations before. And I do not mock them anymore. Not after… After Serbia. But this was the first in a long while where you were with me. At the other side of that building. The balance of probability had the plan not worked, was fifty-fifty. Either you could have been killed, or me. But any fear for my safety was entirely obliterated the moment I realized what kind of danger you were in. John… The idea of harm coming to you scares me more than anything that could ever happen to me”.
I could only stare at you in total surprise and despair until I realised you were looking at me directly and your hands weren’t on the wheel. I looked around only to find we were already parked outside of the school! Damn it, how did you always managed to do that to me? However insecure I was about my school years and the friends I never had, your words would be more stuck with me than anything else for the rest of my life with our small family.
‘Cocky.’
Sherlock’s lips tugged upwards into a smile.
Sherlock wanted to make John feel the same. Wanted to make him feel brimming with so much that his heart would clench and his eyes would tremble, that his nightmares would go away and his eyes be marked with laughter lines, that his breath would hitch and his knees go weak.
‘Just once. That’s all it was.’ I’m focusing back on reality again. That’s all? Really? It was also a promise. A promise. Your promise. Why are you-?
overprotective dads drive to pick up Rosie from school <3
‘No!’ I heard myself cry out in pain. You didn’t reply. The world stopped. All was black. Only a warmth remained… Your warmth…
‘That doesn’t even mean anything.’ Only if you were the one to complete me… No. No, you don’t want this. Made it pretty clear. Cracked ribs and all. Months of silence and blame and abuse. You surely don’t want this. Not again.
John did with no further hesitation. He crawled close enough that they were chest to chest, with his head buried in Sherlock’s neck. The hand with which Sherlock was holding the covers released its grip, and the blankets landed atop and about them with a sigh. Sherlock’s arm crept beneath the layers of fabric again and searched for the indentation of John’s waist, where it curled, pulling his man even closer to him.
‘Just so you know, I had you on speaker…’ I replied in a whisper of embarrassment not able to utter anything more loving while your sister was watching me so closely.
Oh, so you’ve crossed that off the list now? Fire. Heat. Anger. Yes. That accursed name. Brought it back. Unfortunate subject to talk about. The one that I can’t actually let that anger show. I must be the better man again, mustn’t I?
John fitted a knee between Sherlock’s thighs. Sherlock’s ankles hooked around John’s other leg. John’s arm found its own way around Sherlock’s waist. And the hands whose sides they were lying on, met between their bodies and held each other tight.
‘There’s something… I wanted to say…’ You swallowed and I tangled our fingers together. I was particularly courageous today. We were so unbelievably close. All this time we’ve been in a silent agreement about what we started together a few months earlier. But now… It was time… I could feel your breath on my lips and my encouraging smile was so natural that I didn’t even notice I was doing it.
‘She’s our daughter and she’s going to be alright because her dad is the famous Sherlock Holmes that has taught her how to be intelligent as hell and human at the same time. Now, based on that, I’m pretty sure the other kids will love her and she’ll make tones of friends and if anyone hurts her or tries to, then she knows we’re both here for her and we won’t let anyone harm her. We’re a badass Army Doctor and the only Consulting Detective in the world after all.’
“Yes. But I want to”
His eyes were moving frantically behind closed eyelids. He was dreaming. But it wasn’t one of the normal dreams. This was different. He was running in a field laughing childishly with arms outstretched touching the edges of the grass and flowers. He didn’t feel like his usual self, he was short and his feet so small. He was a child. Happy giggles followed him and he turned his head smiling to a little shorter child behind him trying to run past him laughing with a smile he knew so well. He woke up with a start. It wasn’t a nightmare but it wasn’t a dream either. He stayed still sitting up to control his breathing forgetting all about the man next to him. He only remembered when strong hands reached for him and tangled around him. He relaxed completely in the embrace. There was a quiet voice near his ear.
“What time do we have to be at the Yard?”, John’s voice reached him as if through bare, dry branches; hoarse and with gaps in the voicing, like Morse code.
The words passed by as if they were an illusion. He didn’t reply.
For a moment I’m frozen in time and space. I know that I wished for this but you leaving
Sherlock's mouth is dry, his tongue a helpless coil of twisted muscle. He wanted to tell John that he did not blame him. That he was -wanted to be, truly wanted to be- happy for him. About Mary. That what he had said, that dreadful, nightmarish night, was to let John have his family. To not allow him to tear it apart because of him, just because Mary had shot him. Because Sherlock knew his place. And that is what best friends do. Isn't it? Best friends, or lonely loners, aimlessly in love. Pick and choose. He truly had wanted to keep Mary safe, to absolve her from blame. Perhaps it was the easy way out. For him, and her, too. Lots of things would have been different if that bullet had been but a millimeter's fragment truer to its aim. He tried to avoid John's eyes. He was being scolded, wasn't he.
"Yeah, well, do you want to build a blanket fort or not?"
‘Yes, alright, just tell me one thing.’ I look at you. A fire sparkling in your eyes. I bite my lip again and I don’t resist your arms this time. Your grip solid, protective.
“But… You gave up so much for me. Because of me-“
‘Who you thought I was… Is the man who I want to be.’ Your gaze turns to me now. Just a tad. Ever so slightly. Damn it, John Watson. Get the hell on with it. Just do it. I’m not sure if I said all that out loud. My face felt hot as you just averted your gaze and brought a palm up to hide your eyes. If you want it… why did you do all this? Please. God. Let your words be true. Just this once.
‘I do believe I can last twenty minutes without supervision.’ Irony. Bitter smile. What else? Oh, avoid to look at you or fix my gaze at you accusingly? Maybe I can do both. I’m angry. That’s what people do, don’t they? Hurt each other when they’re angry? A pause.
The only time you would sleep peacefully was when sleep overcame you in our small living room after a day of exhaustion. I liked to keep you busy. I loved to exhaust you running outside, chasing thugs and solving crimes. I knew when we returned home, you would fall asleep on the couch or your armchair and those were the times when I stood or sat nearby and watched you. I was desperately looking for any sign of distress, for any clench of your lips or winch of your face, any tremor of your left hand. It was selfish but I wanted you to give me a chance to comfort you. I wanted to confront you about all the nights I knew you were thinking of taking your life and you wouldn’t let me help.
Great. Let’s change the subject and retreat to our minds each now, shall we?
-multiple times-… It has been engraved in my brain. What do I do now? Anger’s gone. I’m nothing now. Nothing. I just care. I care that you are standing there, tears streaming down your face because of something I did. How could I ever blame you? How could you ever blame me? I don’t know. I don’t know what to do. It’s just so human, so confusing. I don’t understand it. I don’t want to. Not without you.
Sherlock's POV again
“Then, so what”, John shrugged with a smile. But Sherlock’s expression was sour, his lips pressed into a thin line. “Sherlock… Do you want to say it?”
“You were with Greg, I was with the other officers, yes”, John prompted.
Ha! Thank you for bringing that up. You’ve known me more than anyone else. You were my friend. My best-friend. My loyal partner -just not in matters of the heart-. My almost lover-to-be. My promise of forever... Then your puppet to blame for your wife’s death. You could’ve just ASKED.
You turned to look at me. I felt you shift and could almost hear your heart beating. The grass rustled beneath us and we smiled, with the stars watching over us…
“I love you”, John breathed into Sherlock’s neck.
It's been a month since John told him he would stay. He has not retracted that -decision? promise?- so far. Every morning he greets Sherlock with a smile and a steaming cup of tea. Every night he tucks him in, and turns off the light -only after making sure the next-morning-pills are seated dutifully on a napkin, with a glass of cool water nearby, all arranged on the nightstand, neat, ready. During the first days after he had been released from the hospital (in truth, from the ICU, he had been stubbornly and vehemently unwilling to spend a single extra night there), John would take care of his surgery stitches too, administer the heavier painkillers, occasionally some morphine, to let Sherlock get, at least a couple hours' sleep. The pain had been horrible, then. Caused him to wake up in the middle of the night, cold sweat and fluttering heart more often than was tolerable. John had started sleeping in a chair beside his bed, until the nightmares, and the trauma, eased away.
“You changed your mind. You want Chinese”
‘You’re suspended, Watson.’ I spit out but I try to hide a grin by looking the other way. I’m sure you can see the flush of my cheeks spreading down to my neck and ears. ‘To your post.’ I groan inwardly as you try to snake your arms around my waist.
"Sherlock"
‘N-nothing.’
Sherlock's POV
Of course. She couldn’t pick any other time. Of course. My heartbeat almost screeches against my cracked ribs as if to call it all out and betray me. You turn around. I’ve got to play innocent now. Oh, for the love of God. This is ridiculous.
A lovely summer night. That’s all I believed I needed. Of course, I also needed to gather up my courage but finding the right time and the right place was half the job done. We were on a case -or rather- you were on the case and as always, I followed you everywhere. I could say you had literally dragged me to Eastbourne to solve it. I had never been there before. The countryside as we pushed through the train tracks was amazingly refreshing. I didn’t know I needed this. The fresh air when we arrived almost suffocated my lungs with energy and surprisingly… courage. I smiled and looked at you with glistening eyes.
thing. You deserve to hear it, John. You deserve to be with someone who can give it to you in its every facet” Sherlock brought his skinny knees to his chest, rested his chin atop them. He looked small like this, with the pout over his lips and his boyish curls. He bore that kind of innocence that was raw, and confused, and so different than the world they lived in; it stood out, pale and lost, a remnant of childhood dreams and endless summer afternoons.
“Okay. But you don’t
‘It’s okay to be nervous, you know.’ The whisper is so tender that my heart skips a bit and I feel like sweating.
“No. Not really. But I had seen it. Is that how you meant it?”
“God, I love you”, John growled, stretching his legs just as much as Sherlock’s would allow him and getting comfortable again.
When John announced that it wasn't just a little more, he'd blinked and stared, and blinked some more. How could that be? Surely, John had not signed up to be his permanent nurse, and in any case, he did not need one. In one month, two, he'd be able to rely fully on his body again, and would be out and about, as he always was. In any case, John would have a family soon. A little baby, aside from the wife he already had. John's place was with his family, and that family did not include Sherlock, the detective repeated endlessly in his mind. That much was clear for a while now, done, settled. He knew his place. Sherlock knew his place. Had learned it all too well after an almost-marriage-proposal and a bloody nose.
John wanted to reach for Sherlock’s hand again, to keep him afloat whatever storm it was that he was trying to weather. But he knew better than to interrupt now.
Our eyes finally meet. Your dark stormy oceans in the soft lighting make me shiver. My fingers still at your lips.
It was nothing more than a whisper but that’s exactly what made me shiver and you knew that. As it was, I blew a soft kiss pretending to be just fine and squeezed out a ‘See you soon, darling’ before I closed the phone and walked back to the kitchen red-faced to find that your sister had taken over the cooking. She smiled at me and I realised for the first time how happy she was that you found me. I smiled back in contentment and managed to put on a straight face when she winked. Then I walked passed her to the living room to play with our little one all the way wondering how much did I look forward to the after-dinner activities.
you love me”
John did his best to remember the scene, when the two teams met again at the front of the embassy, with the suspect successfully eliminated.
‘Yes.’
“The… thing…?”, Sherlock murmured, burying his face at the back of John’s head and curling his shoulders inwards. His lower lip was caught between his teeth and was being nibbled mercilessly.
Sherlock stays very very still. John shakes his head and closes his eyes, inhaling sharply through the nose, the way he does when he wants to share something. Something-very-important.
But whenever you slept with me looking at you in our small flat… whenever you left the comforts of your bedroom… you seemed to leave the nightmares inside it as well. In the end, all I ever did those nights was watch you sleep… and it gave me a reason to keep you out of your bed. They were the only times you slept peacefully. They were the only times I could take care of you without you noticing. I let myself believe that I was doing good by not asking you about your past life, that I knew enough by my observations. That was a mistake. I should have told you what I knew. I should have told you that I care. Even if it was just to hear you finally say those words you said too quietly to me… so this time I could at least try to listen to them…
"Sherlock, I have better things to do on a Friday night than arguing with you over wanting to help you get your stubborn arse comfortable?"
John builds the blanket fort, and finally stands up, dusting his trousers with his palms. "There you go, Princess", he teases, and Sherlock's cheekbones flare as he huddles into the monstrosity of pillows and wool and soft. "Is it okay?", John asks, and he almost sounds amused.
It is snowing outside. Not too much, just stray, mischievous flakes floating lazily on the afternoon breeze. They won't solidify into snow, it is not cold enough for that, it is too rare for that to happen. It is the first days of December, and this is central London, after all. Still, Sherlock cannot but huff at how this changes nothing for him. The weather remains too cold and overall terrible, which means that, in effect, he is snowed in. John would never allow his recovery to be interrupted by the flu, or a cold, or the pain in his muscles and bones to be woken again by the teeth-clattering chill. And that may all be good, but Sherlock is bored. So unbelievably bored. He'd-crawl-onto-the-carpet-from-one-edge-of-the-living-room-to-the-other-just-to-count-its-tiny-knots-of-thread-level-of-bored.
to. Do you believe me?”
John huffed and tapped Sherlock's nose, which scrunched up childishly. One, two, three times.
“The thing…
probably forgot to mention I have no idea where to find the source for these prompts at the moment :P I have them saved screenshots in my phone, when I trace them back to their original posting in tumblr which is a mess right now, I'll provide a link ;)
Suddenly, this seems like a not-at-all-good idea. Suddenly, Sherlock's throat is tight with dread. With that gut-wrenching fear that now he messed up, and John will go away.
John slumped forward, crying, his head falling into the crook of Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock stiffened, awkward at the intimacy of the contact, keenly aware of John’s bare torso against him. The shower still poured down, filling the room with steam.
—“ John winced at the word, he’d not heard it from Sherlock’s mouth before and it was said deliberately and enunciated crisply “—years finding your daughter, so that you could come home. Now,
The taxi ride home was silent, but not the usual comfortable silence that normally accompanied the two best friends. It was awkward, emotionally and physically, for both—full of unposed questions and unspoken speculations. Sherlock had squished his body as close as possible to the door next to him, leaning his curly head on the window and staring out into the rainy afternoon.
I can still remember how wide her eyes had gone. A bit buggy, actually, which quite irked me as it would only serve to make getting turned on by her more difficult. “I don’t think so,” she’d said.
“This is what you
“But know this,” Molly continued, “If at any point I believe you’re in danger, I’m going to tell him. I’ll have to.”
John shifted in his seat uncomfortably. He didn’t know there had been crying involved.
… “What’s there to talk about?”
At this point, my father entered the kitchen, having been out in his shop, tinkering around with the classic car that he was forever trying to rebuild. (Yes, he was a walking cliché, tell me about it.) He smiled brightly when he saw me, and looked from me to my mother, and I knew he could tell something heavy was on. But he did what he always did: he came over and kissed the top of my head, and then the top of my mother’s head, and went over to the stove, and got out the eggs, and asked how many we’d each like, and went on cooking breakfast like it was the most natural thing in the world. Both my mother and I watched him, and she got teary-eyed again. And as I looked from him to her I knew, suddenly and completely, that there was something inside me that wanted what they had together. I’d always wanted it, my whole life. I’d been trying to avoid it, because it was going to be difficult, and messy, but I couldn’t anymore. I sighed at the ceiling. “Two eggs, please.”
.” I spat it at him, almost tasting the venom in my words.
Sherlock shook his head. “No, you’re staying here.”
talked, John had offered some barely intelligent and entirely irrelevant opinions, and I had ignored him and talked some more), but somehow the conversation degenerated into a discussion about the most recent Royal family scandal.
, John thought,
“Christ,” said John, and I blinked back from my epiphany. He was running a hand through his hair, and he paced away from me. “Fuck.” He looked absolutely miserable.
John stood up. His prick stuck straight out from his body, at attention. He slid a hand around to the small of my back, and leaned his face next to my ear. “I want you to fuck me,” he whispered, and clamped his hand down on my cock.
But what Sherlock remembered most about that day was not the funeral or burial, it was meeting John’s sister, after. Harry had slinked through the crowd as it dispersed, the top of her blond head weaving along at shoulder-height (she was short in stature, just as John had been), so that Sherlock didn’t see her until she was standing directly in front of them, her eyes bloodshot, staring intently at the baby. Sherlock deduced she was John’s sister almost immediately; if the blond hair and facial features hadn’t given her away, the alcohol on her breath would have done. “Harriet, I presume?”
“What are you on about?” John asked, not knowing if he should be angry or upset.
He backed up and fished it out of his pocket. When he saw the name on the screen, his face fell, and I knew immediately who it was. “Hey,” he said, answering the call. He listened for a moment. “Is she running a fever?” Silence again. “Okay.” His face was long. “I’ll be right there.” He hung up and looked at me.
John’s eyes were soft and he looked as if he were about to speak more than once while they waited, but was using all of his self control to hold his tongue. Finally, he couldn’t stop himself: “Can I put my hands down?” he asked.
I continued, settling into the lie. “He was always up for anything. You may find this hard to believe, but I was even less restrained in my younger days. I’d wake him up at all hours of the night, for some theory or another, or to go out and do something ridiculous to prove a point. And he’d grumble and gripe but he was always secretly just as excited as I was.”
Words that Sherlock had been waiting to hear. Words he knew John would utter, because Sherlock always knew it would happen like this.
I dug my fingers into his hips. I hadn’t even realized I was holding him there.
“Her name is Polly,” said Molly, frowning. “She’s not normally this friendly.”
John slowly stepped up to the wall, matching the position of Sherlock’s hands on the other side of the glass with his own. He leaned forward and put his head at Sherlock’s level, pressing it close. “There’s nothing to forgive."
“He asked me not to leave. Practically pleaded. You should have seen the fear in his eyes… he’s so bloody frightened, and he’s in pain…. This is not Sherlock Holmes.” John felt himself choke up. “And honestly? I don’t know if he’ll ever be Sherlock Holmes again.”
“I just can’t believe it,” said John, all starry-eyed and sleepy. “She’s the most wonderful thing I’ve ever seen.” He shook his head. “God, she’s already turned me into a full-blown sap,” he noted, clearly not caring that it was so. He smiled up at Sherlock. “I’m sorry, I’m such a blubbering fool right now—“
“How kind of you to come and visit the new family,” Sherlock remarked.
Right, the baby. John and Mary’s baby. Mary must’ve had Mrs. Hudson sit while they all went gallivanting off to find Moriarty.
“Mycroft did,” Sherlock interrupted, breathlessly. His eyes were suddenly bright, moving back and forth rapidly—in time to the speed of his neurons firing, John was sure.
Ok, so maybe he
“Get out,” John commanded, his eyes not leaving Sherlock’s face.
Suddenly Anna shrieked a high-pitched response from the ground, looking for all the world like she was cross with Sherlock for tattling. John felt like making the same sound—especially when Mary turned to him with a face full of rage. “Oh, come on,” he huffed, his complexion growing pink. “He’s full of shite, just making stuff up for the hell of it—“
“I’m sorry,” said John, apologetically. “It’s Anna, she—“
“I’ve changed my mind,” said John. "I’m coming home.”
After Mrs. Hudson had a good fuss over them both and Anna had gone up to bed at last, John sat at the kitchen table and watched her wash the dishes in the sink. “Mrs. Hudson, I really should do those,” he said, noticing her stooped shoulders again.
“I love you.”
Anna’s mouth fell open, the shock of it making the hair bristle on her arms—and then she remembered to be wary. She shut her lips turned back to her computer. “I don’t believe you,” she said, without looking at him.
The man’s voice was deep and had a touch of a British accent. His dark curly hair and his cheekbones made him look like some sort of aristocratic figure from a Hollywood picture, but something about him made John Watson realize he knew this man. Oh, but he hadn’t been a man the last time he had seen him! It had been eight years or so, but the man whose derriere he had so admired was none other than the gangly boy who’d lived with Mycroft Holmes!
He looked around the dance floor but could not spot his sister’s absent intended. Harry had begun to giggle conspiratorially at something Sherlock had said. He looked again to his mother who was also observing the scene unfolding with barely concealed alarm. John made his way around the edge of the dancers and reached her.
John smiled back. Remembering why he had come to the station in the first place, he got out of the car and opened the trunk. “Let me help you with that and then I am going to pop into the news stand. Would you like anything Sherlock? Soda or some cigarettes.”
Sherlock thought. On one hand, he did not like that she had been able to read him like that. He did not like feeling exposed when similar methods were deployed against him. Sherlock had believed that because he was so good at deducing other people that he would be able to avoid showing any “tells” that he didn’t want to. But apparently he was wrong. On the other hand, the Baroness was interesting. What was the worst that could happen?
Sherlock considered protesting, but there wasn’t much point in hanging around Europe if he wasn’t in the Baroness’s good graces. He had neither the bank account or social connections of his own to live the lifestyle to which he had become accustomed, although his consulting detective business brought in a steady stream of cash. Hopefully he could be done with this business quickly and return. And he would like to see Nancy, Angelo and the rest of the staff again.
“Thank you! I really do appreciate it!”
“I was just talking to Sherlock here, and if you’re amenable, I wonder if I couldn’t tempt you with a nice
Sherlock looked like he was about to answer, but started coughing again instead. John grabbed the young man under each armpit and yanked him up into a position that bore some resemblance to standing. With perhaps a bit more force than required.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh. It’s a double feature. One is ‘Pagliacci.’ The other has slipped my mind. Something else Italian.”
“Cheers!” Gretchen giggled.
As Sherlock waited for Harry in the indoor tennis courts he realized that this was the most fun he’d had in months even though there was no mystery to solve. Perhaps it was that unlike other cases for Lestrade, or “favors” or the Baroness, here he was acting as himself. It was the boldness of sauntering back into his childhood home and proceed to break rules when he’d received a stern chastisement for simply rollerblading too close to the main house. He concluded that showing up the Watsons and all their pretensions was the most likely answer. The look on Mrs. Watson’s face when she’d seen them dancing! And John’s reaction would hopefully be even better. And of course he had always liked Harry, who’d been kind to him, and had certainly broken plenty of rules herself. In fact, having a
