“Everything, yeah?” John’s eyes narrowed only slightly, just a touch of disbelief seeped through the tone of his voice. “Fine…we’ll take a look at this together then, after we’ve sorted him out.” He nodded down to the prone form of Marcus, who writhed pitifully in the dirt, slowly groaning what sounded like a plea for John. It wrenched at his heart.
It was late in the evening when John finally emerged from Sherlock’s bedroom, cane pounding against the hardwood floor with gusto.
John lightly rested his hands in his pockets; doing his best to appear to be nothing more than a rather stinky mild-mannered bearded man in his mid-thirties, and walked briskly into the alleyway. The adrenaline simmering below the surface on his skin began to peak in waves, coursing through his body, lessening the stimulus of pain and fear. His limp wasn’t nearly so bad now, but he hardly noticed.
else until I get there,” his pace quickened, a cab screeched to a halt next the kerb as soon as he lifted one graceful arm in the air.
The younger gentleman looked very much like Marcus, and Sherlock could only assume it was brother, close in age, probably younger. He lived alone, worked long hours, and was renting the ill-fitting suit that was entirely too snug around his shoulders. He was surely a Beta, and it was easy to see that –
He tried to convey this, with every pitiful and undeserving corner of his being, as John took his head and tempted him into a heated kiss Sherlock had only visualized in his most fervent dreams.
“You poor dear, so far away from home, and you’ve just come back from a zone…I know what’ll fix you right up. Don’t you worry about dinner, dear, I’ve some biscuits squirrelled away for special occasions.” She leant in, patting his cheek conspiratorially. “But don’t tell that Mrs. Whitney, she looks down upon having a bit of vittles in the rooms, mice and all that.”
“Do you need anything?” John thought maybe Marcus needed something more than just the pleasure of his company, such as it was.
Without warning, he swung his long legs outwards, and practically erupted from his chair, energy crackling along his frame as he began to pace. It was quite obvious that this next topic of conversation was very exciting, for him at least. John had the good fortune to realize he was staring early on, and closed his mouth as to not appear like a codfish.
woman in the line at the chip and pin machine! Not to mention the cabbies!” Sherlock shivered, exhaling through his mouth as if to rid himself of some foul taste stuck to his tongue.
IMA: As I was saying. It’s like flexing a muscle you haven’t used in quite a long time. The control is there, it’s just easier the more you exercise your willpower.
“Why are you even here Sherlock?” His voice was low, drained of life, every word a struggle. “I told you not to contact me again, and I said I didn’t want to help. What do you
He easily remembered Sherlock’s words, his caustic reply to Mycroft’s suggestion of finding a suitable Guide and forming a bond. The younger man had outright laughed in his face, all the while yawning and scratching at his skin in an obvious sign of recent intravenous drug use.
“I have to take this. I ask you, Sherlock, for your own sanity and mine, fix it.” He grasped his umbrella and placed the mobile to his ear, turning away and leaving the morgue with the nonchalance of a practiced politician, icy to the core.
“Alpha,” he breathed, burying his face in his hands; and while he wasn’t crying openly, John could hear the thick, hitching breaths of one who could no longer hold back tears.
The footsteps stopped completely as they hit the middle landing, pausing for a long thoughtful moment before continuing, slower now and more deliberate, until Sherlock reached the second story and turned to find John standing at attention. The Alpha’s nostrils flared, then his mouth dropped open and he dragged in deeper breaths, drawing in great big gulps of scent and air as if he could simply taste John from the pheromones awash in the thickened atmosphere. He reminded John of a savannah cat - a predator - an animal that could at once tear him apart so much as knock him to  the ground and clench his teeth at John’s throat, showing complete and utter dominance.
“What do you mean? These types of Omegas?” John cocked his head, his hyper-vigilance faltering in his curiosity.
, touch me), a large, strong hand was placed firmly on his lower back and the up and down motion John didn’t even realize he was making ceased. The blond frowned and looked behind him, then once again realized it would be for naught, as it was still a complete blackout. There was no outline, no greater swath of darkness, there was nothing only…
To say that it had taken almost his entire lifetime to exact some semblance of control over his senses would have been an understatement. Sherlock’s days were wrought with overstimulation and headaches that threatened nausea, seizures, and of course, the ever-threat of zoning and losing himself to his mind for extended periods of time…possibly forever.
Sherlock appeared nonplussed, “My landlady, Mrs. Hudson, has taken the liberty of washing your…clothing.” The slight pause told John everything he needed to know about what Sherlock thought of his belongings, “Is…has-is your head feeling better?” Sherlock stumbled over the simple question, giving John the impression that this was not a man who was used to taking care of other people, or even possible
“So, you think Sherlock will not benefit from this treatment at all?” He raised his brows, questioning.
Sherlock moved up his arm, slowly, languidly, snuffling into the crook of his elbow and tasting the delicate skin at the fold (salty, with the tang of musk). He lifted off the chair, effortlessly graceful, and joined John on the bed, always acutely aware of his injury.
“What’s true?” The Alpha spun, moving away from the couch lazily and finally curling up on his own leather chair.
“Of course! Of course!” He took her hand in his, wincing at the touch. He wasn’t exactly big on the physicality of the commoners, of how much they needed to touch and pet and soothe. He would rather a moment’s peace and a hot, hard hit of heroin than any soppy, forced display of humanity others were so fond of. But he would allow this, just for a moment, if only to continue this charade.
John left his cup of tea sitting alone on the desk in front of him, almost as if he’d forgotten it was still there, and the languid, vaporous steam that rose from the liquid filled the space between them. He pursed his lips, the dull angles of his cheekbones becoming more pronounced and belying the boyish roundness of his face. After a good bout of silence, he finally lifted the cup to his lips and took a deep, measuring draw.
A man stood just outside another doorway across the way and leading out of the room, lowering a smoking glock to his side, a look of smug satisfaction on his disfigured face.
“What do you mean you could smell it? I’ve never smelled anything even close to arousal from him ever. You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
The same blonde haired nurse returned, breathing frantically, so much so that Mycroft thought she might pass out.  But she finally caught her breath, face tense with bad news. “Dr. Barrymore, It’s Mr. Holmes in room three, Dr. Watson is attending.”
“I meant what I said, Sherlock. I’ll think about it. Now…goodnight.” John knew his dismissal was abrupt, and that only a moment ago he was complimenting the man quite thoroughly.
that? Look I’m…I’m not as elegant with words as you are, and I can damn well say I am nowhere near as intelligent but…everything I’ve done since I’ve met you has been for, well,
He hovered momentarily over one contact in particular, deliberating, until the oncoming rumble of the tracks and whoosh of stale, humid air heralded the arrival of the train.
“Why can’t I tell anyone about you –” His last word ended in a strangled cough, gouts of flames speared down his throat, leaving agony in their wake.
Apex Alpha or not, Sherlock Holmes needed to be taught a lesson. Just like his army buddies, before they came to accept him for who he was, Sherlock needed to learn a few more things about John Watson.
IMA: The control. The push and pull of it all. Don’t play innocent, you know what I’m talking about.
The brown haired man (barely a man really, little more than a boy) was only more than happy to oblige. He raised himself up, on his knees and glowering over John like a king that was so, so proud of his conquests.
“If you both would kindly pay attention, I have a video that I believe will be of some import to the investigation,” Mycroft inclined his head forward a bit before bringing up a window on his computer. John stared at the bright white triangle marked ‘Play,’ wondering what this new development would entail, and grateful that his time in that god-awful place had not been wasted after all.
So, can I just say, wow??? When I first started this fic, I thought for sure a few people would like it and then that would be it! But the response has been AMAZING!!! I LOVE YOU ALL!
.” He spat that last word out like it had personally affronted him, then ran his hands back and forth through his hair petulantly, like a child pondering a particularly complex problem he couldn’t quite wrap his head around.
“John…” the taller man answered in a long-suffering sigh, “the entire purpose of this operation is to infiltrate the study and identify the murderers. You are our eyes in the building, but someone else needs to be the ears.”
“Hmmm,” he bit his lower lip in thought, then flipped it back over, peering inside at the rows of pills with a well practised eye for medications. “I’m not familiar with this drug, I’ve never even heard of the name. Uh…Clomidrel, is it? What’s it for?” John slid the blister pack back across the table. The other Omega let it lay there, seemingly unwilling to pick it back up.
This was the first step in the plan, the ‘in’ as it were. John was to phone the number included on the flyer and make an appointment; everything hinged on making sure he was accepted into the study. After all, medical studies had parameters, and though John qualified for the most basic ones listed on the paper, there may be others that disqualified him. He expected a full physical, blood tests, even a pregnancy test (which was ridiculous, considering he was latent), but he knew people tended to be quite litigious if every mark wasn’t checked and every ‘t’ crossed.
“You’ve seen the flyers?” Quickly, he leafed through the tattered folder and pulled out the original leaflet given to him by Sherlock. It looked the same, worn soft by the touch of many hands, and ripped at the bottom where several people had taken mobile numbers.
He watched as the circular loading icon swung round a few times, and then a black and white audio/video feed of the morgue filled the screen, skewed ever just so by the angle of the camera. He ran his finger along the touchpad, moving the slider bar backwards, rewinding the recording until he saw his own tall figure leave through the double doors. Then he allowed the feed to play.
"Well, I didn't know you had it in you Sherlock." Lestrade sounded quite surprised, though not as surprised as he was when Molly showed up to the party in her black and white sequined fancy dress. The man could barely take his eyes off of her…it was embarrassing. Sherlock should teach the man to breathe through his nose before their next case, he couldn't be seen next to such a…a
The light came closer and closer, till it was directly in front of him, a bright circle that hinted at some kind of bulb in a cylindrical tube.
Behind John’s flushed and overwhelmed face, the monitor’s beeping began to increase in tandem with the blond’s rising heart rate. Dully, in the back of his mind, John reckoned he heard a stifled conversation between two people outside his door:  one probably a concerned nurse, the other Sherlock’s ‘guard.’ It didn’t last long before there was silence once more.
He watched her slender figure fade away, warmth emanating from his IV, and some mystery medication slowly infusing through his veins and up his arm. His head began to swim, his feverish shivering fading, and it wasn’t long before the pleasant call of sleep grasped his mind, pulling him into its turbid depths.
“Okay John.” The larger man’s tenor answered amiably, following behind like him like John was the comet and Marcus his tail.
Sherlock nodded and moved away to speak with the funeral director, motioning his hands towards the double doors and discussing the next step of the service.
“As we speak,” Dr. Barrymore drew his hands behind him, a posture of deference, though Mycroft was a man not easily fooled.
“John, what is happening?” Marcus took in the entire scene, and bless his heart if it only took one more second for it all to slot into place. His expression spoke of dawning realization, just as his voice shook with instant thunderous rage, “
The car eventually came to stop, slowing down in increments as they passed a rather intimidating and ornate wrought-iron gate. The initials ‘SC’ decorated the entrance, cleverly metal-crafted in twining leaves, grapes, and sprigs of lavender. The simple road eventually gave way to a gravel roundabout, the wheels crushing and grinding the many small bits of white quartz in a cacophony of sound, painful and overly loud to his ears. He was relieved when finally they stopped, and Johnson retrieved his luggage from the boot.
” Sherlock looked around him, taking in his surroundings for the umpteenth time that evening. Surely, his manner screamed, John didn’t mean to stay
Sherlock’s clever, strong hands moved, gripping and spasming in time to the swirling of their heated tongues, roving away from the arms of the chair onto the rough denims covering John’s thin but strong thighs. He was especially careful about the pressure of his hands, knowing John’s injury, though well on its way to healing, was still tender and sore. He rested his hands, finally, on the cool metal buckle of John’s belt and then pulled his head away, heavy promise and carnal desire reflecting in his eyes as he took in John above him, breathless and ruffled.
“I brought you something,” he swiped a hand across his eyes, snuffling inelegantly and feeling the wetness but not caring. Instead he let out a strangled laugh and pulled one, slightly squished Lion bar from the left pocket of his jacket. “It’s stupid, I mean, I just saw it the other day and thought of you…how much you liked them.”
Oh yes, Sherlock would pay, but John wanted him to be surprised as well. He wanted to see the look of shock bloom across his beautiful face when he realized angering one John Watson was simply
“Sir…excuse me! This is an active crime scene and I am going to have to ask you to leave.”  She took a heeled step towards him, crowding into his space.
Dr. Watson shot Barrymore a glance so venomous Mycroft was surprised he managed to stay sitting in the chair. Truly, these two men were as easy to read as schoolchildren.
John decided to take a cab. He certainly wasn’t going to walk all the way to the bungalow, some sixty plus minutes away. It stung a bit to use the few remaining notes he’d shoved in his jeans pocket that morning but, as his hip had already reminded him, walking that far was not on the docket tonight.
“Thank you.” He offered before she disappeared around the corner, making it unclear as to whether she actually heard him or not.
Stapleton herself was as unremarkable as her dull office, her dishwater blonde hair hung in perfectly straight hanks down to her upright shoulders. Her complexion begged for sun, while her watery eyes and reddened nose indicated she was fighting a head cold of some sort (could be seasonal allergies, with the time of year and relative flora, judging from the lack of recent rain and stiff westerly wind, could be pollen, but also most likely a head cold from the greenish tinge to the mucus collecting on the ratty tissue, off-brand, over used – )
It was quite an uncomfortable cab ride to Sherlock’s flat. John squirmed irritably in the seat, feeling out of place sitting next to the posh young man, and noticing the cabbie glance at him with a reproachful glare every so often. The Omega knew he looked a mess; unshaven yet again and probably smelling a little worse for wear (though his clothes
With both eyebrows raised, Mycroft pivoted to regard his brother. Sherlock stood, immovable, with eyes only for Dr. Watson.
The loud, percussive jangle of his mobile brought his screaming thoughts to a halt. He fumbled in his pocket, trying with great effort to catch his breath and somehow expel the scent of John that seemed to have settled so intimately in his lungs. Jesus, how he
It was less of an assault than it was before the implant, and even still it was less of an overload than merely the day before. Sherlock could smell the smoke from the petrol lawnmower over the lawns near the side of the building seeping in through his window; he could smell the newly shorn grass and the washing powder used to clean his trousers. Cleenzyme vapours wafted upwards from the carpet, lemon-scented, burning the nostrils and mixing with some brand of glass cleaner (something industrial, Novaclear possibly). Housekeeping tidied his room daily, when he couldn't scare them away, and though these scents were meant to be gentle and forgiving to most Sentinels, they were bright as fairy lights in Sherlock's mind...and steadily growing brighter.
As the blond made his way down the lifts and back outside the towering building, he pulled out his phone:
The Omega, who had been silently brooding all this time (quietly wondering why he was still even in this blasted kitchen with this blasted man), finally found his voice, “So there’s been another killing? Is it…a latent? Is it related to the case?” The Alpha was difficult and surly most of the time anyways, so his behaviour right now didn’t seem to be out of the ordinary. John, however, was beginning to regret his hasty actions.
“He was rather pale, with dark curly hair and bright eyes. Very bright eyes. Oh, and he wore this enormous coat. I think he thought himself quite fancy, I don’t know. He said he was some kind of detective. Though he could have been lying, maybe, he didn’t give a name. I was kind of in a haze…you know, it’s hard to just
John remembered that evening with startling clarity. “Right, just after we met. I just…give me some time Sherlock, to look over this.” He motioned down to the papers, and Sherlock didn’t need further clarification.
John had to stop him there and remind that Alpha that he was, in fact, a highly educated medical professional, “Yes Sherlock, I
John lurched over the downed and bleeding security guard, clenching his left fist as the remaining guard scrambled backwards in terror. The Omega then struck a hammering blow straight to his mid-section, harshly gripping the man’s gun arm as he doubled over. With a move borne of years of intense training and practice (really, it was just like riding a bicycle), he swung the man around roughly, lifting the Alpha’s arm behind his back so forcefully, he could see the sharp jut of his scapula through his cheap suit as the man’s bones twisted and shifted to accommodate the unnatural position.
“It’s you, you’re him, right? I have something for you.” A small, and very pregnant ginger woman hovered at his side, nervous, she seemed vaguely familiar. He hadn’t noticed her so close before, and the scent of Omega filled his nostrils, pervasive and maddening, made even more so by the pregnancy.
John sat, hunched over his desk, rapidly flipping between several fat manila folders. Some were older, worn, with soft edges and faded names stamped on the side. One was very new and labelled ‘Sherlock Holmes.’ He’d already been through his most recent patient’s file a dozen times, but he had to be sure. He had to triple-check every test and step, every decision made.
The young nurse who just let herself through an expertly camouflaged door immediately pressed an emergency button on the wall before lunging herself at his person and gripping both his wrists.
“John, please,” Sherlock addressed the Omega by his given name, trying to placate the man, his Alpha pheromones drifting through the flat like the most aromatic bouquet John had ever scented. “We’ve identified who we think is responsible, and if we’re careful it would require very little effort on your part.”
A sharp knock at the door interrupted John’s self-disparaging reverie; and he thrust his hand quickly towards the first towel he could see, wrapping it around his entire body like a robe. He didn’t want
Mustering his strength, and blessedly thankful for his days in the RAMC, John effortlessly slammed his heel against the top of his assailant’s foot, hearing (and feeling) a satisfying crunching sound as the man grunted in poorly concealed pain. He did not lessen his hold though, and John could feel his hands on the man’s forearms begin to grow weak and numbed. As a last resort, he rallied his strength and threw his head back in an uncoordinated but brutal blow to the bridge of the man’s nose.
“I’m Mrs. Whitney, but please call me Kate,” she continued with an airy laugh, surreptitiously wiping her hand on her smart pumpkin-coloured dress pants. “I’m in charge of new admissions and senior director of our substance abuse program –”
“I almost don’t care,” the Omega stretched and raised his hands to grasp the man’s head behind his shoulders, running his fingers through his short, spiky strands, “that was amazing. Jesus.”
Sherlock unbuttoned and unzipped John’s fly with a swiftness borne of desperation and pure, unadulterated
John leant down into a crouch, his movements slow and controlled as he crawled towards the door. The body of the younger Alpha remained blissfully still by the cot, and John surmised it would probably be a bit longer before he woke up.
“John Watson.” The man glared at the card, looking past the frankly terrible picture of John (he had a spot right in the middle of his forehead that day), and quickly flipped it over, looking for the information concerning his gender status included on the back. John knew exactly what it said, of course, everyone had that printed on their ID card when they sat the driving test, and his read: little “L,” big “O,” followed by a positive sign. It would be the nail in the coffin.
With agonizing slowness, Sherlock pulled each of the shoulder snaps on John’s gown free, revealing his thin, scarred chest bit by bit. It was warm in the hospital room, but still the blond shivered, his nipples contracting, forming tight little knots of sensitive tissue. With mild amusement, John was glad that at least some erectile function still existed in his dazed state.
Sherlock deposited his phone inside his jacket and lowered himself into his own leather chair, placed directly opposite John’s offered seat, in one smooth motion. Looking at the disparity in the furniture, John thought it seemed rather apropos. Of course it only made sense that John would get the dingy, threadbare recliner; whilst Sherlock seemed born to his modern leather and steel counterpart.
Officer Murray remained silent throughout the entire exchange, eyes moving back and forth from the consulting detective and DI like he was watching a particularly engaging tennis match.
With an inhale, John scrambled away from the entrance towards the wardrobe, expecting the next bit to be a little rough, though in all actually he wanted it to be rough, it would be
With a shrug of his shoulders, the left moving up noticeably less that the right, he pushed his despondent ruminations aside and swiftly divested himself of his clothing. This would be the worst of it, and while John had the emotional strength enough to look upon the reflection of his own haggard face, he didn’t know if he could manage to take in the damaged, mangled form of his body.  Still, gathering the misplaced courage embedded in the long line of Watsons (alcoholics, gamblers, and the like), he raised his eyes once again to take in the now wasted form of his once fit and tanned figure.
…” John wrapped his hand around the back of his neck, moving further into the room and towards his bedroll, “you scared the piss out of me.”
“I thought you’d cut ties to Sebastian ages ago? You called him a loose cannon, or something else overly dramatic.”
It became clear that Marcus had done a bit of thinking after their last encounter, and all in all it was a bit surprising to John for the man to show such insight. He took the Alpha’s words for what they were, a sort of apology for his behaviour for the past few weeks, and nodded his head. In the end, he decided, he could do with some company, and the added protection certainly wouldn’t go amiss.
In any case, I hope you enjoy a bit of crime-solving and deductions. I do my best! Please note any typos, inconsistencies, or brit-picking issues for me. I miss these things sometimes. Any critique is also welcome, just be nice.
John stripped off his coat, letting it lay next to his bedroll, which also smelt of dirt and sweat. He reminded himself he needed include this ratty excuse for a bed when next he did the washing, which would hopefully be in a day or two, when (and if) he felt better. He always seemed to forget about it, focussing more on washing his clothes and body then flannels and bedrolls. Surprisingly enough, it was Marcus that reminded him more often than not.
A name flashed upon the screen, one she wasn’t entirely expecting, but one she knew she could never ignore.
It took him a very long time to gather up enough willpower to move again. It may have only been minutes; or maybe as long as an hour, but it felt like
Cool hands placed themselves on Sherlock’s forehead, his cheeks, the sides of his neck; they ran down his upper body like waves of cool, slow-moving water.
Sholto covered his eyes for a moment, leaning away from John to lay flat on his back, the thumb and index finger of his right hand rubbing over his eyes.
Sherlock took in her face, her body language, her expression and all the curves and dips and planes of her bones and connective tissues. For someone to just show up in his mind palace, anyone at all, was an anomaly. His shields were impenetrable, thick, and as mind-bendingly complex as any Tower-trained Sentinel. This had never happened before and he would make damn sure it would never happen again, if he could manage it.
“Yeah,” the blond rubbed at the back of his neck, willing himself to just relax, “I was a big fan of Star Trek: The Next Generation as a kid.”
“We…Sophie and I, we didn’t handle it well. We thought she was okay, we had taken her to therapists, she seemed better after that and happy to be graduating and going to Uni to be a Gender Rights Barrister. We just – we didn’t –”
With just a tilt of John’s head, their fit was perfect. The heat and scent of the man above him was exceptional, and John could cry out loud that their coupling, heated but still quite innocent, could go no further in his condition.
…” and that was the last straw for the blond. He vaguely felt the palm of James’ hand pull against the spongy tip of his cock before he reached his climax, edged on by the biting and the feel of the man’s rough hand in turn. He spent, adorning the government bedding with long, sticky white strings of his come, uncaring that he was making a complete mess in his pleasure.
“Wait a minute? Experimenting? Who said anything about experimenting? I thought we were just investigating murders? You said yourself the drugs were only placebos. Oh and by the way…” He reached into his pocket and pulled out the blister pack of capsules identical to the one’s Jimmy had not so long ago. “Here’s this, not much to bring back, for my troubles.” He dropped the pack unceremoniously on the table where Molly picked it up with a delicate hand. Sherlock returned to his microscope, twirling and fiddling with the knobs with practised ease.
Absently, he wondered what type of wound it was. Did they have to dig the bullet out, or was it a though and through? Would it affect his gait even more than his previous injury did? He had fought so long and hard in physiotherapy to avoid the use of a cane, but now? He couldn’t stand the thought of being even more crippled than he already was. How was he to continue his life, on the streets (or otherwise, he dared hope) even more grievously wounded than before?
In the southwest corner of the bungalow lay John’s harried and forlorn looking army duffel. Stuffed deeply in one of his side pockets was the small, rather fancy, mobile that Sherlock Holmes had seen fit to gift the petite Omega. It had been difficult not to text or call the enigmatic self-proclaimed consulting detective over the last few weeks. If John really wanted to be truthful with himself, he would admit that he was bored (beyond bored), and the only excitement he’d seen in ages had been within the company of the infuriating man and his infuriating cheekbones.
“Are you sure everything’s alright?” John asked with genuine concern, “should you phone the police?”
The Omega soon became quite grumpy, and it was easy to hide at first, but after the wounded hangdog look he received from his Alpha after a considerable emotional outburst one late December evening just before New Year’s, he realized that something
He rushed forward, muscles taught, till he grasped the collar of Barrymore’s overpriced polyester travesty of a shirt between his knuckles. He backed him up against his own bookshelves so quickly the many Margaret Thatcher themed tomes wobbled in their rows.
“You know it doesn’t really come as a surprise that my portly sibling’s got you in his pocket. I expect it’s rather crowded in there, what with the pastries and chocolates he’s so especially fond of.”
He tossed the used syringe to the side but kept his hands firmly on her jaw. He didn’t even look away when he shouted –
His head swam as he clambered out of his chair and stomped out the meagre flames with gusto, feeling his cotton shirt stick uncomfortably to the sweat coursing down his neck. He needed to get somewhere, somewhere
“…Royal Liverpool Children’s Hospital led to widespread soul searching in the medical profession, and a fundamental change in how we treat the dead body. In response, the 2004 Human Tissue Act was created –”
have had once, as a child at least), now they appeared dulled; occluded with hardship and worry. While John had long ago resigned himself to no longer think of his person as an object of desire, sexual or emotional, he broke his own heart, staring at his reflection in the rectangular mirror. Who on Earth could, or would, want him now?
John stood by the doorway, feeling tired but happy and expertly fielding Mrs. Hudson’s rampant affections with good humour. Lestrade eyed both Sherlock and Mycroft as they came down the stairs, satisfaction and resolution glinting in his cocoa-brown eyes.
He stood and gathered the last remnants of their tea, noticing Mycroft had barely touched his portion, and pondered on to what he should owe his good fortune –
This self-destructive behaviour had ceased to be a surprise many years ago, and Sherlock’s continuing predilection for drugs and dubious life choices weighed on a heart already heavy with civil responsibility. Mycroft needed resolution, a solution, and if he couldn’t use his tenacity and the considerable resources at his disposal, then he would call in a few favours, if he had to.
caught his attention, but he didn’t bother to look up as a quick set of footsteps made their way towards his bed.
Lestrade watched solemnly as they loaded Jimmy’s body, now zipped into the requisite black body bag, into the coroner’s van and swung the doors closed.
John was almost…touched, but more amused than anything else. Sherlock was – what? Reading about relationships? To help John?
Sherlock’s latent frustration reached a peak. He didn’t need an existential, pseudo-spiritual experience or revelation, if you please. He just needed the facts, the
With the practiced motion of a man who had had many lovers, the Beta tilted John’s head backwards a few degrees, lengthening John’s golden neck and effectively making the Omega feel even more vulnerable than before. He lowered his head by centimetres, his nose now a hair’s breadth away from the delicate skin behind John’s earlobe.
He mused on this a moment, taking a bit to centre himself in the white room and gather his thoughts, now clear and purposeful.
“I am going to ask you a question, Sherlock, and you’re going to give a straight answer, yeah?” John prefaced, making it clear he didn’t much want or care for Sherlock’s usual mysterious and dissembling manner.
This impassioned emotional breakthrough was tempered (a bit) by the roar of a frustrated apex Alpha whose hands had only managed to become free from John’s twisted and surprisingly effective belt trap.
John was struck, in that moment, left hand in his pocket clenching and unclenching, at the finality of it all.
Mycroft sighed, eyes bulging and lips pressing together in a frog-like frown. “I daresay he will probably not notice, since he’ll still be in a great deal of pain and –”
Sherlock reached in through one nostril and choked when he came up against something hard and long, something that felt very much like plastic or aluminium.
It didn’t matter – John shot into action. He quickly pulled out his mobile and began taking picture after picture, the flash illuminating the room in uneven bursts of light.
“I – when I was having my…physical, well, after I had my physical, there was a young woman who came in to take samples of my blood. She asked if I wanted the flu jab.” John laughed without humour, passing his hand over his eyes before settling it back against the cool metal surface behind him, “I thought sure, why not? After all I’ve nowhere to go. We’re a high risk population, the homeless, couldn’t hurt, could it?”
“Why do I have to go in with him?” Sherlock managed to keep his abrupt opposition out of the question, but it was a near thing. He was never really any good at feigning nonchalance when emotions ran high.
tar), and a strange waxy substance clinging to the sides of the while filter paper, making the water bead and slide along the cylindrical sides.  He leant his head forward a bit and sniffed the tiny bit of evidence, a hypothesis forming in his quick mind.
The man holding Raz’s arms relaxed and he let the boy disentangle himself from his grasp. Raz backed away slowly, looking at John with an unreadable expression, one hand spasming curiously over his jeans left pocket.
“You underestimate the primal urges of the Alpha, Sherlock, but then again; you never really did go in for that sort of thing did you?” The taller Alpha’s oily and disingenuous smile split his face. “It’s hard for some of them to control their
man! I’m obviously not asking for my health!” The Alpha snapped, gripping the extinguished fag with the tweezers, careful not to squeeze too hard. With his magnifier in his other hand, he inspected the end of the filter, noting the yellowish stains (
He felt as if he’d been here before, stuck behind the same glass, watching as his younger brother, a gifted Sentinel (the most powerful in a century, or so the instructors at the Tower had said), struggled to pull each and every breath into his oft-abused lungs. He hadn’t needed a ventilator…this time.
Mycroft watched him leave, then took in the two chairs situated in front of Dr. Watson's desk. They were rather austere, simple wood and cushioned seats probably stuffed with material no softer than straw. He sighed and sat down gingerly, immediately missing the sumptuous rococo inspired bergère he had in his own office. Ah well, he was willing to admit his tastes were a little...refined, but he could slum it in the pond water with the rest of the goldfish, if needed.
John couldn’t even count how many times during his life that he wished he was a Beta. For all they made up about 37% of mankind, they were sterile. Oh sure, they could enjoy a quick rough and tumble in the sheets, biology wasn’t
John could feel the hardened length of the man behind him. It slipped and slid, luxuriating in John’s own slick, thrusting up and down the cleft of John’s arse, rubbing shamelessly against his swollen and sensitive entrance. The once sharp breathing stuttered behind him, growing more and more laborious as John suckled his finger and the man’s prick found it’s friction in John’s overheated flesh. His lover squeezed his left arm around John’s chest possessively, forcing John to lean backwards against him. John’s dampened back was now flush against his Alpha’s lean but tautly muscled abdomen. The position opened the Omega’s body to the void, leaving his front exposed and John’s swollen cock to jut out shamelessly into the darkness.
His previous mobile, a Vodafone from his sister, had been an unsightly black plastic brick (useful for phoning and the occasional bludgeoning), but at least it was user friendly.
He did open his eyes now, turning to watch the older man next to him, running warm fingers over his well-muscled side. “Oh?” He did so love the languid, almost loving, moments after their coupling. He could almost convince himself that James loved him, when they laid together like this.
it, it was given to me - quite a shock that your team managed to miss such an important piece of evidence,” the Alpha favoured Lestrade with a rather scathing look.
He looked downwards blankly, then realised with a start that he’d unknowingly managed to cut himself on a particularly fine shard of glass (fortunately an unused slide), and dazedly watched a dewy drop of crimson grow on the top of his trembling thumb.
Sherlock inhaled, gently poking and prodding Jimmy’s stiff hoodie. “That…is Detective Inspector Lestrade. It’s usually his cases I consult on…he’s the least idiotic of the DI’s I’ve come to know.”
.” Finally, he covered his mouth, shoulders hunched, and allowed himself to cry as long, and as hard as he’d wanted since the night he saw the light leave Marcus’s soft brown eyes.
Dr. Watson nodded his head. “We only have one Guide available for the rarer gene expressions, and according to our calculations, the procedure had a 75% chance of being successful.”
He cleared his throat, and in doing so, cleared his mind from the fog of pheromones and emotions that had muscled their way to the fore. While this apology was lovely, and appreciated, and (dare he say it) accepted, it didn’t change much in the end.
Sally brushed a warm hand against his cheek in a moment of unexpected and impromptu camaraderie, Sherlock’s crocodile tears were enough to fool even the most suspicious of persons, and they seemed to be working quite well against Ms. Donovan.
Mycroft inclined his head and exhaled a long-suffering sigh, as if he was through with this conversation and had more important things to attend to (England, Canada, the CIA and such).
He wiped his sleeve across his head, aware that he was sweating, though the bleak December air chilled his skin. He must look a mess, but he found he didn’t really care. This wasn’t the first time he was forced to interact with the public while looking ragged and destitute, or worse.
“You asked about the procedure?” Mrs. Whitney hovered about in the doorway, seeming to already know that Sherlock was insatiably curious as to how they planned on managing his Sentinel abilities without a Guide and without bonding.
“John…I…” he looked uncertain; an expression ill-fitted on his aristocratic face, “I apologize for my manners, well, lack thereof and would be pleased if you would join me in a cup of tea? It will be my treat, of course.”
Their conversation lulled, each man busy with their own thoughts when Dr. Barrymore finally arrived with the coffee. It hadn’t been very long, but Mycroft felt it bordered on a lifetime. He accepted the cup with an elegant ‘thank you’, and turned back to Dr. Watson.
“I get that, I really do, but this is my first appointment, yeah? They’ll be wanting blood tests, urine, and probably an entire sodding physical. How exactly am I supposed to hide a wire while I’m standing there almost completely starkers?” The Omega raised an eyebrow, challenging the other man to disagree.
The small camera room was just big enough to house sixteen flat screen monitors for surveillance, each bolted flush against the far wall. The video feeds came from a multitude of cameras strategically placed all around the compound. Every doorway, every room, and every hallway was under the watchful eye of Adler’s security team. It had two doors, one opening into Irene’s own, quite posh (under the circumstances), quarters, and the other out into the main hallway.
“You might even begin to love it, like I did. You’ll learn all sorts of important things with your nose now, all sorts of things you didn’t realize you could learn from scent alone. It’s a blessing,” she leant back into the chair, regarding him with dramatically lined shimmery blue eyes, “and a curse, I suppose. It must seem that way to you right now.”
John sighed, exasperated, and let himself inside, unceremoniously plunking himself down and taking in the remarkably posh interior. It was positively cavernous, and John wondered if there wasn’t some kind of extra-dimensional TARDIS-like effect going on that he wasn’t aware of.
“Dr. Watson, I fancy myself a practical man, and I don’t base my life, or the life of those I love, on a sentiment as foolish as hope. Nor should you.” Mycroft stood very slowly, stretching out his long body for his imminent departure. “I’ll be watching this place, you and my brother. I am pleased you’ve answered my questions today, your refusal would have been...unfortunate for you. Your transparency behoves you. See that it stays that way.”
It was a show. Of course it was a show. It was an ancient mating dance, Sherlock was clearly showing John how strong he was, how worthy, how he was good enough to be his mate, and no one else’s.
Then the man’s hand began to pump, up and down, slowly at first, using John’s own slick to ease the way. Again, John could not help but thrust his hips helplessly forward and back, even while his mouth remained locked in devotion to his mysterious companion. It wasn’t going to take long. John had never been assaulted like this, on every front, robbed of his sight but so very aware of every other sense. He was powerless and unable to fight the growing bubble of bright pleasure that bobbed inside his core. Just another few pulls, another few thrusts…and he would have his release. He would have this.
John packed what little belongings he had into his large, rather oblong, army duffle bag. He had become quite adept at neatly folding his dirty clothes, artfully placing them in elegantly vertical piles, one on top of each other, till magically the bag managed to carry all the clothing he owned (among other things). Lastly, he folded his bedroll, encompassing a collection of flannels and one threadbare blanket within, and latched it to the faded green bag using a snap on the side. He slung the entire mass over his right shoulder with a grimace, trying not to be too aware of the fact that this bundle of cloth symbolized all the things he had in this world.
She leant forward and placed a red-tinged kiss on his right temple, lingering to inhale the smell of him, broken and shivering on the stretcher. She seemed to like what she found.
On the desk was a small sign offering a single name ‘Jeremy.’ Ah, this must be the bloke he’d talked to on the phone.
Sherlock knew the outside world was still moving around him, still taking pictures, still making phone calls, still weeping and grieving for a friend, but there was something in voicing his suspicion that made it all stop. It made it all very quiet, all at once. He felt his heart squeeze and lurch inside his chest (it did so have a habit of making itself known at the most inopportune times).
Mycroft’s pleasantly forced smile soured, devolving into a sort of misshapen frown that reminded John of a documentary on rare frogs he’d once seen on the telly.
She was effortlessly beautiful; the kind of person one saw not in modern-day magazines, but in black and white celluloids from the thirties, ethereal and poised, the line of her lipstick so perfectly blood red one would swear it could cut glass.
He flushed fiercely, dropping his chin down to his chest to gaze at the cracks in the pavement. Anything to keep from meeting the eyes of the man who had successfully torn his world apart solely by uttering one simple phrase.
She was referring to John, the blond realized.  As if John had somehow followed the devastatingly handsome Alpha back to his house like some broken down dog. A flush of shame and humiliation crept up his neck to stain his cheeks and ears. He glared down at the fractured cement at his feet, taking in his second-hand brogues, cracked and ready to fall apart with any strong sprint. It was a glaring reminder of his station in life, one he didn’t plan on forgetting again.
he knew all those things about John, but it didn’t matter insomuch as they were completely true. He spared a glance over to Sarah and Marcus, neither of whom gave any indication of hearing any of the exchange between Sherlock and John. Wordlessly, they stared at him as they sat on the gravel and waited. John pocketed the new mobile in the same pocket at the pamphlet, and made his way over his friends, his aching hip reminding him it was late and he had had a very long day.
This struck John as particularly odd but, he wasn’t one to judge. Perhaps she found shoes too confining? He found that hard to believe, since her dress was practically spray-painted on.
She chattered uselessly in front of him, possibly trying to pass the time, but Sherlock was unconcerned with anything she had to say. His attention was focussed once again on the abrupt change of the decorations as they stepped upon the first-level landing. This level couldn’t have been more different from the first if he had somehow managed to teleport himself on top of a sand dune in the Sahara.
this woman insert herself into his psyche without so much as a never-you-mind? He was sorely tempted to forcefully eject her from his precious palace, just as sure as he – oh…oh, wait a moment.
now). They kneaded and squeezed, the right hand slowly moving lower, clever fingers dragging on John’s skin, shifting down and agonizingly closer to the where John wanted (needed) it the most .
– and he wiped his hand over his face once more, the other arm bending behind his head, his grey sweatshirt barely keeping the shivering at bay.
since John had seen a proper reflection of himself in a mirror, and rippling, coffee-colored facsimiles floating on the surface of the Thames simply did not count.
Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure he was comfortable with a scientist who was prepared to implant something into his
Yet Marcus only wrenched John’s jacket sideways, tearing one of the lapels. He took in the unfamiliar striped jumper underneath, the mottled bruises around John’s neck and his normally bland face darkened murderously. He shoved his face into the crook between John’s neck and shoulder, as he had done many time before, but there was a panicked urgency to this action that John had never felt previously. Marcus panted and inhaled to the point of hyperventilation, rubbing his face along John’s upper body none too gently.
I had to cut this chapter in two. It was getting pretty long for an update for me, so I apologize for that as well. I hope to have Chapter 20 up very soon to make up for the wait on this one. BUT THINGS ARE HAPPENING!!! WOOHOO!
John was calm and at ease, only recently recovering from a bout of horrific nightmares he refused to talk about (though honestly any observant human being could guess) and still retained his moratorium on sex. It was awful.
His jaw dropped, lips parting as he stared into her eyes, swirling and blue like liquid pools of sea-glass, “J-John is fine – Irene is fine.”
“How about tomorrow then? Say…two o’clock? Dr. Wilkes and Adler will be the ones to see you; they’ll answer all your questions and guide you through the initial screening process. Is that alright?”
“I don’t deny it.” Sherlock spoke at least, his voice rumbling and undulating through the charged air between them. “It was a test, which you passed. Yet another reason why you are fit to be
Irene’s eyes unfocussed once again as she sniffled into her tissue, looking past John as if seeing right through him. Her perfectly formed lips trembled in agony, a fresh bout of tears threatening to ruin what was left of her makeup.
Sherlock blinked for a moment, quickly looking down and to the side, “I…told him not to touch you ever again.”
“There are order forms you can fill out, we have some pre-approved items which you may make use of. Your personal handler, Mrs. Hudson, should be around by dinnertime to show you the rest of Serenity Cottage.”
Sherlock finally moved one large hand to direct John’s hot and turgid penis towards his mouth, otherwise it would lay flush and swollen on the man’s hard belly, and that was unacceptable. This perfect specimen of a cock deserved attention, it deserved investigation…and who other than the world’s only consulting detective could give it the devotion it deserved. Sherlock grasped the base in one soft hand, while his slick and desperately hot tongue roved along the major vein that ran long the underside of John’s prick. Sherlock was intent on making his beloved come, but he wasn’t above making the man suffer for it.
To date, he had yet to find any other chemical, legal or otherwise, that effectively dulled his senses as much as the heroin did. There was a kind of blissful, sumptuous beauty in the way a simple injection could dissolve the outside world, lessen the continuous bombardment of outside impulses, and just let him
going somewhere with all of this.” Dr. Watson flipped through several of the pages until he landed on one showing a large, multi-coloured grid. “This is Shopley’s compatibility chart. It shows the various combinations of gene expressions that are compatible between Sentinels and Guides. It seems a bit complex, I know, but there is a method to the madness. The most common pairings are easy to identify, and we have Guide donors readily available for those Sentinels that have only one or two Sentinel genes activated.”
The brunet had already caught the attention of the wearied man in the trench-coat, DI Lestrade it seemed, and began to speak rapidly.
“It was my pleasure Mr. Watson, enjoy the rest of your day.” The young man ended the conversation cheerily, hanging up just as John was about to voice his goodbye as well.
Clearing his throat first, he gave all three of them a chance to turn around and take in the harmless and diminutive man coming towards them. John’s first impressions always seemed to be the same: small, quiet, non-threatening, and to a lesser degree, Omega.
Just as the profile of the first Alpha passed the invisible barrier of the open doorway, John attacked. He swung his right arm away from his side, clenching the barrel of his weapon, and delivered a murderous blow with the butt of the gun to the man’s nose.
John exhaled a shaky breath he didn’t even know he was holding; his eyes growing wide when he finally realized what this was all about…what was really going to happen here. His hands gripped the worn canvas straps of his bag, white-knuckled.
“N-no!” He managed in a surprising outburst of self-control, “th-they said you would be hard to resist. But I – I can’t.” He clapped both his hands over his nose and mouth, backing away a few steps.
Irene wanted to slam the door behind her. She wanted the auditory satisfaction of wood scraping upon wood, of unstoppable momentum pounding against the doorjamb and making it quiver in a physical manifestation of her anger.
“It’s not.” Sherlock’s smooth baritone practically filled the room. A wall of Alpha hormones invaded John’s senses, making his vision sway and nausea roll over him in an all-consuming wave. He had to breathe from his mouth for a few moments (hoping he wasn’t being too obvious), silently waiting for it to pass.
John sat up in his bed, wincing as he pulled away his soaked nightshirt. He flung it away with a grimace and couldn’t be arsed to know where it landed.
John drew his eyebrows together and nodded; then his face went slack with a bit of shocked disbelief.
Dr. Watson inhaled, as if readying himself for quite a lecture, then, thinking better of it, pointed to the papers. “I won’t bore you with specifics, but as you can see, there are six distinct Sentinel genes on Chromosome 13. Chromosome 12 has several more as well, but you need only have one gene activated to develop Sentinel abilities. However, the more activated genes, the stronger the senses. Your brother has the most activated Sentinel genes on both Chromosomes I’ve ever seen without serious consequences.”
It took Mycroft a moment to reply, distracted as he was by imagining the many species of mould and single-celled organisms inhabiting said electric kettle. Obviously, any
Satisfied, the Alpha slowly stood, the shirt left used and damp on the floor, a poor substitute for the real thing. John had backed off into the kitchen now and successfully managed to the get the faded green kitchen table between them. He waited then, to see what the Alpha would do, before deciding on his next move.
He attacked the door with gusto, after trying the bell several times, banging his left fist upon the lacquered surface, uncaring as to who answered the door. This all seemed like a fine plan, until the kind and worn face of Mrs. Hudson peeked through the crack of the door. John stopped his pounding immediately.
Sherlock’s face began to change, ever so slowly, moving from detached indifference to pure, impassioned anger. The sides of his mouth turned down, his back straightened, and he clasped both hands tightly behind his back.
“Okay.” Marcus shrugged, the lumpy jumper covering his large frame stretched tightly over his shoulders.  John reminded himself to see what kind of clothing was available at the centre after he was washed and his clothes cleaned.  John himself had only about three pairs of trousers, two jumpers, one military style canvas coat, and one worn out pair of scuffed brown brogues he bought second-hand. He did, however, have at least a dozen pair of pants. He had to draw the line somewhere.  One could let their clothes get dirty, filthy even, but pants…they needed to at least be passably clean. John found he couldn’t simply throw out years of militant personal hygiene so easily.
Really, well this just bordered on ridiculous. Honestly! Who comes to an expensive and very exclusive retreat and immediately sets about throwing their lovely things all over the floor?
It was probably because of the steam that he didn’t notice the dark figure by the doorway. He was so engrossed in the post-shower glow that he failed to scent the rather imperious Alpha waiting with baited breath just at the threshold of the bath.
Mycroft dropped his chin and favoured John with an expression of slightly amused frustration. "Come now
Sherlock stepped behind the chair, placing both hands on John’s shoulder and squeezed gently. A wash of calming Alpha pheromones accompanied the gesture, and John closed his eyes, inhaling deeply. It was love, it was support, and it was exactly what he needed. He smiled and forgot about his tea for moment, choosing instead to tilt his head upwards and smile ever so slightly.
He made his way to the bathroom, unclothing himself with a practiced hand and making his way into the shower. It was heaven. The hot spray of water momentarily cured all his ills, the rising steam vaporizing any grievances.  It was difficult to leave. He remembered a time when he took all of this for granted. God, he had been so stupid. He would never be so ignorant again.
The smaller man pulled his iPhone out of his pocket, swiping across its glassy surface to check the time. The screen shone, forming squarish bubbles on the generic mobile background, and John realized he hadn’t had a chance to charge the thing the entire time he was avoiding Sherlock. He sighed inwardly, it didn’t matter if the battery was only at 28%, he didn’t expect to have it for much longer anyway. With a quick glance to the top middle of the screen, he noted the time; if he wasn't careful, he really
that gorgeous, clever tongue, lapping and licking up every trail of slick that had weaved its way between the Omega’s sparse and downy blond hairs that grew upon his strong and lean thighs.
“Right,” Greg continued, ignoring Sherlock’s less than stellar attitude (which wasn’t all that different from how he was normally), “you’re allowed one day before I have to hand these back over to my own team, got it?”
The scene focussed on the cot, whereupon the young woman (John assumed the same woman as before, it certainly looked to be the case) was partially obscured by the bodies of the men leaning over her. A quiet, but insistent, rattling sound made its way through Mycroft’s small laptop speakers, growing louder and louder and sounding quite like a heavy tin can clattering against a linoleum floor. John only had a moment to wonder what exactly would make such a noise, when suddenly there was another shout. Dr. Frankland leant over the young woman, quickly assessing her form before viciously gripping the lab coat of the man next to him.
The younger Alpha didn’t answer; he only turned and made three long paces across the room, grabbed his coat, swung it round his broad shoulders and donned it in dramatic fashion.
It was nothing like he’d ever felt before. The stretch was insane, impossible, and more than he could possibly manage. But Sherlock, his wonderful intelligent Sherlock seemed to know this, and kept his thrusts shallow and short at first, testing the waters and kneeling back with a calming huff when he needed to.
So much time in fact, that all last night I plotted out a sequel to this story. Now, I wasn't entirely sure I was even going to do this but...why the hell not? Because what I need (obviously) is more unfinished projects!! LOL
“Indeed,” but there was more to that one word than simple agreeance, there was an undercurrent of suspicion John couldn’t easily ignore.
They soon came upon a door, not white like the others, but a warm, sandy brown indicative of birch or oak. It was a strange, almost naturalistic departure from the aseptic interior of the facility, and Dr. Barrymore opened the way and ushered him inside a small office, apparently his own.
“Permission granted.” The Major leaned back in his chair, looking for all the world as cool and unbothered as possible. John wasn’t sure, but he even detected a hint of amusement in the older man’s gaze. This did not sit well with him at all.
“No idea, my only guess is he had some kind of reaction to the implant, though for the life of me I can’t imagine why. All the tests showed at least a 75% compatibility between his genome and the donor.”
After all, he really knew very little about this madman he had unwisely fallen in love (or lust, or whatever) with. It would only serve him well if he could uncover some dark and horrible secret about Sherlock, something that could destroy this overwhelming
Breathing became entirely too difficult when he was pushed down, face first on the cot, one hot and strong hand roughly gripping the back of his head as if he somehow wanted to flee. What he did manage to inhale left his lungs in short, high-pitched, punctuated grunts.
The woman froze, though it took her a good long moment to comply. Hesitation was written in the line of her shoulders and the frozen tension of her arms. When she did finally turn and face him, her face was calm, though it was obviously forced; her expression tight and carefully controlled.
So I guess now we're getting into the good stuff, and things will begin to pick up from here! Yay! Still trying to continue with the weekly updates and they seem to serve me well. This is not beta'd or britpicked so beware! Let me know if there are any glaring mistakes.
it like a spool of thread rewinding, gathering up the emotions he’d flung outside of himself with abandon. He pulled it all back in, tamping down on all the pain and hurt he’d unknowingly broadcasted out to the poor, unsuspecting souls who had no idea they were being manipulated.
The younger man nodded, pressing his lips together in a neutral expression that seemed dangerously guarded. The entire atmosphere of the room suddenly changed in a single breath, Sherlock’s scent broadcasting anger and protectiveness.
Oh my gosh, I am so sorry about the lateness of this last chappie. School started and then other family stuff. Real life happens ya'll. Please have some smut to make up for it.
“She was crushed. She wouldn’t talk to us, and became withdrawn, depressed. We told her we loved her no matter what. She was our little girl, it didn’t matter to us.” James pleaded with John, beseeching him watery blue eyes.
"Everyone got that from a book." The Alpha responded, lowering the violin to his lap as he and John finally locked eyes.
Her reddened eyes took on a feverish glint, so near to maddening that John took a step back and raised his gun once more.
…” Sherlock growled, the sound coming in low and laborious, rippling through his thorax to settle deep within his bones.
John felt flushed, uncomfortable, and emotionally compromised in front of this man who was spilling his own soul.
It was full of hanging files, each one marked on top with a date scrawled on a small rectangular piece of paper hastily shoved inside a tiny plastic label holder. There were dozens in this one drawer alone, and John had no idea what they meant, if they were important, or useful at all to the case.
“How..?” she peered at him questioningly, before understanding dawned on her lovely face, “Oh! Oh well um, you had the surgery and you’ve sort of been out of it since then. So, I think, about three days? Give or take a few hours.”
, only barely managing to keep the door closed. “If you want me, you have to catch me. I thought you were apex Alpha, I thought you were supposed to be
"It's funny," John offered, low and personal, as if his words were for Sherlock and Sherlock only, "but I don't recall having seen you in that shirt before."
The next day at lunch, when his best friend Mike made a comment about the numerous blue and purple bruises lining his forearms, he didn’t say anything then either.
Visit me on Tumblr, I post all kinds of things - sneak peeks, links to other fics, CATS - OMG CATS!!
“Mr. Holmes?” John finally broke the silence before the growing tension became overwhelmingly uncomfortable.
He only vaguely became aware of strong and merciless hands clutching his ragged jumper and underarms, forcing him into an upright position before bodily carrying him out of the bungalow. He wanted to vomit again, the tides of nausea pulling at his consciousness – but he swallowed it down as much as he could. He couldn’t let this happen. He had to
Her wide, velveteen eyes looked quite serious, but the twist of her lips held more than little bit of mirth.
“Yes, how did you know?” John was intrigued, that was an emotional night for many parties involved, not the least of which was John himself. Sherlock had rattled off deduction after deduction, and the Omega was suitably impressed…until Sherlock mentioned his service the Army.
“Oi boss lady, calm down. Only Colin’s just left to give our little lovey his vittles.” A smaller man answered with impatience, fanning out his cards and not even bothering to look up from their game of Texas Hold’em. His name was Miles; he was a bald and generally unpleasant man. He cocked his head towards the one of the screens, showing a youngish security guard carrying a tray to John’s room.
, and landed there. Judging also by its clean base and lack of accumulated dirt and soil, I would say it’s rather recent. All of that aside, I think the most convincing evidence is what you will find ringed around the edges of the paper, none other than lip balm – Lypsyl Honeyberry, to be exact. Its scent is
She pivoted towards the room proper, peering at the unfortunate young man in question as he appeared to sleep peacefully on the uncomfortable-looking double bed. He looked rather posh, a little pale, and could do with some feeding up. Though he was rather handsome, with his dark curls and aristocratic brow, and those lips! She had half a mind to pat her hair and fan herself girlishly before remembering that he was her charge, and right now, being unconsciously wilful and disobedient. Honestly, young men these days, dashing about, ignoring their health and making a general mess of things! She could see she had her work cut out for her with
“Oh, well, how can one argue with percentages?” John snorted, sipping his tea and taking great care not to spill even a drop on his brand new Jennis & Warmann camel coloured tweed suit. “I wonder how I could have ever worried at all.”
Sherlock turned back round to John, a small smile on his face. He seemed excited and opened his mouth to begin speaking before John hauled back and punched the deceitful bastard
!” She shouted, her shoulders collapsed and face a watery grimace. Julia took a half-step forward, possibly rethinking this entire encounter, but John beat her to it.
Captain John H. Watson was no stranger to the horrors of war. In fact, the atrocities he’d seen committed by both sides (enemy and allies alike) were so firmly entrenched in his mind; they had a disturbing habit of bubbling up from his psyche in the darkest hours of the night. They wrested his peace and sleep from him, replacing his slumber with blood, sand, murky water, and peal after peal of gunfire.
But that was neither here nor there. John wracked his brain, trying to recall his last memories from before he passed out, before everything became hazy and soft. John was sat with Sherlock in his living room discussing the case. The madman had been prancing around the kitchen in that ludicrous way of his, making John’s mouth water and jaw clench with warring emotions.
“I-I think I made a mistake,” was all John could muster, voice small and tight, “I think…I think I’ve already been dosed with the drug.”
Dr. Watson scoffed, “I don’t know if you’re a gambling man Mr. Holmes, but 75% is quite significant. We expected to succeed, and even still, the implant was in his body for no more than a few minutes before he started showing symptoms of an adverse reaction.”
“Sorry…was that a question? Or, some kind of, I dunno, royal decree?” The blond kept his tone light, but there was an underlying current of strength that reminded Sherlock he was not someone to be taken lightly.
“It’s about science, Irene, it’s about discovery and creating something new. He’s unique, like you, and – and I couldn’t have you.”
“Ah, that you did,” John responded with his own half-smile, just a corner of his mouth quirked up a bit. He’d been told this particular facial expression was boyish and charming and he wasn’t above using all the weapons in his arsenal for this situation. This might be his only chance at gaining a position in the study, and if he wasn’t admitted, he will have failed everyone. Worst of all, he’d have failed Sherlock – and he simply could not let that happen.
She owned a small bungalow in North Berwick, just off a road that ran along the line of grey and stormy North Sea. John would watch his reflection in the windows as they drove by the shore, feathery coastal grasses dotting the landscape and keeping the sandy dunes from encroaching upon the small two –way lane. He always knew they were close to her house when he passed a strange grassy hill, ancient (he was told), upon which two rather unusual whale bones was placed atop in an archway just so. John smiled every time he saw it, appearing out of the mist like a bizarre new gateway God had once begun, but abandoned for better things (possibly bunnies). His wee Scottish gran said the archway was erected sometime in the early 1700s, and had been replaced many times over the centuries (John found out many, many years later that it had collapsed not too long ago and subsequently been replaced with a plaster replica, shame that). Most of the community was quite proud of their strange and unusual landmark.
At this point Brandy burst into tears, unable to keep herself together any longer. “I-I didn’t mean to…
John clenched his palms around Sherlock’s ears, pinkie fingers wrapping round the lobes. The mouth on this man was
“Margie, I’m going to want some blood drawn, maybe we can find out what happened. It’s – it’s almost as if he
OTHER: As you know, we’ve already interviewed REDACTED and REDACTED, but they can’t really give use the kind of information we desire.
He wasn’t confused anymore.  He knew exactly where he was (theoretically anyway), and he knew exactly who had him.
John blinked as a small card was forced into his line of vision. The card stock was quite heavy, expensive with a linen finish and embossed lettering. He didn’t bother to read it, but only took it limply, letting his hand fall back down to the duvet in an inelegant flop.
SO HARD!!! The set-up has to be just right. So here you have, the perfect set-up. Next chappie will be it.
This is not beta'd or britpicked, though I try very, very hard. Typos do slip through, feel free to call me out on them!
POLICE: However, you are still entitled to free and independent legal advice, do you understand this?
Sherlock pounded his fist on the table, forcefully, with a rage that knocked over more than a few slides and rattled the microscope. Both John and Molly took a startled step backwards, frightened by the man’s sudden and seemingly unwarranted fury.
anything with Marcus, but perhaps if he had known before, he wouldn’t have been so submissive and cavalier about the Alpha’s behavior.
John stared up at him, a small answering grin growing on his face - to say he’d been looking forward to this moment would have been an egregious understatement.
I have some ideas about showing a bit of John and Sherlock after the bonding, John and Sherlock meeting Marcus's family, and also what happens with Brandy and Julia's baby! Vote for whatever you want, but honestly I will most likely write them all and make this a series. Might even be an MPREG series. We will see!!!!
“Erm, it was…fine. Just an exam and interview process, nothing too difficult.” John was reluctant to share any more information with this new Omega, in fact, knowing what he knew now; he didn’t want him to go in at all.
It took Mycroft less than 48 hours to gather everything the British Government had on Sebastian Moran. During this time, Sherlock accosted the restauranteurs listed in the receipts from the study. One by one he visited their establishments, questioning, seeking answers from the owners.
The larger man scrambled backwards, chest heaving in blatant distress.  He looked as if he was afraid for his own life, eyes flitting to the door of the room and the window. John couldn’t help the expression of surprised disbelief and confusion that settled onto his face, deepening the harried lines around his eyes and mouth. He raised both hands in front of him, eyes wide and innocent.
On either side of the angular wooden desk, were two long hallways. At the beginning of each hallway was a plaque affixed to the wall with a range of suite numbers; John made his way down the hallway that offered the higher numbers of the two. The good doctor counted as he made his way past door after door, some of them suites or bathrooms, maintenance areas, or storage. When he reached the end he sighed, no Suite 895. It wasn’t like he was surprised; he was just rather loathe to return back to Baker Street having not even found the location of the study. A wave of disappointment coursed through his body.
The Omega’s mind quickly reminded John that it was normal and healthy for all men to have sexual dreams from time to time, but John only shook his head. That was no
” Sherlock pleaded, voice guttural and low, coming from deep within his chest where only his most secretive and base desires dwelled.
Laughter forced its way through the darkness to settle around his chest like a physical presence. Something about the tone of the voice seemed so safe, so perfect.
Mrs. Whitney frowned, obviously not approving of his attitude. “She will not be your housekeeper, Mr. Holmes!”
This answer became alarmingly clear in the next moment, as John felt the unmistakable sting of teeth just below his jawline. He straightened instantly, eyes popping wide. It was just then that John first felt the hard press of the Alpha’s interest.
When he finally made it to his room, it was cold and empty. The space smelt vaguely of musk and dirt, a scent that John had long ago forced himself to get used to. Living under the bridge (a place not well known for its air circulation), the everyday odour of unwashed humanity was as familiar a scent as fish and chips or malt vinegar. He didn’t really notice it so much anymore (his medical classes reminding him that the brain eventually ‘abandons’ constant stimuli in favour of something new), but he figures it must be all the time he’s spent outside in the fresh air and in clean places that’s making the stench especially poignant.
Dr. Wilkes and Dr. Adler could not be more different. Dr Wilkes was a grotesque, bumbling excuse for a man, and Dr. Adler was a creature of the silver screen. How could these two have
His doctors were all cautiously hopeful. It was a through-and-through, after all, and the muscle damage was considered manageable. His rehabilitation team had every confidence they could get him back to 100% working order in six months or less, if he was fully committed – and he was. He was fully committed to Sherlock, to joining him and creating a new life together, possibly helping on cases or helping out at the flat…maybe, maybe he could even work as a doctor again. The future was new, it was bright, and it was
John had heard a story or two once, of latents being allergic to the injections used to stimulate secondary puberty. It was rare, but it existed.
A wave of warmth flushed through the entrance to his anus, causing a small throb of lubrication to gush quite obviously (and embarrassingly) through his thin, powder blue scrubs.
A wave of exhaustion washed over John’s small frame, and it was decided, he would leave, make his way back to the bungalow, and lick his wounds in lonely silence. With one shaky inhale, he pushed away from the table and stood, turning away from the man to gather his canvas coat (lapel mended badly by Brandy) he had laid over the back of the maroon chair. He could feel his pulsing heartbeat in both his bullet wound and his tortured hip, and even though he and his some of his crew were now squatting in the shelter provided by the bungalow, it was going to be a long, cold night.
“Please, have a seat. My brother will be here shortly and we will begin.” The Alpha said the word ‘brother’ with a hitch and a sneer, there was definitely something going on there, John thought, but he certainly wasn’t going to pry into some stranger’s relationship with his family.
DISCLAIMER: I do not own or make money from this, and if I did, he would only be worth like, a dollar. Okay maybe two dollars. THREE DOLLARS MAX!
“You see, but you do not observe John…my John.” He spoke lowly, almost to himself, as his large hands circled the width and breadth of John’s imperfectly healed injury, “when first I saw you, under that blasted bridge, I knew you were more than you appeared - you with your tatty jumpers and your little band of friends. Of course I had heard about you, the Good Doctor, from one of my own little miscreants. It helps to keep some of the homeless on my payroll of course, you’d be shocked at the amount of information they can gather for someone of my profession.”
“What?” The baritone rumbled through the air with an undertone of annoyance. “To what is this ‘what’ referring, Doctor? ‘What’ as in, where are you? ‘What’, as in who are you? Or ‘what’, as in who am I?” The rapidly fired series of questions accosted his senses, and feeling quite befuddled, John couldn’t even begin to think of how to answer any of them.
As they turned the corner, both Sherlock and Marcus came into sight. Marcus was sat up now, slowly shaking his head from side to side, his expression one of surprised confusion and fear. Sherlock balanced lazily, effortlessly, of the balls of his feet, knees bent as he gazed intently into the stricken Alpha’s face. When Marcus finally laid his eyes on John, he practically scrambled in the dirt, trying to get to his feet.
John wiped a hand down his face, feeling suddenly exhausted. Any moment, any single minute now he expected to see him, Jim. When his defences were down, when it was difficult to put up a proper fight, that was usually when John saw him, sitting there, watching him. Jim would smile, suggestive but adoring, and John no longer cared whether it was an hallucination or some kind of otherworldly psychic projection bent on making his last days on Earth as difficult as possible.
“Moran will always be useful – in his own way. I keep him around for just that purpose, you realize.”
, was he prepared. His cock was erect, crimson and flushed, curved upright towards his belly and admonishing John for making it wait so damn long for absolution.
A fire-burst to his left threw sparks against the side of his face – glowing embers – but he barely felt the suffocating heat. The licks and spurts of the flames too close against his cheeks were inconsequential when he held the body of his dead wife in his arms, his Sentinel, and Heaven help those who would take her from him.
He burrowed into his bedroll, covering his form with a threadbare blanket, shivering hard once to shake out the moments of the day. A few deep breaths and the Omega was able to relax, eventually, his mind quieting and pulling him down into a dreamless sleep that promised an energized and eventful morning.
“Alright, it’s time. I have to get going, yeah? Here’s a few quid. I want you to get something to eat, something for myself as well…and I mean
Dr. Wilkes grasped the rough bottom of each heel and positioned his feet further to the side to sit in the stirrups that popped up from the end of the table. John complied, but only just; he had to keep reminding himself that innocent Omegas were being murdered. He had to be strong and get through this. As it was, he inhaled shakily and prepared for the worst. He could do this, he thought,
Before the warmly crackling fireplace there were two chairs, one he recognized as his own, and the other a beaten and well-worn maroon brocade monstrosity that Sherlock had certainly never seen before in his life. It looked well-used, loved, and dented directly in the middle of its plush seat.
It wasn’t quite what he expected…it was a little more chipper and less gloom and doom and evil-killing-corporation for his taste. He sighed and ended the call with a flick of his thumb, leaving a light trail of grease across his expensive new mobile.
“Didn’t take very long did it, I’ve only just left your car half an hour ago,” John stated, leaning on the table, wondering what exactly was on that thumb drive.
In any case, I will be working on the sequel and making this a series so...subscribe if you want another lovely, angsty Omegaverse story by yours truly!
He stopped and fixed John with a piercing glare, his eyes like ice chips glittering in a face equally as unfathomable.
A knot of visceral pain curdled in his abdomen, taking probable permanence between his heart and stomach. Is this what it felt like to realize you loved someone and know they would never love you in return? Was this heartbreak? What was the latent Omega to do now? He felt a familiar prickling behind his eyes and blinked quickly, pushing the impromptu feelings down and away, swallowing the sharp lump in his throat and returning his attention to Sherlock.
Sherlock nuzzled gently against his neck, continuing his deep, rhythmic inhalations and purr-like humming. For the first time, John wondered how long this was going to last. He wondered if the Alpha would eventually sate himself, happy and glutted on latent Omega essence, or…
The Omega looked up as he reached the last stair, only to find the large figure of Marcus coming through the front door, face awash with joy and smears of, chocolate?
Sherlock, who had not moved or spoken during the entire time the Omega was on his mobile, now twitched and stood with John, confusion apparent on his face.
of the kettle shutting off pierced through the uncomfortable silence that had descended over the room. Neither man spoke as John prepared their tea, making small, almost ritualistic movements, long practised and committed to memory from a probably very young age, resulting in two fragrant, but no doubt low-quality cups of tea.
Her smile was tight as she left silently through the door; she wasn’t unable to completely hide her own embarrassment at the situation. The Omega shook his head and began to dress, pulling on his vest and denims, but keeping his ragged jumper to the side.
him with his tongue, ingesting and absorbing every bit of John’s sweet excretions till he felt he could glut himself no more.
He twirled in triumph, dropping the butt gingerly into the clear bag grudgingly provided by an unhappy looking Anderson.
“Why should I? You made it perfectly clear where I stood last time we talked. What was the point?” John jerked his arm back, flexing his hands into fists at his side. The searing pain in his head reminded him that he needed to keep this as brief (and painless) as possible.
He didn’t get far, however, as just as he reached the knob, the door opened to reveal Marcus, standing quiet and unsure in the threshold. In his arms were blankets, a few manky pillows, and various other living items he’d collected out in the cold and dismal streets of London.
He'd done enough talking about it with his therapist when he returned to London, and fat lot of good that did. John had found more answers and more resolution living underneath that stinking and mildewed bridge than he'd ever found sitting in that bizarrely modern chair in Ella's office.
Sherlock stalked into the room like the predator that he was, hair wild and unkempt, cheeks flushed, and eyes so dark John could see the reflections of the heavenly constellations in their depths. His entire chest was flushed and mottle with arousal, his bollocks large and tight against his shaft. His only objective was John Watson, and as he turned his depthless gaze on John, the Omega knew the time for resistance was over. He had wanted to make it good for Sherlock, he had wanted to excite the man, present a challenge. Now this was done. Now was the time for mating.
His eyes were closed, tightly squeezed because he knew that if he looked down once, just once, the vision (Sherlock’s perfectly formed lips wrapped close and
Disclaimer: I do not own these characters, I just like to write about them. No money exchanged hands during the writing of this ridiculous chapter :)
"Your mobile - you haven't been answering my texts." It wasn't a question, just a simple statement of fact; yet the man looked at John with eyes clouded over in pain and uncertainty.
Suddenly, John remembered his earlier conversation with Julia and Brandy (good god, that was only this morning!? this really was the longest day ever). He remembered the expression on Brandy’s face as she recounted her conversation with the apex Alpha. She said, quite frankly, that it was hard to control herself around him; that she felt overwhelmed and railroaded the entire time. John wondered if Sherlock himself even realized what kind of power he wielded purely from the combination of amino acids and ester bonds that made up his genetic structure. Oh who was John kidding, of course he did.
The pounding continued, and quite suddenly, John felt a rush of salty saliva in his mouth. The urge to retch was so strong that he grabbed a large empty cup he kept on the floor beside his bed, quickly placing it under his mouth in case he really did sick up. A few strong, painful abdominal spasms later, and John was rewarded with only a tablespoon or so of thick, viscous bile sitting at the bottom of the cup. He sat it down, as far away as he could, not wanting the foul smelling fluid anywhere near his person – not while his nausea was still roiling around in his stomach.
“Calm down, was just winding you up anyway.” The smaller man wiped his mouth with a paper napkin, frowning as alarmingly large bits of electric green gelatine came away from his mouth – he wasn’t aware that he was such a sloppy eater, must be the medication. He folded the napkin thoughtfully then, placing it to the side of his mostly full plate, suddenly unable to make eye contact with his Alpha.
The Omega couldn’t nod his head fast enough, though the rush of morphine through his system set his vision swimming. “Yes,
The confession ripped through the smaller blond. He had never heard Sherlock apologize for anything – he honestly didn’t think the man was capable. Yet here he was, standing right in front John, offering an apology in earnest, his face open and far more vulnerable than John had ever seen.
“The first procedure was a success.” Mycroft shifted in his chair, appearing enrapt, though John was sure much of this tale was already known to him. He had a file, after all.
“No – no I generally don’t interact with patients at that level. The interview is usually conducted by Dr. Stapleton, or another doctor at the Serenity Cottage. Barrymore and I reside purely over the clinical aspects of the programme.”
“Is there anything you need, Mr. Holmes?” John was aware that though the towel covered all the important bits, he was essentially naked, staring at a frankly stunning apex Alpha, who seemed convinced that having a conversation through the bathroom door was a perfectly okay thing to do.
should have taken some more painkillers before he laid down a few hours ago. Well, he thought it was a few hours, anyway.
Somehow, when he was on the streets, his PTSD was tempered by the constant vigilance needed to not end up dead, or a victim of any of London's more unsavoury characters. Now, after what he'd been through,
The smile on the Beta’s face bordered on lecherous, his eyes taking on a dull gleam John tried not to recognize…though he’d seen it many times before.
The blond breathed a sigh of relief as the Beta removed his hands (finally), the waft of cool air as the man moved away was welcome. Then, he heard a packet being opened, and realized this was not over.
“Marcus,” John stated his name slowly, raising a placating hand towards the man. “It’s alright now. Just…calm down please.”
“Make the travel arrangements, if you would, Anthea.” His grip on his umbrella handle tightened momentarily, worried fingers squeezing the polished cherry wood handle. “This may be our last chance to save him.”
“Is that really how you see me?” John felt the weight of the world come crashing down on his shoulders. The love he felt for this beautiful, impossible man condensed in his chest, causing a lancing pain he had never felt before in his life; not for Mary, not for James, not for
Julia and Brandy stood not too far from him, smiling reservedly and bouncing their new baby side to side. Sarah leant forward, talking lowly to the baby girl and sending small little smiles to Bill.
Sherlock crashed down the hallway, face flushed and dangerous, eyes wide and glinting in the low light. John, still ridiculously erect and excited, hopped through the doorway in one backwards movement, before slamming the door in his Alpha’s face and bracing himself against the sturdy wooden plane. The whole idea was to give Sherlock a proper chase, a proper
“Well, I think you are a perfect candidate for the study, John.” The woman stated with finality. She lifted herself up from the couch, smoothing her snug white dress to her svelte form. John wondered what kind of imaginary wrinkles she was seeing, as that garment fit her like a glove. Like a very expensive glove that left little to the imagination.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and jammed his mobile in his pocket, it was clear he did not want to have this conversation.
John then stretched his slight frame, letting the slightly moistened seat of his pants flex and strain against his buttocks in a subtle but impactful invitation.
, after all. It was just preferable to the constant, unending stimulation he was forced to endure. The times that Mycroft had found him limp and barely breathing, lying in his own filth, had been some of the most peaceful moments of his young life.
Marcus followed at a slower pace behind his limping doctor, practically plodding after the blonde. John paid him no mind, lost in his own thoughts as he was.
“I want my things,” he continued, his voice low and as stubborn as before, “and I am gone. Please don’t contact me again.”
“I met her today, at my appointment. I’m certain of it. She’s a bit older, yeah, but her hair and her face, they’re the same. She told me her name was Irene Adler…said she was Formed through the same study we’re investigating now. She’s the one who accepted me and gave me the capsules. How can this be true?”
We don’t know why, well, there are some theories, but these powerful Omegas became…well, almost extinct. Some sociologists believed they threatened the power structure of the apex Alphas so much that they were hunted and persecuted almost into non-existence. But, still, some survived,” she motioned to John, and then back to herself, “you and I had this gene, yet, we couldn’t just form as normal because it was dormant, we needed help to become what we were destined to be. Don’t you see Jo – Mr. Watson? Don’t you see? We’ve helped you become what you were truly meant to be.”
“I’m sorry,” the Alpha murmured, low and atonal, he didn’t offer any reason for being in John’s room. But honestly, he didn’t have to. Their relationship was already strained almost to the breaking point; John certainly wasn’t going to kick him out.
“Dr. Adler, I fink her name wos,” the other Omega twitched inside his overlarge jacket. “She’s par’ o’ the group, y’ know.”
“Just give me a minute; I need to go get someone.” He left Marcus with Sherlock, who regarded the other Alpha with blatant mistrust and barely concealed hostility. John hoped he wasn’t making a mistake by leaving the two alone together, but he assumed two fully grown men could behave themselves for a few moments, even if one was challenged. He supposed he would find out when he returned.
Julia exhaled a forced, gusty breath, turning away to stare out the window nervously. She looked as if, at any moment, some kind of beast would break through the door and make corpses of them all.
“It fits the others then.” John murmured, remembering what Sherlock had told him about the previous bodies.  If there was any doubt in his mind that the dead Omegas and the fertility study were somehow connected, it was gone now.  They just had to find out why. Why was this happening?
John turned onto Baker Street exactly one hour after he started walking; the lacquered door came into view with its bright brass knocker glinting in a come-hither way John could not ignore. An undeniable wave of adrenaline coursed through his diminutive form, causing goose bumps and the hair on his body to stand at attention.
But now, could he take the next step and go for a more central implantation? The younger Mr. Holmes would be the first to receive an implant for this purpose.
That was only a few days ago, and a long stretch of countless hours spent harassing the Met and feverishly checking every CCTV camera for clandestine glimpses of his brother. When he’d found him this time, huddled and lifeless near a rusted skip by the dirty, sandy banks of the Thames, it had almost been too late.
“He’s not her husband!” Julia’s eyes flashed, before she swallowed heavily and looked down at the ground apologetically, “I’m sorry I – we don’t even like to think about him.”
Sherlock flipped over another page, pressing it down against the growing stack with probably more force than needed. The next leaflet consisted of bits of rectangular food receipts all stapled to one piece of paper. Really, their bookkeeping was abominable - as if it was really needed to keep each and every take-out receipt, honestly.
“I’m sorry, there’s a…been an incident. I just got off the phone with security, they should be up any moment,” the younger man nervously ruffled through a small pile of forms on his messy desk, finally holding up one in particular and eyeing it quickly, “oh yes, Mr. Watson! Of course, it’ll just be a minute. Trudi will be out in a moment for a sample of your blood, but I’m afraid Doctors Wilkes and Adler are otherwise…occupied, today.”
“Y-yes, I…I don’t know what happened.” He warbled, wringing his hands through his hair like some sixth former explaining to his parents why he’d failed his maths exam. “Only I was conscious one moment, staring at the ceiling above my bed…there was a most unusual stain… a-and then I found myself here the next.”
All of these thoughts aside, John grudgingly checked the text on his mobile, and was more than a bit surprised to see it was not from Sherlock at all.
“Quite the opposite actually. Jim was a bit barmy - brilliant, insane, charming,” he shook his head and faltered. There were at least a dozen more words he could use to describe James Moriarty, but none of them could really do him justice. How exactly did one describe the terrible, supple beauty of a flame?
. John couldn’t help but feel like a bit of a useless lump, considering all he did was sit in his chair and follow the madman back and forth with wide, almost worshipful, eyes.
It was easy to pretend this was business as usual; easy to pretend that this was simply another crime scene, but the truth of the matter was…this was
He decided to explore the eighth floor anyway, cane tapping a sad little tattoo on the floor as he entered the lift. No one else seemed to notice. John waited as the elevator slowly filled with various couriers, business persons, and building personnel he supposed frequented the high-rise.  There were 20 or so floors, and the row of shiny buttons inside the lift lit up like glassy fairy lights.
Sherlock turned away, forcefully halting the usual rapid deductions. It somehow felt very inappropriate to dissect the grieving family, and that led to another realization.
“John, I insist you stay with me while this is sorted. You’re more at risk. You’re too much of a…” Sherlock paused before he could finish that thought, fingers twitching as he clasped them tightly.
“Can I request a few items? Do you have room service?” He stared at Mrs. Whitney with no small amount of cheek, moving inside the room as if walking to his own untimely death.
“You poor thing, so eager for answers. I will tell you, in time, when you’ve settled a bit more and feeling better,” she ran her had down the IV pump, pushing a grey button before standing and running a cool hand down John’s damp neck, “you’re lucky. I’m not usually so accommodating.”
Mrs. Hudson ignored the outburst, searching instead through the Sentinel's modest closet for an appropriately clean get up. "Oh stop your whinging, drama queen."
…,” he trailed off, shocked beyond belief. John released his commanding officer’s hand and leapt off the cot, grabbing his uniform in an astonished daze. He dressed hastily, “and under
John laughed out loud, long and hard. He didn’t know why, but he found this entire situation to very, very amusing. No, John had not let the mobile die, but he hadn’t had it turned on much since he had it either. He didn’t really see the point, as he hadn’t made up his mind to help the apex Alpha in his investigation or not. But, considering the information that had just come to light, John figured he
The tension grew even denser between them, until the buzzing of Sherlock’s mobile cut through the air, causing both men to lurch forward in their seats, surprised and shocked out of their protracted staring contest.
John’s cock twitched feebly in his hospital gown, interested but inhibited by sickness and narcotics. Had he been hale and hearty, this scenting (only barely begun) would’ve surely ended one way and one way only – with John on his knees, classically presenting his dripping sex to his mate, and just barely keeping his begging at bay.
The man lowered himself into the chair, grinning at Mycroft like the cat who’d got…well, not the cream, but perhaps a copious bag of catnip.
His entire body hummed with an undercurrent of energy and arousal that was impossible to ignore. Muscles twitched that formerly felt dormant (or non-existent), his mind drifted to thoughts of carnality and passion, something he’d been able to easily keep in check before. Flushing, he felt a warm bit of wetness make itself known in the snug crease of his backside.
Between the clink of forks and the constant, dampish, too-loud brush of lips against cheap glassware, Sherlock could feel the beginnings of quite a spectacular migraine.
Sherlock also noticed, after the small group of emergency personnel eventually deemed him well enough for now (but more testing would be needed tomorrow, of course), that Sally kept glancing above his bed curiously, as if searching for something.
“They don’t know what they’re doing anyway! Besides, this paper was only found on the last body and I wanted to make sure it was pertinent before
,” he whispered absently, closing his eyes and remembering the video from what seemed like so long ago. Of course they had known all of this beforehand, but they had no clue as to the results, as to what
Now, they were alone, and John concentrated on putting one step ahead of the other, the click of his shined shoes reverberating through the nave.
“Then please take what I say next as a warning in the extreme. Besides myself, my brother has one of the most brilliant minds alive today. Coupled with his Sentinel abilities, there is very little he could not do.”
,” he commanded, voice low and rough, as if he couldn’t hide the emotion behind his words no matter how hard he tried, “stop it right now. Turn round, and face me.”
“No. No, I –” he paused for a long moment, distracted as the ticking of the grandfather clock in the corner counted down the final minutes of his session. “No. I can’t, I just…can’t.”
“Thank you,” John took the note from the woman and turned towards Amy once more, “keep him sedated for now, Fentanyl and Midaz. In the meantime I need to talk to John and find out what the hell he wants to do. We don’t have a lot of options. The cauda equina will be entirely too bruised and inflamed after this, we’ll have to wait until he heals or try again somewhere else.”
“We didn’t even know until the next day. He always worked late for the bank, took his job very seriously that one.” Mr. Chandler’s lips twisted with suppressed grief, “we thought nothing of it, figured he’d show up in time for dinner.”
When he finally emerged, it was as if he was rising upwards through dense and murky salt water, his mind grasping and flailing as the rippling, opalescent waveforms heralded his arrival from his mind palace to proper consciousness. Then, he was assaulted with bright pinpoints of light hovering dizzyingly only centimetres from his pupils. He balked, of course, as would any man who came to from meditation and mind cataloguing would. What was
The sobs came freely now, though he fought against them, against the visceral ugliness of the situation and the circumstances of Marcus’s death.
Sherlock nodded, though his expression didn’t change and he blatantly didn’t answer John’s question.
“This is very important information, Sherlock. Don’t make the mistake of thinking you are the only one who has a vested interest in this case,” his long index finger hovered over the ‘enter’ key for a moment longer, “if you can manage to keep quiet for more than two moments, you will be well rewarded, I assure you.”
Mycroft deigned to return the offered hand, though he did not rise from his seat. Barrymore shifted behind his desk, nervous and hyper alert, clearing his throat as the Dr. Watson sat down and made himself more comfortable.
Though he had downed three of his enemies in rapid succession, he couldn’t allow himself to relax now. Guards were like cockroaches, if you see one, there are likely dozens more. He quickly checked the pulse of the two unconscious men, making sure their heartbeats were strong, before standing and pulling out his own gun once more. The first guard would likely wake up with nothing more than a headache, the second would have a broken nose for sure, the third – well, John was maybe a little too rough with that one. He’d certainly need to be treated for a shoulder sprain, at
POLICE: Moving along, I just wanted to clarify that the date is December 8, 2014 and by my watch, the time is 1438. This interview is being conducted in New Scotland Yard in Interrogation Room 11. You have allowed REDACTED  to sit in on this interview, yeah, and you will concede any requests at having a solicitor present, am I correct?
“What is this really about then? And no fibbing, I can tell by your scent when you’re lying.” This wasn’t exactly true, but John tapped one worn finger against the side of his nose as if he could tell by Sherlock’s smell whether or not he’d switched dry cleaners or if the beans in the refrigerator had gone off.
John only heard a small rustle of movement behind him as he felt the mattress dip down towards his feet. He felt a touch, feather light, as Sherlock’s chest thrummed and purred at the Omega’s sudden and eager acquiescence. Alphas, even apex Alphas, weren’t so hard to please when a willing partner finally succumbed and presented themselves for mating.
Sherlock flicked his head towards her then, broadcasting a look that was absolutely scathing, and she regretted her hasty words almost immediately. With a thoughtful sigh, she attempted another tried and true avenue of investigation.
“You’re here for Mary.” His raspy voice sounded from deep in his chest. It was a statement, not a question.
If Sherlock still wanted John to move in and take the extra room (revelatory conversations from this afternoon notwithstanding), John’s not entirely sure he would still say no. It’s not as if John wants to be homeless, but…he doesn’t accept charity either. He’s not a moocher and, under the circumstances, would make doubly sure he was able to pay his own way from the get-go. That would certainly take some time, and some serious, deep down cleansing.  He realized he could take a job, any job, even though his latent status still would interfere a bit on that front.
She grasped the sheaf of paper with the faded receipts, some of them dated as old as several months ago, and some of them as recent as a few days.
He located a plastic vial of meperidine and one 3ml syringe. Hopefully this would be enough to ease Patterson's suffering. Although as a doctor, and as a fellow soldier, he knew it wouldn't be.
The brunette blinked and groaned with frustration; John got the distinct impression that prolonged interaction with people (or conversation for that matter) was not his strong suit.
Sherlock squeezed the sides of his arms, running his thumbs in small circles over the appendages in an obvious gesture of possession and, strangely enough, comfort. One corner of his mouth lifted, the ghost of a smile playing upon his full lips. A wave of pheromones curled around the Omega, tickling his nose with a promise of safety and love, if John would be so willing.
The tension in the air wavered and tightened between them, making John lower his gaze and inspect the ground as if it was the most interesting thing he’d seen all evening. He heard Sherlock depart, heard the crunch of his maddeningly expensive shoes crunch upon the gravel as he walked away. For a long moment, he didn’t feel he had the strength to raise his eyes from the ground.
“A visitor, eh? Come to save the day?” The smoking man took a long, taunting drag of his cigarette and flicked the lit remains towards John with a sneer.  “This ‘ere’s none of your business, mate. Jus’ ‘avin’ a lil chat with the Razzer ‘ere.”
As they neared John’s sleeping spot, both Omegas could hear the low, rippling rumble of Sherlock’s decadent voice as it bounced along the stone surfaces. The space underneath the arches gave sounds an otherworldly, echoing quality that sent shivers down the good doctor’s spine. John pictured Sherlock in his mind’s eyes for a moment and sighed inwardly. It just wasn’t fair that someone looked and sounded like that. What was an ordinary person supposed to do? How could they compete when someone had thousands of years of genetics and breeding on their side? They couldn’t, that’s how.
John sat on the fully adjustable (but still somehow managing to be completely uncomfortable), paper-covered, faux leather examination bed for what seemed like an inordinate amount of time. The smell of the exam room, the glint of metal and class canisters containing plasters and cotton tipped applicators only served to remind him of his tumultuous adolescence. Just how many gender specialists had he seen before his parents deemed him unworthy of Formation? How many times had he sat in this same type of room, wondering if that day was the day they would change their mind? How long did it take them to decide their money was better spent on alcohol and cigarettes than their own son?
The violin shrieked abruptly, sharp and loud bursts of sound that twanged from its body as the catgut was forcefully plucked with an unhappy index finger.
A newly formed Omega he may be, and in heat, but that in no way made him stupid, or weak. Ms. Irene Adler was about to learn that, the hard way.
He pushed all thoughts of Sherlock and his elite gender aside, moving up the stairs and past the closed door that housed the ridiculously in love and laughing pair. Sleep was on his mind now, and he rubbed his hands furiously against his face.
It was his own fault; Ed said he could smell him, everyone always said Alphas couldn’t control themselves. All the textbooks and doctors said he shouldn’t even have a scent, they all said so.
"Oh Sherlock, that was so lovely, your playing really is an inspiration." Mrs. Hudson gushed, holding a rather large mug of wassail to her lips. Perhaps she'd had too much. Lestrade stood behind her, one hand resting on John's chair, smiling in agreement.
IMA: I’ve already told you…it’s, it’s like flexing a muscle, or – or making a conscious decision, it’s hard to explain. If I could tell you more I would.
He dug a grubby hand into his pocket and pulled out several small notes, waving them in the air as he limped towards Marcus. It was all he had left for the next few days, his pension not being due again for another week. John shook his head as he finally admitted to himself that at this point, it wasn’t London that was expensive, it was everyone he was taking care of.
They encountered a doorway, and a little further down, another corridor in which an unconscious man was splayed, slumped against the tiled floor.
Sherlock Holmes stood not two meters away from him, and in his hand a blood smeared rock glittered in the sodium lights. His own eyes were bright and wide as he rushed towards John.
“I know that woman,” he spoke, breaking the heavy and serious silence, “in that video. I know who she is.”
Much thanks to all of you who have been following this from the beginning, or even those you found out about it yesterday, I love you all! Any comments, kudos, and bookmarks are appreciated and loved like chocolate covered blueberries!
He laughed, a high note of incredulousness tainting the sound, “how do I learn not to do something if I’ve no idea I’m doing it.”
His response was immediate and visceral. It was fortunate that both men were under the expectation that Captain John H. Watson would fight tooth and nail, that he would
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock turned on his heel and stalked to the nearest metal table, “he manages to poke his gigantic nose into all manner of things, quite needlessly. It’s very
The emphasis on the word ‘lick’ left John with a more than vivid understanding of Wilkes’ thought process. The itchy, hot flush in his abdomen abruptly ceased, leaving his skin cold and pale.
Now, he used his limited funds for other things, and wasn’t quite as able to hide his Omega latency like he wanted. He knew most of the others already knew, their little group was a sort of family that inhabited a certain section of the city, and it wasn’t easy to hide secrets from your family. They weren’t quite a gang, just a gathering of about 20 individuals with similar life issues that helped each other out. Most of John’s pension went to food and hostels for some of the younger women and men. John didn’t mind sleeping rough if he could help others avoid the true hardships of homelessness.  You could find every variation of the spectrum harboring their ills under that god-forsaken bridge, and each had their own sad stories. John found solace in doing what he could. It was the only thing he found peace in nowadays; that stilled his fractious soul. This had the rather unfortunate effect of garnering John a reputation as the Good Doctor (he didn’t mind, though it did make him slightly uncomfortable), as not only did he help others monetarily, he did so medically as well.
Alight with playful love and just a hint of true danger, John’s heart beat a tattoo of lust and heartbreak, injury and reparation, and every long dark day he ever had to spend wondering if he’d find someone who’d love him, wholly, for being just John Watson, and not a collection of reproductive organs and societal expectations.
yes, take me. I’m yours, always yours.” He was breathless, aching, and almost insensible in his need.
?” Ed’s bulky form leaned over and picked up the ball, bouncing it from one hand to the next, nonchalantly. He looked no more dangerous than as if he had just asked John about the weather. John knew better. He glanced behind the larger teenager and saw two more of his cronies, Pete and Jason, walk up behind him.
John’s laughter died down and he huffed at the rectangular menace, digging deep into his brain matter, thinking there must be something in there that could help him operate this shiny piece of technology.
Brandy’s laugh was pathetic, a high pitched warbling noise that did little to convince anyone in the room that she was alright. “I know.” She turned away from John and fell into her lover’s arms, snuffling into her shoulder.
“John, my John, all this for me?” He flicked his tongue teasingly against John’s anus, enjoying the in and out pulsation of the muscle, “I’m going to eat you alive. I’m going to suck you dry till there’s nothing left. Would you like that?”
Like his Sentinel abilities, his transport was a tool, nothing more...but even the simplest of tools required regular care and maintenance.
Sherlock had long since stopped his pacing and turned away from the Omega, choosing instead to stare out of the far window by the cluttered desk. John watched, worried, as the taller man kept his hands clasped tightly behind his back and looked dispassionately out into London, onto its wet streets and hapless citizens. He absorbed the Alpha’s beautiful profile, strong and Grecian as it was, his pale skin reflecting the streetlamps as if he were a ghostly visage out of some Dickensian tale.
After a moment, he seemed to settle, peering over at John and inhaling deeply. An unexpected calmness came over his face and he looked a bit chagrined at his behaviour, though he said nothing.
He stretched his neck, lifting his chin in an unconscious manner, feeling all of the heat and pounding heartbeats leave his chest and settle far, far lower. If this went on much longer, he really would be in trouble. He couldn't control his bodily reaction, not when he was flush chest to chest with the man he dreamt about, thought about, wanted to be with and see every day for the rest of his life.
He well-remembered the words from the video Mycroft had shown them in the morgue, how the doctor had spoken of flu-like symptoms: nausea, headache, etc. It seemed the virus, the Package, or what have you, was truly taking its course; he just wasn’t sure exactly where this course would lead. And truly, this left him quite terrified.
The doors swung silently as the blond limped out of the morgue, out of the hospital, and into the cloudy (but strangely) bright London afternoon.
“You didn’t create us, mind. You merely took what already existed and coaxed it to the surface, quite imperfectly, as I do remember,” she touched a small white button on a wall adjacent to the glass and a current of palpable energy ran though the clear barrier, turning it instantly opaque, “it was horridly painful. You’re lucky I didn’t find you in your sleep and strangle you afterwards. I volunteered to be Formed,
He began to pace in front of his desk now, a slow, meandering affair that suited the pensive expression on his face.
Well I have to say I am really, super, enjoying writing this story. The more I delve into the meat and bones of it, the more satisfying it is for me to write. This chapter didn't take long at all. But, moving forward, I hope you all enjoy. Please do keep in mind that one of the tags listed up there is 'Pseudoscience,' so no nit-picking on sciencey stuff, kay?
“I see.” Mycroft replied, the man had thought as much. Although considering the conversation he had just had with his impetuous brother, he’d hoped Dr. Watson’s decision would change in the near future, “If that is how you feel, then it will be so. You may contact me on this line at any time, it is secure.”
The people on the street gave him a wide berth, and the two men he was following were oblivious, which was for the best really. It certainly made things easier.
John sighed, worrying, glancing towards the fireplace and wishing for all the world that there was a fire.
Come chat, and come see me at 221B Con. I'll just be floating around and probably acting entirely too silly for my age. Oh well!
He averted his eyes, the lushly carpeted floor becoming incredibly interesting now, for John stared at it so severely he thought for sure the strength of his gaze would cause it to smoulder and burst into flames. He almost never talked about his family - and he
To be honest, he hadn’t truly known why he offered "fix it for her" – magnanimity was not a trait he actively cultivated. Rather, he eschewed all flavours of sentiment and tended towards cold, hard reason above all else.
John panted, his blue and white checked cotton shirt clinging to his armpits and the small of his back. He could feel his sweat gather in small, glistening pools around the edges of his collarbone; he could feel the moisture tickling at the hidden entrance between his swollen buttocks, which felt unusually plump and aching, begging to touched, groped, or squeezed in brutal and viciously lovely ways.
A third man, stouter than the other two, had the temerity to look annoyed and almost downright rebellious.
Captain John Watson lost his words, suddenly. He lost his thoughts, and by God his very faith in this world as he saw the vehicle in front of him lurch suddenly and then jack-knife, tail end up in a burst of hellish flames. The Land Rover ahead of them flipped end over end before landing with a sickening crunch in a spray of rocks and flaming debris.
do I have to tell you?”  Sherlock clasped his hands behind his back, practically pacing a groove into the chipped tiling of the large room. He shook his head, a spastic motion, as if hearing voices screaming at him from its synaptic depths.
The thought gave him little comfort, and he placed the note on top of her bedroll, folded in half with her name hastily scribbled on top and the card tucked neatly inside.
"Okay, okay, alright. Stop now. I was only joking. Goodness you can be so literal at times." John laughed, his smile causing small wrinkles of joy to alight around his lapis lazuli eyes.
“I can’t believe this, they’re sad Sherlock. I know that’s hard for you to understand what with your brain and all but –”
.” Sherlock grumbled from above his specimen, obviously perturbed that he was not at their centre of attention, “John, you
.” Sherlock interrupted rather forcefully, inserting himself between the elderly woman and his Omega. He smiled then, true and with genuine delight, meeting John’s gaze with a fierce warmth that lit John’s belly with a fire he was certain he could never extinguish.
“I’ll take that as a yes.” She chuckled, moving her head side to side as if she found Sherlock’s behaviour thoroughly amusing. “As you know, the cauda equina enervates the lower part of the body, as well as the genitalia. In earlier trials, we experimented with placing the implant in other areas along the spinal cord, but this was the most effective. I think it has something to do with the sexual nature of Sentinel/Guide pair bonding. But who knows really.” She smiled a bit, self-deprecatingly. “We can pretend all we like that we know what’s actually going on in our bodies, but in the end, it’s all just a big mystery most of the time.”
chair now, after all), as Sherlock perched across from him, legs folded up to his chest in his own leather monstrosity. John was out of breath, sweating, and feeling entirely cranky and useless. It would just…take time, he realized. On the coffee table in front of him lay a dirty tea tray, presumably Mrs. Hudson’s, and one thin manila folder.
Sherlock lowered them gently, sweetly, and devoutly unto the sheets, though he was still trapped behind his Omega because of his knot. Every once in a while he would grunt and groan, another orgasm shooting a sizeable load of semen into John’s passage, little good though it would do.
He tried to breathe shallowly, not entirely sure what she was referring to, but certainly not wanting this woman’s stench inside him, inside his lungs.
John did so, and shifted about on the cushions till his grouchy hip stopped its grumbling and quieted down. The Omega heard Sherlock shuffling about in the kitchen, opening and closing various doors and tins, but he didn’t turn to look behind him, instead he focused on the plethora of scientific books and journals strewn across the dusty surface of the coffee table.  Sherlock was a very learned man; that much was apparent in the way he held himself and in his public school accent, but John didn’t realize he was such an academic. The blond sifted through a few of the publications, before Sherlock appeared by his side, offering a cup of delicious smelling Earl Grey tea that was just milky enough to be satisfactory. He didn’t bother to think how Sherlock knew how he liked his tea, he supposed the man deduced it from the way he wore his jumper or put on his socks or something.
That’s exactly how he found her, moving with a frantic energy and hunched over some ungodly loud, whirring machine.
He made it out of the Centre easily, feeling slightly foolish now about his gloom and doom mentality before his appointment. This had all been easier than expected, and if Sherlock could garner any information from his haphazard collection of pictures then he wouldn’t consider the visit a complete waste. Not even the throbbing in his head, the nausea, or his aching hip could prevent the tiniest of smiles from appearing on his face.
Sherlock whipped is head round sharply, piercing Mycroft with a frosty gaze that promised the man if this conversation continued much further, he would not like the outcome. “It was
She rewarded him with an indulgent smile and picked at her sleeves. “That and more, my boy, I’ll just be a moment.” And with that, she exited the room in a rustle of stockings and gauzy swishes of her skirts.
His thoughts were never far from his Omega, and Sherlock fancied he could scent him even through the heavy northern pine doors of the church. John’s pheromones carried a complicated mixture of hope and sorrow, these days, but today, today it was rife with grief and regret.
John moved across the room, suspicious and apprehensive, half-crouched and conscious of both exits. Years of military training had imparted on him certain skills, one of them making sure his immediate area was secure. She moved along with him, and they almost circled each other, at least two metres between. With a hitch in her breath, she wiped one long, creamy forearm across her face. Her mascara and eyeliner smeared; a fresh shock of black against her alabaster beauty, which strangely enough, did nothing to undermine her loveliness.
” Lestrade managed with some difficulty, though outrage and inappropriate laughter warred on his face. He slammed the door behind him with great prejudice, “we’re in hospital, have some
“The victims of the study were all killed elsewhere and then dumped at, as of yet, unrelated areas. Some of the wounds vary, but hint to a kind of escalation,” he swivelled in his chair and rifled through the first of the files, pulling out a large glossy photo of one of the first victims associated with the latent Omega murders, “here, this young man Scott Andrews…he met his final end through potassium injection – by the way thank you for that Molly, excellent work there – and it was only after his death that he had a vaginal hysterectomy. The next man here,” another photo flopped on top of the next, “the same. Although this time there are also incisions near both of his kidneys, leading to removal of his adrenal glands; and so on and so forth. Each new murder built on the one previously until we have Jimmy Price. He had a full abdominal hysterectomy, removal of his adrenal glands, various lymph nodes, and excessive damage to his pituitary gland.”
John, however…well, he generally smelled of the sweetest perfume that someone put on several days ago and never quite washed off. His scent was so faint, his glands so immature, that he could almost pass for a Beta; that is, a genetically neutral Beta human. There were times, however, when he was under great stress (or distress for that matter), that his scent became stronger…but it happened rarely nowadays, and he was just fine with that.
time he had ever seen Marcus display any kind of traditional Alpha posturing was due to someone laying unwelcome hands on John himself. That unfortunate beta, a drug addict as high as a sodding kite, left with a dislocated shoulder that John ended up apologizing for and helping reset. It took John several long moments to convince Marcus afterwards that the man was not trying to hurt John, but was not thinking correctly, and he couldn’t just go around manhandling other people. Ever since then, Marcus had become John’s bodyguard, of a sort, and seemed to take the ‘no man-handling’ rule to heart. No one messed with John much now, not when Marcus was around.
Julia ushered her tired Omega towards the door, looking back at John as it opened and she stepped through the threshold. “Be careful John, take care of yourself.” Brandy shot him an apologetic backwards glance and she and Julia disappeared into the cloudy morning light.
The blond ruminated a bit longer. He remembered being embarrassed enough to want to flee the flat, but Sherlock asked him to stay and offered a bit of tea. John, like any good Englishman, couldn’t pass up a cuppa, so he decided to stay and enjoy a nice treat of Earl Grey…
and everything good and perfect in this world that he had previously chosen to abstain from. It was liquor of which he would never find an equal, a necessity he didn’t know would become essential to his being.
On his desk, beneath a notepad of inelegant scratchings, were the plans for Sherlock Holmes’ implant. He had it all worked out, right down to the millimetre, and while he still suffered from odd pangs of errant nervousness, there was nothing more he could do right at this moment.
Sherlock barely heard the Guide, so enrapt was he in the startling stink of chlorine in his Mind Palace, of all places. It was unwelcome, foreign, and it wasn’t until his surrounding began to fade that he was brought back to the attention by his Guide.
“You gave me an awful fright you did, Sherlock! Is it alright if I call you Sherlock? Sometimes your types tend to be so stuffy and downright constipated. My last charge, oh he was a –”
He wrenched his gaze away from the glass, though it seemed to pain him in doing so, and favoured the woman with an accusing eye.
His thigh ached, competing with his shoulder and hip for attention. He didn’t allow himself to linger on his wounds for long; that was too much for him to handle right now. He hadn’t made any significant long-term plans (except to be with Sherlock, of course), only forcing himself to concentrate on getting better and increasing healing and range of movement, and possibly getting rid of the
“Look, I don’t really want to go into it now, but Marcus has got himself in a bit of…an emotional way. He needs some looking after, and since you’re about the only other person, Omega or otherwise, he’ll listen to…” His sentence trailed off there and he shrugged, pleading with her silently.
John took advantage of the Alpha’s disorientation and grabbed the conniving bastard by his collar. He leaned in, voice dipped low and dangerous. Sherlock may have thought him meek and easily manipulated, but now he was going to learn the truth.
Marcus’ meaty hand grasped the notes gingerly; closing his fist over and over again, watching as they crumpled in on each other time and again.
“I know, this is terrible, I do apologize. Normally this room is locked and only used for breaks and file storage but, well…with the trouble we’ve had today…”he sighed, putting John’s file on the old, scratched table with a
It only took two more blows before the door finally gave way. The left side swung outwards with such force, it clacked against the inside wall with a bang, releasing dust, dirt, and bits of rust particles kicked up by the violent entrance.
“Puzzling out?” Sherlock scoffed, plopping his small half-empty piece of china back on the serving tray with a clatter of porcelain on enamel, “I fail to see the great mystery. She has a benefactor, simple as that. Someone behind the scenes, obscenely powerful – someone who, I believe, funded not only the London study, but the others as well.”
John managed to glance down at his now ruined clothing, his breath coming in forceful gasps, “Marcus…stop this.
“Look here you, you’re paying us to watch one scrawny little Omega, how hard could it possibly be to -”
“Please don’t forget to share this new information I’ve left for John,” he motioned to the manila folder residing just beside the soiled tea tray, “our interviews with Mrs. Adler proved most informative before her unexpected escape.”
, Mycroft.” John gripped one of the buttons of his blue and white checked shirt, an unhappy frown broadcasting his reluctance.
Most of the beginning of this fic is based off my own experiences. Well, just the very beginning, the part about North Berwick and the whalebone arch on top of the hill. I have been there and it was lovely. Also, I based John's wee scottish gran off of a friend of mine's wee scottish gran. Her voice, my god, she tried to have a conversation with me once and I practically fell asleep. It was hypnotic!
He turned to Murray, prismatic eyes dark and direct, “Follow my lead, and do not hesitate to shoot if you feel threatened. Do you understand?”
John closed his eyes, all his senses on alert and pounding into his brain in painful clarity. He felt the too-hot radiation from the man’s hands as he stroked the underside of his thighs firmly, gripping and making his way down to his entrance. John only hoped it was quick, he didn’t know how much more of this he could take.
So, while John was sure he might be coming down with something, Sherlock seemed as hale and hearty (and as snarky) as per usual, which did nothing to assuage John’s fears.
“John! Thank god! Don’t go out there right now!” A lovely, yet thin, brunette Beta grasped John by his shoulders and backed him away from the door. She was apparently ignoring the completely gob smacked look on his face, and twisted her head to the woman behind her.
“You need me…,” he couldn’t say any more, the rage and disbelief closing off his throat momentarily, cinching his chest and tightening his mouth so much as to be nearly painful.
She scoffed, releasing his grip and crossing her arms across her chest, diaphanous emerald green blouse glinting in the light. In her experience (and she had had a great
John mind?), considering he had stopped by his favourite Indian establishment to pick up a bit of takeout before heading to the bungalow. He had deduced the Omega’s preferred dish upon meeting him only a few short weeks ago (curry stains on the edge of one frayed cuff, as well as the scent of a few unmistakable spices on his breath), and he only hoped it would be to his liking.
“Y’now, the study group,” Jimmy sniffed, the sallow cast to his face making him appear even more disagreeable
Now he knew why he said those words, that simple phrase which meant everything (in a sense) and yet he meant nothing by it. It was Moriarty. The man, the spirit, this tainted being was seated inside him, hands and fingers dug so deep in his mind that his will and words came spilling from Sherlock’s mind without hesitation. Sherlock felt possessed, in a way, infected by a virus whose vector was a man whose sole intent was to save his life.
John waited by the door, anxiously peering out of the grimy window. He hoped against hope that he wouldn’t be caught here, or see a tall, impossibly gorgeous Alpha turn round the corner towards the bungalow, the wind whipping his woollen coat behind his back.
“I have my ways. Rest assured they are entirely legal and entirely permanent. Better this than losing your license, yes?”
Sebastian Moran chuckled, taking a long drag of his cigarette before placing his bet. “I give him three minutes before he’s throwing himself at the Omega. I don’t know what you were thinking, Irene, hiring someone so wet behind the ears.” The blond man rolled his eyes, the motion pulling at the scar that stretched across his cheek, and returned back to his game with a wry smile.
After they’d arrived at 221B Baker Street, the Alpha regained his energy and flitted about the flat with the comfort and ease of one who knew exactly where the needle was in the haystack; John himself could sense no discernible rhyme or reason to the haphazard placement of Sherlock’s belongings, including books, papers, clothing, and one viciously stabbed-to-the-wall Cluedo playing board. The blond raised his eyebrows in unfeigned curiosity,
The other man twisted his head once; a firm shake side to side. He pinched his lips shut, cutting off the blood flow to his lips and making them blanch into one long, thin, white line.
“Mrs. Hudson! I’m sorry, I’m so sorry…” he rolled his eyes inwardly, cursing his misplaced exuberance, “…is Sherlock at home? I tried ringing the bell…”
John placed his hands to his face, groping along his cheeks and neck until he was sure there was no damage to his head (other than his previous injuries). Then he quickly glanced down to his chest, moving his palms along the almost concave plane of his abdomen and then throwing the snowy white duvet away from his legs. A thankful sigh escaped his lips; he felt, and appeared, unharmed. He was still dressed in his too big jumper and not-quite-clean jeans from…the day before was it? He had no idea how long he’d been asleep, and truth be told, he hadn’t slept that well in ages.
“John…” Sherlock’s deep voice cut through the thickened air around them and he would have continued had John not turned away, reaching for his folder to file in the filing cabinets.
The Omega announced his presence by opening the doors and clearing his throat. The young woman started, quite violently, as her attention was so wholly on the apex Alpha that she hadn’t spared any energy for anything else. She smelled faintly of flowers and rain, and John realized she was an Omega, like him…but she was Formed, unlike him. That would explain her worshipful glances and near covetous behaviour around Sherlock. Again, he felt very sorry for her, just as surely as he had felt sorry for Sarah when she had first been introduced to Sherlock.
appeals to you,” Sherlock quipped, turning around to lean against the cold metal edge of the table, well within view of the laptop’s high definition screen.
of metal hitting the ceramic floor. He slammed the man face first into the white wall, practically crushing his ribcage, sneering as he did so.
It was more difficult to wake up this morning, but then again, it was difficult to do most things nowadays. The chill of the frozen dirt beneath his makeshift bed seeped through his threadbare clothing to settle deeply into his bones. He had only slept fitfully the night before, the ache in his shoulder becoming more and more uncomfortable as the temperature dropped. Finally, he gave it up as a lost cause and simply rolled over onto his right side (much to the dismay of his hip), and watched the foggy London night play out its nightly dramas and heartbreak. He wished, just once, that he could manage a good night’s sleep. He had served his Queen and country dammit, for all the good it did him, didn’t he deserve one blessed dreamless bit of respite?
John managed a thin smile, knowing he probably looked far worse than ever the apex Alpha had seen him before. They hadn’t managed to put much weight on him while he was held captive, and now, well, one didn’t garner much of an appetite while initially recovering from a serious leg wound. He knew his face was still scraped and bruised, unshaven, cheekbones entirely too sharp, and the bed baths (while mildly entertaining at first) didn’t hold a candle to a good long soak in a hot bath. Hell, he’d even take a quick hosing down at this point, just to get the stink of infirmity off him.
That morphed into an intense pleasure that rivaled the orgasm that just left him flailing and stupid as he took his lover’s knot. His cock, obviously flaccid after spending itself so thoroughly after that fantastic (and first time knotting) orgasm, rose impossibly to attention once more, twitching itself into a dry orgasm that was somehow even more intense than the one previous.
Sherlock forcefully slid each slide into their requisite plastic slots; some of them cracked, splintered, or broke apart altogether (he didn’t seem to notice). His viridian eyes were vacuous and distant, his mouth viciously tight. What was he doing?
They shared a long moment in silence before Sherlock was willing to speak again like a rational human being.
Mycroft looked dubious, “The average human memory is only sixty-two percent accurate, are you certain you can remember
John coughed, but tried to stay still, only pumping his right hand to assist in engorging his veins. The blond wasn’t about to tell the young woman that it was more than just a ‘bit of aches and pains.’
“Years ago, Dr. Frankland worked at Baskerville, an elite military facility for medical experimentation.”
Sherlock glanced at him sideways under his long dark lashes, before kneeling towards the body and looking at John expectantly.
Both men had recovered from their surprise…and each with hellishly dangerous looks on their faces now. The shorter man gripped his Taser in his right hand, advancing on John with the slow careful movements of a predator.
“Fantastic. That was bloody brilliant.” He couldn’t keep the look of amazement from his face as he peered at the Alpha. Brilliant
The Omega flexed his hand, the grip on his metal cane sweaty and warm. He didn’t need to mention it to Sherlock twice.
Energy pulsed between them, and for a long moment, John wasn’t sure Sherlock would come back to himself. He did though, balling his hands into fists and stepping away so abruptly that he must have taken the air with him, for John couldn’t breathe through the vacuum that suddenly descended upon the hallway.
They were useless and counterproductive, these nightly visitations from a part of his life that was once treasured and full of promise. Now, that future he'd so fervently wished for (Major, or perhaps even being the first Omega to achieve Lieutenant Colonel), still lay smoking and bleeding on that long stretch of dusty road just outside of Garmsir.
“I understand Dr. Watson, my younger brother was very low risk, so please, do release yourself of any undue responsibility. I know how dangerous and critical these procedures can be.”
accompanied the statement, the sound of the tip of an umbrella thrust down upon the floor to gain attention and interrupt clandestine activities.
John stared mutely at the cracked foam tiles in the ceiling, his tightly closed lips forming a tortured line across his face.
“I’m sorry…you just scared me is all. I am scared for John. Who knows where we would be right now if we never met him?”
It was just as she was about to completely lock up for the evening, just as she was heading through the wooden double doors out of her lab, that her mobile rang.
“You are the most glorious creature I have had the privilege to lay my eyes upon.” Sherlock swallowed, seeming to regain a bit of his self-control in their emotionally and sexually charged confrontation. “And you were not to be hurt.
“I found it inside…th-the alarm was going off, making a right racket. I didn’t want the police to have it. I know you gave it to him. I helped him with it you know, at the beginning.”
In all honesty, I am struggling with motivation, but somehow mucking through. I sincerely hope this does not show through in the quality of my writing (such as it is!).
Molly offered a small little smile at Sherlock’s comment and began to busy herself; staining specimens and preparing slides for Sherlock to analyse at his leisure. She seemed a quiet kind of person actually, quite content in doing what was asked of her (by Sherlock at least).
“Come here you madman,” he gripped Sherlock’s suit jacket gently and tugged, and Sherlock, never one to miss so obvious a cue, bent down easily and met his love with a gentle, heartfelt kiss.
Though it seemed, in moments like this, all his ambitions were of little consequence in the end, if he couldn’t protect his family and those he held dearest to his orderly and most privately tended heart.
John had met many people in his short, (and let’s be fair) rather pointless, life. Each one of their faces flashed through his mind in that instant, miming some kind of morbid flip book one finds for five pence at the kiddie shops. And at its conclusion, he could say, incontrovertibly, that none managed to still his breath or arrest his heart quite like the vision stood before him.
“Jesus, you take it so good,” Sholto whispered, splaying his hands across the swell of John’s arse, slowing down in turns, face reddening near his climax, mouth dropping low and obscene as if starved for oxygen, “so damn
He waited, not wanting to be rude and interrupt, but it didn’t take long before both men became aware of his presence.
He left Marcus near the Vauxhall Arches, as they had decided to stop there for the day. He rang Mycroft quickly, forcing a stilted and uncomfortable conversation with the posh man before signing off and beginning his long walk to the Highlands Centre, marching forward and onwards, ever the good soldier.
“Yeah, actually,” he inhaled, just a rush of air to artfully cover his lie, “actually, that bit’s going pretty good.”
The man grazed a hand over the breast of his scandalously tight aubergine dress shirt, sighing yet again. Then after a moment he clapped his palms together, twirled one on foot and dove towards the other end of the room, rummaging through a large woolen coat draped carelessly across the back of a hideously upholstered Edwardian chair.
Sherlock’s large hands slid enticingly up John‘s chest, neck, and placed themselves on each side of his jaw. The Alpha’s hot breath flooded the Omega’s senses.
“Oh well,” she chimed, tying the tourniquet and administering a few well-place slaps to the underside of his arm, “that’s common enough. Bit of aches and pains, slight fever, yes?”
“My thoughts exactly,” the Alpha replied, as if reading John’s mind, “at first I thought it was some kind of revenge killing. You know, lover’s spat and all that…twaddle. But then another body showed up a few weeks later, and then another. It became more than just a coincidence, and as my brother is so fond of saying-”
He pushed that thought away; thinking about a certain apex Alpha’s pale, creamy neck had a tendency to evolve into fantasies of a dubious, sexual nature more often than they did a homicidal one. John did not appreciate his hind-brain for that
Luckily, Sherlock had made sure to include a pair of clippers with the shaving pack he offered John, and he relished the idea of being military standard once again. On the streets, he usually let one of the girls take some scissors to his hair if it got a little wild, and he usually regretted that decision immediately. This time though, he would have his hair done proper, and he might actually look like a human being again.
For the first time since the meeting began, she smiled genuinely. It was like the sun splitting through the feathery linings of a cloud. John couldn’t help but stare at her incredulously.
“I believe so.” Sherlock frowned, already connecting the dots and coming to the inevitable conclusion. “You have to be more careful John.”
He remembers their stares when first he came home, eyes full of pity, though rarely did they truly make direct eye contact. John was used to fielding saddened glances from strangers and busy souls making their way down the streets, but never was he subjected to so obvious a display as the suited and bespectacled interviewers who stated (under no uncertain terms) that he was not qualified for any of their open positions but they would certainly keep his CV on file. The interviews were uncomfortable, to say that least, and being a latent Omega (or as those less politically correct still say, half-gender) didn’t help him one whit. They never lasted long anyway, and John was forced to return to his tiny little corner of government housing and continue his internal debate the actual colour of the walls (beige? taupe? tan? mushroom?)
He left it at that, letting the weighty silence speak for itself, and after a few long moments, Anthea finally cleared her throat.
But she lay unresponsive as one claret drop of blood from the lethal gash in her forehead stained the outside corner of her left eye a deep, rusted red. There was no reaction – no rapid blinking, no unconscious jerk of the head to an alien substance finding its way into her eye. She was utterly and deathly still, head cradled in the John’s dirty hands.
“…I know what you’re doing John – what you’re trying to prove. I can see it every time you answer the call. Stop trying to prove yourself to them and start trying-”
It was quite possible that John might kiss him…or he might sick up, it was about a 50/50 chance at this point.
Sherlock smiled as John smoothed a hand down his long neck, his eyes landing on his flashy, and yet somehow tasteful tie. Sherlock hated ties – he considered them cheeky and stifling. This was Sherlock making an effort for John, and John couldn’t appreciate it more.
Finally the man turned and flicked a pale, elegant hand in John’s direction, nodding towards a faded maroon patterned armchair. He cleared his throat, making even that guttural noise sound distinctive and posh.
Slowly, he shimmied out from under his duvet wrap and inhaled, opening his abilities to the world around him. He expanded his senses no further than his own room, having already been through the pain of overreaching a few days ago.
“Well…we’re not really at your flat of course, this is just your Mind Palace. But, I do live here now.”
John couldn’t move, he could say nothing as Marcus lunged towards the Taser man, teeth bared in animalistic ferocity. Then –
Irene stood next to him, smaller, but only in stature. Her tenacious eyes noticed the way the man leant against the glass, how his breath condensed at the surface, at once obscuring the object of his desire and his own greedy reflection.
They slept on benches and behind bins, both of them becoming quite filthy in the process. This necessitated a trip or two to the Day Centre for a wash and change into clean clothing. He didn’t have the convenience and privacy of 221B anymore, so things slowly began to go back to the way they were before he ever even set eyes on Sherlock Holmes.
John shoved those thoughts down and away; they were unproductive and wholly unnecessary in his line of work. He was an army doctor, a Captain dammit, and if he couldn't keep his cool under fire than his entire company was fucked. Proper fucked.
“Actually,” John shuffled his feet, testing the strength of his hip after such a long day, “I was just about to phone you, that is, I was about to
“Yes well,” Wilkes continued, with continued disregard for John’s obvious discomfort, “I’m not much for the idea myself. Of course anyone can do what they want but, I like my Omega’s natural, just as they were born.”
“Are we sticking to the same plan?” The Beta asked, dextrously sidestepping another officer as they made their way around the large building.
John coughed, clearing his throat, though it didn’t seem to do him much good. His heart had plummeted and was now beating somewhere in the vicinity of his large bowel.
John sat and stared at the Alpha in abject distress, while Sherlock had already resumed his ubiquitous texting on his mobile, as if he hadn’t just gutted the blond right down the middle.
“Oh, I know I’m not supposed to but, I made sure to give you an extra dose of the good stuff while you were out. You were moaning a bit,” she smiled her small little smile (the Molly original, he deemed), excited. “Dreaming, I think, about…whalebones and sponge cake?” She looked quite amused at that, “I’ll go let everyone know you’re awake. Sherlock will be so annoyed since you woke on my watch. I’m sure he’ll claim I made you do it on
Her voice had an edge to it now, something too sweet and cheery to be sincere. Sherlock made some kind of noise, a noncommittal grunt or something, as if he would rather be doing anything else but nothing else came to mind. He found this attitude of laziness and noncompliance to be particularly maddening to those who sought to control him (Mycroft especially) – most of the time they had no idea what was
He then used a small one millilitre dropper to slowly settle one perfectly spherical droplet of each of the new solutions onto two separate slides. The Alpha studied each slide one its own, intensely muttering under his breath, before wrenching his hands through his hair and abruptly ripping the slides out from underneath the microscope clips and unceremoniously tossing each piece of thin glass away from him. John watched as they skittered across the table, the slip covers managing to keep the small amounts of liquid adhered to the glass.
She stifled a small smile, quickly redirecting her mind on to more important matters: John, abduction, dead body, right…no time to get side-tracked by the eminently handsome (though regrettably untouchable) apex Alpha beside her.
Regardless of what they wanted to do in this appointment, he would make it short. They could draw blood, sure, but then he was leaving. He might beg off, saying he’d had a reaction to the flu shot (not uncommon, or completely untrue), and the question of whether or not they believed him was entirely moot at this point.
, his country for some peace - his life for a good night’s rest and one damn day away from the Holmes’.
“Happens all the time, it’ll probably blow over in a few days. Just a small price to pay for immunity to the real thing, right?”
The young woman nodded in understanding. “We can’t always explain it either, every mind is different, but if you’ll please come with me, sir.” There was something forceful in her tone, as if she was a person used to getting her way, or used to being followed.
The list lay discarded, forgotten on the small side table adjacent to his chair while John leaned forward and silently regarded his detective.
As Colin entered the room, his image disappeared off one screen, only to appear immediately on another that covered the entirety of John’s well-kept and utilitarian room.
the voice continued; his hips crushed against John’s buttocks, his dexterous hand bringing John to his pleasure.
“Alright? Are you alright?” Sherlock’s hands were all over him at once, and John couldn’t handle his emotional, and hormonal, confusion any longer. He made to take a step forward, but his legs couldn’t handle the weight of his own body, and he stumbled. Sherlock’s firm but gentle grip stilled him, and he looked earnestly into John’s dazed eyes.
Sherlock swung his gaze round to Marcus’s family, standing by themselves, a small group of three that looked quite lost underneath a gently swaying willow. The woman dabbed at her eyes, her face blotchy and red. She cried throughout the entire service, and while Sherlock could understand (on a scientific level, of course) the depth of feeling a mother had for her son, he could not empathize. An older man wrapped his arm tight around the woman’s shoulders, slowly rubbing his cheek against her temple. He scented her sadly, offering solace both to her and himself, while a younger man gripped the woman’s free hand.
Two honks of a car horn sounded in the muffled and rainy night. The driver, the man who’d practically cracked open John’s skull with his fist, stepped out into the night. He carried a gun at his side, and his body strained with an overt kind of tension that made John realize he wasn’t afraid to use it.
“Indeed.” Sherlock stood quickly, creating a waft of air that fluttered about Jimmy’s limp fringe. John, took one more despairing look at the dead boy and carefully raised himself up as well, absently massaging his right hip a bit…he would feel the worst of that later tonight.
He began to struggle with all his might; he clenched his abdominal muscles and tried to kick away at the man clutching his ankles. Taser man managed to hold on for a few seconds, but with a cry and another fierce contraction, John’s right leg wrangled free and allowed the blond to deliver a vicious kick to the man’s face. The accompanying crunch and fount of hot, metallic blood was appropriately satisfying, but did nothing to stray John from his goal. With a sudden twist of his upper body, he was able to take advantage of the taller man’s surprise and wrench himself completely free.
The cycle continued, each person playing their part with understated efficacy. John was grateful for them all, and he even allowed a glimmer of hope to nestle deep inside his abdomen. Mr. Holmes might come through this after all.
The blonde glanced down at the folded square in his hand, moving it about in front of him in abject wonder. “Incredible.”
He pulled at the plastic contraption stuck to his face, and only then realized he face felt – odd.  He couldn’t quite pinpoint the sensation but, his face felt padded and full.
The machine dinged, and a rush of warmth tingled at the base of spine, slowly crawling up his back to wind itself around the sides and back of his head. It was such an odd feeling, like millions of gentle needles distracting him from the pain and pulling his eyelids shut with the soothing pads of soft fingers.
Funerals were always difficult, and John counted himself among the vast majority of people who’d rather do anything but sit in the church, surrounded by grieving family and friends. But this funeral was different, this wasn’t about simply saying goodbye to one man, this was about paying his respects to someone he’d loved, who loved him desperately in return and sacrificed his very life for John’s own welfare.
It didn’t help that the man was a Beta….well; he was a Beta with strong Alpha tendencies anyway. Major Sholto was literally one steroid hormone away from being a full-blown Alpha, and it showed. It was obvious in his posture, the set of his shoulders, and the tilt of his hips as he took his seat. This was a man in charge, and he knew it. John swallowed convulsively, taking in a breath before he decided to speak.
Mycroft Holmes sat across from his younger brother, one leg swung casually over another, the bottom of his trousers lifting ever so slightly to reveal the argyle pattern of his dress socks. Beside him, his ubiquitous umbrella rested upright against the plush, brocade arm of the chair. He rolled his eyes, gathering his hands in his lap before responding in an icy tone.
John heard this exchange as though he were floating under water. Their speech was muffled and distorted, and when he pulled his hand away from his temple it felt slippery and sticky. He licked his cracked lips and tasted blood. Jesus Christ that man had a fist like a wrecking ball.
“…Major Sholto’s the hardest ass you’ll find here in Afghanistan, mark my words. He’s the only one’s got the minerals to stand up to these bloody insurgents…”
“You can show yourself out. This isn’t over, not by a long shot.” Then, with a twist of his lip that signaled the end the conversation, he made his way out of the flat the same way the Omega had only moments ago.
Sherlock was on John in a flash (and certainly one so tall shouldn’t be able to move so quickly), seizing the shiny half-orange pellet and holding it up to his eyes closely. He smiled; a wild and child-like thing that transformed his handsome face, making him appear younger than his thirty odd years. The Alpha rolled it between his index finger and thumb, squeezing it gently every so often, taking in the pill from every conceivable angle.
“Well, y’ see, I jus’ started takin’ these new pills righ’? An’ they don’ make me feel so good.” The emaciated Omega, unformed like John, dug around in a filthy satchel and brought forth a silver stamped blister pack of pills. He placed it on the table with unsubtle prejudice, glaring at the bubble containers like it contained all the ills of this world. John furrowed his brow in curiosity, gently grasping the sheet, turning it over once to read the printed label.
He didn’t move though. Both arms were still latched onto the Omega, gripping his rapidly cooling form by the sides.
, and he knew this pain. He knew this pain like he knew how hard he clenched his hand when he tried not to give in to his anger, or like he knew the number of freckles on his sister’s face.
His smile quickly fell, however, as his eyes alighted upon an imposing middle-aged Alpha male, and not the object of his burgeoning desire.  The man took John in in one long uncomfortably assessing glare, moving his eyes up and down in an exaggerated motion. He looked disgustingly unimpressed.
His blood suddenly ran cold, his heart dropped dead into his stomach and he blanched noticeably. The young woman standing by the tape turned her weary gaze towards the blond and furrowed her brow in confusion.
Hopefully it was unguarded, and if he ran full force right now, he might be able to make it out onto the street where he had a much better chance of hiding and getting away. Well, that was it, it was the only plan he had, and he better make it good.
The paper shredder sat inconspicuously under her cheap pressed-wood desk, and she was glad she’d had the forethought to buy the expensive type that cut the paper into little dainty diamonds. It swiftly reduced the mounds of folders and records into delicate little bits, like snowflakes, that slowly drifted into the collection container. It’d take positively
). Most actually wondered who the strikingly handsome man was, and why he was talking to someone who was so obviously beneath him.
He didn’t know much about him, this Sherlock Holmes (ridiculous name, that), but he was supposed to be exceptional.
Sherlock sighed impatiently, grasping his hands behind his back in an effort to keep from touching the body himself. He pursed his lips, trying his very best to remain indulgent while Molly insisted on being overly poetic and emotional about the dead body in front of her.
zone, but that wasn’t the case here - nor would it ever be. Sherlock had never once in his life zoned (how dreadfully dull would
“I’ll tell Sarah, Marcus just…weirds me out.” Julia frowned, placing a warm hand over Brandy’s smaller one and squeezing it gently. Brandy only sighed, making a point not to roll her eyes.
There was more, there was so much more, all of the information rushing and crashing and beating against his senses. Deductions and conclusions zipped through his mind at dizzying speeds, monopolizing his concentration and keeping him blissfully unaware of Detective Lestrade trying desperately to get his attention –
“My name is Sally Donovan. I am a Master Guide employed by the Serenity Cottage and believe you to be in great danger. Your handler found you unresponsive in your room just a few moments ago. Please, take my hand and I will help you escape this construct if I can.”
“This exact paper was found in the pocket of the last victim, one George Hargrove. Don’t you think it a bit suspicious? A mutilated corpse who participated in a less than public and very much under the radar medical study?”  His index finger pointed at another bit of printing on the flier, making the whole paper wobble about in John’s grip. “You see what it says there? It’s a study on fertility that’s asking for Omegas. I’m sure you can draw your own conclusions.”
Throughout all this John actually said nothing, only wiping his face whilst his tears faded to blood-shot eyes and pathetic hiccups.
Sherlock fell silent and regarded Lestrade with a look that was both pleading and meaningful. John wasn’t sure what was silently communicated between the two men, but he now knew what he had to do.
He sighed loudly, just as the door to the room squeaked open once again. Dr Wilkes strode inside, greasy smile plastered all over his homely face. John steeled himself internally, calling on his experience in the battlefield to keep a stiff upper lip.
