to take care of you.”
enjoy watching.”
Dean’s hand on his cock, and in his hair. Dean’s lips against his, Dean sucking on his bottom lip. Dean’s teeth grazing over his jaw and latching on his neck.
Balthazar frowned, “Yes, well, you might be partially to blame, but I don’t like seeing you hurt.”
Every smirk from Cas that sent blood rushing to Dean's face—a faint hint of arousal on him that Cas could just barely scent—was like another hit, enough to soothe his appetite.
Cas’s palm smoothed over the curve of Dean’s ass and then pressed him down and forward. “Lie on me. I want to feel what it does to you.” He guided Dean so that his hard cock was trapped against Cas’s thigh, Cas’s pressed against his side. Dean crossed his arms on the armrest, bracing.
He picked up a soft faux fur teal throw from the end table on the far side of the couch, and draped it over Dean. Sweetly, Cas bent forward and kissed his forehead. “You did so good, Dean. Such a good boy for me. I'm proud of you, baby. Did exactly what I asked you to.”
Pink satin panties with lace edging the legs, and a cute little bow in the front were laid out on Cas's bed. He flushed, but it was checked off on the list and he wanted to try it. Dean's fingertips brushed over the smooth material and just imagining how it was gonna feel against his dick made his jeans snugger. A rush of embarrassment heightened his arousal and a prickling heat crept down his chest.
“Yeah, you?”
“Like what?” Cas asked, fake innocence in his voice. “That I find you attractive? That you're good looking?”
Cas hummed. His voice was huskier than usual when he spoke. “It’s been a while since I slept for so long or so comfortably. Thank you.”
Cas smooths his thumb over the glass, and he stares at it for long enough that Dean starts getting nervous. What if he hates it?
Laughing, Dean drops his head to Cas’s shoulder, hugging him a little tighter. “Maybe,” he mumbles.
“You know, you don't gotta baby me,” Dean told him when Cas found his last pair of pajama pants in his duffel and held them out for Dean to step into.
"I—? I'm fine, man. Just lost in thought for a few minutes. I'll get back to work."
“Well,” Cas said, word dragged out and filthy sounding, “since you asked so nicely. We’ll start with my hand, get you all pink and warmed up and then we’ll move on to the paddle. Have you done this before?”
Dark wild hair, inquisitive blue eyes, and a slight frown on his wide pink lips that Dean wants desperately to kiss away. Stubble for goddamn days and a toned body that’s obvious even under the black suit and grey button down he’s wearing.
Don't forget to check out my other works
“Dean you
He hadn't even gotten angry, though he wasn't sure if that was a testament to his own control or their total fear of him. Either way, Sam'd said they'd backed off and that was the point of it all, so Dean felt better nowadays when he dropped Sam off. He didn't feel like he had to worry about him as much.
“Cas, did you just offer me takeout and Tremors and sex in the same night? I might be in love with you. Add in Carnosaur and I’ll be forced to marry you.”
It was his fault, anyway. Although he hadn't meant to spook Dean like that, Dean's reaction heated something up in Cas's veins that he recognized as hunger. This hunger was different than anything he'd felt before, but was categorically similar enough that he understood he wanted Dean. Whether or not he'd actually give into that temptation, whether Dean would, well, that remained to be seen.
He’s sitting on the couch in the living room, absently watching TV in sweats and a t-shirt before bed. Castiel’d slipped away ten minutes ago to shower, and it isn’t a surprise to Dean at all when he comes out in just a towel, his hair still dripping rivulets of water that slide down his bare chest, over his flat abdomen, the cut of his hips, and collect in the white terrycloth slung low around him.
The chamber pot was enchanted, like the rest in the village, to dispose of waste with a hand waved over the sigil on the wall above it, and the tub to his left filled with heated water transported from the hot spring caves through another enchanted sigil.
“Mmm. You like hearing that, don’t you?” There was a note of unchecked admiration in his voice. He cupped Dean’s cheek and brushed his thumb over his cheekbone. Dean’s eyes fluttered open, hazy, glossy, green. Sexy. “Can’t wait to spread you out on your bed, Dean. Taste you. Bet you taste every bit as fucking good as you smell. Been driving me crazy.”
Slowly, Cas’s hands slid up Dean’s bare thighs, his fingertips brushing over the lace, sliding slowly up to frame Dean’s cock. “You look so pretty, baby. Can’t wait to get my mouth on you. Think pink’s your color, Dean. Goes with the cute way you blush so sweetly for me.”
What that meant was that if Dean wasn't extremely careful he could hurt someone by accident, especially since Dean appeared to be a fire elemental. Fire was dangerous, Dean knew that. The guilt over costing them the only home he'd ever known had burned hot in his stomach.
After he’d laid out his clothes on the bed, he grabbed his towel along with his travel kit and headed back into the bathroom. He hung up his towel on the door, set his travel kit on the counter next to the sink. Methodically, and half on autopilot, he got out his shampoo and body wash, stuck them on the shelf in the shower.
"Sure you don't want some help with that? I'm a helpful guy, wouldn't mind."
talking about the same Cas Novak right?”
Sam looked mutinous for a drawn out moment and then he sighed. “All right, fine. But you better not be lying this time, Dean, or I swear the next time you need a potion from me, I'm gonna make sure it turns your eyebrows pink.”
, he's so close. Cas isn't sure which of them moves first, but one second they're staring at each other and Cas's heart is beating out of control and the next Dean's lips are pressed to his, soft, clinging.
Later on, just before closing, he brought up what he wanted Balthazar to do for him. Unsurprisingly, Balthazar was concerned.
He yanked his shirt over his head, flipped onto his back and peeled off pants that were far too-tight.
“Get in the backseat,
And Dean couldn’t help but shoot him a sheepish smirk. “So…?”
Dean bit down on a grin. He was pretty damn sure from that little display Cas was not only into dudes, but into him in particular. And though he had absolutely no intention of endangering his job with anything more than a little flirting, this summer was already looking a whole lot more fun. “Thanks, Cas. You’re right. I’m
Her head tilted, horns glimmering with reflected light. She ruffled her wings, and stared impatiently at him. Dragons were smarter than most animals, able to think and reason to some degree though they lacked the ability to respond verbally. Most were on par with a clever child’s intelligence, though Dean was fairly certain Baby was much more advanced than that. He often spoke to her as he would any human, and he got the feeling she understood most of it.
lots of love for her art. She knocked it out of the park again even though she's feeling really under the weather. <3
“Dean!” Sam called, crashing through the branches behind him, causing Dean to spin around and look for him, one hand grabbing onto Cas's shoulder to keep it from getting away. “Holy shit, you did it!”
“Who? Cas? Yeah, he’s out back in the crafting room.” She took a deep breath and yelled, “Hey! Cas! I need you out here.”
toys, costumes possibly lingerie or maybe sexy role playing stuff, custom leather—Dean's brain stuttered and his dick chubbed up a little even as utter fucking embarrassment at his apparent stupidity curled up in his gut and set fire to his cheeks. He dropped his face into his hands, “Son of a bitch. I'm so fucking dumb.”
Right now, he focused on gathering up a hunting party and weapons. They learned early on that if they waited for the creatures to attack it was always worse. Some of them were capable of strategizing to a limited degree, enough that it could make trouble if they got in close.
“Do you know what we sell here, Dean?” she asked curiously. “I’m Charlie, by the way.”
Wetness seeped into the front of Cas's pants and he groaned, sucking on Dean's skin hard as euphoria stole his breath, waves of heat shattering outward as he came in violent spurts that dampened his underwear.
Dean’s head drops back to the pillow and he watches as two of his fingers sink into Castiel, the skin stretching tight around him, clinging as he plunges them in and out. Twisting, curling until.…
“Love you,” Cas grunted as he sped his thrusts, building them up again, faster and faster. Like he knew just what Dean needed.
Dean couldn’t help it, he laughed. “Yeah, well, shouldn’t’ve let your big mouth get ahead of your gangly little body.”
Dean kissed him harder, kissed him breathless. Heat gathered at the base of Cas’s spine, a tight-hot coil that wound tighter and tighter. He was so—Dean was so—his heart thundered wildly. God, this was
The next two nights followed the same pattern; Dean had trouble sleeping and wandered into the woods to wear himself out. Both nights he caught glimpses of the pegasus. He wondered if it was letting him see it, ’cause he hadn't heard anyone else in the village talking about a mysterious pegasus wandering in the woods.
“I love you too,” Cas says, tone warm and sweet, and Dean’s chest warms. God, he hopes Cas says it a lot more often, because he damn well loves hearing it.
Gently, Cas withdrew his fingers and Dean sucked in a breath through his teeth. A few seconds of rustling later, there was the telltale crinkle of a condom wrapper, and then then Cas’s hand ran through the slick on Dean's thigh. The unmistakable wet sound of jerking off followed and Dean moaned Cas's name.
“I'll field that question.” Came a vaguely familiar accented voice. “First…” Fingers snapped and with a rustle, Dean was suddenly dressed. He looked down at the the pair of blue jeans and the grey Henley he was wearing. Huh. Neat trick, but he still bristled. “You're welcome.”
“Dean, that’s—”
Impassively, Dean stares past her at Castiel’s smirking stupid shiny pink lips. He shoves down his anger and smirks at him too as the girl looks back and forth between them.
As much as Dean wanted to believe that, it was crap. “Yeah, and if it’d been with someone normal instead of a freak like me, you never woulda gotten hurt. So.…” Dean shrugged, avoiding Cas’s eyes, too-intent on his face.
They wound up ordering Chinese food and they stuffed themselves before curling up on the couch together. Cas stretched out on his back, Dean laying on top of him, head tucked beneath Cas's chin as they watched crap TV. It felt nice, the way Cas held him. The rumble of Cas's occasional laughter beneath Dean's ear.
“You’re thinking too much,” Castiel tells him in this whisper of a voice that’s way, way too sexy. “Just touch me.”
Shit. Dean needs to get himself under control. This reaction is totally unacceptable. Doesn’t matter how hot the guy is, how good he smells, Dean cannot launch himself across the desk right now. He’s Castiel’s
Whatever Castiel had seen on Dean’s face that morning seemed to unlock flood gates. Where before Dean’d watched with feigned disinterest as Castiel flirted and fucked his way through life, now Castiel appears to be focusing his not inconsiderable efforts on Dean. And Dean’s trying, okay? Just like he has been for the last two weeks since all this started, he’s trying to maintain his professional persona. He’s trying to pretend that Castiel’s faux innocence and his teasing words, his hot glances and the way he keeps ‘accidentally’ brushing up against Dean where he hadn’t before, isn’t getting to him.
“Please, Cas. Fuck, please?” Dean begged, voice raw with want.
“There's… um. A lot of blood on you.”
“Not bad,” Dean replied. “Got my room all packed. Yours is up next. Anything in particular you want saved that you didn’t grab already?”
Cas puts out his smoke in the ashtray on the table next to the chair before he answers. Sets the remote down beside it. “Good. Clothes off.”
“Sure, Mom,” he replied almost like he actually believed it. She knew as well as he did though, that there was a damn good reason he didn't have any friends.
A rush of fondness for Cas did a good job of covering up the nervousness in his scent. Cas glanced up from reading, his finger marking the page, and he smiled softly at Dean. “Hi.”
The monsters were overrunning them. Cas could only reload so fast, and then Dean was hauling him up by the back of his shirt and shoving him toward the house. “Go, go, go, go, go!”
to do anything about it. There was no rule that said he had to.
Dean’s agreement seemed to unlock some tension in Cas’s posture. He walked over to the couch opposite the one Dean occupied, deft fingers unknotting his tie as he sank down onto the brown leather. Behind him the wall to ceiling windows that faced the garden spilled light into the room, framing Cas in a glow that made this whole situation seem like a dream.
“What was that for?” Dean asked, voice a little rough and a lot hot.
Anyway, I hope you enjoy and please make sure to give
“The—Cas, the breathing thing I’m doing. I was meditating.”
Dean bit his lip as Cas ripped into the paper and pulled the contents out. The card inside was red, an image of a dark blue tie—just like the one Cas’d been wearing the night they met and absolutely the reason Dean’d picked this one out—dangling from one corner. In flowing script next to the tie, the card read, ‘Dear Dad, I did not get you this tie. You’re welcome.’
“I… maybe… sort of saw that book cover on your laptop a, uh, a few weeks ago. And I thought that might, y’know, get your motor running.” Cas raised one unsurprised brow and Dean swallowed hard. “And… speaking of motors running, I gotta admit I took a look at your books.”
Sometimes he's still a mess, even now. Sometimes he overreacts to things, or he gets clingy, or jealous for no reason. His stomach clenches a little as he thinks about the fights they've had.
“So, you wanna talk about it?” Sam asked as soon as Dean pulled out of the driveway.
I owe so many people thanks for this fic, starting with
Dean’s eyes snapped back to Cas’s when his voice went low and hot, “I could do that, but first,” he brushed his thumb across Dean's bottom lip as he cupped his face, leaned in and pressed his mouth to Dean’s in an easy kiss. Just a flick of his tongue and then he pulled back, “I’ve been dying to do that since you walked in.”
Heaving himself off the couch, Cas sauntered over to the doors and stepped out into the muggy afternoon air. His nose instantly scrunched up, body already missing the sweet coolness of his A/C. The squeak of the doors opening caught Dean's attention and he peered over at Cas, brows drawing up in question. Stepping out into the grass just to enjoy the blades tickling his bare feet, Cas frowned. They were far too hot too, curse it.
Cas raised a challenging eyebrow. “So slowly take off your underwear, then.”
He couldn't see Cas's eyes well enough to tell what he was thinking, but the way his breaths went shallow told Dean enough. It didn't take that long for Cas to let out a little growl and push up, hands diving into Dean's hair as their mouths met in a demanding kiss. He pressed his tongue inside, expertly flicking, swirling. He sucked and bit at Dean's lips, holding him there with hands on the back of his head. From the second they'd walked in the door, Dean was hard but his cock swelled farther against the zipper of his jeans when Cas slid one palm down, grabbed his ass and pulled him into a grind.
“No.” He grabbed the hem of his borrowed t-shirt and pulled it off inside out. It hit the floor in front of him and he stepped over it. “Your turn.”
Was there any way he
Another finger pushes in, and Dean's gonna lose it, he's never gonna make it. His gut clenches against it, body going taut. He can't even get out the words this time, can't even beg for Cas to stop and let him catch his breath so he doesn't come. Just when he's sure he can't take it, Cas withdraws his fingers.
Okay, so it was wrong, but since when did Dean follow rules to the letter… or make great decisions in general…
When alphas get angry it’s natural, competitiveness, an edge. When an omega gets angry, they’re unbalanced, can’t control their feelings. Fucking frustrating is what that whole line of thinking is, but Castiel can’t change the way people think. All he can do is try to prove them wrong.
Dean drops his messenger bag on the desk and looks around, already planning out the things he’ll add to make it feel less clinical and more him. The photo his mom’d taken of him, Sam, and their dad at Sam’s graduation. One of Sam and his mate, Jess, at the official celebration of their mating, both dressed up and grinning adorably, sporting matching bite marks on their necks.
Before Cas could answer, Dean strolled leisurely up to the grey steel door on the front of the rundown-looking warehouse. Cas was right on his heels when he pushed the door open and walked in.
Pulling back as the elevator pings and the doors woosh open, Castiel smirks, challenge in his eyes and his voice, “Gonna follow my instructions?”
Yeah, maybe Dean was a little bitter. A lot bitter, whatever. He stood in the room with Sam, and glanced around as they waited for the few friends they had left in Lawrence to filter in. In the corner there was a bronze urn that Dean was trying real hard not to actively think of as Dad. Seemed a bit morbid.
Things were still tense sometimes, so much left unspoken between them, but if they had any hope of getting better Dean couldn't lie to him. Sam still knew him well enough to read Dean's tells, minimal as they were.
His hips rocked back into Cas’s touch. “Cas, please. God, please, sir.”
“Oh,” Dean said, miserably, tugging at Cas's heart.
Dean’s smile was bright, “Really? You don't mind?”
“Mmm.” Cas hums, and Dean feels the rumble of it against his back. “We should get cleaned up.”
“Cas, Cas, God, fuck, Cas,” Dean gasped, his whole body fevered and sensitive.
Right. Dean blinked and focused. “Yeah?”
intended. He's still doing his job perfectly well, because he’s a professional and he
peace. It'd been that way for the last several months.
Dean's smile at her appeared involuntary, like it surprised him. They sat down and somehow Charlie and Dean started talking about Star Wars so Cas zoned out. He picked half-heartedly at the bag of Doritos he'd brought for lunch, not really hungry for food. At least it served as a very mild distraction from his more carnal hunger.
“I think it's clear.”
“If we’re going to do this,” Cas pulled one of Dean’s hands into his lap, repeating the same soothing stroke of his thumb over the inside of Dean’s wrist as earlier, “I’d like to spend the night. Sometimes the aftermath of BDSM play can be,” his head tilted to the side, “unpleasant. It’s important to me that I be here to make sure you’re okay. Especially at first.”
Physically, Cas felt better than he had in a long time. He wasn’t so exhausted that it hurt just to blink for starters. His brain had finally lost that fuzzy layer that’d muffled his thoughts, made them slow. The problem with that was now that he had his full cognitive abilities back he fully appreciated just how much he’d screwed up with Dean. He’d let his hunger get to the point where he hadn’t been fully in control of himself and now Dean thought that it was his fault he’d lost control. The truth was that the only one to blame for what’d happened was Cas.
Cas’s fingertips nudged him, and Dean lifted his arms up to let Cas drag his shirt over his head. Seconds later he discarded it on the floor, his hands back on Dean’s bare skin, instantly demanding his attention as one slid down his chest, the other to the small of his back. Lower and lower, the hand on his front drifted past his belt, found the hard outline of his cock beneath his soft jeans. Cas teasingly squeezed him through the material and Dean’s hips rolled into it, desperate for friction.
“That nerdy little rebel.” There was a note of pride in Dean's voice that wasn't entirely purposeful—he'd always been secretly impressed by how curious Sam was about everything.
Unhurried, he massaged it into his hair and let its tingly cooling sensation distract him a little. Maybe his eyes stung a bit, but he tried desperately to ignore that along with the lump in his throat. He rinsed his hair out and washed up with the same brand of old spice body wash he’d been using since the first time he’d needed to buy his own.
Cas swallowed hard.
The rest of the gathering passed easier after that. A few of their old friends showed up and Sam and Cas had migrated over to one corner with a group of their high school buddies while Dean mingled with people here and there.
The slap of Cas’s palm on Dean’s ass snapped loud in the quiet of the room. The quick sting of it rapidly faded to warmth, a jolt of pleasure that made him gasp. Cas’s palm fell again, this time on the other cheek. Ten more light stinging smacks of his hand scattered over his ass before Dean lost track and just let himself melt into every little jolt. A thrum of warmth that spread across his asscheeks, his face. Leaking so much slick that he felt it on this thighs. His cock was engorged, desperate for touch. Fuck, he loved that feeling.
His eyes fluttered open when he was met with silence and he found Charlie staring at him wide-eyed, lips parted. For a second he wondered if she'd had some sort of a stroke but then her lips split into a huge grin.
He's read about this, but he never believed—true mates scenting each other and knowing instantly—it’s indescribable and this feels like so much more than that paltry description. His body moves on autopilot, instinct guiding him forward through the crowd and when he squeezes past the last person blocking his view, his eyes widen in shock.
Long minutes later, still floating, he struggles to finally pry his eyes open, basking in the warmth of his afterglow. The white ceiling has a crack in the paint that Dean vaguely notices as his breaths even out, limbs heavy and warm, satisfied like he hasn't been lately.
Dean’s lips tugged up in a smirk that drew Cas's gaze, “Dude, I kissed you. I should be apologizing.”
Dean bit his lip on a smirk as he slipped his hand all the way into Cas's underwear, curling his fingers around the hard length of him, silky skin blood-hot. He couldn't get over the feel of it, similar and yet so different to the feel of his own.
“Yeah,” Dean said, soft, breathy. “That sounds—yes please, sir.”
Sam, now close enough for Dean to see him clearly in the rope's glow, rolled his eyes. “I lied because
“Yeah.”
Steam rises from Cas's freshly made coffee, floating up in a swirling white mist. Leaning back against the kitchen counter, he stares out the French doors that lead to the back of the house. It's still dark out, he can't see further than the flood light illuminating the back porch, but he knows just what it'll look like when the sun comes up.
And that—that’s a damn tempting thought. No matter what Cas says, Dean's firmly aware that he's the lucky one.
He was still coming, little twitches of his hips, draped over Dean's back, when he wrapped his hand around Dean's cock and told him, “Come for me, Dean. C’mon, baby, fuck my hand and come.”
This time when the creature disappeared, Dean saw it for what it was—it didn't take off between one blink and the next. It simply vanished. A coil of dread wound through Dean's gut. He needed to talk to Sam first thing in the morning.
And for the first time when Dean really thought about the future, he didn't see some blank, dark, nothing. He had hope. He had Cas. And that? That was a pretty damn good start.
Just like earlier, Crowley took his leave by way of a whirl of demon smoke, leaving them standing in the rubble.
Kid was an air elemental like Mom, though so far Sam couldn't do much more than summon a gentle breeze. Some of the kids at his school had been picking on him lately for it, but Dean had taken care of that pretty easily. Nothing like showing up to get Sam and letting it slip that anyone who messed with his little brother was taking their life into their own hands to scare kids four years younger than him into fucking off.
Cas reluctantly smiled, still scanning for any other sign of monsters. Something in the kid's voice or his expression reminded Cas of—he cut that line of thinking off. “Crossbows can take down a lot if you've got the right kind, and they're less noisy than guns. Less worry that it's monster friends will come running to see what's for supper. What are you doing out here by yourself?” Cas evaluated the kid. He was a little gangly, but looked healthy and well fed. Sixteen at most. Someone had to be taking care of him.
I'm kinda dead, a very kind person in the comments brought this song to my attention, and it's insanely perfect for this chapter, and honestly the whole fic. I cried listening to it, and you should totally also listen to it and cry:
“No we don't,” Cas deadpanned, just to be difficult. Charlie flipped him the bird, but otherwise ignored him.
Though Dean doesn’t like the vicious smarmy smell Mr. Adler gives off when he’s informing him about the guy and makes sure to add that he’s an omega. Like that matters to Dean at all. Long as this Castiel knows what he’s doing—and he’s gotta to’ve made it this far—then, Dean could give less of a shit what his secondary gender is.
He mentally shook himself out of it and started walking up the drive, “Kinda wishin’ we’d brought extra help. Benny and Victor offered to fly out, but I … uh,” Dean’s thoughts took a second to form into words. “I didn’t want ‘em to have to deal with this.”
Which really sucks, ‘cause when Castiel
This fic is another one that started life as a oneshot. Then along came these pictures
“Dean—”
The cloudy expression on Cas’s face lightens, his lips curving into a small smile that Dean feels all the way to the tips of his toes. “Has anyone ever told you how smooth you can be?”
They wound up in Dean's room, laying in his bed, under the covers in just their boxers. The steady thumping of Dean's heartbeat under his ear, the heavy warmth of Dean's arms around him, breathed relief into Cas's lungs. Fear still clung to the edges of his mind, so he pressed in closer and held on to Dean tighter.
Apparently satisfied with Dean's answer, Cas held out the papers he had in his hands, “They're pamphlets. They go over different aspects, some are about safety and some are about specific kinks. There's a checklist in there as well. Before I arrive, I want you to read them. Fill out the checklist. If there's anything you don't understand you can text me or just put a question mark next to it. I'll go over the list when I get there.”
This was definitely a lot more fetish-y than he'd figured it’d be. Huh.
“That wasn't my intention, no. But I'll gladly reap the rewards.”
Heat surged in Dean’s gut, his voice was a little rough when he replied, “Okay. Yeah, you can look.”
pissed. If whatever Sam magicked up didn’t work? Dean was probably toast.
“Ya don’t say.” Dean gave him another one of those once overs, like the one he’d given him at the library that made Cas go hot all over—and had much the same effect now. “I bet you’re better at one on one.”
Not once he’d gotten a taste of him… and fuck, what a taste. Sweet, pliant, and wholehearted, Dean’s inhibitions had been nonexistent in that moment and Cas could just imagine what he'd have been like if he’d really let loose. He could picture what Dean’d look like stretched out on Cas’s bed—his to do what he wanted with—how delicious it would be when Dean gave it all up for him. Like apple pie innocence and the salt-sweat taste of endless stretches of skin he hoped would be every bit as freckled as Dean's face.
He's sitting in the library with a cup of coffee that he doesn't need to drink, but the smell reminds him of Dean and it is morning. He's staring at the dark brown liquid and willing a lead to come up when loud banging starts up on the bunker's repaired door. His heart races, and his adrenaline spikes. Rushing out to see who it is, he lets his angel blade fall into his palm. Behind him, he can distantly hear Sam and Jack running out to see what's happening.
“Don’t you need to be here? For morale, as you said?”
into it.
Eventually everything had been thoroughly scrubbed, his laundry done, folded and put away, and his apartment looked almost respectable. When Meg dropped by to pick Charlie up, she’d been shocked. Her exact words had been, “Holy shit, Clarence. I guess you’re really into Dean, ‘cause I didn’t even know your kitchen floor was white.”
It’s wet, and it’s messy, and Castiel makes it so fucking good, that Dean’s a wreck in no time. Suction and pressure and the smooth glide of those dark pink lips. Castiel’s vibrant blue eyes blazing up at him, and then they close in concentration as he speeds up. Feels so fucking good that Dean’s hips twitch with restraint and he wants to fuck up into all that wet soft heat, but he holds back. Castiel will get him there.
Sitting on his living room couch, Cas had his laptop open in front of him, the cover his publisher had sent over, the one he'd been so excited to open forgotten as he stared out the patio doors, or more accurately at what was beyond them. What was the allure of a male cover model clad only in lacy black panties when the landscaper Cas had been subtly lusting after for weeks was puttering around his garden.
I'm probably never gonna stop squeeing about the awesome art that
Sam's face distorted in a quick grimace before he ducked down and shovelled his own cereal into his mouth instead of answering. The Winchester method of coping with disturbing facts #1.
With his mouth still full, Dean’s eyebrows raised expectantly. “Wha’?”
Cas chuckles when it becomes clear just where Dean's taking him. “The water tower?”
Plus, it looked as if Cas knew that just like Dean did. Had he even looked at Dean twice when he’d found out? Dean wracked his brain to think of even a single time that Cas's bright blue eyes had been focused on him and he came up with squat. Why’d he even care, anyway?
control myself.”
Cas fought hard not to stare, but he couldn’t help it. A steady stream of filthy images and fantasies played out in his head, and at the very least, this would make excellent fodder for his next book. Imagine what his characters could get up to with those knee pads. A voice in the back of his mind whispered,
Castiel perks up at that. After nailing the Crowley pitch last week, he’d been told he was a shoe in. Hope wells up in his chest, he’s worked so hard for this. He’s put his life outside of work on hold for years—no dating, barely any friendships, vacations spent working anyway—all of it to prove that despite the fact that he’d presented as an omega, he was better qualified than so many alphas for advancement. He
There was a little smile on Cas’s face. “You always have been.”
“You're awfully demanding for someone who wants me to do something nice for them. Maybe you could ask more politely.”
“Yeah. Morning,” he mumbled much less cheerfully as he poured Lucky Charms into the bowl in front of him, sparing a glance over at Dad, who was at least pretending to read the paper like it was any other day.
“Cas, fuck,” he groans into his mouth, and Castiel’s head falls back on a desperate gasp as his hips arc in a wild figure eight. Sexy and gorgeous, and by the looks of his stiffening body, so fucking close.
“It's what I'm into,” Cas admitted easily, “but if it's not what
“What the—” Sam breathed, and Cas’s gaze followed Sam’s over to a pile of ashes that were glowing faintly bue. Whatever Sam finished his sentence with was inaudible over the blood pulsing in Cas's ears because that tug in his gut suddenly gave a hard yank and he stumbled forward involuntarily.
Morning sunlight through the sheer yellowed curtains of his bedroom window woke Dean. He inhaled through his nose and pressed his face further into the pillow that his cheek was smushed against. Cas’s spicy scent still clung to the pillowcase. To the room. Their lingering scents enticingly meshed in a way that made Dean push his hips down into the mattress and rut lazily. His lips tugged down when he realized that if he hadn’t sent Cas home last night, he probably could’ve been mid-round-two right about then.
“Ask me,” Cas demanded huskily before he could stop himself. Pushing his luck, he worried for a millisecond.
A full fifty percent of his blood surges south in a fierce rush of arousal, and he quickly shuts the door again. Fuck, fuck, fuck. His blazer’s done up at least, enough coverage that no one’s gonna notice the giant goddamn boner he’s now sporting. Screw Castiel. He did that on purpose.
“Dean,” his voice comes out hitched and breathy and it's almost as dirty as the way he presses back against the swell of Dean's cock, hot enough that Dean hates pulling away.
Cas chews on his lip, still looking torn and Dean wishes that Cas could just read his mind and see for himself the strength of his conviction. “I just don't want you missing out on anything at school. What if you end up resenting me?”
It was weird—how Dean could feel so bone deep numb and so absolutely fractured at the same time. His eyes were wet by the time he read those last words, throat aching and mouth a tight line. Sam’s face was wet as Dean poured them each another couple fingers of whisky. He wasn’t in any shape to deal with the writhing mass of regret and pain that was scratching away at him just under the surface of his denial.
“Cas, please. God, fuck me, please, sir.”
“What?” Dean asked, glancing over and meeting Cas's eyes, a faint pink stain of a blush on his cheeks. Cas raised an eyebrow, and Dean rolled his eyes. “You keep staring, dude. Did I get something on my face?”
he reasoned with himself.
Stunned, Dean stood there gaping. Spotting a pegasus was rare in Laurellia. He'd never heard of one this far north. Hell, he'd never even
There was a shout of pain, and Cas saw Benny shoot a creature that had gotten too close, red gashes left bleeding along his side. He fell to the ground. Dean and Jo closed ranks around him, protecting him.
If you want to come check out what I've been up to, swing by my Twitter account
Dean's voice broke as he spoke just loud enough for Cas to hear him over the roar of flames licking along his skin. “Cas, you can't help me. You gotta get Sammy! You get him and you
To Castiel, he’d just be some random guy coming at him.
long enough for me to speak, we’d all have the answers, wouldn’t we?” Crowley stared at them, then continued. “It happened well before you were ever born. I'll make this short so that you can follow along: Lilith was trying to capture the only remaining phoenix, he escaped, happened across a newly pregnant Mother Mary and ta-da, a baby phoenix was brought into being.”
Dean closed his locker, jacket in hand and leaned back against it, a little entertained smile on his face. “Spit it out, Cas.”
Considering, Dean pushed out his lips and looked around again, “It's nice for a nerdy role play store, but where are like, the action figures and board games and stuff?” Cas’s white teeth dug into his bottom lip on a smile, corners of his lips and his shoulders twitching with repressed laughter. Dean faltered, “Plus the … uh, the sign said costumes and custom—”
His fingertips brush foil and he grins. It takes him a few seconds of slippery struggling to tear it open, but then he slicks himself up with a few pumps of his fist, letting out a groan, staring at Cas in the dark, and then he shifts forward on his knees a little.
“Okay,” Dean said slowly, processing. “So how am I gonna know if it's working?”
He must've sufficiently conveyed his honesty, Sam finally relaxed a little. “Okay. But if we find Dean could we maybe leave out the part about me running for my life and losing my weapon?”
“Oh. Just lemme wash my hands,” Dean said, pleased. A thorough hand wash later, Dean reached out and took the offered bottle. “Thanks.”
When Cas turns around again, Dean's breath catches in his throat. Being the focus of Cas's gaze when he's like this is a whole body experience, it sends a trickle of warmth from the base of his skull down and out to his extremities. Jesus, he wants Cas.
Dean took off his boots in the entryway, and as soon as he stood back up, Cas helped him peel his jacket off. Left in his socked feet, jeans and a plain black t-shirt, Dean waited to see what Cas wanted him to do. He watched Cas's gaze drop to the cuff on his wrist. His eyes went hungry, predatory, and he ran his fingers possessively over the leather. Dean shivered, anticipation a slow rolling flame in his gut. He was already so goddamn addicted to this.
So fucking hot. Cas trembled with barely restrained passion. He lapped, and then pressed his tongue inside as deeply as he could. Dean was soaking wet, so ready for him that his slick was leaking down Cas's chin. With a parting kiss to the fluttering pink of Dean’s rim, Cas easily slid two fingers into him. There was barely any resistance and Dean moaned his satisfaction out.
always blows me away with her art, but oh my gosh. Make sure you give her some love in the comments or over on her tumblr. <3
Dean's so hard that he's aching, leaking precome in a steady drip, and still those words make his dick fill out just a little more. He lets out a breathless whimper, clamping down on the need to flex his hips.
He bites his lip, remembering the disbelief, surprise, and joy on Cas’s face when Dean’d brought him here the first time, finally home from university for good.
Dean steps closer, his hands move to rest on Cas's waist and Cas finds his own mirroring Dean's, fingers digging into Dean's skin through his shirt, checking. “I heard you. All of you.”
“I can explain,” he said quickly, and her eyebrows rose in challenge. “He's… Dean's sort of… fragile in a way. He's so strong, don't get me wrong. He's amazing, but he's got a lot of issues with self-worth and I can tell he's still afraid of hurting me.”
The way Dean smiled at him then, green eyes bright, filtered in to fill up his body like a slow spreading warmth. “I’d be more uncomfortable if it was. We’re not exactly rich either, Cas.”
There was only one creature Dean knew of that had them:
In slow motion he reached his weathered hands up, softly cupped her cheeks and offered her a smile that bordered on sad. Her heart ached with the emotion in his eyes and he hadn’t spoken a word to her, but something about him felt timeless and so much older than the body she saw in front of her.
Okay, so Dean was maybe holding a grudge over the teasing, but they knew how focused he needed to be. Emotionally charged situations could have negative effects on him and that included getting pissed off. Teenage hormones seemed to make it an uphill battle for him most days as far as finding his center went. He didn't need them making it worse.
“Yeah, okay, no,” Sam said, they both knew Cas Novak and shy didn't belong in the same paragraph let alone the same sentence. “But there's probably lots of reasons.”
Any control Dean might’ve regained over himself is lost in a rush of electrified pleasure as Castiel presses himself closer and seals their mouths. He sucks on Dean’s bottom lip hard enough to pull it forward and make way for his tongue to slip slickly into Dean’s mouth. Before he really register’s what he’s doing, Dean’s hands are smoothing over the bare, smooth skin of Castiel’s back, mapping the muscles beneath as he kisses Castiel back like he’ll never get enough of this.
A cute little furrow appeared in Cas’s forehead before his jaw went slack and his eyes widened. He looked winded. Then the biggest smile broke out on his face, and Dean couldn’t contain the laugh that bubbled up in his chest.
"Oh my God, Dean,” Jo groans, slumping against the fence beside him. “Just quit mooning, put us all out of your misery, and go the hell home already.”
Cas interrupted, speaking for the first time, his voice a low growl, springing goosebumps up along Dean's skin, “is a seren of Desrix. Your word for us is ridiculous nonsense.”
“Dude, I know, okay? But there's only so much suffering I can watch you face before I snap. And I like Dean, who
The smile Ellen gave him was watery, “He made a lot of mistakes, Dean. Stuff he said to you … that kinda stuff sticks with you and festers. I hope you know you're a real good kid. Always were.”
The ghost scent of dishwashing liquid and floor cleaner floated to the surface of Dean’s memory. The sound of their broken vacuum cleaner that barely picked up anything, but Dean always made an effort anyway.
Man, Castiel's breakdown was difficult to write. T.T I hurt my own feelings. Next chapter is hopefully where I start putting them back together, because ouch.
Pleasure jolts through him swift and fierce when Cas angles his hips just right, and oh fuck, he loves it. He just—he—
Reassuringly, Cas laced their fingers together and pulled Dean onto his lap, then kissed him filthy and carnal, cranking Dean’s arousal even higher with just the skilled press of his lips, his tongue, and soft nips of his teeth. Normally Dean would’ve rested his arms on his lover's shoulders, would’ve been pushing and grinding, seeking more, but right now he let himself focus on what Cas was giving him. Every scrape of teeth, the way Cas sucked at his lips, was so much hotter for it.
Dean nodded, then managed to say, “Yeah, that sounds… Please, Cas?”
“It's nothing, Sammy.” Dean flashed him a small smile. “Just nervous and I'd rather focus on something else, okay? Why don't you tell me about your science project with Sarah?”
Cas’s eyes lit up. “Are you?”
“Not gonna happen.” Dean smiles and kisses Cas. “I partied a lot last year, and yeah, it was fun … but I like the way things are now. I like making time to talk to you on the phone, I like getting A’s in my classes because I’m not showing up hungover. And Cas? I
(See the end of the chapter for
to, but Cas wasn't a saint, and despite his mounting need to make this a night Dean wouldn't forget, he only had so much restraint. So he did his best, teased with his slick fingers, sank them inside Dean, murmuring about how good it felt, how good he looked into Dean's ear, until neither of them could take it anymore.
Cas doesn’t get to finish the picture he’s painting for Dean. His back bows and his whole body locks up, mouth parted around a silent moan. Heat coils fast at the base of his spine, and explodes outward in a shower of pleasure that pulses wildly through him. Splashes of jizz land on his stomach, his chest and he holds his breath for long moments as he comes so hard that he couldn’t breathe if he wanted to.
There's a dirty smile on Cas's lips when he leans in close, the stubble on his cheek scraping against Dean's. He doesn't talk, just lets his hot damp breath tickle in Dean's ear as he guides Dean's palm from his hip back around to his ass, into the crack and down until his fingertips brush smooth silicone.
“Dude, don’t be shy,” she raised her hands, palms toward him placatingly, “I’m not gonna judge. Pretty much eighty percent of my job is not to judge.”
He jumped and glanced guiltily up from the flower he'd been focused on. "Hm?"
Oh yeah, she was pissed. “Good, you got five minutes, go wake a few of the others and let them know what's happening, arrange the shifts. I'll stay here until then.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The words are barely out of Dean's mouth before Cas pulls him into a kiss, and it's deep, and it's full of so much love that Dean melts into it.
Considering that he couldn’t stop thinking about the night before—about Cas—it wasn’t really even a question, was it? He replied with,
Cutting the engine, Dean chews on his lip and reaches into his pocket. “I didn't really know what to get you,” he confesses. “Ten years is sorta a big deal … and there wasn't anything that seemed good enough, y’know?”
Everything only got hotter when Cas pushed Dean's hand down until it brushed over the tent in his borrowed boxer-briefs. Heat and hardness beneath his palm rushed blood south so fast that Dean was almost dizzy with it. He rubbed his palm along the length of Cas's cock, then circled it over the head,  listening to the quickening of Cas's breaths and leaning up to watch a flush spread over his cheeks and steal down his chest. So fucking hot.
A little shyly Cas said, “You know, you're really smart, Dean. Maybe you could take some courses at the community college while you figure out what you want to do.”
If you liked this chapter let us know. :D And please make sure you give
He walks into the room, green eyes barely open, hair all disheveled, flannel rumpled. Even after all these years, Dean still takes his breath away with how gorgeous he is.
Chuckling, Dean squeezed them both. “Let’s go home.”
Cas hummed against his skin. “Not yet. Get on the couch. Kneel with your arms resting on the back.”
“Hey, Sam!” Sam glanced over his shoulder at him. “Thanks.”
Dean just grinned wider at him, “Open it.”
“Dean,” Cas growled against his mouth, command in his voice and hands on his hips to still him. “Your room. I want you on your bed. I want you naked, and I want it right now.”
Dean tried not to pout, he really did. Cas’s low chuckle was a clear indication that he wasn’t exactly successful. “Fine, it’s in the living room,” he said with a lopsided smile as he slid his hand down and laced his fingers with Cas’s.
*****
Instantly, Cas's hand clamped down on Dean's wrist and stilled his motion. “Fuck, fuck, fuck.”
“Okay… not joking then. So, guess it's kind of cool you already know him. Don't have to wonder if you'll ever find him, at least,” Sam said, ever the optimist, and Dean almost hated to burst his bubble. Almost.
Cas carefully read through the list, asking Dean to clarify a few of his notes, and borrowing Dean’s pen from the coffee table to write in his answers. In the end, Cas smiled at him, and Dean’s stomach flipped over at the warmth in his expression. “You did good, Dean. This is very thorough. Can I keep it? I’ll use it to help guide the scenes I plan for us.”
Dean groaned, vibrations that rocketed along Cas's nerves. He worked one hand in time with his mouth, while the other kneaded the base of Cas’s cock where his knot would swell, any attempt at teasing soon forgotten.
Surprising him again, Cas grinned. “I love horror movies. And honestly, I haven’t dated in long enough that I’m not even sure I remember how. I think you’re far more interesting than you give yourself credit for. It’s not a contract. If you’re uncomfortable with any of this, a no at any time is sufficient to put an end to it. And of course, your job wouldn’t be in danger no matter your response.” Cas’s face softened into a gentler smile. “I can handle rejection. Now or later. But what I’d really like is to know that should we prove compatible, you’d be receptive to the offer of a date.”
But as they climb into the front seat and Cas cuddles up to his side, looking so content and comfortable that it makes warmth well up in Dean's chest, he can sort of admit that maybe they're both kinda lucky.
Dean smirked. “Thought you said slow?”
“Sorry.” He glanced at Dean and then back up at the ceiling. His stomach somersaulted a little, but he’d been thinking about this alot. “I… I was wondering if you wanted to maybe—if you’re not busy—” he wiped his hands on the thighs of his pants. Since when was he unable to string together a coherent damn sentence? “Friday night… I thought if you, you know, want to… you could come over and hangout. Watch a movie or something?”
An involuntary little moan rumbled up from Dean’s chest.
Any residual nervousness was washed away by Cas’s hand tightening slightly on Dean’s face, the unconcealed arousal in his gaze. He looked like he wanted it every bit as badly as Dean did. “I’d love nothing more. In fact,” he paused, wetting his lips. “Why don’t you strip down while I retrieve supplies. Once we start I would rather not have to stop for protection and lubricant.”
Part of him wants to pick Castiel up and carry him to the bed, lay him out and fuck him hard, until Castiel forgets everything other than Dean's name. The larger part, though, fucking loves that Castiel’s taking what he wants. That he's taking the lead and daring Dean to follow.
Skin tacky with sweat, Dean finally lifts up a little and slips out of Cas as he drops a kiss to his shoulder. “Fuck, that was awesome.”
“Uh—what?”
Dean's lips turn up in a warm smile at that, like he's just realizing how true Cas's statement is. “Yeah, I s’pose this can wait until later.”
Cas’s lips twitched up at one corner, “I brought you this,” he held out a bottle of water.
Everything looked the same. Still, driving into Lawrence, Dean couldn’t help thinking that in the ten years he’d been gone—in all the ways that counted—everything had changed. The sky was a grim grey and the wet pavement showed how recently rain had fallen, but there wasn’t any splashing on the windshield right then. His view was clear as he navigated through familiar neighborhoods on autopilot. Everything was green with spring. Fresh new leaves on the trees, bushes, grass that looked healthy.
“If you’re here to try and hurt any of us…” Dean kicked at the ashes beneath his feet, gaze harsh. “This is what happened to the last people who tried that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The next time Cas kissed him, Dean melted into it, nerves temporarily forgotten. There was something about Cas that just soothed him, made him feel like they could handle anything. They were ready for this, and Dean couldn’t wait to give Cas the family he’d always wanted. That they’d wanted.
His hands trembled as he unzipped and pushed Dean's jacket off. They made their way to Dean's bed, leaving a trail of discarded clothes along the way between passionate, soul baring kisses. Cas pulled Dean down on top of him, reveling in the warm weight over him and between his legs. He could've lost this, and his closed eyes pricked with tears.
Yeah, right. He was clearly hoping Dean would choose to get rid of his power.
"Dean?"
Dean came to the same conclusion because he shouted at them to get Benny up and haul ass for the house. “I'll hold them off!” he yelled.
“Hey,” Dean replied as he let himself be dragged, “You started it. Not my fault you taste so damn good.”
“But I found an enchantment to bind a shadowlight's power.” Sam nodded his head toward the back of the store.
What truly makes the whole thing unbearable is the fact that Dean Winchester just happens to be the most attractive man that Castiel’s ever met. What kind of cruel, capricious god would make one of the most insufferably stubborn, annoying, jerks in the entire world that beautiful?
“Don’t be a dumbass, Dean,” Cas replied, eyes narrowed. “It wasn’t your fault. I let myself starve because I couldn’t get you out of my head and I didn’t want to pressure you. It was intense like that
And then so beautifully, Dean’s cheeks blushed darker. He wet his lips with his tongue. “Can I suck you off?” Almost like an afterthought he added, “Please, Cas?”
Dean didn’t get the chance to finish his thought, to win their argument ‘cause Cas won it hands down when he cupped Dean’s cheek a second before he leaned forward and pressed their mouths together. This time he took it slow. Dean’s heart hammered wildly in his chest. This kiss was less frantic but no less good for it. It still made Dean’s lips tingle and his cheeks heat up—still made his stomach cartwheel in this terrifyingly amazing way and his fingertips itch to sink into Cas’s hair.
A tiny prick of guilt poked at him. He was going to his dad’s funeral in a few hours and here he was in his house, having less than pure thoughts about Sam’s best friend. There was probably something wrong with him, but the heat in Cas’s eyes when he dragged them up to Dean’s face as he finished … was kinda worth it. Maybe Cas could offer exactly the kind of distraction that Dean needed this weekend. The kind he would’ve been out looking for as soon as Sam left anyway. He licked his lips and watched Cas mirror him. Hot.
Cas pulled him into the hottest fucking kiss of Dean's entire
Cas laughed, and it sounded as rusty as it felt. “Not typically, no.”
“This is the patio door,” Cas said, walking through the nicely furnished living room over to the pretty white french doors framed with beautifully cared for fiddle leaf fig trees on the either side. “If you let me know when you arrive, I’ll keep it unlocked for your use.”
“Come on, come on, come on,” Dean chanted, willing Sam’s rope to work.
Right as he’s losing the battle with his willpower, Castiel stills him with an iron grip on his hips. “Get up on your knees,” Castiel instructs, and Dean does it even though his body fights him the whole way, frantic to stay buried inside of all that heat and wet. “Not ready to finish yet.”
Crowley smiled. “So, you’ve got the fiery death part obviously, and the whole rebirth through fire. Other than that, not much, oh, except the lovely fact that your tears can heal. Great wounds, too, so I’m told.” Dean’s brows rose. Interesting. “It can be difficult to control a phoenix’s power, however. Especially when they’re young. So… again… if you’d like, I can take the power for you. Leave you as the fire elemental you were meant to be.”
Don't forget to give some love to
He brushed his thumb over the lock, the smooth leather, arousal rising up in him as he considered wearing something like that for Cas. A rustling noise behind him reminded Dean that Cas was watching and his cheeks heated as he pulled his fingers away.
Leading him through the house, Cas gave him the ten cent tour. “The kitchen is over there, if you find yourself in need of refreshment, help yourself, the heat out here gets stifling. The bathroom is first on the left down that hallway. I’m mostly cloistered in my office during the day, but sometimes I’ll set up on the couch in the living room if I need a change of scenery. Don’t worry about bothering me. I’m all but immune to any noise going on around me when I’m focused.”
Rebloggable link for the fic can be found
A flash of determination passes over Castiel’s face, his hands drop to rest loosely at his sides. “No, I want this—want you,” he pauses as he crawls into Dean’s lap, a knee on either side of Dean’s hips and for a second Dean forgets to breathe. “I just didn’t think you’d—you always seemed so.…”
Second of all, I hope what you're about to read and see makes up for the bit of a wait. I'm preeeetttyyy sure you're gonna be happy with it. ;)
He smiled to himself at the grip Cas had on his forearm where it was banded over his hips, like even in his sleep he needed to hold onto Dean. A rush of love for Cas pooled in his chest, and he wished that they could always wake up like that. Hell, maybe they could.
Cas was so close that it hurt. There was this wave of unity sinking so deeply inside of him that it felt permanent, as if he was changed—or they were—it was incredible and profound, overwhelming, exhilarating. He somehow held himself together for Dean.
A shuddering breath out, and Dean looks at the watch again. “Elev—” he swallows, throat dry, God that's so long. “Eleven minutes.”
“You can go,” Castiel tells her. She looks offended, but then she glances at Dean in his suit and doesn’t argue.
Cas’s eyes flickered between them and he seemed about as lost as Dean felt regarding what was supposed to come next. Apparently Sam had it in the bag though, because he pulled Cas into a hug and said, “Thanks for coming, man.”
It turned out that despite Dad’s poor upkeep on the exterior of the Impala, he’d at least kept her running, kept her engine clean, and her undercarriage looked to be in good condition too. Like he’d wanted it in working order for the day they came back, Dean thought with a pang in his chest.
“That what you're into, Cas?” Dean asked, smirk in his voice. “You wanna tie me up and dominate me?”
And then like lightbulbs flashing neon, he remembered the eighteen plus sign. Toys meant
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean replied, voice fond as he took in the chaos, “I can see that. We gotta open some windows.”
Castiel’s fingers curl in Dean’s hair as he arches against Dean, keeping him in place while he searches desperately for more body contact that Dean withholds. “You knew,” Castiel accuses, and how he’s coherent enough to discuss anything is a mystery even to him.
thinking with your dick once you catch it.”
“Gee, that doesn't sound familiar at all,” Charlie mumbled under her breath. “And this relates to you not feeding because?”
Dean’s fingernails scraped down Cas’s back and the room filled with the sound of slapping skin, their grunts and moans. His orgasm was hurtling toward him, right at the tips of his fingers when Cas suddenly slowed down.
Dean wanted to shake his head, mystified that Cas could feel that way about him with all that'd happened, but the sincerity in his voice was plain as day. Cas made it impossible not to believe him.
He caught up to Dean. “Hmm?”
“Fuck, Dean,” he grunted on a trembling breath as everything crested in a sudden rush of euphoria. He came in jerky hot pulses all over himself, then melted into the mattress, hand still loosely cupped around his slowly softening cock.
“Of course, Dean.”
Heat curled in Cas’s gut, in response to what Dean was doing to him and the hot little moans and needy noises Dean was making.
“Dunno, how are you?” he replies, because from where he’s sitting, Castiel looks like the best thing he’s ever seen. He has for a long time, if Dean’s honest.
Sam practically shouted.
So he thinks of something else, he thinks of going to school to complete his degree in automotive technology. He thinks about long days spent in classes or under a car while Dean worked with Sam. The way they'd both had to adjust to being away from each other after so long spent in each other's pockets.
There was that little swoop in Dean’s stomach again. A feeling he couldn’t identify—somewhere in the range of pleased and embarrassed—spread in his chest. “Cas.…”
of them because Dean is his
Fucking Gordon Walker. Dean rolled his eyes, but a warm burst of pride swelled in his chest. “What can I say, I’m just that awesome.”
Chuckling, Dean finally turns around and heads toward his truck. “Have a good day, Cas.”
Instead he got out of bed, went and showered and got himself ready for school just like any other morning. He was hell-bent on keeping his emotions in check, on getting through the day with as little commotion as possible. He dressed himself in a fairly typical outfit for him: nondescript dark blue jeans, a plain black t-shirt and a blue plaid button up left open. One step of his routine at a time, he told himself, he just needed to focus on that.
there’s bound to want him.
Right about the time that Castiel starts grinding down on him, Dean distantly wonders if once is gonna be enough. He’s distracted from that thought though, because Castiel reaches down between them and tugs at his towel until it falls away. Dean breaks the kiss to look at him, and it’s like a sucker punch to the gut, how hot the picture they make is. Castiel is beautiful, hard long line of naked skin, a flush that spreads down his chest, his cock full and thick and jutting out proudly. He’s draped over Dean, the contrast of Castiel’s tan thighs over Dean’s sweatpants makes it even more of a turn on.
*****
“God, you’re hot in my clothes. So hard to keep my hands off you earlier,” Dean groaned. Pride over Dean’s approval rushed almost dizzyingly through him.
The door gave a little creak when he opened it and climbed out. Hopefully Cas wouldn’t mind and Dean wouldn’t have to keep wondering what Sam was being all cryptic about. He made his way around to the front of the building and briefly checked the place out.
Castiel smiles into another kiss. “Hello, Dean.”
Roughly, Dean mumbled, “He was stubborn.”
They weren't expecting him, so instead of using his palm print to unlock the charmed thick wooden doors and enter, he banged his fist on it. Stepping back he looked up at the lowest window and as expected, Jo cautiously peered down, and noticed it was him before she unlatched the glass and stuck her head out.
Dean rolls his eyes at her and grins. “Shut up. I was gonna say I’m gonna go home.”
Dean takes a shaky breath and reaches for Cas's hands. The car's too dark to make out much about the expression on Cas's face other than that he's watching Dean intently. “The past ten years have been even better than I could've hoped for. Things were hard there for a while, but God, I'm so happy with you, you gotta know that. I just—I love you.”
“Dean.” His eyes were stormy oceans, hungry on Dean's, desperately hot. Dean's chest heaved with ragged breaths, and he watched Cas's do the same—one tiny thread of restraint away from throwing himself at Cas.
“Do you ever get tired of it?” Cas asked, and Balthazar shrugged a shoulder and pursed his lips.
Heat rapidly builds in Dean's groin, everything feels like it's tightening, his balls drawing up, and he's so damn close. Wedging his arm down between Cas and the seat back, he gets his hand around Cas's hard cock—slick with precome and sweat, the glide is easy and Cas grunts his name.
Before Cas even made it up the drive, Dean was at the door. He didn’t have the patience to wait for Cas to knock, so he opened his door and leaned against the frame. God, Cas was hot in the warm afternoon sunlight—blue eyes clear and bright, still in that sexy as fuck outfit he’d been wearing earlier, the strap of a black leather messenger bag slung across his broad chest. A little smile tugged up the corners of Cas’s lips as he climbed the steps, crinkles at the corners of his eyes showed he was amused that Dean couldn’t wait inside for him.
It takes him a while to pick a direction and start walking, but eventually he finds a road, and that leads to a gas station. He hits the can first, and checks the mirror to make sure he doesn't look like he just murdered someone, but nope. He's still wearing that dickbag’s suit and hat. He tears the hat off of his head and throws it in the trash. The tie and suit jacket go next, followed by the vest and if it wouldn't get him arrested he'd leave every stitch of clothing in that can.
“Cas, I want… I want…” Dean lost his train of thought each time it formed, too swept up in sensation, Cas's teeth and lips and tongue, his hand, all working to bring Dean swiftly to the edge.
Cas smirked. “It’s just hanging out, Dean. I’ll even make you dinner.” Dean’s face lit up a little at that, and Cas tucked away that knowledge for future use. Apparently the way to Dean Winchester’s heart was definitely through his stomach. Cliché but whatever worked.
won’t start anything tonight? I'll keep my hands to myself unless you ask me not to.”
Cas sipped at his beer and forced his thoughts in a different direction before he ended up being the weird guy in the corner with an awkward boner.
So when Sandover tells Dean that they’re gonna throw a big birthday bash at a fancy hotel bar for him, Dean decides it’s his chance to relax a little. There’s no way that Castiel’s gonna go to his birthday.
The pizza box was open on the coffee table in front of them, half-empty beer bottles on either side of it. On the TV an action movie that Cas wasn't really paying any attention to flickered in his peripheral. He couldn't help that his lips tugged up when he glanced over and saw Dean shove roughly half a slice of pizza into his mouth in one bite. His cheeks were puffed wide while he chewed.
There's no place he'd rather be than in the home they'd made together, with Dean. Sometimes it feels like meeting Dean was when Castiel's story really started. There's no telling where it'll end, but Castiel plans to spend as much of the in-between as he can with Dean. The good, the bad, the end of the world? So long as he gets to have this—have Dean?
Cas wanted, rather desperately, to play with Dean. He was practically aching for the opportunity to get his mouth on that full lower lip Dean was biting down on. “I… well… however you want me, I’d be up for. It, uh, seemed like you wanted that too. Was I wrong? ‘Cause it doesn’t gotta be a big deal if I was, we could just…” Dean covered his eyes with one hand, massaging his temples and looking like he was embarrassed enough to sink into the couch. “We could call today a wash and pretend it never happened.”
Fast as he can, Dean strips, it’s not sexy or even efficient. He almost gets caught in the collar of his t-shirt, but he’s bare and waiting fairly quickly. His dick juts out in front of him, a little thicker than Cas’s, though comparable in size, which Dean’s pretty happy with. Red tipped and glistening with precome, a testamant to how long he’s been waiting, how much he wants this. His face heats, his neck, and down his chest as Cas looks him over. From his messy hair, bitten red lips, down his chest. If they weren’t already pebbled up tight, his nipples would’ve reacted to the way Cas licked his lips when he glanced at them.
No, what he's been stuck with is a frickin’ party-crazed, recreational-drug-using, give-his-guard-the-slip-to-have-a goddamn-orgy man-child who has authority issues. Because that's Dean's life.
Or at least
These days, he and Sam didn’t live quite as in each other’s pockets; Sam and Eileen had moved into their own little townhouse years ago. Both doctors, they pulled in decent enough pay that it was a nice one. He was proud of Sam, and he loved Eileen like a sister. He’d even learned a whole new language for her along with Sam. Learning how to sign was one of the few instances Dean could think of where he’d picked something up faster than Sam. He still liked to gloat about it now and then.
Two months of Mr. Winchester,
He grips Castiel’s hips with one hand, and guides his cock into him with the other, and then he gets both hands on Castiel’s hips, slamming into him hard and fast and brutal. Animalistic. Nothing exists outside of fucking Castiel, outside of knotting him. He sees Castiel’s arm working, and Dean just knows that he’s jerking off. So fucking hot.
After staring into his closet for a while, Dean picks out a fitted dark grey suit paired with a crisp white shirt, a lighter grey tie and matching pocket square. He dresses and styles his hair, and then he grabs his wallet and keys on his way out the door.
He actually saw Cas's heart shattering in slow motion—just blue and pain and despair in his eyes. His own heart broke for Cas’s suffering, but he could still save him, could still save Sam. “Sweetheart, I love you, but I can't hold on.” Dean’s voice faltered again and a tear slipped down his cheek. “You gotta go.”
he’d driven there.
“Touch yourself,” he panted in Dean’s ear. “I need you to… mmm… you feel so… I’m so—”
You can find me on tumblr too
Ever since Dean had started working for him, his flirting had caused Cas to stumble over his words. And Cas could cope with that. He could weather the inevitable embarrassment when he made a fool of himself. He could retreat to his office with burning cheeks and chastise himself for not managing to control his response to Dean’s many, many charms. Then he could recover and do it all again the next day. Dean always kept it light enough to brush off and Cas was glad to let him have his fun. If he was honest, the moments with Dean as awkward as they made him feel in the moment—they were the most exciting part of his day by far.
Flutters of nervousness and excitement kicked up in his stomach once he found himself in socked feet, envelope clutched in hands that were just a little shaky. Maybe this was too sappy? What if Cas thought it was dumb? Dean pushed down his fears as he walked into the living room and discovered Cas curled up on their plush chocolate leather couch, a big old-looking book in his hands.
He was sort of grateful that Cas was giving him an out if he needed it, but Dean was … intrigued. He was borderline—and this wasn't a word he ever thought he'd use in regard to himself—giddy.
It's a bit of a drive to where they're headed, and the sun’s fading fast, but Dean wants it to be dark out when they get there anyway.
did for this chapter. Make sure you give her some love. <3<3
Caring too much did seem to be a Sam Winchester curse. He was always trying to take care of Dean in some way like he was the big brother, when that was definitely Dean's job. The one purpose he seemed to have, keep Sam safe—keep his family safe.
“Hell yes,” Dean muttered, scrambling to get out of every last stitch of clothing he was wearing—jacket and shirt rapidly pulled off, pants and underwear shoved hastily down getting caught on his boots. He rolled his eyes at himself and scrambled to unlace his boots. When he was finally naked, he schooched back on the bed, leaving plenty of room for Cas.
“Mmm,” Cas agreed. “Would you like playful swats or something harder?”
It was kind of screwed up that fate would assign someone like Dean to be with someone like Cas. Dean was about a zillion steps below Cas in the social order of things, and Cas was so far out of Dean's league that they were basically playing different sports. Or more accurately, Cas was like a star quarterback and Dean was someone who half-heartedly listened to the game on TV at home in the background while he did something else. They were worlds apart and they made no sense together.
Sheets and blankets bundled in his arms, he carefully climbed down the stairs, eyes on his feet to make sure he didn’t miss his mark and end up on his ass.
Cas.”
“Peachy.”
Cas just laughed harder, and after a second, Dean chuckled too. They settled in all cuddled up on the couch as they watched a comedy special on Netflix, and Cas couldn’t remember the last time he’d laughed this much. Or the last time he’d been so relaxed with someone who wasn’t Charlie.
All it took was a crooked smile from Dean and Cas was on him. They fucked slow and lazy, Cas sucking Dean off with torturous precision, all heat and perfect suction while Dean murmured praise. He climaxed with a rush of pleasure and kissed Cas after, tasting himself in Cas’s mouth with a tingle of renewed arousal. Dean jerked him off, pulling out all his best tricks, figuring out what Cas liked. And when Cas wrapped his hand tightly around Dean’s and guided him to a faster, snugger grip, Dean moaned into his mouth. Cas came with a quiet, choking gasp.
“Mmm. I write.”
if he was that wet there, Cas’s dick ached at the thought of how slick he must be. The honeyed scent of it was a perfect goddamn compliment to Dean’s usual citrusy smell. Like spiced candied oranges. Cas’s mouth watered.
So he does. Takes everything he has, but he waits and waits, and then Cas’s fingers skim around the back of his waistband, along the exposed skin just above his ass. Goosebumps spread like wildfire, and Dean shivers while he stifles a gasp. Just stares blankly at Cas’s hair and tries not to go off way too early. He might’ve maybe, sort of been a little impatient for Cas to get home, and he might’ve sort of had a bottle of lube and the house to himself. Sweat prickles up at the small of his back, along his throat. Every inch of him tuned in to the slow, almost absent drag of Cas’s fingers. Beneath him, Cas shifts a little, spreads his legs so that Dean’s perched in between them, and Dean’s breath speeds up.
Some days it was a close thing, though. Close enough that Dean knew he couldn't risk anyone's safety by acting like he was normal, like he was safe to be around. So he didn't have friends, and he didn't date despite the fact that just like any other teenager he was dying to. What Dean wanted didn't matter. It would never matter ‘cause what everyone else deserved was for Dean to keep them safe from himself.
And Dean wants, okay, so badly, but he’s also not a complete moron. “Fuck. Yeah, just … uh, lemme grab a condom.”
Once he's cleared the plates, he tells Cas to go grab a sweater, and then he ducks into the downstairs bathroom and brushes his teeth before he grabs the present he got Cas from the very back of the top shelf in the pantry and tucks it into the inside pocket of the leather jacket hanging on the hook by the front door.
There was no stopping—not now. Cas might have been able to help him bleed off a little bit of energy before, but with sudden clarity Dean understood that if Cas touched him right now, he’d burn up too.
Sure, that last part was a lie, but Dean said it like he believed it, and Cas bought it. His face softened and he said, “I won’t forget.”
the caffeine. His mood matches his coffee by the time he makes it into Sandover Advertising with just a minute to spare.
Pain blossomed in Dean's chest, an ache that flared frosty and cavernous. Thickly, he swallowed and shook his head a little, couldn't quite believe it. Dad was stubborn. He didn't change his mind and he didn't make apologies. If he'd been sorry, it was probably for himself. Dean clung to that like a life raft.
Now that he understands Dean’s motivations, he finds he doesn’t dislike the way Dean’s been acting. After all, he’d tried so hard to keep himself from unfairly influencing Castiel with his scent, and meanwhile he’d been fighting off his own response to Castiel’s.
“Not tonight. I'm good. The next time I come, I want it to be while I'm fucking you hard enough to pound my headboard into the wall.”
The relief on his face when Castiel had accepted his stumbling proposal. Phenomenal sex in the back seat of the Impala—not for the first or the last time.
“Fair enough.”
“You don't get to die on me, Dean Winchester! I'm not accepting that!” Cas saw the moment Dean realized that he had absolutely no intention of leaving him there. The second he changed tactics from martyring himself to figuring out how to get Cas out of this alive. Sam must have too, because he and Jo got Benny up between them and started staggering toward the house while Cas kept the path clear and Dean covered him.
“Like a baby giraffe learning how to walk,” Dean teased and laughed at the glare that earned him. “So who's your new friend?”
As Cas kissed bruises into his thighs, the cut of his groin, Dean threw his head back on a moan. Pleasure pulsed through him, made him lightheaded and hazy—out of control in the best way.
Time freezes, or Castiel does, and isn’t that the same thing? His whole body locks up and he shouts Dean’s name, clamping down around Dean’s knot as he comes. Pleasure explodes out through Dean’s body in a shuddering fiery release. His eyes slam shut, knot locked inside of Castiel and pulsing into the condom. He shakes through it, fingers dug into Castiel’s hip, and still curled around his neck. Wave after wave hits him until he’s shivering and exhausted, lax and warm.
It didn’t take long for Sam to clomp back up the stairs and toss his duffel bag to him. Dean thanked him and took it into his room. He dropped it on the bed and unzipped it, rifling through until he found a towel. He deliberated over what he was gonna wear this afternoon before he settled on a pair of fitted black jeans and a dark blue denim shirt. Sam would probably be pissed he hadn’t actually packed anything nicer, but Dean didn’t really feel like being stuffed into a monkey suit. This was uncomfortable enough.
On the second last step, his foot slipped out from under him—he barely had time to gasp out a startled, “Fuck,” before strong hands caught him and stopped him from falling.
“Probably not, but I can get her to play nice.” Charlie smirked deviously, and Cas rolled his eyes.
Walking from the elevators into his office eats up that extra minute and he’s barely settled into his seat at his desk when Mr. Adler walks in. The overpowering smell of alpha and acrid smugness that permeates the air around him always sets Castiel on edge.
This seemed likely considering Dean had gotten called away once they’d arrived at the fenced in camp, and Cas had been left with Sam as a guide for the day. And until Dean had arrived to drag Cas to the party, he hadn’t seen hide nor tail of him. Then again, when Dean glanced over and caught sight of Cas, his gaze was, without a doubt, appreciative. Cas felt himself flushing under the scrutiny. Dean excused himself from the conversation and made his way over.
over on her tumblr. You can also find me on tumblr
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean noticed that Sammy kept looking over at him under his bangs with the same little smile Dad had and Dean thought he needed a freakin’ haircut. He ignored him too and dug in, pretending that he couldn't see the way everyone was just dying to ask him who his soulmate was and did he know them and what was he gonna do.
Only Dean didn't
Laying on the middle of the desk was an innocuous looking length of rope. Dean raised his eyebrows and crossed his arms. Whatever he'd expected, that definitely wasn't it.
whichever you choose to call it—I can make that happen. If you want to keep it, no skin off my back, but I digress.”
Again, right at the edge, Cas pulls away. “Not yet,” he says sternly in reply to Dean's pathetic plea of a whimper. He smacks Dean's ass cheek on his way to reach into the nightstand, and Dean very nearly comes, the slight sting of it zipping through him. Sheer force of will keeps him from spilling all over Cas's navy blanket.
Six months. He’s been trying to figure out how in the hell he’d gotten himself into this situation for six damn months. Every time he smells Castiel he forgets to be pissed off in return, and instead has to fight off every single alpha mating/caring instinct he has, ‘cause there’s no way Castiel wants that with him. Castiel
“Better,” Dean sighed, pressing back a fraction just to feel Cas’s hard cock press against his hot ass. “It’d—” He broke off, gasping as Cas bit and sucked at his neck, hips pressing forward to grind against the cool leather. “It’d be even better with that cock in me.”
& I have decided to post the rest of the story as is, and she'll update with the art when she's able. You've all been so patiently waiting for the conclusion to this and we both appreciate that so much. I'm going to be editing and posting the last chapters tonight. <3
sure I can satisfy you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Lastly, I thought it'd be fun to include a little playlist of the songs I listened to while I was writing. You can find a link to that
Balthazar was watching what he was doing, eyes on his work, and Cas frowned. He guessed he hadn’t spent a whole lot of time considering why Balthazar filled up his free time with meaningless sex, but it bothered him that maybe part of it was a sense of hopelessness. Balthazar was a good guy, and he deserved someone who made him happy. “You will.”
“Actually,” Cas spoke up, “I have stuff in my trunk. I stopped on the way over when you texted, Sam.”
The stillness between them was an uncomfortable by-product of coming back for this. The day they’d put Lawrence behind them and headed to the West Coast when Sam’d gotten accepted into his dream school on a full ride, neither of them thought they’d come back, but here they were. Dad always did get the last say.
“You were sworn to secrecy!” Meg objects, accusation and betrayal in her tone.
Dean’s not sure exactly what it is about him that pisses Castiel off, just that no matter what he does, no matter which details he alters in their interactions, he always ends up smelling angry omega.
It doesn't stay slow for long, not with Cas panting and moaning beneath him, bucking back into every thrust. Dean fucks into him harder, biting kisses into the side of his neck and his shoulder that are gonna leave marks.
“Oh, I'm good alright, Sammy,” Dean said lasciviously.
“After?” Dean asks, voice shaky.
And that wound up being the perfect conversation changer, because Sam's crush on Sarah Blake was an open secret. He hadn't come out and admitted it or anything, but Sam talked about her all the time. The discussion about their project ate up the rest of the drive.
“Oh don't even give me that look Castiel Novak,” Charlie hissed with her own eyes narrowed right back at him. She looked fierce with her wavy hair cut chin length, eyes rimmed dark with liner and her scrunched up nose just added to the effect. “I don't know what that was about, but quit picking on him. Don't you think his life sucks enough?”
“Um … I’m gonna be here for a couple weeks, right? And … I was thinking,” he paused as though he was searching for the proper words and Cas’s heart sped up at an alarming rate, “that this thing that’s going on with us—the uh … the attraction or whatever. It doesn’t have to be complicated, right? We could just have some fun while I’m here, if … uh … if you want.…”
The cab pulls up to the hotel where the party’s being held at and Castiel sighs after he pays the cabbie and gets out. He’s already pushing the acceptable limits of late, but he hadn’t wanted to be early. It’s already bound to be awkward enough.
“Go on,” Cas says, voice raspy as he hugs Dean close and breathes him in—the rich familiar scent of Irish Spring body wash and Old Spice deodorant filling his senses. “I'll see you this afternoon.”
It'd been love at first sight when Dean’d started giving Castiel lessons about car maintenance. There was something about working on vehicles that clicked in Castiel's brain. It was like a puzzle that he could solve and something solid that he could do with his hands at the same time.
“Yes, sir,” he repeated.
Tilting his head, Cas examined the boy again. “John Winchester's kid?”
He scrubbed a hand over his head. Was it weird to show up at Cas’s work unannounced like this? Should he maybe text him and let him know he was coming? Then again, he was already there, so wouldn’t that be even weirder? He probably should’ve thought of all that
Somehow despite the bustle all around him, Dean's eyes were almost instantly drawn to Cas. Half-way down the hall, he was standing next to Charlie while they goofed off. His dark hair was just a bit longer than Dean normally remembered it being, and it was messier than usual, like he'd been tugging on it… or someone else had, Dean thought with a little flash of unguarded jealousy that he shoved down.
“Go check it in the mirror, you know the drill,” Balthazar said.
in bold black lettering.
They stayed pressed together, quietly enjoying the satisfaction of their orgasms, and each other’s comforting presence for quite some time. Of course, Cas never did know when to leave well enough alone. Exhaustion pressed in on him, and he yawned. “Do you want me to stay?”
Dean counted backwards from ten, took slow deep breaths and focused on staying calm. Sam wasn't trying to upset him. Sam was just being Sam. It wasn't his fault that he was annoyingly persistent and continually looking for the bright side of things.
Dean’s cheeks flush dark, and his head falls back against the wall, green eyes focusing on the ceiling. “I’m your boss. I’m,” Dean shrugs, “me, and you didn’t seem to like me much. What was I supposed to say? If I’d known you were coming, I’d be wearing blockers right now too. I never wanted to put you in this position.”
Lying to his brother wasn't something Dean enjoyed, but it was necessary. If Sam was wrong about this, Dean didn't want him anywhere near an angry shadowlight.
“You’re an asshole,” she mutters under her breath as she goes.
It took Dean a little while to notice that Cas had stopped, the skin of his ass blazing and achy, and so damn sensitive that Cas’s fingertips lightly trailing over them shocked him, made him gasp. Cas traced random patterns into his skin, trails of fire that Dean arched his back for, that sent a rush of slick dripping down his leg.
Blue flames had danced shadows across Dad's face as he'd coughed in the smoke, coaxed Dean forward even though he was too scared to walk through the flames. Afraid he'd get burned.
Cas's body visibly tightened, and Dean's smile went lopsided, dirty, as he watched Cas fight the effect of his words. Fuck, he smelled good. “Of course. Do you—I could come over after work and we could try something?” Dean's eyes darted toward the back of the store, instantly curious about what Cas wanted to try. “We'll discuss the specifics before hand, obviously. No surprises tonight, I promise.”
“I’m fine,” he says for what feels like the hundredth time. Then he adds in an icy tone, “Stop asking.”
Dean blinks up at his surroundings. Clear blue sky overhead and he notices a rock digging painfully into his lower back. “The fuck?” he mumbles, sitting up and looking around.
For the rest of the drive, Sam was silent which suited Dean just fine. He didn't like that Sam was sulking, but he wasn't about to keep rehashing the same shitty set of facts with him for the millionth time.
“Dean,” Cas calls out, voice sounding like it's been torn from his throat.
than him, and that alone would be enough to annoy Castiel, but the fact that he's younger
“Fuck, you look good spread out on my bed like that. Been so good for me, haven't you, Dean?” Cas walks toward the bed, eyes never leaving Dean's, and it's hard to form a thought other than
The sound of a door bursting open in back, and heavy-fast footfalls preceded Cas’s arrival. “Charlie, what’s wr—oh, Dean.”
Dean wets his lips and clears his throat, Cas's words shoot a rush of heat right to his dick, making it bob beneath blue satin. “I … can you kiss me? Please?”
By the time Cas finally woke, Dean had given in to the call of nature and made a trip outside. He charmed his way into Ellen making him two cups of coffee even though they were rationing, and they were sitting warm on the counter when Cas slowly stretched beneath the blankets and sat up with a confused frown pulling at his expressive pink lips. Dean smiled at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh—no, I wasn't… I didn't mean—" Cas slapped a palm over his face and dragged it down, swiping at his mouth like that might reset it. "I was worried about sunstroke or that you were hurt, not that you weren't busy enough."
Even so, when lunchtime arrived he still didn’t think he could face Cas. He wasn’t really hungry either, so he hid out in the gym behind a stack of mats. Tucked away back there, no one was gonna bother him and he could mediate a little in peace.
“Thanks.”
Cas's hand on his chin tips Dean's head back, until he catches his gaze. “The reason I didn't say it back isn't because I don't feel the same. I just … didn't want to say it in the heat of the moment if there was a chance you’d regret it later.” Cas ducks his head. “You're so young and I'm … not. I just,” he sighs and runs his hand through his already messy dark hair.
There was a possibility, Mary thought, leaning back against a nearby tree and closing her eyes while she caught her breath—a
It was gorgeous. But then, everything about Cas seemed to be. A burst of movement caught Dean's eye and he glanced back up at Cas's face, startled, but Cas was still completely focused on Charlie.
Awareness returned to him slowly. He was curled up on his side, out of the wet spot. His arms had been released and his cuff was lying on the pillow near his head. Cas was wrapped around him, bottom arm under Dean's head and his other arm over Dean's chest, palm resting against his heart, knot still faintly pulsing inside of him every so often.
Cas's lips drew up in a smile and a little flash of warmth blossomed in his chest.
Dean squeezes the muscles beneath his palms and Cas pushes back into it. Carefully, Dean tugs out the plug, sets it down on the seat beneath Cas for now.
He cracks the door just in time to hear Castiel, choked-off breathy as he quietly moans,
All the way up to opening his own auto shop last year. The long days he's been pulling to get it off the ground.
Humming, Castiel tilts his chin a little toward Dean, and gets another kiss. “She does it on purpose,” Castiel complains, eyes opening to focus on Dean's, forcing his expression into a scowl instead of the grin he really wants to give Dean. “When she knows you're coming to collect me.”
“Get on your knees for me, Dean.” Cas didn’t have to ask twice. Dean got down on his knees in front of him, mouth already watering, wanting to be put to use. Cas’s thumb dragged over his bottom lip. “Get my cock out, and then suck it. Put those pretty pink lips to work.”
Instead of the pitying look he expected after that dumbass display of insecurity, Cas eyed him up and down, a predatory look that made Dean’s mouth go dry. “From where I stand, Dean, you’re extremely impressive.”
But… maybe he could do something to
“Mostly to feel closer to him temporarily,” he explains, cheeks flushing slightly with his admission.
to be raiding. The front door was just the tiniest bit ajar. That wasn't unusual, tons of doors were left open, but come on, a
Dean's cheeks warmed. A bit of guilt creeping in on the edges of his awareness at letting someone, even Cas, take care of him. He pushed his uneasiness away at the soft concerned look on Cas's face. “Okay.”
“It's infused with mountain ash berry and iron dust, plus I enchanted it with a spell I found buried in a shadowlight story,” Sam replied, drumming his fingers on the edge of his desk.
“Oh, wow,” Charlie said with a sarcastic smile. “Two confessions in one day.” She fanned herself and pretended to swoon. “Most days. Man, you really know how to make a girl feel special. Dean better watch out with those kinds of moves.”
“Just proof you’re smarter than you give yourself credit for.” Cas raised both eyebrows like he was daring Dean to contradict him.
On the bed, Dean laid back, propped up on his elbows as he watched Cas advance on him. Dean looked debauched. He looked like every dirty sexy omega wet dream Cas’d ever had come true. Legs bent up just a little and spread for him in the hottest invitation. Cas climbed up onto the bed, knees between Dean’s thighs as he bracketed his body. Slow and dragging at first, he pressed his lips to Dean's, then firmer as he deepened the kiss.
“You too, Charlie,” he replied politely. She flashed them what even Dean recognized was a Vulcan salute, before she turned and walked out the door.
“You okay?” Dean asked.
“I can’t just—”
Dean had never hated being an omega—in and of itself, he liked it just fine—it was the way some people perceived it that was Dean’s problem. So he shored up his defenses and squared his shoulders, because if there was one thing Dean knew how to do and do it well: it was pretend that he was fine when the world shifted beneath his feet.
“We don’t have to read them,” Sam pointed out.
And suddenly he really wished Cas wasn’t just passing through. Yesterday, it sounded perfect to Dean; a night of no strings attached fun with a hot guy was right up his alley. But then… then he’d seen how shy and awkward Cas had been around everyone. How out of practice with people he was. And something in Dean’s chest tightened. He wanted to take Cas home and keep him there. Wanted to teach him to talk to people again. Wanted to know what he’d been through, and what was hiding behind the haunted look in his eyes. Everyone had a tragic story these days, and Dean had enough of his own, but he wanted to make Cas’s ghosts disappear. It was an impossible desire, but it didn’t stop Dean from feeling like he’d been run over by a truck with it.
Friday came along much too quickly, but Cas did his best. Charlie had brought over a vacuum cleaner and a mop. After which, she’d proceeded to sit on his couch with a bag of Doritos and ‘motivated’ him to work. Which basically meant that she’d played on the old nintendo system he’d rescued from a garage sale, occasionally pointing somewhere and saying, “Missed a spot.”
Every muscle in his body tightens, lungs freezing in his chest as all of the pleasure coursing through him coalesces tightly in his belly, and then pulses outward in a sparking detonation that blasts through him. His hips twitch up, sliding his cock further into the heat of Cas's mouth as he comes so hard that his vision narrows before his eyes slam shut, euphoric.
The honest truth was not really; not with the way Dean's feelings were growing stronger by the day. They were blossoming each time they sat together, talked, and flirted, with each time Dean slipped his hand into Cas's and held it, fingers entwined.
Slowly, he turned and glared incredulously at Charlie. What the hell was that for?
“Are. Disgustingly cute.” She hesitated a brief second. “And not that I really wanna think about it, well… much. You really, really need to tap that, Cas. You look like crap and you were barely aware of what we were saying. At the very least, you gotta talk to him about what's going on.”
Charlie’s voice broke the tension that was gathering between them when she announced, “Much as I’d
Shit. Fuck. Can he even do that? Clearly Cas thinks he can, because he sits back on his heels, kneeling between Dean's legs looking like sex personified. “Clothes off.”
Don’t make me wait.” Cas looks at him then, finally, reproach in his his eyes, so hard in the darkness with the curtains drawn and the TV flickering splashes of light over them. So he adds a cracked, fervent.
“So, who is it? Do you know them?” Sam questioned excitedly.
He's out his door and crawling into the back of the car as fast as he can. The second they're both in, with the doors closed, Cas climbs into his lap, knees on either side of Dean's thighs.
Like Sam, Dean cleared his throat before he spoke, “I’m fine.”
It was the same basic idea with a few tweaks here and there, and it was perfect. He'd always planned to fill up both arms, he’d just been waiting on something meaningful. A tattoo couldn't get much more meaningful than this.
“Yeah, I’m done. I call first dibs though!” Dean quickly answered.
Just as Dean thought he’d lose it, Cas let him go. Swaying on his feet, Dean’s stomach clenched and his face flamed when Cas steadied him with one hand.
Since September Cas’d figured it was because subconsciously their souls had recognized each other from the moment that they’d first laid eyes on one another. It was a silly, stupid little thought to have, but it was one he'd found himself considering on more than one occasion.
this promotion.
Dean didn’t bother to answer, he just toed at ashes again, and Crowley quickly caught his drift.
Even if guilt kept trying to push its way in. Dean just kept reminding himself that Cas wanted to be there. He wanted to do this. A little part of Dean wondered if he was making a mistake, allowing himself this kind of comfort and companionship. How much harder was it going to be to let Cas go after this?
“Mhm,” Cas hums, palms rubbing over Dean’s back. “I bet she got sick of you quietly pouting.”
“I’m good. I’m—I’m so good, Cas. You feel so… but I—”
He's always liked the deep navy duvet Cas has. It makes Cas's eyes look even bluer in the morning with sunlight streaming through his east facing window. That's something else he's missed while he's been away—waking up in Cas's bed.
He'd lucked into an apartment because Charlie's aunt had been looking for a tenant and as soon as Cas'd called her, she'd arranged it all. She’d even picked out some cheap furniture with him and had helped him put stuff together. Cas was probably never gonna stop being grateful for the way Charlie had pretty much held him together that day, when the adrenaline’d finally worn off and his fears about Zachariah coming after him had peaked.
“Nah.” Dean shook his head as he crammed his stuff quickly into his bag. “My parents are already pissed that I missed so much.”
Sam though—Sam’d been angry for a long time, abandoned by someone else he loved and left behind to put the pieces of himself back together. Dean's guilt had only magnified with time, but at least he’d known Sam would be able to eat, to go to school.
Beneath his tongue and lips, Dean’s skin was hot, salty. Instantly addictive, he wanted more, but he held back. For now, this was enough, this was good.
“It’s a silence elixir I made you,” Sam explained, holding it out for him. “So long as you watch your step and don’t go rustling big branches and stuff to announce where you are, it’ll keep your armor and footsteps from giving you away. I mean, so long as it works on a shadowlight,” he mumbled.
“Mhmm,” Dean capitulated as he pulled Cas further toward him, into a bruising kiss. The sweet taste that filled his mouth was unmistakably Cas. “You always taste so good.”
“Come here,” Cas ordered, retreating to sit on the brown leather couch once more. “Over my lap.”
Gettingto shave had been nice too. Cas casually rubbed a hand along his smooth cheek. He watched Dean laughing with people, watched the admiration on their faces when he spoke. It was clear these people loved and respected him. Cas found that incredibly appealing. He couldn’t explain why, but he did. Dean was good-looking without a doubt. In fact, good-looking was an understatement of such magnitude, Cas wondered if earlier, when he thought Dean was flirting with him, he’d been mistaken. Maybe he’d misinterpreted the suggestiveness in Dean’s voice.
“Dean?” Cas’s voice close behind him made him jump upright from where he was bent over turning off the bathtub faucets.
The house was still kind of a disaster. Less so than when he and Sam had arrived, but Dad’s stuff was still cluttered all over. The trash was gone and the floors were vacuumed and scrubbed, Dean’d even rented a steam cleaner for the carpets. He’d considered ripping them up and putting down hardwood to up the resale value of the house, but he couldn’t muster the drive, so he’d settled on cleaning them the best he could. The new owners could tear it up if they wanted to.
“Well, thanks,” Sam said with one of those dorky dimpled grins. “Saves us some time. Maybe we’ll even get most of this done today.” Dean looked skeptically at him, and Sam changed tack, “Or at least done enough that it’s not so bad for you when I fly home tomorrow.”
“Dean!” Jo exclaims. “We got this. You know we can handle it for
Moments later he was back with a glass of ice cold water, a blue and white striped bendy straw plunked in it. Cas held it for him until he'd drained the whole thing, and then they wound up wrapped in each other, underneath the blanket. Dean on Cas's chest again while Cas ordered pizza and chose a movie on demand.
There wasn’t a lot that Cas knew about good parents, but Dean’s mom seemed like one. He hoped he’d get to meet her sometime, even if the thought made nervousness twist in his gut. “Hmm. Tell her I said I’ll even walk you to your car, just to be extra safe.”
“Cas, please, please, I gotta—I need,
Why the hell couldn’t Dad have just mailed that goddamn letter?
Castiel’s smirk goes lopsided and he raises one eyebrow as he spreads his legs in invitation, puts the hard ridge of his cock pushing up against the silver zipper of his dark wash jeans on display—and Dean reluctantly admits to himself it’s a hell of a display. “Maybe you should help me out. Brittany—” his brow furrows, “Bethany? B-something, was just about to get to the best part when you interrupted. I think you owe me.”
Dean let out a shaky breath, “Yeah. Yes, sir, I can do it. Please fuck me. Want it—want you so bad.”
“If your information's right,” Dean pointed out. Sam shrugged a shoulder, conceding. Sighing Dean reached for the rope. “It's the best we’ve got.”
There was unmistakable lust in Cas’s eyes as he twisted the star to unlock the clasp and wrapped the cuff around Dean’s wrist. Dean felt Cas’s gaze on his face while he watched Cas’s deft fingers twist the locking mechanism closed. Heat prickled beneath Dean's skin, some primal omega part of him that wanted to be claimed given permission to submit. He licked his lips.
ain't got nothin’ to do with it Sam. It's just how it is. Just—leave it alone, okay?” Dean interrupted, resigned and tired, just done with this whole conversation. This whole thing, actually.
“Yeah,
“Just say you missed me too, already.”
He’d known that for so long though, it wasn’t new. Being allowed to touch—that definitely was. His thumb rubbed absently against the bare skin of Dean’s forearm, and goosebumps rose up in his wake. Dean’s scent went heady; spicy and dark. Fire instantly ignited in Cas's veins. His breath stuttered, and he fought to keep himself still, to keep things light and let Dean show him what he wanted.
He loves that first slow drag in of Castiel's scent after a weekend spent practically in withdrawal from it. He loves getting to see Castiel refreshed and bright-eyed and clean shaven.
to be seen. No one talked to him, no one even noticed him. That was the way it needed to be. He might not've
He slowly made the rounds, the back wall was … interesting, if a little over Dean's head. Large equipment he wasn't very familiar with and smaller things he was. Very rapidly, he learned that
Sam ducked his head. "Looks like."
And God, was waiting worth it.
Castiel seethes while he eats his too dry PB&J and most definitely does
Lately, he’s leaning much further toward dread on the spectrum. It's getting harder and harder to handle the way that Castiel clearly doesn't like him.
Just below his hairline at the back of his neck, Cas’s hand settled and squeezed gently. Soothing some of the nerves that were fluttering in Dean’s stomach and replacing them with warm reassurance, Dean's muscles relaxed.
Silently, Cas closed the door. He followed Dean toward the kitchen, heat prickling at the back of his neck and creeping into his cheeks. “I might have burned dinner,” he confessed morosely.
“Ready whenever you are, Dean,” voice thick with a double entendre he doesn’t miss but chooses not to comment on.
good.
Crossing his arms and tearing his gaze away from the direction of the house, Dean gives her a dirty look. “I—hey! I am
“Dean—” he tried to ask if Dean wanted to stop or slow down, but Dean cut him off with a hot swirl of his tongue around Cas's.
“And you tried to convince me you were boring,” Cas scoffed. Dean pressed into it as Cas’s fingers ran through his hair, massaging his scalp. “We could do this and then watch a Tremors marathon every week with takeout and I’d call it a fantastic date.”
Wings flaring out intimidatingly large, it blocked out the stars and moon with its massive body as it kicked its front hooves at him, growling again. Dean leapt back, barely keeping hold of the rope, staring wide-eyed up into flashing cerulean eyes. His heart knocked against his ribcage, and he struggled with his adrenaline fueled urge to run. No amount of time spent in battle against Stormridge soldiers had prepared him for facing down a furious shadowlight.
“Cas,” Dean whined, dragging his teeth over Cas’s bottom lip.
Right. Windows. Cas went and pushed up the big window in his living room that led to the fire escape, which inspired him to go grab the still smoking pan, and set it out there to cool down.
He manhandles Dean over to the far side of the car, out of the way, and finds his jeans, handing over the lube before discarding them. Cas turns around and arranges himself so that he's got one knee wedged against the back of the seat, his other foot on the floorboards, bent over with his ass in the air, forearms braced against the door, and Dean's thoughts short circuit.
By the time they made it to Dean’s bedroom Dean’d lost his belt, left behind at the top of the stairs. Dean's boots and socks went next just inside of his door after Dean had flicked on the light switch, and any other time, Cas would’ve had Dean stop there. Would’ve slowly savored stripping him down and teasing him until he begged, but right now Cas was already too worked up. He needed to take a moment before he got to put his hands on miles of bare freckled skin that he’d only dreamed of before then.
It was unnerving, how easy this whole thing had gone down, Dean mused as they trudged through the woods, and up to the stone wall of the guard tower.
Cas nodded and said goodbye. He tried not stare as Dean walked away, but wound up doing it anyway. The bottom of Dean's leather jacket left just enough room for him to check out the bottom half of Dean's perky ass. A pang of hunger clawed in his stomach and he fought down the urge to catch up to Dean. Slow, he reminded himself. The emptiness in his gut hissed back at him, but he ignored it.
Dean retreats to his own office, and Castiel’s anger kicks up another notch over the fact that Dean wouldn’t even argue with him when he was being rude. Why is Dean so good at getting under his skin? Castiel can’t help that he feels so antagonistic toward Dean, it’s probably a natural part of losing out on the promotion to him, all because Castiel’s not an alpha. Dean’s inability to treat Castiel as he’d treat anyone else on the team is just making his dislike of him worse.
Dean didn’t bother correcting him. Someone had. He had; and it wasn’t the first time. “Can you have it ready for me tonight?”
"Hell, I already came this far," he told himself. "Might as well skim at least one."
And that one memorable time that Dean’d dropped down to his knees for him after backing Castiel up against the bumper. One time only, because the concrete’d been hell on Dean's knees.
a soulmate. He couldn't be that close to anyone, so whatever was coming the morning after this—Dean tried hard not to think about.
They both understood the reason Dean had done it—Bobby and Ellen couldn't afford to keep three children, though they'd never said as much, Dean had seen the way they struggled to make ends meet. Even then, they'd tried to convince Dean to stay, and when they couldn't Bobby had hugged him misty-eyed on the day he'd left for training and told him in a hushed voice he was proud of him, and to make sure he came back.
How was Dean’s brain supposed to function when he was looking at that all
can go. No harm, no foul.”
They’re back in Castiel’s lavish apartment for the night, alarms set and doors locked, when Dean comes to his decision. The next time Castiel hits on him, Dean’s gonna go with it. His chance doesn’t take much time to come along.
“Hey,” Dean replied, moving to sit beside him. “Did you make me a pie?”
“Good idea,” Cas replied, voice low and seductive.
“I'm gonna call it.” To Sam he said, “Stick with Jo. Cas and I are gonna go scout around. Retrieve his bolts if it's clear. Get Benny ready to go, and we'll get back to the ’cycles as soon as we're done. Might as well see if there's anything here worth taking while you're at it.”
Cas’s hand smoothed over the lace of Dean’s panties, tugging, squeezing one cheek and then the other. “Your ass is exquisite. I’m sure you’ve been told so before, but…”
“You… uh, you haven't? Wait—You… you do?”
restraint. “But if you're Dean I did run into your brother.”
The night before, when he’d brought up the thing that was going on between them, he hadn’t missed the spike of anxiety in Cas’s scent before he’d rushed to reassure him that he was thinking of a short fling. That unreadable look in Cas’s eyes like he was examining Dean closely to make sure he wasn’t looking for more. Dean blew out a sigh and reached for his phone on the nightstand. He brought up his messages to Sam and sent a new one,
“Guys!” Sam called up the stairs.
“It won’t,” Cas replied, hands held defensively in front of him. “Trust me, it won’t.” Balthazar still looked mildly skeptical. “So, are you going to help me, or not? I have the stencil ready, I just need those magic hands.”
“Nah. I'm gonna take Benny and Jo, you stay back in case someone's gotta patch us up after,” Dean said with a smile to reassure him.
Hey guys! Sorry it's been awhile. I come bearing an update! Yay!!
“Good morning, Castiel,” Mr. Adler says, a smile stretching across his smarmy face, and Castiel greets him in return with a smile that he knows appears genuine. Castiel knows how to play this game well enough. “So, I know you were hoping for news today about the promotion to division head….”
“Except that his birthday was in September and he hasn't said a word to me since then, so.…”
Cas rubs his nose against Dean's. “Promise?”
“Dean? What's goin’ on? Who’s that?” she called.
He let Dean guide him into a lazy, satisfied kiss, pressing heavy down over Dean. Cas’s whole body was buzzing, glowing, and he ran an easy hand through Dean’s hair. Loving the warmth of Dean underneath him, Cas smiled, and from the way Dean’s fingers kept skimming over his back and along his arms, he liked it just as much.
Laughing, Dean pecks him on the cheek and steps back. “When don't you?”
“This is impossible,” Cas whispers, gaze travelling over every inch of Dean's skin, fingers itching to reach out and reassure himself.
Before he's even fully got his bearings, Cas spreads his fingers over Dean's asscheeks, massaging them, then he digs the tips of his fingers in to pull them apart. The first brush of Cas's tongue sparks brightly along Dean's nerves, the scrape of stubble against his ass so fucking perfect. “Oh, God. Oh, God.”
“Okay,” Dean said. “So I’m a phoenix. What’s that mean?”
Sam's sleeping in his room, and Jack is watching Scooby Doo on Sam's laptop, but he's sitting in Dean's room. It's clear that Jack misses Dean acutely and Cas's chest tightens as he stands in the doorway. Jack's got one of Dean's pillows hugged to his chest and his eyes are glued on the screen. It hurts. Not just because Cas misses Dean, too—though he does with a fierceness that rivals when Sam and Dean were locked away and he couldn't find them—but because Jack and Sam are hurting, as well.
He ruffled his hand through his hair and said, “Just asking. Not like you have anyone else to talk to, so you might as well talk to me. Plus I care, Dean.”
Their expedition proceeded peacefully for some time. The suburb they'd begun to loot seemed to be as deserted as it first appeared. Houses stood empty, some contained supplies that hadn't been picked over yet. They found half-full bottles of antibiotics, cold and flu medicines, pain relievers. There were canned goods, and a few shelf-stable pantry items that hadn't spoiled.
Cas's clear blue eyes were bright with amusement, and the eyeliner he was wearing just made them all the more breathtaking. The black long sleeve shirt he was wearing was rolled up to his elbows, and Dean got a little lost as he stared at the tattoo that that wrapped around Cas's right wrist. Silhouetted earth and trees with a dark blue background that faded gradually, a few silhouetted birds that were taking flight.
Both of Sam’s eyebrows climbed his forehead, eyes widening. “Are you sure? I mean, I’ve only ever read myths about them. Most people don’t even believe they’re real how do you know—”
A smile broke out on Dean's lips. “Morning.”
A week after Dean saw it
Sam read him like a book and apparently took pity, “You take the upstairs.”
The problem with that, he learned, was that kids like him had a hard time keeping control of how they felt and that was normal. Kids didn't have the tools, Dr. Lafitte had told him, to control themselves the way they needed to in order to keep their powers from activating accidentally.
“I—” Dean looked up at him, eyes Bambi wide and cheeks flushed, lips bitten red. And Cas almost said fuck it, he almost scrapped everything he knew about himself, crossed the room to the couch Dean was sitting on and crawled into his lap. He held back by the tiniest paper-thin scrap of control.
So Dean does it again, rubs more firmly over the spot he's found and listens to Castiel’s breathing tremble, watches the stuttering of his hips like he can’t decide whether to push into it or pull away from how good it feels.
“We have all night, right?” Cas asked breathlessly, his hot, hard cock grinding in the groove of Dean's thigh. Dean hummed agreement, the need to come already pushing at the edges of his awareness. God, Cas was good at this. “Then let me. I want to see you lose it for me Dean. I want to feel you come… and I want to hear what you sound like while I can still focus on it.” He bit below Dean's ear, just shy of pain, and Dean thrusted up into his tightening grip, panting. “Can you do that for me?”
Smiling warmly, Cas trails his fingers over Dean's scruffy jaw and thumbs over his cheekbones. “Love you too. Now get going. I've got things to write.”
Hahaha. I got so excited about
Cas's hand cupped the weight of his balls before it slid further forward between Dean's legs. “Yeah, fuck, I can—” Cas's fingers curled around the base of Dean's dick, “Yes, sir, God, anything, Cas.”
Ambivalently, Cas shrugged. “You can learn a lot from a person's favorite music. And maybe I’d like to check yours out.”
Eventually, Dean had to admit the odds of any of that happening were infinitesimally low. Cas wasn't gonna talk to him in the first place. He hadn't yet, and as far as Cas probably knew this was just any other day. There was nothing special about it to anyone who didn't know Dean.
“Dude,” Sam protested, eyes narrowed at him. “Get some new material.”
It was just the way he’d pictured it. By morning it’d be healed and he could show Dean. Hopefully it would help him convince Dean to give them a chance. Because it’d happened gradually, but Dean’d gotten under his skin.
Sam’s eyes narrowed at him, and Dean suppressed a grin. He probably shouldn't be pushing it, since Sam had yet to complain about whatever this thing Dean had going on with Cas was. Maybe he’d get lucky and Sam would just repress this whole awkward moment.
He glanced over at Sam again, mouth half-open on a question he never got to ask, ‘cause Sam cut him off with an irritated, “Dude, I’m
At school Dean was invisible. People didn't see him and he didn't
that? Its sharp claws and massive teeth gleamed in the sunlight filtering through the canopy. Whatever it was, he’d almost taken it to the face. Thank fuck Cas was so observant. He glanced to his right and left, making sure Benny and Jo noticed. They had, and they adjusted their search to compensate, checking the foliage too as they went.
He was starting to run low on bolts, but he hadn't had time to retrieve any yet. He hoped he had enough.
Hell or high water. Whatever was waiting at the end of all this, it'd never take away this shining, perfect moment in Dean's life. And if he was lucky, and he liked to think he was, they'd face down any obstacle in their way. They'd survive this.
“Do you, or do you not think Dean has a hard enough time without you making him the center of attention he doesn't want?” Charlie asked slowly as if Cas was a particularly recalcitrant child she needed to explain something to.
Sam said cheerfully after he picked up.
He peeled Dean out of his shirt and let it fall to the floor. A half-second’s glance at Dean's bare chest was enough for a quickflash of lust to sear in his gut before Dean dove back in for another desperate kiss. Cas’s hands sought out his naked skin, skimmed up his back and gripped at his shoulders to force him closer. Friction and Dean, and he felt like a clumsy sixteen year old, too worked up to exercise any kind of control, but he needed this to last. He needed to
“Please,” Cas sighed.
an elemental.
The letters were on the kitchen table in between him and Sam, like an elephant in the room. Glass tumblers in front of both of them that’d already been topped up twice with Johnnie Walker. Dean’s stomach was warm with the alcohol, cheeks on fire. Miserable tension that no amount of drinking themselves stupid was gonna ease.
After a few moments, Dean rolled off of him, onto his back, and Cas kissed him soft and easy into his afterglow. The slick sound of Cas’s hand on his own cock, however, roused Dean, and he pushed at Cas until he was the one lying flat. Dean wrapped his hand around the base of Cas’s cock where his knot was rapidly swelling.
You gotta.” Cas had to do this for him. He had to let him go. Dean poured every last bit of his desperate pleading into his gaze, begging Cas with words and without. “Cas, sweetheart, please.”
damn day, man. So go already.”
but he figures that's what Cas is looking for anyway, so he nods.
Smooth. Internally, he rolled his eyes at himself and moved out of the way, so that Dean could get into his locker.
The last thing he needed right then was for Sam to catch him practically dry fucking his best friend back here. He straightened his hair and did his best to adjust himself in his pants while Cas attempted to smooth out the wrinkles Dean had left in his shirt. There wasn't much they could do about the way they smelled. Sam was definitely gonna notice that. The air between them was stilted, tense.
“How are you doing?” Cas asked, fingers over the small of Dean's back spread wide and grounding.
A flash of movement caught his eye and he glanced up to see Dean stretch out his back,  the muscles in his arms and shoulders standing out—and oh—Cas was going to die. Before this summer was over, he was going to die. And Dean Winchester, of the absurdly attractive face and broad shouldered thick arms with his perfectly salacious shorts and sly innuendos would be solely responsible for his coronary.
“If you would
“Good boy,” Cas praised and heat curled in Dean’s gut, a rush of slick he probably oughta be embarrassed over as Cas’s thumbs rubbed little circles into the cut of his hips, just above his pants.
Meticulously, Cas takes his suit off and hangs each piece of it up until he's left in a pair of black socks, because his feet get cold, and matching boxer briefs and that should be a total turn off—the socks thing—but it's not. It's really, really not. How does he look good in socks and goddamn underwear?
Castiel just raises an eyebrow at him before he curls his long fingers around Dean’s cock. He starts off slow, leaves gentle teasing kisses up the underside, and Dean’s fingers knot in his hair. Castiel groans his approval and sucks the head of Dean’s dick into his mouth. Easy, wet rolls of his tongue over the tip, and Dean’s thighs tremble.
His voice scraped deep and low and Dean liked it almost as much as he liked those eyes and that stubble on his cut glass jaw. This was work though, not play, and Dean needed to focus. He smiled, wide and friendly. "That's me. And you're Cas Novak, yeah? Joshua sent me the plans he drew up for you."
“Dean,” Cas grunted. And fuck, he liked the sound of Cas wrecked like that. Dean tilted his hips a little, angling himself, and Cas took full advantage, guiding his cock with one hand, slipping his other arm around Dean’s waist, holding him still. Dean’s breath burst out of him on a loud moan as Cas pressed inside, one long, long, stretching slide and he was buried deep, the wiry curls above his cock rasping against Dean’s ass.
Teeth dug into his bottom lip before Cas sucked away the sting, the press of his tongue into Dean's mouth dominant and sexy. Cas kissed him like he wanted to devour him, like there was nothing in the world more important than tasting—than
Before he knew it the bell had buzzed, effectively shutting down the good time Dean and Charlie were having. He studied Dean hastily shoving his stuff in his bag, a little flustered in his rush. Cute. God, Charlie was right, he had it bad. Dean's little fond glance back at him before he walked out of the cafeteria spread warmth in Cas's chest.
“I know you haven't got a clue what I'm talking about, but you're special. That's why your power is so much easier for you to call than it is for others.” She shrugged, flinging her her arms out, a half smile on her face that almost looked sympathetic before her eyes narrowed. “It's strong, older than you can imagine, and it's
I've had this sitting in my docs for ages, planning to make it into a full sized sequel but I just don't have the time right now, and might not any time soon. It makes a great little timestamp to this story though, so I wanted to share it with you guys.
Inside the library, Dean crept forward, leaving a trail of water behind him as he peered around book stacks, looking for Sam. He could've just called out for him, but it seemed much more poetic to catch him off guard and scare the crap out of him. At least so long as Sam's gun was still hanging off his shoulder by that ratty strap Dean kept buggin’ him to switch out.
Peeling away the plain blue wrapping paper, Cas reveals a 4x6 picture frame. It's a deep cherrywood, and Dean's sure it'll look perfect on the black nightstand by Cas's side of the bed. Inside of it is an old article from the local paper with the headline, 'Teen Paints Water Tower’ and it features a grainy black and white image of said water tower with Dean's declaration painted on it.
“Don’t expect much,” he warned Dean. “Where I live’s not exactly high class.”
Just then, Dean's stomach made its discontent known with a loud gurgle that made them both grin. “C’mon, let's go figure out what to eat.”
One second he was staring at snarling teeth and dangerous hooves, and the next a man stood before him, his lips set in a grim line, his dark hair tangled. Glowing blue eyes that haunted Dean’s nightmares were steadfastly focused on him.
“I told you I came to Sioux Falls on my way to explore what was left of the world, but that wasn't really true. I told myself it was, but really I was just looking for a way out. When Hannah got sick, she never stopped believing she'd get better.
All of the fight drained out of him and he allowed Sam to pull him out of the building, his agonized gaze on Dean every step of the way like he was trying to memorize everything about him. Dean let himself do the same.
or on twitter
“I like you most days,” Cas defensively replied, arms crossed.
His fingers grasped at the back of Cas’s t-shirt, the blunt edges of his nails scratching clear through the flimsy material of it. Sexy, and sweet, Dean was perfect.
He owns that big house with the wide wrap around porch and inside of it, his husband, his best friend, is waiting for him. He parks out front and gets out of the truck, staring up at the office window where Cas usually works. Sunlight reflects off the glass, and Dean breathes a slow breath.
Arousal heats Dean's cheeks, sparks in his gut, and he reaches out and tugs Cas backward until he's flush against him, his back to Dean's front, one of Dean's arms banded around his waist, his other hand cupping Cas's hip, thumbing the sharp line of his pelvis.
The pegasus twitched its ear, going stockstill for a moment. Then between one blink and the next it was gone and Dean was staring at an empty clearing. How did something that big move that fast? How had Dean missed it taking off?
He looked every bit as desperate as Cas felt. “You're so gorgeous,” Cas told him, voice fervent. Dean's eyes dropped and dark pink stained his cheeks again as his breathing hitched. Cas guided him to his feet with hands cupped on his cheeks. “You are, Dean.”
He dreads the moment Castiel notices him and his expression shutters, his eyes narrow a bit.
“Oh, you got it bad,” Charlie declared as she dropped into the chair Dean had just vacated. “I mean, I knew you had it bad when you started ditching us to hang out with him, but you're taking this whole lovesick puppy thing to a whole new level, dude.”
She cut him off, “Super shy, yeah, yeah. Give him notice so he can mentally prepare for the awesomeness that’s me. Look, he needs more friends than just you. So, let's break him in slow.”
“Help me keep an eye on Sam, yeah?”
He could still remember the look on Mom's face when she'd run into his room, the horror in her eyes as she'd looked at him. Dean could still smell the thick scent of smoke when he thought about that night and he remembered the way everything had gone from hazy slow motion to real time in a sudden rush of color and sound.
The rain had petered off though the sky remained starless, the moon blocked by thick clouds. Cas wouldn't have known where he was going if it wasn't for Dean leading him by the hand. Tingles of anticipation tickled up his arm, heat pooled in his gut.
Sam's eyes narrowed. “Like I said, Dean, not a whole lot of information out there on shadowlights that's reliable. Hell, I'm lucky I even found the spell, it was part of this old folk-tale and it was woven into the poem—”
“Never,” Dean confessed in a rush of breath as two of Cas's fingers pushed inside of him. A slow, easy glide all the way in, the stretch of it was perfect and hot, and
Anger swirls in Castiel’s belly, and his eyes narrow even further at Dean, “I don’t need you to make sure I eat. I’m an adult and I took care of myself for thirty years before you stepped foot in this building. Just because I’m an omega doesn’t mean I need you to care for me. Is that too hard for you to grasp, Mr. Winchester?”
Just like that, Dean's left panting into the couch cushions, struggling for composure that he's long since lost. Not that he ever has much around Cas anyway. He's wrung out and horny and fuck, he wants to come so damn badly that he can feel it—an insistent throb in his balls, begging for release.
Baby stretched into the contact and let out a little huff, her eyelids drifting half closed, her gaze steady on his face.
“You feel so good,” Cas breathes out, stretching forward, pressing their mouths together, slickly swirling his tongue around Dean's. “Fuck, Dean.”
“Tell me what you want,” he whispered, leaving little kisses along Dean’s jaw, from his chin up the hinge of it. Cas sucked and bit there, reveling in the sweet little gasps that he drew from Dean.
Cas’s answer came quickly and Dean was just pocketing his phone with a smile when another notification came in, this time from Sam,
And then Sam was suddenly there and he was the one dragging Cas outside, not the other way around, this sad look of determination on his face and Dean was grateful. So damn grateful. Love for both of them swelled up in his chest, and another tear slipped down his cheek.
Dean working for his dad, and taking odd jobs whenever he could to save up. How this place’d been so run down when he bought it that it was hardly liveable and working every spare moment he’d had to make it into a home with some help from his parents and Sam.
“Mmm,” Cas agrees, sounding blissed out and hazy.
Cas’s firm hand slid around Dean’s throat, up to cup his jaw as Cas’s other hand squeezed and caressed his ass, the skin tingling and hot beneath his touch. “You’re going to stay here, just like this while I get you ready,” Cas told him, voice hard and strained and fucking beautifully rough. “Then I’m going to have you kneel on the couch while I fuck you. I want you to look out the window, into the garden, that way every time you’re back there, you’ll be thinking of how this felt. How desperate and hard you were for me.”
Immediately, Dean's hands gripped just above the bends of his own knees, holding himself wide open for Cas, fucking gorgeous. Desire to please Dean, satisfy him, heightened Cas's awareness. He dug his fingers into the firm flesh of Dean's ass, thumbs dipping into the crease and revealing Dean's pretty pink hole dripping slick for him. “Fuck, baby,” Cas groaned, “you're so wet for me already. Should we see how much wetter I can get you?”
*****
Later that night evening Dean pours Cas a bath and makes him promise to wait upstairs while he sets up for their date. Sure, they could've gone somewhere fancy or had a party—it's their ten year anniversary after all—but Dean knows Cas has always preferred a night in.
He sighed heavily and pressed his forehead to the cool metal of his locker. Dean breathed in slow and deep to calm his racing heart. The prickle of eyes on him tingled at the back of his neck—unusual enough that Dean tensed at the feeling and whipped around to scan the hallway.
Sam was gaping at him, mouth hanging open. “What d’you mean it recognized you?”
Dean shrugged a shoulder in a yes-maybe gesture. “Cas, you still good back there?”
They'd just set their empty plates down on the coffee table and relaxed back into the couch when Cas glanced up at Dean. He had this soft, affectionate look on his face that made Cas's heart hastily stumble over itself. Dean's hand cupped his cheek, there was soft skin and the unhurried slide of Dean's thumb over the swell of Cas's bottom lip a second before his mouth followed. An easy press that hitched Cas’s breathing—just a slow brushing of sensitive lips together. Dean pulled back, and scrutinized Cas's eyes for a moment, then dove in again more forcefully.
Speaking of scents, Castiel takes a deep breath and melts into Dean a little more. Books and leather, and sunshine warmth blend perfectly with his own sweet scent. It’s like a bookstore with a bakery in it. The thought turns Castiel’s lips up in an uncharacteristically soft smile. He hopes he’ll get to smell it a lot more often.
Rolling his eyes and shifting on his feet Dean grumbled, “Well what is it, then?”
“Good, Cas. So good.” He still wasn’t quite ready for this feeling to be over. “Cas, please gimme more … please … please, sir?”
“Cas, you gotta talk to him. How long can you even go like this?” Charlie asked, horrified.
Later, after Cas kissed Dean through his afterglow, he took the time to study the blissed out, hazy satisfaction on Dean's face, his slitted, barely open bottle green eyes bright. He was stunning, arousing, painfully so. Cas managed to contain himself just long enough for Dean to recover before working him up again. It wasn’t long until he was watching Dean scramble a hand at his nightstand, searching for lube and condoms—apparently Dean was great at scavenging, because it’d been months since Cas’d seen either, not that he had anyone to use them with if he had—and tossed them both to him. Dean rolled over onto his stomach, face down, ass up, and even in the dark, Cas could tell how glorious the view was.
by the way. You should see how he looks at you when you're not looking,” she said, then huffed a sigh of her own. “I know you're not gonna take my advice because you're a stubborn asshole—but please, for the love of everything, think about it?”
Shrugging, Sam smirked. “I know you.”
There's another bang on the door and Sam flinches. “Cas,” he pleads.
Dean moaned into it, hips flexing up to press his cock insistently against Cas’s belly. The hard hot length of it ignited a fresh wave of need in Cas. He rubbed his lips along Dean’s jaw, the scrape of Dean's stubble left them tingling. “Gonna make you feel so good, Dean.”
Dean’s … different than Castiel had expected him to be. Better.
His hands in the top of Dean's hair force his head back, and then Cas kisses him, hot and demanding. Cas bites at Dean's bottom lip, and sucks the sting of it into a tingle of pleasure. Dean's dick fattens up, straining a little more against his jeans with every swirl of Cas's tongue, and when Cas pushes his hips forward, seeking contact, the hard press of his cock against Dean's belly jolts lust in a simmering arc straight to Dean's groin.
A half smile curled up on Sam’s lips, one dimple flashing. “Not bad.”
Cas dropped the card onto the couch in between them, hands moving to cup Dean’s jaw. “Dean, that’s incredible.” He leaned in and kissed Dean, a firm brush of their lips before he pulled back and gazed into Dean’s eyes. “You’re amazing.”
exhausted.
“A… story?” Dean asked, voice skeptical.
“It's okay, Ellen,” Dean gently said.
“Hmm,” Dean hummed as he sat up. Cas followed his lead and dressed himself in Dean’s now rumpled borrowed clothes.
Dean tamped down on a chuckle.
“You could always just leave it alone,” Sam cautioned.
Dean begged for all he was worth, stomach squirming with the faint traces of his embarrassment, except instead of making him want to stop, it just turned him on even more. There was a wet spot on the bed, and he could feel the slight tug from a string of precome still attached to the slit of his cock.
He sniffs himself carefully to check for any trace of his alpha scent clinging to him. He doesn’t find any thanks to the blocker he’d put on before leaving the house, but just in case he spritzes on a bit of neutralizer and then follows it up with a couple light dabs of cologne before stuffing both bottles into his brown leather messenger bag.
in this sexy broken whisper that Cas absolutely knew he’d spend the rest of his life fantasizing about.
Dean chants over and over in his head, bent over the arm of Cas's couch, still wearing every article of clothing he came over sporting, right down to the leather jacket that Cas has a fist clenched in, pushing his chest down against the cushions.
He released his grip on himself and leaned up, cupping the side of Dean’s neck and pressing their mouths together in a sensual slide of lips and tongues. Dean sucked hard at Cas’s tongue, like he was savoring the taste of himself there. Reluctantly, Cas pulled back and rested with their foreheads together. “Next time, okay? I’ll pick us up some condoms and I’ll fuck you next time if that’s what you want.”
Once he showed Dean where the shower was, he gathered up a change of clothes for himself, and set up his laptop on the coffee table. He put popcorn in the microwave and waited for his turn in the shower.
When he's the one fucking Dean, the mouth on him would give a sailor a run for his money, but like this? He gets overwhelmed by sensation, and Dean gets off on the fact that he's the only one who gets to do that to Cas. He's the only person who can reduce Cas's extensive vocabulary to this.
Castiel’s throat goes dry and he takes a single step back when all he wants to do is walk straight forward into Dean’s arms. Desire is thrumming under his skin like strings strung too tightly, and he’s only got so much control left in him. Dean’s eyes are locked on his, and he’s hanging on by a thread too, the tension in his body clearly visible.
Smugly, Dean’s lips curled into a teasing smile. “Evidence says I can.”
He squeezes Cas's bicep a little, grinning, and notices the square patch beneath his palm again. “Hey, what's up with this? D’you get hurt or somethin’?”
he is.
Dean slid his fingertips just slightly beneath the waistband of Cas's underwear. “Is this okay?”
Through everything, Dean's been there, cheering him on every step of the way. Encouraging him to make friends—like Charlie—encouraging him to discover a job that he's passionate about … just encouraging him. Where would Castiel be without him? What would his life even look like right now?
Then two of Cas’s fingers, warm and somehow perfectly slick, pressed firm circles around Dean’s rim. And fuck, oh God, he didn’t know what he’d expected, but those vibrant sparks of sensation were so much better than he'd imagined. For a while, Cas just teased Dean like that, working him up to a fevered pitch with hardly any effort.
Back in his living room, boots kicked off again, he found Dean curled up in the corner of the couch, a small smile on his face and his phone in his hand.
Dean laughed and ducked his head, “Yeah, probably.”
They take the Impala at Cas's request. “You don't get to drive it as much as you used to,” he says softly, “and I miss it too.”
She chuckled at his expression, and then her eyes widened in recognition which was impossible because he’d never met her before. “Holy shit. You’re Dean Winchester.”
me. I’m not gonna make you,” Dean trails off, eyes cutting to the floor.
His relationship with his brother was already on shaky ground though. It was only in the months after the war when Sam had moved to Shepherd's Bend that they'd really begun repairing it. The old pain of Dean leaving him behind with Bobby and Ellen when he'd signed up with the Guard at sixteen still simmered below the surface.
Logically, hunching his shoulders wasn't gonna do jack all to make him smaller, but it was mostly unconscious and whenever he did notice himself doing it, he didn't really care to correct it.
So turned on that he was barely thinking straight, Dean shuddered. Cas leaned closer, lips right next to Dean’s ear as he quietly said, “But maybe sometime we can play and I’ll show you everything I can do.”
“Don’t mind me,” Cas said, “keep doing your breathing thing, we can talk after.”
“No way,” he said, sounding awed. “You just… with a
“What do you like? What do you want?” Cas asked, deep blue eyes so intensely curious and focused, all on Dean. He squirmed under the attention, his face warming.
Dean shoots him a glare, adjusting himself in his nice dark wash jeans. “You're a tease, y’know that?”
“Sam, what the hell?” Dean grumbled angrily. “I told you to stay behind.”
“Jesus, Cas!” he exclaimed, one hand clutched to his chest like a chick in a B-movie horror flick as his heart raced with sudden adrenaline. Thanks to the cleaners he’d used, he hadn’t even smelled Cas before he’d scared the shit out of him.
Oddly charmed, Cas shook his head. “Nothing.”
When John had found out, he’d been over the moon. He’d laughed excitedly and kissed her breathless and then he’d dropped to his knees and pressed a gentle kiss to her stomach—told her he was saying hi to the little guy and her heart melted all over again at those gorgeous eyes filled with love.
The little smile on Cas’s lips widened just before he disappeared from view. Dean tipped his head back, eyes closed, a thrum of want humming under his skin. God, he really hoped Cas would be down for some mutual relieving of tension once Sam headed home. At least the thought gave him something to look forward to.
He wanted to convince Dean that he was fine, that they were good. Nothing would do that but time, unfortunately, so Cas kissed Dean's forehead sweetly. “Why don't you take first dibs on the shower, and I'll find you a change of pants?” he offered.
“I know,” Dean admitted, heart beating a little faster at the honesty in Cas’s voice. “It’s just … embarrassing.”
Arousal jolts straight down to Cas's groin, and he groans, tipping his head back. “You're an ass,” he breathes as Dean opens the door and ducks outside.
“Please,” he pants, head dropping back to rest against the door, neck bared in a submission so complete that Castiel audibly gasps.
Dean follows Cas's instructions to the letter, crawling up onto the mattress and sprawling out with his hands above his head. Then he waits. And waits. Every second ticking by seems to draw out longer until he stops trying to count the seconds and just lets himself relax.
So what'd you think? ;) Don't forget to leave kudos or a comment if you enjoyed this. <3
You’d think that they’d all see him for what he was. They were, after all, the people who saw the most of him. They were the people who’d been there the night he’d proven just how truly broken he was, how toxic.
“Did you read everything?” Cas asked as Dean brought him over to the couch.
They both cracked up, and then Balthazar looked up at him with a glare. “Hold still, Cas. Almost done. I love how fast watercolors go.”
“Fu-fuck, Cas,” Dean groaned. “Yeah.”
“Kindergarten. I know,” Dean said, then flushed a little. Cas's smile spread into a real one, because Dean had just pretty much admitted to being aware of him for a long, long time.
Cas's smirk when Dean raises his gaze to look at his face says he knows exactly what Dean's thinking about. “Ready for me?” he asks.
“Good m—” Dean sucked and nipped at the patch of skin his lips rested against, and Cas's words cut off with a hot groan that sent a jolt of arousal straight to where Dean realized he was hard against Cas's ass. At the same time, Cas seemed to notice too, because he pushed back into it, grinding slowly against him and Dean was the one groaning then.
Like the blushing virgin he pretty much was, Dean’s teeth dug into his bottom lip as his eyes fluttered closed. “I trust you.”
When they finally parted for good, Dean’s face was flushed, his lips dark enough that Cas had to reign in the arousal simmering in his gut.
Cas’s gaze lingered on Dean a moment longer and then he turned to Sam, “I’m going to head home to get cleaned up as well. I’ll meet you at Paradise Garden Memorial?”
He stuck his tongue out at her and Dean’s gaze immediately fell to the pink flash of his tongue as it swiped over his lip ring on the way back in. Dean's cheeks burned bright red and he quickly turned back to his locker. Quietly, he slapped his palm onto the cool surface and started his morning ritual again, this time quite a bit less calmly.
Once he'd finished, he slipped into his brown leather tunic, a cotton shirt, and topped those with his chainmail and plated skirt. It was routine by now, getting on his chestplate, backplate, and pauldrons, steel gleaming in the morning sun that filled his room.
“Hannah was my twin. We had an older brother too, Gabriel.” Cas's voice was wrecked.
An arrow whizzed past him before Dean even noticed the monster silently stalking them. His eyes went wide when it dropped from a tree branch a few feet in front of him. What the hell even
Five minutes on the dot he knocks on the door and says, “Time’s up, let’s go.”
Dean smiled to himself as he opened the front door of their house. The second he was inside, the scent of Cas and the smell of homemade apple pie filled his senses. His smile widened into a grin as he set the white envelope he was carrying down onto the hardwood floor so he could unlace his boots.
Hot—Cas’s mouth is so fucking hot when it opens, sucking wet kisses along Dean's shaft, licking at him, saliva soaking through Dean's panties. He can't help the way his hips wriggle up into it, but he keeps his hands over his head, because Cas didn't say he could touch no matter how much Dean wants to slide his hands into all that thick dark hair.
“If you’re not going to meditate at least come sit with me so we can talk,” Cas suggested, and that feeling in Dean's chest sank like a rock. Ice-water reminding him that he didn’t deserve to be in the same space as Cas, let alone to talk with him after what he’d done. “Hey. Cut it out and come back here.”
There it was. The house they’d grown up in. Dean pulled his reliable Toyota Corolla into the space next to his dad’s Impala. He frowned at the dings and scratches that marred her paint job as he climbed out of his car.
“Hello, Dean.”
“I’m sure I can handle pb&j sandwiches Dean. I do feed myself on occasion,” he replied, more amused than offended.
Oh, except… well… Cas’d had his birthday back in September. Dean’d been in the cafeteria when Charlie Bradbury smashed a cupcake in Cas's face while she loudly sang Happy Birthday to him, much to the amusement of nearly everyone in the room.
“You comin’ or are you gonna go curl up at Sam’s?” he asked, taking a few steps backward towards the woods and watching the perplexed, torn expression she made.
Castiel hums and the vibration sets off sparks of pleasure that race along Dean’s skin and settle tight in his gut. He’s close—really goddamn close. The shape of his orgasm forming low in his belly. He’s sweaty and trembling and suddenly he’s aware that Castiel is jerking off. It’s like an inferno beneath his skin … the knowledge that sucking him off got Castiel so goddamn turned on that he's already gunning for a second orgasm.
“Yeah?” Dean asked.
“I thought that was a given but if you must know I did miss you.”
“Mmnn… I…” Dean gulped in air, squeezing his eyes shut and trying not to squirm. “Please, Cas. I—I need you to touch my cock. Please.”
“Dean, it’s fine,” he huffed as he motioned for him to sit, following suit right after.
Dean winced. No wonder Cas had lost it at him out there. “Cas, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.”
For fuck’s sake. Just strike him dead, what the hell happened to his level of smooth from five god damned minutes ago? “No. I mean—yes, I don’t.” Son of a bitch. “I was, uh, I was asking about you? I’m single. Super single.”
Cas nodded. “I think that's a good idea.” His cheeks pinked up and he rolled over more fully to face Dean. “I don't know what your plans are after graduation—”
“Well,” she said as she tucked a short strand of wavy blonde hair behind her ear, “I had a rough night.” There were dark purple shadows under her eyes that Dean hadn't noticed until she said it. “I kept thinking about how little you used to be. Remember that shirt you practically lived in for a year?”
Shaking and moaning, Dean pushes back against the orgasm rapidly rushing toward him. He can't—he's not allowed, but fuck Cas's tongue is slipping in and out of him, swirling around his rim, and he's so close. “Fuck, love your mouth, Cas. Love … God, I love your mouth,” his voice comes out raspy and broken, barely holding himself back.
Castiel's got him shoved up against Dean's closed door, a thick, solid thigh wedged between Dean's legs and pressing hot against Dean's hard cock while he sucks at Dean's lips and dips his tongue past them. And fuck, it feels so damn good to finally get to have this, that Dean forgets his reservations and surrenders to the demand in Castiel's kisses, in his touch.
“Dean!” Cas's eyes were wet and he hesitated.
Cas slowly bites down on his bottom lip and stretches, back arching, arms splayed out above his head as his legs fall apart. A wicked grin replaces his smirk, and Dean groans even though he
“I don’t know,” Cas admitted.
He slammed the door shut and bolted it before Cas could finish whatever lie he was about to spill. Let him stew for the night, realize how truly trapped he was, and then Dean would interrogate him first thing in the morning.
What followed that terrible night was awful weeks of nightmares as he worked with a specialist in premature power manifestation. Dr. Lafitte was the one who’d carefully explained to Dean what'd happened that night. Most people didn't develop the ability to call their power until they reached puberty. Every once in awhile though, someone defied expectations and manifested early.
Dean's voice rose in pitch, his hand curling in Cas's hair. “Want you,” he tugged Cas's hair, pulled him off and guided him lower.
Sam pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. “Yeah but…” he trailed off arms flapping down to his sides uselessly. He examined Dean's face for a moment then nodded his head toward the back. “I need to sit down for this and it sounds like this is gonna be the kind of conversation you're not gonna want to be totally sober for.”
“Oh yeah?” she asked. “Doesn't look like nothing important. C’mon, Cas. Spill.”
*****
“That’s the plan,” Dean said again. Even if they scouted it first, their odds were shit. Ten to one they were gonna be outnumbered, outgunned—considering they had no guns, that was a given—out maneuvered. The only thing Dean figured they had on their side, was that they were ten minutes early, and they had the element of surprise. Whatever that counted for. “Just remember, I distract them, you get Sam. Then we’ll all get out.”
Cas’s brow creased. “I… shouldn’t you know the answer to that? Do you?”
"Will it make you feel better if I come in and get a drink even though I've got a water bottle?"
“Hey, check that out,” Sam said when they exited an empty home, indicating a large wooden cross listing sideways in the backyard of a house further down the road. Out front, a lampost was doing the same. “Wonder if they thought it would protect them?”
Mouth set in a grim line, Dean shook his head. “No, I can't.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Suddenly Cas's hands locked around Dean’s wrists and he tugged them away from his face. “You're not dumb,” Cas said fiercely, and Dean looked up into his narrowed blue eyes, conviction in his voice and on his face. “You didn't have all of the facts. That's not a crime.”
"If I was spoiling you, I could think of better things than a drink and some shade," Cas said, then froze, the tips of his ears going red, pink spreading across his cheeks.
“Like what?”
“Fuck, you're so tight, Dean. So hot,” Cas slowly rolled his hips and Dean let out a whine as his cock slid out a bit, and then right back in. “Mmm. I know. God, you feel good.” He pressed a kiss to Dean's back and shifted on his knees a little, both hands moving to hold on hard to Dean's hips.
The damp spot in his satiny panties chafes a little against the head of his dick as he climbs the stairs. Biting down on his bottom lip, he crawls into Cas's meticulously made bed.
He fucks himself back onto Dean’s knot, his ass slapping into Dean’s pelvis, jiggling with each impact, moans torn from his throat like he doesn’t wanna give them up.
Jo picked off two, Benny and Dean each got one, Cas bagged four, and by the sound of gunfire all around the woods, the others were working their way through whatever these were too. It was damn lucky these things didn’t seem too smart, ’cause there were enough of them that they could’ve overwhelmed them.
He rolled his hips forward into Dean's. A dirty grind of friction that set off sparks behind Dean's closed eyes. Harshly, Dean panted into Cas's mouth, and fuck, he wanted Cas. Wanted Cas to bend him over right here and fuck him. There had to be condoms here, right?
Could he be any more perfect? All dark lashes and freckles and naked desire in every line of his body. Softly, Cas raked his hand through Dean’s hair and settled his palm on the base of his neck, “Go ahead.”
Shifting to lay his chest down between Dean's legs, propping himself up on his elbows, Cas groans. “Missed being inside you too,” he admits, nose sliding over the length of Dean's cock.
He'll take all of it.
“Baby, what did he do to you?” he ran his hand lovingly over the car’s hood, and softly murmured, “Don’t worry, sweetheart, I’m gonna fix you up and take you home.”
“Did you enjoy what you read?”
Dean’s eyes grew wide and his mouth went dry when he saw Cas, because Cas was goddamn hot in the tight black pants and crisp white short-sleeve button-up shirt he was wearing. Did he mention the harness? Three black leather straps with silver buckles across his abdomen starting just above his belly button and the last one just shy of his pecs. A strap on each side that crossed all the three belts and up over his shoulders like ridiculously sexy suspenders.
good. Never had been. Dean’d always been too selfish for that. But he appreciated the sentiment. “Thanks, Ellen.”
His apartment felt a little less suffocating for some reason after their exchange. And considering that he was staring down at a meticulous likeness of Dean's face—he didn't really have to wonder why. It was kind of amazing and terrifying that a few little texts and a playlist from Dean could evoke such a reaction from Cas. He tiredly rubbed a hand over his face and stretched from his position curled up on the couch.
“God, Cas,” Dean moaned.
in a comment on this fic. It so perfectly fit the story that I cried like a baby, and then stayed up until 4:30 a.m. writing this timestamp because feelings. Lol.
The breathy sexy sounds Castiel’s making spark along Dean’s skin like firecrackers, make him almost as needy as the slick flooding his mouth. He wants to be inside of Castiel so fucking bad, and he’ll do whatever Castiel wants to get there.
Cas smiled back at him, eyes a little tight. Maybe it was a bad idea to come here. He could faintly scent nervousness on Cas. “Oh. And … what do you think of my store?” he gestured around with one hand. “Well, mine and Charlie's,” he elaborated.
Cas must’ve heard Dean’s sharp inhale of breath, because his eyes lifted immediately to Dean’s face as he sat back, paper in his left hand. With his right, he cupped Dean’s cheek and reassuringly rubbed his thumb over Dean’s cheekbone. “Is there something you’re nervous about?”
Not today and not when Cas is waiting at home for him. His lips tug up into a smile, and Jo’s face breaks out into a grin like she already knows she’s won.
Inside each door was a cell equipped with a twin bed, an enchanted chamber pot, and nothing else. Choosing one at random, he shoved Cas inside. Fury bubbled up in his chest as Cas took in his surroundings with a confused look on his face, as if he had no idea what was happening or why he was here.
He crested with a blazing rush of pleasure, writhing beneath Dean, shaking. Dean's hips faltered, ground deep into him, and he moaned with his face buried in Cas's shoulder.
“Dean, you didn't, though,” Cas soothes, and it's not like this is the first time Dean's gotten a little teary with intense play, it's just that he doesn't know
Dean raised his eyebrows, a sardonic grin pulling at his lips. “And you chose Sioux Falls for your greatest hits world tour?”
Dean in his black tux and blue bow-tie because although he'd said he didn't care what Castiel chose for their wedding, he'd made an off-hand comment about blue like Castiel's eyes. The way Dean had looked at him during their vows, love and joy shining in his eyes, and in the curve of his lips. Lips that Castiel had tasted in short order, accompanied by raucous cheers.
Heat coiled tight in his gut, every thrust ratcheting up the tension in his body until he was so close he could taste his orgasm right there—flames of it licking up his spine. “Cas, please, I'm gonna—fuck—Can I come? Please, sir, God, I need to—”
hard to get at your power, but you can't, Dean. These wards—they all work in conjunction to
Lost in thought, Dean finished up his breakfast and then excused himself from the table. He went back upstairs and grabbed his homework from where he'd left it on the desk in his room and stuffed it in his backpack. A huge part of him wanted to crawl back into the warmth and comfort of his bed, curl up under his navy blue blanket instead of going to school, but he couldn't so he trudged back downstairs.
Two lube soaked fingers push into him moments later and Dean loves the burn of it. Twisting and scissoring, plunging deep, Cas knows just how to touch Dean, just how to make it so fucking good. Sweat’s beaded up all over him, and it drips from his skin, tickling as it rolls down his sides, down his neck. “Please, Cas, please, fuck … ah … ah, fuck me.”
Nervously, Dean bit his lip and nodded. He started with the least intimidating wall: the left one. He brushed his fingers over a pair of black leather pants crafted to look like jeans, and he couldn't help but picture Cas in them. From behind him, Cas quietly said, “I own a pair of those. If you're considering them, I personally enjoy them.”
“I… uh, didn’t wanna leave these on the floor, so—” Cas focused enough to notice that Dean was holding his dirty clothes. He willed the sudden rush of his blood south away… not that it helped much, and didn’t that just make his pants extra uncomfortable. Gross.
Slowly, Cas pulled back with a grin and said, “See. World didn’t end.”
intense, and they were wholly focused on him, and for a moment there were absolutely no thoughts making the journey from his brain to his mouth.
Whether it was meant for Castiel or himself, Dean’s got no idea. Either way it’s kind of true. He shuts the door behind her and hits the lock button on the doorknob. “Get yourself together, Your
Lemme know what you think in the comments, or come visit me on tumblr
Just as fast as it started, it was over. Cas stepped back like he’d been scalded, and he guiltily glanced to his left. Dean’s brain cells kicked in with just enough time to hear Sam calling his name around the corner and register that Cas’d heard him the first time Sam'd shouted for him. Shit.
“I get it,” Cas said softly. “If it gets to be too much, I'll tell her to go, okay?”
“Fine,” Sam replied, as he glanced in the door. “Do I even wanna know what it looked like before?”
Uh. Dean’s cheeks heated and he had to look away. “Yeah—uh, well… meditation’s not exactly a… uh, spectator sport.”
The next several slaps landed harder, and Dean moaned each time, cock throbbing. Cas’s hand smoothed over his ass in a gentle rub that burned slightly and set off sparks under Dean's skin. His senses narrowed down to the feel of Cas’s rough palm.
Dean chuckles, fingers scratching through Castiel's hair, looking gorgeous and extremely kissable—but then when doesn't he? “She does," Dean confirms.
Tears sting at the corners of Dean's eyes and spill over his cheeks. He almost—he almost—his breath catches on a sob, and then Cas rolls him easily over onto his back, his thumbs brushing under Dean's eyes, wiping the tears away. “Shhhh, you're okay. You did so good, Dean. Such a good boy for me, just like always.”
Trees in a circle around him are blown down in an eerily familiar display. What happened?
After a moment Cas roughly managed, “For future reference, you can’t say that while you’re jerking me off and expect me
Before he even had time to try and clean it up, there was a knock at his door. Dean’s concerned voice floated through the wood, “Hey, Cas, you okay in there?”
Cas grinned at him. “No, you’re not. This usually goes the other way, doesn’t it? With me flustered and you doing all the teasing.”
Nimble fingers undo Dean's tie and leave it dangling before starting on the buttons of his shirt. Dean's hands lift from their grip on Castiel's waist and push his own blazer off, leaving it trapped against the door at the small of his back.
“What?”
“C’mon, we better get back before Sam decides to come looking.”
A sudden dip in the bed drew Dean's attention and a second later Baby nudged her face against his, her wings curling around him. It was ridiculous… and soothing, and exactly what he needed to get his breathing under control.
Groaning, Dean tried to buck up against him, but Cas lifted his hips away. “You fucker. You know what I mean. Put your hand on my cock or I swear to God, Cas—”
“Mmm. Wanna fuck me, Cas?”
Dean followed his gaze and grimaced. The once bright white plastic siding of their house was dirty, dilapidated. There was a chunk missing from one of the pillars on the porch and the front steps were sagging. Windows were dusty and full of smudges, and that was just the outside.
What’s he—?
Lilith laughed. “Aw, look at you trying
thank you for beta'ing. <3 You caught a dropped plot thread I didn't even notice I missed on top of typos while dealing with a sick family, and I love you to the moon. <3
His longest relationship, if you could call it that, was the friendship he had with Charlie. Though Cas was pretty sure that’d only worked out because Charlie’d been making it work since kindergarten when she’d claimed him as her best friend entirely without his consent.
Confidently, Dean held out his left wrist. “Yes.”
“Ahh. And the library is where you ran into your friend over there?”
“I told you like five minutes after I woke up about Meg!” Charlie said with hurt shining in her hazel eyes.
Dean lets his legs fall apart, just enough to make the obvious bulge in his grey sweatpants extremely visible. Castiel’s teeth dig into his bottom lip, and pink rises on his tan cheeks. Dean smirks lazily at him, “Come here.”
“You’re somethin’ alright.” Bobby muttered, but his eyes were warm.
A pretty woman with blonde wavy hair stood in the center of the room, wearing a slinky white ball gown. The smirk on her face was ugly, cruel. Lilith, he guessed, and when she spoke he recognized her voice from the phone call.
Finally, Baby's wings relaxed, and she sniffed at Dean's fingers, her breath warm even through the leather of his gloves in the slight chill of the early autumn air.
Gustily, Cas sighed. He rubbed his closed eyelids with his fingers and thumb. “I like him, alright?”
“Aw, aren't you so brave, just marching right in here,” she said, eyes glittering with barely contained joy.
Cas takes his time lapping at Dean's rim, getting him nice and wet and warmed up before he gently pushes his tongue inside. And, fuck, fuck, Dean loves the feel of it. Loves Cas's fucking amazing, long, clever tongue. He knows for a fact he can come with nothing more than Cas eating him out, knows it because over the summer it’d happened more than once. Cas is just so damn good at this.
A second later he's kissing Dean again, grinding their hips together, rubbing their cocks between their bellies, the slight rasp of Cas's soft boxer-briefs a hot contrast to Dean's nakedness. Renewed arousal surges in Dean's gut and it's not long before he starts begging again.
And he'd thought… some part of Cas had still thought that Dean would be standing right there when the building burned away. Elementals couldn't hurt themselves with their own fire, right? So
Cas walks in, gorgeous, eyes burning hot, raking over Dean. The lamps on either side of the bed cast a warm glow and long shadows on his face, and this is definitely not the cute, kinda dorky older boyfriend he had dinner and went for a walk with. This is Cas when he's dominant as fuck, and Dean is
Now? Now he was too restless to imagine settling down with anyone. Too on edge most days waiting for the other shoe to drop. So he enjoyed himself with whoever was obliging, attractive, and came without strings attached. Things could've been worse.
He opened the door and tried not to grimace at the hazy air that wafted out around him. He’d just started to wonder why his fire alarm hadn’t gone off, when a loud screeching started up behind him. His shoulders tensed and he winced. Dean, though, didn’t bat an eye. He just smirked and shook his head gently at Cas, then brushed by him.
I just wanted to say, "hi" and "enjoy" and "oh my gosh please squee with me over the freaking fantastic artwork."
They drank in silence, Dean not wanting to interrupt the religious experience Cas was currently having. Which reminded Dean of his own damn near religious experience the night before. Heat curled in his gut. Cas seemed so unassuming and uncertain of himself at the party, but the second Dean had him alone, it was like a switch flipped. Hot, demanding, everything Dean liked in a partner, and he was even sexier under those clothes than Dean would’ve expected. Arousal simmered in Dean’s gut, and he set his empty mug down beside the bed.
“I can tell you’re close, so, I’ll tell you what. Come in the next thirty seconds, and we can do this again tomorrow. Got a whole day off to spend with you. Think about what I could do with a whole day—”
And there’s a lot of things Dean can take, alright? He’s a pretty tough guy … but having his true mate reject him for reasons Dean can’t figure out? Fucking stings.
She bolted upright and blinked, took in the familiar surroundings of their bedroom, confused. Had she dreamt the whole damn thing? Her hand slipped protectively down to her stomach as she shivered at the memory of paper-thin skin against her cheeks and blue fire that didn’t burn.
“Good morning,” he replied, and then focused his attention to the copy of Slaughterhouse Five he was reading for the second time.
“Woah,” Gabe said a little awed from the other side of the table. “You guys see that?”
“Glad you like it. Why don’t you get settled and I’ll go send Castiel in. I’m sure the two of you can handle things.”
“Yours,” Cas breathed hot against his skin. He slid his palm up Dean’s side, hooking under his shoulder as he kissed along Dean's neck. Just under his ear, Cas sucked a mark. He wanted everyone to see just who Dean belonged with. Dean easily tilted his head, giving him better access and letting out a heated moan that sparked like fire along Cas’s skin.
He sits down at the desk and literally does jack shit while he waits. It’s not like he’s got anything to unpack yet. Hell, his bag is mostly for show today. ‘Cept for the piece of pie in a container he’s got stashed in there. That's essential. Made by his dad and Dean's favorite kind. His mom always makes sure he gets a piece to take to his first day at a new job.
It hit him again, this possessive heat that made him want to own every inch of Cas. Ludicrous, since they'd just met and Dean didn't know a whole lot about him other than he wasn't a fan of socializing, and that he made fast friends with Sam. And that he kissed with a single minded focus that made Dean's cock jump just thinking of it.
Cas's eyes crinkled. "Just Cas is fine, I'll show you around and then I'm sure you know much better than I do what you'll need to do."
Cas’s stomach plummeted heavily. He forced himself to stay calm, kept his scent from souring the air by the thinnest thread of control. Most alphas would probably leap at the chance for a no-strings attached fling with Dean. Hell, Cas couldn’t deny he wanted him, but wanting him wasn’t the problem. He’d wanted Dean Winchester since he was old enough to know what that meant. The problem was that he wanted so much more than Dean was apparently willing to give.
Castiel’s omega is goading him too, tugging at his gut, and making his heart race way too fast in his chest, bouncing off his ribcage and daring him to take off, knowing Dean will pursue,
“Are you really?” Cas asked, excitement in his voice.
He walks back out of the windowless room before Castiel can answer, and stands right in front of the door. Maybe he pictures what it would’ve looked like if he’d said yes, but he’s not dumb enough to act on it. Castiel is a job. And his job criteria sure as hell didn’t list ‘provide orgasms’ in the description of duties.
