“He’s alive, but knocked out. With his injuries… It’ll be an hour before he wakes.” Steve looks pensive, and he stands up from Barnes, eying Tony with some amount of trepidation.
No, what he locks in on is Sunset Bain sashaying her way over to him in an inexorable circle. His hand tightens and tightens on his drink until it’s slippery with nervous sweat and condensation.
“That doesn’t answer the question.” He taps the glass with a finger, not wanting to allow Tony to leave him here without answering all his questions.
“Well, sweet thing, ask not what your Captain America can do for you, but what you can do for your Captain America.” At that, Tony leans in for a filthy kiss, which Steve returns with enthusiasm. The bed is stripped of all the bloody sheets, and as they pull at each other, Steve finagles them onto the narrow mattress, their legs intertwining as they plunder each other’s mouths, lips sucking on the other’s tongue before pulling at lips with little bites.
“He was out of his league, he should have waited. He should have—” Tony approaches, deriding Coulson’s choice, even as he knows he’s wrong. Tony would have stepped in the way too, despite what Rogers has said about wires and crawling. Truthfully, he can never live up to Cap’s sacrifice, but it seems that no average human probably could. The man had saved New York.
“Bite back, Tony.” His Alpha tone is strong, enhanced by the serum as much as everything else has been. Tony struggles against him, but he rests his tiny fangs on Steve’s neck and ever so slowly, sinks in.
It’s nothing a vibranium shield can’t handle. Natasha and Clint are already there, the former using an electrified baton and her widow’s bites to short as many of the things as she can while Clint opts for armor-piercing arrows. He must have incredible strength to do a bow draw that packs enough punch.
Domesticity suits them. Steve takes Tony to bed, enforcing his bedtime rules, and Tony grumbles as a matter of course, but happily complies.
“Well if it has something to do with me, isn’t it my business?” His Omega is defiant, the cords of his neck standing out as he huffs in dismissal of Steve’s explanation.
. I’m so good, please I’ve been so good, I promise! I’ll do anything you want, anything—” Steve groans and comes, plastering his hips to Tony’s as he pumps away at his ass. The knot takes so beautifully, Tony contracted around him like a vice. Tony moans and whines, bucking up against Steve and trying his best to get closer.
And the soft little smiles of contentment that Tony gives him? He keeps them all for himself, hoarding the sweetness that is his lover. He’s not sure if he’s ever been so happy, or if Tony has either. No matter what happens, they’re in this together, and they need barely any words to each other for both of them to know this is true.
“I’m fine, I’m—oh fuck.” It hits again, crashing and battering against his self-control. He doesn’t think he can get up now. He’s only just realized that Steve can probably see his massive hard-on.
“That’s it. Show me how good you take it. Next time it’ll be my knot. Fill your hole full of my come until you’re crying. I’ll make you so full, you’ll
“Sir has given you emergency access codes should a situation arise. Shall I activate those upon your reaching the workshop?”
“I do.” The thought of Tony in one of these shelters occurs to him, and he shudders internally. What would Tony say? That his husband restricted his eating, spanked him, forced him to do things with his money? Steve has done all those things. He’s just not sure anymore what a proper omega is, but he’s starting to suspect it’s not what he thought.
“Is that what you need to feel justified? Then yes. He’s been better than he’s been in the years I’ve known him. And it is that reason, and only that reason, that I am not going to say a word. Unless you screw this up, which you still very much could.”
Steve steps back to admire his Omega. The scent is intoxicating; sweat and the soft spice of Tony waft up from his body. Enamored, Steve takes Tony’s flaccid dick in hand, pumping it until it becomes semi-hard. It doesn’t take long, and Tony whines as he does it, leaking precum. He leans down for a taste. Just a taste.
“You’re not that old. But here, here’s a towel for padding.” Steve slips a folded up towel into the water as Tony rotates to kneel on it, the water sluicing off of him as he pulls his legs apart and presents. The tub is large enough for both of them, and Steve slips in behind him, hands steadying himself on Tony’s hips. There’s a beautiful pattern of bruises there, and he presses his fingers until they indent Tony’s skin while Tony twitches his hips backwards, arching his back into Steve’s grip. His hole is wet with water and slick, and he watches Tony’s rim pucker and squeeze out a dollop of come, and a wave of possession grips him. He reaches over and wipes it up with his finger before leaning forward and rubbing it into Tony’s gland.
“How–what? Tony, I have to–” Steve choked on his last sentence before turning away and walking at a brisk pace to the far wall. With Steve out of his range, Tony snatched up the helmet and yanked it back on.
“I feel like I do, but I don’t know what they are. It’s like something wants to come out of me, and it’s tapping at the door to escape, but I have no idea what it means. And I’ll be honest, Father, I’m scared. I’m scared that I’ve harmed Tony permanently and that he’ll never forgive me. I’ve come to want his regard. I think I’ll never have it.”
Tony watches as electricity hits a towering building, and he knows Thor is at the heart of it. He’s ridiculously grateful as he sees one of the whales light up like a discotech.
“I swore I would never be one of those bendy fuckers. Ever. No, there’s got to be a way around this!”
The elevator doors jangle open, harsh and discordant. Steve takes the hallway at a dead run towards the glass doors to the workshop. They slide open as he approaches, and slam shut behind him.
The betrothal had been done in specific to keep Stark Industries, SI, from becoming someone else’s property. Circumstances had allowed Howard, who was previously in control of Steve’s meager estate, to arrange a marriage between his son and the MIA Captain America.
“Meet with them. Fifteen minutes, that’s all.” Matchmaker, matchmaker, make me a match, Tony thought. If he could keep choosing suppressants as his one-and-only, he would. They don’t steal the covers and not text you back. And like an NDA was going to keep an Alpha from bragging about being with Tony. It seemed everyone knew about Tony’s sex life but Tony, anyway.
“I don’t want to answer that. Just forget about it for the moment. I need you. Please.” Steve feels like he’s his own shadow, flickering in and out. But he has to be strong for Tony. So he buries those thoughts and presses on Tony’s gland once more, gripping Tony’s cock firmly in his hands as he works them over Tony’s pants.
The lighting in the workshop matches the sound, and he comes upon DUM-E and U swaying to the beat, dunce caps on either of their support struts and mini spinning noisemakers in their claws.
“So I don’t have to go off suppressants, right? Right?” Yeah, he already knew the answer, but it did seem like they were out of options to give him more time, besides the nuclear one, which involved scalpels and a sympathetic doctor who wouldn’t look too closely at all the black lines spiraling out from the center of his chest. If he could get his uterus out, it would buy him another six months. Healing would be slow, but Tony’s life goals didn’t, hadn’t ever, involved finding a compatible Alpha anyway. Children were yuck, and the Iron Man suit didn’t come in maternity sizes.
He gets to SHIELD in no time at all, and Maria is there waiting. She doesn’t seem any different than before, but she also doesn’t proceed to make small talk with him either. As he goes down the hallway, he spies Clint and waves his hand in greeting. The other man doesn’t wave back, doesn’t break stride, and his shoulder clips the side of Steve’s. Normally that would do nothing at all, but Steve is sensitive to his own strength, so he lets the hit land, relaxing his body so that he doesn’t hurt Clint.
The wolf rolls its hips, snapping its cock hard into Tony, the length of it expanding now to lock into Tony. Fuck, the wolf is knotting him, keeping their bodies together in order to pump Tony full of his come, filling him up. It doesn’t take long, and he can feel the rippling of flesh inside him, the spasms of muscle that come from the wolf’s cock inflating.
Tony has stripped off the suit by now, and called for another one to replace what he’s bent out of shape. It’s a very good thing he aggressively creates new models of the suit every couple of weeks and has them fabricated. The other suit is flying the excess of the first home using a spare reactor for power. Tony always keeps a few around, just in case he needs the suit to operate without him inside. He cleans up, washing the blood from his face, and applying concealer to a bruise high on his neck that he got from bouncing around in the turbine.
He takes a second to yank the arrow out and lets it clatter to the concrete. There’s nothing he can say or do, but the fact that Clint in all likelihood intentionally fired on him is a very bad sign that his team takes what happened to Tony as an affront to them. He feels a sense of misplaced guilt. The pressure he’s been experiencing in his work life seems heavier than he deserves. He made a reasonable mistake; he didn’t abuse Tony. He’s not an abuser. Do they think he is? And isn’t he trying to make things right, even if he doesn’t believe in the methods at all? He should get some credit for even allowing Tony to go back to doing whatever it is he wants. He wonders if Natasha is calling him an abuser, though he doesn’t think she’d go that far.
Things settle in, in that they don’t settle in at all. It's their allowed honeymoon period where normally they’d consummate their marriage, but instead, Steve has been using it to slowly ease Tony into a routine. Steve thought he had his work cut out for him, but he had no idea how bad it was.
“Yes Father. I have sinned. I laid hands on my husband. I didn’t mean to, I thought, I thought I was doing the right thing by spanking him. It’s been hard adjusting to how everything has changed so much. Omegas are just not like I thought. And I don’t know how to come back from this, this thing I’ve done.”
“I’m not good. I’m bad. You want to punish me. Punish me, alpha.” Tony is sobbing, great heaving breaths coming out of him, his body trembling and shaking.
“Just because you’re not swearing doesn’t mean you’re not having a smart mouth right now, and if I have to, I can think up punishments for that as well.”
.” The room is dark and heavy, the air taking on a chill that feels impossible with the temperature controls in place. As tightly as the feeling starts to coil around Tony, the room feels empty, a nest missing its bird.
Tony’s eyes flicker up and down Steve’s face, searching for something. Steve tries to be whatever it is that Tony needs, whatever signal the omega gives him for what comes next, and he waits as keenly as a fisherman for a fish to bite.
Tony pushes the tip of one finger in, reminded of all the times that Steve has done the same, delighting in fingering Tony until Tony had been a crying mess. He almost never has Tony finger himself for Steve, love and possessive instincts wanting to be the cause of Tony’s pleasure. Steve loves opening Tony, has spent hours before on the task, and like this—like this, Tony’s fingers feel almost alien. Nonetheless, he persists, pressing in and out, tugging on his rim and reveling in the idea that Steve is
“So what’s it going to be? No sharing a room? No shared mealtimes?” Tony is prodding him, and Steve realizes he doesn’t want to answer just yet. He’d rather they were married and on their way to their new life.
It takes him a little over twenty minutes to finish it, and as he does, he feels centered, calm. Steve goes to bed believing tomorrow will be better.
“Ah, I’d like to see that then. Someday.” Tony’s smile curls, and watching the fine dusky pink of his lips twitch makes Steve think about what it would be like to see Tony on his knees in front of Steve, mouth stuffed full of cock, smirking and enticing with his eyes and sweet mouth.
Because this was ridiculous. Every three months everyone in the tower went through this. Tony was apologetic after, showering Pepper with gifts and the like. He’d make Clint some more arrows, or construct an interesting fabric for Widow’s skin-tight outfit. Heck, he’d even repair Bucky’s arm. Such was the extent of his apparent regret. Yet without fail, Tony had violent ruts. Ruts that he did nothing to appease.
“You’re not playing by the rules,” Bucky rasps in Tony’s ear, though his words are meant for Steve, Tony knows.
“Tony? Tony, wake up.” Tony is beautiful like this, open and needy. He never thought he’d want to see an omega vulnerable like this, but there’s something so real, so electric about Tony in this moment. His skin is aglow, sweat beading on his forehead as he huffs little breaths in and out.
Filled with confidence and determination, he swipes at a piece of toast and shoves half of it into his mouth, biting off a large chunk and chewing it quickly. If he hurries, the scent will last for long enough for Tony to race after Steve and find him early. Gorging himself on coffee, over-easy eggs, and toast, he makes sure to wipe the yolk off his face and down the last of his drink. It’s always so good, and Tony smiles into his mug.
—Steve’s—cock. Steve swallowed Tony’s cries. Steve had Tony Stark on his knees, begging for his knot. These thoughts coil darkly in his mind, swirling around his desperation to make this last. It’s just barely begun, and Steve is both sated and so terribly wanting of more.
“Tony. Tony, wake up.” Steve reaches over and grasps at Tony’s prone form, shaking him gently. The medical team starts to move, but Steve waves them off.
over here.” Tony was in the process of trying to bend over without using his wings as a counterbalance, which wasn’t working very well at all. He’s used to the suit and its numerous stabilizing features, but wings, wings are something else.
The moment comes to take the food down to Tony and he hesitates. Every second he gets with the omega cuts at him like a sharp razor and his head feels like it’s being squeezed with a vice. But the moments apart are worse than that.
“Oh-kay. What does that have to do with you? He’s an Avenger, and I watched the two of you on the battlefield. It seems like you get along.”
“He’s not malnourished. He eats!” Steve protests, because it’s true, Tony has been eating a little of what he makes. Even if it’s not well-made food, it’s still food.
“I trust you to watch her and make sure nothing happens. I’m going to leave the room now. Don’t disappoint me.” She strides out quickly and shuts the door.
“It’s not that serious,” he mumbles. “He’s just stubborn about food. I’m showing him how to cook, but it’s like he’s never fed himself in his life. I’m not sure how I’m supposed to teach him how to be a proper omega at all.”
Steve carefully picks up his uniform and slides it back on. He knows he’s a liar, but he hates being reminded. Tony knows that too. Tony knows everything.
“It can’t be any worse than it is right now. You are out of control. It would be pure evil to leave you to continue with your own devices when you can be so readily turned to better things. Don’t you have a company to nurture? What about what your friends think of your actions? Have you even thought about having children at some point?” Steve asks. Omegas love children. Maybe Steve hadn’t, but that was just further proof that he was never meant to remain an omega. But Tony, Tony still had an opportunity to bear children after he was brought into line and remarried to another alpha who would take care of him.
The doors open to the workshop and the upbeat but mellow sounds of a 30s dance band filters through the air. Jack Hylton croons through the speakers, and Tony cracks a smile remembering how he’d poked fun at Steve for his musical tastes being the exact same as Fallout 3, a game which Steve would never go within a million miles of. So Tony had
“Capsicle,” he replies, leaning over the side door and giving his best impression of a carefree billionaire who’d much rather be somewhere else, but is in the mood to be indulgent, if only for a moment.
Bratty heats where Steve manhandled him to the bed, told him where to put his body so he could be of use to Steve, where Steve growled when anyone passed their door, and if he thought there was an actual threat, Tony would be unceremoniously shoved behind Steve. It’s not that Tony can’t himself defend them. He’s Iron Man. But it’s Steve’s job. Steve has claimed the right, and Tony finds it a marvel every time Steve steps up to existent and non-existent threats for Tony.
When he gets there, he ravishes it, biting Tony’s lips until they’re puckered red and wet. Steve kisses like tomorrow isn’t happening, sucking the breath from Tony’s lungs and eating the ever-increasing moans that Tony is exuding under Steve’s ministrations. He grasps Tony’s jaw in his hands cruelly tight and pulls the man back and off of his lips.
“Still upset by my brash nature? You’ll have to get used to it, sunshine. I’ll be begging for you come my heat. What will you think of me then, I wonder?” Steve tries to balance the sensation of Tony saying he’ll beg for Steve against the idea that Tony will beg at all. These things seem incongruent sensations, and they won’t reconcile. Steve feels momentary jealousy and agitation at the thought that Tony has spent time with other alphas and betas. That he’s taken knots and other men’s cocks freely, as if his body was to be used. Steve doesn’t want to use Tony, he wants to worship him.
“Don’t. Don’t say it if you don’t mean it.” Tony shuffles his head just a little and gives Steve pleading eyes. Steve drives himself that much deeper into Tony as he comes again, and it’s sensation beyond what his body can contain.
Steve has him close to the precipice now, the only reason he hasn’t come sooner being that he’s already given it up to Steve several times now. It’ll be a nice, tight, dry orgasm, all of his cum already wrung out of him by Steve. Some of which the man had swallowed earlier, when Tony’s ass hadn’t been as needy.
“It’s coming up in a couple days. I need things for my nest. If I could be on suppressants, I would, but a fresh bond means a strong heat that could burst through the suppressants anyways. Better to just get it over with. We’ll discuss it more as we get closer.”
Steve leans back and looks at the file further. The other operatives seem competent and well rounded. Iron Man is a mystery, but it’s not his to solve.
“We already knew who Iron Man is.” Natalie attempted to insert herself again. And if that little bit wasn’t being uploaded to a satellite and stored away in some expansive server room somewhere, Tony would eat his helmet.
“Yeah, I do.” Which is when it starts to get rough. Steve presses Tony’s face to the ground using one strong hand on his neck. The cold of the floor seeps into Tony’s cheek and he can feel the snow settle into his beard.
“Maybe, or maybe I never considered why I’ve always thought you’re the most beautiful when you’re in pain.” Tony sucks in a breath. He doesn’t know where this is going. Of all the things that Steve could confront him with, the admittance that Steve
“Says the former soldier to the inventor. You know that Iron Man can’t do what he does without my genius, yeah?”
“As far as you’re concerned, every omega feels like heaven. It never made you stay,” Steve says, his arms wrapping around Tony’s neck and upper chest. Tony feels a nuzzle at his ear, gentle and sweet. He sighs into it, feeling touched,
“Are you sure you checked the breakers?” The panel was dusty, old, and non-functional. A remnant of some lazy renovation.
Thank god Fury didn’t care to speculate on what they thought about the nature of their relationship. Only that it was effective. Only that so few people were mentally aligned enough to endure the rigid abuse of the suit together, and come out alive and sane.
“This seems like it’s the first time you’ve ever been willing to use your influence to help Tony out of anything. I have every right to be suspicious.” And Steve realizes that Nat isn’t wrong, but this will be different. Tony will be different, and what they mean to each other will be both private and public. He won’t hide his affections for Tony.
“I support this decision.” Clint doesn’t lower his arrow that’s aimed straight at Loki’s face, while Natasha rolls her eyes.
“And here is me, all dressed up and no one to dance with.” The bots react to the sound of his voice and whir over to him, all loud wheels and passionate fervor to get close to Tony. DUM-E hands Tony the spinner in his hand, insistently butting it against his fingers so he’ll take it. Tony does and ratchets it around noisily, marveling that he hasn’t seen one of these since he was five at some fair that Jarvis once took him to. U simply spins around, a trick he learned from Steve quite recently. It puts a smile on Tony’s face as he realizes he’s been unconsciously swaying to the music and starting to dance with his bots. DUM-E takes the time to zoom away, before coming back with a piece of paper much the same as the others. The bot presses it to him, buoyantly happy as he always is.
“Stop, Tony! Stop!” Hands at his wrists, pinning him, as light after light cascades over his form. He’s moving. They’re going somewhere. Without Steve.
“I’m sorry I’ve forgotten what you’ve just said.” Tony’s voice is a lazy drawl, and he cocks his hips as he settles back to look at the justice and give Steve a wink. Those heavy eyelashes flutter and Steve finds himself angered.
“I’ve always cared for Tony. I never wanted to hurt him. I won’t let you take him away from me now. He deserves better. Are you sure you’re good enough?”
Herding Tony to the nest, he presses the man down into lordosis, but reconsiders. Tony’s eyes are all he wants to see when he takes him.
“Hmm.” Steve tilts Tony’s head back and to the side, kissing him like sips from a glass. Slow and honeyed.
Tony knows why he feels so insecure now that the Alpha is out of sight. It’s natural. It’s instinct. It’s biology. It’s also not Tony, he reminds himself. Tony doesn’t care what other people think of him, and if Steve categorically agrees that he wants to forget it too, well, then that’s what they’re doing.
“—do.” Tony hits the shield with a well-timed repulsor, sending it flying overhead. He slams another blast into Steve’s chest, shoving him back several feet.
There’s a storm inside Steve, and he feels the very moment, the very second that Tony’s body seizes up in an answering orgasm to his knot that takes them both up, up, and
“I spanked him. I never knew what it did to omegas, and how it was used. I controlled his finances, his whereabouts. It wasn’t even my money. I’ve never touched him besides the spankings. Never coerced him into sex. I wouldn’t do that.”
The day passes slowly after Tony’s bath, Tony waking up every few hours to climb Steve and be knotted. Steve isn’t nearly as tired as a regular alpha would be, the serum keeping him going for hours. He’s in a state of perpetual arousal, his cock leaking and hard as it waits for Tony’s body. He loves every second of it. The feeling of being useful, of being wanted and needed. He doesn’t need anyone to tell him that these are alpha instincts and that they’re good and right. So much of what he understood an alpha to be has changed just by the very fact of Tony being an omega. He’s meant to provide, protect, and love his omega unequivocally. Anything that doesn’t follow from those instincts is to be questioned.
They make it to the bathroom, Tony’s eyes slitted with exhaustion as Steve puts him down, helping him stand on wobbly legs. Tony leans against the wall as Steve makes to fill the tub with water.
As the light falls away behind him, he chokes for a moment. He keeps his eyes as open as possible so that he doesn’t look away, doesn’t let go until it’s time.
The air is frigid around him. He estimates he has maybe thirty minutes before something he’d miss freezes up. He has to get up. Pulling the legs off, he leaves the base on to protect his feet. It’s enough, though he feels like he’s clanking about.
The first letter is the hardest. It’s to Pepper, Tony’s CEO and friend, maybe something a little more than a friend. Part of taking Tony is ensuring the connections he has don’t go unfulfilled. That the people in his life understand what’s happened and don’t make attempts to alter what is set in stone. Pepper has to understand that nothing can be done.
“We have the most stringent security protocol, developed by SI, so there’s no reason to believe there will be a breach.” Beta number two said.
Maybe not in a year, or ten years, but no army like this stays contained. This is Napoleon, Genghis Khan. Every army that’s ever been created solely for the purpose of conquering. They won’t stop. He knows that.
“Why Captain, is that the name of your sex tape?” He fixes the Captain with a lascivious smile, so that the other man knows he’s talking to him, before turning back to Banner and listening for the telltale sputter of one Steve “teasable” Rogers.
Tony is looking down at him as if he’s a ruler on a throne, shifting his hips forward and back, rubbing his abused hole around the circumference of Steve’s cock. Steve’s hands settle at Tony’s hips, gripping him as if Tony could somehow float away and grounding himself even more so. Steve is dehydrated, his muscles standing out in stark contrast to Tony’s softer and leaner curves. Tony splays his fingers on the muscles of Steve’s abdomen, working them over as if he’s tuning some instrument.
It’s around 3 am when Clint first stirs, the machines hooked up to him screeching that the situation has changed. Steve has spent most of his time with Tony in the lab, but Tony is out looking for food, and Bruce and Steve are the only ones on hand to help Clint wake up. Natasha had been carried to her room after spending several days in medical by Clint’s side. It had taken a complete lack of sleep to get the better of her to the point where anyone could drag her from her friend’s side.
“Tony, I’m warning you now about your mouth.” He thinks he’s going to have to do a lot of things about it at this point.
Clint and Natasha are shadows at Fury’s back, Clint in a plain agent-y suit while Natasha sports a red that has even Tony’s cheeks heating from the daring cut of it. She must be corseted and sewn into that thing, he reasons.
Settling into the booth, Steve initiates blackout with JARVIS. Then Steve haltingly starts to tell Bucky his thoughts: It’s clear Tony isn’t a stable Alpha. He assaults with impunity. Nothing in the past has worked to stem the tide of Tony’s anger when he’s in a rut, or even just a bad mood. But as an Omega, all of that would change. Because then Tony could find someone to take care of him. Bucky and Steve are both Alphas who have both been on the periphery of these events. They both know, and suspect, times when Tony has hurt Pepper. Any good Alpha wouldn’t use their designation to harm those who are supposed to be in their care. As he says it aloud, he feels more and more that it’s a solid plan. He’d thought that admitting it would reduce some of the magic in the idea, detract from what the end result might look like. Instead, it feels like the future is alive and more powerful than ever.
“You think I’m not? SHIELD has like ten different motivations for doing something before breakfast. Fury didn’t call me until now. Why? He’s not telling us something. The man is a spy. He’s the spy. His secrets have secrets.” It’s almost unbelievable how Rogers doesn’t see this. Is the man just that naive? The ice must have done something to his brain if he thinks that everyone has the best of intentions. Except for Tony, of course. Tony hadn’t even been born when Cap disappeared, so it’s not like Howard could have spoiled Rogers already on what a piece of shit Howard thought his son was.
At the peak of his climax, Steve breaks his pace, stuttering, before he presses in deep and comes. Tony can feel the man’s balls spasming tight against him, tightening and releasing as he steadily pumps heated liquid into Tony. The knot tugs at his cunt, and Steve pushes it in deeper, the head hitting the back of Tony’s cervix.
“You just had him, Bucky. He’s mine right now.” Steve doesn’t take his eyes off Tony as he speaks, and Tony whimpers at the thought of Steve taking him, right in front of Bucky. He’s so ashamed, but he thinks he wants that, because he can’t decide which alpha he needs more. His brain is screaming that ‘both’ is an acceptable answer.
“Why are omegas weak? Think back. What omega did you know that was weak?” He thinks of Edit, Brenna, Colleen. He thinks of the other nameless omegas he saw and all of their names, faces, lives. Once, he had been—no. But, yes. He had been an omega. An asthmatic omega with scoliosis and other ailments. Weak. Needing help. With Bucky always looking out for him. Was it…? Did he hate himself? No, he was always meant to be alpha. But he
Forgiveness was a fickle thing. It’s like Tony’s head was broken in half. Rhodey took the suit, on his birthday of all things. He should have taken the suit to protect them after Tony was gone. But it was Tony’s suit. Rhodey shouldn’t have taken the suit. He could have stopped him, and that’s what he didn’t want to admit.
“This is the outdoors Tony. It’s real, you’re here, and you should try to enjoy it,” Rhodey says with exasperation. Pepper follows it up with a smile and a swig of some dubiously flavored liquor in a flask.
“Let it go, Tony. Don’t let Extremis take it away.” Steve wants to see all of it. Every little bit of Tony should be his.
“Bruce, he bit back.” While normally he’d be happy to see one of Tony’s teammates come to his defense, Steve thinks that Clint isn’t particularly concerned about Tony’s wellbeing. It makes Clint’s words sour, and Steve contemplates what he’s going to do about that. He won’t have Clint upsetting Tony, not anymore.
For the most part, everything is fine. Steve keeps him on schedule, and says nothing about the half-eaten plates or the extra coffee that Tony consumes. He doesn’t deserve his steadfast mate. He doesn’t deserve anything. He couldn’t take back what was stolen before it was too late.
They lay on the ground for a while, Steve curled around Tony, knot heavy inside him. Neither of them says anything; there’s no need.
“–no, please, leave it, I’m fine–” He backed away into a slab of concrete where he threw his hands up in self-defense before crouching as Steve came closer.
As he goes upstairs, he contemplates what he’s going to scale back on. The very first thing he thinks of besides the food is that he shouldn’t continue with the spankings. Tony’s arousal is going to bring about his own, and Steve doesn’t think it’s a fair punishment if he’s getting something out of it.
“We’re more than a month in. That’s a long time to pine about things and do nothing to get in my good graces.”
The wolf latches onto the hem of his pants and starts wrenching at the fabric, its head whipping back and forth like a dog with a chew toy.
“Then talk to this friend. Confide in them. Maybe something good can come of it. I assume this person already knows your predicament.”
“That’s what I’ve been trying to say. I want his rebelliousness. His steadfast refusal to cave. I want the sassiness of his mouth and the way he can just cut you down to size like it’s nothing. He’s so blindingly beautiful I want to worship him. And he’s so clever. The things he’s built, I could only dream of. He runs his own company. He’s everything that an omega should be. Tony’s my standard now. And yes there are different omegas, who lead equally as valid lives, but him, he’s—he’s something else. I can’t explain it. And I know, I know I don’t deserve to have him. And selfishly I think about how he’s married to me, stuck with me. But even then, I can’t get him to love me with just that. And I think if he asked, if he really asked, I’d let him go. Even though it would kill me inside. There’d be no purpose after him.”
“Tell me it’s like you imagined, Tony. Tell me about how you thought of me, full in your ass, pumping you full of cum.”
“Well, he’s one of the foremost proponents of omega rights! Of course, he puts his money where his mouth is.”
“You.” Anthony flicks off his sunglasses, folds them up, and hooks them onto his shirt. Steve can’t deny that he’s everything an omega should be in physical perfection: well-sculpted features, soft brown hair, even softer brown eyes, narrow waist, and an omega smell that coils around Steve’s senses, rousing an embarrassing sense of lust.
When Steve finally arrives, he doesn’t quite slot into place in the same way everyone else had. There’s a distance about him, some invisible wall that separates him from the rest of the Avengers. Most of the time he can be found in the gym, punching away at a sandbag.
“What has he done to you? This is my fault, I should have mated you. We should have made something work.” Rhodes comes back over to the bed and grasps onto Pepper’s arm and puts his other hand over Pepper and Tony’s conjoined hands.
Later, when they’re in the restaurant, and Director Fury of SHIELD is staring across at him after explaining the Avengers Initiative, Tony really regrets not being able to have a doughnut. Or god, a coffee. Caffeine helped the blood flow, which could be a good or bad thing.
“Nothing about this is normal.” Hands fisted in his hair, Bruce looks a little green about the edges, his biceps rippling in size and shrinking back down again.
“I think it’s time you all let me out now.” Steve hates how they talk about him like he’s not there. Like he’s just a science experiment. It reminds him bitterly of his USO days. The uselessness he felt being a trained monkey on stage.
“And what would it be like if you had no self control?” His soon-to-be Omega is smiling as he speaks now, blush dappling the tops of his cheeks as those beautiful crinkles of skin ride up to his eyes and the happiness leaks straight into them. Tony is alluring, engrossing with his straight white teeth and just wide-enough mouth. Steve wants to pull his hips forward, leaving Tony spread out in front of him. Wants to see those doe-brown eyes widen and invite Steve to do whatever he wants to Tony’s lithe body. And there are so very many things Steve can and will do.
“Before you ask, no, Dr. Cho hasn’t gotten back to me, and I don’t know when I’ll be able to get these things off my back.” Tony reached around his torso and tried to smooth the feathers down into some semblance of order.
“Gonna ruin you. Want it to hurt.” Oh god, it does. It’s fucking wretched. Steve is huge inside him, and oh so hard.
“Should probably clean that bed up, get new sheets on it,” Tony says, exhaustion lining his features. He’s still beautiful, and Steve wants him.
“You.” It falls out of Tony’s mouth before he can hold it in. Steve is good to him too, but this isn't like Steve. There’s something tense and hot between them, pulled tight. Steve is like drowning. Bucky is like being too close to a fire.
Currently, we’re at 95,000 suicides per year and 1.3 million in attempts. Remember that attempts are better reported now, so you can assume in the past they weren’t. You should know also that the suicide rate for betas and alphas is only 47,000 a year. So what’s changed?” Nat looks at him for a moment, her eyes razor-focused on him.
“Yeah, that seems good. Real silk? Rogers, you really did go all out for me.” Tony’s smile is cheeky, secretive like he knows something Steve doesn’t. Steve really wants to kiss him. Just gather the omega up in his arms and fasten his lips around Tony’s. He has to stop himself from thinking it, because he only gets one chance at convincing Tony to stay with him, and even then, if Tony kicks him out after, it’s done. It’s over with.
Steve thinks that Angela leads a good life so far, and it sounds like her alpha took care of her as best he could. While he wouldn’t take Tony’s money from him, he understood the need to work together to ensure a good future. He wonders what went wrong for that to change.
He’ll never get to hold him close after a long day of work, or tuck Tony into his bed. At least he can do little things, like feeding Tony or making sure Tony has dates for his events. Maybe even scent clothes if that’s what Tony wants. Anything to make him happy. Tony is in his veins now, coursing through him with every beat of his heart.
“Please, I need you so badly, I can’t—” Tony burrows his head into the warmth of Steve’s chest. Steve. Perfect Steve who still smells like his own delectable scent, even amongst all the myriad olfactory delights of this space station. Steve is reliable, solid, like nothing can move or change him. Tony just wants to
“I cleared out this corner over here.” Tony points to a spot where indeed there’s no furniture. He tucks the pad into the corner and goes back for the blankets.
“Shh, you want this, I can see it.” Fuck. He does. He didn’t exactly realize it until now, but all he’s been doing is dancing around the attraction he has for Bucky, and for Steve. And what about Steve? This is madness, as fierce as hunger and fever bright.
He’s not sure he believes these things will be effective, but listening to the priest is paramount; they always guided his mother when things were difficult. Providing food and clothing when needed for their family. There wasn’t a lot to go around during the Great Depression, but the church did their best.
“Well, he has so many pictures in the media of him cavorting around and generally being promiscuous.”
“There was a child. It wouldn’t come to him, to Tony, in the suit. He only exposed his arm! Just his fucking arm and one of those things launched itself at him from the shadows. And when Tony enclosed the armor back up over it to get it off, it was too late. He’d been bitten. We tried with the child—we tried…” Natasha trailed off. He didn’t need to hear the rest of that sentence.
When Steve gets back, Tony is still in his nest, tapping away at a Starkpad. The glow backlights his face in a soft shade of white and Steve is struck by his delicate features. The beard shines under the light, looking just this side of grizzled, though that’s a trick of the light.
There aren’t any couples that he listens into as intently as last time on the train, and he feels sort of sad about that. He’d like to see more of these modern relationships.
It really doesn’t take long. He tries, oh god he tries to not orgasm in less than a minute, but he’s imagining a warm, pliant Tony underneath him, the omega’s fingers rigidly clutching at his shoulders, head thrown back as Steve spreads his legs wide and thrusts roughly into him. The Tony in his head likes it, begs for Steve, for his alpha, claws at Steve’s chest as he makes needy little moans. And like that, on the coattails of the image of their conjoined bodies, he comes.
He tries to approach again and she pushes him back, her hair completely awry from the flight, face streaked with dry tears.
“Yes. At which point you will be required to cohabitate with Mr. Stark. While you must deliver a mating bite, you are not required to engage in intercourse or any other intimate behavior. Though you may do so. Alpha-omega marriages provide default consent.”
Some Alphas avoided an Omega’s cock, but not Steve. Many of the times Steve had mounted him, he’d reach down, fingers twining around Tony. His resulting orgasm would reverberate, from his clenching hole to base to the head of his dick.
“Any time? I might just take you up on that.” Bucky’s grin is all sharp teeth like he has something up his sleeve. Tony rubs at his neck, thinking of what it would be like to feel those teeth in a mating bite.
“Goddammit. I truly hate you. I didn’t think anything in my life could ever be worse than this, but this defies logic with how awful this is. I didn’t do anything to deserve this. You shouldn’t be here. You should be dead!” Steve lets Tony rant on like that for a time, before he approaches and herds Tony upstairs. Tony is desperate not to be touched by him, just as Steve doesn’t want to touch him at all, and as they make their way up, Tony mutters the entire time.
“Oh, doll, I know you do.” It comes out like a purr that shudders and shakes its way down Tony’s spine.
“You heard, I see. Was he married?” Without the HUD, Cap looks human, touchable. Tony wishes he still had his mask. Rogers looks unruffled from the fight, leaned up against the wall with his arms crossed, his flexor muscles taut. Tony doesn’t like what it says about him that he notices. Tony doesn’t notice people, but he notices Steve Rogers.
Nat shakes her head in exasperation and stalks out of the kitchen, her lack of answer sitting sourly in Steve’s stomach.
Killian withdraws, calculation flitting over his face. Whatever he reasons out, he doesn’t like the odds on, and he nods at Steve and then Tony.
“You would look so beautiful swollen with my children,” Steve says from out of nowhere, the realization crashing into him as he thrusts so deep and perfect that he can feel the engorged head of his cock as it hits bottom. Tony
“You’ll have to be a good boy, and wait for me. For now, you have to get back to work.” Bucky tears himself away then, and Tony can hear him panting behind him.
They move him out on a stretcher to medical, Bruce, Thor, and Natasha carrying Clint with them. That just leaves Tony and Steve.
“I can see that. Good luck Tony. You’re going to need it.” Ty looks red in the face as he strides off to destinations unknown.
The elevator’s movement doesn’t register, not really, with Tony. He leans against the wall, a sense of contentment washing like a spring shower over him. The doors part, slower than normal, and Tony opens his eyes, walking out into the next space Steve has chosen.
“Diner across the street?” Bucky nods and they make for the elevator. They don’t talk on the way down, Bucky, per usual, sensing that Steve isn’t going to open up until he feels that he’s in a secure place. It’s good to have such a close friend, and Steve is grateful that he’s had the opportunity to have a second chance with Bucky.
Steve looks like he wants to snarl at Bucky and say more, but instead he reaches for Tony’s leg, getting a good grip around his ankle and yanking Tony down. Tony tries to claw at the sheets and pillows, but there’s no hold on anything, and he finds himself squirming under Steve.
“Ok, rules, I introduce myself and then you. You leave my side to get drinks, or unless I say I want to be alone. People are going to be vicious tonight. It’s been a month since my marriage and this is the first time they’re seeing me or my husband. As far as everyone knows we’ve been enjoying our time together.”
It’s heaven, and Steve lets his head drop forward onto Tony’s thighs for a moment. There are no thoughts to collect, but he wants to make this good for Tony, so he tries to put himself back together, pulling his head back to look at the picture before him.
He flips the switch on his app, letting Extremis warp bodies into pliant and beautiful flesh. Flesh that he’s going to sample himself. Tony isn’t picky, and he’s certainly not monogamous. Besides, you can’t sell what you haven’t tried yourself.
“Nothing has changed.” He assures them. Tony is still Iron Man. Inventions and sass will still flow from him as steady as the tide. There’s no possible way Steve could diminish his Omega.
“There’s got to be something–” Bruce looks helpless, and Steve does feel bad for him. It’s quite a shock, what he’s done. But it’s legal, and it was and remains a good idea. Tony has been so pliant and sweet after. Eating without resistance when Steve feeds him, no nightmares in the one night Steve has had him, and he’s been so beautifully receptive to Steve. It makes him hungry just thinking about it.
“I cut down Tony’s clothing budget, which doesn’t seem to have done anything anyway. Tony always wears terrible clothing that’s unbecoming of an omega, but I’ve been compromising about it since he doesn’t understand. And I suppose what I’ve done to him is maybe restricting his activities too much? He could probably use a friend, I realize now.”
He creeps back from his room to the workshop and doesn’t let anyone in while he’s there. He doesn’t know what to do, what to say. He feels like everyone can see it on him, what he’s done with Bucky and Steve. It’s occurred to him now, only recently, that the silence between Bucky and Steve might have something to do with what’s happening between Tony and the two men. Maybe that’s arrogant, or premature to think, but he’s not left with many clues to where he can confirm either way.
“Good, good Omega.” He’s so proud of Tony, admitting that. His Omega is perfect. And it’s enough, including his rough, last thrusts, to make him explode inside of Tony. Steve groans, pressing his expanding knot inward while Tony squeaks with shock and cries unintelligibly. It’s the perfect moment to watch Tony’s face come apart, and Steve yanks at Tony’s cock ruthlessly, forcing his orgasm to bubble up to the surface as Tony paints both of their stomachs with hot threads of cum.
“You can’t be serious. You cannot be fucking serious. This is—no. You’re not staying married to me. We’re not doing this at all, ever. And who are you to say I need a keeper? I’ve been just fine all my life.” Anthony rolls up his sleeves, holds his chin high, and glowers. It looks far too appealing on his features. Steve is going to have to watch for Anthony trying to get him to indulge whatever vices he’s picked up.
“No! No, you don’t just get to—” Tony can feel his heart beat roaring in his ears. There’s the woosh of blood flow that he can feel from being so tense, and he’s thankful it’s drowning out Bucky’s responses.
Of course he’s the only one that’s done the homework here, and knows how Loki is going to heat the cube up until it makes like a volcano and kills a lot of people.
“No! Please, please, Steve. I’m begging you–” He cuts Tony off with a blistering kiss, teeth and tongue plundering Tony’s mouth. With lewd determination, he sucks on Tony’s tongue, licks the corners of Tony’s lips. Pulling away, he presses two fingers into Tony’s mouth, and proceeds to fuck him there as well. When Tony, in turn, sucks on his fingers, he feels static in his head, all sensation narrowed down to his cock that’s now almost completely buried in Tony’s tight ass and the fingers that his Omega is suckling. All he can think of is Tony.
“Bribes schmibes. What about Christine? One tiny disagreement and everyone’s making it out like we had a cat fight in the press room! She’d be a tough fighter. I don’t think she wears shoulder pads, at least.” He should have never invited her over that one time. Nope. Not ever. But he’d been on schedule for his monthly hook-up with another omega to prove—well, that Tony Stark wasn’t constrained. That he was enough. And more. Something his father had told him he’d never understand.
“I’ve never seen anything like this. The sheer amount of circumstances that have to align for this to be possible is unprecedented. But ultimately, it is binding.” The lawyer is from outside of SHIELD, the organization that Peggy ended up founding, along with Howard, that happened upon what they thought was his remains. The lawyers at SHIELD had already declared the contract valid. Steve thought he would try one more time to see if that was the case.
He lazes in bed for an hour, feeling indulgent even as he luxuriates in the soft fabrics, thinking of Tony and the tender orgasm that the omega had in his arms.
“—it’s exactly like that, and you know, I’ve seen this movie before. Omega infiltrates Alpha-frat society, and there’s masks, sex, and crime, and someone gets hurt, and it’s always the Omega, Pepper. If I know anything at all, it’s pop culture!” Also, the thought of someone like Senator Stern having even the remotest chance of scenting Tony made his ovaries want to shrivel up and die.
Steve wished Tony had thought better of himself at the time, that he didn’t have to sleep with anyone to be valued.
His shirt feels uncomfortable on his new body, but it doesn’t stop him from turning and attempting to run, this time getting much farther with his newly transformed legs before he’s tackled unceremoniously to the ground.
“Steve, please.” That’s Tony begging to be let up, Steve knows, but it doesn’t matter to his Alpha brain. The Alpha hears something else entirely. It’s a goddamn symphony to his ears.
“Come for him, pretty slut. Come all over his cock.” It’s obscene, Bucky’s words. Crude and low. But it’s effective, and Tony’s body seizes up as he looks back at Steve. Harder than he was before, Tony knows that Steve is on the same precipice that Tony is, and he
Steve debates giving the last of the medication to Tony early, but he doesn’t want to disrupt the process more than he is concerned about someone informing Tony.
“Tony, sweetheart, you’re so beautiful. I want to make a home with you. I don’t want this to be a one time thing—I need it not to be a one time thing. You’re the one I want to start a life with, and I can’t wait to share it with you. Say yes, baby. I
“Let’s go home.” Steve is gentle. Steve knows. How much Steve knows, should have worried him, but it’s
“What you don’t want is to be kicked out of SHIELD. If you didn’t want to harm Tony, you’d stop with your senseless insistence that he be something he’s not. He’s a person, not an object.” Her words echoed Tony’s.
He makes toast and eggs with some bacon and makes sure not to put too much on the plate. After he eats his own, he readies Tony’s and brings it down to the workshop.
“Now that these transistors have pissed me off, no, I don’t think I will be stopping–Christ, Steve you’re still here? Do you need to be dismissed?” Steve chuckles, and Tony gives him a perplexed look as if Steve has a sudden case of brain damage. Maybe he does, because normally this gets Steve to fight with Tony.
He knows, in his heart, he did nothing to encourage Rogers to harass him like that, and that Rogers himself didn’t know what he did was wrong, but god does it ever chafe, and he doesn’t want to be expected to forgive the man later. Forget, maybe.
“You can and you will.” Steve is thrusting hard now, adjusting his position as he’s balls deep inside of Tony, and it’s agony. Tony thinks he’s tearing, Steve’s cock splitting him wide open. He looks across the floor and sees Barnes, out cold. He should have killed the man when he had the chance. He shouldn’t have pulled his punches on Steve either.
“Hey, I’m also right here. I think I deserve to know how this meeting went.” Rhodes is now flopped on a couch, his legs over the edge of the arm, relaxed.
The morning after, Steve mounts Tony in the bed, taking where he had been giving the night previous. When Steve comes in thick ropes over Tony’s chest, he drags his fingers through it, painting the gland on Tony’s neck, and the ones on his wrists. It’s a traditional alpha behavior, but Steve has always been insistent on it between them, and Tony always wears his scent proudly.
Tony is looping and diving, using his ability to maneuver to smash the less able speeders into buildings. Even if he clips just a few of them, they fall from the sky. Unlike any decent human being, the Chitauri make no effort to save their fallen brethren.
“I think I’m in trouble.” Tony stands up and bends down to gather his clothes, and topples over. His body feels like it’s being held over a fire, skin tight and stiff with heat. His muscles are rapidly starting to ache, and the tumult in his groin is only getting louder.
He’s wise enough to know what's happening now has to do with Tony’s pre-heat. He doesn’t know how he knows, but he does.
Tony likes Andorians. They’re just so polite and not liable to punch you in the face, which has happened more than Tony is comfortable with.
He can tell that they’re alive. They bleed like humans and die just like them. This is nothing like having an enemy you know is evil. He suspects these are all innocents under some kind of thrall. It makes him feel an immense sense of guilt as he pummels them to pieces.
“No, nope, this isn’t happening. You are not happening to me.” When Steve walked in, Tony didn’t just know he fucked up, he knew he was about to be put on a solid time out pinioned on all-American-dick. He wasn’t an idiot. He knew he’d rejected everyone but the one scent, and without the scent cover he developed for SHIELD on either of them, Rogers’ smell, the one he’d tried so hard earlier to get a whiff of, wafted around the room, mixing with his.
Because it was Murphy's law that Tony had met thousands of people, and not once had he gotten more than a whiff of someone interesting. If there was someone, anyone, who was compatible, the person he’d go classic Omega for, they didn’t exist, except as a biological backpack filled with instinct-bricks that he was forced to carry around every day. And Tony didn’t do instinct. The little voice of instinct in his head whispering alpha, alpha, alpha, was a lying liar who lies.
Tony lets a moan escape his pretty mouth, low, exhaling everything out as Steve slides inside of him. Steve’s knot is beginning to swell, the redness of it evident as Steve looks down to where he’s joined with Tony. This won’t last long, and that’s good, because Tony’s words are a burble now, spit leaking from his mouth as he takes Steve in long, hard strokes.
It’s 4 am and he’s shuffling along the hallway to his room when Bucky slides out of the darkness and blocks his path.
“What just happened? Please tell me nobody kissed me.” He can’t look away from Steve, whose eyes are piercing into Tony’s now. He wants to crawl and hide from the Alpha who looks like a cross between angry and shocked.
He refocuses on the door as it slips open. The sounds are louder now, with harsh and guttural cries and the groan of broken vocal cords. It sounds as though there’s a war going on, but it’s nothing he’s ever heard before.
“I’d let you know that I’ve seen your tell, but that would also be lying.” Nat pours herself a cup of coffee, leaning her hips against the counter in a mockery of relaxation. No, Steve knows she’s on edge, poised to strike.
Tony thinks he’s cumming dry now, the orgasm echoing back into itself, wave after wave of pleasure. He thinks someone is crying, loud gasping sobs.
Steve’s a god behind him now, pummeling his thoughts away with each thrust. The slick, whole-slide of his cock is vibrating the barriers of Tony’s sense of self, knocking on his body to open, open, open. He can hear his own breathy sighs as Steve sets a punishing pace. The squelch of his channel as Steve shoves himself in is obscene.
“That’s good then. Do that. Remember what I said. Whatever he needs that’s not physically harmful is what’s best. Let him decide for himself what he wants to do.”
“Just my luck, then. Where’s the staff here?” Tony knows that they’re alone, except the agents likely standing outside eavesdropping like overgrown pests. And at this point he’s done caring whether anyone sees. The helmet detaches with a whoosh of air, and he sets it on the bench beside him before making for Fury’s doughnuts.
The reveal that an Omega had carried a nuke into a black hole would be trepidatious to most politicians who hovered in the moderate category for Omega rights. It had only been thirty or so years ago that Omegas could own property. There’d never been an Omega president however, or more than a few token Omegas serving public office. An Omega hero would be a culture shock.
He doesn’t track the time it takes for him to end up at Hammer’s festivities. What’s more important is landing on the stage and warning Rhodey about Vanko. Vanko, who isn’t settling for making new tech for Hammer. Perverse incentives: Justin should have studied them.
Steve shrugs the top on, buttoning quickly. The pants go next, and he tucks the shirt in. Sports jackets have always been difficult for him with his broad shoulders, but this fits him perfectly snug. He wonders where Tony got his measurements from. Lastly, he ties the navy silk tie around his neck and steps back to check himself in the mirror. He could use some cufflinks, but he can pick those up tomorrow.
The next day they all meet on the street with Loki in an actual muzzle. Tony thinks it looks kind of kinky, but since Loki is adopted, if they wanted to get down that way, it’s not technically wrong. They’re all in civvies, Steve looking as old man as he possibly can with his worn looking jacket and striped shirt. Selvig carries the Tesseract to give to Thor so it can go back to Asgard. If you had asked Tony though, the Tesseract belonged to him through his father. But… he’s willing to see it off the planet at this point. More trouble than it’s worth.
Bruce was gently calling Tony’s name as he made sure Tony didn’t thrash off the bed, and finally, Tony’s eyes stopped their unseeing stare and settled into something more aware. Bruce must have been an expert in this because that’s when he slipped the needle into Tony’s arm and Tony didn’t notice whatsoever.
Has he ever felt more alive? Steve is certain as he stares into Tony’s eyes, that he hasn’t. Under the soft light of the room, Tony’s eyes are as fathomless as an ocean, and Steve is washed upon the shore like so much driftwood. Steve has lived a half-life, a ghost wandering through the halls of his own existence. He slides back out to sea, afloat and too far from shore, where Tony is the only thing he can hold on to. It’s like Tony contains every secret of Steve’s that Steve doesn’t know himself, and Steve is losing himself in Tony. Steve is simply Tony’s alpha, and Tony is his omega, the perfect and equal compliment to him.
“Maybe I will. Or maybe I’ll just take you with.” Oh god, he’s flirting with Captain America as Iron Man. The guy hasn’t even met Tony. He’s got to keep in character, but it’s hard when he wants so badly to tease the man after that demonstration. Asking a god to put down his weapon? The audacity on the man is only eclipsed by his gorgeous looks, and maybe not even then.
“Alpha, alpha please!” Tony starts to beg, and Steve’s fragile sense of control is shredded as surely as if claws had been dragged through it. He pulls off Tony’s neck for just a moment.
“Tony!” Steve’s voice sounds distant, almost tinny as the blood rushes through his head, roaring. His palms are flat to the floor, and he feels almost grounded as another ripple of arousal passes through him, almost painful in its intensity.
God, but he’s beautiful. Too lean to be a standard Omega beauty, but Steve thinks he’s all the more gorgeous for how unique he is. The tight lines of Tony’s legs don’t stand out in the ratty jeans he has on now, but Steve knows what they look like, the lovely divets around Tony’s knees, the lines of his shins down to his perfect toes. Thighs that will look so good around Steve, he’s already hard just imagining it.
So he allows himself this. He shuts away his discomfort. He leans into his arousal, letting it color in the lines of his thoughts.
From that, he’d developed alpha-like characteristics, which would presumably revert when he ceased his suppressants.
Tony sits with his knees bouncing up and down in Fury’s guest chair while the man in question is prone behind his desk, fingers steepled in judgement. Of course, Tony starts to lean the chair back just so, eliciting squeaks, while he stares Fury down.
Steve is numb. He’s iced again. Standing on the outside looking in as if he’s small once more. It’s like gazing outside the recruitment booth and being denied again and again. The wrongness of it sits in his bones, the pain throbbing under his skin. He needs Tony. He doesn’t deserve him, just like he never deserved the opportunity to become Captain America, but he needed it. Tony is not someone he’s going to live without. This world he’s in no longer makes sense without him.
As Tony starts to come down from his heat, he becomes more needy. Steve has spent hours kissing his omega, hands traveling down his supine form to rest at the juncture of Tony’s hips. He takes Tony slowly, the glide of his cock smoothed by slick and spend, his cock swollen with use as much as his own pleasure.
Bucky steps forward, resting his forehead against Tony’s and placing a hand on the back of Tony’s head. His voice is just louder than a whisper. “Take care of him, okay?”
“Yeah. I was thinking that he’s going to go into heat soon. And I heard it’s hard for omegas to be without their alpha during. But I don’t think I should spend his heat with him, if he dislikes me that much.” Steve shakes his head.
“Sir we will lose power before we penetrate that shell.” The next plan Tony has in mind is quite possibly a gambit. It’s foolish, reckless, and Tony is all about it.
That desk, that couch, this floor. He’s going to take Tony on all of them, legs hooked up to Tony’s face while he drives into his mewling Omega.
Because it was good. Clean sweat, vetiver like a summer’s day, and the woody scent of fresh pressed paper.
Divorcees don’t receive the same rights. If you were disruptive to your marriage as an omega, there was still a need for you to be under an alpha’s guardianship. But widowed omegas were usually considered to be steadfast on their own, only needing appointed guardians in a few circumstances. Anthony is, of course, a unique case in every way.
Steve looks into Angela’s eyes as she’s telling the story, and he’s drowning in their blue depths. He’s choking on his excuses, his reasons.
Steve reels him in, drawing those plump lips of Tony’s ever closer until he locks his own onto them. Tony hums and it vibrates his whole mouth as Tony flicks his tongue out between his lips to taste Steve’s. The kiss turns hot, open-mouthed, and deep. They’re lapping at each other’s lips now, sloppy tongues catching the edges of each other’s mouths as they seek out tongues and teeth.
Steve rotates his hips just so, catching against the rim of Tony’s ass before glancing up to find Tony’s wide eyes dancing back. The heat calls to him and captures him like water in oil, Steve struggling for sanity when all he wishes to do is bury himself to the hilt. Tony’s lips are incredibly appealing, and he makes for them, fleeing his own mind for the refuge of Tony’s mouth.
He’s in luck; the device is perched on his tower’s roof, spinning as it spews blue energy the color of the Tesseract.
“What did you just say? You’re done? It’s surprising.” Pushing Pepper has always been a skill. She’s never one to back down from a challenge, and while she’s at her limit for his bullshit, underneath that is a pragmatic workaholic who always steps forward, never back.
Steve takes some informative packets containing the statistics that Nat gave him. He thinks that maybe he should read each one again, just to see what he’s missing. This is grave. It’s more far-reaching than he realized. He feels he hasn’t learned anything about how to get Tony to comply, but he does realize he should have made sure Tony was fed and that he has proper socialization.
.” Bucky’s alpha voice reinforces it so hard that it makes Tony jerk, shiver, and clench around the fingers that are still probing his ass, seeking out the last spasms of orgasm.
It’s so profound a sensation, his brain turns to liquid silver; Tony is moaning underneath him. The gland tastes like electricity, jolting his mouth over and over. Steve grabs at Tony’s hips and presses his cock to the back of Tony’s ass. His omega is crying out, needy, as Steve laps and suctions at the gland, persistent as a bulldog. Instinctively, he hooks his left leg around Tony’s, pulling it back and pressing his thigh and groin deeper onto Tony.
Tony is expectedly silent, and Steve takes the opportunity to slide down Tony so he’s bracketing Tony’s hips. The drug has almost worn off, but Tony is laying under him with ease, Steve’s cum already working at calming Tony.
Steve hadn’t been awake in the ice, but he’d dreamed, and in dreaming he’d grown desperate to escape. When he awoke, he’d known instinctively that it had been some time since he’d been awake, but to be asleep for seventy years had blown him away. The imprisonment wasn’t SHIELD’s or the world’s fault, but it didn’t stop that ugly, selfish feeling that this time was his now. And if it belonged to him, he was going to find what he wanted, and take it.
“He’s done for. He’s been drooling here since he’s been found.” A tech leans over and whispers to another tech who has just entered the room.
As they make their way into the gala, Tony snatches a stray champagne glass from a tray and hands it to Steve, grabbing one for himself.
Then there’s the issue of sleep. Tony doesn’t get nearly enough of it. Steve is going to fix that too, restricting the amount of caffeine Tony takes in. When he’s malleable from the hormones, they’ll work on all these things. Steve can’t wait to start.
He shuts the memories away. They lead to places he’d rather not go, realities he only wants to confront when he’s in his lab, working on a way to prevent them.
This had been their sanctum, Tony’s escape from the tower and SI and all of the responsibilities associated with being one of the richest and most successful people in the world. This is where Tony had first begun to feel safe around Steve, wrapped in alabaster sheets with tree trunk arms around his waist. The feeling of bedding down at night, Tony’s back to Steve’s chest, is so indescribable and innate to Tony’s person—Tony shudders, emotions flooding into his senses. The apartment smells like Steve and the rest of the Avengers, but this room… This room is
He loves Tony. He knows that now. And Tony, in the throes of passion, had loved him back. Even if it was fleeting.
Steve sets the plate down next to him as Tony ignores him. This is how it’s been in the week since. Steve takes the old plate of food with him, noting that Tony enjoyed the chicken and rice.
“Please Alpha? Need you.” Tony’s heat is eating him alive, hot coils of lust encircling his mind, trapping him. Pleasure was just beyond it, waiting in Steve’s arms. He needed closer,
“Yeah, no. I’m not your attack dog. There’s likely nothing you can say that will convince me this is a good bargain. Why do I care about the world and all the people in it, anyway?” Tony slams his drink down, sloshing liquid over the sides.
But why does that feel so good? His provider instincts must be confused. Steve is alpha. Alphas protect the home. It has to be an instinctual spillover from Tony being ill and needy. Steve isn’t going to be cooking forever. That’s for omegas.
“Maybe not, but I would be there. I’d try.” He stops now, the distance between them giving him space to breathe and think.
Tony leans forward, his forehead rubbing on Steve’s sweat-slicked back, the wet hair tickling at his skin. Steve is still hard, waiting on Tony’s pleasure.
He didn’t rent an Omega for fear of how he would act. But not doing so was making it worse. And if Steve had to hazard a guess, it was more about losing control than it was about the hormones themselves. Tony’s life was a cycle of exercising control to the point of losing focus and restraint. He opted out of so many of the options that might have helped him, he couldn’t help but act out. Steve knew Tony had trouble accepting help in any capacity. He suspected that Tony was afraid of what people might find out about him. Which was something he must have learned at Howard’s knee. But not even Howard was as prone to spiraling into poor decision after poor decision as Tony was.
“Come, Captain! We have lunch options.” In all the mess of escaping where he’d woken up and healing from his bites, he’d forgotten how fast his metabolism is and how great his energy needs are.
“Oh, good. Yes. Bring them over.” Tony scrambles up, and Steve tries not to look at his bare legs, his bare everything.
“Yeah, you know why? I’m not a moron.” Their only light was Tony’s gauntlets, which he kept on, flashing the room in shadows as he moved.
“You should have already started the process, but the serum seems to be fighting it off. It remains to be seen if you’ll actually heal though? So, I’d say if you cooperate, and let us draw blood without leaving, we’ll let you out when we find antibodies. But I mean, you are much more likely to die, so.”
“I can’t keep doing this anymore. I’m not cut out for it. I’m falling behind at SI and I haven’t had anything decent to eat but the sandwiches I can make. This isn’t working Steve, you have to see that.” Steve almost agrees, but he knows that things have to get worse before they get better. Tony looks awful.
It doesn’t take long before Tony is thrashing in Steve’s grip, and his omega gives in and comes, curling up and away from Steve just the slightest amount, his shoulders curving forward as a little whine emits from between his lips. Wet, hot stripes of come coat Steve’s hand, and he tries to cup at Tony’s tip so he can catch it all and leave Tony’s pants at least somewhat clean. He mostly succeeds, pulling his hand out to see the puddle of spend there. Instinctively, he laps at it, noting that it’s almost sweet, and it tastes good.
“He looks frail and he’s going through a stress-induced heat! Now tell me the truth about what you’ve been doing Rogers! Now, before I bench you.” The spittle from Fury’s face hits him, and Steve takes a reflexive step back. There’s a sinking feeling in his chest, and it continues to descend.
“Now, the Avengers initiative. You don’t want me on the team, that team, but you’ll take whoever else and the better remnants of the Soviet Union, aka Natalie. I, the unrepentant narcissist, can compromise. I’ll do your little heat service. In regards to that service, I’ll scent what you have on file, but if nothing fits, we work something else out, and when there’s trouble, you call me. As an Avenger, not just for my technology.” No one was going to have the right combination of scents. They never did. He was as good as secured from ever having to do a heat with a perfect stranger.
“No, let me finish. I’m sorry I lied to you once, and then again. I’m not Alpha, or beta. Or maybe even an Omega. Not anymore.” Her eyes are piercing green in the low light, a contrast to the lighter tones he’s seen during the day, as if her eyes change colors under their own power.
Blasting out of Malibu, the suit propels him faster than any commercial airline, though not too close to cracking an SR-17 Blackbird’s time. He’ll fix that on rebuild.
He stops by this little Italian place that Tony loves and orders a carbonara for Tony and spaghetti and meatballs for himself, one serving for here and another to-go. He’s not picky, and nor is Tony when it comes down to it.
Tony stands up, tossing his chair behind him and letting it clatter uselessly to the ground. He slams his hands on the desk in front of him, bouncing Fury’s elbows and knickknacks.
Tony’s words take him by surprise, and his body tenses with it, orgasming on just hearing that alone. All meaning is lost inside Tony then, and his mind ascends into a different plane. There’s just the perfect sensation of Tony around him, as though he’s pushed his soul inside of Tony for safekeeping.
“What?” He realizes he spoke his last thoughts out loud and ok, now he knows Rogers heard him. Probably even the first part of what he said to Bruce as well.
Tony gets up, using the coffee table in the middle of the room to brace himself. His face is red from being upside down and his clothing rumpled, he stands up and looks at Steve with hooded eyes.
“I don’t know. It feels like you’re on the open seas to me.” Tony rolls his hips, a thick squelch and the scent of Tony wafting up from in between their legs.
“I can make you sure, darlin’. Sweet little thing,” he rumbles into Tony’s neck. Tony gasps as Bucky’s fingers crawl into his boxers, and he tries to wiggle, away or towards, he’s not aware of which. It feels good in a way that nothing should. Bucky
“So uh. Glad you two solved that, but don’t think you’re getting off from a military-grade dressing down, Tony.” God damnit Rhodey. How like him to be in the most inopportune and humiliating moment of his life. Also, he thought that vanquishing his foes meant parades and spoils, not stern lectures from supposed friends.
“Fine.” Tony draws out the ‘i,’ griping. “You know, I was super delayed on Alpha development. Had to supplement hormones to jump start it.”
“Tony,” he whispers into Tony’s neck. “My Tony.” If there was ever an illusion of escape, it shatters into glittering pieces, consumed by self-loathing.
The man was beautiful under the mask, and he couldn’t wait to see him out of it, where he could easily scent the man, if he wasn’t wearing a suppressant for pheromones. He probably was, but Tony could try for a whiff. Black and white photos of the soldier didn’t do him justice, even from the little Tony could see.
“I don’t know. You make a fine Alpha, but you’d also be an amazing Omega.” Steve worries he’s blown it just then, but he can’t help himself. If he didn’t have such fine control over his body, his pheromones would be coming off him in waves. He wants Tony with a fierceness that makes his head and cock ache. He’s so nervous that Tony will figure it all out before the changes are complete. That somehow Tony will pinpoint the delivery mechanism, or the day that his hormones spike.
“I said no.” Tony looks at him, eyes shifting back and forth as he waits to see if Steve is going to respect his decision. Steve really wants to prove to Tony that he means it. That Tony is beautiful and perfect in his arms, and there’s no need to hide. But that’s not what this is about. He lets his hands drop to Tony’s sides, unwilling to let go of Tony.
“Right now? I want that fat alpha cock in me, and when you’re buried knot-deep, I want you to spank me. Make me squirm on you.”
. If Tony weren’t on birth control, he would, without a doubt, be pregnant from the sheer amount of come that’s being pumped into him from Steve. And he has yet to take another load from Bucky. He doesn’t know how it’s all going to
“I’ll be getting on board with them as soon as we’re done here. We’re going to get a handle on your life, stop these accusations about your impropriety in their tracks with your announced marriage to me, and from there we’ll work on rehabilitating your behavior to match your new person. You
Swift, it slinks forward, low and fast on its belly, water dripping from every crevice as it darts towards them. It isn’t usually the kind of attacker that goes for the face, but desperate times. The suit creaks and buzzes, coming to life as Tony and Steve’s mind send minute signals to each operational array to assure readiness. Phosphorescent stripes twinkle and undulate under the haze of water as it flicks towards them with ever-increasing speed. It doesn’t lumber, or barrel, but instead whips its body up as it roars, climbing the legs of the suit as if it’s an overgrown cat-tree. The claws clack on the surface, finding purchase in the divots of each hinge as they raise their arms to stop it from toppling them over.
“Fine. But my point is proven. I found Steve in the drift. I didn’t die because Steve is always with me.”
Instead, Steve is sitting here reading over lengthy legal documents that bind him, an alpha, to an omega.
“You’re sure he’ll come to me? Why would he ever do that?” Hope blooms in Steve’s chest. He might be able to make it up to Tony, to be with him as his husband. But then he remembers Conall and how the man used spanking as a tool to get his omega in a state. How is that any different than using Tony’s heat to coerce him to be with Steve? He has to say no. Everything in him shrieks in protest at the idea, but he has to say no.
“You are so—yeah, I want your cock down my throat. Suck me too?” And isn’t that the best image he’s had in a long time.
Not that the omega had likely done much to warrant looking after besides his lavish lifestyle. Steve saw that SI had stopped making weapons and had generally increased their market share while investing in clean energy, medical technology, and a host of other, smaller investments. Anthony must have good advisors.
The Captain tries to stop him, but Tony can’t lose the one person who knows where the Tesseract is. If it’s gone, if Loki escapes to complete whatever use he has for the item, it’s game over.
“You are the best, babe. But don’t touch my hair. I have some white wine leftover at my place if you want me to grab it?”
“We’ll meet you back at SHIELD Rogers! I think we’re done here,” Natasha says. Clint waves at him, and Steve’s heart jumps up in his throat to think that things might be ok between them at some point. He still has to apologize.
“I won’t go willingly. I don’t care what papers I signed, I’m not consenting right now. This isn’t happening.” His fingers had a death grip on the fabric of the couch, knees propped against the wooden spine of the furniture. Yet his body was all betrayal, and as Steve took a few tentative steps forward, he could smell the rut already beginning on Steve.
“My AI has been running it since I met you. In a few hours, we’ll know all about SHIELD and their mother. Every filthy little secret.” He should have done this sooner. SHIELD hasn’t been exactly copacetic with their information even before the loss of the Tesseract. Fury is holding Tony’s heat above his head, doing nothing to make the situation more at ease or offering him information on how the situation is to proceed. And that bullshit with trying to make him a consultant is part and parcel of it. If Fury hadn’t had anything on him, Tony would still be a consultant. He’s only repaying the favor.
“Then tell him to suit up. I’m bringing the party to you.” He can see the Avengers before him, with Bruce waiting. From video footage, he trusts that it will take no time at all for Bruce to transform. If the Hulk wouldn’t let Banner kill himself, he’s certainly not going to let it happen now.
“It’s a stabilizing agent,” Tony says as he strolled on over. “—no hard feelings Point Break. Iron Man says you have a mean swing— It means the portal can open as wide, and stay as open as long as Loki wants.” He starts puttering around the display consoles, looking for a surreptitious way to stash his hacking device. Everyone has eyes on him though, so he causes a distraction.
Steve attacks his nipples first, tweaking and twisting until they’re pretty-red, perfect for squeezing when Tony’s orgasm hits.
“The sad thing is, Steve, if you had asked Tony to change to an Omega for you, he would have. He’s always loved you,” she says softly.
“You– you fucking– I would kill you, right the fuck now, if–” Rhodes can barely speak, he’s so apoplectic.
It’s amazing how he can feel simultaneously ostracised from and made small by his similarities to the man before him. A shadow image in a picture where he doesn’t quite belong. And it’s like Ty has always known that, the other man’s arm coming down over his shoulders in a gesture that would normally seem like protection, but Tony knows, he knows, it’s amusement. It’s pity.
could do that for him. For Pepper, it was necessary that Stark Industries and Tony were inextricable—and, as close as Tony is to Rhodey, they have never been
Tony is tucking the pillows against the wall when he gets back, and Steve unbundles the blankets to help. Tony snatches a large one and lays it down on the pad, tucking the edges into the sides under the pillow and smoothing out the surface. The base is one of the cotton ones, the four thousand thread count.
“Shh, I promise it’ll feel so good soon. Just let it happen. Hold me inside you, yeah, just like that. Tony, you’re so tight and good. So very good, my beautiful omega.” Being stroked all over by Steve makes the pain more bearable, and when Steve plucks at Tony’s hard cock, the pain almost evaporates altogether.
When he enters the room, Nat isn’t there, but in her place is quite an old woman. He looks around to make sure he entered the right room.
“No you don’t, Steve. Sit down and wait.” After not being the one in charge, Tony is well and tired of it. He has ultimatums to deliver, stress to alleviate.
Only Rhodey knew his secret because it was Rhodey’s alpha hormones he’d first extracted to use for the suppressant.
“Yeah, well there’s a lot of things he doesn’t tell you.” He cant resist getting a jab in there, though he should really leave that to his main identity. He knows the value of appearing as though Tony Stark and Iron Man are different people.
“Good boy, so good for me. Want to have you like this, always.” Steve has his forehead pressed to Tony’s collar bone as he pants out his words. Tony is doing this to his alpha, making him want to cum as soon as he was inside. Tony is gratified with this idea, his alpha, pleased, cumming and marking him up. Making him belong to Steve.
“Bruce. For Tony. You’ve got to keep it together for him. He needs you.” Nat stands and puts a hand on Bruce’s shoulder, her eyes pleading.
“So you are that Captain America boy. Well then. You take care of that Tony Stark of yours. Remember what I said.”
. All his. Steve grunts as his knot is completely slotted in place and he starts to come, shooting and shooting into Tony’s needing ass.
Bucky swoops around him and pours himself some coffee. He’s wearing a thin t-shirt and low-slung sweatpants, which Tony tries not to notice, but with the curve of Bucky’s hip bones pressed free from their confines, he can’t help himself. Bucky is right behind him, coffee in hand, when he puts a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
It’s a couple weeks before Rogers makes it back to the tower, and he’s the last of the Avengers to arrive. Clint and Natasha hadn’t so much as moved in as they had simply started appearing in Tony’s penthouse, which was all the way clean, but only halfway finished being repaired. The two assassins don’t seem to care as they proceed to eat all his poptarts and other various snacks.
“I don’t think—” But Steve hushes him, fingers curving around Tony’s mouth and pressing down on his jaw.
“Great work today on making sure that the slime didn’t get near any civilians. Your suit is a marvel. Have you had it long?”
Steve slips out again after his knot deflates, and Tony collapses to the bed, falling into deep slumber.
Tony doesn’t think there’s another answer other than ‘yes,’ though he’s deeply ashamed that he wants Steve and Bucky, together, all at once. He can’t extricate the sensations of both of them touching him, and wanting to is impossible; they’re under his skin now.
“Something is different. Come in tomorrow, same time and place.” Nat turns and walks into the Quinjet then.
It’s not dark yet, but it’s dusk, which is why he doesn’t see whatever it is he trips on. But he sure as hell sees the log he split his head on when he wakes up with a splitting headache.
“I’ll be in DC Tony,” her heels click away as Tony is glued to the screen, half because he doesn’t want to see her leave him, and half because he’s entranced by the video footage. Particularly the centerpiece of all of it, Captain America.
at his neck, snuffling in his ear with its rough nose. It steps off of him, its legs bracketing Tony’s sides. He doesn’t dare move.
Tony watches as Steve grips his own hard cock—somewhere in the mix, Steve has shucked off all his clothes—and it’s the first time that Tony’s had a good look at it. It’s huge, with a purpling head that’s tight and shiny with precum and arousal. Steve hefts it, aiming down towards Tony’s entrance, the concentration on his face wrinkling his brow. Steve is so handsome, the lines of his jaw perfectly straight, the cream of his skin making his blue eyes stand out like jewels in the soft light of the bedroom as he focuses on Tony. If he’s being honest, Tony never thought Steve would look at him like this, like Tony matters and he wants to make it good for him.
He bounces back, gliding at Loki, but the man becomes permeable, wisps of green dust sliding off the armor. Of course, that’s when Loki blasts him through one of his bullet-proof glass windows. The armor takes most of the brunt of it, but he’s rattled inside the suit.
. By a man with a thicker skull than his metal suit. Speaking of which, the idiot has bent his gauntlet out of shape. Would have ripped it off, but for a quick repulsor in the face.
He and Banner are chatting amiably before Steve walks in at the worst time. Tony’s just shocked Banner with a prod, testing a theory that the Hulk can determine real danger vs. stimuli usually associated with danger. He’s right of course. Banner is fine. But Cap doesn’t seem to think so.
“Stark!” It grates, hearing Steve’s voice. He just wants to go, and get out of here, but he’s as trapped as if Rogers had cornered him.
Steve’s throat is tight and fitted around Tony’s cock as it starts to jerk and twitch into his mouth. Sweet little spurts of come spray the inside of his throat, and he swallows and swallows, pressing his wet fingers inside Tony. Tony is thrashing, or trying to, but Steve is holding him back, holding him down. Keeping him steady.
The dishes are put away and the counter is clean by the time he’s done circling the wagons of his thoughts.
There are alphas, betas, and a few omegas who approach them, each holding their fangs barely at bay as they make snide suggestions about what Steve and Tony have been getting up to while Tony has been out of the spotlight. The alphas are the worst. Steve wonders if that’s how he comes across to people. Arrogant, conceited.
“Wow, it’s almost as if you had a template. Good job. Yeah, there’s something you can do for me, but for now, I forgive you.”
“No, you may not.” Steve’s face is carefully blank. It’s the most emotion that Tony has ever seen his husband show in a situation like this. Usually, he can muster a shy grin and a twinkle in his eye.
“No, we don’t. What we need to do is look how amazing the chrome is on this and how pretty the lights make my profile look.” He admires himself in the mirror, the gleam of the armor sparkling wetly back at him. He’s stupidly beautiful.
“That wasn’t the point of the exercise, Captain. It sounds like you know them and that’s what I needed from you.”
“Sit down, Rogers.” He does so, waiting for her next word. “Tell me about the three omegas you think are successful.”
“Yes.” He grabs the plate and takes it back to his station, shoveling eggs into his mouth just like he did the first day where he vomited. “So what else,” he says around a piece of toast.
God, it’s all over. They’ve told him. Steve should have given Tony the pill sooner. He makes his way to the kitchen and sits on a bar stool, back facing the entryway. If they’re going to come, he might as well let them shoot him in the back. He doesn’t want to see Tony’s face as he’s gutted by the truth.
Tony is grinning by the end, his tiny fangs hanging over his bottom lip with glee. The food is still warm, and Tony is half tempted to run off and find Steve
With every loving touch and kiss, Tony takes back into himself all the things he thought he’d lost. Steve gives over completely, allowing him access, entry into his mouth, and his heart. Steve gropes to the side, his hand smacking the nightstand before clutching at the handle and pulling open the drawer. Lubricant in hand, he slicks up a finger and reaches down to circle at Tony’s entrance.
“I’ll be outside.” Steve walks out feeling like he doesn’t know whether he won or lost. Maybe it’s neither. Maybe it’s both. He knows he has to be patient, but he’s never been one for waiting. He wants Tony to like him, to eventually love him. The day can’t come soon enough that Tony begs for Steve to be inside him, to be deeply lodged in his Omega’s heart and his ass all at once.
“Of course I said no.” He freezes at that, wanting to hope that he’s heard right. After a moment, he speaks, his tone soft.
Steve watches Tony’s mouth work over his food, eyes locked onto Tony’s face and throat as he chews and swallows. It’s a tender amount of care that Tony has never in his life received. The earnest way he rubs his thumb in a circle on Tony’s thigh as he holds another bite up for Tony drives him into docility. He’s so good in these moments, for Steve. And Steve tells him so, whispering endearments about how good Tony takes all of it, and how Steve is going to take care of him. Tony almost believes it, it’s so real.
“Not the kind you’re thinking. It’s that omegas have more rights over their lives, though they still have less rights in marriage than betas. The behavior that was exhibited by society, including alpha partners of omegas, in the past, was a direct contributing factor in whether an omega would attempt suicide.” Natasha stalks around his desk, prickling the hair on his neck when she walks behind him.
“Of course, Sir. And good luck.” Steve takes the chip in hand, and peers down at its innocuous form.
“Let me see,” Natasha says as she leans over Pepper. Steve is trying to stand away from the door so his scent doesn’t leak into Tony’s room, but honestly, the smell of Tony is so overwhelmingly strong that he doesn’t think Tony can tell anyone else is there. He’s also worried that more Alpha scent might be worse for Pepper right now. Beta’s sense of smell isn’t very good, but the hallway stinks of Nat, Bucky, and Steve, their stressed hormones blanketing the enclosed space. There’s no way she can’t scent it. As for Tony, he’s lost to his rut, which started a few days ago. Of course, Tony hadn’t put it on the schedule, so he had managed to bark at some interns and give a board member the bird before Pepper realized what was up.
There is no point in begging anymore. He can feel Steve’s aborted movements bringing him closer to completion. Tears are leaking from his eyes onto the floor, freezing there. His breath comes in misty pants, condensation accumulating in his beard.
It’s a clear Tuesday morning, the usual fog of the city unseen, and streaks of light dapple everything in the kitchen with a brightness that has Tony squinting. Grumbling, he throws on a pot of coffee and leans elbows first onto the island, chin in hands, trying to recapture some leftover threads of sleep.
It’s a pain that wrenches his insides, pulls him forward in his reverie about Tony, into the cavernous insides of Steve’s true yearning.
his fellow man with all their idiosyncrasies and weirdness that he’d take every day over having to step into a thousand different cultures, some of which demanded death or limbs as a penalty for a misstep.
Even when he was in the 40s, Steve had never made plans to settle down with an omega. A  beta, like Peggy Carter, yes. But there was never an option at the time to attain an omega. Not that he would have wanted one. He still doesn’t. He misses home, and an omega represents everything that’s out of place with this world: moral decay and decadence that’s insidious. In even having an omega, it’s as if the circumstance is bringing all the wretched feeling of what Steve’s lost along with it.
The next day, Steve contacts Tony’s assistant, Pepper. The woman has a tight schedule, and she agrees to meet him for lunch for about an hour at a cafe near SI. Tony himself is in the basement again, music blasting, though Steve can only hear it through the soundproofing because of his extra senses.
He rides the subway back, thinking of the changes he’s going to make in his behavior. He doesn’t believe that it will make a difference, but he trusts the priest’s guidance more than he does SHIELD’s.
“I am very real. I’m the real-est person you’re ever gonna meet. The question is, are you real?” Fury leaned forward as he spoke, so certain of his existence as a persistent thing. If Tony didn’t have the only AI in the world, he could have sworn that the Director was a type of AI himself. Creepy and all-knowing.
“I ran into the wrong kind of alien, and I think it’s done something to me. Steve, I can’t get up.” Tony lets himself lower to the ground, chest pressing against the bare floor that he hopes is clean.
“Yeah that’s right, take his cock. Taste yourself on him. You’re going to take me so well, aren’t you omega? Gonna make you squirm on my knot.”
When he gets there, the lights are off and there’s no one home. Anger, hot and heavy, erupts in him. He had asked one thing. One thing only. That Tony tells him where he is if he’s going to be somewhere. And dammit, the omega couldn’t even do that.
“Yes, whatever your finest is,” Natasha replies for him. “Keep it together Rogers. I’d almost think you actually care about what goes into Stark’s nest.”
“You shouldn’t be. You’re always making a mockery of things. Perhaps if you spent less time coming up with your next joke, you’d be better trained on the field.”
hauls itself forward, the sharp bite of its fingers grasping the suit, and the Iron Captain rises to meet it like a lover, holding tight, and then—
“I’m—I’m ok. Just got a lot on my mind.” Tony turns the shower off and makes ready to evacuate the building and his own messed up head. He’s got to stop thinking about them. It already feels like every fantasy he has of Bucky and Steve is a personal violation of their bodies.
“No, no, this isn’t on you. I wouldn’t have thought this would happen either. Just– let it go– I need you to let it go.” Tony’s eyes are begging, filled with some kind of emotion that Steve can’t explain. Again, his jealousy spikes, and he wants to consume whatever Tony is giving Rhodes. He wants everything that Tony is. Not understanding Tony completely is usually a challenge he’s willing, able, and entertained by taking on. But not knowing in this moment is gutting him. What is Tony thinking in that head of his?
“Fucking thank you.” Steve sighs. They’re not going to get through this easily. But the first night will always be the hardest. That Steve knows. He’s never watched horses be broken to a bit before, but he figures this is much the same. You have to show that you’re in control, confident, and that the results will be what you want them to be if you just stay consistent and calm.
“Well, maybe you should have had Captain America call.” Tony levels a wink at the grim-looking man beside Maria, “I’ll always have time for him.”
Which reminded him that the Avengers were not only still miffed that he’d hidden his identity, but they didn’t like the big reveal he was planning either. Clint had known Iron Man was Tony already, that was obvious. So it was more accurate to say that the most, maybe the only person besides Bruce, that was disappointed had been the Captain. Tony got a special kick out of making him a little sad. Uppity little Omega that he was, putting on the big, bad, and dangerous suit and kickin’ it with the rest of the Alpha and assassin heroes. Yeah, Tony loved watching him swallow that one.
“Hmm. We’ve had some battles, some ceasefires, maybe even a peace treaty or two. You know what, I think that making love or war is an unrealistic demand. We need a hybrid.” Tony leans forward into Steve’s space, solicitous. And Steve is not ready. The heady feeling of Tony in his orbit makes his head spin, and Steve barely manages to stop himself from reaching out to steady himself on Tony’s shoulders with his hands.
“He wants to be useful, Steve. Don’t underestimate him.” Bucky looks down at Tony and pulls out his fingers from inside Tony to gently pet his face, leaving a wet trail. “I would never let anyone else use you, except who you were comfortable with. But I’d let them watch you get fucked by me, knowing they can’t have you, that you’re my omega. Because you have to know how fucking good you look with a load in you. I’d keep you like that if I could. Wet and used. Filthy and waiting. Like the slut you know you are. My slut.” Bucky’s words are driving Tony up the wall, and his wilted cock is starting to fatten again. Bucky hasn’t even started in with his cock yet. Bucky reinserts his fingers and goes to work once more, leaving Tony to moan and tilt his head back onto Steve’s waiting lap.
“You don’t know anything about omegas, do you? Not a thing.” At that, Tony gets up and stands there, waiting for dismissal. Steve sighs and nods, and Tony retreats to his workshop.
It’s distant and thin, echoing down some as of yet unseen hallway. There’s shuffling outside, and as he lays prone on the bed trying to get his bearings, he hears thumping against the walls, as if they’re hollow and not insulated. There’s a radio playing, but he ignores it in favor of honing in on whatever is happening outside the room.
“Yes Father.” He walks out of the garden and shakes the priest’s hand once more. He starts to walk away, but turns around and asks: “Father, who is this saint?”
that should be illegal in at least ten states. Plus, his face was doing him all sorts of favor with that stern jaw, pink lips, and his sky-blue eyes begging Tony to comply.
“That’s enough JARVIS. Zero in on the Omgesterone. What’s up with that?” He stops his pacing before gesticulating at JARVIS in disdain at hearing the news. Steve feels his heart climb up into his throat and he steals a glance at Nat, who is eying him curiously.
“Let me make this clear. The more you disobey, the more privileges you lose. I will find the things you like, and I will take them away. I will find what you love, and it will belong to me. You will come to me for everything you need, including discipline. And while you may never learn to like it, you will learn to appreciate what I give you, as your alpha.”
By now, Tony is bowed down, his stomach pressed to his knees, and his face so close to Steve’s. Steve thrusts harder, deeper, and then leans all the way down over Tony’s back to capture Tony’s groaning mouth into a ferocious kiss. Their teeth clack as Steve stutters, gracelessly pushing into Tony, once, twice, desperate for his own completion.
“JARVIS?” He hopes the AI answers because he feels ashamed at the need to go and find Tony otherwise.
“Eager.” Steve, in a fit of generosity, gave Tony two more and he fucked them in and out as Tony ground his ass back on them. “Hold tight.”
“We should catch up Tony.” Ty’s voice is a low rumble. He’s warm, alpha, and it had been so reassuring to Tony when he was young. It curdled in his mouth now to scent it once more.
“Five, thank you.” Tony adjusts himself, pressing the front of his crotch against Steve’s legs, intentionally or not, Steve can’t tell. He can feel the outline of Tony’s penis now, and it’s substantial enough for an omega. If Tony were genuinely his, he’d have him sated after. But Tony is only his in name and contract. Steve doesn’t want the omega otherwise.
“And say the rosary five times. But spread it out throughout the day, for when you need a bit of strength.”
“And not scold me about drinking? Who are you and what have you done with Mr. Self-righteous?” Captain looks exceedingly calm. It’s killing his vibe of being worry-free.
Tony clamps down on him hard, his ass milking at Steve’s fingers. Tony is coming then, a cry that sounds torn from Tony’s throat.
Steve finally gets up to take a shower, using the cold water to dampen his desires. It’s effective enough, and he steps out, toweling off his hair and body. He looks in the mirror and sees someone he doesn’t know anymore. Was he really the alpha who had come in and decided for another person what their life was going to be from now on?
With renewed determination, Tony tumbles to the ground and aims for Bucky’s legs. Steve has always said that the best way to win a fight is to be unpredictable, and so far Tony has managed to floor Steve once with this particular maneuver. It’s a toss up as to if Steve actually had been caught off guard or if he hadn’t wanted to hurt Tony by stepping on him and instead had chosen to fall.
Tony wraps up the letter and puts it in his pocket with the rest of them, eager to get onto the next treasure to find. He bounds towards the stairs, pushing the door open and breathing in a mouthful of Steve’s scent in the stairway. Up or down?
“Where are you, Tony? All you should be thinking about is me.” Fingertips graze Tony’s cock and he hitches a breath. Bucky is demanding, not to be ignored. Tony’s body flares with desire that this alpha wants him to submit and allow him to give Tony pleasure. It’s too easy to start purring, a soft rumble emanating from his chest at the very idea that Bucky wants him. Maybe he even wants to mate Tony, take him and open him up on a knot just how Tony imagines Bucky doing.
“Mr. Rogers. What can I help with today?” Dr. Nowak is polite. Too polite to mention the lack of Omega in his all-Omega care office. Steve doesn’t think he’s the first Alpha to come in like this, but he wants to navigate it carefully. Regardless of the legality of Steve’s impending behavior, there are a few states in which it’s undergoing examination for repeal. New York is one of them, but it hasn’t happened yet.
After undressing to the level he was comfortable with, which was only sock and belt removal, he built a tentative nest on the bed. Fluffed pillows, several blankets and a few snacks tucked underneath. He didn’t want to invest too much into it; it’s not like he gave a shit about what the Alpha would think. But it was necessary for a sense of calm once an Alpha was available and triggered the rest of his heat.
When Tony shows up to save Captain America’s ass, and what an ass it was, he doesn’t think it would be so easy. While waiting for the other shoe to drop, he watches the Alpha his father idolized through his mask. A little over six foot, the suit SHIELD has encased him in is bright and promising, like America, but not really that protective of the goods, also like America.
“Steve. I need you. You don’t understand. I need you and I don’t want to need you this bad.” Tony’s breath is hitching as he speaks with artificial calm. The words are warbling slightly, and Steve’s heart breaks at the thought that Tony doesn’t know how much Steve would give for him. How critical Tony is, and has become to Steve. Steve adores Tony with a gnawing emptiness that craves nourishment, craves anything at all that Tony deigns to give him.
“Tony’s heat is coming, and he asked me to spend it with him. He wants me to get things for the nest, but I don’t know what to get.”
“Now the rest of it, Tony. I need you ready for me. Will you be a good boy and do that, for me?” Giving up his dreams wasn’t so awful, a small part of himself reasoned. Steve’s dreams were big enough. His alpha would be strong.
Steve, the wing wrangler, grabbed right where Tony’s ulna was and smoothed the wings down to the primaries, cinching them back up onto Tony’s back.
“I accept. Copulation first.” Well, that was easy. Sometimes the universal translator he used didn’t exactly parse into slang, so often what Tony heard was more straightforward than what he would have gotten if he were interacting with humans. Oh humans. How he
There’s nothing more important than the team itself, even and including over the individuals that comprise it.
“I suppose that’s all I can ask for. Next is that when we’re done with the heat, I won’t want you again. This is it. One heat and we won’t share anything else again.” Steve’s heart, that he didn’t know belonged to Tony now, breaks. This is all he’ll get with Tony. One chance to be his partner and take care of him. There are no more chances after this. He’s irrevocably ruined any possibility that they’ll be together.
He has to get out of here. He has to find his way to the practice rooms, where he can instigate a drift without Steve. Steve is inside him, somewhere. Everyday he hears from Steve less, and Tony has to believe it’s because Tony is failing to find him. Failing at making the connection he
There’s a box in the middle of the bed, a bow wrapped neatly around it. Tony reaches for it, cutting the ribbon off with a deft claw, and opens it.
Steve shuffles his body around Tony, his pectorals pressed so pleasingly against his back. He’s floating, warm. Inside him, something like an orgasm builds, responding to the delicate thrusts of Steve’s digits. He’s making noises he’s never heard come out of his mouth before. When Steve reaches to touch Tony’s cock with his other hand, he almost cums right there.
Clint’s pig is stumbling around, knocking into street signs and parked cars with impunity, but it’s not falling over. Steve tosses his shield at the pig’s head and it cracks into it, causing the animal to slump over. He isn’t sure if it’s dead, but at this point they’d take anything.
“Oh, you like that alpha? Yeah, you’re just like the rest of them, aren’t you? Lead around by your fucking knot. Are you going to spank me now? I bet you’ll enjoy it, you asshole. You’ll tell your hidebound, stuck up self that you don’t care for it, but I’ll know. I’ll fucking know. It’s about your pleasure. Putting yourself over an uppity little omega. You get off on it.” Steve backs away, darting from Tony who is pressing into his territory with the determination of a dog with a bone and a scent as pervading as spilled perfume.
Tony is a good, if enthusiastic, driver. He zips through downtown and controls the multitude of variables in a way Steve finds admirable.
“Mm, sorry, but that’s the plan.” Loki turns, a manic smile pasted on his face, the edginess of his composure still concerning Tony. Where did the man get his army anyway?
“So did you want to go ahead and scent him or knot him?” The beta’s voice sounds cursory, but there’s an undercurrent of something in the way she says each option that makes him think that neither is correct.
“Do you know what’s still the same about you Tony? Even after this spell that’s inverted you, made you
“Be welcome.” The priest’s voice has a reverberating timbre, and Steve relaxes all at once at the familiarity.
them should they ever be divorced, given that omegas were heavily discriminated against. Half of SI would be Steve’s by default, a law meant to help becoming a yolk.
Licking the inside of Steve’s mouth, Tony moves like he’s the tide coming in, relentless, searching for every fissure that Steve has. His leg wedges between Steve’s, his arms reaching towards Steve’s chest. They’re doing their best to crawl into one another, and it’s working, each of them gathering up the commensurate parts into a single, whole animal that is Steve and Tony.
Steve comes in with the rest of the team on the Quinjet, the air around them silent and heavy with unsaid things.
Finally, they’ve worked through every viable piece of robot that’s left to where none of it is moving. Steve for one is glad that they don’t do as much cleanup. He thinks that whatever two-bit villain did this wasted a lot of metal and technology.
“I wasn’t able to work when I was with him. I have no job experience now. He got me birth control, but not suppressants for the heats. Those he wanted. Sometimes, sometimes I was tired. The doctor said my body was reacting poorly to being in heat so much. It happens sometimes with omegas, since we’re built to be pregnant a lot of the time. The suppressants work by making your body think it’s pregnant, which is important for us like it isn’t for betas. Alex… he wanted what he wanted. I just wanted the choice, you know? Just the choice would have been nice. To have some time without a heat, or try to work. But he always steered me away from those things.”
“Want to ride you,” Tony mutters and shoves Steve down onto his back, clamoring over him to do as he pleases. Steve lets his body stretch out, loving the fight in Tony, the single-minded way he pursues his pleasure with Steve.
An hour. While being sandwiched between grade A Extremis. He wrenches the hair back on a well-muscled blond man, and thinks of Captain America, as another woman who he can’t see lays wet kisses down his sunscreen-covered back. That must taste disgusting but it’s not his mouth, so he couldn’t care less. The man in front of him is a perfect specimen, and he laves his tongue over a nipple to watch him shudder with wanton abandon. There’s nothing better than booze and a warm body. Well, maybe if it was Capsicle, then all of this would be elevated to a new level.
Now that he’s confronted with the fact that he’s going to see Steve Rogers, he, like a dog that catches a car, has no idea what to do with him. But he’ll figure it out. He always does.
“What? What the fuck are you talking about? Let it go? If I could kill him without hurting you, he’d already be dead. And you want me to just let this happen? There has to be a way around it–” Rhodes is begging now, his hands clasped around Tony’s, beseeching for some sort of solution. There is none. Steve made sure of that.
“JARVIS, scan the cctv footage in the city of new york. Find him.” Steve’ll come back. Tony knows that. He has to. Tony needs Steve, and Steve knows that.
“I’ve always made love in the same way I go to war.” Steve admits. The idea is filthy in his mind, Tony smashed into a bed on his stomach, leaking cock pulled back for Steve’s purview as Steve laps up all the slick from Tony’s tight hole while his Omega begs to be taken. That is a battle he’ll win. Steve can’t wait.
him, Steve’s taut body leaning all the way over Tony’s and rubbing against his back. Hips smacked down into Tony, stretching his ass open and putting pressure on his rim. It has the added effect of aiming Steve’s cock right at Tony’s prostate from his bent position.
“Look, you need to figure it out. You can’t change unless you know what it is you need to let go of. And your omega shouldn’t have to wait for you to do that to live his life on his terms. He deserves better than that. And while you may be my friend? He deserves better than you, and you know that.”
“Oh step off the cross Rogers; how dare you judge me? This is my life. You don’t get to take it from me because Captain Morality disapproves of how I use it.”
Steve sucks in a breath, his knot already deflating. He pulls it out then, not quite easy on Tony’s passage, the sting of stretching an echo of the pain seizing his chest. He’s just said no to Steve. To a chance at something more. He could ask himself why he was always ruining the things he loves—loved, but the reasons were transparent. Tony didn’t deserve this. He didn’t deserve to be just an Omega, but even if he was Tony, just Tony, to Steve, he didn’t think he deserved whatever kindness Steve had to offer.
“Hey Iron Man, are you seeing this.” Cap is in his ear, as if Tony isn’t the closest one to the giant opening in the sky.
Steve is radiant above him, his arms pinning Tony back, triceps and pectorals in light-contrasted definition. Tony can swear his skin glows from within, the pale planes of it smooth and perfect.
“I can’t tell you that. But whatever is going on that’s causing this stress, has to stop. We don’t want to come here again. Do you understand?”
“No. Tony—” Rhodey cuts himself off. It’s not like his friend to not know what to say, but Tony figures there’s both a first time for everything and a good reason for his speechlessness.
“You don’t? You cavort around, an unmated omega, and you party, drink, have sex promiscuously, and you wonder what you did to have these very reasonable rules enforced? They call you a genius.” Steve all but sneers at Tony, agitated that he has to spell out exactly why things are the way they are.
“Okay, one, that involves telling a secretive heat service, well, a secret, which isn’t secret if you tell anyone, and two, how in the hell does spit swapping now include not knowing whose spit you’re swallowing? What, am I going to wear the Iron Man helmet and a long sleeve shirt to cover the reactor? I’ll look like I’m really bad at cosplay!” Well this wasn’t happening. He could imagine right now just how hot a moan coming from his voice modulator would be, like a cyborg cat in heat.
The next day he does his run and then goes to SHIELD. He half expects Edith to be waiting for him, but instead, it’s just Natasha.
“Tony, I need you to say yes for me. I know you don’t want this, but I want to help you. I can help you and I’ll– be kind. I promise.”
After a shower for each of them in their respective rooms, Tony locks down the living room using JARVIS and awaits the two alphas while wedged into a fluffy couch with a Starkpad. He could really use a whiskey, but he needs his faculties more. Tapping at the screen, he picks at Iron Man upgrades, sending instructions to his 3d printers in the workshop with almost mindless clicks.
This is a critical moment. The beginning of everything that is to come. Effects should come slowly, a submissive gesture here and a subtle softening of Tony’s sharp angles there. Steve thinks of how beautiful Tony will look when he fills out. Tony hasn’t been eating enough, but as an Omega, he’ll be more apt to accept the care he needs. Steve is going to feed him until the anemic look of his frame goes away and is replaced by something lean but soft.
“Not at all, Tony. I’ll just take these ones?” He pulls the silk ones out, thinking it’ll hold the scent a bit longer. The natural fibers should absorb his scent and give Tony the comfort he needs.
God, this needs to stop. He’s already hard in his pants once more, and he feels an overwhelming sense of humiliation. Tony does not want him. He’s made it abundantly clear.
“Yes, Tony, of course.” Steve gets up and steps forward to take Tony into his arms, and the Omega folds in like he belongs there. Tony is warm, and he feels like home. Steve can hardly contain the joy inside him as he clutches onto Tony. His hands want to worship the fine lines of Tony’s body, memorize the contours of his lush person. He settles for griping Tony in an intimate hug that encircles his arms around Tony’s narrow waist. Tony responds in kind, his fingers digging into the fascia muscles in a way that would be bruising on anyone else. It makes Steve groan, and he lets it escape, lets Tony hear how much he needs him.
Instead, he goes to bed, thinking about how he’s going to talk to Nat tomorrow. He’s found the three omegas per his homework. Brenna, Colleen, and Edith.
Tony won’t stop talking about how Steve has saved his life, and how he’s going to repay the favor as soon as Bruce stops making him work. Steve has to kiss the man again to shut him up.
get better. Already, Tony isn’t talking back as much as he usually does, opting to stare off into the distance and poke at his food.
It builds, and builds, Tony’s hips canting back to push Steve in deeper, until they’re one writhing animal that exists in rapture alone. This is for him and only him, someone he has earned, and his mouth waters with a desire to bite.
Abruptly, the wolf lets go, its teeth extracting themselves from his skin and the wolf shuffling away. Tony plants his hands on the ground in front of him and makes to get up, slowly getting to his knees and then his feet.
“It’s about time you figured it out. Just treat Tony with respect. And me. But I suppose if you don’t treat me well, I’ll just shoot you. Added incentive, that.” Clint is cleaning his fingernails using a knife as he threatens Steve. It’s not necessary, but it is endearing.
“Oh, so you think it’s just my nature to be that aroused and that somehow makes me weaker?” Tony shoves his chin up and holds his posture with his legs spread wider, shoulders squared ahead.
Ty, whose hand had wrapped around his knot when Tony was all of fourteen, whispering promises that it would feel good, that it was right. The next day when Ty wouldn’t make eye contact with Tony was illuminating in the way fluorescent lights are. Harsh, ugly.
“Is there anything else you need?” Aisling is back to her upbeat smile and helpful attitude, leaving behind Brenna and Colleen’s lives as easy as pie. Steve can’t shake it off though. Can’t imagine that while he was in the war, these women were enduring the unendurable in their homes. Things that Steve would have done to them had he stayed in that time as an alpha. Hell, he doesn’t even know anymore what a proper omega is supposed to look like in this day and age.
“Is that a thing that can happen?” Steve asks as Tony mops up the blood on his arm with a spare rag.
There’s a rustle of leaves in front of him from a bush, and he freezes, instinct nailing him to the spot. The bush shakes again, and a little furred, brown face pops out of the middle. It takes him a second to calibrate what kind of animal it is.
The workshop always has a quiet buzz of faint electronics to it, a kind of mundanity but for the fact that Tony thrives in the lack of silence. Needs that delicate hum to concentrate, when he’s not playing much louder music.
When they were finally all loaded up, Iron Man is standing there with his hands on his hips, looking as incredulous as a robotic face can at the strapped down pigs.
“We can lead a horse to water, but we can’t make him drink. Your responsibility is to yourself first, and even as Tony’s husband, you are not Tony. You can’t make Tony’s decisions for him. You have to allow him the dignity to fail if that is what will happen. And you have to allow him the further dignity that he may very well be right.”
“I can’t believe you. You just see what’s there on the surface. You’re not even capable of looking deeper at all, are you? Those ‘happy’ omegas you saw, you’re so sure of their being in the right place for them. You wouldn’t even know the first thing about what makes an omega happy.”
“Kindly fuck off, Doctor,” Fury coughs and says loudly to the room. Dr. Geiszler sputters, but drags his board away, grumbling about the lack of appreciation.
He’s headed down the corridor when he hears an explosion and trips from the rocking motion of the ship. Tony goes down hard, shoulder smashing into the metal grated walkway.
So if it feels like he’s fleeing all his fears and frustrations as he falls on Tony like a wave, he is. He’s hiding inside Tony even as he takes him in. He can’t bear to have Tony see him, his ugliness. To catalog with those cutting eyes all the ways in which Steve’s failed him. He settles for this, the basest of desires, letting his tongue work in conjunction with his mouth, laving and bathing Tony’s cock. He ruts himself against the nest, his cock stupendously hard, big, and pulsating with suppressed want. This is for Tony. All of him is for Tony.
“If this paperwork is correct, it’s a foregone conclusion.” Steve taps the sheets scattered on the table, sliding them together as though he’s getting ready to leave.
“He’s already on the team, so I can’t help but think that you’re referring to something else. Have you tried asking him?”
Steve is nauseated at the thought of older alphas taking advantage of young omegas. And even further repulsed when he thinks about what a betrothal means. If he hadn’t been so sickly, would his mother have betrothed him? He doesn’t know. He doesn’t
“He just needs fluids. He’s refused treatment suggestions for the heat, but that should square itself away anyway.”
The corpses of the other Kaiju have sunk down into the water, the glittering phosphorescence of their bulk dancing just out of plain sight.
When Cap lays teeth to skin, Tony’s toes curl up in a shiver, lust rippling out to each of his limbs. The man nips down his neck, avoiding glands and bone, sinking his teeth into the soft flesh there before moving back up to repeat the process. Tony feels tenderized, massaged into compliance.
Staying wrapped in the blankets had been his plan, but his morning erection hasn’t gone down at all, and he doesn’t want to get them messy just yet. He figures there will be tons of fluids in their nest by the time the heat is done.
So really, he could just skip all that yelling and such and hop on the knot carousel like a good little Omega.
This is ridiculous. He will not masturbate over this. But if he’s going to be stuck with it, he should go to his room.
When Steve slides in, someone, possibly him, lets out a low, keening whine. He can’t think anymore, Steve’s cock a brand inside his used body. It burns satisfyingly as it stretches him, and Steve all but croons at Tony when he finally hilts himself inside.
“I think, oh fucking hell Steve, I think I’m in heat! I need you, need you so bad, please, please, please, god, please, I can’t–”
“Shh shh baby, let me. Just let me.” And Tony does. The super-soldier, in a show of gentle that makes Tony aware of the raw power in Bucky’s hands, grasps his bare cock, towel now a sad victim of gravity.
He contracts rhythmically, his pelvic muscles massaging his Alpha’s cock in an attempt to squeeze every bit of spend from him. And Steve, Steve rewards him with a feral groan that comes out like a growl, cock exploding in hot streams of come, painting Tony’s insides.
Steve’s smile is like the sun rising, blanketing Tony in happiness. Tony’s done something right and good, and Steve is eclipsing all the bad feelings with just the expression on his face.
Like a held breath, the hum of the reactor becomes overbearing, its whirring loud and almost a soft whine of power as it moves to overclock and release a mega-ton drop of energy. The world around them narrows; sweat clings to the inside of their helmets, the defoggers just barely removing enough moisture for them to see the glow of LEDs, the streams of data, and tiny beeping alarms that tell them they’re soon to be crushed if they don’t act soon.
The worst time though, is when he ends up in medical. It’s not even the mission’s fault. It’s his damn body. It’s picked the worst time to start displaying some of the more fun symptoms of his failure to have his heats as normal.
It’s nothing and everything like he thought. The bond slithers through his mind, and he feels– so full. He breathes Steve in, and breathes out his hopes for freedom.
It’s especially effective when he brings the face out to galas like this. Which is again why he doesn’t notice. Not in the way that he doesn’t see. Because he sees. But he doesn’t
“Best is good. I’ll do that.” Steve is desperately grateful for something to do. A grocery trip won’t take all day, but it’s a good chunk of time.
“Fuck!” Bucky judders, hips sliding through sweat and jerking into Tony’s used hole. “Need to fill you—” Bucky pants out, fingers gripping tight enough to leave petal shaped bruises on Tony’s legs as Bucky’s cock gets ever harder.
He thinks he can help these people. He must. Because as he relaxes into the 21st century, he realizes the world really hasn’t changed too much, besides the obvious. There are still people that need saving. And that he can do.
“I promise I’ll stop terrorizing SHIELD. If you give me what I want, I won’t kill another soul. Sounds good, doesn’t it Steve? A fair deal.” Steve tightens, his grip on the table in front of him unable to crack the reinforced material.
“Well I’d hate to see you leave, but I kind of hate it when you’re here too.” Tony sighs, mournful. “Do you have any idea what these people will do to get perfection? I can’t wait to watch.” He slips the helmet over his head and launches himself towards the city, hoping for a glimpse of the feeding frenzy that’s about to start.
“What’s wrong over there son? Steve, your name is? Natalie told me. Oh don’t cry now, it’s all over. It’s been said and done.” She reaches a leathery soft hand to pat his cheek as tears stream down his face.
He wishes for a détente, like a teacher in a schoolyard shoving bullies apart, but for that to happen, for him to referee, he has to know what the problem is. And that’s the thing—he doesn’t know.
Tony is a mess. His poor Omega is squirming on his stomach, ass exposed to Steve and the light glisten of slick peeking out of his crack. Every muscle in Tony’s body is tense, ready for action of any kind, but mostly for an Alpha to soothe every ache and pain away.
“You’ll need additional testing in the lab, Sir.” Grumbling, Tony swipes his coffee mug and stumbles out of the kitchen towards the elevator. With Nat here, Steve can’t go after him. He’ll have to use the excuse of breakfast to access the workshop, which makes him feel more relief than he ought to, with Nat staring him down. He wants to be as far away from her scrutiny as possible.
“Rhodey, Rhodes, Rhoderino. I already have Pepper on my case. Do you have to make this a circle jerk?”
“It’s time to come clean, Steve. JARVIS, blackout.” It’s not that Steve doesn’t know he’s lying, but he had thought that his eagerness to see Tony better would muffle whatever signal Nat senses from him. She’s also likely fishing. She doesn’t, can’t know anything. He just has to pray that JARVIS truly isn’t listening, or he’s ruined.
Steve prowled over, expression intent. He was out of Tony’s best dreams and worst nightmares. This man, this alpha, was going to take him right on the dusty floor. He was going to, oh god, he was going to bite Tony, bond him, intertwine their persons until there was no beginning or end to who they were to each other.
“Now, moving on, you’ve been playing on the stock exchange with large amounts of money for some time.”
Steve never felt like he was longing for sex when he was an omega. Mostly he spent time thinking about how good it would feel to just
Steve growls and wrenches Tony away from Bucky, laying him back on the bed. Tony, who hasn’t had any agency throughout this entire encounter, grabs hold of Steve’s shoulders and whimpers out his compliance. It’s so hard to think with Steve pounding into him, stretching and pressing out every bit of feeling Tony has. Steve’s eyes bore into his, the blue of them clearly visible as he searches Tony’s face for something and seems to find it.
“Maybe I have. Now, don’t you think I’ve waited long enough? Have mercy, Steve.” Tony all but bats his lashes as he splays his legs apart and arms forward, looking ripe for the taking.
He never got a chance to test whether he could escape, because the doors busted open once again, and Steve had a flashback to Clint, hoping it wasn’t the archer again, though not really thinking about who else it could possibly be.
On the day of, the Avengers are out of the tower. Bruce is at a conference, at the behest of SHIELD. Thor is off-world. Nat and Clint are on a covert ops mission, also courtesy of SHIELD. The weather is fantastic for a New York day; it’s just this side of seventy degrees with a slight breeze. It’ll be about a forty-minute drive to Brooklyn from the tower.
“How were they even supposed to slaughter these things if they were bred to be eaten?” Clint asks the obvious question they’re all thinking.
“Press it, and you’ll find out, Tony,” Steve says as he gets up off the couch, making to leave. He has to escape before he loses it. He’s far too close, his erection pushing hard against the seam of his sweatpants. He gently tucks the head under the waistband, trying to hide it.
“Look, can you just let me go look on my own for a bit. I’ve got the GPS unit with me. I can get back to the latitude and longitude. We’ll cover more ground that way.”
“You gonna come for your Captain, baby? Tell me you’re mine.” He watches Tony reach for his own cock, but bats the hand away from it, as Tony lets out a pathetic gurgle of want.
“Iron Man, I want you to meet Agent Natasha Romanoff.” Natasha, Natalie. There was no one but Tony to say I told you so to.
“So good, Steve.” Tony can feel himself getting hard, and amazingly, it’s like being doused with water.
“You’re alpha, then?” Steve gestures at Iron Man’s gold and red plated form. Of course, an alpha would pilot the suit. He probably made it too.
“Excuse me? Just because I smell a certain way doesn’t give Ty an excuse for his behavior. And it also doesn’t give you an excuse for yours. Now the next time I have to be alone with that jackass, he’s going to be mad, and he’s going to try and take it out on me. And where will you be? Hmm? You just made things worse.” He did, he did exactly what he wasn’t supposed to do, didn’t he? He was so mad at the idea that this alpha had been Tony, had been where only Steve is supposed to go, that he just reacted. Steve can’t protect Tony every day.
A little cognitive dissonance or willful ignorance of the facts when he was young? Sure. Six of one, half dozen of the other.
“Yes. But he also wanted a piece of you. Something of yours to own, even if it was through me. And I couldn’t help but want that too. When I was young, all I knew is that a husband, an alpha, would take care of me. And that I had you, even if you weren’t there. That when Howard was drunk and angling for a fight, if my husband had been there, I would have been safe. I dreamed of you. I wanted you more than words can possibly express. And for some reason, even when I became an adult, the idea of you stayed in my head, rent free.”
It was all over the world. Every field, mountain, sea, and forest. Transferable by fluid, it was too easy to catch and had a high infection rate. Tony didn’t know the exact numbers, because if you weren’t responsive to the infection, you were
Pepper is incandescent when he finally finds his way inside and stares accusingly at his drink, which he takes a healthy gulp from just to spite her.
It’s his heat speaking to him. The clarity of his and Steve’s orgasm begins to defog him, and he remembers what he is.
The batter in front of him is ready for the pan, and as he heats up the pan before he throws the first dollop down he comes to a realization that it’s not all lost.
Steve reaches down to touch Tony’s fever-hot skin in askance, wanting to know if it’s time. It’s just a touch, a single stroke to Tony’s shoulder, but the omega groans and arches into it, shoving himself towards Steve’s hand.
In his mind, the leathery scent of Tony has turned to the sweetness of amber, the black pepper heightening and becoming a tart citrus, and the cedar becoming the secretive, woody scent of sandalwood. These are not Alpha scents, and in his mind, Tony is on all fours, presenting to Steve. His hole is slick and open while Tony’s mouth does its best imitation of his ass, drooling and agape.
“Thank you. I just—everyone is mad at me right now, and I only want to try and do the right thing. But what everyone else thinks that is, doesn’t seem to include anything that I would normally do.” The sense of relief that Steve feels that someone, anyone is willing to talk to him as if he’s a human being is palpable. He hadn’t realized how dehumanized he felt until everyone’s regard had been taken away from him.
“Ok. I’ll think about this. Thank you, Father. I’m sorry for these and all my sins.” Steve then recites an Act of Contrition, not trusting his own words to define what he’s done.
“As a team.” Cap is a walking advertisement for those camps where you do trust falls. It makes him vomit in his mouth a little, because it’s not like the Captain would be caught dead catching Tony. Tony wonders if the Captain ever thinks about how it wasn’t that long ago he was in the war fighting nazis, and now, now he’s here, saving the world, again. From freaking aliens. Tony feels a burst of admiration for the fact that the Captain hasn’t lost his shit over all the changes he’s endured. Nope, he’s only turned into a giant asshole instead.
Steve pulls his fingers out and obscenely licks them, humming at the flavor, and Tony is so proud his alpha likes the scent, the taste of him.
“Look, I’m just being honest. That excuses me from tact, right?” He’s not sure what’s going on, but he doesn’t like it at all. Steve looks too good on that motorcycle to be real, and he’s being nice to Tony. The world isn’t right. Maybe he died in that wormhole.
“Sure, follow me to the sacristy here while I drop these off. We keep the records in the basement, along with all our other old records. Are you looking for a grandparent or great-grandparent?”
“If he can be cured, what of the humans outside?” Thor speaks, the first time Steve has heard him say anything at all. They all look at each other, Steve included.
“I want Tony Stark.” It’s a Wednesday, bright and unmemorable but for the fact that Tony is out of town.
He breathes in and out, letting his body slacken and his head fall onto the page in his lap. Crouched over his drawings, he closes his eyes.
But that moment is gone. Eradicated as surely as waves retreat from the shore. The loneliness is immense, throbbing, and it clamps around his organs, twisting and winding them ever tighter. He’s meant to be with his omega. There is very little purpose for him without Tony. This world is filled with new, meaningless things. Even from the beginning, the contract had given him purpose. And then slowly, slowly, it was Tony who became his reason. Steve doesn’t know how to be a person that doesn’t love Tony. Not anymore.
“Love you, Steve,” Tony slurs, and Steve’s heart blossoms, fierce emotion overtaking him. Their future awaits, and inside of it are hours that they will spend like this, joined together, bodies harmonious. It was all worth it. Every bridge burned with Nat and Bucky, it was worth it to have this. Every bit of his planning and effort.
“You can’t guilt me into being a sycophantic supporter of your agenda. So sorry, but I have lunch with my husband right now.” The clock turns over to 1 pm and the flood of relief hits him like a jolt of caffeine. It’s time. Steve is coming.
He shifts his hand down to clench at the hard length pressing up against his thigh, jerking it carelessly. The man groans and looks to latch onto Tony’s mouth, which the idiot should know that this is exactly like pretty woman, except in the end there’s no happy ending for all of these pathetic people. Tony dodges the lips and bites the meat of the man’s shoulder before shoving him away into the water. He pushes the woman behind him off as well before he paddles back to the shoreline for another drink.
“It’s no problem, I can show you how to use it. Take a seat, I insist.” The beta woman is bubbly and sweet, so much so that Steve doesn’t try to argue, but sits down in the cozy chair and stares at the screen in front of him. He puts his hand on the mouse, like you’re supposed to, but he’s not sure where to click. She points at the screen and he brings his pointer there.
“You seem relaxed Tony. What’s new?” Nat choses that moment to enter the kitchen, and Steve tenses up, wondering if she’s noticed his behavior. Of all the wild cards at play, Nat is the one Steve has real unfeigned fears of. If she finds out, which she may well do, he doesn’t know what her reaction will be. He suspects it would be to interfere, or stop him.
There’s no way he can rewind to the moment where Steve was tugged out of Tony’s life, but he relives it again and again, thinking if he could have just been taken with Steve. Or if maybe it hadn’t been raining.
The taste of Tony swirls around in his mouth, and he opens wide to seek more of it as his lips tighten over Tony’s cock and he pulls his hips towards Steve’s face. He’s strong enough to lift Tony just in the slightest bit to get the angle right before he swallows him whole down to the root.
Tony gasps and his entire gut flips around inside as he clenches down and lets Steve’s voice guide him straight into ejaculating. His cock twitches under Steve’s thick hand, soiling his pants and making him groan with how the waves of it crest over and over.
“Do I think he’s hiding something? Look, understanding Fury-speak is a gift that I have. A useless, useless gift. I just presume he’s always not telling the full truth and I’m always right. So yes, there’s something else.” If Fury had secondary, or even tertiary motivations that the two of them meeting was good for the Captain, he was sorely mistaken. It was on like Donkey Kong now.
“Okay. I’m sorry. Please don’t—just. If you’re going to punish me, let’s get this over with.” Tony walks forward like he’s on a pirate’s plank. The expression on his face is unimpassioned, drained of personality.
Steve aims the shield like a bludgeon, slamming it again and again into the face mask and torso of the armor.
Steve’s hair is mussed, his lips a glossy red with spit and use, pupils blown wide. The blue is still there, the sun from the window sliding behind his eyes, making them look lit from within. Steve shrugs off his t-shirt then, and unbuckles his pants faster than Tony can register that it’s happening.
“Right.” Too easy. He steps into the elevator and lets the doors close behind him. It starts to move on its own, as he figured it would, and he can feel it going downward. To the gym? The workshop? The pool? He doesn’t know, and his skin jitters with anticipation as to where Steve might be. Now, he knows Steve won’t be there when he arrives. That would be too easy of a game after all, but part of him wants to race to the very end anyway.
Steve drops to his knees, hands reaching up to frame Tony’s hips, his thumbs dimpling over the sharp bones.
Above him are Thor, the Hulk and Steve. Thor looks bemused, and Tony isn’t sure that the Hulk could be considered to have facial expressions besides smash and hulk smash anyway.
and Tony’s knees buckled under the weight of it, his chin already lifting so he could draw in more of the smell. Too late, he tucked his head back in, but Steve had seen.
“I won’t let you do this to yourself. I won’t Tony. Just try them, please.” Pepper said softly. In a morbid way, his heat issues were good cover for his other problems. Because Pepper begging him for his own life cut far too close to home.
It feels like a cruel game where the hottest men that he has a crush on accost him for intimacy, one-upping the other each time they encounter Tony.
“I– He’s not the kind to agree to what I want. But there’s– there’s ways. I looked.” Yes, Tony would fuck him, but that’s not what he wants. It’s not nearly enough.
Which is why he’s the opposite of in love with his best friend right now. His new best friend is this flask of whiskey, which he’s currently making love to with his mouth.
The lobby is blissfully empty as he exits the stairwell sans one figure. Sam stands off to the side, Redwing flitting around his head, and a trill of noise from Redwing has Sam looking up to meet Tony’s gaze.
He should have expected the hammer, but he didn’t think the man could throw that thing with the sheer amount of power he does. It slams him through several trees, scratching his precious armor and destabilizing his flight as he drags the suit on the ground attempting to stop some of the momentum. His read-out flickers, which is bad news.
“Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you. And fuck you.” Steve breathes through his nose, and counts to ten, praying for patience.
“No, no, no– I– um.” This was a bad idea of all kinds. He should go. He turns to leave, and Bucky’s arm shoots out, grabbing his bicep and holding onto it so that Steve would have to twist his arm to escape.
The Captain is interrupted by Banner, and Tony is so utterly grateful that Brucie bear is here he could kiss the man. With that, he’s off to keep shooting at Chitauri, drawing them away from the throngs of running and screaming people.
“So, what, did the island nominate you to talk me out of my self induced isolation? I said I was sorry. And it’s also not your business how things are between Pepper and me.”
“And your Omega is currently unbonded?” Steve knows these are just cursory questions. It doesn’t matter, however, because the crux of it is that what he’s going to do isn’t acceptable in much of the Omega portion of the population. Health care professionals fall in that spectrum, likely seeing the worst results of forced bonding. Steve can’t blame them, even though they’re wrong about every Alpha who does this being the same. This is different. Tony will benefit.
The door bursts open and Pepper, disheveled, strides into the room with a palpable rage pouring off her slight body.
“I could murder your eidetic memory right now.” Tony snapped, angered by his attraction. Steve eyed him like he would do anything to shut Tony’s mouth and Tony involuntarily shuddered. He hadn’t taken his suppressants in more than 24 hours.
Tony gasps around Steve’s member as Bucky abruptly shoves three fingers inside, driving straight for Tony’s sensitive prostate and rubbing. It’s abrupt, sending lighting strikes up and down his spine and frissons of electricity throughout his limbs. He jerks in time with each swipe and soon Steve’s cock is laying in Tony’s limp mouth as he simply breaths around it.
“You and I both know it’s not. Power is power.” Tony gets up and walks back over to the bar, reflexively grabbing the bottle and filling his glass even more, as if it’s something that will make Steve agitated. It doesn’t. Steve will have a handle on that aspect of Tony soon anyway. In the meantime, he lets his prey think that the trap isn’t waiting to be sprung.
“Nothing in this class is about Tony, Steve. This is about you and what you’ve done. Do you not feel the slightest shred of guilt over the fact that Tony was so ill that he required medical attention? You did that. You.”
Steve leans back to rest on his calves and Tony feels a glob of spit hit his exposed hole, which Steve follows up with a single finger, nudging at Tony’s furled entrance. He feels a sense of panic. There’s no lubricant here, or anything like it. Steve is going to take him dry and raw, and he can’t deny it scares him somewhat.
“You’re so good, Tony. So sweet for me. Want to see you like this. Yeah, that’s it.” Tony’s shoulder blades press into the couch, his spine forming a shallow slope as he arches. It’s so good. So very good. Steve is melting Tony’s inhibitions and he bites back a low moan of appreciation, wishing that he could take his pants off or reciprocate. Something, anything other than this slow, cruel descent into fire that has him melting inside even as his body grows rigid with impending orgasm.
That’s all it takes for Steve and he has Tony thrashing underneath him, gripping at his forearms, entreating with every fiber of his being to be taken. Tony is made for him, and Steve feels an overriding sense of belonging as he aims himself for Tony’s greedy hole and plunges in with a squelch of fluid. Tony is fucked out and wet with his cum, as he should be, and Steve glides through it like he was born to be this for Tony. Just this. His skin prickles with sweat as he seats himself, and Tony whines at the intrusion.
Of course Bruce is already there, set up in his own personal lab, and once he realizes that Nat and Clint are present he starts finding his way up to the penthouse too.
“Yes, it was good.” Tony’s tongue is thick, his mouth dry from drooling and moaning. At his acknowledgement, he feels a tug on his hair lazily pulling his head to the side and away from the bed, giving Steve the leverage he needs to lean over once more and kiss him. Steve’s soft lips crash into his, pressing his mouth open for hot, lapping kisses. Steve’s cock spasms again in tandem, and Tony can feel that this time, a little leaks out as Steve’s knot is no longer as tight as it was when he first came. And Steve, in rapturous possessiveness, reaches down to scoop what cum has left Tony’s ass, and proceeds to rub it on Tony’s glands as he continues latching onto his mouth.
“What is this? We’re getting called for every little thing now?” Iron Man is already tapped into their coms.
“Fine. A thousand a month is a generous food budget. After this, we’ll be eating in, and we’ll be eating what you cook.” He’s certain Tony is going to pitch a fit over this. But Tony surprises him.
“Uh, raise the mid-mast,” he points at one side of the room, and then the other, “ship the topsails. That man is playing Galaga! Thought we wouldn’t notice. But we did.” Damn it they’re still looking at him. Time for some sleight of hand.
He starts to get up, and hears the telltale whipping noise of the hammer being swung. He feints, not looking at the man before hitting him with a repulsor blast straight to the chest. It’s enough time for him to get up and blast towards the man, striking him with a kick.
His Tony is packed into Steve’s room, burrowed under the covers and surrounded by pillows. He’d taken the entire nest from the Brooklyn apartment and had it transferred here. The ride home had been almost too much for him to bear without being able to touch Tony.
“We know you’re trying. It’s hard to change. We had to give up our lives to get out. As long as you don’t make him give up his, you’re doing the best you can,” Tracy says.
“I thought I was doing the right thing. At the time it felt— it felt like the truth would burden you, drag you down with me, and I was headed towards death. Tainting our relationship with that— the future we thought we’d have, I just couldn’t destroy it. Do you understand? It’s all I’ve wanted, to be with you, for our own reasons.” He looked away towards the fires, the sounds of sirens piercing the air from all directions. If he wanted to get technical, he’d caused this. By making the suit, by being Iron Man, he’d caused the arms race to the perfection of the arc reactor. If he kept going, eventually something would come that he couldn’t defeat, drawn in by the lure of power his inventions represented. It was impossible to stop; it’s inevitable that he dreams he’d never started on this path. The one that was taking him away from Pepper, from all intimate relationships.
“You are so good, so beautiful. Look at you. How much you want this. How I want to give it to you. Tell me you want me to fuck you. Say it.” Steve’s hand rests on Tony’s ass, his thumb underneath a cheek, kneading into the slick-soaked skin there. Tony watches as he draws his hand away and sucks his thumb into his mouth. The thought of Steve tasting him, wanting him, makes him beg.
“Ok Steve. Run and be free little butter-cap-fly!” Tony waves his arms wildly, the doors popping open. It’s just Bruce and Tony right now. He steps out, flexing his back and shoulders as if they’ve been as cramped as he’s felt the past day.
“You hear that Rogers. We don’t need you. We’ll never need you.” There’s an echo of Tony in Clint’s words and it stings in the same way. What type of omega doesn’t need an alpha? He wonders if omegas in this day and age have suddenly become undomesticated. That’s impossible, but of the three omegas he’s seen so far, including the girl on the train, all have been filled with what amounts to pep and vinegar.
“Now the trial, Tony, do not go antagonizing the military industrial complex. Can you do that?” Pepper sounded desperate, and Tony didn’t really know why. If all else fails, he can blow up the suit and live in a van down by the river. Or an island.
The whurr turns into a whine and he feels the wind of an aircraft of some kind above him. Except it’s a metal man, hovering above him with arms pointed at the ground and rays of light emanating from his palms.
The keening sound that Tony makes when Steve takes his cock into his mouth is something he’ll never forget. He wants to hear that noise again, and again.
None of those thoughts seem to matter though, as pleasure starts percolating in the base of his spine, and abruptly it zips up to blind and deafen him. He comes with a yell, and for a long stretch of time, it’s all he feels. Slowly he becomes aware of Steve cradling his face, Steve’s lips on his own, stealing Tony’s breath, and licking hard into Tony’s mouth.
And isn’t that the truth. He has been assuming from the pictures he received at SHIELD that this is all there is to Tony. He’s now determined to find out more.
“I’m sorry about everything. I won’t try and hurt Bucky. I’ll do anything, I’ll blow you right now, anything Steve, please!” Tony is frantic now, and he tries to pull away from Steve’s savage thrusting. Yet he knows it won’t be effective. Steve is so many times stronger than him, it’s completely futile. But he has to try.
. If we can get all jaeger pilots to do this, we could prevent complete loss of control of the suit when one partner is disabled—”
“You’re welcome. You don’t deserve it, but I needed the relief. We’re done after this, ok? I want you because your bite is on my neck. No more, no less.”
“Next time I’ll leave off and have you deal with him. You’ve already dealt with me so well.” And isn’t that true? Tony has taken all Steve tried to put on him and tossed it back in his face. His omega is even better at defending himself than Steve is. Maybe that’s what omegas were supposed to be. Defenders of the home, the nest, as fierce as any alpha. Any alpha would have to earn the right to mate with such an omega, and Steve knows he hasn’t. He’s going to get to be with Tony for his heat, and he knows it’s not going to be enough for him. Steve is going to want more.
Bucky leans down and licks the stripe of wetness on Tony’s face before going for a nipple. It sends shockwaves through him when it’s sucked roughly into Bucky’s mouth, and Tony lets out a very submissive squeak. The man doesn’t relent; he’s merciless, tormenting each nipple back and forth with suck-bruising efficiency. Tony looks down at how peaked and red they are and locks eyes with Bucky as his lips are wrapped around Tony’s flesh.
“He hasn’t hurt me! But he’s just as bad as you are, trying to screw around with me, with my head. I know I seem… promiscuous, but that time of my life is over. I won’t stand for being jerked around.” Tony feels vindicated as he finishes and watches Bucky’s face change from angry, to wary, to somewhat chastened.
she seems to say. “Otherwise we could give him an article of clothing of yours that’s scented, but he doesn’t want that either. I know what the law says, but I ask that you respect his decision here.”
He flips them to the side, taking Tony’s body with him. He pets down Tony’s sides, and notes those bruises already forming. Cupping Tony’s ass, he thrusts into him just a little as his cock spasms again. Tony gives a thready moan, and Steve reaches back up and around with his right hand to grip the base of Tony’s throat so he can feel the vibration of it.
Bucky goes to shower and so does Steve before they meet in the Penthouse common area. Tony and Bruce are in their respective workshops, per usual, while Nat and Clint are playing “darts,” which turns out to be knife throwing. Thor is off-world. The tower never feels quite empty, but in times like these, there’s a quiet that settles over each floor. Like Steve can hear every bit of noise. It sets him on edge more than when there’s movie night or some other gathering, and the sounds become a blur.
Once a week. A day is all the space he needs to get Tony to take the pills. Steve crushes them up and adds them to Tony’s favorite foods that he delivers to Tony personally. It’s so easy, that the means seem to justify themselves.
Steve follows Tony over, and Tony flips around on the bed, his eyes catching on Steve’s groin before widening. Steve stops in front of the nest and waits for an invitation, enjoying Tony’s eyes on his body. In a move that seems calculated, but is only his desire to present to Tony, he takes himself in hand and jerks it a few times, watching as Tony’s eyes blink and then avert.
“You would have? Taken me into you, swallowed me? Let me knot you, mate you, maybe breed you?” Tony’s eyes widen and he begins to thrash, just as Steve had intended. Better to get the fight out now. Besides, with all the squirming, when Steve enters him, he’ll be so tight.
“You’re on the right track.” Steve has never been one for bullies. And he feels like trapping someone in an unbreakable glass cage counts as bullying.
Steve arrives on the scene to the tune of police and military involvement. This time it’s robots. They’re making a mess of the area they’re cordoned off in, easily repelled by the barriers that the police and military have put up, but less easily put down. Bullets bounce off their casing and only serve to deter them from attacking. Otherwise, they’re generally just destructive, picking up anything that isn’t bolted to the ground, and some things that are, and tossing it about.
“Come on, sweet pea,” Tony hums over the coms. The Iron Captain has had a few upgrades recently. Steve wants to hide them, to not use them if at all possible, but after the events of a couple of weeks ago, when Black Hawk barely made it out alive, suit dripping in acid flung from a new, unnamed Kaiju, Tony was ready to deliver the goods.
“Don’t you talk about Howard like you know a thing about him at all. And frankly, your idea of getting a handle on my life sounds invasive and downright barbaric. No one treats omegas like you’re talking about these days. Get with the times, Rogers. We’ll be a laughing stock if you don’t.” Tony’s mouth pinches into a downward sneer as he talks.
Tony looks up and his expression is hopeful, the kind of sweetness that closes a hand around Steve’s heart and squeezes, and as Steve repeats his endearments, Tony melts onto him, laying flat across Steve’s chest and tucking his head underneath Steve’s chin. The new position tugs gently at his knot, but it feels so, so good as it pulsates inside Tony.
In the morning sun, Steve is glowing. Today is going to be a good day. And who knows, perhaps they’ll run into Ezekial Stane.
everywhere. He could do this forever, wedged between these two men that he adores. The solution to this entire situation is percolating in his mind, but he’s not sure if he’ll be able to get them to agree.
“Excuse me, what? No, no, no. You own nothing. After this is done, I wipe your servers and burn those papers. This isn’t my first rodeo on privacy, thank you very much.” The fuck they thought? The last time he’d had private information sold about him, was when he’d been seventeen. He’d given an interview without Howard’s permission, and yes, he’d paid for it on both ends, but at the time it had felt like a win against Howard’s iron grip.
But here he is, running away from the fire and his friends, his mind and heart racing with him, each slam of his feet on the ground pounding in time with his pulse.
“That’s–that’s good. It’s good to know. I’m going to get back to work sweetcheeks. I’ll see you when I see you?” Tony is all false smiles now, and Steve isn’t quite sure what’s happened, but he thinks Tony is realizing what’s on offer. That he can ould have Steve as more than just another Alpha friend. Given Tony’s withdrawal, Steve wants nothing more than to comfort him. But he can’t push, so he gives Tony a nod, and leaves the man to his thoughts, hoping to see him tomorrow.
“Then I think you both owe me a date. We’ve already done most everything else.” Tony grins at them, and the sheer relief he feels is palpable in the pheromones he’s putting off. A happy omega is like an emotional air freshener for everyone within smelling distance.
So, onward with the plan. He’ll hide some of Steve’s DNA inside his body somewhere before they dissolve the mucosal plug around his cervix, have JARVIS analyze the scent left over on him to recreate it so he’d have a baseline when he starts his search, break into SHIELD’s little heat house service, and identify Steve later.
“It’s just what I said. Tell him this. Ask him to forgive you. And if you are very, very lucky, he will.”
Rhodes’s apologies are hollow, beseeching, and Tony doesn’t want to hear it. He’s so brittle, that the small cruelty of shutting out his friend is all he has that’s truly his anymore. Everything else is Steve.
Almost as if it had been timed perfectly, Steve gets a call from SHIELD. The Director, Nick Fury, wants him to come in to discuss what work he’ll be doing for the organization. Steve hadn’t considered what his source of income would be or what he’d be doing in the future, but he figures he’s obligated to work for SHIELD considering that they found him. He doesn’t know what else he would do, to be frank. Currently he’s just surviving off his back pay from the army.
His mind isn’t helping with anything as it replays the scene where Tony came at him and asked Steve if he wanted to knot him.
Steve kneels, leaning down to hook one arm under Tony’s legs and the other under his back, lifting the omega into his arms and holding him close. Tony’s thighs are slick and his midsection is flaky with spend.
His plan of attack involves delicate touches to the arms and shoulders, his fingers drifting closer to where Tony’s glands are. The first pill shouldn’t be immediately noticeable to Tony, but Steve will see the results when he caresses him. These will be light, tender, and quick movements. Nothing lingering. Only grounding.
Fury holds the bag delicately, while Tony glares at the package. He’s already been outed as caring too much, what was one more mistake?
Steve’s heart lurches. He never realized that he wanted that, but now that he sees it, it’s all he can think about. He never wanted an omega, but never did he deny that there was some fulfillment to be had in having one. It just never seemed like it was him, to have someone who wasn’t quite a partner, but more like a burden. Tony doesn’t seem to be all that much like what he suspected, yet he does remember the pictures and the profile he read at SHIELD. It’s hard to forget.
“What’s uncomfortable right now is that my gland is aching and I want to know what you’re packing so when I do go into heat, I know what I’m going to get. Indulge me.”
“It’s a very good thing then, that it’s just a few nights. Most aren’t worth keeping around, it’s true.” She said, demur, but with a certain kind of temerity when it came to admitting the product was flawed. Tony agreed: Alphas were cancelled.
Tony’s reaction incites something powerful in Steve. He can pleasure his omega. He’s wanted. Needed. Tony is rutting against his hand, precum oozing out onto Steve’s fingers.
“You won’t do anything because it would upset Tony.” She doesn’t move away from him as she makes her declaration.
As for Nat, she always knows what he’s thinking, but in this case, she doesn’t seem perturbed by it at all. It makes him irrational, angry, and he steps forward into her space, threatening.
“I would never let them use you, or hurt you. Didn’t I say you were mine?” Steve looked down, blue eyes possessive and encompassing, pulling Tony in. It made him feel that maybe, just maybe, this could work.
Tony’s eyes fly open when Steve rests his hand on Tony’s warm shoulder. They blink rapidly, and then refocus on Steve, not cataloguing anything, as empty and consuming in turns.
It’s a testament to Tony’s strength that he struggles to imagine Tony here. Tony has always been defiant, rebellious. Once he wanted to curb that. Now he thinks that he rather likes how Tony always stands up for himself, no matter what. It’s admirable.
“Let me handle this, Maria.” Rogers put a hand on her shoulder, tilting his head in askance. “I think we can all agree that my presence should smooth things over. I can watch the boy from here, and deal with Stark.”
“You are the worst thing that has ever happened to me, and I’ve had some really terrible things happen. So that’s saying a lot. Do you think I’m just going to roll over and let you manage my life? I have people I pay to do that, and they are not you.” Tony jerks his head back and shoots Steve an undecipherable expression, but one that has notes of resignation and anger.
“Oh god, it’s so bad Steve, you’re going to break me, fuck, what are you doing?” It’s never been like this before, with anyone. He’s not one for prolonged pain, but there’s something mesmerizing in it. Tony is grounded by Steve’s cock, the cold a distant feeling, the warmth of Steve and his single-minded focus on pounding Tony all he feels. Every grind of his hips against the floor and all the deep ache of Steve’s cock pressing at his prostate from the inside.
“Do you? Just because I ride your knot once, doesn’t mean I want you again. Can you live with that?”
“If you want to help Tony, then be a good husband to him. A good alpha. Don’t hurt him or force him into things he’s not good at. You’ll see underneath all of his bluster, he’s a good man. A man who has done so much for omega rights in this world. He doesn’t deserve to be treated like a second class citizen.”
“Are you even listening? The implications of this virus are off the charts of what’s known about healing and even immortality. Think of what we could change!” Tony’s eyes slide off the clock and back to Killian’s face. What he finds there is a poorly hidden condescension and the sensation that Aldrich is proving something to himself as he’s talking to Tony. Tony wants no part of any of it.
“The Avengers initiative was pencil-fucked by SHIELD.” Tony meanders away, opening the binder as he walks over to his holographic terminal.
Tony howls, there’s no other word for it, and Steve grips at his hips harder, trying to hold them both together from shaking apart. Tony’s face is scrunched up with what looks like a painful desire, his body hunched and his skin shining with sweat.
Even if this is all there is between them, Steve is sharing it with Tony, and nothing can take that away. He shivers, just thinking that Tony might still ask him to stop, to go. And Steve would have to. But he’s hopeful that Tony won’t. That Tony will keep him here in this twilight place, where time doesn’t dwell, where for once he’s thinking of nothing but this moment, here.
“Tony you’re being an idiot–” Steve was reaching behind his helmet for the safety latch, Tony’s head bowed in acquiescence.
Tony wailed brokenly, hands scrabbling at the floor as Steve laved at his entrance, pressed his lips in a mockery of a kiss as he suckled the slick out of Tony.
But it doesn’t really matter. Because in any other military field, the idea of two minds being so compatible that they lose pieces, chunks of themselves to the other person would be an immediate disqualification of service. Here, their so-called insanity is a treasure. The more compatible the team, the more tech-laden the suit. Lesser synced minds can’t handle the sensory load, but they can.
He strides over, thinking Tony has overslept, and makes to pull the covers off. Underneath is Tony, shivering in the throes of some illness. Tony is completely curled in on himself and is squeezing his legs to his chest while he pants out little breaths that sound off. The smell is cloying, lovely, and Steve reaches out to the bed to steady himself. It’s bearing down on him, and it’s overwhelming.
” Clint whoops over the coms, and Steve reaches a hand out to grasp Tony’s. Not all of it is made right yet, but it will be. Their fingers twist into each other’s, and it’s perfect.
escapes Tony’s throat at the vibrant red plug nestled inside. This had originally been one of Tony’s with a golden jewel at the end of it, but Steve has apparently borrowed it, removed the jewel, and replaced it with the image of Steve’s shield. “Oh, fuck, Steve.”
there. Waiting. Like nothing is different or wrong. Tony knows he’s no longer entrapped by the quaint notions of his formally moral self, but Rogers doesn’t know, or he shouldn’t. “Ok second rule here, no angsty freakouts. You’re done pitching a fit. Also, that name. It has got to go. What’s your real one?”
Steve wants to learn the shape of Tony, and he takes his hands back down to Tony’s ribs, gliding up and down Tony’s sides, and then begins to move his hands to the middle of Tony’s chest.
Tony squirms on the bed but stops himself from playing with the plug. With a thought, the implants in his brain respond to his desire, and the suit leaves the tower to meet Tony.
“Of all the stupid— if you weren’t Captain Fucking America, reeducation isn’t the conversation we’d be having right now.”
“Steve, do something! It fucking hurts, oh god. Please!” Steve reaches the door just as Tony has his outburst, and Steve almost kicks it in, but manages to turn the handle in his hands to push it open.
Bucky goes in for the same trick as Tony’s arms wrap around his legs. Instead of wiggling out and stepping on Tony, Bucky teeters back and forth as Tony pulls at him, trying to maintain his balance, but Tony has leverage on his side and Bucky falls, hands propped behind him to cushion their descent. Tony scrambles and pounces, jumping past Bucky’s legs as they fall to the ground and times it just right so that Tony lands over Bucky, one hand lashing out to grab the letter from Bucky’s pants.
“Things have changed so much since I was young. But I’ve seen how much more vibrant my omega parishioners are, as our laws march towards equality. There might be something to their happiness being the result of being given a choice.”
Steve has to try again. He’s shaken by Tony’s display still, his mind roiling with the idea that Tony thinks Steve would possibly ever hurt him like that. Tony put starving and beating in the same sentence, as if Steve were capable of one and thus the other. Same with control over money. He felt out of sorts, out of control. He needed to have the reins again.
He stands there, silent and brooding, unsure of where to go, or what to do. If he sketches, he’ll draw Tony. If he runs, he’ll think of Tony. Nowhere is safe.
The trees stand in stark contrasted light, and he gazes outward into the forest with longing. He should run. He should absolutely run.
“Democracy is fantastic Pep, but it’s also fucking dull, and corrupt. Didn’t you buy the rest of the people not in Stern’s high school clique?” Stern wasn’t even the ultimate Mean Girl. That award went to General Ross. The man had a perpetual boner for any supers, if his obsession with Dr. Banner was anything to go by.
