John was along for the ride, nothing he could really do to get down without help at that point, and he kind of didn’t want to. With Hyperion’s joy at having him up there suffusing the bond it actually helped calm him after the initial frantic shock that fired through John’s mind of,
came out.
The following week passed incredibly slowly for John. Nurses came and went, checking on him, bringing him food and water, changing bandages, and helping bathe him. The patients transferred in and out around him, victims of war in varying states of injury, from burns to breaks to amputees and worse; they rotated out of the beds around him.
John relaxed again at that with a laugh. “Yeah, escalated a bit,” he admitted turning his head to meet Sherlock’s lips in a soft kiss. “Escalated to a good place.” With that they did finally sink into silence, John gazing sleepily into hooded blue eyes until they drifted to sleep, content and wrapped up in each other’s arms.
(See the end of the chapter for
“The one you were aiming for is yellow,” the woman hissed. John felt a shiver of panic surface as he realized they were talking about Sherlock. These people had been waiting to ambush Sherlock should he leave the flat. Mycroft’s warning about staying in 221b seemed more like a protective act than a punishment more than ever before.
“You wouldn’t really let a dragon do that would you?” John asked, startled by the prospect of such small kids being chased by as big of a creature as a dragon.
“That sounds good of him.”
“They are not at all interested in what I have to say. If they were, there would be more intelligent comments on my latest article concerning the identification of varieties of ash,” Sherlock finally snapped, flicking off the microscope and abruptly turning to face John. “As it is all they want is a short bit of drama, they don’t just want to know about where Bellamy is. They want to know on a nearly daily basis, ‘how is she doing? why weren’t you flying over my house today? Were her scales a little duller today? Is she eating well she seems skinnier?’”
“Where have you been?” John asked, looking around the door to see a wide strip of belly as Sherlock stood and stretched.
The decision was taken out of his hands as a fully clothed someone splashed into the water next to him. The crash of bubbles only obscured the person for a moment before John was grabbed by the thick hand of a shark man. John darted, trying to get away from him, and landed a slowed kick at his face that made the man let go momentarily, but the monster was almost instantly on top of John again with an inhuman speed in the water. This time he got both of John’s arms behind his back and wrangled him into a headlock, pushing up and forcing John to the surface.
Sherlock tucked his fins in again against his body and kicked himself in an exasperated small circle. If he’d been able to huff or roll his eyes John was almost certain he’d be doing so. But Sherlock did eventually come back to him and slow down his signals to a point John could understand, it was a sluggish and mildly tedious form of communication, but at least it was something, and after nearly a month of fishy silence during the day they both were happy for something to occupy their time.
“The same thing: I’m out of the country on important business for my brother, that explanation is enough,” Sherlock said, leaning back in his chair and giving a good long stretch.
John thought as he scrambled frantically at the black leather, trying to right himself with a shoulder that was screaming in pain at the rough handling and sudden movements. When John felt himself slipping off, as he really wanted to at that very moment, she shook him back into place with a growl until he seated himself in the saddle.
John thought, eyebrows rising a bit at the bottle of liquor he certainly hadn’t ordered.
“Morning?” Sherlock mumbled sleepily. John felt him sit up behind him and turned his head to look back at the dim figure of him in the orangey lamplight through the curtains. Sherlock looked around the room as though scanning it before he flopped back down and resumed cuddling into John’s back. “It’s not morning, it’s only just gone 10pm,” Sherlock said, sleep roughening his voice to something gravely and sexy that did things to John’s stomach.
“No, probably slipped it under the door while we were asleep.” Sherlock cut John’s thought short thankfully, holding up a large yellow envelope. He popped the tabs open on it and slid out its contents, one photograph. “Oh, for God’s sake.” John saw Sherlock’s eyes roll and took the picture from him before it could be flung across the room.
“She’s gentle as a lamb; since she hatched Melinda’s never bitten anything other than her dinner. She’s just the resident boogeyman for the nestlings because they’re not allowed to deal with her until they’ve been at the Aerie for a while, This lot gets to meet her in the next few days,” she explained, nodding towards the kids, who had picked up their pace and were following even closer now that the adults were talking again.
“He gets off on being disciplined,” Sherlock said later once they were beyond the school halls and walking back towards the flat.
The fact that the pair seemed so unsuspicious was not lost on John, who had seen his fair share of criminals through Sherlock’s cases. The ones with the ugliest crimes were often the least suspect ones, people who looked average and therefore blended into society, easily darting out to strike again and fading back into the faces. The cab driver that had threatened Sherlock in their first case, a pair of syringes, one harmless saline the other a deadly poison, and no way to tell the difference, playing russian roulette with kidnapped passengers. He’d been an average face too.
He was interrupted by his phone chiming a text, making him remember Anthea’s order to contact Lestrade.
“Shit,” John cursed quietly, brows knitting together as he felt his face pale. So much for something nice for Sherlock. He’d be spending most of what he had left on a gift to make it up to Harry for abandoning her.
John refilled their cups as they ate, Sherlock sipping his down easily after that first surprise belt. They drank in turns even after the main dish was done, Sherlock’s container completely empty, much to John’s surprise. Sherlock almost always had small bits of things left over; it made John happy to know that Sherlock both enjoyed the food and ate a proper full meal.
“This okay?” John asked, squeezing Sherlock’s gloved fingers gently. Sherlock’s face did something complicated, very suddenly becoming vulnerable, biting his lower lip as he looked at their joined hands. John would swear Sherlock almost looked worried.
John just kept breathing, the dizziness fading away thankfully, and Hyperion’s end of the bond began to bleed through. Hyperion was still there at the other end of the bond, trying to pile on not only the hopefulness of flying but just general blankets upon blankets of calm and happiness, absolutely trying to overwhelm John’s fear with his own better emotions. With Sherlock’s arms still tight around him John eased back in the saddle, having not even realized he was sitting ramrod straight and tense as a piano wire. Hyperion’s end of the bond did help immensely.
They went quiet again and John had actually thought Sherlock was drifting to sleep when that deep voice spoke quietly.
Sherlock didn’t seem to know what to say to that for a moment he glanced away then his eyes came back, “They are not ‘friends’, acquaintances maybe, colleagues...” he drifted off. John was suddenly pushed by Bellamy from behind, she shifted her forelegs moving the sand and the pair of them between closer together till they were right next to each other, sand piled up around their waists. Sherlock looked to John and up to Bellamy, eyebrows raised, when he lowered his gaze again his mouth tried to goldfish out some words but nothing came for a second. “I guess I have you, though,” he finally managed, blue eyes still flicking up to Bellamy.
“You heard everything they were saying didn’t you, you’ve got good hearing,” John said, stating it as fact. ‘Yes’ and meager joy twisted with sorrow at the statement. “We’ll be okay, just gotta get you healed up properly; and hey I’m a doctor too, not one of your kind of doctors, but I can help.” He climbed up on Hyperion’s mat and patted the forearm of his injured leg before settling down to lean against it. John rested his head against warm scales. He could almost feel Hyperion relaxing, muscles unclenching behind him, wings drooping open somewhat, the overall level of tension John hadn’t even noticed accumulating slowly melted away.
“Sarai, her name is Sarai, you’ll be seeing her hatchlings shortly after the first of the year. I am Josie and I know all about you, young war doctor just came in with Hyperion, you’re still learning. Him though,” she shrugged at Sherlock, “He’s got a past breaking in over here. I expect an apology from you, young man!” She raised her voice at Sherlock, making the rider finally look at her. “Both to me and one for Sarai as you leave,” Josie finished with a very motherly huff.
Hyperion pulled John closer, resuming what must have been his original position of lying on his side. He noticed that the dragon had hollowed himself out a sort of a pit to lie in. John found himself pressed against the white scales of Hyperion’s chest in a very strange form of a hug, as the dragon laid his head and neck down in the sand, forming a wall around him. In the quiet moment John could hear the beating heart below the scales, as big as John or maybe even bigger; it let out a constant vibrating thud in his ear alongside the whoosh of breathing lungs. He was warm, really warm along his belly and John let himself sink into that. He turned and pressed his bare back to it, sliding down to sit against Hyperion’s side. As they both rested John received a light susurrus of feelings and emotions skittering across his mind, like Hyperion was whispering to him how much he had missed him, how worried he’d been that his new rider was taken from him so soon, how angry he had been at the people who had taken him, and how miserable he had felt over the days he’d been gone.
Just as quickly as they’d taken flight it ended. A short, stomach-churning, weightless drop and John felt Bellamy’s wingbeats increase in speed, the rustling of trees, and then a sudden stop as she landed hindfoot first, then the rest following till she was solidly grounded again.
“I play the violin whenever the mood strikes me; I can go for days without talking; as you can see I do conduct experiments in the flat. You are free to read whatever books you want off the shelves.” Sherlock paused in his rapid-fire list to toss an arm out in the direction of the sitting room’s bookshelves, then continued his bullet points: “I can cook but don’t often, so if you want food make it yourself; you will never enter my bedroom without my explicit permission.” Something sounded off to John about that last bit, as if that room had been invaded before and Sherlock wanted to nip any thoughts John had about it in the bud from the start.
“Sheila!”
,” John said, attempting to right himself like the beached whale he was.
A thief had picked up Sherlock’s forgotten keys from the stairs and had used it to get inside. The thief was over seven feet and had two guns. He and Sherlock fought the robber as valiantly as they could, but they kept shrinking and the robber kept getting bigger.
“Wow. Expensive.”
“And you open the door and go downstairs to your flat.”
“That I do. Far better than anything you’d read in the papers,” she threw over her shoulder.
The fire in Sherlock’s belly was suddenly changed into a very short, very taut rubber band that was two seconds away from snapping and dropping Sherlock into molten lava filled swirl of ecstasy and breathlessness. It was a coil that was going to spring up at any moment send gears and cogs flying everywhere.
Somewhere between falling in and out of dreams, John mustered the strength to order a full course Mongolian dinner and have it delivered. He was absolutely positive that he wouldn’t make it out of the flat for anything else, especially after the five minute nightmare of trying to get down the stairs to the kitchen. He hadn’t managed to take the food out of the bag and arrange it on a plate like he had been planning, but he did light a few scented candles and place them around the tiny table. Their conflicting aromas, mixed with the food gave the flat quite the smell.
“No. No! Molly, what happened to Hugh?”
“Wow, Sherlock, you’re…what’s wrong?”
Arms, crossed tightly across his thin, yet solid chest.
“What are you talking about?” he asked.
“That’s better. Now, take your left hand and put it on my head.”
She shook her head and batted at the air. “Wait a minute, wait a minute. How come you’re allowed to start with names?”
“I didn’t do this on purpose.”
Sherlock looked slightly affronted, grasping at that old familiar emotion, but it was weak.
“Should I be back here at six? How far is the restaurant?”
“What?” John asked.
“Wrong. Wrong! No, this isn’t grade school, Molly. You’re filled with charm. Show some of it! Show off some pizzazz?”
“Come off it, John. Why are you so obsessed, suddenly?” she asked.
“This isn’t going out to eat, this is a real date! He thinks its a real romantic date!”
“You got a 96.5 on your last test.”
“If you would please,” John breathed. “Get dressed...and join me...for dinner.”
“Sherlock, I love that about you,” John said.
for anyone, especially not for short, fair haired, sinewy , interesting, smart, handsome, patient, friendly, understanding, clever, never boring, and brave young men.
do things like this. Ever.”
“Ok.” Sherlock straightened and began walking to the coat rack. “I’m done. Let’s go John.”
At that Molly’s face fell even harder and she made a sharp turn in her chair back to the table and started writing in a folder.
“Oh, I know that,” said John. “I haven’t heard the end of
“He leads the way, and you put a hand on his back to lead him out of the house.”
“Nothing,” she said, giving up and slouching down on the stool.
“Um, put it in a cupboard I guess? Except the pillowcase. It’s yours.”
He thought about last year when he attempted to throw a get together for Sherlock. Only Molly had arrived on time, even though Mrs. Hudson lived downstairs. They played four different board games at the same time. Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, Molly, and him all against Sherlock.
They stared at each other for a few seconds. “I- I got…,” Molly stood up, suddenly, and crossed her arms over her chest. “We- I- Cou- J-john... whatdoyouliketodoforfun?”
“John,” he whispered again, the coil knotting deep in his belly only one breath away from popping.
“Yeah,” John whispered, his hot breath caressing Sherlock’s neck and curling around his ears. “Nervous about that exam coming up?” The rubber band tightened a notch and his arms began trembling inconsolably. John’s scent was intoxicating. Every nerve on Sherlock’s body was alive and screaming with sensation. John’s hands were tracing fiery lines into Sherlock’s muscles that were smoldering long after his fingers moved away.
“I’ve always loved you, John. I’m sorry I couldn’t give you a happier ending.”
“Do Sherlock!”
“We’re not going out,” Sherlock said flatly.
It wouldn’t take turning into a proton to keep them apart. All it would take was John’s stupid, big mouth.
He didn’t so much as smile.
“That man is an utter nutcase,” he muttered to himself.
There was silences for a few moments, before Sherlock came running up the stairs with a bottle of wine and a silk pillowcase.
“I’m dying Sherlock,” John said.
What case, John had no idea, because Sherlock hadn’t had a case for the past two weeks. Maybe Sherlock thought he was so stupid that if Sherlock said the word ‘case’ with enough urgency, it would appeal to John’s sense of duty and he would do whatever Sherlock said.
Future Army Medic John Watson and Sherlock Holmes: Consulting Student exchanged looks and this time their giggles could not be stifled.
“As if I’d do anything to spare you being upset. If I wanted to reschedule, I’d say so.”
“Ah. Ahahaha. It’s a surprise. Get here at six though. That’s a good idea,” John said, his mind involuntarily flitting to that super exclusive hole in the wall restaurant on the Thames that was always booked solid. “Now about those errands of yours.”
The doorbell rang.
“I know. Wish I could,” John took a deep breath, pushing back a roll of weakness. Standing was doing him no favors. “Say the same...for you.”
In those minutes, Sherlock swore that this was it. He was completely finished with this tutoring sham, and once John arrived he’d tell him exactly what to do with that easy smile. Sherlock had never been so affronted, so offended at having to actually
His face was grim, as if he were walking towards his own execution.
“I don’t have any of that.”
John took a swig, and gagged. “What the fuck is this?”
Legs, locked at the knees, making him taller than any person that age had the right to be.
“Change the scene, Sheila.”
He could easily imagine spending the rest of his life with Sherlock, and have a near panic attack thinking about having to get married to someone else and starting a “real family.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “John, I hate surprises. I’ll let it slide this time though.” Then he looked down at his bouncing knees and did something funny with his face.
Their breathing got louder and shorter and their movements got more frantic until finally, John gave on final tug that sent him spilling onto Sherlock’s flat stomach with the other boy following not soon after.
“You could have just cancelled it. You didn’t have to poison yourself,” Sherlock said, sweeping off his coat and dropping it on a chair.
And somehow John knew that meant shrinking extremely small and invading the robber like a microbe, just like in Antman.
“No, it’s not nothing. What happened?”
“Back for what?” John groaned. He had given up, and was staring at Sherlock’s shoes.
“Listen, Sherlock, I know I gave you the wrong impression, and I’m sorry, but I swear I
“It’s because he pays attention to you, isn’t it?” John said. Nearly said. He didn’t say that.
“I already told you I didn’t do this on purpose, so if-”
Soon-to-be Army Doctor John Watson is no idiot. Thanks to Mike Stamford, he knew far more about Sherlock than Sherlock could possibly guess. It started when he noticed that a strange man with dark hair and wickedly long legs kept staring at him during their Caribbean and African Literature in French lectures.  Mike just so happened to be acquainted with that crazy haired man and even offered to introduce the two.
John’s tongue swirled around the shell of Sherlock’s ear right before gently stroking his cock through his trousers.
He stared up at the ceiling, his breathing labored. He was in the middle of some weird, sexuality shock, wasn’t he? The physical manifestation of all his whacked out hormones and adrenaline.
Yes, Sherlock Holmes: Consulting Land Snake was waiting for the soon-to-be Army Doctor John Watson, fellow upperclassman and chemistry major.
Well, when he said it like that it didn’t sound so nice.
John didn’t try to suss that one out. He stepped in front of her, blocking off her view of Sherlock’s profile curving into the fluorescent microscope.
John chuckled a bit before sitting up and scrubbing his face with a hand.
his way.
Molly’s eyes flicked up as if she were genuinely in thought.
and his shoulders were just so broad and thin like the swooping planes of a mountain or something.
“Now, what if he says yes. What will you say?”
“So, John. What do you do?”
“AND. I’M. gone.” John shrugged and walked back to her. “Not bad, Hooper.”
Molly smiled slightly and leaned her elbow on her folder.
John scrubbed a hand over his face. He inhaled and exhaled, waiting for the surge of adrenaline to empty out of his valves.
“Wait, Sherlock, wait!” he suddenly gasped and flipped them over so that Sherlock was lying on his back and staring up at John.
John paused, his face dipping into a heavy frown, his hand falling lax.
“What?” John asked. “What’s that?”
Fortunately, John knew this.
John’s hand crawled down his shoulders and rubbed his pectoral muscles and gently brushed past his nipples.  Sherlock sucked in a shaky breath through his nose and the rubber band got stretched one more notch.
“Perfect! You move on with your life. You’ve got a natural talent.”
Sherlock carefully levied him off his lap, and placed a pillow under his head before answering the door.
Molly managed to beat him at Uno.
His heart dipped into his stomach.
He opened his mouth twice without saying anything, then he stood. He picked up the dragging ends of the blanket it, and tucked it tightly around John, avoiding his eyes, then spun him around and led him to the couch.
Sheila bit her lip. “What do you
“Ok, Sheila, that’s enough. I’m not-”
“I didn’t mean to ask you out on a date. It was an accident.”
John arrived to an empty and dark flat. The winter sky had clogged the sun with clouds, and had laced the walls with shadows.
Oh no...the sushi. But it had looked so good that morning!
“Fine, upstairs. Then you-”
Not that this wasn’t a problem John didn’t desperately want to solve.  He had never met a person quite like Sherlock and knew he probably never would again. The man just oozed intelligence and grace at the age when boys still suffered from mouth breathing and unstoppable sweating.
Molly shook her head violently, her ponytail flopping against her cheeks.
“Sher-” Sherlock went into his room and slammed the door. “-lock.”
“What? I’m trying to be serious and you’re the one continuing to tell jokes. Not funny, by the way. Ok a little funny, but seriously. Tell me why you can’t go on a date with Sherlock. You’re wildly compatible, you obviously find each other attractive. Being roommates shouldn’t be such an obstacle.”
“Of course we’re at a bar, where else am I ordering a scotch?”
Molly’s nose twisted slightly, and John tapped his knuckles against the desk. “Any available guy.
Definitely not.
John exhaled. The emotions that provoked were not unlike the emotions he had the day he got shot, wondering if the bullet hit a main artery, and if that was his last day on earth.
It was that time of the day again. The halls of the university were empty of the pitter of energetic feet and the chatter of inquisitive minds. The reddening afternoon sun was slanted through the tall row of picture windows that lined the hall to the classroom that was currently being guarded by one Sherlock Holmes: Consulting Student.
Sherlock looked at the melting scented candles dripping on the wood. “The thought of falling in love with me made you sick. And yet you persisted to order-”
“Sheila, give me the goddamned phone.”
Some time after he ordered the food, John realized what a blessing it was to be in 2017. People would deliver things directly to your bedroom door. All it took were the dozen or so numbers on his credit card, Granted, he would probably have to cancel that same credit card in the morning, because he had no idea about half the stores he used it on.
John tipped back the whole cup, and exhaled through his teeth with a growl. “I’m straight.”
“I am!” He leaned his face into his hands. “I
“You go into your room, and dry off your hair and your body. You get a nice crisp shirt and suit from your closet, and spray on a little cologne. You’re feeling fresh and sharp and completely calm. Then you go out into the living room and there’s Sherlock- keep your eyes
?” Sherlock spat, looking like he was two seconds from flinging John from his lap.
John’s eyes widened comically. “Really? Then I take it that you don’t normally-”
“Being straight doesn’t mean forcing yourself to do or not do things. Live your life for yourself, not some dictionary definition.”
“Not really.”
“Mhm,” Sherlock whimpered, his mouth once again pressed into a tight thin line. He no longer trusted his voice to not scream, “
She stared at him for a second, her lip quirking up, then straightening. “What?”
“A detective!” John gasped. “Do you work at the precinct?”
Sherlock didn’t answer. He was staring intently at the cup of tea, his fingers tapping against his thigh.
He sat in his chair, then the couch, then went to lay down on his bed.
“Did I? Oh, christ. I’m losing my goddamn mind.”
John didn’t have the heart, soul, or strength to call him.
“Don’t know where you’re going with this, but thank you, Molly. Got it at Harrods.”
John caught Sherlock’s other hand with his own, almost without thinking, entwining their fingers. Having to sit in the face of such blatant, pure truth was almost searing him to the bone. Sherlock deserved far better-
John let his eyes flit around Sherlock’s face briefly, the tight mouth, the red cheekbones, the tensed shoulders.
“Please, John,” Sherlock begged. “Let me touch you. Please.”
“Not really.”
“I believe you,” he replied.
He had said something devastating before he left. John couldn’t remember.
Next time? Of course there would be a next time.  Did he honestly think John would have anything to do with him in public? No, this was only for the sex. Sherlock had set himself up as the whore who had lurid trysts in abandoned classrooms and now he would have to live with it. It would possibly be the only way John would even talk to him.
“Um, um, what?” Sherlock snapped.
“John,” Sherlock sighed while trying to infuse it with warning. His hand spread over John’s and lightly as the rugby player continued to rub small circles. John pressed a small kiss right on his pulse and the coil sprung open.
Was it-
Dark hair, which was hiding pale skin crawling from boredom and annoyance and eyes, practically white and catching every stray bit of data and detail that might be able to prophesize how long he might have to continue to wait.
“Oh you don’t?” John asked, cocking his head. “You don’t see it? Besides the huge, red, whopping fact that I’m
Sherlock looked at John. “For-” he lowered his wrist, and his voice went soft. “For our date.”
“Oh my god,” John moaned.
“You’re sitting in a lesbian bar, John! We’re both sitting in a lesbian bar!”
“Out of pity,” Sherlock said. He extricated his hands.
To any common passerby, he would be the picture of phlegmatic stoicism.
“He’s all tall and long and poured into a dark blue suit. He’s very handsome, and he’s smiling at you.”
“What are you doing?” John called, to no answer. He had no strength to stand and investigate. He could only glare in the general direction of the kitchen. Sherlock didn’t come out. A few minutes later, there was the whistle of the kettle and Sherlock placed a steaming cup of tea and cold toast on the table next to the takeout.
“Have you ever asked a guy out?” John asked.
“I could help you get the extra three point five.”
The hand on his head laid there heavily as Sherlock talked, sparingly at first, then more ardently. After a few minutes, it began moving of its own volition, carding through John’s hair, and playing with his ears.
Molly shook her head.
“Well? Am I going to be talking to myself in here?” He asked, throwing his hands up.
“Sherlock thinks you’re taking him on a date, and I bet he’s so excited. You’re just going to take that away from him?”
“John, I have to step out for a few hours,” Sherlock said, spending an inordinate amount of attention on his left cufflink. “But I’ll try to manage my time smartly. 8pm is the usual time for events like this, so I’ll try to be back by 6.”
John leaned his elbows against the table. He’d been in Bart’s for the past hour, waiting for Sherlock to finish ‘one quick thing.’ Every time he threatened to leave and continue on with his day, Sherlock would hop off the stool saying, “John I’m almost done, I promise. This is vital to the case!”
He tucks his forehead down against his tiny knees and covers himself as best his can with his skinny arms. In that very instant the creature is upon him; he feels its hot breath snorting across his exposed skin.
Go! Go! Go! Sherlock cries to his body, but it betrays him like it never has before and instead he crumples over, folding over himself on the forest floor.
The boy takes an apprehensive step backwards and it happens so fast upon Sherlock could swear the man reacted before he did. That deep animal rumble resounds once more, louder this time, as the man bolts forward at a full run, growling, snarling. Sherlock begins turning to run away himself when he sees something that freezes the boy to the spot.
Both men whip their heads in his direction.
He looks forlornly towards his empty pockets, having been unable to find any of the species he’s been searching for. It must be because they need less direct light, more of the dark damp moistness of the woods. Biting his lip he thinks about his mommy worrying. But then, his neighbor’s remaining dogs - Tago and Dougie - come to the front of his mind. They’re both large-breed mixes, sweet dogs, but not a whole lot of common sense between them. They’re always running into the woods almost as much as they love running down the beach.
“What on Earth…? Boy, are you alright?”
Sherlock eagerly follows the order, feeling the feral man’s dark eyes bore into the back of his head.
It’s over. He’s dead.
Sherlock swallows, trying to keep his pounding heart from leaping into his throat.
“Please, don’t!” He screams, out loud this time, as he peers up at the wolf - more than a wolf. The enormous beast has now travelled more than three-fourths the distance towards him.
The morning is bright and clear, an azure sky so painfully beautiful the child has to spend several minutes on his back in the soft grasses next to the large mulberry bush just staring up at the wondrous vastness. He’s recently begun learning violin and he hums to himself an etude as he goes over in his head all that he needs to accomplish that morning.
“No, you have to listen to me." Sherlock screams. "He’s not a man; he’s a wolf. He’ll kill you!” Sherlock shrieks and screams, using his tiny fists to bat at the man's shoulders as he's carried away back through the woods, and eventually taken home.
“He’s a wolf! Be careful!” Sherlock screams.
It continues like this for minutes. Then, several more minutes pass. Time slips by, on, and yet the wolf continues his slow pace around the boy, not attacking but not stopping either. Sherlock is ever aware of its heat, and its salivating snarling fervor.
Sherlock doesn’t even notice him at first, too busy hunched over a small promising looking bush growing out of the base of a massive tree root.
Virginia gasps and swoops up her tiny son immediately.
Sherlock’s not hungry in the slightest, but if he doesn’t come home mommy and daddy will worry, and worse yet, might come look for him. If they catch the young boy this far in the woods he’ll be in trouble for sure.
Sherlock stands up on shaky legs now that he’s sure the man is close enough to see them. Quite the pair they must make, too: a dirty vagrant with a leering look and a small frightened child.
He’s three years old when he begs his mommy for days to let him have one, refusing to eat until he gets one. Finally relenting, his mommy takes him to the local pet store and offers to get him a poodle or a terrier.
Sherlock gasps and lifts his head, taking the risk in the hopes he’ll be seen before the wolf can attack. If he remains small and folded on the ground the man might miss him completely.
Suddenly his mother’s voice distantly peals through the trees.
“Wolf? Did you hit your head, boy?” The first man asks, both incredulous and concern bleeding through his voice.
In his mind, he checks off all the plants and mushrooms he’s already collected and tested samples from around his home and beach, then thinks about the ones remaining. He bites his bottom lip. While he can’t be sure, the book he read about local vegetation indicates those plants are likely forest-dwelling plants. He can’t take a risk and not find out for certain; he’ll need to go into the woods to gather.
Three days ago their neighbor’s golden labrador died from a poisoning. Their dogs are known to go wandering about and the prevailing thought is that they got into some poisonous bush or fungi. Worried that one of their other dogs might eat the same dangerous plant, the boy is determined to find out what caused it.
The outer wolf shape, fuzzy at first, as it approaches at inhuman speed, clarifies, solidifying until it’s a feral massive wolf, a slobbering entity getting closer and closer.
His mouth falls open. His would-be devourer of huge proportions shivers and withdrawals, going fuzzy again, reducing and shifting  back down to become the man he was before.
Another person comes crashing through the thicket. This one is wearing a uniform of some kind and carrying a rifle by his side.
“No, no, no! Mommy, big doggie!” He stomps his tiny foot. “I want a big dog. Like that one.” He points to an enormous mastiff and moves towards its cage.
He’s quickly hoisted up into the arms of the first man. “Where are you from little one? Did he kidnap you? Are you hurt.”
Sherlock screas. His tiny knees buckle.
He doesn’t know how much time has gone by like this, perhaps hours even, but eventually, through the din of the beast’s teeth gnashing a distinctly human male’s voice is heard, though muffled like he’s still some distance away but the wolf’s noises have caught his attention. “Ho! Who goes there? Stop and stay where you are!”
“Don’t you dare move.” The second man spits out.
There’s an odd, far-away snuffling sound, and for a split second the boy thinks it’s one of Lawson’s dogs. He leaps up looks over in its direction. The sound changes immediately; no longer the sedate sniffing of before, what he hears now is a low, a very low, almost impossible to hear, rumble. Could that be Dougie? Surely it’s too low.
“That’s him alright. Carl Powers, you fucker, you remain exactly where you are.” The second man yells as he raises his rifle.  The man - Carl - gives that same low growl that reminds Sherlock of that snarl he heard before the beast first attacked and transformed.
“He’s going to run. He’s a wolf.” Sherlock cries again. These idiots are acting like they’re dealing with a ne'er-do-well man, not a blood-thirsty beast.
Sherlock trembles and whimpers, and thinks,
“A cute little puppy for a cute little boy.” Virginia Holmes coos, ruffling his fluffy curls.
They end up getting a pekingese, who ends up being his mommy’s dog. Sherlock likes the small dog just fine. She’s nice enough, but she yips and is terrible for exploring with, and mommy doesn't like for her fur to get muddy at any rate. Overall, Sherlock doesn't think of her one way or another.
Standing about 40 feet away, slightly obscured by a small tree and looking directly at Sherlock in such a way that any relief he might have felt  in seeing another person out here in the dark and dangerous woods where any number of huge animal could kill him, disappears, replaced by a heavy unsettling fear. The man isn’t lean but he looks gaunt, longish thick hair spilling across his bearded face. The man looks like he’s been on the run and hasn’t eaten a good meal in some time.
He thinks of his mommy. She will be sad but she’ll be okay. He thinks of Mycroft, how he will be sad but also too busy to care much. Then he thinks of Tago and Dougie. They might die now.
Being an incredibly imaginative child he’s never run out of games to play by himself in the places where he is free to roam, having the land close to home and the beach open to himself; so it’s never been a draw for him one way or another. But today...today he knows he’ll need to explore further.
“Darling, no! He’s much to large. He’ll hurt you. Even if he doesn’t mean to he'll hurt you.” She soothes, trying to assuage the now crying child who is holding out both hands in a grabby motion towards the massive dog. For his part, the mastiff just cocks his head and begins howling in unison with the boy's plaintive whines, causing a huge commotion in the pet store.
He’ll have to hurry, though. He and mommy are supposed to work in their flower garden directly after lunch. They normally make it a late-afternoon activity but today daddy is having some guests from work come over and everything has been pushed up to make room for the visit.
Legs, set to bolt down the hall and personally drag the offending person who put him in such a state in the first place from whatever hackneyed affair he might be participating in and throw him, arse over head into the room.
“The Black Dahlia, Sherlock. The most famous true crime case in the world?”
Lovely name. Can I buy you a drink?”
“H...What will you have?”
Sherlock’s eyes flickered to his, widening slightly. Minutely, John saw his shoulders relax a little and he hesitantly reached up for Sherlock’s cheek.
. I’m actually panicking right now.”
Sherlock frowned, but did so, and let out a small yelp when John keeled sideways, right into his lap. He shifted, until he was comfortably arranged on the couch, and he could look up at Sherlock.
Everyone around them started clapping. It was like the scene at the very end of the Titanic. John realized that this was a dream and Sherlock really was dead, and that if he opened his eyes he’d wake up. He kept his eyes shut, kissing Sherlock and crying, despair growing so deep in his chest it was almost choking him-
“You know, a glass of red wine a night is said to enrich the body,” John said. “I can corroborate that. I have an M.D. Here’s your water.” He mimicked sliding a glass to her.
to be tutored! What irresponsibility, what boorishness, what-
“John, would you give me a few minutes! You know I wouldn’t leave you like that, but I just came back from an especially grueling investigation and I’d like-”
John froze, and shut the door before he could respond. “Right! Well I have errands, too! I’ll see you later!” He stopped only to shove on his sneakers and his coat, before flying out the door.
John sighed and leaned against the bar.
It didn’t mean he was automatically promised to Sherlock, right? He could go out with anyone he wanted. That’s what Sheila had said. He could marry Idris Elba if he wanted to.
He had been standing there for about 10 minutes.
“Do I?” Sherlock muttered while flipping nonchalantly through the textbook.
. I’ve been exactly where you’re at. Don’t do anything rash. Give yourself time to brea-”
Sherlock had just turned 19 and was still shaking off the last vestiges of puberty, so hormones could possibly be a factor in this. John was almost 20 and had been with a few people already, and so of course he was a sexual genius capable of diagnosing any case that c
“J-john,” Sherlock stuttered and followed the other man’s hand with his eyes.
“Good one, Johnny,” someone called from the back.
Ok, so hypothetically speaking what if he was bisexual? What did that mean? What did that have to mean?
“Hey, Johnny-boy!” A woman called from the pool table.
John paced the streets of London, a disheveled and bedraggled man. He ducked into his favorite pub ignoring the fact that it was eleven o’clock on a Saturday.
“Ice water will be fine,” she drawled.
“Sherlock?” John asked. He hadn’t moved from the position Sherlock had placed him in.
No one answered.
“I never said anything like that!”
“Oh! Ok, ok, th-that’s a lovely sweater,” Molly said, sitting even straighter.
“Oh- oh, sorry! I didn’t mean that!” she said. Her hands went over her eyes, and her ears turned a dangerous red.
an exam coming up,” John muttered and removed a hand from his chest to smooth down his shirt.
John realized he could easily hold Sherlock’s hand and take a walk around the block, or put and arm around his waist. The only thing stopping him was him.
Sherlock raised his hand, dubious, and stopped before it made contact. “John, are you-...you’re not mocking me, are you?”
“Well, do you mind?” John asked with a slight frown. “If you’re not comfortable, I’ll-”
The end.
Again, Sherlock obeyed. He unpacked the food, going so far as to make himself a plate before saying, “I didn’t prepare to eat this early. And I’d feel odd eating if you weren’t eating.”
“We did, when we were younger. Now, however, no. My gift to him is not annoying him with my presence on Christmas day. Considering how our last Christmas dinner went, I believe he relishes my absence.”
Walking down the hall John heard a low whining noise resonating through the door to Bellamy’s pit. He was nearly about to ignore it and obey the order to wait with Hyperion when the thought of Sherlock returned to him. John still hadn’t gotten to check and see if he’d swallowed anything; for all he knew Bellamy was lying in her pit cradling a dead rider.
The jerking movements slowly tapered off, the up and down didn’t go away completely, but the severity of the motion did. John lay panting on the mats next to Hyperion, shaking hard.
“Holmes?” John picked up on the name immediately, turning to look at the man still waiting prim and proper behind them. “You’re a Holmes?”
He grabbed John’s head and cleaned his face meticulously before planting a soft kiss on John’s dried lips, holding there for a very long moment before he finally pulled away with a sigh.
Following a short and cryptic conversation the car was quiet again, and John had no idea where they were or even really where they were going, though he hoped that at least they were heading south after Sherlock. And then they stopped. John looked out the window only to see brown fencing with a gate number on it.
Sherlock just rolled his eyes and continued walking, John following along. Bellamy had curled up into a massive silver lump in the sand and didn’t move as they made their way around the perimeter. Looking at her though set a spark in John’s mind, she’d helped him today, so had Sherlock, immensely. John had never imagined actually ever liking a flight, but they had worked together to make it so. John’s felt his heart swell at the thought, Sherlock had taken his time with John, been reassuring, instructed Bell to move slowly. Sherlock had actually cared for him.
Hyperion was sitting up getting ready for his walk when he noticed John rifling through the box still near the door. Hyperion stood and walked slowly up behind John. John could feel him coming behind him, could feel the curiosity brewing in Hyperion’s mind about what John was looking at. He gingerly sat right behind John and nosed at his back, trying to get John to move so he could see. John shifted for him. Most of what he’d uncovered was unimpressive: old civilian clothes, books, both medical texts and not, a stethoscope, a little red laptop with a dead battery and no charging cables, random bits from Harry’s medicine cabinet. Average bits from an average life. John sighed. At least she’d sent his things.
“You’re naked, I’m naked,” John grinned as he watched the dragon thinking about it, contemplating his own constant animal nudity versus John’s temporary human nakedness and came to a final conclusion of ‘yes, I don’t mind.’ The flittering images skipping across John’s mind were of himself stripping compared with another picture of Hyperion’s full harness being removed, bits of gear shaking away, and a sudden rush of watery coolness replacing the leather straps.
John couldn’t take his eyes off the pair once they landed there. Partly because seeing a naked shark woman was an intriguing sight; there were no breasts, no nipples, just flat muscled planes and faint dark tiger-like markings.
“I don’t mind, you’re still learning. He’s a South African Mountain Springer, a sort of Hummer variety from the east side of the African continent,” Mrs Hudson told him
“And anyway, since when do the nestlings report to you? it’s not like they come to the flat,” John asked thinking back over the months and, no, he hadn’t ever seen a nesting in the flat. He’d seen a couple come visit Mrs Hudson downstairs, they’d bring her things from other residents of the Aerie and help Angus carry the shopping, things like that. But he’d never actually seen one come up to see Sherlock, not that he really wanted them to, with the various hazards of the flat and experiments in progress scattered around at any given time.
John smiled and moved over to peck Sherlock on the cheek again. “Ours,” he said, pulling off his jacket and tossing it onto the small chair in the corner. “Now then, you wouldn’t happen to have something I could sleep in?”
“Freakish?” Sherlock supplied, looking at John out of the corner of his eye. John felt a bit like he was being silently judged for something he hadn’t said.
The hopefulness blossomed again on the bond, shifting all the way to a bright happiness as Hyperion quickly turned his head to the sky and let out a bellow that vibrated John in his seat. If he hadn’t been in the grips of fear, he might have enjoyed the unusual sensation as Hyperion did it again, calling up at Bellamy with a huge booming sound. Another call or two and the large silver wings were angling her down into a speedy dive that they pulled out of just in time to land gracefully in front of them.
Hyperion on the other end of the bond caught on to John’s depressing thoughts and gave him a happy nudge, the thoughts of ‘together now’ and a sense of ease flowing across. John had to concede to that point, at least Hyperion was already trained and matured. As much as John felt the desire for times like the younger riders were sharing with their dragons, he knew he was not quite as youthful as them, and with his injuries factored in as well John was glad he’d gotten the seasoned Hyperion.
“Have you sent it?” Sherlock asked urgently bustling back into the kitchen in a familiar fashion to how he’d burst out of his room that morning. John let out a long ‘errrr’ as he finished punching in the last few letters. Too long of a pause for Sherlock who impatiently asked again “Well, have you done it?”
“I’m sorry. Was trying to check on Sherlock. Making sure he is OK. I am with Hyperion like I was told to do.” John replied.
Hyperion was up for his walk before John even asked, and walked a few laps with John, cane in hand, limping along beside him before dinner. A visit from the therapist, some light reading about harnesses and repair, things not about flying, and then it was off sleep for John.
“Yes. The hatchlings lay out and dry a little, get used to breathing air and stretch out of their eggs, and then their riders feed them. They get all messy and dirtied up with the first feed and that is when the bonding begins, that first contact made over food.” He glanced over at Hyperion, who had closed his eyes again, and back at John. “If an injury were to happen it would be there; a clumsy tooth here a flailing claw there, but nothing serious usually happens. The riders name them after that. Then the pairs are lifted onto fancy litters and carried to their assigned pit to get cleaned up. After that, they sit and bond properly for five days straight, like you’ll be doing now.” Lestrade finished. The whole event sounded intriguing to John. He still had no idea how riders ended up with their dragons and his was no means of comparison.
“The songs are one of the best bits of the season. You’ve never gone caroling, have you?” John asked trying to imagine a pale and sullen younger Sherlock as part of a group of carolers, knowing what he knew about Sherlock’s past he actually did doubt it.
John looked up at Hyperion, feeling fear for the first time radiating from the dragon in strong enough waves to know it was not fear for himself, but fear for John, intermingled with the fierce urge to protect. The soldiers had them pinned up against the wall, firing range style; any move to run and John would have been gunned down instantly.
John watched enraptured as Sherlock came across his stomach, white pulses surging sluggishly from him to cover John’s hand after the initial spurts. And John didn’t let up, continuing to milk him with slow tugs and powerful thrusts. He wanted his own orgasm now, wanted to follow Sherlock over the edge. Sherlock was coming down from his, slumping astride his lap, but John was still going, thighs burning with the strain of maintaining the driving pace with the almost dead weight of Sherlock in his lap. Sherlock clenched around him trying to help him achieve his goal, a hand fumbled back to feel behind him and John felt those long fingers on either side of the place they were still connected, pressing at the underside of his cock as it disappeared and reappeared from that ring of muscle, it felt strangely incredible, and finally John felt the rush of orgasm, that high as he finally came inside Sherlock, thrusting hard a few more times between fingers and into that tight ring, clinging to Sherlock, before going limp, panting.
“I know I’m not really a writer but now I’ve got this blog business sorted I’ll give it a try. Hello, I’m alive, and back in London. Well, just west of it at least. I’m living at the Aerie now. I have a flatmate named Sherlock, he has a blog too, and you wouldn’t believe how I ended up here...” He’d started small and conversational, adding a link to Sherlock’s website and then going from there. He didn’t over share, unsure of how much he should reveal about living inside the Aerie or how much of Aerie culture would be taboo to share with outsiders.
“I don’t think I’ll be following Sherlock anywhere soon, Bellamy’s got him pinned good in her pit at the moment,” John replied.
The lights were out in the rest of the flat, the fire banked down for the night. The yellowy glow of the standing lamp near the sofa flicked on and John heard the very familiar leathery crunch of weight hitting the sofa cushion. He peeked around the corner of the kitchen door to see Sherlock lying in a lump on said piece of furniture.
“You put that back!” Sherlock bellowed, as they both reached the top of the stairs. Dimmock and Sally stood in the kitchen going through cabinets while Sherlock berated them from the sitting room.
John left the box there by the door and, taking up his cane, started Hyperion’s daily walk. As they walked John explained to him who Harry was, Hyperion being curious for more about this sister thing. Victor had been an only child and Hyperion had been from a clutch of males he’d never really known, and the females in the Aerie weren’t family.
Another crouch and leap and they were airborne, the smaller dragon’s wings beating faster to get them aloft before leveling off to swoop towards the grey labyrinthine structure of the distant Aerie.
“Forgiveness, John?” Sherlock’s mind replied quietly. His body burrowed underneath John’s slightly, a submissive motion even though the thought carried little to no color of it. Forgiveness asked for with the emotion of expectation, underlined with genuine want for the thing.
“This will be fine,” Sherlock said, stopping John from babbling any further. John watched as Sherlock stirred his pasta a bit, twirled his fork, then took a first bite. Sherlock sat cross-legged with the takeaway container held in his lap. He brought the box up half way as he took the bite and quietly slurped the pasta between his lips, his tongue darting out to lick the corners of his mouth. “Thank you.” John saw Sherlock’s mouth form the words, so sucked in by watching him eat for a moment that he’d forgotten about his own food.
“They’re a
“Simple science,” Sherlock replied casually, returning to his salad. John pretended he didn’t see the small smile that sheepishly curled the corners of his mouth, and unpacked his own small salad.
Ah, but Sherlock shuddered under him and John, so close to Sherlock’s open mind, got a sudden memory from Sherlock’s perspective of the first time John had brought home a vibrating toy.  The vividness of the remembrance sent a flush of arousal prickling across his skin. John had learned about the joys of a good vibrator from his first human ex-girlfriend, and once he finally entered a sexual relationship with Sherlock he’d been keen to share the pleasure with him as well. That first time Sherlock had been so skeptical about the little saucer sized disk that he’d nearly pushed John off the bed in surprise before clutching the humming device closer to himself and rubbing it along his skin. John had taken over from there, showing him how much fun it was with someone else holding it and pushing him upwards into a rather spectacular orgasm.
John blushed and quickly tried to look anywhere else. She chuckled at his embarrassment, “My name is Irene Adler. I will be one of your carrier’s escorts today,” she said with a soft smile.
“John, oh,” Sherlock cried, hands moving up from John’s waist, clawing up John’s back to pull him closer into a veritable bear hug, pinning John’s cock between their bellies as Sherlock began kissing and sucking his neck. And then they were rolling, John gasping happily as Sherlock rolled them over to get a new position.
Sherlock held onto John, breathing him in as John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck kissing him there and enjoying the way it made Sherlock hug him infinitesimally tighter when he kissed his way to a more sensitive spot of skin. Distantly John heard the chiming of a clock, Mrs Hudson’s down stairs, as it chimed the hour. He didn’t much care, he enjoyed indulging in Sherlock finally after months of resisting the urge. A bit of that struggle remained as he had to stop himself from trying to rub against Sherlock. The chiming continued,
“Oh? John is it? Johnny boy you’ll make for a really nice meal for somebody, or something, I could just have you dropped in the middle of the Atlantic ocean and let nature take its course too.” She started giggling a little. “So many ways to kill people when you have the power to turn them into sea creatures.”
“What?”
“Do you really want to do this, Sherlock?”
he thought looking up at the larger tuna trolling along in circles up near the surface.
“Sherlock,” John called abruptly, something must have sounded off in his tone as Sherlock paused at the call. With a questioning hum he started to turn. Only to be met by John who had kept moving. This was a moment, like the one they’d shared weeks before. John stopped inside Sherlock’s personal space and wrapped his arms around him tightly, insinuating his arms under Sherlock’s to hug his chest.
“You forgot your tea,” John said, and even as he said it the suggestion that that could be remedied while still in the shower was a little ridiculous. There was a long pause and the sound of running water continued to fill it.
Sherlock looked up at his brother’s tone. “He attacked me.”
“Greg!” John called as the two turned to leave. The Master paused, looking at him. “Thanks. For this,” he finished lamely, holding up a corner of a blanket. Lestrade just smiled.
The size of the marks struck fear into John’s heart, a dragon that big was rare on the battlefield and even more dangerous; he needed to get back to his unit.
“Well yeah, its not every day we have a field-bonded rider come in. Is it true you bonded with him in the middle of a firefight? Lots of different stories going around about the circumstances. There’s a few who think you bonded mid-flight after Victor picked you up and he died in the saddle, that one I know is rubbish --” A loud snort and juddering grunt from Hyperion drew both of their attentions back to the large sandy dragon fidgeting away, eyeing the cart he knew contained his food.
“Then what do you-”
Whatever was in that dart never completely knocked John out, and so in the blackness of the car boot he was privy to a special sort of hell. The pair had stuffed him into a medical containment bag, that much he could tell; it wasn’t activated though. An active bag would have held him safe and secure, it would have vacuum sealed to his mass creating a protective dual layered bubble, the inner layer holding him snug. The devices were common equipment on ambulances, able to provide safe transport for an injured Mollisian, temporarily sealing major wounds while allowing movement and transport without emotion transference through physical contact. John had been stuffed into one of them before: during medical training in order to understand what it would feel like, when he’d been shot years ago, when he’d been stabbed on a case, and after the slashing incident when Sherlock had held him together and reluctantly relinquished his hold to the waiting medical bag.
John hadn’t really thought about it like that, he’d figured the one puzzle would be it, but of course now that Sherlock mentioned it, with all the work and effort put into just this one puzzle and since they really hadn’t captured the person responsible for the explosives, it could actually happen again. And they would have no idea when or how severe the next puzzle would be, as it was Sherlock had solved this one with two hours remaining on the clock.
“Greg said you’d be needing this,” she told him simply.
John could feel Sherlock’s breath there. He nodded taking another gulp of air and feeling extremely sheepish for actually forgetting to breathe in the short amount of time they had literally just be walking around. They weren’t even in the air for god’s sake, it was like having a panic attack over riding a gigantic horse, and not even a fast galloping one as Bellamy continued to just traipse along, sheep baaing around her ankles and tail as she roamed leisurely by.
This chapter does have a small bit that finally earns this fic it's E rating.
“Hm? What?” he asked calmly, though John saw his eyes dart around for a moment before focusing on John again.
“Oof, Sherlock, you’re not light,” John grunted, trying to retrieve his own hand from Sherlock’s underwear.
“This one’s yours,” he said, holding the box over to swap with the one John had yet to open.
“Why? Am I making you uncomfortable?” Sherlock asked with his forehead pressed to the mat.
“But you have a palace. And she can visit it?” John was a little bemused by the concept, but the news that Sherlock hadn’t been completely cut off from Bellamy over the last few days was a reassurance.
“What did they give him?” He knew it had to have been something the people at Kandahar had given him to make  Hyperion so sluggish.
John felt relieved that he wasn't the only person ever to see Sherlock being kind; that Sherlock seemed to have a soft spot for the Aerie’s nestlings put a smile on John’s face. Mary’s happy list of treats made John feel hungry, and he noticed the sun beginning to set.
Tartan Scarf was abruptly pulled back towards the counters, grunting and choking as the scarf around his neck suddenly pulled tighter. One of the cooks had gotten brave and pulled the brute back by the ends of his scarf. Tartan Scarf flailed, dropping Sherlock straight away as well as his pen knife. He swung around and caught the young man across the face with a large fist, flattening the poor man instantly and causing one of the cashiers to gasp and try to drag him back behind the counter.
She dropped to the floor a new creature; no longer remotely human, but still a mammal, an absolutely massive, wailing, leopard seal.
“Oh, you heard about that already?” John replied ,feeling his face heat a little. He honestly hadn’t expected that encounter to travel so fast.
John was startled from his quiet reverie by Sherlock’s bedroom door banging open and the man himself bustling out, dressed in very basic, sleek-looking, rider’s gear and a long coat. John was momentarily struck dumb by the attractive sight of him clad all in black, riding boots molded to his long calves, and trousers hugging the curve of his arse, with a sturdy-looking belt secured around his waist, steel hoops hanging from it. Even the waistcoat he wore over a white button up was black, and very form-fitting. Apparently Irene wasn’t the only rider who prefered a more eye-catching riding wardrobe. The long large-pocketed coat he wore sported the only color to the ensemble, a little red buttonhole high on the collar. As Sherlock rushed about the flat he added to it a blue scarf, wrapped around his long neck. He stopped in the kitchen doorway as he slipped on a pair of black leather gloves, John, watching as Sherlock hurried around muttering and scooping things into his pockets, felt his tongue dart out to moisten lips gone suddenly dry.
The quibbling Masters looked down at John. “Our apologies,” Stapleton said, “we didn’t finish our introductions.”
“No, but heard plenty of stories, saw the old evidence now and again,” John replied, taking calming breaths. Hyperion was swamping the bond with calm feelings, trying to drown out the fear with his presence, and though the sheer concentration of it made John’s temples throb slightly, it was working.
He knocked on the doorframe, “Mrs Hudson?” and she looked up with a surprised expression.
“Christmas, John, really?” Sherlock said looking at tabs open for websites that John had been browsing looking for gift ideas.
“Is she okay though?” John asked, looking up at Sherlock who was laid out on the sofa seeming to not pay attention.
The moment John saw her pull the large syringe out of a pocket was the exact moment a spike of fear stabbed through John’s mind. John threw himself across Hyperion’s snout just as the dragon was trying to lift his head again, “No! Stay still, stay relaxed, it won’t hurt. You are a great big brave war dragon, this little poke won’t hurt you!” John told him urgently, clinging on with his good hand until Hyperion reluctantly laid down again, nostrils flaring and eye strung out looking, straining, to see Molly, but down. “Molly what’s in that syringe?” John called, still slumped over the warm nose.
“That’s not the damn point Sherlock!” He yelled anyway as the golden mass began to take a shape. A head emerged, followed by torso, two arms and two legs until a rough approximation of a tall lanky man stood before him.
“Aaaah, much better without the alcohol,” he mumbled, rubbing his nose along John’s and brushing his still sopping hair against John’s forehead.
“That was not a jab at Hyperion’s
Thank you to everyone who leaves comments and kudos and all the readers and subscribers and everyone else I might be forgetting, I love that you all are reading and enjoying this fanfic so much.
Sherlock went quiet again, as though he was thinking over what to say. A large gloved hand found its way to John’s nearest knee and just stayed there warming the skin below through the denim. They were both covered in a fine dusting of snow which continued to fall.
“I don’t mind some danger, and I don’t think I’m going anywhere soon,” John replied, “And your brother is an arse.” Sherlock laughed at that, a deep snort against John’s neck that made him laugh as well.
“John, I know this isn’t exactly your field, but could you help, please?” Molly asked, prepping a towel, gently unfolding a wing, and beginning to carefully wipe off the remaining fluid on its body. John followed her lead and took a towel for himself, helping wipe the hatchling down. Its feet were small and somewhat webbed like cats paws, the talons not yet developed, and John took his time clearing goo from between tiny toes while Molly rubbed down its back where John noticed the raised ridge of its spine.
“That’s what you were talking to him about?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock was on John and squeezing him tightly in a flash before he went whirling away, taking the contact high with him as he squidged hurriedly through the flat for his phone to call Lestrade.
“And.”
The biggest revelation of that day was where and how Hyperion went to the bathroom in his enclosure. John had been thinking about maybe getting up and heading for the loo himself, when Hyperion hefted himself up off his matt. At first it worried John when Hyperion started walking into his sand pit. Hyperion still wasn’t allowed to sit or wallow in the stuff, his injuries still too open to the risk of getting packed with grit. All Hyperion did though was go to the far end near the door and began digging a hole in the sand, revealing a sort of stone ledge separating a portion of the sand away from the rest of the pool. He was like a cat with a litter box, John realized, averting his eyes in a strange urge to give the dragon privacy when he figured out what Hyperion was about to do. Hyperion did his business and quickly turned and mounded a small dune on top, cleanly covering any mess and smell. He came back to the mattress and flopped again. John had picked up one of his books and began looking for more information, weirdly enough, about a combination of dragon digestion and whether it was healthy that that was literally the only time he’d seen Hyperion do that in the last three days and how that partitioned off bit of sand would get cleaned out. Turned out all was fine and a question to Tom later revealed that there’d be a cleaner in on Sunday and not to worry, dragons were fastidiously clean creatures. In general it had just been a bit of a weird ‘never thought about that’ sort of moment in an overall calm day.
Sherlock took the out with a similar noise he replied, “Yes, let’s,” and turned to keep walking. John chuckled as he nearly ran into the door he hadn’t realized was quite so close, and they dropped back into their usual easy domesticity, wandering towards the cafeteria and on into the evening.
John nearly stopped in his tracks at the statement, falling a few steps behind before hurrying up next to Sherlock again. “Sherlock!” John hissed, eyes darting to make sure none of the others nearby seemed as if they’d heard.
“Already taken care of, my dear John, I left her a note saying we’d be late tonight,” he said pinning John to the mat and lazily kissing an ear.
“Ah,” Sherlock’s mind bloomed with recognition.
“What you were just doing, the hugging thing, that was good, it’s… fine, you’re allowed to do that if you need it,” John stumbled over the words as they tumbled out. He’d liked it, he’d dare say he wanted Sherlock to do that again preferably soon.
“Oh, thank heavens you’re home!” Mrs. Hudson said meeting them in the foyer looking worried; Angus sat at the foot of the stairs looking intently up them, frills plastered to his body apprehensively. John could hear shouting coming from upstairs.
“Shut up. I’ve ignited experiments at both the veterinary labs and on the training fields, I have set fire to myself no less than 10 times over the course of my life to varying degrees, I have blown the windows out of the flat twice, and once Bellamy accidentally burned down her pit’s ceiling, satisfied?” Sherlock asked crossly.
“How is you being sliced open a good memory at this moment?” Sherlock replied with confusion, drawing away a little bit only to have John’s skin follow him, not wishing to let even an inch of them separate.
And he was about to become one of them if he couldn’t escape.
“Would you like to see more?” The ambiguous question should have put John off. More of what? More death, more guts and gore like he’d seen on the battlefield? Certainly not, if he ever saw destruction of life on that scale again it’d be all too soon. But action, the prospect of excitement that this strange flatmate seemed to exude, set John’s brain alight. Even with Sally’s warnings to stay away, John couldn’t help but feel a pull to join this frenetic self-proclaimed detective and fall down the rabbit hole chasing after him. The longer the silence between them seemed to stretch the more John felt the call to action, to get up and run, which prompted his response.
“You should be all settled for now. Get some rest. If you can’t sleep, just sit here close to Hyperion and bond with him. I’ll send Sally round to fetch you in the morning for breakfast; by then we should be able to move the big brown beast here back into his pit.” Lestrade gave Hyperion’s neck one more good pat before moving towards the door and hopping out next to Sally.
“Bellamy!” John cried. She swept from the small space with a leap and a clatter of claws on metal roofing. John went to the window and looked out up at the sky. Sirens blared in the distance.
He watched the four agents go to work, drawing weapons and stalking towards the building in their bulletproof vests and gear. And it was in that moment John realized how woefully unprepared for this whole endeavor he was. As much as he wanted to burst in and carry Sherlock over his shoulder back to the aquarium, it just wasn’t going to happen, not in a button up and jeans and absolutely nothing that could be called a weapon beyond his own fists.
John huffed out a small chuckle at that, but Sherlock didn’t give him time to comment as the detective picked the shoe up and began looking closely at the laces, particularly at the holes. For a moment John thought it might be Sherlock deflecting the situation, not talking about what was said by suddenly fluttering off on some other thing all together, until he spoke.
“Hyperion is in need of a soak,” Sherlock commented, picking at the food Angelo had happily packed up just for him.
Even as John knelt by him, he could see the boy’s life slipping quickly away. The young man’s panicked rattling breathing slowed, and his eyes lost their focus. All John could offer were comforting words as the rider slipped into unconsciousness and ceased breathing.  He closed the boy’s eyes and John shifted away, picking up his pack as he ducked behind the dragon’s neck and prepared to run on to the next person in need of aid. By then a handful of soldiers had grouped behind the hulking corpse of the beast, using its thick hide for a wall as the battle raged on; even dead, a dragon could be an asset of sorts. Coming to the creature’s head immediately revealed its cause of death; a much larger dragon appeared to have gotten its neck in its maw and broken it. The sad wheezing noise he’d heard as he approached had been its final breaths escaping what most likely was a crushed windpipe. Blood rapidly pooled out onto the sand from the large, gory fang wounds ripped into a compressed portion of its long neck.
It took all of John’s power not to jump from his hiding spot and go to Sherlock, get her away from him at least.
you had in mind, I’m not going to spy on my flatmate. We are done here.”
“Mmmhmm,” he hummed again, and an arm pulled John over with him as Sherlock rolled onto his back. John got the hint and let go for a moment to get situated between Sherlock’s knees. He sat there looking down at Sherlock in the barely-there light, the duvet a warm cape around his shoulders.
of the building--”
“That long?” John thought back over their time together, to the first night when he’d come down the stairs to find Sherlock half naked sitting on their coffee table, had the spark started there? John felt like his feelings for Sherlock had been there longer than that. The various incidences of him feeling fiercely protective of Sherlock, feeling head over heels, lusting, frustrated with him. It had only been something like four or five months, but thinking on it John felt like they’d been together for much longer, and that wasn’t remotely a bad thing. It had been Sherlock who had seemed to be pushing back, keeping John at a distance at first until he was given permission to touch and hug, and John had misread that, or had he?
“Comfortable?” Sherlock asked with a small laugh that vibrated through John’s back and made him smile in return.
“The nestlings are as much a part of the gossip vine around here as the adults are; they’ll blather on about any odd thing while they’re working if you let them. Over the years I’ve managed to hear and see enough about strange Jim after poor Aiden died to be able to come to the conclusion that Jim has foreign contacts. To what end and why I’m still not sure.”
Any answer that might have been coming was interrupted by a boy opening the door, a nestling.
“I was testing you. Watching you for signs that you might be like Victor or his predecessors. What makes you violent? Are you possessive? What would send you finally screaming to Mycroft or Lestrade to beg for a transfer? Do I need to get rid of you?” Sherlock said, eyes fixed on the textbook. “But you haven’t shown any signs. You didn’t seem to mind my silence, you backed away when I ignored you, you didn’t snatch away my violin last night, you haven’t touched my things or my bedroom, and you did… that just now.” He waved a hand at the patch of carpet where John had tickled him.
John looked back at the brown dragon behind him as it gracefully stretched and lowered itself, like Bellamy had done earlier, so that John could climb up; only this dragon was smaller than Bellamy.
Irene’s red lips thinned to a simple smile. “Aw, you’re still new, you’ll get the hang of it soon enough.” Her voice took on a light-humored coddling tone, as if she were speaking to one of the nestlings, and John’s face heated more, this time in embarrassment.
“I’m the reason you’re trapped here.” As though that was a perfectly valid reason for hating Sherlock’s guts and not being concerned about his wellbeing.
I can't thank Nautilicious enough for being my beta.
“You knew she was here?” John whispered frantically, looking at the spike-covered tail that had come uncovered circling around a trio of large eggs.
“You just spent the last hour staring at it, what--” John started scooting the shoe back.
“Santa,” Sherlock said, also watching the dragon intently. “His name is Snö, He’s an old Leucistic Nordic and he’s been flying the last delivery flight on Christmas Eve since before I was born.” Sherlock added, as though he needed to clarify just one more time that he didn’t really think this absolute sight of a dragon was actually Saint Nick.
And then the change happened, and John’s amusement only grew as Sherlock listed around the tank, still bumping into things but at least his more streamlined fish body let him slide by. Then he’d pick up a burst of speed, riling up the other fish around him before slowing down, leaving a confused school of fish swarming around him for a moment until he did it again.
They went back to laying together in peace and quiet for the rest of the evening and on into the night. John did get Hyperion stretch his neck over and drink from the fountain like Molly had told him to do, watching as Hyperion sucked up water slowly, and realizing that was among the multitude of things he’d never actually seen a dragon do before.
“The point is you nearly caused an incident by breaking into that house the way you did!” Lestrade said, pointing up at the rather luxurious looking home they stood in front of.
Thankfully the walk from the exit up the stairs to the nearest street was not a long one, and no one made any fuss over John’s appearance. A black car awaited them just around the corner of the building, and Mycroft ushered John inside. The car sped off the moment the door shut.
“Oh god yes,” and like that John was out of his seat at the table, breakfast partially eaten and abandoned, as he followed after the flash of an oddly bright grin and dark coat tails, grabbing his own black jacket from the rack as he left.
Jim rose with a put upon sigh, patting a grumbling Sebbie on the shoulder, and sauntered over to Sherlock. She put a finger under his chin and made him look up at her through still bleary eyes. “Awake now Mr Holmes?” She said loudly, causing Sherlock to flinch and pull his head away from her hand.
“I said come by after your assignments were done for the day!”
“Well, just a warning, sip this stuff,” John said, taking the wrapping off the top before looking dumbly at the cork. “We don’t have a corkscrew.”
“Heavens no!” she said, looking quickly over at Hyperion’s head, where the children were carefully petting him and scratching behind his crown, to see an eye staring hard back at them both, most likely picking up on John’s distress. “No! The dragons don’t eat all the meat we give them sometimes for one reason or another; so there’s perfectly good, clean, beef or pork or whatever for the cooks to use.” Sally picked up her food and began eating too, as John looked at his, letting his stomach settle for a moment before he resumed his meal. Hyperion went back to resting while kids continued to explore him gently.
Found killer SH
“What will you do with them?” John asked, looking up at Sebbie’s tank.
“Lestrade, tell the ambulance to turn off the exterior lights, the flashing would hurt John,” John heard Sherlock’s physical baritone quietly request, and John was grateful for his mate’s recognition, noticing how bright lights caused John pain.
“Excuse me?” John sputtered, eyebrows raising as he glanced at the sheets in his arms and back at the detective still unfolding a bed for himself. Sherlock looked up quickly at John’s scandalized tone.
The fifth day, just before Hyperion’s walk, a large cardboard box arrived, addressed to the Aerie with ‘To: John “fuck off” Hamish Watson’ scrawled messily above the address. The package was from Harry; she had literally tossed every single one of John’s few belongings she’d been holding onto into the box in one drunken mess. Thrown in on top was a used phone.
“Christ, I hate flying,” John murmured, leaning hard against the wall and trying to steady his breathing and stop shaking. He eventually did manage to find a relatively harmless package of crackers. He slowly munched on them and sucked on a small water bottle. Afterwards he shakily made his way back to Hyperion and wedged himself into place next to his dragon, dozing off again while the crate continued its slow up and down rocking.
“Who knows,” Sherlock shrugged, “lots of inconclusive data now, if the sponsor manifests at all it could be in any number of ways. Not my problem until they do.”
“You thought I’d clock you again.” John said into Sherlock’s shirt collar.
“She’ll come around. You can call her back in a couple of days once we get you a mobile of your own.”
“Why did you bring the case with us?” he finally asked Sherlock, who was sitting hands pressed together in his lap, staring off into the distance.
Something about this didn’t feel right though and so he pursued Sherlock out the door, nearly tripping over Angus on the stairs. He felt pulled after the other rider as the long dark coat strode quickly down the walkway and the hall towards Bellamy’s door.
“Oh, good.” She had such a quiet voice even up close. She set her tools down and John felt Hyperion suddenly shift behind him; he had to grab his cane and stand or be pitched off the mat by the great dragon’s shuffling. Hyperion managed to get from relaxed and laid out on his side to sitting up, much like a cat with his long tail wrapped around himself; if he had had fur, John imagined his hackles would be up and fluffed as much as possible to look even more intimidating.
“Plants for Hyperion,” Sherlock sniffed, “do keep up.”
“I was going to play my violin louder, a bit of fiddling in the stairwell a little closer to your room,” Sherlock said once his face had unsoured. John could see a spark in the rider’s narrowed eyes.
“How funny is it that
That did sound awful, the sheer image conjured up by the thought of that boy being found in pieces, John had seen that in gory detail on the battlefields enough times to still haunt him in his nightmares: People ripped in half, limbs left dangling from saddles, parts of corpses found yards away from their original owners.
“You mean Mycroft is paying off anybody involved in the repairs to keep quiet.” Sherlock added. Lestrade only sighed, seeming tired of trying to argue with the rider.
“Keep him for now,” she finally said. “Maybe we can use him to get Sherlock to come out.”
This box held a couple of different things, all of which smelled heavenly. The largest one carried a helping of steak pie along with some peas, carrots and mashed potatoes on the side; when John popped it open he found the rich brown gravy from the pie had seeped over into the rest of the container creating a sort of impromptu steak-y stew with a bit of pie crust on one side. John wouldn’t scoff, it tasted delicious compared to the fried greasy slop he’d been subsisting off of for the past months. A smaller container held a couple of yorkshire puddings, which John promptly added to the gravy mess to soak. The last one held dessert, a hunk of apple pie with rapidly melting custard. John didn’t care if it was apple pie soup by the time he reached it; he was certain it would be wonderful.
John was nearly drooling over his own plate by the time he had it piled up with food and they had found a seat; Sally had rounded up her gaggle to sit at one round table with mismatched chairs.
Sherlock stretched up over John, sprouting many small tentacles of appendages from his surface to reach out and touch John again. He’d decided to change up the method of contact. Rather than being one big firm pressure he became many fingers dragging along John’s skin. If John had had goosebumps he was almost certain he’d be covered in them as he let a full body shiver take him. The sensation of Sherlock dragging his many fingers across his skin, some digging in and others almost tickling, was so damn erotic he wanted to encircle Sherlock and return the pleasure.
He quickly kicked upwards, swimming for the surface. The tuna that had been prodding at him all day was nowhere in sight. Before he even reached the surface, let alone break it, a long arm darted into the water and grabbed him by the bicep, pulling him swiftly the rest of the way out.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s not what I had in mind,” John said, before Sherlock could continue his recitation of will’s and won’t’s. Sherlock’s head cocked to the side a fraction, a clear confused look gracing his features.
“‘That’s not what most people would say’, right?” John supplied for him, offering a small smile. He looked down at the shoe. “Well, maybe some people should actually listen to you more often. I think most of the time people have a hard time getting past you being such a dick all the time, might need to work on that a bit.” John chuckled trying to break the odd tension that seemed to have sprung up at the bit of honest admission, eyes going back to Sherlock.
“Henry,” Soo Lin chided.
“A Devon White-Eye,” Sherlock said, working to get the poor thing laid out.
A smile spread on John’s face at that admission, Sherlock really had done it without thinking. John turned his head just so to peck the top of Sherlock’s curly head.
“That’s a spectacular backfire,” mumbled a lovely baritone behind him, and John turned to see Sherlock, lying naked as the day he was born on the grating and smiling at him. John wasted no time gathering Sherlock up in a tight hug, burying his nose in Sherlock’s neck, kissing his jaw, so so happy that it had worked, that destroying that old book had reversed whatever curse Jim had laid on him.
John rubbed his face with a groan, which only wiped on more grit. The bond was humming with curiosity as John looked up at Hyperion’s looming head in the grey morning light. “Sorry Hyperion, food is calling,” he said, holding the mobile up to show him the tiny glowing screen.
“Now. About your brother, in a relationship or married: yes or no,” The smile grew on his face as Sherlock let out a groan. John had effectively ended the awkwardness of navigating something of an emotional minefield and now they were back to the usual domesticity. He caught sight of Sherlock getting up out of the corner of his eye, bending over to roll up his mat for the day, and a silly trill of arousal slid under his belly at the visual reminder that Sherlock didn’t wear underwear while practicing his yoga.
John huffed a small laugh. "You’re one to talk,” he said coming forward now that Sherlock knew he was there, no reason to stand in the doorway.
“You made quite a mess,” John said, looking at the sand and palm fronds on the floor. Hyperion managed to look guilty, posture slumping a bit as he looked away, a tinge of shame coloring the bond. The memory of Hyperion worried and angry played across John’s mind. He had gotten up and started pacing, and pacing, then visitors had come to clean his sand pit and Hyperion had been forced to lay down, irritated. The moment they left he was up again, pacing, small spikes of anger, striking the sand with his uninjured talons, spreading swaths onto the stone of his enclosure. He’d struck the trees with his tail and rattled fronds loose. In a last bit of frustration he’d bit his mat, shaking and shifting it before a heavy exhaustion set in and Hyperion lay down for good. It was after the tantrum that Tom had arrived with his daily pills. He had been so worn that Hyperion had remained lying amongst the sand and fronds on his mat, agonizing the entire time over the various levels of curiosity, excitement, fear, and worry coming from John’s end of the bond.
“So how often do you find yourself stopping yourself from kissing me?” Sherlock froze momentarily at the small surprise kiss.
Sherlock looked up at him, broken from his studying by John’s attempt at conversation. He pushed the shoe in front of John. “Tell me what you see,” he said, gesturing at the shoe with the utensil in his hand. John looked at him like he’d lost his mind, Sherlock’s was the deductive brain in the room, not his.
“Don’t start that crocodile tears act with me Sherlock,” John said, shifting further away. “You know what you did, and you got caught too.”
“Dr Watson, we will be landing momentarily. There will be some mild shaking similar to take-off, but otherwise a nice, slow descent.” John braced for the mentioned ‘slow descent’; he wedged himself up against Hyperion’s belly and waited for the weightlessness of a dive.
“Well these are quite nice too,” he mumbled at the pretty creatures.
And so, John continued to watch the off and on again game of aerial tag. Bellamy would swoop away and soar overhead for a while, banking and turning and twisting through the air, performing a slow loop-de-loop or two; all while Sherlock seemed to have relaxed into the ride, not as stiff looking as he’d been at the beginning. Then she’d dart and try to slyly slip past Sally and Melinda’s guard only to be thwarted again and go back to looping over the nearby field and walls of the Aerie.
John’s eyes widened at that revelation Jim Moriarty’s dragon had almost been Carl Powers’.
“Of course John, but for now sleep is in order, wouldn’t you agree?” He said a wide yawn garbling the words a bit.
Mike smiled, “Sure, I can help you out there, I was about to head to lunch myself anyway.” He rose from his desk, Cherie still hanging onto his back like a koala, and gathered his things. Mike led John from the hospital out into the barn, stopping briefly to say goodbye to Molly.
The man attached to the parachute was in bad shape. The chute had saved him from his fall, but he had sustained injuries in the fight beforehand. He had gashes across his belly, legs, and arms, penetrating his armor and allowing him to bleed out heavily onto the sand. There was no telling how long he had been laying there, but he was barely conscious when John reached him.
“Needed: Security guard - night shift”
“And you would like me to keep an eye out for his killers?” John asked incredulously peeling his eyes away from the fish that had turned in a graceful arc to drift by again. This one looked different from the others too, it had larger dark markings that covered more of its body whereas the others were mostly silver with a black stripe on the back.
“I just said I am fine, come back later. She is not in a listening mood.” John managed to get a tiny glimpse of dark coat and curls under the edge of Bellamy’s wing. She literally had him clutched to her chest, a wing tucked low to create a most likely warm, protective tent over her rider. Bellamy began growling at him the moment she noticed him staring at what looked like the back of Sherlock’s head, tucking her wing down a little further to block his view. John took that as his cue to leave.
John could almost see those light colored eyes roll from all the way on the ground, “So good of you to state the obvious, John!” Sherlock called back, crawling up and turning to sit in the gap between Bellamy’s horns. She brought herself back down to all fours once he was settled there.
“Sure. You can tell them that part,” John said, a note of tiredness coloring his voice as Hyperion continued to support him.
“She doesn’t give you any sort of creepy feeling?” John asked.
“How about it? Do you think you can stand up for us?” John asked. Hyperion barely shook his head, a dull feeling of defeat and ‘no, I don’t think so’ slogging its way across John’s mind. “I think he’d agree with you on that opinion Greg,” John told Lestrade still rubbing the big creature’s nose comfortingly. Lestrade came back around to Hyperion’s head and patted his cheek.
“Understand... I love you, but you must understand why I’m angry with you right now,” John spoke aloud, grabbing both mugs of lukewarm tea from the counter and coming back to sit in his chair. An appendage set Sherlock’s mug down on the floor next to him. Sherlock didn’t form a mouth to reply, just shifted and settled quietly into the dip in his chair.
John walked quickly past the parked car, eyeing its dark tinted windows for any movement within. He was thankful Hyperion’s pain was abated by his daily pills as he moved with only a miniscule ache in his leg.
“He’s not orange!” She yelled, “I saw him earlier today. He is yellow. Does this look remotely yellow to you?” The woman snatched up a section of the bag along with some of John inside. John could almost feel her anger through the layers of plastic between them.
He began puttering around the flat while he waited for Sherlock, did some cleaning and neatening up, settled down to read for a bit, made another cup of less angrily made tea until he heard a door creak down the hall. Shuffling towards the noise, John saw Sherlock had opened the bathroom door and moved inside to find Sherlock flopped in the tub looking like someone had filled the bath with tree sap.
“I would think that obvious,” Sherlock replied.
“I heard Angelo has plans to serve shrimp alfredo tonight, he’s doing a seafood theme this week, just got a good shipment in, fish cakes and baked salmon as well.” Sherlock said, his cheek still on top of John’s head. John felt Sherlock’s voice in his chest and it sent that lovely thrill up his back again. He knew Sherlock was deflecting, that was okay, Sherlock didn’t seem to know how to handle moments like the one they were having too well yet, and so John let him mumble on about what dinner was going to be for the next few days into his hair for a little bit longer before finally loosening his grip on the back of Sherlock’s coat.
“I take good care of her, and I did get some rest last night.” he said quietly, face softening briefly as though he were reassuring his mother, “but right now something has happened, the game is on,” he said, and like that Sherlock was off again, out the door and into the street. John hurried after him, giving Mrs Hudson a polite nod and good morning before heading out into the mild coolness of the day.
“That’s not the point, Sherlock,” John said. He took up the class papers and sat in his armchair to start thumbing through them, as Sherlock took a seat in his own.
He left John alone as he let the kettle boil and prepared the tea in silence. John was thankful the startle hadn’t woken Hyperion on the other end of the bond. The poor dragon was rattled enough for one night; he certainly didn’t need another rude awakening from John being spooked by his new strange flatmate. He was interrupted from his quiet regathering by the larger man stepping up next to where he was leaned against the table.
“Oh, John, I’ve been hearing about you all day, are you alright?” She asked, getting up from her sofa where Angus sat next to her curled up in a tight gray ball with a wing over his face, sleeping.
“He knows you?” John asked curiously.
“You know you wouldn’t look half as much like a runaway scarecrow if you ate more.” John said good naturedly as Sherlock straightened up and followed him off the wall.
“I can see why,” John replied, noticing the comfortable nooks with squishy-looking old chairs, a number of them actually occupied by nestlings. If the amount of books in the sitting room back at the flat where any indication John was willing to bet money that Sherlock had been one of those children.
“Of course, just down the stairs here.” Mycroft indicated with his umbrella. “Now if you are quite finished with your ranting, I have some business to attend to. I will leave you in the care of my brother. He should be able to teach you the ropes, as it were.” And with that he was down the stairs. John scrambled after him, bracing himself against the safety railing while looking down at the besuited arse.
“There’s a- there’s a screen. And this b-bitch is reading what I type, got-gottle o’gear gottle o’gear,” The woman paused again with a teary gasp, but Sherlock charged ahead.
They ate the first part of their meal quietly, enjoying the change of textures and tastes for the first time in over a month in John’s case, even longer for Sherlock. Then Sherlock reached for his drink and drained it in one gulp. John couldn’t help but snicker as Sherlock coughed.
“Jessamy found it slotted between a couple books on her cart last night while she was putting the books away. She told me she thought nothing of it, just put it in the lost and found, then it started ringing this morning and that woman was on the other end crying and begging for a Master to help her. I happened to be the closest one.” Lestrade scrubbed a hand across his face. “The other Masters have already been notified about the situation. I need to update Mycroft about the fabulous news of a bomb threat. I hate it when these happen.”
