Steve stared at him. Tony’s wide brown eyes were unfathomable, impossible to tell what went on in Tony’s mind.
“Doing what?” Steve asked, as he stared at the cloudy sky. It was already late afternoon, and they had no idea where to go from here on. And Thor still hadn’t returned.
He stared down at his hands and the fingertips of his metal hand were red. Realization came quickly. He had hurt her in his sleep. And suddenly, he couldn’t breathe.
Steve nodded, watching Tony’s back, recognizing the tension in his shoulders for what it was. Guilt. “Good point,” he said gently, because he knew they’d have to talk about Sokovia at one point, but this wasn’t the time.
Steve sighed. It was almost ridiculous, watching Tony fret over him like this. And the last thing he wanted right now was to argue with him. So he laid down the strut and came towards the shelter.
“Yeah, I’m sure you are,” Bucky said. “Look, play games with the leftovers, okay? You have dessert deprived people out there waiting for chocolate mousse.”
Steve neared the bed, holding Tony’s intense stare. His eyes all but swallowed Steve whole as he moved. He had such gorgeous expressive eyes. Steve had been so foolish to believe Tony wasn’t every bit the type of guy Steve would find himself drawn to.
He swallowed. “But… Mister Hammer just hired me because he wants someone to appreciate his inventions. I offer a few ideas on his designs, sure, but it’s… it’s really not that important. Not for people like
Pepper. He had. And yet, lately he’d often thought that maybe, all these years, he’d just been biding his time with her, waiting for… for someone who saw him.
Steve’s shoulders were decidedly less skinny now, but the look of stubbornness was all the same. “That’s a question you will only get an answer to when you actually leave this room and come upstairs with us,” he replied with a very serious expression.
He’d never gotten to fully embrace the love he’d felt for Tony. Had never even acknowledged Tony’s own declaration, though he had known how hard it had been for him to admit it to himself. If Steve closed his eyes, he could still feel it. How Tony had been cuddled against his back, breathing gently into his skin. Every few minutes his mouth would dip to explore Steve’s neck or his chest or whatever he was hungry for, whispering adorations against his skin.
Tony huffed in distaste, his gaze snapping back at Steve. The other guy wasn’t in hearing range yet, and Tony
“We’ll take that antidote,” he told Steve when he saw him shaking his head slightly, his gaze focusing on him. “I’m so sorry, Steve… for what happened back then. It was all my fault. We should’ve just left the city, it was stupid of me to go home first, and I…”
“I’m not all that good,” Tony said and chuckled when Steve pulled him near, turning him around in his arms. “I’m
“Right,” Steve acknowledged and Tony watched his face darken. “The machine activated itself. Whole city’s up in the air.”
It was all a bit crazy, but once they’d found this Sequencer, everything could finally go back to normal. Steve would leave, and Tony…
He and Rhodey had arrived in Nepal half a day ago, and ever since, it felt like they were walking in circles. Strange was now the head of the Masters of the Mystic Arts and the official reason for their visit was to complete arrangements for the sorcerers to work together with the Avengers—or what was left of them.
And Steve—he was strong now. Before Erskin, he’d never faced a man, other than Bucky, that he had a chance of beating in a one on one fight. And Bucky—well, if Steve was honest to himself, he supposed Bucky had let him win most of the time, just to spare him the humiliation.
SHIELD’s directive. And after the last days, Pierce had set SHIELD on higher alert. It would be even more dangerous than usual. And the fact that his little rendezvous with Barnes’ knife had cost them too much damn time, and that they barely had one and a half hours left before the launch would take place wasn’t exactly helping things either.
As they flew back to New York, Steve was sitting—once more—down on the Quinjet’s floor, his hand gently clasped around Tony’s. In his other hand, he balanced a tablet on his knees, scrolling through the latest news. Some part of him wished he hadn’t followed Maria’s advice to read the recent articles but he figured at one point they had to face the backlash the media was conjuring up.
That was a dirty trick, Steve thought, but it seemed to work when Tony’s gaze became even more troubled. “No, of course not…” he said, then sighed in defeat. “Fine, let’s go.”
Tony nodded, leaning in further and pressing his lips against Steve’s—cautiously at first, in case it wasn’t really okay yet. After a moment, though, a smile stretched Steve’s lips, and he tended to Tony’s with a gentle kiss.
Steve took the wheel and pressed down on the gas pedal. His eyes were on the road, but he eyed Tony all the same. This was going to be interesting. “Better hurry.”
Barnes sighed, then raised his gaze to the door. Wondering. Waiting. “He’s still sitting there, right?”
Catching his image in the mirror, Tony suppressed a grimace. He looked terrible. His eyes were bruised and the dark circles beneath highlighted just how gray his normally healthy skin looked. God, it was an effort to just stand there. Sighing deeply, Tony turned around and decided that, today, he was going to do absolutely
That was easy to say from his standpoint, Steve figured, but true nevertheless. They had to put aside all those other issues for now, and stand as a united force. It really was their only hope.
The others were either asleep or actually watching the movie, most of them tangled into another, even Wanda and Vision, who shared a blanket on the far end of the couch, but Steve’s eyes were drawn towards the door. Bucky and Tony stepped into the room—Bucky with a new arm, Tony with a small smile on his face. Immediately, Steve felt a weight lifting from his shoulders, the worry that had been gnawing on his mind for the last half hour dissipating.
His hands never stilled, stroking up and down the curve of Steve’s waist before smoothing over his taut belly to delve over his middle and further down. With a hard swallow, Steve raised his knees a little, giving him access. Tony, however, took his time tormenting him with soft almost-touches before he slid two fingers down and against his hole.
“You’re such an ass! Alright, you win,” Tony conceded instantly, yanking Steve back. “I’ll talk. I’ll tell you anything you want to know… Birthday-cake-wishes… state secrets… Hilary’s dress size… pick a subject.”
The sense of urgency was unbearable, and Steve found himself carrying Tony the rest of the way to the shower. He wanted to feel every part of Tony's body, press their forms together and find how they fit together, rub his palms along every curve and hidden place Tony was sensitive in. He wanted to know everything. How Tony liked to be touched and how he liked to fuck. But he wanted so much more than that. Having seen Tony waking up that morning weeks ago, Steve knew sex alone would never be enough.
Natasha placed her hands on either side of his shoulders to prop herself up, biting her lip and grinding her bare middle against him. He cupped her breasts through her shirt, smirking when she gasped as he pinched her left nipple. Hard.
, Steve heard Howard wheeze in the old black-and-white video recording. And after a long lost moment, a questioning, a disbelieving ‘
So he pushed at Tony’s middle until he was in the right position, then thrust into him in one hard, smooth stroke, pushing all the way in and then just that little bit further.
“I don’t belong to your world. I have nothing to my name,” Steve said. It was important that Tony understood that. How far apart they truly were. Whatever he did, whatever he said, Tony exuded the presence of great importance. Whereas Steve… he was the exact opposite. He was the kind of guy that people like Tony or Hammer usually looked down on.
Mentally, he answered the call, tracing it with Extremis before the line was even up. “I didn’t forget about the meeting, Maria.”
Above him, aliens had invaded the sky, heading towards Earth. A strangled cry had torn through Tony’s lips, a hand flying to Steve’s chest, desperate for the reassuring thump of his heart. The heart that had strengthened through victory and suffered more ache than any man Steve’s age should have ever known. The heart that beat no longer.
He glanced down to try and glimpse at Tony's sleeping face, but at this angle it was a little difficult. So he resolved to just enjoy all the little things he could notice in this situation, like the way Tony's even breaths tickled his chest, and how their legs were tangled, Tony's weight pressing lightly against him, and the scratchy feel of his beard against Steve's skin.
“I’m not,” Steve said. While every day the media-frenzy got worse, he didn’t regret any of his decisions. They had brought him here, after all.
Tony cleared his throat. “Great ideas. We should definitely discuss this further,” he told Steve in a loud voice. “I’d suggest you come by the tower, I’ll have my assistant set up an appointment.”
"Just… If this happens again, keep some distance, okay?" He wasn't sure how to better keep Tony out of harm's way. "I don't want to hurt you."
Sam stepped up next to Steve. Helping Clint to his feet, he quipped, “Look at that, guys. The world didn’t end. Again. I think it’s 34 to zero, right?”
Tony blinked. He knew yesterday had been a weird day, and you’d think it couldn’t get any stranger after he’d gone to sleep, but waking up to Steve Rogers standing next to your bed with a very private and very intimate smile on his lips was still far beyond ordinary.
Tony moaned at that, rutting against Steve’s thigh as he stared down at him. “You’re so hard,” Tony said exultantly. “You’re so hard for me.”
Well, that plus Steve’s enthusiastic comforting later that night. A week had gone by and Tony was still tingling from that memory alone.
Steve’s brows furrowed with displeasure, and… that was funny. Despite everything, Steve still managed to take offense, even surprise, when Tony dared raise his voice to him.
“No, he does. He just doesn’t have a speech modulator. He’s understanding just fine. I figure it’s the TTS interface that’s giving him trouble, but that’s just one option out of, I don’t know, a hundred?” He let his fingers trail over the claw. “You’re just being stubborn, aren’t you, DUM-E?” When DUM-E didn’t move, Tony took a deep breath and jabbed his fingernails into his own palm.
Tony felt that soft, near-dead glow of hope die completely. The guys next to Steve were laughing, and while Steve’s face remained impassive, and weirdly concentrated, this scene was very much self-explanatory.
“Are you sure?” Steve certainly didn’t know much about this, but it didn’t feel like Tony was loose enough to fit him.
“So gone,” Steve agreed. He got up from the bed, stripping out of his clothes. Dropping them haphazardly, he padded naked about the room, looking first for his sleeping shorts and then for a few small tea lights they sometimes left burning at night.
Steve brushed a hand through his still damp hair. “I like women, too, Bucky. I just like… both. Always have. I didn’t lie to you; if there’d been a fella back then, I would’ve told you.”
Steve cringed, and bowed his head so he wouldn’t let it show too much. Tony had visited Peggy a couple of times in the last months. Almost every time, Peggy asked about their wedding—and Tony, amazingly, told her about it with the same amount of enthusiasm. There was never any sign of annoyance on his face, and he never made her doubt that he didn’t have the time of his life telling her about the ceremony, the dancing, the honeymoon. His excitement never seemed anything but genuine, and Steve fell a little bit more in love with him every time.
been buried beneath a smallish skyscraper, after all. And while things looked to be pretty stable, he should be checking—just to be sure. There were things to do, too, and all of those had nothing to do with getting naked right now.
“Thank you, Bruce,” Ms Jameson said, wisely ignoring Richards. “Eddington confirmed MC squared, where C is the speed of light in a vacuum. Also known as the theory of general relativity, that’s correct. And the first to propose an expedition to an upcoming total solar eclipse was…?”
“I’ve never…” Steve started, shaking his head slightly as if to clear it. “This is yours,” he told Tony in a hushed whisper. “This… feels like yours. The mansion is just that, a mansion, but this is yours. Your
Steve cocked his head unsympathetically. “Well, maybe if you told me the truth from the beginning instead of making up excuses—”
Barnes ran his now-bandaged hand across his face and offered a pained smile. “I remember everything.” The implication buried in his voice sent small shivers across Tony’s skin.
When Tony realized it was Steve who was towering over them, he had a moment of startling comprehension. And then his eyes went wide as saucers.
Tony, however, was in complete trance. Awe, surprise, ecstasy, disbelief—it was as if all possible human emotions gushed forth in his spine in a million volt moment.
Maria pleaded. When the recording of Bucky choked her, Tony’s whole body twitched, and Steve saw his face crumble into something that was pure pain.
When finally Tony broke their kiss, Steve thought he might have a chance to regain control of his lust, but no. Tony once more fondled at his fly, deftly undoing his buttons, easing his trousers over his hipbones. In another lifetime, Steve would have pulled away. He would have been ashamed to want to be touched like this—by another man, of all things. Now, he needily arched into Tony’s fingers and groaned when they wrapped around him. Within moments of Tony touching him, Steve’s need reached a fever pitch too extreme to ignore.
“That’s… unexpected,” Tony admitted. “I thought when your boss told me he wanted ‘a fresh pair of eyes’ that it was an euphemism for ‘it’s absolute crap and we need a reason to strike this out again’.”
When Natasha had left, Bucky trailed into the kitchen, only to come back out a minute later and with a huge bucket of ice cream.
“Of course we will,” Tony replied. Then he was leaning up into Steve’s space, his fingers under his chin as he guided him up to meet his eyes. “I love you.”
“I don’t care what he is,” Tony all but snarled. He tried sidestepping him again, but Steve only moved with him, then bracketed him with both arms.
When Steve turned around—the cradle now safely inside the jet—Bucky was still busy keeping Ultron at bay. Steve saw a deep gash all across his face, and took running, Natasha hot on his heels. Pietro was busy fighting off the new minions racing through the air around them, and Steve had to admit, he was doing a pretty good job at it. Wanda was firing one blast after the other at Ultron, followed by a
He smiled at everyone as he stepped towards his desk and set his folder on top of the old surface. "Good morning," he said, surveying the room. He pulled an attendance sheet from his folder and handed it to one of the students at the front before returning to the desk and pulling a pen from the first drawer. "Today we'll be talking about the differences between renaissance and classical art."
Tony looked down, bemused to see that he wore nothing but his briefs and he watched Steve’s hands gently pass over his skin. He had a cold washcloth in his hand, dabbing at Tony’s temple and neck.
talking about it. Just in Tony’s obscured way of beating around the bush until there was nothing of it left. “Yes, Tony. All girls.”
Tony took a deep breath, squeezing Steve’s hand in reassurance. “He’s alive. J brought him to the tower. He's still unconscious, as far as I’m informed, but he’s fine, and healing… almost as fast as you, by the way.”
Steve shook his head. “I’m not doing this for you. I’m staying behind because my better half isn’t taking care of himself.”
This was what he’d always wanted but never dared to ask for. Having his brother at his side, on the battlefield, but also just like this, at home, like in old times.
“You shouldn’t stay away too long,” Tony ventured cautiously. “In case the portal opens. If Bruce manages to create a rift, it’ll only be open for a couple of seconds.”
“What?” Tony asked with a raised brow. “That your brain gets overwhelmed with seventy plus years of jumbled memories? Yes, that’s perfectly normal. Call it a side-effect. There will be triggers, but you’ll learn how to deal with them in time. And while you do that, you have a bunch of superheroes around you who can deal with you not dealing. Steve’s a tough cookie, you know that better than anyone. That little black eye there? Is probably already healed, alright?”
“Here I am,” Steve echoed, feeling his throat tighten at the knowledge that Tony had spent years—sixteen years—on finding him. Against all odds, he’d searched the whole wide ocean, and pulled him out of it. “Thank you.”
Another punch. And one more. With no mind to go up to his newly assigned guest room, he went on punching. He just went at it aimlessly, remembering a time when the scariest thing in his life had been Red Skull.
him. He’d just… waited for Steve to confirm it first. And he wanted to be mad at him for that, but the relief was rushing through him so potently, he couldn’t even be bothered. Tony remembered him. And he was here.
“Well, this is embarrassing,” Tony said, coming back to his only decent thought and glancing up at Steve, who… had a ring in his hand, while awkwardly scratching the back of his head.
“So you just want to let them turn us into super-cops,” Clint said, frowning. He was still paging through the Accords, his expression becoming graver by the second.
“Well…” Tony raised his head and brushed his lips against Steve’s. “I think we could start by having a shower and wash the fight off.”
After he leaned back down, bracing himself with one arm, Bucky pressed his lips against hers and bucked his hips forward, grinning when she cried out as he reentered her. It always felt like hours as they got lost in each other, and it was times like these, when Natasha’s façade crumbled completely under his hands, that he understood how being human was meant to feel—if only for a few minutes.
The softly uttered “I love you” that Tony whispered had Steve rumbling the same back at him. He leaned in to kiss him, letting his tongue caress Tony’s mouth as his hands slid to his hips, shoving his shirt up a bit to rub comforting circles against his back muscles that were beyond strained. He made a mental note that one of the first things he would do for him once this was over was a massage—full body. Followed by a long soak in the tub. He could feel the tension wrack through Tony’s system. The essence of his innate strength was worn and tattered—still there, but momentarily forgotten.
, he kept thinking on repeat. And it wasn’t some multiverse versions of them, some counterpart who’d taken a completely different path in life… no. This was the same Tony Stark he’d met in 2012, the same Tony he’d argued with over Ultron, and Sokovia and multiple times in between. It was the same Tony he’d fought in Siberia, the same Tony he hadn’t talked to in two years.
“Right,” Steve said, not quite able to keep the bitter undertone out of it. “I’m off.” And with that, he made his way to the rear opening, gripping for one of the handles next to it.
Because… Bucky was right. He’d started to fall for Tony long before this. Somewhere along the way, something had been happening between them. Tony had infuriated him, sure. He’d hurt him, made him want to scream at him more often than not… and yet, he’d also done so many wonderful things.
“That’s what all of those visitors said, too,” he whispered. “That he wasn’t the same man. That he’ll never be again. And I… I could live with that. I love Tony, no matter what. But he won’t talk to me, and sometimes, when he wakes up in the morning, I think he still expects to see her instead of me, and I just…”
However, the sad truth was, there weren’t a whole lot of other options. So Tony had been about to put it all to rest until the worst of the Sokovia fallout had been done with—until he could talk to agencies again and discuss their case with a little less baggage in tow—when Helen Cho had reached out to him with an idea that… by all means… had sounded absolutely crazy at first.
Tony picked up the little bottle of lube he’d left on the bedsheets and thumbed open the cap. He coated his forefinger with it and leaned in further. “Might feel weird at first,” he warned, keeping his tone neutral as he pressed the fingertip against Steve’s rim without further waiting. He circled around the opening for a moment, keeping his eyes on Steve’s face all the while. His mind was on record, memorizing every expression he made, every gasp he gave him. And Steve gave so much without even trying.
A real smile took hold of Steve’s face, and he felt something warm settle deep inside him. They were going to start a family together. He was going to be a father.
“I will, don’t worry. I just have to say goodbye to someone,” Tony said, his voice resolute, and before Obi could open his mouth again, he talked right over him: “That’s not up for discussion. We make that one detour, it’ll take about ten minutes. Here—next one left.”
“There,” he declared and Steve swallowed, nodded in agreement, and gave his next thrust more momentum.
“Good,” Mister Hammer replied, nodding. “Be ready within an hour, you hear me? Or I’ll find myself a new assistant. If you think you’re irreplaceable, you’re very wrong, boy.”
It probably shouldn’t be a surprise how vocal Tony was when it came to this, but the constant stream of ‘Yeah, just like that’, and ‘Deeper, deeper please’, and more often than not ‘Steve, Steve, Steve’—Steve simply hadn’t been prepared for
At one point, he could swear he felt Natasha and Clint both push a hand on his legs, calming him, or trying to keep him still, he couldn’t quite tell. Steve held onto his shoulders, his face now tucked hard against Tony’s neck, kissing his skin with trembling lips. “Almost done, sweetheart,” he kept repeating. “Don’t fight it. Just let go. Don’t fight it.”
He was the only reason they were all in this mess. He was the reason Clint and Scott didn’t get to see their families, and the reason Steve had to stay here, dying a little more every day.
They were both silent for a good minute, and Tony took a bite of eggs, sighing as though it was a big inconvenience. “I guess this is okay,” he said, doing his best to suppress how amazing it tasted and how much he’d missed Steve’s cooking skills.
“Steve,” Tony urged, and he was shaking all over now. “My life… it didn’t go so well. After the dreams stopped, I had a few rough years, okay? Did a lot of stuff I’m not proud of, with a lot of people I didn’t even like. I drank, I…” His eyes flickered to the floor. “I had too many affairs, built weapons that caused more damage than they did good, and… and my body is kind of a mess. I almost died a year ago, and… you wouldn’t… you wouldn’t want someone like me.”
Tony basically froze, staring at him with an open mouth. “What? I…” He huffed, glaring at him. “You shouldn’t talk about stuff you know shit about. You weren’t there. When Steve and I met, I didn’t matter to him at all.”
Tony dropped back on the bed, scowling at the little snort from Steve before he vanished behind the bathroom door.
Tony stuttered to a halt. Had Steve just honest-to-God checked out his ass? What the ever-loving hell was happening here?
Obi huffed, and it was a nasty sort of sound Tony was pretty sure he hadn’t heard from him so far. “So you’re actually whoring yourself out to older men now, is that it? Goddammit, Tony, if your father was still alive, he’d—”
Tony stilled momentarily, and the feel of his fingertips on him brought gooseflesh to Steve’s skin. “Well,” he said at last and grinned when Steve raised a brow at him in question. “I did always love a challenge.”
He heard Steve chuckle, then there was the sound of clothes falling to the ground—followed by some shuffling and then…
When Steve looked up, he shrugged. “It’s a building I used to see from my room at home. It was run-down and shabby, but… I loved it. It was one of a kind. I must’ve drawn it about a hundred times.”
Ian didn’t seem to care much for their argument and instead raised his legs a little, playing with his toes as he so often did these days.
It was true, and… Ultron’s words haunted him. Fake vision or not, he’d been wrong about one thing. It wasn’t a weakness, no. It might just be their greatest strength.
“Good. Just move with me,” Tony murmured, flashing Steve a reassuring smile. His movements had Steve’s insides burning almost to the brink of pain.
Natasha shook her head. She balanced a tablet on top of her knees. “No. Vienna is pretty much shut down at the moment, but they haven’t found anyone yet.”
Next to him, Tony hummed—three short hums that Steve had by now recognized as Tony’s ‘I finished something and it works perfectly’ victory-sound.
He couldn't pursue Tony in the street, especially not half naked and barefoot, but even if he were decently clothed, a scene like that would be suspect. Steve slammed his fist against the door, frustrated. "Fuck!"
There was a knock on the door and Steve startled hard, almost knocking both of his knees against the desk. Hastily, he pushed the letters back inside the drawer, closing the hidden compartment, before he sat up straight and cleared his throat. “Come in,” he called timidly.
Steve supposed his new strength wasn’t easily explained. Colonel Phillips had the notion in his head that a single man couldn’t possibly cause any change—and moreover, that Steve was a failed experiment and nothing more.
Unaffected by the rebuke, Natasha went on. “If I had told you, right the moment you woke up at SHIELD, what do you think would’ve happened?” she asked, her voice now thick with emotions. “You would’ve gone searching for him. You would’ve given up your
Clint groaned at them, turning around to the monitors. “Rhetorical question. Look it up, would you?”
, Tony. If I could go back, knowing what I know, I would’ve put a bullet through my head before I’d ever touch her.”
Steve lifted Ian from the bathtub and held him as Tony wrapped a towel around his small body. He carried him into their bedroom and laid him on their bed, drying him thoroughly.
“Making weapons. That’s what the business meeting a week ago was all about. I wanted to promote the arc reactor, but apart from that… I wanted to see if I could get away with it. Canning the weapon production without losing all of my investors.”
“Is that what you need?” Tony whispered and Steve wondered idly if it was a rhetorical question. “I’ll give you what you need.”
"What is it?" he asked, finally putting proper distance between them and heading to grab a bottle of water to pour the both of them something to drink. He didn't have all that many facilities in his room, but a small refrigerator was of the few things he did have, along with a sitting area and a decent bed. He hoped that one would be put to some good use tonight, but he wouldn't press the issue. And of course, the en-suite. That one would be a good choice, too.
Tony opened his mouth to defend their case, to smooth over the situation as he was used to do—but then something happened. Something that hadn’t happened in a whole long while: His mind went utterly, completely blank.
Despite the common room being effectively deserted, it still felt a little like standing in an open field where anyone could eavesdrop, and Steve's sense of privacy was nagging him.
Automatically entwining their fingers when he met Steve’s amused gaze, Tony smiled. “Sorry for standing you up,” he said. “I kinda lost track of the time.”
Tony raised an eyebrow, fingers lacing through Steve’s. “I’m just gonna assume that by ‘live with us’ you mean join our merry team in the regular non-polyamory living conditions a few floors below ours. And in that case, uh—still no. I think he’s gonna be ready soon, but I don’t think he’s quite there yet.”
He knew he could stop whenever he wanted. Even if Tony hadn't said that, even if he were the kind of guy who didn't stop when asked, Steve could stop, but he wasn't going to. He wanted this, nervous or otherwise. Instead of answering, Steve nodded his head, trying to relax with a few deep, slow breaths. God, if he was so shaken just at the thought of it, what would he feel like when Tony started getting serious about it?
Agent Barton studied him for a long moment, his mouth forming a tight line. “We have reason to believe that Mrs. Stark wasn’t alone in the boat when it sank.”
They were still for long moments—timid and quiet. “Thank you for giving this a try,” Steve told him honestly.
Pepper rolled her eyes, before putting her hands on Steve’s shoulders, looking him up and down. “Well. Aren’t you something,” she said. “No wonder he’s smitten with you.”
That voice. He’d once followed it over continents and oceans. After all, its owner had once been his world, his whole universe, and his reason for living. And he remembered now. Remembered everything. All those loose ends finally coming together. Every time he’d been awoken, every time he’d gotten to know her, relearned her body, fell in love with her over and over again.
“Probably. Don’t even know how long he’s gonna be. He said he’d go to sleep sometime, but you know how it is.” A forced grin edged its way onto Steve’s lips.
TS 6:55 P.M.>BTW I’m thinking Marea isn’t meant to be. How about that café by the tower? I know you know which one, Picasso
The look on Steve’s face was indescribable. Anger, guilt, fear and a hundred other things played across his features. “You sure you can do that?” he asked, clearly trying not to sound like he was doubting Bruce’s capability, and failing epically. “I mean… you aren’t a real doctor. You said so yourself. And Tony…”
Steve looked skyward and counted to ten, took a deep breath, exhaled. Then, he leaned forward and enunciated clearly: “You know what? I completely forgot what a pain in the ass you can be.”
With that, Tony watched Steve and Natasha run in the direction of the city center, then fired up his boot thrusters. Flying without Extremis feeding him all those tons of extra information was something to get used to again, but this wasn’t the time to wallow in misery.
Tony nodded, more relieved than he thought he would be. When had he become so dependent on what Steve Rogers thought of him? Since when did he care so much about his opinion?
Tony took his hand once more and led him through the gates. Steve smiled, because having someone to hold his hand at a funeral, that’s what he had been looking for for years, at every single grave he’d had to stand. His father’s. His mother’s. Friends. Family. He had known… holding himself together the day Peggy died would be one of the most difficult things Steve would have to do.
Tony loved that almost-but-not-quite shy look on Steve’s face when he talked to Sam about their still ‘fresh’, well, whatever-it-was. He cast Steve a sympathetic smile, warmth embracing his heart when he smiled back instantly. He’d come to crave that smile. It was gorgeous, just like the rest of Steve.
He double-checked Steve’s code to make sure it was still working and alerted FRIDAY, before he sat down on the chair next to Ian’s bed. The poor guy was holding his new teething toy close to him, mouthing at it, but it was easy to see he wasn’t about to fall asleep any time soon.
to meet him halfway, but he still couldn’t actually grasp all of this. He had simultaneously begged for the day he would see Steve again and dreaded it with every fiber of his body. Because after all those weeks, he wasn’t sure where they stood with each other.
Steve groaned and flopped back into his seat. He released another sigh and only begrudgingly opened his eyes, when Natasha prodded him with a finger on his biceps.
"So, did you get to sleep at all since we last talked?" he asked, handing over one of the bottles as soon as Tony came close enough, taking the other for himself. He’d cleaned up nicely, though Steve certainly had liked the dirty and rugged look on him, too, and—
The ache between his thighs was foreign, and Steve had yet to decide if he liked it. Tony's intrusion into his body had both ached and split him apart with bliss beyond imagination. He’d never thought it possible to be so connected to someone.
Tony squinted at Steve with one eye, casting him a crooked smile. As soon as he opened his mouth to speak, though, his stomach growled again.
The engines of the Helicarrier roared in the distance, and a small grin tickled Steve’s lips. “Back at ya.”
demanding free will; the ability of choice. And he’d been cast out of heaven because of it and thrown down to Earth, falling like a comet.
Suddenly, a hand was on him. It roamed up his back and down his arm, paused to play idly with his short hair, then slid down his side until his warm fingers settled provokingly on his hip.
Steve flushed deeply at that, and the sight made Tony’s heart sing. There was always something new he discovered about Steve, and it was all kinds of wonderful.
Steve’s mouth perked, his eyes dropping to the brown liquid swirling in the ceramic mug. Never had hot chocolate seemed less appealing.
“Give him a moment,” Tony supplied, and in some way, he looked both relieved and disappointed. He walked up to Steve and reached for his hand. “He’s seeing the world for the first time. Let him do it at his own pace…”
Tony heard Steve yelling, and he had a moment of panic as he was suddenly surrounded by a thick vapor of dust. It was a lot like standing next to an open fire, breathing in its smoke, and Tony could barely take in two breaths before he started coughing.
Inside his earpiece, there was white static, then he heard one of the marines’ team leaders ordering everyone to get ready for action.
No. He definitely remembered how it had felt to die. There, lying down on the cold asphalt in his own blood, the arc reactor crushed and deformed in his chest—it hadn’t felt like this. It hadn’t felt so blissful.
Bucky concentrated on her hand and the strong beating heart pressed against his back and mimicked Steve’s breathing. Vaguely, he remembered how often they had done this in the army, calming each other after the worst kinds of nightmares, and upon remembering how easy it had been to let Steve do this for him, he felt himself ease into it.
“Like you were held accountable for what you did to the Hulk?” Pietro asked, his whole posture tense.
it,” Steve said firmly. “I have a pretty good idea where this is going. That’s why I need to make sure Fury’s on our side. SHIELD might not be what it once was, but I’m sure he can pull some strings in the background.”
Steve must’ve fallen asleep at some point—so dazed in his slumber that he almost hadn’t heard Tony. It wasn’t until he stood next to him, with a hand on his shoulder, that the words registered in Steve’s brain. When they did, though, he almost jumped off the chair. He opened his eyes and glanced down on the empty seat next to him.
Steve shook his head. “Sorry, not buying it. You're telling me that I went to so much trouble and got so close only to turn around and leave? That’s not like me.”
“No, we're not,” Steve said, sighing. “If I could talk to Tony, eye to eye, I’m sure he’d figure out a way to let us off the hook without the UN noticing.”
He pressed upwards, rubbing himself against his own palm, knowing that Steve’s fingers were just a few millimeters away. He was relieved when he heard a quiet moan from Steve’s lips—the knowledge that he wasn’t alone in this made it all the more tolerable.
A rush of irritation overtook him, the same sense of betrayal that had dogged his thoughts since Fury had tried to play him by putting him into a fake hospital with a fake baseball game welcoming him back to reality.
“Gonna suck y’off in the morning,” Tony mumbled sleepily. “You don’ get a say in it.” As if to emphasize his words, he clumsily reached for Steve’s crotch and squeezed it once.
“I thought we could spar a little. After breakfast,” Steve said, and as soon as the words were out of his mouth, he felt them hanging in the air between them.
It had been two days ago, when Tony had—not so legally—gotten notice of the document. Ever since, he had researched every law paragraph, every draft, every e-mail he could locate in an effort to understand what was going to happen.
“I have… I don’t know what you’re trying to say Steve,” he prompted cautiously. "You told me to leave, remember?"
There was an uncomfortable silence at that. The more time passed, the more Tony saw Steve’s jaw tightening, his expression falling into one of resignation, and Tony was well aware of the significance of this moment. The unspoken ‘what if’ hung in the air but remained unspoken: What if they couldn’t find common ground?
Los Angeles truly held no appeal for him any longer. Here, his thoughts would always, undoubtedly, come back to the Detective. The man who had ruined everything for him.
Steve had been annoyed at first. By the end of it, he’d gotten cramps in his stomach from laughing too hard.
Handing him the bottle, he sat down, and maybe he was overdoing the ‘keeping your distance’ thing, but the last time he’d sat too close to Steve hadn’t exactly worked out too well. If the guy didn’t want him near, that was fine, he could deal.
In that very moment, the lines dividing black and white, good and evil, right and wrong vanished altogether. Tony might have been Lucifer, the devil, but he was still
Maria’s eyes were now trained steadfast on Barnes’ form, her expression hard. “How long has he been like that?” she asked.
“Tony,” Pepper prompted softly and she followed him when Tony sat down on the lowest part of the stairway. He hung his head, burying his face in his hands, and Steve just couldn’t watch it any longer.
“What,” Steve asked as he leaned against the kitchen counter, mimicking Bucky’s smile instinctively when he saw the amusement on his face.
Steve leaped out of the chair, busying himself with the pizza and pointedly not looking at Bucky. Only once he had it happily baking away in the oven, did he turn around to face the other man, his best friend for most of his life. "I'm sorry, okay?" he said, his voice low, strained. "I'm a shitty coward and I run away from things I can't handle. It's what I do, apparently."
“Does he always just… jump into the thick of it?” Sam asked, horrified as Steve punched his way through the masses of HYDRA agents.
“Steve, honestly, I’m nearing fifty, I’m…” He groaned and pressed his eyes close. Steve was nibbling and sucking and very expertly kneading his balls and just,
Steve scrambled over the peak, heading for the spot where he could see a handful of HYDRA agents running out of the building in utter panic. Just a wild guess, but that’s probably where Tony had gone in.
“He asked where you were, and when Bucky told him you were out, he walked up here and went into your room. That was four hours ago.”
“I thought about nothing else for over a year,” Zemo confirmed. “I studied you, I followed you. But now that you are standing here, I just realized…” He quirked his head a bit, a very small, almost non-visible smile gracing his lips. “There’s a bit of green in the blue of your eyes. How nice to find a flaw.”
“I could die right now,” Tony murmured. “Wouldn’t mind a bit. This is far better than Heaven. Couldn’t ask for more.”
That very night he had drawn the first concept sketch, and then made his first attempt at the real thing. Unsatisfied with the result, he had tried again the next day. Steve had worked on the piece over and over, every day, for weeks, and every morning he appraised his work and found that it was not yet good enough. It was hard grasping a memory, even though it was still so vivid.
The little surprised grunt Steve made whenever Tony picked him off the ground bridal-style would never cease to be amusing, that was for sure. Nor was that look of half disbelief and half gratitude on the guy’s face when he’d realized Tony might have just saved his life.
Then the next tour started. They were about eight people in total, not including the guide—some British looking guy named Harold, who sported a deep Southern accent. As they crossed the threshold to the ‘Bride’s room’, Steve’s hand darted down to grasp Tony’s and pull him forward. The side-windows were paneled with dozens of old paintings, and there was a light flickering in the large bedroom area.
“I could make you beg for it,” Tony purred, and if Steve thought he’d acted lewdly before, he clearly had underestimated Tony. He was all downright seduction now. “Think you’ll like me more when I’m fucking my mouth on you? When I’ll let you spread me on your fingers? When I’ll rub my hole till it’ll open up for you?”
“My friend, Rhodey, will be here tomorrow, as well,” Tony said. “It’s a coincidence, but perhaps it’s best that you meet them all at once. My family can be a little… much. They’ll likely be the people you see the most around here.”
Tony bit his lip again, thinking for a moment before he looked at Steve apologetically. “Let’s talk to Bruce first. Inter-dimensional travel is tricky business and I’d rather not fuck everything up. Better keep the details to ourselves for now, alright?”
Steve kissed him and parted Tony’s lips. Coaxing millimeter by millimeter until his mouth opened and he could slip his tongue inside. He went slowly, tasting him lightly, teasingly, until finally, he began to respond.
Tony bit his lower lip and waved at the tablet on the nightstand next to him. “Just mailed me that our last option opted out this afternoon. She did everything she could.”
“Oh, sorry. Thanks.” He downed the water without stopping for breath. It was either that or a stiff drink—which Steve would disapprove of, of course.
“I’m the world’s biggest moron,” Tony muttered irritably. He was currently in the bathroom of a rest stop about 50 miles from Roanoke, staring at his reflection in the mirror. “Kiss the guy to distract him from talking about you being attracted to guys. Why, yes, that does seem to be the most reasonable option.”
A shot ripped the air apart. It happened so fast. So freaking fast. The sensation of being dragged off his feet commenced a dizzy spell… then the room was spinning. A high whistle of something being hurled at superhuman speed. The bullet pierced Tony’s chest before he could turn away, throwing both him and Fury hard to the ground.
“Alright,” Steve said, albeit reluctantly. The other laboratories around them stood empty, and there was no way to tell which route Ultron and the Maximoff twins had taken. He had no idea where they could be now. Seoul was huge, and maybe they’d already left the city long ago. Or Ultron might have set up shop anywhere in town to upload himself into the new body.
Right. Tony groaned as he let his suit’s helmet bleed back into the armor. “And you’re sure we can’t just barge in there and take the Sequencer? Friday tells me this Doom-guy’s defense isn’t something we have to worry about.”
It was all a little dizzying. Steve was still reeling with sensation when the kiss broke. How had he ever thought he could refuse Tony's advances? It was so far from how he'd have dealt with this situation three years ago.
“Admit it, you always wanted to do that,” Bucky said, to which Tony only answered with a toothy grin.
Tony felt himself tensing up. He knew what he sounded and looked like. Like he was terrified of Steve, of what Steve meant to him. Tony’s gaze dropped to the floor automatically, so he wouldn’t have to meet Steve’s eyes. “It’s alright,” he said. After a beat, he changed his mind and turned around again. “Just tell me one thing,” he started. “Why have we never talked like this before? Why was it always so difficult between us?”
He heard Steve trying to get something in, but before he could say it, Tony ended the call. With shaking limbs, he stood up from the chair. His eyes fell on Steve’s shield that was leaning against his desk. He let his hand trace over its edge, and closed his eyes.
Steve lifted both hands with mock apology. "No complaints here." He then let his hands fall to the sides and looked around at the space they were stranded in. He'd done a short sweep just after the collapse, but got distracted with Tony's attack and all that happened after that.
“Don’t care,” Steve said and pressed a firm kiss into Tony’s damp hair. Then, he pulled him back against his chest, sweat and all. “Thank you.”
The others had tried to convince him to join them at first, but had eventually given up and walked into the city on their own.
He knew Steve didn't want to wait anymore, so Tony sat back up on his knees, coating his dick with more lube before bringing himself in position. The look in Steve's eyes stole all the air from Tony's lungs at once.
“But…” Bucky started, leaning closer to Steve’s ear, “what about Peggy? And Sharon? You were so sickeningly in love with them…”
“Oh, get your mind out of the gutter, Romanov,” Tony said, inwardly banging his head on the counter top.
. They made him want to have Tony stare at him in disbelief while he was so highly-strung with pleasure he could barely contain himself. So instead of letting Tony maneuver him further through the room, Steve wrapped both arms around him, and firmly led him backwards.
…” He frowned as he leaned back in the hug to look at Steve. “I did not die,” he told Steve. “I just became… more.”
“You’re already much better. This entire thing’s gonna be one of those one-step-at-a-time shindigs.”
are the one trying the most to set him free. It’s gonna be the best gift you ever made to HYDRA, it’ll make you our leading supporter.”
“Don’t be stupid,” Steve shot back immediately. “What you’ve done was getting captured and brainwashed by HYDRA, Bucky. And whatever you did afterwards wasn’t you,” he said, pointedly. “And one of these days, you’re gonna realize that, too.”
The pain that jolted through him as the bullet pierced his left arm was excruciating. There was a second and a third shot, but one of the suits rushed for Steve and blocked them both.
Shaking, Tony let his head drop against Steve’s chest, the significance of all of that slowly sinking in.
On the next beat, Tony’s grip around Steve’s hip increased and he pulled until Steve had no other choice but to sit on his lap.
Steve had always been too stubborn for his own good. And as long as Tony didn’t tell him to leave—he wouldn’t.
Steve figured there could be worse fates than being grounded at Avengers Tower. There was plenty of space, and with all of them around—Natasha especially—Bucky didn’t seem too bothered—at least on the good days. On the bad ones, though, Steve often caught him sitting on the tower’s roof, staring out onto the city. When asked, Bucky would say that he only admired the view and didn’t actually feel sad about his restrictions—still adamant on how he deserved all of this and worse—but Steve could see it in his eyes. The longing to explore, and more than that: to step out and make those decades of mind-control and imprisonment behind him count. To make amends. To help.
“You, my lovely, trustworthy, honest-looking husband, are the perfect puppet,” Tony announced while pressing little kisses all over Steve’s face. “At least they will think so. They have no idea what a little calculating shit you can be. You’re our boss, anyway. And they will double over to affiliate with Captain America.”
“Exactly.” His tongue stroked Tony’s with fire he’d never felt before. Certainly not with the one single girl he’d kissed behind their church in Brooklyn. Not from anyone. Tony blew every expectation out of his head, and he knew without doubt that he’d never feel this again. Not in reality.
? Heck, don’t you see? Without you, I… I would’ve never made it here. I was stuck, and you pulled me out. You gave me a
As suddenly as it had started, with the same swiftness the eclipse moved into the next phase—a bead of almost blinding light appearing at the periphery of the sun.
It lasted only a moment, then Tony’s lips were gone. He leaned back in his hold, panting and looking at him with pure anger. His eyes were glossed over. He looked so confused. And so irrevocably lost.
“I don’t mean to make things difficult. If I see a situation pointed south, I can’t ignore it. Sometimes I wish I could.”
Hammer scoffed. “Do you really think you could replace his wife at Stark Mansion? Mrs. Stark was an enigma. Everybody loved her.
He was wide-awake now, and Steve was still with him. It was daylight. Judging by how drowsy he was, Tony wagered it was relatively early. Steve’s hand rested on Tony’s bare chest, close to the arc reactor. His left leg still draped over Tony’s thighs.
And the Mansion… It really was like living in the lap of luxury and opulence. He’d known, of course, that Tony was very rich, but he never could’ve envisioned this grandeur.
Something to talk to about later, Steve promised to himself. He wouldn’t let Tony deal with this alone, no matter how much he wanted to hide from him.
He’d known, even as he’d agreed to go with Tony, that the shadow of Tony’s great first love would forever be a part of his life. Tony had truly loved his wife—everyone had said so. Even Mister Hammer. He’d loved her immensely, had even wanted to take his life because he hadn’t been able to handle the grief any longer.
Tony trailed in the direction Steve was pointing at and grabbed the sauce, as well as knives and forks for the both of them. When he turned around, Steve had already arranged everything.
“You’re a teammate,” he explained, though he knew that word was far too inadequate for his relationship with Tony Stark. Tony Stark had created him, had given him the parameters to understand and interact with the world. Aside from those three months in Afghanistan, he’d been his constant companion, had been the one to greet him and bid him goodnight every day. And he still remembered vividly when Tony had been almost killed by Aldrich Killian, the arc reactor smashed to pieces. He remembered JARVIS cradling him in the lent arms of one of the Iron Man suits, and also remembered the disorientation and sick feeling when he had been convinced that Tony would die and leave him alone in this world for good. It had been most troubling, and he didn’t care to revisit any of that.
“We’ll have to wait out the rain,” Steve said and looked to the side and at the branches over their heads. Water was already dripping into both of their hair.
Tony was stunned, his eyes trailing over him as he tried to get his bearings. Then, he looked down at himself.
“You know we’re kind of obligated to share any crucial information with the UN now, right?” Natasha asked, though the corners of her mouth had lifted slightly.
Tony sat down on the opposite side of the table, smiling lowly. This was… strangely domestic. But Christ, it felt good. Natural. Calm. Easy. Nothing seemed rushed, like there was actually time to enjoy just being here instead of the usual need to make the most of it while he could.
“Steve!” Tony called, and God, he looked tired. Was it really only a few hours since they’d last seen each other? There were shadows beneath Tony’s eyes, and a visible strain in his shoulders.
At Tony’s words, Steve felt his irritation rise. Did Tony really think he was that shallow? “Are you serious? That’s… that was your only reason? I didn’t know if you were dead or alive! I stopped dreaming about you and I half-convinced myself that the dreams hadn’t happened at all!”
He stepped a little closer to Steve, pausing a moment before he awkwardly put a hand on Steve’s shoulder, petting him twice before stepping back again to a respectable distance. “We’ll do everything we can to get you back as soon as possible. I promise.”
Tony rubbed the back of his head. “I will be once the headache wears off. How’d I end up in my bed?”
, Steve thought. The thought had occurred to him often in those last days. Ian’s entire head fit perfectly in the palm of Bucky’s hand. Their baby boy appeared unaffected by all the excitement. He yawned, stretched and settled down quickly.
“We both got lucky,” Steve said as soon as he’d composed himself, and felt something very peaceful settle inside of him.
Bucky’s eyes were fixed on the wall, all his thoughts seemingly focused on the effort of not breaking down. “I almost killed Sam.”
“It’s true that Indries pushed herself all the time,” Obadiah said, “but she wasn’t stupid about it. The storm would’ve stopped her.”
“Maybe it just wanted a little time-out,” Tony said, as he leaned back into the sofa’s backrest. Then, he clapped a hand on Steve’s knee. “Or it wanted to get up and personal with our good Captain. We’ve ruled out sex-pollen, by the way.”
Tony only spared him the shortest of glances, and with a silent understanding, Steve walked over to the other side of the tower ruins, far away from Tony, and looked for things to salvage as well.
A part of him still couldn’t believe it. But maybe his feelings clouded his judgment. That’s what love did, wasn’t it? To make one see only the good sides of a person… and not the darkest ones.
Bucky leaned sideways and his eyes moved across extravagant interior of the living room, as if he only just realized how high-quality everything around here was. “But it sure doesn’t hurt, huh?” he asked with a real grin. “All the things we wanted back then… all the things we always dreamed about… You’ve got them here. You have Stark, and I never thought that Nat would—” He trailed off, looking oddly bashful all of a sudden. And completely unable to go on.
In the shadows surrounding Tony, he kept seeing his face. The horror in his azure blue eyes that had overcome him once the initial shock had faded. He kept seeing Steve—a version of Steve who was truly terrified just by looking at him—and it was driving Tony mad.
“Right,” Tony said, as if remembering what he ought to do for this to work. With a frown on his forehead, he raised the other leg as well, bracketing Steve’s hips.
Tony was kneeling by the stream, his undersuit rolled down to his waist, splashing his face and chest before staring down at the water. “God, I’m old,” Steve heard him murmur.
Steve blinked, unsure for a second if he’d heard correctly. But he had. Instinctively, he wanted to protest, give Stane a piece of his mind, but then again… he did have a point. Steve had nothing to his name and these rooms, they were so beautiful he could hardly be ungrateful. So the only thing he could think to say was, “Right.”
Tony had no means of denying it. It was what he wanted. He heard himself agree to the command and there was little stopping the compliance of his body. His feet carried him forward.
"I got them for you… It's your choice, but I don't need them," Steve said, his voice low and husky. He hadn't meant for it to come out that way, but wasn't completely displeased. Tony's dark eyes met his own, and Steve inhaled slowly, letting himself enjoy the moment.
“Just like that,” Steve breathed, so grateful that Tony understood. He couldn’t possibly wait through the prep. Not right now. The blaze in his body was too intense, his legs already shaking with how close he was. And from the edge in Tony’s voice, Steve could tell slow wasn’t exactly something he wanted, either.
“We’ve got sightings of Rumlow,” Natasha announced without preamble and both Steve and Tony dropped their hands from each other.
“Tony,” Steve warned as he saw the tight expression in Tony’s face. “It’s just sparring. Cool down a bit.”
Tony frowned and looked down on the calendar in his phone. True enough, there was another meeting set up at two p.m.—another one of those horrible discussions about which changes on the Accords were acceptable and which weren’t. He really must be tired—he’d been one hundred percent sure the last meeting had been it for today.
Clint chimed in, casting Steve a half-grin, “Did you bribe them with vodka? ‘Cause I might’ve thought about that for a few days now.”
SR 2:23 P.M.>Fury is giving me the stink eye for laughing at that. Hope you're proud. Yeah, promise. Can’t wait for it. And you'll be so sore after. Can't that genius brain of yours find a way to make that happen?
It wasn’t exactly advanced mathematics. The UN wanted to control what they couldn’t so far, and by now, they only waited for the right timing to make the Accords public.
"I love you," Steve whispered next to Tony's ear, obliging him anything because he couldn't really refuse him. The hand not pressing at Tony's belly reached up to anchor itself at Tony's shoulder and he nipped hotly on Tony's skin. "So much. I love you so much…"
“Here we go,” he murmured. “ACDC, Kiss, ACDC, ACDC, Guns’n’Roses, ACDC, Pink Floyd… ugh, really?” He turned back around and raised an eyebrow at Tony. “Why did I not know you had the music taste of a fifty year old man?”
Steve’s head whipped up. His gaze instantly focused on him and he looked relieved in a way Tony didn’t know what to make of. And—Tony might be hallucinating—his expression sort of… lit up when he saw him.
“We did,” Steve confirmed, the thoughts in his head running wild. Then, he remembered something. “And the press conference?”
Tony released an unsteady breath at those words and carefully pulled his fingers free. Then he leaned up, kissing Steve's forehead with reverence, before he let his lips trail downwards, pressing a kiss to his nose first, then his lips.
“The team. I want the team to have a chance.” Swallowing, Steve forced himself to go on—to finally say the words that had resonated in his mind for so long. “The Avengers are important. Back with the Accords, I shouldn’t have given up on us so easily. You tried hard to find a way and I just… I dug my heels in. I still think I was right—about not signing the Accords right away. Hell, they barely gave us the time to read the damn thing, but… I see now that I sacrificed everything else on the way. And I understand that I’ve lost my right to make any demands. I’m willing to play by your rules now.”
Steve snorted, not bothering to keep the façade up any longer. “Just admit it, you’re dying to get home.”
He kneeled above Steve, his fingers kneaded his sac delicately, as though any pressure would break him—which was ridiculous of course, he was
Not convinced that Tony's attack was truly over yet, Steve nodded his head with a small huff. "It beats most of my previous dates," he said, and it was true.
The question remained the same: Why were these people allowed to investigate the case? Why did they bother? And what were they looking for? Whatever organization those three belonged to—it clearly operated under the radar. They had to be members of some kind of national security force, which led Steve to believe that there was something he was missing about the whole ordeal.
“You ass,” he mumbled against Steve’s lips. “I was going through Hell! I was literally dying inside! Why didn’t you
Besides, the gap between them really wasn't that inconsequential, especially since Tony was underage.
"Don't call me that," he finally said, setting the heat to the correct level and putting the box down, waiting for the oven to heat up. Bucky didn't say anything for a long moment, and Steve didn't want to look at him and see what more he had to say.
“Sixteen years is a long time,” Steve said, unbothered by it. “So the room was, what, a glimpse at our future?”
“Bruce, just… just give me a minute,” Steve muttered. At some point, he had forgotten how to breathe, wheezing and groaning as he pressed air into his lungs. He leaned his forehead against the wheel again, the phone still at his ear and his free hand fisted against his breastbone, trying to hold back the painful thudding of his heart, trying not to just plain pass out.
She made a choked up sound, as she stared up at Steve in horror. “He’s uploading himself into the body.”
.” Steve bit his lower lip. “Imagine my surprise. He kind of kissed me the moment I arrived there. Didn’t know I wasn’t his husband.”
Steve wanted to pull him into his arms. He wanted to do so many things, but in that moment, Tony’s words registered with him. And when they did, Steve didn’t know what to think.
“In the end it was me,” he said quietly. “We broke apart because of me.” His voice cracked under the truth of what he was about to say. “I tried to kill your friend. Barnes. Almost succeeded with it. I was angry, and I didn’t think it through. That’s why you left.”
“Your body is ridiculous, it’s so unfair.” He pressed his hand to the molten heat of Steve’s body; couldn’t help himself, really. He felt everything. Felt the blood rushing beneath his fingers, his strong and steady heartbeat, and the gentle wisps of Steve’s breath on his face. Steve’s chest was
Steve stared at him numbly, and Tony could hear all those dark thoughts running through his beautiful head.
Steve smiled. “I know what you did. What you’re still doing. With the Congress, and Bucky. I was… I couldn’t really think about anything else but Bucky in the last weeks, but I haven’t been blind. And I’m so grateful.”
But Dummy was already speeding across the next room and now that Steve had stepped into it, he saw that there was indeed an open pathway towards the beach.
furious since he’d met the god years ago. He looked close enough to strangle Tony. Of course, this was his brother’s scepter, the one they’d been looking for months, years even. A testy subject, Tony figured.
He tried to pull air in his lungs, for the first time aware that he hadn’t even been breathing properly for the last few seconds. Tony turned his head sideways and pulled off his glasses.
out of the eyes, and aside from looking creepy, this couldn’t be healthy. He knew Tony’d survive—of course he would. Not even his panicked, possessive, ‘hands off my husband’ mindset could douse his knowledge of what Extremis could or couldn’t do. And the one positive thing about the virus was most definitely its healing powers.
Not that Tony was complaining, really, Steve’s enthusiasm in the bedroom was his favorite thing ever, but what in
Swallowing, Tony managed not to glance away, but it was a close call. He’d been asked that question before, a few times actually, and every time, his answer had been that
“God knows this place could stand some music and dancing,” Pepper observed, then stood up and went to work.
When exactly he’d made ‘Keep Tony safe’ his mission, he didn’t know, but he would do anything to make it happen.
“Yeah.” Tony nipped at Steve’s lips briefly, before he dropped his head back on the sheets. “No teasing.”
When he’d finished his shower, Steve walked up to the common floor. On his way to the kitchen, he glanced at the various photographs that filled almost every surface and wall. When he came across one of the bigger ones, he stopped.
have him back, not yet. But having Steve’s future self here was the proof that his Steve was still alive, right?
Kneeling on the dirt, Rumlow slowly pulled off his mask. The skin beneath was singed terribly on one side, most of his hair missing. “I think I look pretty good, all things considered.”
Together, they walked into the kitchen. The way over was pointedly silent, and Tony kept shaking his head slightly, utterly confused.
This was better, familiar in a strange way. He hadn't had much of a chance to be physically close to Tony outside of their insatiable sex sessions, and still every intimate gesture felt… natural.
Steve felt a great deal of trepidation as he walked through the basement of the U-GIN Genetic Research Facility. Every attempt at contacting Helen Cho on their way to Seoul had failed, confirming Bruce’s suspicions that Ultron had somehow infiltrated the facility, and it had been a last minute decision of taking the sewer entrance instead of just stepping into the building.
Tony’s arms were around him the next second, clutching him tightly. His mouth drew away and ignited into an exploration, brushing his lips against Steve’s cheek and trailing a wet path of kisses down his throat.
Steve knew it before Ultron’s red eyes were fully laced with the black surface. That look on Ultron’s face—the mixture of absence and deep concentration—he knew that look intimately.
“A bit.” Clint’s bag rustled as he pulled out his bow on the backseat. “We weren’t prepared for the UN to insert itself into the team. But, Steve, I told you the others will have to be on the move to stop us and… don’t you think it’s a little naïve to hope Tony won’t know when we steal his Quinjet?”
He leaned down and pressed his lips to Tony's chest, trailing his way to one of those sweet, dusky nipples. He had just flicked his tongue against it, resting a hand on Tony's belly, when a loud growling rumbled through him, reminding him just how empty his own stomach was. He shifted to rub his forehead against Tony's chest. "Or maybe we can do
to look different, didn’t it? Immediately, Tony wondered how his future looked like. 2022 sounded so far away, and yet… it were only four little years.
He didn’t answer. There was nothing to answer. It wasn’t the first time the two men talked about some implants in his brain, and sometimes, when he woke up, there was a distinct pressure on his skull. He tried not to think too much about it. He couldn’t afford to worry about crossing that bridge when he was still on this one.
On the one hand, he couldn’t wait for the war to be over, but he dreaded it all the same. There was no telling what the time after this would bring. More often than not Steve had wondered if some power had brought Tony to him just so he could bear through all of this. The night after Project Rebirth, when he’d wished for his life to gain some meaning—that had been the night when he’d first met Tony.
And—oh God—it was too much. Already too much. A gasp scratched at his throat as Tony clenched around him. Tony was so tight. Tighter and tighter. He had barely breached him, and he was already close. His body clenched and Steve forced himself to a standstill to gather his bearings.
“Are all art profs this built?” Tony asked as he took hold of the table to help lifting it. At some point, Steve had discarded his jacket and Tony very much appreciated the way his arms flexed. “Or are you into sculpturing? I hear the sculpting guys are very good with their hands.”
“Cream, please, but Tony, I—I really have to go. I only came to thank you for being so kind to me. I really can’t keep Mister Hammer waiting. He—”
, so shocked and lost. Hard to believe it was already two days ago since he’d last seen him in the living room. Ever since he’d had that… flashback, hallucination, or vision, or whatever, he’d holed himself up in the gym or his own floor, not even coming down for dinner anymore.
Tony’s mouth opened with a question on his lips, when understanding finally dawned on him. “Shit, you thought it’d kill me.”
And still, it felt as if he could only truly believe in it, in this happy ending, after they had faced Thanos—and won.
Steve chuckled as he finished his survey of the fridge and closed the door. He turned around. “Okay, guys, here’s the plan: Bruce, Pietro, Scott, you’re making dessert. Vision, Wanda, you’re making the soup. Clint, Peter… uh, you can assist them…”
At the end of the day, it didn’t matter what Tony did with his time—he very clearly didn’t want to talk to Steve, or even see him, and that was all that mattered.
He was swallowed in a sea of endless possibilities, and realized he had no idea which statement to answer first. He had words, now. Words to accompany the hope he felt every time Steve looked at him. He’d somehow felt it with every thrust, every moan, every delicious whimper. Steve wanted this, too, but now there were words, and Tony felt a wave of safety wash over him. It became a little easier to return to the ground beneath his feet, and to just voice what he wanted.
It was a bit worrisome how the simple thought of Steve as an actual Captain could turn him on so effortlessly. At one point, Steve had been in military uniform, doing military things with military determination, all focused and combat-ready and uncompromising and…
“Just the question I was going to ask,” Bucky said via the comm line. He sounded agitated. “Anyone hurt?”
Cautiously, Tony stepped closer, so close that Steve had to be feeling the heat emanating off of him. His lips thinned and his human appearance melted away. He made sure Steve saw it all. How the flames flickered over his skin, making him glow from within, slowly burning away his flesh.
A breath shuddered out of Steve at the direct touch and the suggestion. Tony could say such filthy things sometimes… it made Steve so hot. His hands gripped Tony a bit tighter than would probably be comfortable for him, but he just… Wanted him so intensely, and so fast.
Steve blinked and turned around. There were two people walking towards him: a woman with shoulder-long red hair and a roguish blond man. The woman cast him a crooked smile as she came to a halt in front of him. “Mister Rogers, I’m Agent Romanoff and this is Agent Barton,” she said. “We’re working for the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division. Miss Hogan told us to inform you about the situation should you come here. I’m sorry, but we can’t allow you to proceed further than this.”
“It doesn’t matter what he thinks he heard,” Pepper hissed, stepping towards Tony. “It doesn’t even matter if he’s right or wrong. What matters is
And just like that, Tony was gone. And Steve was left standing in the shadow of Stark Mansion. In the shadow of something so much greater than he could ever be.
When Happy was gone, Tony brushed a thumb over Ian’s soft brown hair. It was curling slightly in his nape now, and with him sleeping so peacefully, he looked so much like Steve it had Tony smile.
With a last, trembling sigh, Steve came inside Tony once more. And when his glossy, sated eyes met his, Tony’s could have sworn he’d kissed the sun.
“Tony,” the man replied, and instead of asking for Steve’s name, he kept smiling at him in a way that could only be described as lewd.
“You’re the same man you were this morning,” he told him, “just with a good few thousand years at your back. You know you love me, too, and it scares the hell out of you.”
Steve truly would go all-out with this. He had been so certain he wouldn’t, but now he questioned himself.
He had given the kick his all, every bit of strength he possessed, and the man ended on the floor, unconscious for now, though Steve had a feeling those were just fleeting moments.
he pleaded, though he knew this wasn’t about a higher power messing with their lives--this was just between him and Steve, and if they were meant to be, they’d get through this, too.
Bruce shook his head. “You seriously think that since I’ve joined the team I’ve lived a single day not knowing what I might eventually have to do? That I might get imprisoned for being who I am? For things the Hulk did? Granted, I really hadn’t thought it might involve a few rogue Avengers—but I can do this. I’m ready to play my part.”
“I…” Steve said, planning to continue with something equally bawdy, but only managed an unwitty, “Okay.”
Tony bit his lip, touching Steve’s cheek. “We… we could do this. I mean… you want it, right? This? Us?”
He’d sent out a message a good half hour ago, announcing his arrival, but there had been no reply. Even when he’d breached Wakanda’s borders, no one had so much as blinked an eye.
There was a loud crack in the sky, and they all raised their gazes. Blasts cut through the air, and suddenly buildings were crushed like they were made of paper.
“Steve,” he called out, heart thundering with adrenaline, but Steve already had the shield in his hands, sitting up with the bed sheet tangled around his middle.
There had been a moment, on the Helicarrier, when he’d thought about letting Bucky Barnes fall into that river—let him drown, let him die for what he had done to Steve. Of course, that moment didn’t last. Letting your husband’s best friend die? Probably not the best move. The moment had been gone as fast as it had come, and within seconds, JARVIS had plucked Barnes right out of the air and brought him to the towers’ medical floor.
At home, Tony immediately went to Ian’s baby room. Vi had put him into bed for a quick nap and gave Tony a short goodbye hug before she left.
“And if… I vow to be very, very virtuous?” Tony asked, as he cuddled more fully against Steve’s chest, a happy shiver racing through his body. “My hands will always stay above waistline, pinky swear.”
. Of course. Hadn’t their nanny once said this was about the age when babies started getting teeth? He’d read that some infants were notoriously fussy during that stage. Perhaps what Ian needed was simply something that would soothe the savage beast.
Steve didn’t have an answer for him, and after a moment, he stood up, walking a few steps towards the sink, and turning his back on them as he stared out of the little window.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t spend the day with you,” Tony started, as if he’d read Steve’s thoughts. “I thought I could take a break but I’ve been away so long, it took hours to catch up on everything that happened with the company. Also, Pepper called and informed me that she and her husband will be visiting tomorrow. She’s my company’s director. She’s perfect, but once Pepper starts talking it’s practically impossible to make her stop unless she wants to.”
Steve vehemently shook his head, and the moment that followed stretched forever. Steve was panting almost as hard as he was, studying him intently. And Tony couldn’t look away, willing Steve to understand. The ground on which he stood trembled beneath his feet.
Tony led him to the floor below and Bucky couldn’t drag his eyes off of him. It was… hard to believe that he was here in the first place—that he’d decided to face the whole team after what had happened, but the fact that he wanted to do this for him… it felt like he was still somehow asleep.
Steve’s eyes only got bigger as he went. There were dozens of desks with an endless amount of machinery that looked a lot like it’d just dropped down here from a different world entirely. He’d known, of course, that Tony was called a genius—that newspaper described his inventions as masterpieces, but he still hadn’t been prepared to see it for himself.
“And here I thought you liked me always.” Oh hell, Steve hadn’t meant to sound as seductive as he did right then. Tony must have been just as stunned by it, because he didn’t say a word for a very long time.
Yet, after everything that had happened in New York, after Fury had sent Coulson to help them with Aldrich Killian, no questions asked, he’d thought—foolishly, maybe—that things had changed. The Avengers weren’t part of SHIELD anymore,
Tony’s eyes widened as he stared up at her. Nebula was murmuring something to herself even as she began to tremble. After a moment, her feet left the floor, her body hovering in the air. The Infinity Gauntlet was pure blazing light and once she spoke, her voice reverberated with the sound of many people speaking simultaneously.
With a groan, Steve’s eyes tracked the movement, taking in the sheer intimacy of it, before he was sinking home fully, shoving forward in one fluid movement.
Ian’s way to this world might be something people wouldn’t understand—not yet, at least—and Steve was aware of that. But that always happened with things that were foreign. It had taken him a few weeks to get used to the idea, too. Weeks of tiptoeing around the Cradle, staring down at it, trying to somehow imagine that a human being would be born in there in nine months.
Steve’s hands closed around Tony’s upper arms and yanked him forward. The shield clamored to the ground, and the next second, his mouth attacked Tony’s, pouring his confused lust and endless need into him.
Slowly, Tony opened his eyes, and his trademark-smirk appeared on his face. “Hate to break it to you, but you’re not in,” he said without malice. “I’m fine, go on.”
Things grew quiet again—awkward and unsure. And before Steve knew it, he had released a deep breath and risen to his feet.
It was only one face that remained hazy. He recalled red hair, but couldn’t piece together the right set of eyes and nose in a manner that struck him as accurate.
, just short of a day after Tony had stormed out of his and Steve’s apartment, and well in the middle of the night, could only mean one thing.
Both Tony and the woman ended up on the floor, after she’d grabbed his foot; Tony on his back, the woman on her side. Tony recovered first. He grabbed the monitor that still ran the video of his parent’s death from the pedestal and began beating the woman with it. She was able to dodge rapidly enough to avoid the blows, and though Tony delivered several good hits, she eventually managed to hook a leg around the back of Tony’s foot and jerk him back down to the floor.
“Sure,” Steve said and automatically took a step aside, as the Iron Man suit bled all across Tony’s body, assembling around him. The next thing Steve knew, Iron Man’s eyes flared to life as the two of them walked towards the exit.
Steve reached over and grabbed the beltline of Tony's pants firmly. He pulled him close and kissed him again just to stop his movements for one second. "Come on," he whispered, then turned, pulling Tony along.
Slowly, realization began to dawn on him and he confirmed his suspicion when he looked down at his hands. The skin around his fingers was burned, raw and scalded red. And once Tony raised a hand to his own head, there was no single strand of brown hair any more, only more burned skin that surely looked as hideous as it felt.
Steve could see that he was at least calmer, but there was still a light in his eyes that worried him. “What are you thinking?”
“138 combat missions,” Rhodey said. “That’s how many I’ve flown. Every one of them could’ve been my last, but I flew ‘em. To the fight needed to be fought. It’s the same with these Accords. I signed because it was the right thing to do. And, yeah, this sucks.” He glanced at Tony. “But losing Steve didn’t change your mind.”
Steve’s mouth slid along Tony’s collarbone from the hollow of his throat to the point of bone on his shoulder. Tony was all taut, supple muscle and fine, strong bone with olive satin skin. Steve reached out a hand and ran it over his chest and stomach. Tony shivered and the way he was looking at Steve turned his bones to water—as if he were the only thing that mattered in the whole world.
Until then, they had all the truth they needed in each other. Even with miles to go before they could see each other again.
?” he asked Sam, who had somehow managed to sprawl his body all across the couch, munching popcorn as he glanced up at Tony. The sun had just set, bathing the skyscrapers outside in a dark hue. In the background, some kind of action movie was playing and Clint was waving his arms at him with a very bored expression, trying to get him to move out of the way.
close. Another step, and his chest would be against Steve’s. And perhaps because Steve knew it was a dream, he didn’t fight or step back. No one saw them here; no one would know what he secretly wanted. So he didn’t attempt to regain the space Tony’d stolen. The cold he’d felt in the lonely, shady motel room was gone. Tony was standing right in front of him, and damn if he didn’t smell as good as any man Steve had ever fantasized about.
It turned out an hour was only just about enough time for her to prepare Tony before he had to take off to Washington. He was steamed, plucked and primped. It had been years since she’d done this for him, and Tony felt a familiar warmth spread through him. “Thank you,” he told her quietly as he fastened his tie.
“He came by our apartment and asked me if I was allowed to play tag with him. He probably knew I didn’t go outside much and wanted to make sure he didn’t do anything wrong. I said yes, because Buck was the first one who’d ever asked me to play with him and not just consider me an invalid, so I didn’t tell him I was housebound. An hour later, I had the worst asthma attack of my life, and nearly suffocated to death. My dad gave Buck a mean beating and he didn’t speak to me for three weeks. I also lied to my ma about my chest pains and a dozen other symptoms on a daily basis, because I wanted to be normal, which always ended up making everything so much worse for her. I lied to about sixteen doctors to get into the army before I met Erskine, and I lied to Tony for over half a year when we met…”
“I need…” Steve said, his voice hoarse. He had no single idea what he needed, but it became more imperative by the second.
—was buzzing with excitement. People thrived on the scandal and newspapers rose debates as to what might have actually happened to the lovely Miss Indries.
Steve visibly reined his frustration in, his voice trying to stay even. “I know we’re not perfect, Tony, but the safest hands are still our own. I don’t see how—”
“Stevie, come on,” Bucky prompted and tried and failed to raise his metal arm to console him. “Tony’s a grown man, he’s like… that Coyote guy from that kid’s series Clint’s watching all the time.”
Tony licked his lips, trying for a small smile. “Morning,” he greeted quietly. “I’d say… don’t freak out, but that didn’t work out so well for me last time.”
Without preamble, Steve felt something hard crash in his chest. “You’re taking him into custody?” he snapped at Fury. “
Tony couldn’t hold back the fond smile that rose to his lips. He tried hard to ignore how those words affected him just because it was Steve voicing them. He didn’t want to give Steve that. He desperately needed to remain angry with him, because… if he was angry, the worry couldn’t consume him whole.
“I know that,” Steve agreed. “I’m not saying I regret all of it. You know I don’t.” He smiled a little, though he didn’t feel it. “But I always regretted the outcome. I’d do a lot to change what happened. I… I never wanted to fight you.”
you by my side, Steve. Please sign. We can find out what happened to Bucky, make sure it doesn’t have any consequences for his trial. Nothing happened yet. But if you take action against the government right now, I’m not sure I can help him… or you.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Don’t be stupid, you’ll be like our… fourth, no fifth babysitter-choice. Gonna have to hold him at some point.”
He raised his rifle, and took a couple of slow breaths to steady his heart rate, waiting until they were both on the right height… then he took the shot. The bullet pierced the woman’s abdomen, then the scientist heart.
He still didn’t think they could’ve done anything to stop the city from being destroyed. They had given their all, had tried to save everyone—had sacrificed so much. And at the end of the day, people had died, yes, but the earth was still there, and he hoped the people would see the odds and ends, once the anger had died down a little.
The Infinity Stones still levitated in the air as Strange chanted a few words, and in a blink, the stasis that’d held Thanos in thrall increased and made his body slowly turn into stone.
“I trust you,” Tony said, frowning at their entwined hands. “Of course it needs to be you. You’re still my…” Husband. Lover. Partner. Best friend. Soulmate. There were all these words for Steve, and none of them could hope to describe what Tony felt when he looked in those beautiful blue eyes. “You’re the most important person in my life. I know you’re angry, but… it should be you. Please. You just need to be in hearing range for audio input, saying one thing after the other, effect will be immediate. And then just, I don’t know… get me somewhere secluded so I can recover.”
When he didn’t go on, Rhodey stepped closer to him. “And you’ll just accept that?” he asked. “That boy
TS 10:19 A.M.>Ready and willing, Caparoo. Maybe we won’t jinx it if we don’t plan ahead too much. Meet me at the tower at 8 and we see where things go?
“As I said, Mrs. Stark was a very unstable character. Rejoicing one day and distraught on the next. If she had her reasons… yes, I could see her killing herself.”
“I thought you’d like it.” Tony smiled gently. He walked over to him, his thumb stroking the back of Steve’s hand. “And I hoped you might come here again, sometime. When I work. You could stay here and draw a little,” Tony suggested.
Steve moaned almost helplessly, and then brushed a series of wet, needy kisses on Tony’s throat. His lips were soft and nearly affectionate against Tony’s skin and some well-hidden part of him swelled with newfound warmth.
“I told Stark he couldn’t hide forever,” he continued, his voice now full of glee. “Let’s see how long it’ll take me to defrag his mind, shall we?”
an old man, sir, but I should know how to tell apart the similar facial structure of the man I served for four decades.”
“Sorry for the killjoy, buddy. Guys like him just can’t handle men like you and me, you know?  If you got it, flaunt it, that’s what I say.”
With the darkness of the night outside, and the company of someone, who seemed to expect nothing of him, he allowed himself to relax, and they sat in a comfortable silence, broken only by the sound of Bruce blowing his drink cooler. Steve was looking out of the window, though, once he caught his own reflection upon it, his shifting gaze locked on the bottle of Dr. Erskine’s Burn Healing Activator on the window-sill and lingered there until Bruce spoke.
“So,” Tony asked, “how long will I be bedbound? Do they have you playing my nurse?” When he smiled, it was fabricated; all cheek, no eyes. “Not that it’s the worst option thinkable but … might be less awkward for all parties involved if you didn’t give me a sponge bath. It’s been sixty days after all.”
They made their way through the town across the still rutted streets. Steve’s deep lungful’s of air were rattled by his starting shivers. It was suddenly very cold; sweat, which had clung to his skin, was now drying and cooling down.
“Risk!” Fury growled out, “Rogers, if we are lucky, Stane hasn’t cottoned on to the mole in his ranks, but he won’t be so stupid as to not have several armed men guarding, as he put it, his best worker. You may have been able to storm into Wellenbeck by yourself as Steve Rogers, a farm boy from Brooklyn, but you will not find it as easy now when you’re Steve Rogers, the war hero. Getting Tony Stark on our side—away from the hands of the likes of Stane—is worth more than the lives of a couple small-town deputies.”
Jarvis was laying on a bed near the window. This offered him a good field of vision of the main street below, where he had no doubt caught their approach. He winced a little as he shifted his propped position upon the bed.
He felt vulnerable and besieged; how had somebody not only gotten themselves in, but brought a dead body with them, without awakening any of the not so insignificant staff? If only he had a way of photographing the room, to survey it even when no one was in, to prove his innocence; he could practically feel his brain whirr with this conception. There was a long and pregnant silence in which Tony could only hear his harsh breaths and feel the tremble of his hands by his sides, and which was broken at last by the hurried footsteps and wheezing coming from behind the corner.
Fury gave him a slow, one-eyed blink. Then he rose from his desk and rounded it, hands in his pockets. He came to stand in front of it, leaning casually backwards onto its edge.
Steve sighed; he had been taking long detours evading the perimeter of the building ever since he promised to Fury to make his divorce legal.
With a thrill, he considered a new possibility. Poor riffling had been brought up on two separate occasions which were both directly connected to a tragedy. Was it likely that the assassination of Thaddeus Ross and the fires were related? If so, Steve felt that he was on the verge of something big: the implication that a singular power accountable for two kills could be responsible for their misery was headache-inducingly hard to wrap one’s head around. Now, however—
“I had to ask,” sighed Steve, who pushed his hair off his eyes and, when the limping man hurled himself onto the steps, Steve came across with a right cross that tagged him in the jaw.
“It’s Inspector Rogers, actually,” the man said, looking flustered as he clutched his hat to his chest. “I’d be glad to have a few words with you, if I may.”
“Last time I did, it brought half the forest floor with it and spread it all over the hall,” said Jarvis, bowing out.
But then — so eerily similar to the day he had found Ty — he could make out that chink of faint light under the drawing room door.
Natasha, on the other hand, was looking from one man to another in apparent contempt. “Men,” she scoffed.
“Can you not rip my arm?” It was definitely Tony; Steve’s stomach registered a violent swoop. “You need it more than I do.”
“Okay,” he said, and at his tone, the rest quieted, “Stane knows we're here. The odds are we'll be riding into heavy fire. Stane’s not going to worry about civilian casualties. Our priority is keeping them out of this.” He looked hard at each of them in turn. “We saw Section 10 empty, by now the rest of the factory as well. We’ll use that for our advantage to get back to our horses, arm ourselves with anything and everything we find on the way. Yes, we are all good at what we do, but in order to win, we need to work as a team, starting now. Do your part. Stay safe. Let’s kill this bastard.”
The shout cracked like the following thunder itself: a flash of lightning, a rumble, and during the following silence Tony found a torch by his shoulder. As he picked it up, he thought he heard a door closing, though they couldn’t have moved around him so silently, so swiftly…
Here, it was suddenly ominously quiet. Bucky and Scott, following close to his heels, froze in their tracks in awe. They were in a cavernous glass-ceilinged hall, six-hundred and fifty feet long and a hundred feet high, with massive gas-fueled chandeliers running the entire length of its pitched ceiling. While the setting was an impressive feat of engineering, the cause of the sudden stop was even more incredible: rising in the middle of the wide, wide space was a product of the art of war. It was made of wood, fabric and wires, armed with four guns, and, strapped on the front of it, was a propeller. The whole machine looked like something out of Jules Verne’s books.
“What did you do between the hours of midnight and 5 a.m.?” Rogers inquired, still watching Tony closely.
Tony, feeling indignant, huffed, “You can do it yourself if you sit on everything I have to say. Anyway, what’s the next move?”
Steve realized what he was looking for at the exact same time a voice that had Steve’s heart leaping into his throat rang out.
Steve, who thought this a refreshing way for Bucky to taste his own medicine, only huffed and settled not to challenge the term.
“Have you heard anything of miners lurking about?” he asked after a moment of not touching the drink.
Jarvis looked at Tony, who waved him away, whereupon he gave a quick, jerky nod of the head and turned on the spot, making to leave the room.
“Ah,” said Murdoc, hesitating — then he spoke, quietly: “Mr. Stark made a habit of tweaking it once a year according to whichever relation had recently raised his ire.”
He set off at a brisk pace and heard a shuffle behind him as Tiberius finally extracted himself from the car; Tony’s strides had already brought him to the garage door when something thumped behind him. Turning to look, he saw Tiberius laboriously straightening from a tumble, at the same time as a tall, bulky kind of man appeared from inside, and his naturally frowning features morphed into even more severe lines at the sight of the man brushing gravel off his knees.
“Shouldn’t you be in school?” inquired Clint, who had laid his rifle down atop the flour and was now digging through his pockets. “Here, have a candy and go before Sharon rips me a new one.”
Steve felt as though someone had sucked the air out; it was suddenly very stifling in their three-roomed house.
“Ah, I’m afraid you’re getting slower,” he drawled. “Your men have already been here to beg that I’m not to let you go. But what can I say to a man with a plan?”
Tony, face bloody and twisted into a grimace that was half-pain, half-venom, was holding the runaway bulb.
She slid onto the heavy lid. Tony, over the top of his lenses, traced the trail of a cinched, belted waist, a scarf, and red lips to inquisitive brown eyes. Though the temples on either side were subtly greying, the picture of a woman in breeches, a knee-length tunic and a green loden armlet bearing a red felt crown of national service, was not far off.
“Sorry,” he said with a sheepish grin, “I got sidetracked there—what I meant is, it’s an honor, boss—er, sir—Mr. Sheriff.”
Actually, it's been more like 3d 18h but, eh, semantics. There was a bit more action in this chapter that's slowly building up to the real plot. And don't worry, it's not going to be too political--not my cup of tea, either.
“Yeah, I had time to kill. Hours I’m used to aren’t usually quite so, uh … nocturnal,” mused Rogers, quietly. “I figured … well, wondered, if the killer knew the household routine—”
The last thing Steve saw of Tony was his parting look before he took off through the open maintenance door. At his leave, Bucky threw up his hands.
“Look,” said Rhodey suddenly, “every single person deals with their grief differently … but what you’re doing…”
Fury took out his cigarette fixings. As Steve observed him trying to roll, Fury muttered a curse when the dry makings were almost swept off by the risen wind.
“Meaning if I can’t tell whether you did or did not do it in a quarter of an hour, I won’t be able to in a day?” he said. “Week?”
It was not as though he was unprepared, thought Steve, as he watched the panels of the wall, and an especially colorful painted horse galloping through what looked like a poppy field; he had had in inkling of this while on his walk yesterday. But he was not sure how he felt about it … he and Tony were too upset to look at each other, let alone talk to each other; what if this became too much to bear? Could their friendships survive it? Steve barely remembered the years when the seven of them had not been so close; he did not enjoy the thought of needing to bridge the distances between them twice. And then, what it Tony left? What if he returned back East and changed his name back to Potts, and it became excruciating to be in the others’ presence, so that the group split for good?
“As you are aware, Howard Anthony Walter Stark’s last Will and Testament has remained mostly unaltered for several years now.”
But after the last skirt had rounded the corner, and Steve trailed off to home, he closed himself into their bedroom, racked for the first time since his walk along the river by wrenching, breathless bout of tears. He sat on their iron bedstead with Tony’s last gift forced to his mouth, howling actually, uncontrolled, hoping no one would hear him.
And sure enough, they were there, looking bemused. Fury invited them, by gesture, to be seated, where they continued to look at the mayor curiously. When Fury straightened up, he laid a casual hand atop his safe.
“Of course not,” said Tony, voice echoing in the hall; they had yet to get more than a few feet from the door.
“I’m bored,” he sighed, forehead laid on the table, “the bed’s so damp frogs spawn between the linen, there’s no pretty things to look at … and I came here voluntarily,”
Not one to be outdone, Tony fired, “One more cheeky comment, and I’ll wheel you to a retirement home.” And then to Jarvis’ retreating figure: “I’ve already signed you up for a quilting bee!”
on you since the war, Rogers. S.H.I.E.L.D. keeps track of remarkable, talented individuals, who, eventually, will help us in preventing what used to be unpreventable.”
They were there, they were finally closer to Tony: 1000 miles of tracks stretched westward and disappeared gradually into the snow-covered, overgrown grass. They stood in waiting by it, with their bought tickets and horses snorting in boredom while, far away, the locomotive’s chugging could be heard.
“Careful, Steve,” Tony said, grinning. “It almost sounds like you’re apologizing. In which case, I’ll have to electrocute myself to make sure I’m not dreaming. No?” he added, catching Steve’s eye. “Too early?”
Although Steve recognized this as a kind of discourtesy, no part of him reared in anger; he took a measured step forward. Now, six feet from the locked door, Stane’s grip on his gun tightened, knuckles turning white. Slowly, very slowly, Stane put his arm inside his vest, coming to protectively grasp the bulb—and Steve knew Stane would fire soon … sensed the anticipation thicken in the air as Stane coiled like a snake—
Steve’s equally dark mood was temporarily lightened by the appearance at his side of an unhurt Bucky, who was holding a damp, balled cloth in his fist.
“There’s enough Buffalo Bills to last for the next ten years,” said Bucky as another man dressed in a fringe-sleeved jacket breezed past. “The costumes are dull this year … there you go, look.”
But it was for naught. Tony went limp against him, and all Steve was good for, was placing his hand against the matted hair at Tony’s neck and helping the lolling head gently down onto the bed, from where Tony’s glassy brown eyes looked up to the ceiling they could not see…
Steve wrenched his jacket off his shoulders and cast it on a nearby stool. Although the pot-belly stove was several dozen feet away, the room had suddenly become hot. He could also feel a burning and prickling that had nothing to do with the alcohol; he blinked up at the candle chandelier.
“Body? No, I should not say there was much left to identify. All declared dead. In the Stark mausoleum we buried three empty caskets. Every December I have felt empty, as if Anthony Stark never truly came home. Now I know why.”
“But you don’t think this is your normal breaking and entering gig gone bad, do you?” said Tony, who hated to be this transparent, in a detached voice.
[2] I loved writing Rhodey for the first time, but he had to go or there would be no story to tell: he is canonly about 99% of Tony's self-control, after all, and that's why I wrote him acting like the White Guy in every horror movie ever. Sorry.
“That was originally the last mayor’s idea, you know,” said Bucky, who along with Steve, had been here the longest. “During his last days in office, he sought to build a fence on the south border. I see the idea did not die when he left.”
Steve, frustrated at his own ineptitude, carded his fingers through his knotted hair. It was then that he was suddenly reminded of the presence of the ring. So, he thought while he gazed at it, not all things were lost. Swallowing painfully a cough that was about to break free, he thrust his hand in the wardrobe and threw on a new shirt.
“You know what I want when we get back?” he said and smacked his lips. “A coffee. Given how bad it is, I think they soak patients’ old socks in it in this joint.”
His fingers moved absent-mindedly to his wedding ring still adorning his finger, which had felt very naked and more than a little wrong the first time he had tried to pry off the jewelry…
“What?” said Bucky, unapologetic. “There was nothing he could have told us, bloody sniveling renegade. They kept this from Stane so they could boost their own position by serving us on a tray. He deserved nothing less after taking Tony.”
“Anything he can get his hands on, apparently. He’s been going on about this … armor he needs to build around us, whatever that means…”
this is thrilling,” said Tony brashly. “May I say that righteous intent is a good look on you, Reagan.”
Talking this way, he placed the freshly laid eggs, quickly cooling in the frigid air, into a carton.
He couldn’t get enough breath into his lungs anymore; he was being pressed very hard from all directions; there were iron bands tightening around his chest; the roar of the fire pushed against his eardrums and then—
“Yes, just about to wrap up here. And you are dirty. Seriously, what did you do, fought old Dusty and lost?”
A warm glow bathed half the room beyond orange, the source of which were the barely glowing embers in the fireplace. Here and there, a shadow moved as the pit spit a lone spark up the chimney; shadows danced on the walls and windows … and the thing that had made the noise revealed itself with another
Steve’s own eyes flew open as he was shaken awake by a sound; on his right, Clint had broken open his rifle and was reloading it. The trembles of a dying body turned into the vibration of the speeding train. Outside the window, landscapes changed rapidly, and smoke flied past in wisps as the engine thundered; Steve could see the chimney whenever the tracks bent to the left.
Obie remained unperturbed. He sniffed at his half-full snifter and watched the golden liquid swirl in its bowl.
your employer, Mr. Stark, in the hall around four o’clock so, clearly, you moved about,” said the left Police-Constable doubtfully. “The door’s right by your room.”
“I believe he’s stalling on a drive around the neighbourhood, sir,” said Jarvis as he went about the room, opening the large shutters, flooding the room with light. Dazzled, Tony turned his face away, squeezing his eyes shut.
Rogers gritted, though his relieved shift of weight from one leg to another was at odds with his berating tone. “What in the God’s name are you doing in here?”
“Have you slept well?” he asked. “In a house that’s been broken into … it’s quite common to feel unsafe.”
Whether the alcohol had naturally run its course through his system, or Steve’s state of infuriation had burned it up, the party seemed much less exiting to enter the second time around. By the time the raffles started, the room bathed in the golden light of the hanging oil chandeliers was something Steve very much wished to escape from. As he could not leave, however, he stayed back; head bowed, and arms crossed in the corner of the room with a permanent scowl now fixed onto his face as Clint recounted all he had overheard.
The gathered crowd had parted as the stocky form of their doctor marched past, carrying his medicine bag. Steve closed his eyes. The smell of smoke lingered on his clothes; it made his fears horribly vivid.
Steve angled his body away from its brightness and sought for appropriate words. “Aren’t the letters a little … farfetched?”
“I guess we had that much in common,” Steve said quietly. “We both grew up wishing not be like our fathers.”
“Good day, sir,” the old man greeted, coughed, but offered a steady hand for Steve to shake. His grasp was firm. “Edwin Jarvis.”
The hair on the back of Steve’s neck stood up. Jarvis’ hoarse voice seemed to come to him as if from a distance as the sound of cannon fire reverberated through the intervening years. He saw what had happened next like he himself had been present.
And that was the grim truth of it, Steve knew, because in a small community such as this, once their separation had become public knowledge, it was bound to affect more than just him and Tony.
When their feet touched the parquet floor of the hall, Tony found himself face to face with a Police Sergeant, who had just come out of the drawing room, closing the door behind him.
Rather badly startled and mad at himself for having been discovered by a bookish, law-abiding mayor such as Fury, Steve stood up, brushing his pants where sand clung to the wet linen.
This was his chance, thought Steve, who wrenched, legs fighting for grip, ribs smarting, Stane’s armed hand up where the second bullet was fired towards the sky; the third was discharged at half-cock. Steve’s grip on the gun was strong; Stane had to lean back with all of his mass to tug it off. And, when Stane finally tugged it free, it was with such tremendous force that the sudden loss of resistance sent him continuing his motion … and he tumbled down six steps. Steve stepped over Stane’s weapon—landed two steps higher—on his way to where Stane had crumbled in a heap; groaning, a string of bloodied spit creating a bridge between him and the step. His hands felt at his waistcoat, increasingly panicked.
He spun and looked around, listening again. He turned a full circle on the carpet, the silence pressing harder than ever against his strained ears. He knew he had not imagined it, but nothing was making a sound except the rasp of his elevated breathing.
“Briefly. I didn’t see him, though. I was busy with a patient downstairs, but when I came up, all his stuff was gone—well, most.”
Steve had just run up the theater’s stairs for high ground, when a dark figure hurtled out before his eyes from the intersecting alley.
as Happy opened the door of the stagecoach and the witness stepped out, with hunched shoulders, wizened, skin so pale it blended into his white, wispy hair. Clint let out a throaty, muffled sound of shock: nothing this old had entered the town in living memory; Sam’s hands spasmed as though he was readying himself to catch the man should he keel over any second, and Bucky whistled under his breath, “Can his words be trusted?”
Breaking into a sprint, Steve quickly checked his trusted gun’s chambers—five expended cartridges, one live round—and he leaped over the tracks, meeting no other people on the way; but surely they had heard … let the police come to witness this, Steve thought … anyone … anything…
Rather than interrogate him, Natasha poured him another finger. The glass in Steve’s hands had almost been drained; he couldn’t remember drinking it.
“Man,” said Sam from somewhere behind him, “give him some space to breathe. He’s looking pretty overwhelmed.”
Anyway, thanks for sticking with me to this point of the story. If you're interested in this new one, if I continue with this speed, it should be ready by September lol
With a slight screech against the stone tiles, Steve drew up a chair for himself, and settled anew at Tony’s bedside.
“With all due respect, sir,” Steve started, about to very much disrespect, “when Tony is involved … if it comes to saving the others or him, I can’t trust my judgement. I won’t risk any more lives than I absolutely have to.”
The shorter man brought his bottle to his lips again—and then, making him jump so badly he drew in some of it, and causing his friend to fall off his stool, Steve spoke.
Tony then fixed on him for the first time the same piercing gaze Steve had seen used against Fury when the mayor got too curious about his inventions.
“Excuse me,” said Jarvis, who had followed the light downstairs, and who strode in to straighten the line of cables Tony had disrupted. “There’s a man outside, sir.”
Without realizing it, Steve was digging his nails into his arms as if he was trying to ward off physical pain. On the job, he had gotten hurt more times than he could count; during war, he had been shot through the stomach; broken ribs; even this sleepy town had left its mark in the form of a few scars. But never, until this moment, had he felt so aware of his own mortality.
The weather could not have been different on the journey back to Colorado than it had been on the way to San Francisco three weeks previous. There wasn’t a single cloud in the sky. The seven of them had managed to get two rows of seats for themselves. Natasha was a woman again with her read hair falling down her chest in ringlets; Scott was dozing, his head against the window, and Clint was visibly suppressing the will to mess with him on the seat next to him. Sam, Bucky and Steve talked more fully and freely than they had done in months, as the train sped eastwards. Steve felt as though finding Tony had unblocked them, somehow. It was less painful to discuss what had happened on the months leading to their breakup. They broke off their conversation about what sort of town they were returning to, only when a group of loud gentlemen boarded the train in Carson City.
However, as the three of them moved to the front door, the two men exchanging looks over the top of Tony’s head, Rogers made avoiding eye contact impossible by turning to face him under the arch of the entry. Behind his back, Bucky continued to stroll to their car. Tony watched him go, feeling forsaken; he appeared to be a stabilizing influence and Tony was sorry to see him gone.
“He’s not right. He’s flushed, manic. Hot one minute, cold the next. Surely, you’ve noticed. The time he’s supposedly at work makes no sense at all.”
Steve felt faint. He was not alone in this; none of them had seen more than two California gold pieces at a time after war.
While the man was still bend over, Steve twisted Rumlow’s head by the grip he took of his nose and pressed his gun to his head.
“Weeks ago, however, I received the following letter from late Mr. Stark, which contained the following document,” he explained, squinting at the paper through his small, round lenses. “It is a codicil to the original will, drawn up in his own hand. He states clearly his desire to leave everything he owns to Mr. Anthony Stark, as he trusts him to be a better man, and divide the fortune accordingly.”
had the night shift,” Steve said as he ducked past Bucky’s mutinously set shoulders. “No offense but you look terrible. I’m fine. I’ll go to the Sheriff’s Office, you catch some sleep.”
The bedsprings let out a wailing creak. Tony had launched off the bed, and Steve felt himself tugged toward him; Tony smelled of the state-sanctioned soap they wash everything with here. Steve had to lock his free arm around Tony’s shoulders to brace him and, feeling stunned by his good fortune in having things turn out like this. He curled his fingers into the curls at the nape of Tony’s neck.
“Hmm?” he said vaguely, and at raising his gaze, continued airily, “Oh, no, don’t stop your brainstorm for my sake.”
“Steve,” Tony broke the silence at length, “please tell me you’re going to intimidate Mr. Circus Show out there into letting me out.”
“Or not,” said Steve, and gazed at them. He felt like an answer was dangling right in front of his eyes, tantalizingly close. “That’s exactly what he does.”
Stepping out of the henhouse, keeping his eyes averted from his home, Steve set afoot toward work, although he did not know quite how he could face his friends again. But his misery did not last long: at that moment, a figure came stalking from behind the corner of his house. Tall and dark, the man’s appearance had Steve’s hand flying to his holster. Only then did he recognize the glint of metal as a pickaxe.
“Ease off, Sheriff,” he said, pulling back his hand. “You can tell Rogers I’m done shopping for the day.”
“Oh, good. You know this is my choice, right? I may be the only one with kids and I do miss my Cassie terribly already, but. These things, heists and rescue missions…these things are once in a lifetime, man. I got a daughter to take care of, and Mr. Pym happened to promise his blessing if I come back alive.”
Had the letter this sketch was for ever been sent … or perhaps that, too, would be found in a dark corner somewhere, collecting dust … it unlikely was about work; there Howard had no regrets …
It was what Steve had suspected and feared him to be feeling. The entire house seemed to be spinning in slow, askew circles, and Steve wondered if his childhood shortness for breath had returned because this felt similar to not having enough air in him.
Behind the slammed door, they found a lush, Chippendale-style office and a distressed Hank Pym, who lifted his bowed head at their entry.
They rode off, raising the dust anew. Steve stared after them where, above their heads and the tan earth and scrub, rainclouds lingered over the white-capped mountain range north to the town. Hopefully, some could be spared for them; Steve was tired of feeling sand grind between his teeth. Irritated, he dusted off his jacket with several strong hits from his hat.
“Are you still checking up on me?” Tony asked. Despite his breezy note, he didn’t look it. Steve could tell that this loss of trust had come as a real blow to him. One night had changed everything.
But Steve never did find out if he could have pressed the trigger, for at that moment sound rose from downhill, so large-sounding and steady that that Steve and Stane alike looked around. The air was suddenly full of rhythmic, metallic clicking; behind Steve’s back, a cable car thundered up towards the square. The light of the lamps played at its sides but offered little illumination for the driver to identify the beam laying on the tracks; a scream of brakes pierced the December evening, closely followed by the slow, ominous creak of the grip car listing to the left—until it toppled over, bringing along with it the trailer.
There was no change of expression in Peggy’s face, though the rather quick shift of her lashes, to hood her eyes, gave her away.
Tony lifted his head from his palm, opened his eyes and stared at the drawing room as though expecting to find the footprints of the shooter in either of the corners by the credenza that held the tray Obie had emptied…
“You’re just—you’re so—you have no idea how to act in a relationship, do you?” Tony said abruptly, and then shook his head, “I don’t know why I thought this would be easy.”
One man, who looked unfortunately familiar to Steve, stood up. Wolfgang Strucker, who could often be recognized by his sporting his thin golden-rimmed monocle, cleared his throat and looked down at his documents.
“Don’t play with me,” said the second voice loudly, echoing down to their cover. “If the machine is not ready by midnight, if this is another game, you will find yourself explaining why to the business end of a less …
The heavy sound of the front-door bolt being drawn back echoed distantly through the hubbub floor below, then there was a single pair of footsteps thumping up onto the landing and an officer rounded the corner.
“Hey, don’t you have work today?” asked Tony, frowning at Steve. There was a cup of coffee in his hands and his curls were only mildly flattened by the weather.
Thanks for making it to the end of this story, even though I totally blew that original update schedule. Sorry 'bout that.
“No, no,” Tony said and waved his fork at Rhodey imperiously. “You wanted to leave, you do as you please. Don’t change your mind for my sake. Besides,” said Tony, having just heard a car pull up in front of the house through the open door of the dining room. “Who says the case isn’t solved by the time you settled in. Then who’s the fool?”
Steve gripped the wayward hands, locking his fingers around both wrists, and brought Tony’s hands to his lips and kissed them slowly.
Coulson dipped his pen into the ink bottle. There was a visible smile tugging at the corners of Coulson’s mouth as his pen flied over the curve of the capital ‘C’ to the last ‘n’.
The voices, although not more than couple feet apart, were coming as though through a great distance; fragmented visons were already flooding his exhausted mind that was determined to pull him under again—
Visibly bewildered, Steve stepped into the house past Tony’s inviting gestures. Dummy jogged alongside them, ribcage swaying from side to side.
He sounded a little morbid, and perhaps realized it, for he smiled more warmly as he went on, “I am not complaining; it is a fact that I can only hope to see the man he has become.”
“I’m fine. It just slipped,” Tony said, “I must have still had some oil on my fingers.” He shook off Steve’s hands and asked with false casualty, “You mean the president-elect?”
“What, I could have waited for a more appropriate moment but then again, I did just get my ass beaten by a beam. Nearly being killed by my own godfather—again—was just the cherry on top, so I thought, hey, life truly ain’t that grand.” Tony shrugged, nonchalant, and finished with, “Might as well embrace it.”
“Did you come home before sunset?” Tony said finally, jumping off of his elevated spot. “’Cause I came home before sunset.”
When they at last stepped inside the carriage, whose suspension yielded to their weight, Steve took a seat on the opposite side of the carriage with his body buzzing. He knew he ought to feel excited; there was clear tension in Tony’s eyes as he took in Steve’s appearance, but he felt things were unfinished—uncommunicated and unfinished.
Tony laughed. They had reached his car; he jumped over the closed door onto the driver’s seat. As he double-clutched, Rhodey opened and closed the passenger side door, sliding in with a creak of dipping leather.
Although flat, it rather resembled the bulb on their ceiling: pale, pinkish light glowed within its glass and lit Stane’s sharp features. The triumph on his face chilled Steve to the core.
“The evidence is pretty thin. Nonexistent, I would even say,” Sam reasoned, forestalling any questions for further notice. “We’re working on a lot of assumptions here. A letter is no smoking gun.”
They had reached the edge of a square. At the curb, Tony stumbled. He staggered sideways into Stane, who pushed him away, back towards the open space; there, the dark outlines of buildings encompassed them. A theater towered above them on the right. Steve could just make out tracks of a cable car cutting across its cobble-stoned center.
“Your job’s crazy,” Lang said, looking down from his saddle in reverence, though his brows furrowed once he noticed the lack of cattle nearby despite their prints all over the street. “Oh, man. Did Cow-coa and Moolissa break free?”
“To dance,” replied Bucky, who raised his hat higher on his forehead with a finger, making eye contact with a lady. “S’cuse me.”
The gardener was waving at him from outside, hovering by the flowerbed below the window. He was a simple man, who looked older than he must have been with his tanned and dry-skinned face, which was mildly peeling at his cheeks and wrinkled forehead.
Tony was already walking away when Hammer recovered enough to shout: “Though from what I’ve gathered, you’ve enjoyed enough!”
Tony nodded but even as he did so, an insane urge to confess he was afraid came over him. He looked up at Rhodey — perhaps he could pull his military strings again, to get the best American lawyers on the case? He’d be delighted … a bit too delighted, Tony decided, quickly abandoning the idea.
Soon, in front of a nameless plaque, Pierce stopped and took out his keys again. Then the door swung open, and Steve’s relief vanished: only one man was in the unfurnished room, standing as though anticipating their arrival, and in the illumination of the sole window, you could just make out the scar that stretched from his brow to his hairline.
