He’d start with his baby brother though. It was Loki’s birthday after all, so he would get twice as much gifts as the others.
Clint burst out laughing. “Why the fuck would you want that, Thor ?”
In a year from now, Tony would wonder if staying with his abusive father would have been less painful. If it would have spared his heart.
“Tony ? Hello ? Earth to Tony do you copy ?” Clint called.
Bucky froze and his eyes widened comically.
“What the fuck is Tony Stark doing here ?!”
Silence. Bucky felt like crying, sobbing loudly. Screaming at the world that he’s sorry, so sorry to have let Steve, his best friend, his love, come to feel so utterly alone and broken. But nothing came, and no matter how much he tried to, he didn’t move, didn’t make a sound.
Natasha seemed to read his thoughts. “Yup. He's making pancakes. They're delicious, you should try them.”
“It's not him you hate. It's yourself.” She murmured.
“You will fight with us and follow our plan. The plan is to pair up and fight.”
----------------
Chapter 10 is Steve centered, you all get to see him being miserable.
Horror paralyzed Clint as he saw the Winter Soldier bolt from behind the pile of rocks and run as fast as he could.
But the genius was no longer watching him, instead, he was lost in thoughts. 'My' ? 'My Bucky'..? He fought back the sudden wave of jealousy. No, it wasn't like that, they were just best friends. Steve had said so.
Bucky closed his eyes.
The Winter Soldier nodded.
“The question now, Tony, is what do you want to do, kick him out ?” Bruce seemed to be for that option.
The Winter Soldier, Bucky, Tony, the choice. The heartbreak that followed. The blond opened his eyes sharply, trying desperatly to avoid the memory of Tony's broken ones.
Shame tickled at the numb surface of his ocean of emotions. Steve could feel himself floating at the surface, face in the water, eyes closed. He could feel it. There was a tidal wave of self hatred coming his way. And it would not be the only violent thing this ocean would make him go through in the near future.
And, shit.
and it is ruining your life
“Well my name is Ivan Vanko, and I am with the police, so you actually should answer, kid. Your mama would want you to.”
“Us ?”
Upon seeing that, Tony stood up and took a few steps away from the others.
The door opened slowly, revealing a flustered Tony Stark who was very careful to look everywhere but into Bucky's eyes.
“WANDA !” He cried as  he entered her bedroom and started pulling his sister out of her bed. They had to run away out of the house, and fast.
“Yes, he'll wake up tomorrow, maybe sooner.” Answered Bruce. He really didn't care about Steve anymore and and made it known with the icy tone he used.
And then Steve remembered it all.
It's Bucky centered, and I don't remember Steve being there at all. However Tony makes an apparition.
Yeah, he shouldn’t go in.
“I'm awful, I, I had to choose, and I hurt him ! I hurt him and I'm still hurting him and I don't know what to do, oh my god I don't know what to do I'm so lost, I thought I was doing the right thing but now Ton-Tony is so broken and I thought he would be alright, I thought he didn't really love me, I tho-” Steve's voice died in his throat, and for several seconds he suffocated over the ball of emotions in his throat.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Clint was pretty confident that the soldier would just obey orders, that all the Asset had been doing since he knew him.
“Wait, Bruce.” Called Tony. And Bruce couldn’t say no to his science bro. Not over a stupid intuition.
Civil War feels. All over again. Be prepared.
During that month, Tony made sure to check on his lover as often as he could. The other side of the bed was cold at night, and his nightmares came back, but the genius noticed how the lights behind Steve's eyes shined brighter than he had ever seen it.
Thor laughed loudly. “Of course I know that brother ! I really wish you two could meet one day. My two little brothers” Thor seemed lost in his own dreams for a few minutes, a soft smile on his lips.
“No you’re not !”
The infirmary was deserted. Not even doctor. No one but a note : “you are expected to leave as soon as you wake up.”
Everyone looked at him for a couple of seconds, surprised, and then act as if everything was normal. However, on Bucky's lips, a faint smile was noticeable.
Natasha smiled. She was so happy that the man took his life in his own hands. She would miss him, but she sure as hell was going to visit as often as she could. She liked Bucky, and had grown to consider him as a friend, or at least a potential one.
The old man elegantly made his way to Tony’s bed in the huge bedroom that was covered in tools, mechanical parts, blueprints, books, and half finished robots. He kneeled beside the bed,  and stopped a second to stare back at the teen, who was watching him with suspiciously shining eyes.
Pepper… She had been a victim of Steve’s mistake.
“But the good new is that we are making progress, and the doctors are confident that Bucky will be able to recover completely !”
“You know, Bruce told us. How you haven't been eating. On purpose. I can't believe you did that to your own boyfriend. Oh well, I guess it has been some time since you two have actually been together, isn't it ? You know what, Cap ?” Clint’s voice broke. “I hate you. I hate you so much. You could have done better. You could have done so much better, if it wasn't for the weak human being you actually are. If Bucky dies, it's all on you.”
“Because I like you almost as much as I like Loki. You and him are so much alike, it is incredible.”
“I am the Winter Soldier, the Asset.” He replied.
Thor frowned.
“No matter where they're from, right ?”
“No no no no ! Don't worry about your bestie, Barnes ! He is fine. He survived too, he is on a mission right now.”
“He said : ready to comply” Translated Natasha.
As soon as his boyfriend left the room, Steve let out a sorrowful sigh. He had wanted to say 'I love you' back. It was at the edge of his mouth, his lips already forming the first word. But he couldn't. He didn't have that right anymore.
“Ok uh, I'm gonna go, got work to be done and all that.”
PS : this chapter could have been named "...No." Really. If any of you can comment all the time a character finishes their sentence or thought by "...No." you get a cookie, and/or to give me an idea that I will consider, either for an OS or something to include  in the story.
A sudden wave of pure fear went through the boy and he ran to his sister’s room as a huge noise, like a whistle, resounded through the garden and towards the house. Before Pietro knew it, an explosion had occurred in his parents’ bedroom.
The genius decided to let himself in and close the door behind him.
“Oh my god Jarvis. I’m a mess. I can’t take this anymore. I want to be free, I’m sick of this, I don’t care about being a genius, or famous, or rich, I just wanna be allowed to live normally !”
“There is a freezer in the left corner, Sergeant Barnes” Said JARVIS.
The Target's expression showed panic and then determination. “No, I will not sit this fight out.   They need as many soldiers as they can. This is the only thing I have left. Don't tell anyone I'm not feeling well.” The Target seemed to see the Asset's hesitation, because he added : “It's an order.”
“Yes, Jarvis ?”
Pietro.
“Get out.” Tony's lower lip was trembling, and his fists were clenched.
Both of the soldier’s arms were heavily cut, blood pouring out of them.
“Bruce, it happened five minutes ago, and Steve is a supersoldier, I told them he could wait for you, who knows his medical file by heart, to get there.” deadpanned Natasha. She was really tired of everyone’s shit.
“Sergeant Barnes ?”
-----------------------
Anyway I love you and OH i almost forgot ! I had my Drama bac this morning (I'm in France so that was a few hours ago already) and I think I did alright ! You know why ? Coz when I woke up this morning I had nearly ten comments that showed you like/love my story ! And that warms my heart so much (even though some of you showed that by insulting Steve and telling me they don't know how the hell anyone could forgive steve after what he's done) (andshitIwroteforgetinsteadofforgiveandIgotthatterribleideathatwouldmakeyoukillmeifIwroteitbutImightonedayanywaycozImightbealittlesuicidal)
The blond had walked in on them playing mario kart in the common room. They weren't even trying to hide.
I guess you learn things about yourself when you get out of your comfort zone.
/Iron-man ordered. The Asset no longer obeys to Hydra. The Asset is ready to comply to Avengers' orders. The Asset wants to keep us safe./
PS : THERE IS A MUSIC VIDEO TO GO WITH THIS CHAPTER ! PLEASE LISTEN TO IT IT IS NOT POPULAR ENOUGH : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pk22HeEDbuE
“Okay, but just one, and don't tell Cap.”
Bucky took a step back.
The man couldn’t possibly believe Bruce wanted him dead… Right  ?
“You should know though, that there is one flaw with the boy. He doesn’t talk.” Had warned Grant.
And you probably don't care, because it's Steve's chapter, but hey, please, remember. He's not okay. Plus, after chapter 10 you get chapter 11, and chapter 11 contains bucky cuteness and Thor overprotectiveness and uuuh Tasha protecting Tony and uuh yeah other things. Bruce I guess. Don't remember what he does in that chapter, he is quiet for the moment and will have a stronger role later.
“You’re right. Jarvis, call Bruce.” There was a beat of silence. “Bruce, there was an irregularity in Bucky’s heartbeat, you need to come, what if something’s wrong ?” Bucky couldn’t make out the physicist’s reply. “Bruce, please” Pleaded genius, before hanging up moments later.
Steve was laying down, absentmindedly rubbing at his wound. He could feel his hand was wet from the blood probably pouring out, but he couldn’t bring himself to care.
“Are mom and dad-” Asked Wanda. Pietro could hear it in her tone. She already knew.
“Done, sir.”
Pietro was woken up in the middle of the night by a strange noise outside. And there was a light that definitely wasn’t the moon lightening his house. He got up and tried to look outside the window, but the light blinded him. All he could make out was the figure of a man. The man waved at him.
Since he woke up several weeks ago, Bucky had heard a lot of things about the avengers. He knew they were powerful, he knew that Stark and Steve were on the team, and he knew that they were probably going to want to recruit him once he was proved stable.
“Hum.. I don't mean to intrude or anything, but I cooked you something” Said someone behind him. Tony froze.
Suddenly, he felt a small hand that was definitely not his go into his pocket, the pocket where he kept his phone and wallet. When it went out the pocket felt strangely lighter.
"I'm the king of flowers" x) I laughed so hard while writing this.
“I am the Winter Soldier. The Asset” Answered Bucky's voice, but it sounded flat, almost dark.
Bucky just kept staring at him, expression blank. They had made plans in case the Winter Soldier came back ? He felt like he should have been angry, or defensive, but it only made him feel safer, somehow.
“But I’m sleeping” Replied Steve in a monotone voice. He didn’t want to go, but he knew he had to. Bruce never gave up.
“But you know he's not me, right ?” Asked Bucky. He really didn't want to be a sort of substitute.
Tony focused on Bucky's breathing, trying to match it. He hadn't noticed that his breathing had become so erratic. Slowly, he calmed down. And this was a good thing, except that it allowed him to realize just how embarassing this whole thing was.
That’s how Bucky would describe his coma, if he could communicate.
Bucky avoided the god's eyes then.
So did you like it ? I liked writing that part. I missed the Avengers and I couldn't wait to introduce them to the story. Thor and Bruce are coming next chapter, or the one after, don't remember, but cool right ? Bruce will stay in the shadows for some time, but I promise I'm not gonna leave him out of the angst. He will play the main protector of Tony, and the science bro ya know ? XD Yeah Brucie will be awesome. Thor too.
He thought back of the weird policeman, and understood that it was his actions that had led to all of this.
‘Wake up’
‘Black eye, three broken ribs.’ Replied Natasha’s icy voice as Tony kept looking him right in the eye as he started crying before disappearing in the darkness too.
“My mama told me not to talk to strangers. Sir.”
So the young thief was an orphan, then.
After a while of Steve trying to swallow as much pasta as he could, and only succeeding at taking a few bites, the physicist sighed.
“No. But I didn’t tell him that he didn’t have the right to move yet and I’m pretty sure he already got up so now I’m gonna have to put stitches on him.” Bruce made up, before almost running to Steve’s room.
“Hurry.” Pleaded Clint, deciding not to inform them of the situation of the soldiers. Stressing the rest of team would not help them win.
Tony, the Winter Soldier, Natasha and Bruce were all in the infirmary an hour later, watching an unconscious supersoldier. The Winter Soldier was holding one of Steve's wrist, feeling the soldier's pulse.
Two minutes later the redhead informed the team with a bored tone that Captain America was able to fight, and Tony was about to go check on the supersoldier just to be sure, when JARVIS' voice filled his helmet. The AI sounded tense.
Chapter 8's title is : And still, you love him ?
“No. This isn’t real.” He muttered to himself and the other guy, voice trembling. ‘HULK SAVE !’
Bucky still refused to look up. He felt so guilty, Tony's black eyed face and sad eyes refused to leave his mind.
Clint's heart jumped at he noticed the robot's eyes turning red. This was not good.
“Would you like me to inform sir of your presence ?”
“Oh, you're gonna cry ?? Booh fucking hoo. Poor you. What do you think Tony felt ? You abandonned him ! All this because Bucky came back ! You really thought Tony would just be... What ? Fine ? You made him miserable !”
Bucky scratched the back of his head, feeling his cheeks heating.
Steve woke up to Tony's angry yells.
Coulson looking at him like he is the best man in the world. Bucky smiling at him. Hugging him. Kissing him. Tony doing the same thing, calling him dear on accident then denying he ever used a pet name and blushing. Bucky calling him doll and smiling. Smiling. Smiling. Everyone was happy, smiling at him, at each other, at no one in particular.
Thor could already hear Steve, the caretaker of the orphanage, scolding him.
'We can't let Bucky be on his own'
Bruce let out a soft, quiet sob. “How did it come to this, Bucky ?”
--------------------------------------------
There was a silence, then the blond forced himself to add : “What about you ?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“We're busy, Barton. We think we found the source of the robots. If we take it down, we destroy them all.”
When I woke up this morning I had a few reviews to messages where I ranted about the ideas I was starting to get to fix it so both the readers and I are happy. I read them and it didn't change anything : I made a choice too, but I think it's not as bad as Steve's XD
Then why was he so upset ? Why was he wishing Bucky would come back and put that damn ice on his damn black eye ? Why was he longing for that soft voice ?
Steve looked at his skinny hands. They reminded him of his time before the serum.
The kid froze. He was starting to feel afraid now.
In a room not far away from Captain America’s, laid another supersoldier. The dark haired man was as pale as death, but his face looked as peaceful as if he was merely taking a nap.
“Phil ! Phil you need to come right now I need to talk to you” He had urged his fellow caretaker, who had been helping Natasha and Clint to pack their bags as they were being transferred to another orphanage for a reason that hadn’t been communicated to Steve, but the blond suspected that it was because of their tendency to spy on adults.
A first sob escaped the girl’s lips. And then another. Pietro took her hand and led her to a safe place into the woods, somewhere the agressive light couldn’t reach. Then he put an arm around his sister’s shoulders, and she instantly held onto him as if he was the only left that mattered for her.
That's when Bucky had decided to speak up, knowing the inventor was probably going to have a mini heart-attack.
“Doctor Banner is waiting.” Informed the AI before going silent.
He facepalmed at his own stupidity. Seriously, for a genius, he was the dumbest person ever when it came to people.
Tony's self control snapped.
“Right.” He replied silently.
“Bucky, Bucky can you hear us ?” Tony’s voice was trembling with nervousness, and he was talking way too fast.
Steve opened his mouth to talk, but it was too dry, and no sound came out.
It made Steve shiver. Anything relating to coldness, even behaviors, made him feel like he had felt for so many years. Asleep, but not quite. Dead, but only almost. Barely alive. Barely conscious. Just enough to want to scream. Not enough to feel time. Not enough to know if an eternity or a second had passed.
What followed was a total mess.
Don't forget to comment and leave kudos ! I love reading your reviews it warms my heart and helps me corrects my mistakes and grow as a writer ! I love you all ! See you tomorow !
--------------------------------------------
“Deal.” He said, before running to the bandages kept next to Steve’s hospital bed and starting to take care of the supersoldier.
So far from all our dreams
He wasn't good at using his words, and he was afraid of using his body. Tony might react really badly. So Bucky had to suck it up and use his tongue. Not in the dirty way tho. Maybe later, hopefully.
When Tony hung up the phone, he knew this was only the beginning of Pepper's wrath. Someone had hurt him, and she didn't care if it was Captain America. He just hoped she wouldn't tell Rhodey. Rhodey fucking loved Cap, she wouldn't do that to him. Right ?
ALSO PLEASE DO NOT FORGET TO COMMENT, WHAT MOTIVATED ME TO KEEP WRITING CHAP 20 WERE ALL THE KIND AND AMAZING COMMENTS I RECIEVED ON ALL THE PREVIOUS CHAPTERS !!! <3<3<3<3
“That’s what I thought.”
And if he believed Bruce was sincere.
The door opened a few seconds later, and he heard light footsteps heading to the bed, before he felt Natasha's weight on the bed as she sat next to him.
Steve had thought that this guy why as far from adopting as he was from interesting romantically Tony freaking Stark one day.
Anyway, you're all so jealous right now x)) I know right. And he looks like Bucky, it's true, i had noticed it before. Oh and my physic and chemistry teacher is kinda like a skinnier bruce banner, he has the personality too, but more like a dad. My best friend calls him his spiritual dad (and yes, i'm talking about the captain america/deadpool mix of a best friend that I have)
“What ?”
“How do you know about that ?!” He demanded.
It's a curse that Tony could remember every single detail about every thought pacing through his mind once Steve had him pinned down by the hips and began fighting him, beating him in such
"I wish I could be some help, wish I could find you Barnes, help him out, so you could at least have someone in your life you deserve. Not someone who fucks up all the time and nearly destroyed the world because they thought they could maybe do some good." Tony was rambling now, and Steve's heart physically hurt in his chest, listening to Tony discriminating himself like this. That was it, that was enough.
You're such a good boy, Tony. Such a
, that was when he
, I do. I do believe you, I do, honey. I'm just worried you'll eventually not want me. But Tony, I swear to God, if this-if
, because despite what the phone was for, he knew he would probably never call Steve for help. He wasn't even sure if he was waiting for himself or Steve to make the move of calling.
there to help him through his anxiety attacks, his nightmares, and all of his other sleepless nights spent procrastinating in the lab and was there on one certain occasion where Tony nearly drank himself to death. Steve
Sure enough, though it took a little over two months, Tony came out of it alive. He'd recovered from the snap nearly completely, still obviously a little out of it, but nothing life-long. It was what could only be considered a true miracle. And even though Steve told himself for months now Tony would be fine, he was still surprised to see Tony come out of this alright, but of course, he could never be more thankful.
they both were. How thankful they both were to have each other back finally after all these years.
"That's a shameful secret for another day. Just...please, Steve, I'm begging you, please believe me," Tony pleaded softly, slowly wrapping his arms around Steve's waist. "Please, Steve. I tried to tell myself for years you and I were better off broken up and that you were better off without me. That I could try and forget you, eventually I'd get you out of my head, that I'd try and go back to the only other person I know who could fill the gap, maybe, but only to find it turns out she couldn't. I love Pepper more than life itself, but she couldn't fill that gap, Steve. The woman can do anything, but not that, but only because she
"I don't deserve you, Steve." Tony finally breathed out, nuzzling his face gently closer. Steve could only assume that Tony thought he was still asleep. "Coming to bed at four in the fucking morning while you wait for me, God, you deserve better. I'm practically never even
too? If he did, Tony would've never gotten the chance to say what he's been meaning to all this time. What he's been
. One arm was wrapped around Tony's chest, while another hand held one of Tony's legs up on his shoulder. Tony arched his back just a bit to both angle his position and to lean his head back as far as he could into the bed. The next thing he knew, Steve was beginning to push into him in what was an agonizingly slow pace. God, he still felt so fucking
"Listen, sugar, I really missed you too, but you've had to have told me this at least three times by now." Steve scoffed and let out a breathless laugh, giving Tony a playful push on his shoulder, leaning down and giving him another soft kiss on the ear, trailing down towards his neck. He would never stop with the neck, because if there's anything he's learned about Tony, it's that his neck was his biggest weak spot. "Oh yeah, I really missed
is what true happiness is.
." he whimpered, choking on his own breath as he let out a desperate noise that disguised itself as a sob. He swallowed the saliva arising in his throat again, wanting to speak to Steve again, but louder this time. He didn't want to cower away, he could take him.
." Steve held Tony closer than he ever had, guiding him over to the bed so they could sit down. Just like they would all those years ago. Nothing had ever felt more right to have him back like this. In his arms, where Steve felt as if he could keep him safe like this. Tony sniffled, shaking his head and attempting to stop his cries, muffling something under his breath Steve could just barely make out as "'s okay". Steve just held his head, guiding Tony onto his lap so he could face him, so he could talk to him.
what happened to Steve?
good boy.
. The way it stands against your stomach, the little curve and the one vein that leads straight up to the tip, baby, you're so
But no, not today. Definitely another day, he'd make it up to him. But today wasn't that day, today was about showing him his love. "Sorry, honey. I couldn't help myself, you...God, Tony, you're just so pretty. You have such a pretty cock, baby. I know I've told you before, but I'm telling you again, my
, it was the betrayal. The betrayal from
. He would end up always blaming that on himself, but he didn't deserve it. Of course Tony fucking lost it that night. You can only pile so much onto a person before they break. And it wasn't just anything. It wasn't even necessarily the footage of his mother being brutally
Steve wasn't necessarily surprised by Tony coming to the compound, more-so taken back at what he had to say.
Tony remembers laying there after the fact, thinking back in time about a year prior to that very moment to a much simpler time. The atmosphere was welcoming, he was lying there in his bed with Steve by his side. Something about that specific night was special, he still couldn't wrap his finger around why. But Steve was warm, inviting, and the most gorgeous Tony had ever seen him. Steve, and that dumb, precious afterglow smile that was spread across his face. Steve's fingers were running through Tony's hair. The two were cuddled up together, both unwilling to let go of each other. He remembered in that moment some oddly convenient choice of words that he had whispered into the air, but were meant for Steve's ears. They were almost chilling to think about now.
suffer. I could've done better, Steve. I should've saved everyone, and I didn't."
, Steve. And don't think I didn't think incredibly long and hard about this. I know what I have, but I also am fully aware and miss what I don't have." Tony smiled again, lifting his head from Steve's chest, giving him the smallest of kisses just under his chin. "Listen to me, honey, I know what you're thinking. About Pep, listen...Pepper knows. She has known. You know her, she's amazing. She knows me so well, she's known how I felt for so long. She never said it, but I know she's always known. Damn her, I think it's one of real reasons she told me to come back," Tony chuckled to himself, smiling again. Steve looked skeptical, and of course, why wouldn't he be?
“What are you implying, Barnes ?”
“Language, Tony !” Called Bruce, amused.
Steve coughed, trying to sit up, but too weak to actually do it.
So I wanted to tell you that from now on I will announce the next chapter's title in the end notes and I will probably post everyday around the same hour as right nowe, and that (WARNING FROM NOW ON ALL THIS IS A RANT OF PURE SPOILERS) the avengers will show up in chapter 7. I know, it's a long time to wait, but I swear it's worth it, coz, you know, so much angst.
“Because I like you almost as much as I like Loki. You and him are so much alike, it is incredible.”
Bucky smiled, amused.
Steve had been the only person he had had any contacts with in the last two weeks, except for the doctors of course. They said that he seemed to be experiencing flashbacks of his life as the Winter Soldier, and that it was a normal reaction.
“It doesn't take a genius to know you won't, Tony”
“Who's 'me' ?!” Demanded Bucky.
He had felt so betrayed.
Steve’s eyes went from numbness to confusion, to mefiance.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Brother !” Thor cried as he ran to Bucky, falling on his knees next to the soldier and gripping the soldier's shoulders, starting to pull him into a hug.
The might make an appearance later in the story, though. Something like Bucky and Tony's relationship from their point of view, or maybe their uh.. OOPS SPOILER.
Bucky had long since stopped trying to talk, but he always mentally replied to his friends, because that was the closest thing to a conversation he could get. However this time he didn’t feel like replying. The new information about Loki bothered him, yeah, but it was not him who was bothered by this information the most. It was the Winter Soldier, who had been completely silent since the coma.
Half a dozen destroyed punching bags later, he let himself fall on the floor and whimpered.
And I'm gonna keep on loving you
chapter edited (to add more feels from Steve coz everyone apparently hates him and that's not okay)
“I’m planning to bake some cookies with the team, would you like to join us ?”
Steve didn't answer. After a while, Bucky left the room.
“Natasha, you with us ?”
“You did it, didn't you ? You hit Tony.” He asked the blond in a low voice.
“Fuck it.” He mumbled and walked towards the door before knocking four times.
Hot tears burned Steve's cheeks as they rolled on his face.
[The next night]
“Steve. What Happened.” Natasha insisted.
a short extract :
For hours Steve would tell him over and over again that it wasn't him, it wasn't his fault, it was the Winter Soldier's, that no one blamed him for what the Winter Soldier had done – who he had killed - under the orders of Hydra.
“I wish Bucky would go away.”
“Yes I’m okay, just remembering something, it happens” Smiled Steve reassuringly, before remembering that Loki hated the sound of breaking glass and plates. Oh no.
“Nothing's wrong with my arm. What's wrong with your eye ?” Tony's smile fell.
Bucky smiled widely at the mention of the arm, and he moved in front of him, watching the metal move smoothly and silently. Then, he turned to the blond.
“There is no such thing as too many chocolate chips in a cookie, Bruce !”
And Tony flinched.
“Then go away ! Disappear ! Die !”
SPEAKING OF NATASHA !!!! I HAVE AN IMPORTANT INFO FOR ALL THE NATASHA FANS AND ANGST ADDICTS !
“Yes, yes it's me Bucky. Are you.. Yourself ?”
“Steve !! Someone just knocked on the door !”
“Fuck, it's always during the week-ends isn't it ? Do the bad guys have school or something ?” He grumbled as he jumped on the ground. He grabbed his beloved bow, and ran to get suited.
--------------
On a more honest note, it was not to get food. He didn't see the point of eating, these days. He didn't feel hunger, and food had no taste. He ate once a day, but only because he knew his body needed the energy.
He then pulled out his phone and called Stark.
“Yes ?”
“Loki ! I’m so sorry  ! It’s just the sound of a broken plate, you’re here, you’re alright, everything is alright.”
“Which one have I said out loud ?!” He asked, panicked.
Then Steve. /The mission./ No, Steve.
Of course I was only inspired by the vibes ya see ? But it's so great. Please watch it. And the song. The song omg ! Anyway leave a comment under the video, it deserves it.
This felt so, so weird.
Tony breathed slowly. In, and out. Twice.
“I TOLD YOU NOT TO GET CLOSE TO HIM ! I TOLD YOU NOT TO TALK TO HIM ! YOU WILL NOT HURT HIM” Steve kicked him in the ribs. “YOU CANT HURT BUCKY ! HE IS EVERYTHING TO ME”
“NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !”
“Don’t cry” Steve eventually let out. “I’ll let you fix me. But you will not tell anyone”
“Soldier.” Greeted Black Widow.
I'll get better, I swear, but for now, prepare for chapter 8, because this one will be the worst. Like really, you are all going to hate on Steve like you never ever did before, but please, please don't rage quit the story because of what he'll do. It's a really long way until he'll get with Bucky and Tony, and chapter 8 is the reason why this fic is going to last for ages. Because Steve is going to screw things up real, real bad.
PPS : and do not hate on me for Cap's farewell, you don't even know what's gonna happen yet ! x)) Hate one me later, children, when you will have truly suffered x) *drinks tea made of your tears*
My friends wanna kill me. But they can't. coz they need the happy ending.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tony frowned. “Is something wrong with him ?”
Anyway see ya tomorow, I'm sorry about chapter 8 and I'm sorry about Steve having fucked up so badly and I'm sorry the hate on Steve upsetted me a little, it shouldn't have but I'm emotional ^^"
At that moment, a dirty blond kid walked down the stairs with a purple sweatshirt. And Tony Stark was pretty sure it was the one Thor had bought earlier with his money. The kid looked at Thor’s scared face, then at Tony.
Bucky smiled widely at the mention of the arm, and he moved in front of him, watching the metal move smoothly and silently. Then, he turned to the blond.
“TARGET IS DOWN !” He heard someone scream.
“I want this boy.” Had stated Ross.
“Yes.” Steve's voice was hoarse. It sounded like he had spent the day crying. Bucky would have comforted him, had the situation been any different. Now ? Steve deserved it. He would feel better in a few days anyway.
“You're scary.” He stated.
Tony's mind paused for a second. Bucky wanted to protect him from Steve ? No. It was just out of jealousy.
Also, I mostly ate pancakes in the past two days and I am very very stressed out. Meaning my writing may seem different. It's normal, it'll pass. (It'll show more in chap 14)
It was Natasha who found him, hours later, on the roof of the Avengers Tower.
“Why were you there, then ?”
---------------------------------------------------------------------
He took a few pictures, and then left them there, snickering while he walked away quietly.
So, this chapter is very very cool. Like, so cool. I loved writing it. But I might have to publish chapter 12 in two days.. I publish one chapter a day. On the whole profile. So if i publish the first chap of two can keep a secret tomorow, there will not be a chapter 12 for you all. I'm sorry, but I'm at chap 13 on the writing process, so I need to write faster, or have a little more time to write at least chap 14.
This time Bucky screamed for real.
It was Thor who found them.
“Actually, I call him sergeant Barnes” Spoke the AI, making Tony sigh and roll his eyes.
“You have a brother ?”
“Do not think that I am going to forgive him, but this is my business and mine only. The Avengers have nothing to do with this. I don't want to see Steve for a very long time, but we all still work as a team, and Captain America is an Avenger. No one is kicking anyone out."
He headed for the communal floor, lost in thoughts. He had a lot of repairs to do today due to the battle of the day before : Natasha's widow bites, Captain America's body armor, Thor's comms, as always...
The blond startled, brought back to present by a small hand taking his. He looked down to see a pair of worried soft blue eyes. And broken bits of dishes on the floor.
/He is. Mission : protect./
Clint and Bruce sighed.
oh and i might edit the first chapters in a few weeks, I'll tell you when I do it if you want to reread the story.
The most shocking thing he discovered, though, was that Steve had left those bruises. Or well, the other Avengers believed it was Steve. Bucky would investigate by himself later. He didn't really want to confront Steve, because if it wasn't Steve, it would hurt his boyfriend's feeling that Bucky doubted him like that.
A small eternity later, a hand touched his back lightly. “Stevie ? Are you okay ?”
“No witnesses.”
Steve was running his fingers through Bucky's hair, wishing he could comfort Tony too. He saw the look on the inventor's face, and it didn't take a genius to figure out that Tony triggered a flashback about Howard in Bucky's mind, and felt awful now that he knew the truth about his parents' death. What Bucky had said... It was most likely the truth. But it wasn't Bucky. It was the Winter Soldier.
They stayed like this for a long time, just holding onto each other. Steve closed his teary eyes and listened to Bucky's heartbeat. Each beat seemed to sing Bucky's survival. Alive. Alive. Alive. Alive. Alive.
Natasha turned to him and gave him a look. “I speak russian, I don't speak brainwashed supersoldier.” She then faced the soldier. “Is the Target Steve Rogers ?”
(And don't be mad at me I'm just expressing myself and don't feel like im not mad at you all I'm not please don't send hate)
Farewells always hurt like hell, after all.
“ANSWER ME ! WHAT DID MY DAD HAVE THAT MADE HIM SO MUCH BETTER THAN ME IN CAPTAIN AMERICA'S EYES ?!”
“So, what are you planning to do today, Steve ?”
Bucky sat in the living room, watching the Lord of the Rings. He had been really happy to learn that Tolkien's masterpieces had been made into movies. The soldier hadn't seen Steve in the last couple of days, but he was ok with that. It had only been a dozen of days since he woke up, and he wanted to discover things and make friends by himself now. Maybe the other supersoldier had figured that out too.
“Thor do you think he can hear us ?”
“Where are you going ?” Asked Clint, stepping in the elevator too.
“Okay” He repeated.
They just had different feelings about it. Bucky felt pain and guilt. Steve felt protectiveness and anger.
“I am the Winter Soldier. The Asset” Corrected Bucky's voice, but it sounded flat, almost dark.
“Wasn’t Steve supposed to join us ?” She asked the genius softly. It seemed like the subject of the captain was even sorer than usual.
Bucky was going to wake up in a new world, a world that hates him for things he hasn't done and probably won't even remember doing. Bucky was going to need him from the moment he opened his eyes again.
There was a silence as 'Pepper' replied.
“What are you cooking there, brother ? Is it for the man of iron ?” Asked Thor, looking at the vegetables over Bucky's shoulder.
Robots are everywhere. The Avengers are called. They fight. It doesn't go well for Captain "I don't eat" America.
They were managing the flow of evil robots just fine, until the bots' blue eyes turned an aggressive kind of red. Suddenly, the robots became ten times more powerful, making Stark shout warnings over the comms as the rate of fire of the things got faster.
There was a short silence during which Tony just stared at the supersoldier, wary eyes full of unreadable emotions. And then, he slipped the mask back on.
“I was your apple, wasn’t I ?” He murmured.
If you read all that, contragulation, you are now like my friends, able to listen to my infinite rants about everything and nothing at all.
Steve seemed then to finally truly look at him, and to see the damage he's done. His furious expression turned into a horrified one, tears filling his eyes. “I'm sorry” He breathed, and he fled the room, leaving the inventor laying on the floor, covered in forming bruises.
“Go open it ! I’m coming in two minutes !”
Ok so... This is for you, Stucky fans. Enjoy, it won't last because it'll get worse before it gets better.
They call me the angst queen (well one person does)
“Cap isn't feeling okay, could you check on him or something ?”
The supersoldier buried his face in Bucky's hair and fought back tears.
‘I already decided who I am trusting. Clint is nice to the Asset. Doesn’t hurt. Says I do a good job.”
The night was going to be beautiful. It was a shame they weren’t old enough to stay up and watch the stars. Their dad promised them to let them watch once they reached ten years old.
The supersoldier's vision blurred.
“Loki was not himself when those events occured, brother Barton.”
“That’s exactly what he did.” Stated Tony. He didn’t really care though, it wasn’t even a scratch on his bank account. He’d like his phone and wallet back though.
The other had dark eyes full of emotions, and was almost always drawed next to, using, or tinkering on a piece of tech. There were drawings on him, asleep on a couch, or on his desk, surrounded by metal parts, coffee cups, tools and tech cards. There were drawings of him, arms wide open, smiling with charism to an audience. There were other drawings where he smiled more secretly, almost shyly.
A young raven haired boy opened the door and glared at him. He really didn’t look happy with the fact that he had to open the door. However when the boy looked at his face his eyes widened and he called over his shoulder : “Steve ! Tony Stark is at the door !!”
“I can't eat all this.” He protested weakly. He knew he was inferior to them now. He was barely tolerated by Bruce Natasha and Clint, and the others avoided him.
Natasha had wanted to investigate on this and had asked him questions, but he wouldn't answer, he kept his face blank and he didn't even seem to be there with her. She had finally told him : “Mission :  sleep”
The silence that the young Tony Stark had broken came back, heavier this time. His mother’s hands trembled slightly. His father’s eyes darkened.
“Come on, Bucky, don't be scared. They will absolutely love you, trust me.”
“Are you sure of that ?”
“Asset.”
Steve was taking down robot after robot, standing in the middle of the destroyed street.
next chapter will be set months later.
When Bucky came back to himself, he didn't seem that concerned by Steve's state. Not as concerned and panicked as a lover should be. There was some distance, and coldness, behind Barnes' eyes. Natasha wondered if he knew. He probably did.
“I know you won't.”
TRIGGER WARNING !  (SPOILER)
But he was.
“I know. Why do you seem so troubled, Bruce ?”
Suicide attempt. A lot of blood. Self harm. Please do not read if you are easily triggered, and if you get triggered, you can talk to me, I will listen and help you the best I can ^^
It takes some fumbling before he manages to bring the receiver to his ear, only catching the tail end of Pepper’s sentence.
“-this is a good idea.”
a team. Despite the fact that Steve and Sam Wilson have been roaming the globe in search of him for months, Captain America slides back into his position as team leader so easily each time they gather in pursuit of this scepter. They’ve become almost as adept at tracking HYDRA as the Winter Soldier is himself.
Steve crosses his arms over his chest and manages a terse nod, feeling oddly wounded by Clint’s words.  Rationally, he’s aware they’re not a pointed exclusion, but it feels like he’s been barred from everything that matters.
It had taken Bucky a lifetime to break down Steve’s walls, and Tony’s done it in a handful of years.
“I hardly look like I was in bed because I was drunk, Tony.” Steve comments, reaching up to try and smooth his hair back into place. Tony pulls a comb from the inside pocket of his jacket and tries to fix that for him too. Seeing Tony’s look of concentration, Steve tries to bite back a smile but fails.
, Tony thinks. He puts it into his kiss, too frightened to say it aloud. He’s angry with himself for nearly messing this up. He could have had Steve in his own bed tonight, could have laid him out and kissed every inch of him, spent all night long making him fall apart underneath his lips and his hands, felt him inside his body.
He digs into his third Nathan’s hot dog, handing Tony another as well, which the other man takes with disdain.  It doesn’t stop him from eating it.
Steve stands at the threshold, and looks back to the safety of the wine cellar. He could go upstairs, collect his coat, and go home. That would be the smart thing to do.
*******
“No.”
impressive. They’ve even added bums for authenticity.”
“Speaking of reputations…” Steve starts, his and Pepper’s conversation still at the forefront of his mind.  Tony looks at him expectantly.
“You don’t mean that.”  Steve states crisply, apparently thinking it’ll brook no argument if he declares it in Captain mode.  Steve should really know better.
“Sure,” Tony shrugs. “I’m also in need of a star.”
He is so turned on right now, it is wildly embarrassing. Just the thought of Tony stripping Steve of his clothes was enough to make his face heat, but then he had to go and think about both men naked and kissing, and writhing, and thrusting, and—
“You’re ridiculous and adorable.”  He grabs the things from Steve and tosses them back down on the table, not caring that the hardcover tumbles to the floor with a thud.  “Leave it.”
“Steve,” Tony breathes, somehow unprepared for the sight of him looking so perfect in this casual nothing of a moment.   He’s dressed for bed, and these days that means he’s barely dressed at all.  No more oversized grandpa pajama sets; just a pair of low slung pants sitting loose on his slim hips.  Tony rakes his gaze over Steve’s broad shoulders and down his bare chest to his stomach, following the light barely there trail of hair down to the half-untied drawstring of his pants.  It doesn’t seem like he’s wearing anything underneath.
“Not to split hairs, Cap, but I do believe you beat Natasha to the punch by a good eighty years or so, not to mention the nearly twenty years of friendship before that.”
“I learned how, in the war. Never had much need for it before, living in the city, and I guess I don’t have much need for it now.” He shrugs. “I do own a motorcycle.”
Ah, yesterday.  Steve flexes his fingers again, the pain bright and sharp.
“Not a second later.”
Steve smells like rain and tastes like mint, fresh and clean from the shower, still damp enough to feel cool against his skin when Steve bends to press kisses along his neck.  Tony sets down his coffee in order to twine his fingers in Steve’s hair, urging him on.
“And it’s not what I want anymore either.”
He doesn’t want to leave Tony for Bucky, and the thought that maybe he doesn’t have to make a choice is revelatory. To be honest he still hasn’t wrapped his mind around it entirely. It had seemed like such an impossibility but Tony…
?” Steve scoffs. “They're my closest friends – I wanted their opinion.” Tony still stares at him as if he'd admitted to murder. “This was months ago now. And even if they wanted to, why would they ever steal from
Steve tries to pretend he didn’t just have that thought but it doesn’t work.  He knows Pepper and Tony are on the outs, but that doesn’t give him the right to think such things about his friend.  He coughs, shaking himself out of it, and then falls back into the rhythm of Tony’s banter.
“That’s not what I mean.”
had made him nostalgic enough for one night, he’s not sure he can take any more.
“What does he want?”  Natasha looks like she enjoys Fury’s news about as much as Steve does.  She hasn’t been impressed with Stark’s antics of late either.
“Steve Rogers, I think sometimes you were put on ice just so you could wake up now and become my new best friend.”
“Don’t what?”  Tony’s other hand comes to rest on his crossed forearms, and he’s moving closer.
“But I do know one thing for sure.  My father was
“Maybe.”
These days, making plans seems to invite chaos.
“No, I mean, this.”  Steve interrupts, gesturing between them.  “I’m not going back with you.  I can’t.”
else, and have Steve seek him out, right? And even if they
at the moment.”  Pepper rubs her forehead, leaving her bangs in slight disarray.  She’s been holding her briefcase in her other hand and now she lets it drop to the ground, her shoulders sagging.
was easier.”
“Hmmm.” Steve smiles faintly at that, tilting his head to lean on Tony’s shoulder at Tony’s encouragement.
“Steve,” Bucky says softly, and they tumble back onto the couch, Bucky on top of him. Bucky’s body covers his, head to toe, enveloping him in his warmth and his comforting smell. When Bucky had remembered what scent he used to wear,
“Hope you don’t mind getting a few new housemates.” Steve approaches with Sam in tow, the other man looping an arm loosely over Steve’s shoulders and introducing himself to Bruce with a far more genuine smile than that which he’d offered Tony.
“Barnes, Clint, Natasha.  You don’t go anywhere without them these days.”
If they were still just friends, if tonight hadn’t happened, he’d go in.  But things have changed, and entering Steve’s bedroom right now would mean something else.  He’d be going in for different reasons, needing answers to far more difficult questions.
“The Good Lord proclaimed that Steve needed streaming movies, who was I to argue.”
“I think that might need that last ‘A’ on the end if he wants anyone to fill in the blanks correctly.”  Tony might have a point there but Steve doesn’t do anything to acknowledge it.
“Wow, Pep…that’s what you really think?”
Tony walks in first, pulling Steve along gently behind him. The doors slide closed behind them and Tony clicks the gate into place. As he presses his finger to the button for his floor, Steve puts a hand tentatively on his hip.
“I thought you weren’t interested.” Tony starts to look a little self-satisfied, so Steve dashes his hopes quickly.
They come to the elevator and Steve surprisingly reaches around him to push the call button, pressing their bodies close together in the process. Tony finds himself holding his breath, not wanting Steve to back away.
“What you meant was that you’re managing to be productive while I’m wallowing in the fact my best friend is a brainwashed assassin who doesn’t remember me at all yet remembers being in love with Natasha.”  Steve sighs deeply.  “It’s fine.  I know what you all must think of me these days.  I’m thinking it too.”
“He’s a little drunk.” Steve excuses. Across the street, Jan’s door also bounces closed as Nat finally gets her inside. Only the two of them out here now, alone with the cicadas and crickets.
“You don’t even know what I was thinking!” Tony sputters.
Tony glances toward the beach cottages behind him, their ocean-facing sides lifted on wooden pylons. They’re ramshackle huts compared to his home, which is a mere twelve miles up the coastline at Point Dume.
“What was that then, a good-bye fuck or just a token reminder of how good you are, for comparison’s sake?” Steve asks, and lord, Tony had forgotten how Steve’s words could cut like knives when he wanted them to. It’s been awhile since they’ve had a fight but it seems Tony’s just started one.
He looks different in person.  Smaller.
to find out where they took him, I will do it,” He takes a step toward Tony, desperate and pleading.  Hill yanks him back, pins him hard against the door with one hand.  She lets him keep talking though.  “I don’t care about what happens to me.  I don’t care if I wind up a blubbering fool in an insane asylum, or if they have to lock me up forever.  I will die for him.  I will.  Just figure something out.”
“Clearly candle retrieval is a two person operation.”  Tony mutters to himself unhappily.  His gaze moves from Steve to Bucky, obviously cottoned on to what Natasha’s doing.
*******
Sam’s said that to him many times, now, and Steve knows it’s true. But he’s seen Bucky wince and seize with cramps from a phantom limb, seen him punch and break things in frustration, and scream out in anger. He’s seen Bucky when his eyes grow hollow and empty and he’s seen him when he collapses underneath the weight of it all and just needs Steve to pick him up and carry him through until he can stand it again. He’s held Bucky when he cried and stood there and taken it when Bucky needed someone to spew vitriol at just so it would have somewhere to go besides inward.
mentoring someone?” Steve tilts his head toward Tony, then realizes he sounds oddly over-familiar. As far as everyone else is concerned, Tony’s the film’s producer, and Steve’s merely another actor. “Mr. Stark.” He adds, far too belatedly.
“That makes you filthy,” Tony retorts teasingly, but his next words are more serious. “That makes you mine.” He takes Steve’s cock back in his mouth and swallows him down, throat tight around him. Steve loses all touch with reality as Tony works him, using little of his usual finesse to draw it all out. Instead he’s insistent, demanding, pulling an orgasm out of Steve’s tired body with nearly violent exigency.
“Here.”  Is all Steve says, setting the box down and flipping open the lid.  He takes a piece of pizza for himself and pulls up a stool.  Tony stays stock-still, outright staring as Steve folds the slice and pretty much demolishes most of it in a few bites.
“He might’ve mentioned it,” Steve mumbles distractedly as he goes back to skimming the three paragraphs, more of it seeming like idle gossip about a rich playboy with too much time on his hands than actual news.  Since the war ended, it’s like these reporters have forgotten what’s worthy of ink. “What I
Pepper sighs.
“That’s not enough.”
“Hey, did you actually need me for something?”  He asks as they fall into step beside one another.  Tony quirks an eyebrow at him.
, Steve.”
“If you had just talked to him—“
Steve tries to smile and not to squint in the glare as Wanda guides him the length of the forecourt, traversing the new covered walkway that had replaced the rows of palm trees. They move ever so slowly along toward the renovated lobby. He’d asked Jan to be his date for the evening, but Pepper insisted that he and Wanda play the item. The suggestion of so publicly stepping out with Jan before her divorce was final – despite the fact they weren’t romantic in the slightest – had made Pepper’s face go tight enough that Steve has to admit he caved despite his principles.
Tony can’t lie.  He’s going to enjoy the hell out of learning every inch of it, figuring out what makes Steve moan, what makes him beg, what makes him come.
“I could have,” Steve shrugs. “You were too busy waxing poetic about Ingrid Bergman.”
“How was the show?” Tony mumbles into Steve’s shirt, feeling Steve’s whole body stiffen up almost imperceptibly in his hold.
“I thought that this was a business dinner.” Even as Steve says it, he knows that’s an utter lie. The second he’d seen Tony walk into the lobby that evening, the pretense was rendered useless. He’s here because he’s attracted to this man. And Tony, Tony doesn’t really care about Steve being in his movie. It’s all lame excuses made in order to sit across from each other and vaguely flirt while looking their fill.
Even though he's looking down at the city now, he feels dwarfed by its size and power once again.  Just another someone lost in a city full of everyone.
“I didn’t know you and Betty Ross were sweet on each other.” Tony comments and Bruce colors, shoving the photograph into the breast pocket of his rumpled plaid shirt.
Stark pushes away from the table and stands. Leaving the remains of his and Steve’s breakfast for someone else to clean up, he heads for the elevator.  Bucky can hear him direct JARVIS where to go.
“How much do you really want to know?” Steve inquires softly, reaching up to run his hand through Tony’s messy hair. Steve likes it like this, when it’s a bit out of control and long enough to tousle. Tony being anything less than picture-perfect and camera ready has always felt like an exchange of intimacy between them.  This is
isn’t a strong enough word and
alive,” Jan greets him dryly, with the type of attitude Steve only wishes he could muster. Instead, he stands there, silent and staring, as Tony ambles into the room. Tony's gaze drifts over Steve with barely discernible interest, like a man window shopping for something he doesn't really need. Those beautiful brown eyes of his don't have that usual spark, his expression dimmed.
When he realizes the time, Steve is honestly surprised by how caught up in the evening he must have become to let the hours slip past so easily.  He hopes that in his social gracelessness, he didn’t miss any cues that Tony wanted to leave.
Steve glances at the clock again.  It’s already a quarter past ten.
After he starts the projector and switches off the lights, he carefully allows two seats of space between himself and Steve, contenting himself with the fact that they’ll at least be in the same room together for the next 120 minutes.
“Oh shit,” Tony swears, lunging forward to catch her in his arms. He grunts and staggers to support her. Having held her up himself, Steve knows she’s light, but she’s also soused and her body is dead weight. She’s doing none of the work to remain upright and standing. Jan’s peal of laughter is light and airy, seemingly unaware of the danger she put herself in, and she gazes up at Tony with a dreamy smile. She lifts one finger and taps him on the nose.
“Yeah.  He thinks Pepper’s swell.”  After many years spent on the sidelines himself, Steve’s well acquainted with the look of someone pining.  Happy has had that look as long as Steve’s known him.
“Is ‘yes’ enough for now, and we can work out the particulars later? Because I…” His words drift off as their mouths brush together once, then twice. “Literally all I can think about right now is touching you. I can’t think of anything else.”
He hasn’t been dismissed and every person in the room starts in at once to try and make him stay, but there’s nothing that anyone could say to make him do so.
“She’s also the reason you’ve been –” Tony cuts himself off.  Bucky sighs.
“Man, Barnes, you just never give up, do you?” Tony asks, probably wondering if this game between Bucky and Natasha will ever come to an end.
He attempts to listen in on Rogers’ conversations, sifting for pertinent information, but he is distracted by the deep, warm tone of Rogers’ voice and the shape of his full, pink lips as they wrap around certain words.
that place on a Friday night.”
Bucky places his cigarette back between his lips, ceasing his tirade for a moment to stow the pack in his pocket and then flick open his silver lighter. He does all this so deftly; even though it’s been four years since the war ended, Steve never ceases to be amazed at how well Bucky’s been able to get on with the use of only one good arm. Steve’s got plenty of experience making do with a body that simply doesn’t want to cooperate, but losing a limb entirely is quite a different affair.
“We’re part of the same business,” Steve replies by way of explanation. What he does and what Tony does are really worlds apart, but maybe he can learn something.
“Céline Dion.  He has a sense of humor,” Steve comments and Tony rolls his eyes, pulls Steve closer.
Steve is hot and tight –
,” Tony insists, though even as he says it he realizes he’s not sure he means it.
“I…” Bruce ducks his head sheepishly, sticking his hands in his pockets. “I do have a lot of ideas. More, even, than what I have there.” He nods toward the stack of papers behind Tony.
“Hope eggs are all right.”
Tony stares back at him, his eyes wide and dark in the dim light and his gaze intent.  Half his face is illuminated by the warm glow emanating from inside the house, his chin and jaw line contrasted with a hint of blue from the arc reactor.  It’s strange to see Tony so still, so quiet, and Steve’s never been the target of Tony’s laser-like focus for so long.
“He was asleep so it wasn’t
“Great, I love being Hulk bait.” Tony mutters, nonetheless taking off through one of the broken windows and heading upward.
He feels too large, too threatening, and wonders if Bucky would remember him better – remember him
“My girl, you mean.” Tony shoves the cloth in the back pocket of his denims, the tattered fabric too dirty to help much. There’s still oil smeared black on his thumb. He starts to reach out and wipe it on the sleeve of Rhodey’s leather bomber jacket, but Rhodey knows him too well, backing away quickly. Tony winds up wiping it clean on the front of the already worn white tank underneath his own unbuttoned bowling shirt. “And you’re the one who wrecked her, Rhodes, so maybe you shouldn’t be lecturing
“Fair point.” Tony glances at Steve again, and what a mistake.  That
“Good,” Bucky says, but shifts it out of the way as he takes a seat along the edge of the couch, fitting himself along Steve’s side. “I got somethin’ for ya.”
you agree.  I’ve read the file.”
“No…not exactly.”  Tony makes a
“Hitting the head.  Don’t tell him I told you that, he’d be embarrassed.  Or better yet,
seeing Steve a condition of his cooperation?  It’s completely illogical.”
“Could’ve told me that before I started a new number, you know.”
Pepper stares at him with pity, like she thinks he’s clearly lying to himself.
“You look terrible.”
“Got in around midnight, came straight here.” Tony tucks his head over Steve’s shoulder. His words are close, warm breath on Steve’s skin. There’s a tinge of bourbon there, but it’s faint. He must have had a drink to relax on the plane. Mostly, all Steve can smell is the comforting scent of Tony’s far-too-expensive cologne. “I almost didn’t wake you.”
Tony actually has to reach down and pinch the base of his own cock to keep himself from coming. He groans around Steve and the sensation must be too much to handle even for Steve, because his hips buck upward and his cock slips too far down Tony’s throat. Tony gags as his throat spasms.
“I just…I got swept up.” It’s not a lie.
“I know what the serum can do better than anyone, Buck,” Steve smiles down at him. “And there’s no hurry.”
,” Steve cries out, far too loud, as Tony takes him in hand and strokes him to completion.
He barely holds it together if he thinks about taking Steve in his arms to dance, or the way Steve’s hand felt in his as Steve looked up, wondrous and beautiful, at the Chihuly ceiling in Vegas.  In those moments all he wanted to do was give Steve the world.
It’s like there’s cotton in his ears, but he can still hear someone speaking to him quietly.  Snatches of things get through.  Coney Island gets through.  That’s when he realizes it can’t be Tony, because he and Tony have never been to Coney Island.  Only he and Bucky…
He sets it back down, pointing at Steve with one finger.
“You’re such a joy when hungover, Tony, truly.” Pepper comments, and he can practically hear her rolling her eyes. “After pouring you home last night, I stayed over to make sure you didn’t die in a pool of your own vomit, and then kindly woke you up before you slept away one of the most important days of your career.” Pepper comes to stand near the end of the bed, crossing her arms over her chest. He looks at her, perfectly put together and pressed in a navy skirt and blazer, so bright-eyed and bushy-tailed, and he wants to kill her. “The words you’re looking for are ‘thank you.’ Or perhaps ‘I owe you a raise.’”
“And don’t go thinking the star on mine is for you, Barnes.  It’s Cap’s shield, not that crappy emblem on your lame-ass robot arm.  Your lame-ass robot arm which, by the way, would be ten times more awesome if you let me at it.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know.  He looks like sunshine and smells like apple pie.”
“You want to complain about too much information – my bedroom’s next to Tony’s.  Imagine what I have to put up with.” Clint whines at Sam and Steve’s face colors, blushing furiously.  He didn’t know he and Tony could be
“I won’t make it too hard on you.  Six o’clock?”
“Do you have any plans for your birthday?  It’s only a few days away.” Phil is asking of Steve when Tony comes back to the conversation.  He’d briefly paused to wow the geeky pair of Fitz-Simmons with the astute scientific observations he’d still somehow managed to make while under fire.  Beside Coulson, Agent Ward snorts derisively at the level of swooning currently underway.
“What do you need me for?” Steve manages to get out the question without sounding too eager or too desperate. Tony doesn't need to know how lost and longing he's been for weeks, especially when Tony couldn't be bothered to care then, or, seemingly, now.
“I honestly didn't mean to be insulting. Bucky and Natasha are good at what they do, that's all—I only wanted to help.”
“She won’t be all that concerned,” Tony replies.  It doesn’t hit him at first that Steve might not know.  Steve’s forehead wrinkles in confusion and Tony realizes that Steve hasn’t a clue.  “She’s gone, Steve.”
“That simple, huh.”  Tony chimes in skeptically and Steve starts.  He hadn’t forgotten there were other people in the room, certainly, but it’s like he’d forgotten they could speak.  “Zangief just woke up this morning and was like, ‘Hey, today’s as a good a day as any to turn myself into a super secret spy organization’?  Or, what, he had a hankering for an incredibly uncomfortable interrogation in SHIELD’s super swank prison block?”
“I can’t do that, Stark.”
Tony tilts it toward Steve, giving him a direct whiff; Steve can’t help but perk up, the scent stronger than the smelling salts his ma used to use when the stench of city trash baking in the summer sun got too strong. Steve looks up at Tony, his bloodshot eyes wide, and Tony wiggles his eyebrows at him.
He doesn’t want Steve solely for his body, but still…
Bucky and Natasha sit opposite, stoic and silent but with their knees touching.  Tony smiles, amused; for them that’s the equivalent of a Times Square kiss on V-J Day.
“We stand around here jabbering any longer, we’re not going to have time for anything,” Bucky cuts in curtly, his voice sharp.  Steve laughs a little, the sound of it tinged nervous.  Tony doesn’t miss that Bucky’s tense attitude sets Steve ill at ease.
Captain America.  So that makes me Dennis Hopper and that’s fine because frankly, shoe fits like a glove.” He claps his hands together once and walks in the direction of the car, pausing halfway there to wait for Steve to get with the program.
“I shouldn’t be going around trying to kiss other people’s boyfriends anyway.” Steve sinks all the way to the ground, adjusting so he’s sitting on the hard tile with his legs curled in toward his body.
James Barnes watches through water-streaked glass as Steve kisses Tony back.
“I was told I could find Steve here.”
He captures the attention of Natasha instead.
“It's fine. I'm fine.” Tony pushes back the piano bench with an unintentional screech on the hardwood. “Tonight is a celebration, not a dirge. Let me get changed and I'll treat you to dinner at Le Pavillion.”
“It has been nice getting to see you more these past two weeks, all of us being in the city. Carol and I are headed back to the West Coast soon, though. Next week, maybe.”
The next night is Céline Dion, who is apparently some big time singer from Canada.  She’s got a great voice and puts on a heck of a show.  When he leans over to Tony midway through her first set, ready to tell Tony so, Tony speaks before he does.
Steve’s lunch consists of some questionable bologna on stale bread, because it’s Bucky’s turn to do the shopping and he hasn’t quite gotten around to it yet.
“Oh, uh, yeah, I did.  I think I did?  Honestly, time’s been nothing but a blur this past…whatever it’s been.”  He takes off his work gloves, tosses them aside.  “You…you look better.  In the grand scheme of things.  I mean, you’re not winning Mr. Universe any time soon, but you’re upright and you’re talking, so I think we can go ahead and file it in the plus column.”
business.”  He lifts on tiptoe and leans in, pops a quick kiss to Steve’s mouth, then nods toward the front door.
“What kind of aspect ratio will this give you?”
enough to do it, you mean.  The rest of y'all are losers.”  Darcy comes to sit next to Clint, whacking him on the shoulder and then holding out her hand palm up, making a gimme gimme gesture.  The bright red of her nails matches her bold lipstick. “Fork over the Abe Lincoln, Robin Hood.  Mama needs some Starbucks.”
“Steve.”  She nods at him coolly, pulling her ear buds and tucking them, along with her iPhone, into her carpet bag. “What’s goin’ on, you guys?”
Tony stops just short of kissing him, lips tantalizingly feather light against his as he speaks.
“Captain?”  She asks, and he’s alarmed by how alarmed she sounds.  All of a sudden his stomach is in his throat and he’s heaving all over the floor between his feet, nothing but water and bile.   “Steve?”
“Well, from what it sounds like it seems like maybe you all needed him?” Sam points out. “I’m sorry this last stretch has been so rough, man.” Steve closes his eyes, resting his head back against the top of the seat. Sam is so kind, he thinks idly. It’s too bad he couldn’t have fallen for someone like Sam. It’s too bad Sam doesn’t like men the way that he likes men. But it’s easier for Sam that he doesn’t, so Steve doesn’t wish it too hard.
“It’s spoken.”
“Our floor, J.”
Steve shakes off his touch as they both walk into the hallway, but he doesn’t go far.  He leans back against the wall opposite Tony and slowly slides down until he’s in a crouch, nearly sitting on the floor.  He puts his head in his hands, blonde hair tangled between clenching fingers.
Tony stops, turning to face her with exasperated impatience.
to rile up. I almost can’t help myself.”
“Call the number, we’ll get a meeting on the books.”
He circles back around the bar, gesturing toward the window, in Steve’s general direction.
He looks up at Tony standing in the doorway, the dark circles under his blue eyes giving away the fact that he evidently hadn’t slept as well as Tony had.
might be magic.  I could possibly buy that.”
“Well all
Steve yawns and stretches, shifting in his seat.
“Mr. Rogers, might I use the telephone in your trailer to call Mr. Xavier?”
“Fine.” Natasha tosses the towel onto the messy counter, ridding her hands of him. The rest of the spilt coffee seeps and spreads through the fabric immediately, staining the creamy white to an ugly brown.
Pepper
that moment he and Steve were having just then.
“I came with four fingers in my ass, thinking about you. It was a poor substitute for the real thing.”
“Welcome back, sleepyhead,” Bucky says gently, resisting the urge to reach out and run his hand through Steve’s messy hair.
“I like it fine. It’s fine. It’s better than what we had.”
“Let me know when that happens,” Steve replies, turning back to his set design and picking up his pen. The drawing can probably still be salvaged if he can figure a way to mask that errant mark, erase the newsprint smudges. Behind him, Bucky sighs, but Steve doesn’t look.
“Oh.”  Tony’s heart sinks on Steve’s behalf.
“I want to.  I want to say I’m sorry.”
on Steve he actually was.
“It’s not…” Steve starts, and then hesitates.  He leans against the railing, looking out toward the ocean.  Tony mimics his stance, resting his elbows on the worn wood and bending slightly forward.  “There’s just a lot about you that I don’t know yet.”
“Did Natasha put you up to this?”  Steve asks when he suddenly seems to notice that Tony is, for a change, waiting for him to speak first.
“It's hardly Mankiewicz, Tony.” Jan chimes in, clearly less worried about Tony's feelings.
“Steve, I…” Tony drifts off before finishing the thought, eyes roving over his body before settling back on his face. Other than that, Tony doesn’t move a muscle. For a moment, Steve wonders why Tony’s hesitating when it’s so painfully obvious that Steve’s ready and willing.
Steve’s thighs are trembling and he seems to sway forward; for a moment, Tony thinks Steve’s going to sink down to the floor beside him. But Steve steadies himself, taking his hands from where they’d fallen to grab Tony’s shoulders, and puts them back against the door. Tony stands, his own knees slightly stiff from kneeling. He tucks himself between Steve’s outstretched arms and then takes him by both sides of his collar.
“Of course I said no. I told you, Buck – I don’t plan on seeing him again.”
, you know? When we got together, you and me, we stopped hiding and obfuscating and dicking around with each other’s feelings and I…I can’t go back on that. Not now.”
“It’s called an infinity pond.”
Steve glances back at Tony as if he’s going to say something else, but he only lets his gaze linger for a moment before ducking into the car.
“We’ll figure out something better for next time.” Tony comments, tightening his arm around Steve’s waist as much as he possibly can.  The last thing he wants to do is drop Captain America somewhere over the middle of Kansas.  Steve nods tersely, firmly in assault mode and his mind on the mission alone.
as the compliment it is.”
“Ok, fine. Don’t go that big. You can come up with something, I trust your instincts.”
“We do?”
“What.” Tony quirks an eyebrow at him. “I’m helping.”
“How about this?”
“You don’t know that was Bucky,” Tony retorts, picking up his tumbler of scotch and taking a long sip. He looks at Pepper over the rim, buying some time as he quickly tries to think of a way to let this all drop. “You can’t see my phone from over there.”
“And when Steve called him an  ‘old man’, James replied
Natasha swears in her native tongue and then again in English.
“Tony-“ Steve grabs him by the crook of the elbow, pulling him back.  He does it without thinking and he immediately knows it was the wrong call as he feels Tony tense up underneath his grasp.  For a man as tactile as Tony is, he doesn’t like to be touched, not without permission.   Steve lets go as quickly as he can and holds up his hands in a gesture of surrender.
“Went down to Rivington and guess what, Streit’s is still there. Got some fresh matzo and made some soup special, just like Mrs. Goldberg used to. Down in 4A, remember her?”
Steve dips his head to press a calming kiss to Tony’s temple, pausing to breathe him in.  His scent – coconut and mint organic shampoo and expensive scented body oil and a vague hint of gasoline - is infinitely better than the stench of the stuffy subway station.  Steve considers just continuing to nuzzle his face against Tony’s soft hair until the train finally arrives.
Steve’s seen and done his fair share, but he has always been on the side of right. Being on the other side and the struggle it takes to make it back is one thing Tony gets about Bucky that Steve never really will.
“Except for you.”
“Maybe I should’ve asked why he’s doing a magic show on any night.”
“You need to start training with us on a regular basis if you’re going to be on the team.  Walk-ons are not okay.”
She rolls her eyes at him for doing so, as always.
“You didn’t really want me here though.”  Tony’s needling him to say something mean, and it bothers him in more ways than one.
“Just because he’s on your payroll now, doesn’t mean you can bother him at all hours.” Bucky takes a step half in front of Steve, shielding him from Tony.
“In those two weeks, has he been here once?
“But I wasn’t wrong, was I?” Tony lays it out there, and even if Bucky doesn’t answer, it would still be an answer, so he waits a beat, trying to find the right words that won’t make everything so much worse than it already is.
“It’s nothing. It’s done.” He stumbles toward the bathroom, eager to escape her prying gaze.
“You’ll figure it out,” she snaps at Tony, then turns to Steve.  “I’ll grab you some decent clothes and meet you both downstairs.”
Once his skin is cleaned of come, now only sticky and shining from Tony’s spit, Steve tries to bring Tony up to kiss him properly. Tony demurs, ducking his head to sear a path down Steve’s neck to his sharp collarbone.
“Are you
“It’s good to see you again, Phil,” Steve says, shaking the man’s hand firmly.  Phil’s eyes tick upward nervously, giving Steve one of those awkward smiles that only he can cause.  As ever, it leaves Steve feeling equal parts amused and uncomfortable.
Tony’s cologne is rich and heady, a smell Steve’s become strangely accustomed to over the past week.  It’s a comforting scent, one that now clings to his own clothes after being by Tony’s side all day long.  Tony’s body is warm against his, and Steve wonders if dancing is really supposed to feel this good when it’s for practice.  When it’s with Tony.
“JARVIS, is Steve home now?”
“I used to draw and paint because I was too weak to do anything else.  Now, well…maybe I’m ready for something more physical.”
He pauses, the flash of bare flesh, the curve of Steve’s ass enough to make his pulse start pounding like the first time he ever opened up a Playboy.  It feels just as thrilling and just as wrong.  The way he slams the door shut with too much force only draws attention to the fact that he’d stopped to look.
Taking the risk, Steve stretches his right arm across the couch cushion between them, leaving his palm face up.
care, and Tony ends up using his shirtsleeve as a rag.
“It wasn’t that devious.” Tony states, going to the sink to clean his hands the right way.
“Steven Grant Rogers not willing to share?  I never thought I’d see the day.”
Tony saves him from having to explain by continuing on.
“Cause I stopped enjoying pointless things a long time ago and that thing’s useless.” Tony’s dark features turn darker for a moment, then he smiles, clearing it away.  “At least a pool, other people can use.  Forget the pond, Cap – c’mon, wanna see your room?”
Steven Grant Rogers, otherwise known as Captain America. Recently in the public eye due to his involvement in the Battle of New York. Team leader of the Avengers Initiative. He skims the physical stats, the veritable laundry list of enhanced abilities, the known associates, weapons preferences, yet he keeps finding his gaze ticking back upward to the swank Park Avenue address listed under place of residence – for some reason that seems wrong – and the puzzling date of birth that places this new lethal threat at an inexplicable ninety-four years of age.
talked to
While Howard had been taking cushy Hollywood gigs and his factories had been pumping out as many munitions as the metal supply would allow, Tony had been in Tunisia, unwisely trying to do his own part by using his Italian roots to his advantage. Thanks to his mother, he looked the part and could speak the language, and his background in military armaments made him a great candidate to infiltrate the Italian forces posing as a black market arms dealer.
“Thanks for waiting up, Buck, but I…it’s been a long day and I’m really tired.  I think I’m going to go to bed.”
Tony’s still holding his hand.  Steve knows he should let go.  He doesn’t.
As he walks out, Tony pretends not to see Steve smile.  It feels too much like exactly what Tony really wanted.
“Soon as he gets back.”
It’s odd, because as much as Darcy claims to be humiliated, she’s enumerating her perceived failings very plainly without any semblance of embarrassment. Steve isn’t quite sure what to make of her.
“Tony, seriously—”
“I thought perhaps New York had eaten you up. We expected you back
He seems so far away, somehow, and Tony wants to go down there, if only for the sake of being closer.
“So, that was what I walked in on here?” She prompts him softly.  “The cathartic breakfast of champions?”
Tony is a far more rough around the edges, bruised and battered and maybe feeling his age just a little more than he’d care to admit.  His muscles ache and his goatee needs trimming and even Extremis seems to be running sluggish.  But the fact that he has enough energy to find Steve’s unkempt appearance remarkably sexy assures him that he’ll be just fine.
He thinks he should be put off by her brash attitude. Instead, even as Jane and Darcy continue to talk about him as if he’s not sitting right there, he finds himself somehow charmed.
,” Steve sighs, wondering if he can possibly explain, or if he even wants to.  But Tony’s showing an interest and knowing Tony even as little as he does, he feels that should be rewarded for the effort with some small show of faith.
“Fine.  You don’t understand me.  So what do you want to know?”
Tony stretches out his legs, knocking his feet against Steve’s ankles.  He gives Steve a weak smile and Steve seems to get it, because he unbends his own long legs and they sit there quietly with their legs touching until the buzzer sounds over twenty minutes later.
He gets Steve on his back, head angled at the corner of the couch, and kneels between Steve’s parted legs like a man in prayer. Steve
since yesterday but he’s not about to argue over a film with anyone that enthusiastic.
Tony wants to kiss him.  Fuck his mouth.
now, the pair, the core of everything. There’s not a
, I can’t—”
“Yeah, but Steve’s in charge and Steve knows what I can do.  I’ll follow his lead.  Tell her, Steve.”
“Could you stop calling me that?”
Their bodies slip and slide smoothly, the squelch of lube slightly audible underneath their heaving breaths and muttered curses.  Steve’s balls seem huge from this angle – huge and full and on display between his spread thighs as his cock pushes into Bucky again and again. Bucky’s body, though willing, still strains to accommodate that impressive girth, his slick hole stretched obscenely around it. Steve’s hips snap up, driving hard enough to bounce the mattress, and Bucky clenches around his cock. He forces a loud moan from Steve that practically reverberates through Tony’s body.
Steve runs a hand through his sweat-drenched hair and glances down at the floor.  His cheeks are surprisingly flushed.  Tony wonders exactly how hard and how long a man enhanced with super serum has to work out before he sweats like this.  Steve’s white t-shirt clings to his chest, droplets of perspiration clinging to his biceps and dripping from his face.
are, but they do have a point.  “So we’re already off to a far better start.”
“Go to sleep, Rogers,” she cuts him off, her body nestling closer to his.  Such a short time ago he would’ve been hard pressed to believe he’d be holding a woman like Natasha in his arms, much less doing so and not feeling anything but comfortable, but that’s how it is.
“Oh, you were not,” Tony rolls his eyes even though Bucky can’t see him.
“Thanks for the lesson in splitting hairs,” Bucky snorts, rolling his eyes. There’s blood welling up from the cut he made in the pad of his finger, a perfectly round drop growing slowly bigger even as he looks at it. He wipes it on the edge of his black t-shirt before it can break form and streak across his palm.
Steve shifts, pushing up to sit, and Bucky catches sight of the Iron Man plushie that’s tucked against his side.
thing.
His unease must be written all over his face.
, even though he'd much rather not. It verges on disdain, but not quite. Even disdain would require more effort than Tony was willing to give.
The scowls that Tony, Sam and Clint all throw Thor’s way would be amusing if Steve didn’t know they are on his behalf.  They can’t keep trying to protect him from this.
Fury and Sam exchange a weighted look that Steve doesn’t miss but chooses not to comment upon. Steve knows it’s about him—they’re anything but subtle—and he knows he’s not acting like himself, but he can’t bring himself to care.
“What exactly is going on?” Steve whispers, trying to ignore how it feels when his lips brush Tony’s ear.
, and the thought that Steve’s so at home here leaves Tony slightly breathless with wonder.
Namely that Tony Stark wasn’t waiting for him the last time around.  Tony is leaning lazily against the side of a sleek black town car.  Steve’s heart lifts a little, hopeful, until he gets close enough to read the closed expression on Tony’s face, eyes hidden by dark purple shades.  The gold frames glint in the late afternoon sunlight.
“I doubt you’ve been getting enough sleep, you never do.”
“Excuse me?”
the wall.” Tony says, watching Rhodey squirm. He may be in a wretched mood, but he’s not above torturing his best friend with more details than he ever did and ever would ask for. Rhodey had been the one to pressure him to talk about this, so it really is his just desserts.
“Soulé likes me, he can give us the back room.” Tony tosses back over his shoulder as he darts across the foyer toward the grand staircase leading up to his private quarters.
He wants Steve so badly that he’s tempted to pretend that doesn’t matter.
Steve knows he’s supposed to turn Tony around, bring him back in so they’re face to face, but his hand’s gone clammy and his fingers slip through Tony’s.  He ends up letting go and Tony stumbles.
Steve meets his icy blue gaze in the mirror and Loki pauses.
That’s dangerous information to have.”
, Tony thinks, bitterly. Like he and Steve were ever really an
It’s his first real smile in weeks, his last one given freely as he looked down on Steve in bed, stunningly gorgeous as he fell into a peaceful slumber.
“Okay, JARVIS, what’ve you got for me?”
Maybe if they had, Bucky would remember him now.
amount of time.”
Steve lies back, head propped up against the pillows but the rest of his body stretching out flat over the expanse of their king size bed. The sprawl makes him seem bigger and broader than Tony remembers him to be. His large hands hold Bucky’s ass, his long, thick fingers grabbing and pressing and groping. Bucky’s pale skin flushes pink underneath Steve’s firm touch.
He isn’t now, and for this, he finds himself immeasurably angry.
“Oh Stevie honey, Stark Industries has season box seats at every sporting venue in the city.  It’s an expense that every big business has – they make great gifts, they’re good spots for a night out on the town with clients, and are excellent places to close deals.  We have our very own permanent suite.”
Jogging in place is idiotic.
“A whole bunch of us were going out tonight, a good-bye, see you later kinda celebration.”
“Some of it’s still around, easy to find.  Special ordered the rest.”  Bucky smiles back at him and for once it hardly seems a strain.  His gaze ticks downward from Steve’s face toward the face of the jack o’ lantern, and his grin tightens slightly.  “Iron Man, huh…Looks good.”
Bucky shrugs, brushing Steve’s words off.
“I found that film to be greatly amusing yet rather silly.  But truly, this Madonna of yours has shape-shifting skills worthy of Asgardian magic.  I laud her gifts.  It is no wonder many of your religions worship her.”
“Bath it is, then.”
“I don’t miss bustin’ my ass like that.” Sam looks down and flexes his fingers like he’s grateful he has piano player’s hands. “Though at least Nick pays us decent here.”
There’s noise behind him as a canister is uncapped and the film loaded, looped and fed through the gate to the uptake.
“- didn’t want that kid around, Stark,” Scott is griping as Steve stops to his right. “I
“Then there’s the tattoo incident of ’04-“
wrong.”
Tony doesn’t watch any of this, but he doesn’t much care. Only the swell of the music over the end credits jars him from his intense concentration on Steve.
rich that bothers Clint now.  He doesn’t know what Clint wants, but he suspects that in his mind, to be appropriately upfront about his wealth, Tony would have to parade around like Tony Curtis as Junior in
As Steve starts to collect his clothes, scattered all over the room from the night before, Tony leans idly in the doorway with his arms crossed over his chest.
“I shoot pictures, Tony.” Bruce shakes his head, already saying no before Tony even lays out an offer. Tony's too excited by the prospect to back off. Bruce may seem shy and retiring, perhaps even verging on slightly grumpy, but they might have more in common than their differing personalities would suggest. Like finds like. There’s a spark there, a promise, something about Bruce Banner that fires up Tony’s curiosity.
gesture with her free hand.
Steve feels a bit like a puppy lagging after his master as they are led through to the restaurant on the top floor. Frequently people look up from the dinner and drinks and nod hello to Tony; a few even get up and stop him to speak for a moment. Steve stands silently as Howard Hughes briefly pays his regards, mentioning something about his days tinkering alongside Tony’s father.
“It’s me.  Bruce fell asleep in the lab last night, he’ll be late.”  Steve announces.  Tony rolls his eyes.
Steve gasps lightly, then pushes back.
“I want to.” Steve assures him, lifting his head and pulling Bucky down to meet him halfway. “Wanted to for so long.” They kiss with renewed fervor, their entire bodies behind it now.
“I’d call him a greedy bastard but who am I kidding, I would have done the same,” Tony comments. He gingerly touches Steve’s abused entrance. He’s staring,
“What do you want.” Steve demands flatly, still locked in horror at the condemning photographs. “I’ll do anything for you not to run these.”
“Yep, totally a dream.”  Tony gasps against Steve’s lips as he backs him through the bedroom doorway.
It was the house of some high-level executive at MGM and the guests had been strictly A-list. Considering he’s not exactly Hollywood glitterati, the invitation clearly meant he’d piqued the interest of
“Tony.  It’s the middle of the night.  You didn’t come over here to inform me that I’d be hopelessly out of my depth in a
“No time.”  He heads toward the garage.  “I can get there faster on my own.  I have a MARK VI here, it’ll have to do.”
“This was actually Thor’s idea, if you can believe it. Jane has been putting her off for ages.”
"Sure we could.  But we could also go to Delmonico's, get a decadent dinner with huge, juicy steaks and the highest of high end scotch, take in a show, maybe go dancing ourselves..."
“I’ve seen how you move in the field, Cap, I really don’t think you need to be told what to do,” Tony says.  Steve opens his mouth to counter that opinion but Tony cuts him off.  “We can take on the waltz next time.  This time out, just do what feels natural.”
“Mr. Rogers, you’re needed back on set!”
“You coming?” Steve jerks his head out the door as he opens it. He and Tony entered his trailer together; they should probably leave it together. Nothing raises a red flag quicker than acting like they have something to hide.
“Steve—”
a blind date if you saw his picture. His picture is what prompted this whole evening, if you recall.”
“Partially.  I have to say carrying a nuke through a wormhole in the sky created by an alien army puts certain things in perspective.  But it didn’t make me want to stop…if anything I needed to keep going; get back some control.  But it wasn’t enough.  The shit with Extremis and the Mandarin was too much for Pepper and because of that, it clearly became too much for me.  When I was able to use Extremis to help repair my heart damage and get rid of the RT, it seemed like the universe giving me a sign to walk away.”
“It’s very…Cubist.” Steve searches for the right spin, wanting Thor to be proud of his efforts.  “Picasso would love it.”
tournament.”
“I still have the photograph,” Jane grins, and then gasps, looking back to where her husband stands in the living room, gesturing wildly as he regales Bucky with some crazy story from his youth. “Maybe Thor
,” Tony presses, and Steve shrugs, still keeping his cheek pressed to Tony’s chest where the arc reactor used to be. Tony always says he can feel the difference there, despite Extremis having repaired that damage, but to Steve his skin has always felt smooth and perfect.
*******
“Eyes up, Steve.”  His smile is soft and genuine, and Steve feels a faint tightening around his heart as Tony holds his gaze unwaveringly.  Their bodies draw closer together, and Steve isn’t sure who moved, him or Tony.  But that hardly seems to matter so he just holds Tony more tightly, palm sliding from Tony’s waist to his lower back.   They’re almost cheek-to-cheek; Tony’s soft, dark hair brushes the side of his face.
“No, I think I specifically asked for you to take all that out and burn it.  Light it up.” He sits back upright, searching his desk for a moment until he locates the fresh box of cigars that his best friend, Rhodey, brought back from his last trip to Cuba. “Just get rid of it, I don’t want to see that shit.”
“2.39:1, maybe more. I’m still kinda workin’ out the kinks.”
“10…9…8…”
Literally falling.
“Oh, yeah, sure, right, this is common courtesy…” Tony growls out, looking like he’s ready to give Fury a go.  Bruce puts a hand against Tony’s chest and tries to steady him, catch his gaze and tell him silently to calm down.
.” Tony hangs up, shaking his head to himself and tossing the phone aside as he flops down across one of the long banks of leather seats along the side of the cabin.
“Doesn’t mean it should be.” He reaches out and hits a button on the laptop and the screen goes black, the sound cuts off. “He’s happy.”
He doesn’t know who this man is with the high-powered sniper rifle, sights focused intently on the center of Tony Stark’s forehead.
“Steve Rogers, you are Brooklyn through and through.  Don’t tell me you’re thinking of defecting.  Tony, is this your Park Avenue crap influence at work?”
(See the end of the chapter for
With the return of this particular tease, Sam makes it clear that he is letting him off the hook. Steve plays along gamely, even though he knows Sam’s just tabling this conversation for a later time.
British, and in Hollywood, as in most of America, that lends him some kind of intrinsic authority.
“With dinner.”
“I have a staff for that kind of thing, Steve. You don’t have to make dinner.”
“I’m fine, Steve,” Tony backs up, waving him off as casually as he can.  “Don’t worry your pretty little head over it.  After talking to Betty, Nat thought she had a lead on the bastards who took you - Thanks, Dummy.”  He pauses in his explanation to take a towel that his robot is insistently nudging him with.  He is pretty gross, sweaty and streaked with oil, so Dummy might have a point.  “So we had a bit of a team field trip.  It wasn’t exactly a walk in the park, you know how these things go.  Most of them got away in the end, Lukin included." He wipes his hands and tosses the rag aside fitfully, angered at the thought of how many escaped the brutal punishment he'd wanted to exact.
Pepper hesitates and Tony stops just outside his and Steve’s room.  He leans against the wall, waiting for Pepper to answer.  She doesn’t.
.”  Tony supplies, turning back to the array of screens he has up on the Holo.
“While Sourpuss here is the most patient person I know—I mean, he’s put up with me for years—” He pats Rhodey on the shoulder, giving him a hearty shake and another wide grin. “— so if you’d waited on him, I think you’d have been waiting forever, Memphis Belle.”
“I resent the implication.” He doesn’t really. It’s probably true enough, although his love life has been remarkably uneventful since he and Pepper decided to keep things professional and friendly rather than romantic. Well, since Pepper decided. Tony had nodded at some point in that conversation, just to make it mutual. “Just once I’d like to see you turn that frown upside down, Miss Potts.”
“Did I argue?”
, Pep.”
Tony sighs, not wanting to get into it, but Pepper is looking at him expectantly and he knows she won’t let this go.
“Here, please take this.” Tony hands Steve one of his business cards. Steve takes it gingerly. “I’m sure you know that I’m getting into the movie business. I’d like you to give me a call, perhaps we can work together on a project.”
, as a means to an end – a mere stop on the way to being a better soldier, becoming a more useful man. It was never meant to define him, and he doesn’t want that kind of attention ever again.
“I was merely wondering-“
But then the light turns on, goes just as quickly off, giving him enough of a glimpse to know that Director Fury has made contact.  His information was on the money; the blond man would lead him right to his mark.
Tony’s knees bump the edge of the mattress as he stops by Steve’s feet.  He wants to touch, reach out and at the very least close a hand around Steve’s ankle, run his palm up Steve’s muscled calf.  He puts a hand against the cool fabric of the comforter instead, noticing for the first time that Steve and Bucky hadn’t even bothered to unmake their bed.
, the first day he’d worn his cologne around the Tower, Steve had nearly cried. He smelled like home, like their old apartment and their shared bed, like cold nights walking home from dance halls with Bucky’s arm slung over his shoulder, and warm summer evenings when that cologne mixed with sweat as he and Bucky tried to cool off on the fire escape. Steve had wanted to bury his face against Bucky’s neck and breathe him in.
“You up for some biometric tests later?  I’m working on a lighter weight alloy for the suit, trying to up the speed, and I’d like to -“
Steve slowly turned, acting as if he had just woken up, startling Tony. He sighed, blindly taking Tony in his arms and snuggling him close.
Tony came out in no less than seven minutes. Steve laid back down nearly exactly how he'd been placed before, shifting a little so it didn't look too unnatural. He shut his eyes as he heard the quiet noise of Tony opening drawers, presumably getting out an old shirt and underwear to come to bed in. He heard Tony sigh, cursing under his breath in self-pity. Tony eventually crept in to the bed, snuggling up against Steve; his leg resting on Steve's hips, arms wrapped around his torso and face resting in his neck, pressing a soft kiss before he felt hot breath creeping up against his neck, which made Steve smile to himself, he couldn't help it. He almost snuggled closer, almost, but didn't want Tony to believe he woke him, so he stayed silent for the moment. Everything was decent, that is until the kisses were followed by the noise of what sounded like soft sobs being choked back.
Anticipation didn't suit Steve well. Especially when it came to Tony.
Between the sounds of Tony muttering curses under his breath, his whines and pleads to go harder, Steve found himself letting go; fucking up into Tony with more passion and love than he could ever remember. Quick to throw an arm around his back, Tony cried out Steve's name as he had finally got what he had wanted, the whimpers of
Maybe if Tony fell asleep he'd sneak away to run him a bath, carry him in and let him rest as he bathed him. That surely sounded amazing, but he'd consider it all later. Right now, all he wanted was to stay. To keep Tony under his arms, protecting him from the world. They'd figure everything out later. But for now, all that existed in this world was this room, and no one could take that away from them. Feeling Steve hug his chest and rub circles into his sides, Tony figured
"I...Steve?" Tony asked, the blond humming in question, breathing in and out of his nose, noticing the smell of oil that still remained despite the shower, and heard the low sound of the arc reactor humming lightly against Tony's chest. "I love you, honey. I don't think I say it enough, or at least not enough to serve how much I do justice, but it's true." Steve smiled to himself and pressed a soft kiss to the top of Tony's head.
"What's the matter, honey? You think you're ready for more?" Steve asked, Tony's head shooting right straight back up, a bright and thankful smile beaming against his lips. He had never been so out of touch with reality and time, yet so aware, if that had even made sense. When he was with Steve, everything made sense, so he'd go with that.
but it's been so long, and they've both been through so much, and he was certain in his mind before this that the moments like these that he loved would never happen again. Though Steve would never admit to it, he was absolutely positive he'd never see Tony like this again; coming undone, holding him close as he begged for Steve to take him, cursing repeatedly under his breath whispering in his ear how
. He just stood there, unable to help himself from crying as the man he loved spat at him how he never wanted to see him again in his
Tony watched the person who saved his life, many other new companions, and even
on Steve's face as he slammed his shield right down into the arc reactor, nearly killing Tony. And if he tries really hard, he can still remember the quick shift of emotion painted across Steve's face not seconds later; realization, panic, and disappoint in himself wrapped up into one hard-to-make-out look.
Steve looked down to see Tony's eyes closed shut, his bottom lip caught in his teeth, and his arms stretched above his head, nodding with a gentle noise slipping out. Tony's eyes came open and he pulled Steve down by the neck for another kiss, a soft laugh escaping Tony's lips against his mouth as he reminded in a sweet (yet sarcastic) voice that he loved and missed him too, but that Steve was telling him quite a bit. Steve bit the area behind Tony's ear, easily causing him to moan, followed by Steve whispered
To blame this all on Tony is unfair.
job of keeping his struggles to himself. He thought about Steve from time to time, in fact, more than he thought he would. He never ever mentioned to anyone, not even Rhodey, how
shitfaced, getting deeper and deeper into his own thoughts. He sat out on the edge of the pane of a large window that had the most beautiful view of New York City. Tony had remembered
"Tony...you don't mean it." Steve sighed. Tony shook his head, grabbing Steve's hand and rubbing the back of his hand with his thumb, smiling up at Steve.
to love her. Their relationship was just...complicated, to say the least. He loved Pepper, but he had fallen
. Because Tony was his home. Not even that, Tony
. It had been far too long
Tony was quick to hook his resting leg around Steve's waist, encouraging to stay exactly where he was. Steve got the gesture and just nodded, leaning down to take Tony in his arms again, pushing further and further inside, Tony nearly choking on the moans he tried to hold back, to which Steve had no choice but to encourage him to let it out.
and Steve would
" Tony whimpered breathlessly, raising his hand and running his fingers up into Steve's hair, giving him a light tug. Steve knew Tony could get a little self-conscious at times in bed. Not that he was necessarily embarrassed or felt uncomfortable, he trusted Steve. It was more-so the intimacy that made him flush. He couldn't help it, but Steve understood, he didn't have to explain himself.
All he was trying to do was
Steve shushed him with a shake of his head in disapproval and a quick nip at his ear. "It's okay, you don't have to blame yourself, Tony. You defeated him, he's gone.
"Don't you dare blame yourself for that. Everything that happened between us was my fault and you know it."
Of course, that's when he realized what he needed to do.
Steve knew he wasn't going to give up this argument any time soon. He wanted to say it was okay, and that saving a larger portion comes with a price, which is unfortunately true, the whole reason why some despite the Avengers; because they can't save everyone. And Steve would be lying if he said it didn't bother him either, certain missions kept him up at night too, unable to sleep because of the guilt. But what bothered Steve about this certain situation was he knew at the center of all this guilt, was Tony's self-hatred and feelings that he could've done better.
"Oh, sweetie. It's okay, I got you, never letting you go." Steve cooed, his hands sliding down to Tony's thighs, slowly spreading them apart and helped Tony up to get on his elbows and knees. Steve asking him for permission once more before slicking up two fingers, holding Tony's ass apart with one hand, the other guiding one finger to his rim, slowly pushing in. Tony sucked in a breath before Steve got closer behind him, whispering soft promises he was okay and moving the one hand away from his rear, the other moving to hold Tony's chest for support. Not even ten seconds in of Steve's first finger pressed all the way in, Tony was begging for more.
Tony angled his hips up to create some friction along his cock, as Steve had abandoned it awhile back accidentally when he lost himself in the moment. Steve's cock sinking into him even further as Tony dropped hints to give him attention between his legs. Steve draws back his now fucked and swollen lips, a string of saliva still disgustingly connecting them together. His pace slows a little inside of Tony, becoming more steady yet still remaining impatient and needy as he takes Tony into his hand and sliding up and down, around the tip, into the slit, tight squeezes up and down his shaft, anything and everything to make Tony groan as he began taking him a little harder again. Tony claws down Steve's back, fingers digging deep in, unable to control himself as he cried out incredibly loud, but as if he even cared more. As if he could even find the mindset to care. All that mattered was Steve.
. Before Siberia, in between the accords situation, they both remembered as the last time. Tony could feel an all-familiar smile curl against his lips, just before Steve dropped his head against his shoulder, giving one final kiss to his neck before resting his head there.
"Get some rest, Tony. You need some rest." Steve shushed him, wrapping him closer in his arms as he laid down with him. "You're so good, baby. We'll talk in the morning, okay?
Steve."
with him.
to say. He could be
Steve couldn't help but kiss him hungrily as he sped up his pace, not knowing what else to do besides prove to Tony that he
He did truly try to keep Steve off his mind. Especially when he came back to Pepper in hopes to rekindle their relationship. Admittedly, whether he even really knew it or not, it was truly to forget about Steve, but he also just wanted to be happy again, and he figured being with Pepper could give him that. Because don't get him wrong, he
Steve, with no doubt, kissed him back, for what was now the first time in
" Steve whispered against his lips, getting caught up in that possessive side of him, leaning forward and capturing soft moans Tony let out with his own mouth. Tony shook his head, dropping it and burying it into the crook between his forearm and his elbow that rested against the bed, perking his ass further up in the air and letting out needy cries, Steve being able to make out the nearly incoherent murmurs of his name. One by one, Steve had eventually been able to get up to four fingers in Tony's ass, trying to be extra cautious as, well, to put it simple, Steve was pretty big. And not only have they not done this is quite the while as the brunette had mentioned earlier, but Tony was
