John smiles at this, a genuine smile, the first one in four months, and if he’s honest with himself, probably longer than that.
“One more thing before we get started,” John says. He retrieves the small piece of red silk from the pocket of his discarded jeans and presses it into Sherlock’s cuffed right hand. He leans over to whisper in Sherlock’s ear. “I’m not going to gag you, but your mouth is about to be very well engaged.”
Sherlock takes a deep breath. “The blue one,” he says, almost defiantly.
Sherlock’s breath hitches as John rubs gently at his wrist for a second, feeling the pulse pounding under his fingertips. He slides his hand slowly up to the back of Sherlock’s neck, slick with sweat, and presses his mouth to Sherlock’s equally damp forehead, tasting the salt he finds there.
“Oh, don’t worry about it, Mrs. Hudson,” John smiles up at her. Sherlock cuts his eyes at him. “You can leave it.”
“What?” Sherlock replies innocently.
John shook his head for a moment, and decided to press his luck. “If I bring you a heart, can I come back to bed?”
“Yep, there it is,” John says, crossing the room and doing exactly what he promised.
He collapses into Daniel’s back, pressing his forehead into the grey cotton, hoping Daniel, if he’s even aware of it, thinks it’s sweat and not tears that seep into the fabric. They are both gasping for breath, and when he opens his eyes, his heart stops because of a split second of a familiar silhouette in the periphery of his vision, one there is barely enough light to see, disappearing around a corner at the end of the hallway.
“Oh, you absolute git,” he breathes, and sighs.
He collapses into his chair now without bothering to remove his coat. His lungs still hurt from gasping in the freezing air. He rubs at his eyes with the heels of his hands and tries not to think about the pair of bicycles he still has to put together tonight after the kids finally get to bed.
John doesn’t get out of the clinic until after 1am. It’s the Friday night after the last day of exams at the local university, so he agreed to a later shift to help with the kids who got a little too drunk (or a lot too drunk) and missed a step somewhere, resulting in a cut or scrape or occasional sprain. He dresses their wounds and doles out paracetamol like candy, then helps them back outside to a hopefully slightly more sober friend and sends them on their way. No lectures; he was a uni student once, too.
“No,” Sherlock gasps, his chest heaving up from the bed in reflex.
“Come back here, yeah?” John’s hand reaches for Sherlock’s and pulls him, shifting down so Sherlock is over him once again. Their kiss is slow, patient, full of honesty and the spark of heat that’s always, always there.
“Well,” Sherlock says, pointing at nothing in particular, “I’ll have you know it is a very inaccurate ashess… ashmess…” His face screws up in concentration.
Sherlock’s eyebrows relax as his eyes widen with interest.
He goes to 221B and sits in his chair until the sun comes up, then crawls onto Sherlock’s bed and sleeps until nightfall.
“I know you are. And you still need to go.” John releases his grip on Sherlock’s shoulders and drops his hands to his lap, folding them together, waiting.
There’s none of the brash, in-your-face confidence of the younger ones who had approached him before. This one is a bit reticent, almost shy.
position in the British government spotted in Baker Street wearing a tie covered with little red-nosed reindeer.”
John slams his mouth into Sherlock’s, determined to keep that attention undivided, as long as he possibly can.
Sherlock stares at him but just for a second because he really is worried about finding a cab and if he misses the train Mycroft will seethe the entire weekend. He slips out.
John is on his stomach, a sheet covering his lower half. His hands are balled into fists under the pillow, his elbows tucked in at his sides, which pushes his shoulder blades up just a bit. The too-smooth, too-white scar tissue catches the only bit of light in the room.
“He did, and it made sense, in some ways, I guess, but I still… I don’t know. I thought if I could see… what happens, just as an observer, then maybe I’d be able to compartmentalize, and learn how to… help him… myself.” John sighs.
, it terrifies him like nothing in the war ever did. And when each crisis is over and Sherlock is safe again, the terror dissolves into relief. For an instant. Then it swirls up, inexorably, into anger.
“No… Sherlock…” Sherlock covers his mouth, and John’s words are swallowed momentarily, but in short order John grips Sherlock’s collarbone and pushes him back. They stare at each other for another second.
One of Sherlock’s eyebrows goes up, ever so slightly.
“Do you have my heart?”
The first time it happens is 53 days after the wedding.
“I know,” John replies with a quiet smile. This was not the easiest thing in the world for Sherlock to acknowledge, much less learn how to say, and John preens a little inside every time it happens out loud. “And I love you.”
Sherlock brought the cooler over to the kitchen table, next to where John was standing, and put it down in front of them. “Why do I want a heart? You’re a doctor, John. It’s the most fascinating muscle in the human body. Who wouldn’t want one?”
“Oh, fuck you,” John mutters, finally closing his eyes and giving over to the sensation. His head falls back when he feels Sherlock’s fist wrap around him once more, working in tandem with this mouth, and John is no longer interested in delaying. He starts thrusting his hips in rhythm with Sherlock’s pulls, and grips the sides of the chair with all his might.
Eventually they truly exhaust themselves, and then someone boils a kettle and then there’s tea and all three of them are settled into the sofa, and John asks Mrs. Hudson where the Elvis Santa actually came from, and Sherlock asks about the felted snowman, and she tells them about her trip to Amsterdam and her sister’s father-in-law’s craft experiments and her grandmother’s collection of ceramics, and her stories are so engaging (and the flat so well-lit) that none of them notice that it’s grown dark outside until John’s stomach growls noisily.
“It was one part water, and one part water.” John says this like it makes complete sense, and Sherlock nods like it does as well. John refills the glass and hands it back. “Slower this time, please.”
* * * * *
His gaze is still locked on John’s, but he’s almost looking through him now, panting, his fist pumping fast and shameless. He’s clearly unaware of the desperate sounds coming from the back of his throat on every exhale, the tears that have formed in his unseeing eyes.
Mycroft stops and stares at it, calculating various balances of probability that the box is there to do him harm. He scans around the flat. Nothing else has been disturbed, and no one without the alarm code would ever be able to get in. Which severely limits the number of people who could have put it there.
He did know that whatever was about to happen to him, he would deserve every minute of, and he vowed to stand there and take it until there was nothing left to take.
She stays at his side, alternating between touching his back and his front, sometimes one side twice in a row just to throw him off, always waiting just until he finds his balance to charge him again.
John points at the violin. “No, with that.” He grins mischievously.
“Anthea,” Sherlock insisted cheerfully.
John studied his newspaper. “Oh, look, a blind item: Man with
John stopped, and squinted. “Huh?” was all he could manage.
John’s voice is low and barely audible. “Why did you let me…” He stops and takes one deep, even breath. “Why. Why did you let me
Sherlock turns and gives him The Face.
“Their what?”
“Good,” John replies, “because I really need to be able to do... this.”
“No.” It’s a whisper. John has enabled the confession, and they’re still here, still entwined, still breathing, each of them vulnerable, but trying desperately to navigate this moment with honesty.
“And the mistletoe.”
“All right?” John asks, and Sherlock nods slowly. “Okay.” John takes a minute to admire the sight before him, sliding a hand along Sherlock’s back, down over his arse and back up, smoothing over the skin bunched between his shoulder blades, then along the back of his neck and into his hair. He smiles as he feels Sherlock brace himself for another yank, but John just pets him, drifting his fingertips along his neck before standing up.
But when he walks in for the thousand and first, he’s carrying a duffel bag.
“Only my face, Sherlock. You cannot look down at my cock. You’re going to watch my face as I come. And you have to maintain eye contact with me, watch my face the whole time, right up until I tell you otherwise, or you’ll be punished the moment I’m finished. Do you understand?”
Sherlock is nearly fully hard at this point, and his cock twitches with every blow Irene lands.
“None of your business,” the Holmeses replied in unison as they buttoned coats and pulled on gloves.
The stiffening of his upper body combined with the motion of his hips prevents him from maintaining any kind of steady contact with the floor, so he twists and spins from the socket holding his wrists, struggling desperately to prevent his weight from hanging only by his hands.
Sherlock puts the tray down on the table, pours his own cup, adds milk and four sugars, and returns to his chair.
Sherlock shakes his head, so slightly. “No. Please, John. Please?” Now he does pull, and John resigns, lets himself be moved off, settling in against Sherlock’s side. John’s hand moves up to cup Sherlock’s cheek, thumbing away a last bit of wetness out of the corner of his eye, then brushing the damp curls from his forehead.
As an afterthought, John also pulls the eye mask from the drawer. “Maybe we should keep your attention from wandering," he says. He slips the mask over Sherlock’s head, centering it over his eyes.
* * * * *
He took his time trudging up the stairs, dreading what was about to happen, mostly because he had no idea what was about to happen.
“Of course.” John gets up and moves to the door. He slides a hand along Sherlock’s cheek, encouraging him to lower his head for a kiss, affectionate and comfortable. He allows himself one brush of his hand through the hair covering Sherlock’s forehead, pushing it back, a gesture he knows Sherlock doesn’t really like but John loves to do it and Sherlock indulges him. He pulls his hand away and the curls fall back in place.
John shrugs. “How hard can it be?”
“I don’t want a lot of fuss,” he says quietly. “Expressions of gratitude…” He waves his hand dismissively.
* * * * *
“Come back. Please. Just… come back.”
Instead, he decides to see just how badly Sherlock wants to deny himself, and starts pumping with his mouth eagerly, pulling Sherlock to the back of his throat before swiftly moving up his length, increasing the suction, then back down again. He doesn’t move his hand in tandem, but he loosens his grip, relinquishing the pressure and any help he may have been inadvertently providing in staving off Sherlock’s orgasm.
… hot,” Sherlock mumbles again, as though actually forming his mouth around the words required too much effort.
me?” Sherlock grabbed the album from John’s hands and stomped over the table toward the bedroom. “I’m not speaking to you until New Year.”
John removes the dildo and its vibrating bullet from the drawer beside the bed. The toy itself is blue silicone in a vague hook shape, with one end that vibrates against the prostate while the other end rests against the perineum. The small but powerful vibrator mechanism slips into a sleeve along the shaft, and John can turn it on and off by pressing a button at the outer end.
“You will sleep upstairs.”
“Honestly, Sherlock,” John says as he pulls himself to his feet, “if you ever tell anyone that you can make me fall asleep by playing a lullaby, I will throw that violin out the window.” Sherlock smiles, a soft chuckle. “You know, maybe I should try playing you to sleep instead.”
So he freezes in front of the weird new staircase, closes his eyes in the dream, and wills himself through the hypnagogic fog until he finally awakens and sits up, in the home he knows is his own.
you. Not like this. I’m so sorry.”
Sherlock looks at the ground. “I wanted to see how you were.”
“I do, and you won’t.” Sherlock reaches a hand to John’s head, cups his jaw, meets his gaze. “I’d never be down here with you if I thought you were capable of hurting me.”
John keeps his grip on Sherlock’s hair as he suddenly stands up, and before Sherlock has time to catch his breath from the devastating kiss, John slides his cock fully into Sherlock’s open mouth.
He hears rather than sees Sherlock enter. He hears the removal of his coat and scarf, the careful hanging of them on the coat rack, the short walk to the desk, the retrieval of the laptop, the settling calmly onto the sofa.
“You fuck off,” John replied into Sherlock’s stomach. “I’m busy.”
not, hesitate or question. His purpose in that moment would be to release Sherlock from any restraints as quickly and safely as possible, immediately check for any physical injury, and assuming there was none, ground Sherlock in whatever way made sense until Sherlock recovered. John’s actions had to be instantaneous, automatic, and controlled.
Mrs. Hudson smiles as she descends the stairs.
“I love it. It’s perfect.” John loves that Sherlock is embarrassed by his own kindnesses. He looks over at him. “So are you, Not So Secret Santa.”
“Push up off your knees for a second,” he says quietly, and as Sherlock lifts up, he slides a small cushioned mat in place underneath. “Okay, back down.” When Sherlock is steady again, John slides his hands down one arm to encircle his wrist. “Let me have this,” he says, and Sherlock shifts his weight to the other side. John brings his wrist back to the grid and cuffs it, the restraint holding his arm back and away from his body at a carefully predetermined angle, designed to cause stress, but not pain. John does the same to the other arm as Sherlock breathes hotly through his teeth, rolling his shoulders, adjusting his hips, futilely trying to find a comfortable position.
Irene looks at John, holding his gaze as she calmly says “On your knees.” For one brief ridiculous instant, John wonders if there’s been some confusion about who is here for what and if maybe he should just follow the command himself out of politeness until they get it all sorted.
John sighed. “Fine. Three months. Can I come back to bed?”
“Welcome,” she says brightly.
“Oh,” John said dismally. “Right. Yeah.”
John lets one hand drift down to rest on Sherlock’s abdomen while he moves around to grip the handle of the plug. “Okay?” he whispers, and Sherlock nods, then grunts as John pulls it free. He wraps the plug in the towel on the bench, then turns the wheel to lower the cage ceiling another few inches.
“Does he have a safeword?”
When John comes downstairs in the middle of the night for a glass of water, Sherlock is curled awkwardly on his chair, his unfocused eyes staring straight ahead.
“And that you’re uncomfortable with parts of it? The pain elements in particular?”
“Yes.”
He holds his left hand against Sherlock’s heaving sternum, and with his right, releases Sherlock’s wrist from the buckle. He cradles it lightly, checking for injury, any unintentional twist or sprain.
“What are you doing up there?”
“The missus loves that place,” the cabbie replies cheerfully.
* * * * *
“Yeah, it’s... not ideal. I keep meaning to call Mrs. Hudson, see if the flat’s still available. I paid her for three months, but...”
“Ah.” John smiles. “I suppose that would have to be sad, then. Beautiful, though.”
“Sherlock.”
“Yes, that’s right, I am in your bed usually.”
Sherlock throws his head back between his arms as his orgasm explodes through him. His hips pump forward in powerful thrusts, his cock spilling out onto the floor in front of him, and there’s a noise caught in the back of his throat as he stops breathing for a second. Eventually his head drops forward as he takes deep, gasping breaths around the gag, and Irene leaves the vibrator pressed into his lower belly for a few more seconds, then pulls it away and switches it off.
He takes a quick shower, pulls on a t-shirt and jeans, and sits on the edge of the bed.
Irene notices John’s questioning look. “That’s how he prepares,” she says as she closes the door and turns the lock. “You may not have noticed it before, he’ll have done it before you joined him. Come sit down.” She places a hand on his back, and he lets her guide him to the sofa.
Then he plays the next seven notes.
“Where are we?” John finally asked, his voice still dry and cracking. He was curled on his side in the backseat of Lestrade’s car, his arms wrapped around his middle, his eyes squeezed shut against the bright and evil sunlight that seemed to be pouring in from every direction.
He knows Sherlock can feel it, the added warmth against already hot skin. The pace of Sherlock’s stuttered respiration matches John’s, but his whines are rising with need, imploring, while John moans with total satisfaction.
He shouldn’t be surprised that Sherlock is equally as able to sense tension in his own body. He takes a deep breath, and makes his second potentially relationship-altering statement of the night.
Sherlock narrows his eyes. “You…?”
* * * * *
He pushes back down, allowing his teeth to barely skim the surface. “Oh, God,” Sherlock yells, and when John glances up he sees Sherlock’s body so rigid it is almost shaking, his chin pointed at the ceiling, and his breath coming in short bursts, like he is trying to hold it and failing.
“Oh, please,” Sherlock says as he twists the doorknob and pushes the door open, “I always know what you’re getting me anyway…”
“Muuum…” Ollie rolls his eyes, embarrassed but secretly touched by his mother’s affection. He squeezes her back, then kisses the top of her head. “It must have been a Christmas gift from my supervisor, though I never would have figured him to be that sentimental. Now, have you got anything in? I’m starving!”
“No more than I’m willing to give...” John jumped in quickly. Sherlock winced, and John shook his head at his error, his eagerness to show contrition. He needed to be quiet, now, and allow Sherlock to make his way through this.
“You’re ruining your Christmas present.”
“I guess all I can do is promise that it will never happen again, and that I will do everything I can to make it up to you. I don’t know how, but I will.”
“Oh, sorry, love, I didn’t see you…” she says automatically, thinking for a moment she has bumped into Sherlock, but when she looks up at the tall man with dark hair and light eyes, it is definitely not Sherlock.
“Happy anniversary,” John whispers, and pulls him back down.
He sees a shadow cross Sherlock’s face, and a wave of regret passes through him. He nods toward their room. “Down here, I mean. Together.” They’ll hash it out in words tomorrow, they both know they can’t skip that part anymore, but it’s been a long night, and it’s enough that they’ve found their way back to this moment already. For now, it’s more than enough.
John’s anger is palpable but quiet, evident in the slow, even cadence of his response. “No, you won’t. Go back downstairs and go to bed. I will see you in the morning.”
“Oh, Christ,” John moans in anticipation. He lets his head fall back to the pillow and closes his eyes, focusing on every point of contact his skin has with the tumble of limbs currently crawling down his body.
“It’s ‘Ase’s Death,’ from Peer Gynt.”
* * * * *
someone, John.”
He stares down at Sherlock for a moment, his eyes burning in the dark, his breath exhaling forcefully through his nose. Sherlock has the nerve not to look remotely apologetic, but instead glares back at John, daring, aggressive, almost
Upstairs, Sherlock stands in the doorway, watching John sleep.
, I just didn’t… remember, I suppose, so I got up to have a drink.” Sherlock lifts his head from the wall and looks at John through wide eyes. “I think,” he whispers loudly, “I might have had more than one.” He gives a serious nod.
The frustration of the day pours out through the kinetic energy of his body, the snap of his hips chasing the warm wetness of Sherlock’s stretched mouth. He matches Sherlock’s stoccato groans with every thrust, feeling the vibrations of Sherlock’s voice box against his cock. At one point he slams forward and holds himself there, just for a second, just long enough to feel Sherlock gag, before pulling back and resuming his rhythm.
John finds that he doesn’t disagree.
“She’s in Bristol.”
Apparently the fight has, in fact, gone out of Sherlock, as he allows John to make quick work removing his jeans and pants. It doesn’t stop Sherlock from glaring at him while one leg is stretched tight towards the corner of the bed, and its ankle secured. When John reaches for his other ankle, he flinches it away. Not kicking, not breaking the rules. He just jerks it out of John’s grasp for a second.
Sherlock was pacing and muttering, lost in an old hardback book, something to do with plumbing systems during the industrial revolution, which he snapped shut decisively when John appeared in the sitting room.
While Sherlock is removing his shoes and jeans, Irene moves past the table to the metal wheel at the side of the cage. She moves a bar underneath it which appears to unlock it, then slowly rotates the wheel. The ceiling of the cage lowers. When it’s at the height she wants, she moves the bar back into the locked position.
He suddenly just wants this to be over.
There is, in fact, soundproofing, among other construction, and some wiring, and a new coat of paint, all of which take about a month.
to sleep in. That was my ESFA team, the year we won the Under-13’s Schools’ Cup.”
“I don’t know what you think you’re playing at, but it’s useless,” John says calmly as Sherlock continues to struggle. Then his voice deepens, and he leans up into Sherlock’s ear. “I always get what I want, do you understand? Always. And the more you fight, the worse it will get for you.”
Sherlock sighs his frustration and drops his feet to the floor. “But it…
There are other purchases, in addition to furniture, and metal grids.
“Yeah. Let’s go not upstairs and see what we can do about that.”
Sherlock’s head back into the pillow, but he doesn’t simply let go, either.
“...and you’re not leaving.”
“John.” He takes Daniel’s hand with his own and roughly pulls him forward. His left hand shoots to the back of Daniel’s neck, and there’s no hesitation as their mouths slot together. Daniel smells of sweat and tastes of rum and John closes his eyes, pouring all his frustration and fear into the hot mouth of this person he met thirty seconds ago. Daniel grunts and takes a small step to close the gap between their bodies, settling his hands at John’s waist.
“Yeah, I doubt you’ll have that pleasure tonight, not with this attitude.” The next time Sherlock shoves back, John takes advantage of the momentum and practically flings him onto the bed, following closely behind. Sherlock lands awkwardly on his hip and tries to keep moving to the other side, but John comes down on top of him, straddling his upper thighs.
John comes down twenty minutes later and gapes at Sherlock, who is calmly sitting at his laptop.
“Let’s go,” Lestrade said, his expression softening a bit as he reached down.
He straightens up and starts to shove against Daniel, withdrawing only slightly before thrusting in again. He feels Daniel try to push him back and then move forward, encouraging longer strokes, but John grips his hips and fucks him short and hard and fast.
John slides from the bed and meets Sherlock at the door, holding the sweater body up against Sherlock’s chest. “I know you don’t usually wear knits, but I thought you might like it, just around the house, when it gets cold…”
“No, you won’t,” John says, grabbing an arm and hoisting him up and maneuvering him around the table toward the bedroom. “You’ll be much more comfortable in bed.”
Finally, slowly, he reaches out one flat hand, and places it in the center of Sherlock’s chest.
“Yeah. Puberty is such bullshit. I lost the cute towhead, and the growth spurt was apocryphal.” John laughed at himself, but Sherlock just kept staring at the photo, at John’s smiling, goofy, innocently wide-open twelve-year-old face.
John pours them each a glass of wine, then continues preparing the salad. “Sherlock, I know this is difficult for you to understand, but from time to time, I like to be on my own, to enjoy some privacy and solitude in my own home.”
“Fuck off,” Sherlock mutters.
Sherlock takes a deep breath, and John’s heart stops, but Sherlock simply says, “Forward.”
Now Sherlock laughs outright. “With what? Is your clarinet around here somewhere?”
“I do love you,” he says simply.
“Don’t,” came the quick, clipped reply.
“Bed!” Sherlock shouts, again. “Yes. Bed is good. You, John, are in my bed, usually.”
“Sunday nights for the next three months.”
“It’s okay,” John says truthfully. “I never mind listening to you play. That one was a bit sad, yeah?”
John starts unfastening Sherlock’s cuffs from the socket. “Yeah, I stayed,” he replies, catching his eye and smiling a little.
Sherlock looks down, clearly having forgotten he was naked. “Oh. Right. That’s probably a good idea.”
And instantly Sherlock froze and fisted the sheets and came back to himself, the look of ecstasy replaced with an almost indistinguishable look of distress. But John saw it for what it was, and slowed his movement, then stopped altogether and pulled himself up.
to do this for him.
.” He giggles, and takes another tiny sip, except he’s still giggling, and he chokes on it.
John was unsure, but tried to comply. He set some rules, threatened ten lashes, which sounded like a reasonable number to him. Sherlock, unsurprisingly, broke the rules.
Sherlock blinks as the possibilities ping around his brain at light speed. He has a theory, but will need more data.
“A pleasure to meet you, Doctor Watson,” Irene smiles warmly. “Why don’t you and I chat a minute before we get started?” She motions toward a leather sofa backed against the far wall opposite the cage, which John hadn’t even seen on his first sweep of the room.
They stand there another long moment.
“I’ve been doing this a long time, Doctor Watson. You get very good at figuring out why people put themselves here. I have clients I see regularly, like clockwork, week in and week out. Some of their lives are upside down, some of them are as happy and content as any one of us can be, and either way they kneel on the floor for me once a week. They need this like air or water. With Sherlock…” She sighs and looks over at her handiwork again. “He was never like that to begin with, and he has you now, doesn’t he?”
“John?”
John’s anger dissipates in an instantaneous rush as the plain truth of Sherlock’s statement sucks the air out of his lungs.
He was sprawled on his stomach in between Sherlock’s legs, completely absorbed in the blowjob he was currently performing. He wondered if Sherlock would be proud of the observational skills he was using just then, cataloging Sherlock’s reactions to the subtle variations in pace and pressure and suction and things he might be doing with his tongue.
The first time it happens is 105 days after the wedding.
“Stop this, right now,” John warns, his voice quietly calm and dead serious.
Prompt was "Little of Your Time" by Maroon 5.
He holds out his hands to take the instrument back.
.” By now John is standing directly in front of him. “You fucking
“No. A patient’s. Obviously I can’t tell you which patient, and you really actually cannot ever tell anyone that I gave it to you, Sherlock, I mean it. But… I thought you might find it interesting.”
Then, reaching up to grip the metal crosshatch of the grid wall angled above his head, John starts fucking Sherlock’s mouth. Properly fucking it, deep and fast and unrelenting.
“You didn’t answer my question. What are you
“Okay. And you can stop looking at me.” John falls to his back again.
“I remember,” John replied.
He can see it because it is giving off a slight purplish glow. He can also hear it buzz.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him. “Where’s my heart?”
He could do this for him, he thinks. He
“Fuck
“Wait!” Sherlock jumps up from the table and first hastily, then delicately, removes the lump from John’s grip. “This one’s important. If it retains its shape after three defrostings and refreezings, I’ll finally have the proof I need to correct that frankly ridiculous article in the British Journal of Science about the cryogenic potential of…”
“The mistletoe can stay, don’t you think?” Sherlock meets John’s gaze, his eyes alight.
For tonight, that’s enough.
John continues the simple, familiar melody, albeit haltingly and a bit off pitch. He’s clearly a beginner, hitting an entirely wrong note now and then, playing eighth notes at the same speed as every other note, running out of bow during some stretches. But he corrects himself when he can and eventually makes it all the way through the song, finishing with a long, clear final D.
“Sherlock…” John reached for Sherlock’s hand and brought it up to place it flat against his chest. He ran his own hand over Sherlock’s arm, then settled it against his wrist, holding Sherlock’s hand in place.
“Ah.” John smiles. “I suppose that would have to be sad, then. Beautiful, though.”
“How about we keep you closest to the toilet tonight,” John says, lifting Sherlock’s legs at the ankles and tucking them in carefully. He pulls the covers up around his shoulders, and strokes his head one more time.
* * * * *
Sherlock didn’t move.
“Oh, nothing. Do what you like with it. I’ve never been able to let it anyway. Only put in some soundproofing, would you?”
Sherlock stares at him, dumbfounded. His hands fall slowly to his sides.
As Sherlock climbs back into his jeans, John wanders over to the door to retrieve his t-shirt, and his curiosity gets the best of him. “So, I have to ask… When she whispered in your ear, and you…” John waves his hand in the general direction of Sherlock’s groin. “What did she say?”
* * * * *
“I don’t think I have any left,” Sherlock whispers.
His theory has crossed the line into balance of probability.
And they giggle.
John glances at the clock. A little after 2AM. He doubts Sherlock had even come to bed.
As John catches his breath, he draws one finger along Sherlock’s strained erection, spreading the fluid along its surface. Sherlock’s muscles have gone almost completely still, save for the rise and fall of his chest, each breath faster than the one before.
Frankly, John doesn’t like it either, but it’s not the queasy discomfort he felt when he was lashing at Sherlock’s skin with a weapon. This was basically punishment by withholding a reward, and that, he could deal with.
“It’s all right, love,” John whispers. He can feel Sherlock’s eyes watering against his skin. “You're all right...”
“Anyway,” John said. He watched Sherlock looking at his picture, and he felt such a surge of love and remorse that he almost got dizzy. He rose from his chair. “I’m gonna make some tea. Did you want some?”
“What consequences?”
“Good afternoon. We’re here for Miss Adler,” Sherlock says.
John is staring at her, stuck on the fact that she just calmly invited him to have a wank in front of her if he needed one, until he realizes he’s supposed to say something. “No,” he tries once, then clears his throat when he hears his voice didn’t work. “I’ll just…” and sits back down awkwardly, then closes his eyes for one deep breath, listening to the sound of Irene’s heels as she crosses the room.
He slept when he felt like sleeping, ate when he felt like eating, and otherwise stared, and wept, and grieved.
me? Are you insane?” He advances toward Sherlock, his voice rising. “You could have just
Sherlock freezes. How does John know he is out here? He was being so stealthy.
“You can, but I would think that would make it worse. We’re getting through an entire minute.”
“Oliver?” she says, aghast.
“Anyone’s in particular?”
He’s momentarily distracted by a piece of plastic mistletoe that has appeared out of nowhere in John’s hand. John holds it up over their heads.
He came so close to losing the man kneeling before him today, for reasons of that man’s hubris and impulsivity, nothing more.
Sherlock scoffed. “Nice try.” He turned to yell down the staircase. “Mrs Hudson!”
In his right hand is a piece of red silk.
That thing about not letting the sun go down on your anger? Fuck that. They fall asleep.
Instead, as John trudges up the stairs, he finds both doors to the flat flung wide open, spilling all the light from every lamp they own into the hallway. He stops at the kitchen door and tries to make sense of what he sees.
* * * * *
The pale skin of Sherlock’s chest and abdomen is splotched with a heated pink, evidence of their earlier activity.
The woman at the door is dressed all in black, from the strapless leather bustier, to the relatively demure silk lace-trimmed boy shorts, to the garters holding up thigh-high silk stockings, to the over-the-knee leather stiletto boots. A black floor-length lingerie robe floats down from her shoulders, covering her arms to the wrists in sheer fabric. She has large dark blue eyes, accentuated by full lashes and a simple thin application of black eyeliner. Her lips and nails are a matching shade of blood red, and her dark hair is pulled back into a slick straight ponytail.
“Hey,” John says quietly, moving now to sink into his chair.
“You called Anthea.”
* * * * *
He steps out again twenty minutes later, savoring the fact that for what he knows will be a very brief amount of time, he is
Then he hears her voice.
John gasps and grits his teeth, then relaxes into the sensation. Sherlock continues to work his cock as he slides a second finger in, moving both hands slowly in a coordinated rhythm.
“Oh, my God,” he breathed.
He waits until his newly confirmed sixth sense kicks in and he knows Sherlock is standing behind him.
“Let’s agree to twenty-four hours,” Sherlock says as he shrugs into a dressing gown, which he always does grudgingly. (He’d be just fine heading back upstairs starkers, but John insisted on not chancing a run-in with Mrs. Hudson. “Oh please, she’d
She continues tracing the crop around his body, landing blows intermittently, without warning, and everywhere from his ankles to the back of his neck. He makes a noise deep in his throat with each one, and he has started to breathe more audibly through his nose, but otherwise doesn’t struggle.
* * * * * *
“Why?”
She lets him back into the flat. It’s not empty, not by any means; the furniture and functional items are still there, but things are missing, the things that establish Sherlock’s presence to a degree of certainty. John stands in the middle of the sitting room and looks around, and Mrs. Hudson looks at him.
John hands it over, then shrugs out of his coat and heads down the hall to their room. He stops short in the doorway.
“No.” He shakes his head just once. “We’re not there yet. Use your mouth in other ways for now.”
He pulls the blindfold from his back pocket and fits it over Sherlock’s eyes.
“Really hard, actually. It’s one of the most difficult orchestral instruments to learn how to play properly.”
“Of course. But your room is still… I mean, the bed’s still there. You don’t want to sleep upstairs?”
“Don’t look, don’t speak, don’t come.”
Sherlock has to work at keeping his eyes open and his breathing even. When John finally breaks their stare and closes his mouth around the shaft once again, Sherlock’s head tips back momentarily and he swallows the moan threatening to escape from his throat.
But then, quite suddenly, time seems to slow down, almost freeze to a stop, like an old film in a broken projector, when, out of the corner of his eye, he sees a piece of red silk fabric float gently toward the floor.
“That,” Sherlock says, raising his torso off the bed, “is literally the only thing that could entice me to move right now.”
She moves back to the wheel and raises the ceiling slowly, his arms extending above his head, then completely straightening, then straining, and finally he groans, clearly back to being aware of his surroundings, as she lifts him from the floor until only the balls of his feet and his toes are touching the ground.
“You’re welcome,” John said simply. He waited a beat, to see if Sherlock would break and offer him a smile or a kiss or a shag over the desk, but none of those things happened, so he went to fill the kettle.
“Exactly. Which means that for the forseeable future, we are going to have to talk our way through stuff. Out with it.”
But John only allows Sherlock a couple of pulls before he puts an end to it with a brusque “That’s enough” as he steps clear of Sherlock’s mouth.
The truth about Sherlock.
There’s a haunting melody, a melancholic progression of notes, filling the space in his head, drawing him in. They’re coming from a violin. He’s moving through a house that’s his but isn’t his, searching out the source, certain he’s found it with every corner he turns, but it seems to drift out ahead of him, always the same distance away, always just in the next room.
“Can I take you to bed, please?” Another kiss. “
He gives Sherlock a moment to get used to it before sliding the vibrator into the sleeve. He pushes the button to turn it on and almost immediately turns it back off, but not before Sherlock’s hips lift off the bed, as much as they can, in response.
“I’m getting a bit uncomfortable in my jeans. Do you know why?” he whispers in a low, even voice. Sherlock whines and inclines his head toward John’s mouth, but John grabs his hair and holds his head straight and still. Sherlock inhales sharply as his neck muscles tighten.
“Sherlock! Dammit!” Adrenaline pumping, John’s military training kicks in as a reflex. He tightens his legs around Sherlock’s middle for leverage and grabs his right wrist with both hands. He lets Sherlock’s left hand claw at his arm until he secures the first cuff. In less than six seconds, the other wrist is similarly secured.
* * * * *
“You’re the best gift I could ever ask for, you know,” Sherlock whispers.
“So you
* * * * *
and John is kind of pleased with himself for spotting it and is then immediately annoyed at himself for being pleased in the face of this carnage of cheer.
“I know,” John replies, cupping Sherlock’s cheek for a moment. “I’ll tell them.” He lets his hand drift down to take Sherlock’s, and stands up. “This sweater
She looks down at the bench, and grins.
The large rectangular room looks at first glance like an oddly unfinished den. The floors are a smooth polished hardwood, though the plaster walls are painted a neutral beige, and there’s a large stained armoire against the wall opposite them. About three feet in front of it is a long, waist-high bench, covered in stretched suede.  Next to the armoire along the wall is a basic small bar sink, with various bottles along its edge and a stack of clean towels underneath. There are several standing lamps throughout the room, providing soft, dim light.
His cock twitches.
Sherlock sighs. “I suppose I deserved it.”
The non-sequitur surprises Sherlock, who momentarily stops his efforts to escape. “What are you talking about?” he asks, trying to catch his breath.
(Also, Sherlock is dressed in black jeans and a skin-tight black t-shirt, which doesn’t happen very often, or ever, really, and John is finding it extraordinarily distracting.)
John rests his head on Sherlock’s stomach while they recover. A few minutes pass in silence, and he wonders if Sherlock has fallen asleep, until he feels Sherlock’s hand thread gently, almost tentatively, through his hair. Fingertips rub slowly at the base of his neck, and something in his chest that had been out of place all night realigns itself, and he closes his eyes.
The full implication of what that meant slammed into him.
* * * * *
“Mrs. Hudson just stopped me in the hall, and I’ve gotten texts from Mycroft, Greg, and Molly. They’re all asking if I’m their Secret Santa.”
He shrugs.
. It’s hard and fast and all at once, shoving down until he feels the head bump the back of his throat, his fist wrapping around to cover the rest of Sherlock’s length, sucking hard as he pulls up, then pushing down again, over and over in a rhythm that’s just a little too fast, a little too harsh.
John sighs with his entire body and goes to put the kettle on.
* * * * *
“Let’s go,” Sherlock intoned as he moved past Mycroft and into the sitting room, in search of wherever he had last flung his Belstaff. He was also wearing a very nice suit, dark blue, remarkable only because of the waistcoat patterned in snowmen wearing scarves of either red or green, and also jingle bell hats.
“I’m starting with your wrists, Sherlock, okay?” For now, John must ignore the lines of saliva falling from Sherlock’s gaping mouth, the cacophony of gasping, wracking coughs as Sherlock tries to catch his breath. He
And he stops one step into the room, stunned into silence by the image before him.
“How long have you been back in London?” he asks, not turning around.
“Harmony, on Oxford Street.”
their anniversary, Sherlock” - and Sherlock petulantly refuses to spend two hours with him in the back of a car on Friday night but agrees to take the first train Saturday morning.
“You went three for three, Sherlock Holmes,” Irene says as she walks back over to him, picking up her crop and sweeping two small items into her palm as she passes the bench. “Now, you are going to pay for it.”
He had asked for the crop.
“You stayed?” Sherlock asks, his voice slightly hoarse.
She drifts the tip around the outside of his chest, then down and across his ribcage, the wand continuing to crackle as it transfers the current to Sherlock’s skin. Occasionally he jerks involuntarily, and Irene allows him to just barely find his footing before starting up again.
After a long moment, they separate, but John’s hand is still on his neck, and he presses their foreheads together.
Prompt: heatwave. (This did NOT go where I was expecting. Also, rated E!)
He can very nearly hear the synapses firing in Sherlock’s brain, playing a thousand chess matches through to the end, testing every scenario, making absolutely sure they will come through it intact.
(It’s really,
fucked up.
Nothing else happens. He goes home.
“It’s not what it looks like…” Sherlock slurs, blinking like he can’t remember where he is just at the moment.
Sherlock can feel the new twist at his wrists and clearly recognizes that his balance is going to be difficult to maintain. He appears to be focusing on breathing as evenly as he can.
John watches him move for a second, and when Sherlock’s pacing turns again to approach the door, he hurls his body at him, slamming him uncomfortably against the bookshelf and catching his wrists behind his back. “You
me. I’m good.”
Quite suddenly, John grabs Sherlock’s wrist and flips toward him, shoving him away so he’s forced to roll onto his back. John throws a leg over Sherlock’s waist and hauls himself up to a sitting position.
Sherlock casts his eyes over the objects on the table, one by one. He says nothing.
“No?” John pulls back, maybe a bit confused, considering what just happened.
John can’t breathe.
Sherlock flounces into motion and begins to pace. He can no longer ignore the not sleeping and the not breathing and the not moving and the heart pounding, because these are not signs of fear, exactly, but signs of
Sherlock hooks his thumbs inside his pyjamas and hitches them down over his erection to the middle of his thighs. He smears John’s saliva over the shaft of his cock, then slides the flat of his palm over the head, adding the pre-ejaculate to the crude lubrication, and starts to slide his fist up and down, slowly at first, then building speed to a steady rhythm. His eyes fall closed.
“I can’t,” Sherlock whispered.
“Don’t look, don’t speak, don’t come,” Sherlock recites.
Sherlock’s eyes had fallen closed, and his hand still rested on John’s chest. “Hmm,” he frowned, then opened his eyes, narrowing them at John. “Actually, I think I fancy a game of Monopoly first.”
With that, John does grip the hair at the back of Sherlock’s head, and twists it around to kiss him, hard, messy, graceless, both of them working at it and groaning into it, neither of them caring about the awkward position.
John stays behind a few minutes after he is technically off the clock, catching up on paperwork, not terribly eager to leave the blissfully air-conditioned office for the oven that 221B has proven to be. When he can find no real or even fabricated reason to stay any longer, he slings his bag over his shoulder and steps out to the sidewalk.
“Oh, fuck.” John sat up and steadied himself, then shoved the car door open. He shifted gingerly to the pavement and looked back at Lestrade, shading his eyes with his hand. “Thanks,” he said, and meant it. “I’m… so sorry.” He meant that too.
John instinctively forms his lips into a kiss, then lifts his own hand to Sherlock’s neck and pulls him tighter into it. He kisses him once, then a second time, holding it there as long as he needs to, tasting the salty skin, smoothing the wild curls at the back of Sherlock’s head. He squeezes his own eyes shut against a rush of emotion he’s not feeling particularly equipped to deal with just at the moment.
“You really are,” John called after him, turning back to his paper. “That might have to go in my blog. ‘Mycroft Holmes not only owns a Christmas tie, but wears it out in public.’”
? Have you been at your herbal soothers again?” Sherlock shrugs out of his coat and turns in place, unable to find a single available surface on which to deposit it.
John gives in to laughter as he steps into the bathroom and peels his sticky clothes from his body. He turns the water on to a temperature just barely above full-blast cold, and steps into the shower.
“What on earth have you done to our flat?” Sherlock demands as he moves around John and tugs his scarf loose.
Sherlock shakes his head. “No. I want the lights off. If that’s okay with you.”
John is so riveted by the image before him that he barely notices when Irene rejoins him on the couch. She sits back, crossing one long leg over the other, and regards Sherlock thoughtfully.
Suddenly, the urge to relent overwhelms John in such a rush he almost feels his chest sink under its weight. Everything that’s happened tonight up until this moment, the fight, the anger, the storming off to his old bedroom, the dominating role he’s been indulging since he came downstairs, it all rushes down and out of him, into the floor, forgotten in an instant.
What the fuck had he done?
On the table are at least eight different open liquor bottles, and four highball glasses, three of them drained of whatever their contents were. There’s also an open and half-empty jar of maraschino cherries, a lime cut haphazardly into bits, a peeled lemon with no sign of the peel anywhere, and a single olive on a toothpick balanced on the mouth of one of the liquor bottles.
“I’m not wanking up there.”
me.” Sherlock tries to jerk his arms free, but John’s lower center of gravity works in his favor, and he has plenty of strength to hold them down.
And dying, a little, on the inside.
He groans as Sherlock’s mouth finds that twitchy line between his abdomen and his thigh. It’s one of his most sensitive areas, which Sherlock is keenly aware of. He feels the very tip of his tongue trail along its length, back and forth, with the barest hint of pressure. John tries to hitch up into the touch, and Sherlock pulls up, out of reach, chuckling.
. More flashes of memory settled into place as he took the phone. He had realized he left it behind halfway through his first pint.
about this. Occasionally, I would like to put some bloody ice cream in our bloody freezer and not have to
He woke up totally disorientated. He wasn’t in his room, except he was, in his old room, but not the room he slept in now, except he was sleeping in it now. It wasn’t dark when he went to sleep and now it was, but it somehow didn’t feel like the middle of the night, though he didn’t know why. He dragged his arm out from under the pillow and opened his eyes just enough to focus on his watch: a little after 9PM.
Sherlock sighs, and hangs his head for a moment, still breathing so hard.
“What is it?”
“No,” John says, stretching out and rolling to his stomach, back into the same position Sherlock always finds him. “I’m fine here.”
is your bloody heart.” He set the blue medical cooler down rather harder than necessary on the desk, then framed it with both hands, a sarcastic presentation, before starting to pull off his coat.
There’s a matching one in 221C. If it’s turned on or off in one location, it turns on or off in the other.
“Look at him, John, and tell me there can’t be beauty in suffering. He’s gorgeous right now, and you know it.”
The heat is immediately stifling, and John tries to figure out whether a sweltering twenty-minute walk back to Baker Street would be better or worse than an even-more-sweltering ten-minute ride on the tube. He opts to walk after deciding to stop at Tesco’s on the way for whatever cold lunch options he can find. As he’s waiting in the queue, he notices one last bag of ice in the cooler and grabs it.
John paused and looked back at him. “Sorry?”
“That’s it, love, that was a minute, we’re all done. Try not to move.” John holds as still as he can, not wanting to so much as breathe, lest one more fraction of sensory input push Sherlock over the edge.
John is not surprised by the woman’s beauty, but he is surprised by the warmth she is exuding. She is smiling at them, her glance bouncing from one to the other, one hand resting on the edge of the door, the other holding a riding crop loosely at her side.
John leaves. He sleeps upstairs, and Sherlock is left alone for the night.
Sherlock’s arms are stretched over his head, angled out slightly from his body, and secured to the grid at his wrists, which are encased in thick fur-lined cuffs. His ankles are similarly cuffed, splayed out and attached to the grid, his legs separated just an inch or two beyond comfortable. The position places a constant strain on his thighs and hip flexors, and somewhat limits the range of motion of his lower torso.
lick up the underside of Sherlock’s cock.
he cannot be bothered to provide a nondescript intersection as the destination.
He stops when John enters, and when he looks up, his blue-grey eyes are shining with need.
She drags the tails of the flogger up one leg and brushes them back and forth over his leaking erection. “What are we going to do about this, Sherlock? I confess I’m not all that inclined to help you abide by the rules. Where’s the fun in that for me?"
John counts fourteen Santa Clauses on various surfaces before he can’t remember if he counted the Elvis one already and gives up. There are seven stockings hung over the fireplace, six snow globes on the mantel (two of them are rotating), and a family of five stuffed polar bears under the table, either standing guard over or preparing to eat the Three Wise Men.
John smears the rest of the lube over the condom and shoves in, falling over Daniel’s back as he goes balls-deep, and of course,
Sherlock. The anger surges back, because he knows it’s a lie.
“What’s this?”
“Go away.”
“Sherlock,” he said quietly. “It’s Friday. It’s time. What is this all about?”
John watches as the shudders slowly dissipate, the compulsive twitching calms. He waits until a full minute passes with no signs of agitation, and only steady, even breathing.
“Where are we even going? It’s a dungeon, right? Are we going to a dungeon?”
Sherlock’s narrowed eyes are burning. “No. It isn’t.”
Sherlock’s face fell. “Oh,
“I want to see… what you need.”
As Sherlock hangs and recovers, Irene matter-of-factly collects a towel from under the sink and wipes the floor clean, dropping the towel at the edge of the bench. She moves to the back of the cage and unlatches a small metal cylinder with carabiner clips on both ends from the wall. Sherlock barely notices as she lowers the cage ceiling and connects one clip of the cylinder directly over his head, then moves both the chains attached to his wrists to the clip hanging from it. She twists the clip back and forth, and John can see now that the cylinder is some kind of rotating socket that spins entirely around, meaning Sherlock will have much less control at his wrists.
“You usually don’t wake up when I use the mute.” Sherlock leans over and brushes John’s mouth with a soft kiss of apology. “I’m sorry,” he whispers, kissing him again before dropping back into his own chair, resting the violin and bow across his lap, and stretching his legs forward.
When he finally reached the landing, he found the door already open. Sherlock was sitting on the couch, one long leg crossed over the other, still wrapped in his coat, his hands pushed into the pockets, staring straight across the room.
“Apparently, you got monumentally drunk with some of your new coworkers, and crashed on one of their floors. Christ, John, you couldn’t even make it to the couch?"
“I was thinking,” John continues, “you know how Mrs. Hudson can never get anyone to rent 221C?”
“What?”
“I should have it tomorrow.”
Sherlock is panting as if he had just come himself. His eyes are glued to John’s even as John collapses at his side, trying to catch his breath.
“Help me upstairs?” John muttered as the car pulled to the kerb.
“Stop lurking outside the door and go downstairs. I told you, I’ll be down for tea.”
“Sherlock, I mean it,” John says as Sherlock starts toward the bedroom. “You can’t just hand them off to Mrs. Hudson. Not this time.”
“Everything on the table could play a part in your session if and when I decide to use it. I don’t think there’s anything here that’s new to you, but please take a look. You may speak if you have a question about how something might be used.”
“Not that much,” John admits. “I imagine he didn’t want to scare me off. He did say that I’m not to interrupt you, and if anything makes me uncomfortable, I can wait upstairs.”
“That’s right. Take off your shirt.”
Sherlock stops in front of John. “That is also a good idea.” He leans down to steal one more kiss, during which John feels Sherlock tuck something into the front pocket of his jeans.
“Sherlock? Is that you?” John thinks he’s speaking at a normal volume, but his voice is only a whisper. “Sherlock?” he tries again, but it’s still a whisper, and the notes are starting to sound strange now, and there’s a staircase in front of him that wasn’t there a second ago, and somewhere in the back of his head he begins to realize he’s dreaming.
Sherlock sits back and lowers his head a moment, a small indication of contrition before he tries again. Maintaining his balance blindfolded and without his hands is difficult, and it takes a moment before he shuffles his way to the right position. Using his nose to open the gap in John’s boxers, he reaches in with his lips and tongue and makes several fruitless attempts to somehow hook John’s cock and pull it out. When that doesn’t work, he finds his way to the lower half of the opening and bites down on one side the fabric there, pulling it around John’s erection until he feels it finally bob free. He follows its hard length with his cheek until he reaches the head, which he surrounds with his mouth and a groan of satisfaction, sucking down to the base and back out again.
* * * * *
Sherlock would assume the worst when he didn’t come home.
“God, that felt good.” John throws an arm over his eyes, fully aware that Sherlock is still looking at him, because John hasn’t told him he can stop.
Sherlock keeps his head down, but smiles just a little bit. “Second chances.”
“A capital idea!” Sherlock shouts. He downs the water and stands up and immediately sits back down again, his arm stretching back along the table, his head lowering alongside it. “I might… just… sleep here, I think.”
He takes a moment to savor the tight, unprepared heat, as well as the quiet but unmistakable groan that he has finally been able to wring out of Sherlock. He pulls back and slams forward again, and again, until he notices that Sherlock has recovered his ability to stay quiet, and has also started shoving back with nearly equal force to meet him.
First, there was one solid week of regular, ordinary, everyday, heartwrenching grief. He sat in his house, his proper house, where he lived with his now-dead wife, and stared at the wall, and wept. Mrs. Hudson appeared and disappeared like a miracle to set food and tea in front of him.
(John used to hate The Face, before, but now he loves it. Sometimes he lies about not understanding something just to get Sherlock to make The Face. He is only sort of doing it this time. He knows he is babbling. He is really jittery.)
Irene raises the end of the crop to Sherlock’s throat and drags it back and forth across his collarbone, then down to one nipple. She circles it twice, then whips the leather tongue down on it with some force. She moves the crop so quickly that John hears the impact before he even registers that she’s drawn it back.
At this, Sherlock raises his head to glance at her. Almost instantly, with a flick of her wrist, Irene connects the tongue of the riding crop with the middle of Sherlock’s back. He grunts and immediately lowers his head again. She begins to move in a close, slow circle around him.
John clears his throat and leans forward. His voice is low, barely above a whisper. “I need to make sure we’re on the same page right now. This is what you want, right?”
The truth about his wife, about her death, and who was responsible for it.
Irene puts a hand on his knee for a moment, bringing his attention back. “John. Sherlock told me that you’ve recently started trying some of this, is that right?”
John is forced to break the kiss in order to gasp in a breath.
Irene seems satisfied. “All right then. Turn around, take off the rest of your clothes, right where you’re standing, and wait.”
“It’s okay if you are,” Sherlock says, without even bothering to pretend he means it.
“He does,” John says. “But I’m not sure I’m up there with air or water.”
The third week, a bourbon and water. He downs it quicker than he intends and gets the same again. As he brings the fresh drink to his mouth, his eyes fix on the figure approaching him.
Irene looks at him for another long moment, then moves back to John and offers him her hand. “You’ll be fine. In fact, I think you both will be.”
The anxiety and tension, the worry and the frustration, John feels all of it drain out of him as Sherlock starts moving, slowly at first, then gradually increasing the pace. There’s room for nothing but sheer need, his desire for this man above him suffusing every cell in his body. He pushes down to meet each of Sherlock’s thrusts and lets himself get lost in it, just for now. His hand reaches for his cock but Sherlock slaps it away and begins to move his own hand up and down in rough uneven jerks but John doesn’t care, it’s enough, it’s enough, it’s too much and he fists the sheets and throws his head back and comes over his stomach with a long, low groan.
Sherlock bounded up the stairs a few hours later, then stopped in the doorway, almost offended. “There’s no tea? I’m starving.”
Sherlock turns his palms up and raises his hands in a gesture of mock surrender. “Just… try drawing the bow across some strings and we’ll see what happens.”
He tries, he always tries, not to get annoyed with the patients, who are usually reasonable and polite and at most a little anxious about what their aches and pains mean.
“Sherlock,” John sighed. “You can’t just… Look, this is new for us. We’ve only been at it, what, a week?”
As Sherlock continues to breathe into his arm, his eyes shut tight, Irene returns the flogger to the table and picks up what looks to John to be a smaller, cordless version of a vibrating massager. She pushes it against a nipple, then switches it on.
He’d stopped his silent protest against his brother before the Christmas holidays, after the Slytherin cornered him and demanded to know what he’d done to anger the younger Holmes.
“Oi!”
He clenched his fists and took another breath before replying. “It’s Sherlock, it’s always Sherlock. He’s starving himself or something now, and god help me I'm worried about him. A-And its nothing new, I’ve always got nightmares, my mum usually but-“ He coughed, clearing his throat, trying desperately to continue. ”But now they’ve changed…”
The walk through the hall wasn’t the most pleasant. Usually people gave him dirty looks, rumours spread fast and considering the fact that he wasn’t the most likable before the Molly Hooper incident, people took them at face value.
“I plan on getting you to a broom for a start. You can use mine for now, until I can nick one from the shed to keep at the spot. We’ll work from there. I at least want you to be able to fly in a straight line by the end of tonight.”
“As you wish, Gregory.”
“No, no you can go ahead.”
“I read that hugging somebody your close to can ease stress. Considering I’m your closest friend, I thought it might help but you don’t have to.”
The room was filled with warm content. The two men were sat in their designated chairs. The television was playing something nonsensical, and neither man was paying attention to it, it could have been The Last Leg or Loose Women, and no effort to change the channel would have arisen.
He was definitely going spineless in regard to Gregory Lestrade.
“What?” Sherlock replied, glancing up, realising he’d been spaced out again, nursing the mug of tea in his hands.
“Generally, at this point we kiss.” He muttered quietly, Rosie was still distracted, and he was so far lost in seafoam green, he didn’t even care who saw.
He caught his eyes, and Sherlock smiled at him, nodding at him. That was what John needed, Sherlock was there, to support him. If it weren’t that his cheeks and ears were red with the cold already he would’ve been blushing.
He was able to ignore the existence of the box; he could keep his feelings a secret and let John keep his and nothing would change. Now John’s feelings were in the open, he was idiotic enough to put them there so why should he keep his own hidden? Was he afraid?
Mycroft managed to catch him, in the crowd of Ravenclaws being brought to the dormitories. He nodded to Victor. “I need to talk to him, I’ll bring him up don’t worry.” He spoke, and Victor nodded back at him continuing to lead the groups, taking his turn to inform them of the history of the paintings.
"I know. I know you're in love with me. I knew before you did."
The doctor walked out of the room they’d had him in, with a sling on his arm and a relatively annoyed look on his face.
He knew he shouldn’t. He knew. But still with careful fingers he opened the envelope with the broken wax seal, and pulled out the letter within it, reading over it with a cautionary stare.
Other than Greg, his connection to his muggle side was gone.
“You are a doctor.”
“Sort of the opposite?”
He noticed the ginger boy and offered him a sheepish grin. “Alright?” He called over to Mycroft who was staring at him in confusion.
“Been in the wars have you?” The cab driver asked a grin of his face, and Sherlock could barely contain a laugh as John glowered.
“Okay maybe I did! What the hell is it to you!?”
“Chinese?” He asked, tempted to giggle at their one-word language, they seemed to speak in lectures or quips, with no happy medium, but it was convenient at the best of times. If either of them had the patience they could probably learn Morse code, and then talking wouldn’t be necessary.
He couldn’t see it, but Mycroft knew there was an eyeroll. “He’s in there to take
Greg managed to drag him outside to study, insisting he’d die from the heat if he chose to study indoors, so he sat in the shade of a rather large tree by the lake. Mycroft had a book in his lap, furiously taking down notes as he read over the words. Greg was lying lazily at his side, not too far away, just outside the shadow that the branches cast overhead.
He downed the champagne in his glass. "Can we leave now?"
John gave him a sheepish smile as he handed it to him, crossing his legs as he sat down in front of him. “It’s the thought that counts, right?” He laughed lightly but Sherlock didn’t, he was staring at the gift like John had just handed him Jesus Christ in a box.
I'm sick. and I wanted to write a festive chapter before im completely and utterly sick of the season.
, Anthea, and maybe Sherlock when he wasn’t being an utter prat) dying made him squirm as a sickness threatened to rise in his throat.
Sherlock laughed, glancing up with an eye-roll. “Do I look like that concerns me?”
“You know me, Father, always stealing the spotlight.”
They didn’t live together, despite John tolerating a lot of Sherlock’s annoying habits, eyes in the microwave was something Sherlock knew he wouldn’t like. Considering they saw each other all the time at work, they didn’t feel any need, but one staying over at the others home was no unusual occurrence. At least this way Sherlock had warning to clean out his kitchen appliances when John was coming over. Well his landlady would, same difference.
White noise. “Oh.”
“Piss off.”
He kept checking back into the game, watching it, Dimmock had the ball, in a back and forth with the Hufflepuff chaser, dodging the bludgers with swift skill. He could feel his shoulders slump and his stomach fill with a sickening feeling. He couldn’t do this. Everything felt too fast.
“I didn’t, he wasn’t up yet. Well I suppose they’ll be useful, you can get that little bit closer to the ducks.” He gave a hum in amusement, as his fingers dragged through her hair, weaving the strands into what was a beautiful plait if he did say so himself.
The stares didn’t matter.
“What’s it say, Johnny?” She asked him as he read it, her head propped up on her hand as she looked at him quizzically.
It wasn’t long before Greg figured it out and they were neck and neck, fighting the urge to sleep. Then the quiet banter of fruitless competition was interrupted by a ginger Slytherin with a look of panic on his face.
John spent the next few hours staring into the mirror, never at his own reflection, always at whatever was behind or next to him.
“Sherlock, I think John can speak just fine.” His father spoke, and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Greg was awake.
“That’s comforting. The children I find are a lot more open minded toward my more unusual habits. I think they find it entertaining that I can tell them what they had for lunch just by looking. The other teachers dislike me, though a suppose it’s because I enjoy pointing out their staffroom affairs, rather than their lunch choices.” He offered a mischievous smirk to John, who leaned forward, smiling in disbelief.
They called John Watson. Nobody seemed to comment on that he was forced to get ready for P.E I the girls changing room.
He wasn’t quite sure what Hogwarts had done to his brother, he didn’t like it much really. Father seemed to dote over the fact that he was Slytherin, Mummy gushed over his good results and shiny Prefect badge.
John glowered at him, a smile hidden under his features.
“Told you he was guilty!” She said, her tone radiating
Sarah’s parents wanted to meet John anyway, it would be stupid to keep him from that.
“God this feels weird.” Greg spoke, as they walked into the great hall, just before they separated into their houses for the first years to be sorted. Mycroft gave him a look, the quirk of the eyebrow questioning. “Think, Myc, we won’t ever get to watch this again.”
“Am I gonna have to relearn how to walk or sommat?”
"About what?"
“And how many did you have?”
ash might stab me for this but I think it's worth it.
It was as if he’d been paralysed, it took him a few moments to even register what had happened, never mind choke out the password through his surprise.
“Faster.”
to walk through that door with an attractive army doctor invalided home. An army doctor called John, no less.
“First years to the dormitory, lights out is in ten minutes.” One of the house prefects, Victor was his name if Sherlock remembered rightly, called out.
Harry had been sober for a few months so she invited him to stay, it was nice to have his sister back, her and Clara happy together again. She even got him a knew rugby jersey for Christmas. Of course, she had a few friends round, who seemed to dote over him for a reason he couldn’t find, cheek pinching, hair ruffling, the whole nine yards. They let him play cards though, after beating them at Jack’, they taught him something knew.
“Oh, hello George.”
Sherlock didn’t reply, but went on into unwrapping the gift, it was clothing, that wasn’t hard to tell, if he had to guess it was a scarf.
It was unlikely anyone would take notice. But Greg was the Gryffindor Seeker, and potential new captain of the quidditch team, he couldn’t ruin his reputation. He knew fully well that those who still obsessed over blood purity were also very against most other minorities as well, and if one of them saw, it wouldn’t take long for it to spread around the castle. Not even Anthea could shut down school rumours.
They stood like that, in silence, for a brief yet oddly enjoyable moment, before Mycroft realised he probably owed a further (and calmer) explanation to his actions.
“But I can’t pay you back. I’m shit at everything, and you’re good at everything.”
John stormed into Sherlock’s tower with a face like thunder, he flopped himself down on the cold stone floor and negated to even wince when his head made a noticeable thud against it.
Mrs Hudson came to John’s rescue before he lost his nerve and snogged Sherlock’s face off. “Sherlock! I brought what you asked!” She called up the ladder.
sleep, knowing for a fact having John at his side helped him immensely when it came to sleeping.
. Sherlock had sat up now to look at him on the floor. “I just- I can’t
“What’s got you in a good mood?”
“Don’t underestimate me, Sherlock. Made that myself, charmed it and all. You like it?”
“Yes of course it does, but I’m afraid I’m not here at the moment, I’m somewhere in Afghanistan being shot at. Gimme a mo’.”
"Already?" Sherlock asked.
She was a third year, pale eyes, dark hair, relatively clever, at least that’s what John said. “Hardly as clever as you though, then again most people aren’t. Better than me I guess is what I mean.”
If Sherlock had it his way, she wouldn’t have been allowed on the same land mass of John, but he wasn’t, and so long as John was content he supposed he’d have to be as well.
“That’s what they think.” He corrected her with as much authority in his voice as he could force. “But no matter how exasperating they may be, Sherlock would never hurt anyone, not purposefully. Rennervate didn’t work, I don’t think he could do something that strong. I don’t think it and what happened to Greg are disconnected either.” She gave him a look of inquiry. “It doesn’t make sense that both these things happened at the same time. They hurt Greg, possibly to distract John, leaving Sherlock without an alibi. It didn’t work so they tried something different.”
John continued to talk as Sherlock made his way about twisting the cube back into the right colour scheme. He was pretty sure that John knew he wasn’t listening, he’d be just as well off talking into the wind, but he didn’t mind, the puzzle wasn’t challenging enough to elicit a need for silence.
“No, why would I be- Oh, you’re expecting house loyalty aren’t you? Quite frankly I don’t give two shits, I'm coming to watch you. And I'm coming to watch you win, so win.”
The words, like John’s, escaped him before he could hold them back and the box in his mind had cracked open, trickling out into his voice. What was he doing? He didn’t know, or care, because the feeling in his stomach was new and interesting.
“When else? Joseph Ragamuffin has the pitch booked till the next match, Johnstone’s ready to kill him.”
“It was obvious, you’d go from being fed up with her to down on your knees worshipping her every word like it was gospel. And it always happened over meals, it was hard to ignore. She was putting it in your food. I thought it was rather odd that she’d brought muffins to your quidditch practice once without occasion and never again. She doesn’t bake regularly, nor does she enjoy it so there was no reason for it. Looking into it I found that her sister was in Mycroft’s year and specialised in potions. It was fairly clear from there after noticing the fluctuation in your behavioural patterns that something dubious was going on. ” Sherlock replied before lying back, the book abandoned, now falling slowly off the bed.
Sherlocks face twisted into disgust, and John looked at him confused, jumping off the broom and letting it drop to the floor, concerned now for his friend.
John asked him.
There had been several mind-boggling occasions when he’d walked over to a parent with anger in his breath and spoke heatedly about something they’d done to their child. There was one extraordinary event in which the DI of Scotland yard had shown up to arrest a mother for child abuse.
“What do they usually say?”
Sherlock hummed in concentration, trailing his fingers over the bookshelves, looking for something. “Saturday.”
“Everything.” There was a pause. “It was all just
“Mycroft went to the match?”
“But now I have this one. And I have you. So,   I'm not alone, and the next however many times I listen to somebody’s heart I’ll be able to hear something.” He wiped the tears away from his eyes. “Thanks Sherlock.”
Mycroft ran a hand through his hair. “A good thing indeed.” He opened the door to the apartment, kicking his shoes off at the door.
He felt Sherlock smile into his neck. “I'm bored, and cold, and you’re warm. I haven’t slept in about three days, considering that I was up all night yesterday, playing the violin, for you. I have more chance of falling asleep with something to focus on.” The lowness of his voice vibrated through John’s chest.
“A metamorphagus… Sarah that’s brilliant!” He pressed a kiss to her cheek before standing up and grabbing his things to run and see his friend.
“He can shove his apology up his ass. Like he didn’t know.” John grumbled, indignant, still not facing him. “I thought it would be different.”
The Slytherin smiled softly in agreeance before he collected himself enough to respond. “It’s not forever Gregory, you’ll see me again before you know it.”
“Sherlock?” John asked, his eyes flicking to the detective’s lips and back to his eyes in a matter of seconds. The question of his name held so many more words than the only one spoken, and Sherlock knew them all.
“How long have you been dating?” Conrad asked, taking his shot, pocketing one of the balls. John went red and wasn’t sure if he should try to protest. “My dear boy, I’m not stupid, there’s no need to hide it.”
Sherlock had guessed correctly that day, when he declined John’s attraction to him. John denied the fact outright, but he knew Sherlock knew rightly that he was lying.
“Clever.” Mycroft muttered with a smile of disbelief. “He’s going to bloody do it.” He whispered.
Mycroft looked up at him, mouth opening to speak but John held up a hand, then brought a finger to his lips, indicating silence. And they called Mycroft the
“Brother mine, Greg is just as common. Stop complaining.”
“Because you did all the work.”
“Yeah.” He breathed his reply.
Right?
“She took-“
“I beg your pardon?” His cheeks still flared red at that question, though he didn’t feel comfortable about it when Greg was in a state like this.
“For the embrace, or the binder?”
know why John was acting so strangely.
What type of a name was Sherlock Holmes?
“Is that too harsh? I mean we don’t even have much in common, and she- I guess she’s controlling? When I'm with her she hates it when I go hang out with Sherlock in his tower, and she gets really pissed when I talk about him.” He explained, rambling on a little bit but he had never really had any time or any
- how did-
“Pleasure.” Mycroft replied with a nod, turning to give the password, as he did so Greg made a move he hadn't predicted.
all call you, hell,
The sentence came completely out of nowhere, and John breathed a laugh. “What?”
He was even more surprised when there was a package in the post for him, on the second day of Christmas break.
“Yep. Oh- Mummy left me another thing for you, one for Christmas day, seeing as she knew her package would be open by this point. Father was pleased that you liked the gloves, they’re his favourite brand.”
John’s head snapped up, eyes wide, blue, filled with surprise and tears streaming. “What?” He asked, not in anger like the minority of Sherlock’s mind predicted, but in surprise.
He glanced the clock, it was three in the morning. Sighing to himself, he groaned out loud and got up to pace his small flat in the hopes it would tire him out enough for him to go back to sleep.
Despite the cool breeze that blew through the air, Mycroft didn’t feel cold in the slightest.
“Right.”
Conrad furrowed his brow. “Oh. That’s strange. It looks like it’s been considerably longer.” He spoke quietly in thought.
“With whom you’re sharing a flat.”
He’d given Greg a new set of playing cards, considering Anderson had
"I'm sorry."
And Greg never told him any of his problems. Mycroft always knew.
Dimmock ruffled his hair. “Nice one Watson, you did well.”
John silenced his protest, with a gentle hand on Sherlock’s chest, ironically over his heart, and the detective prayed to any deity that didn’t hate him at this point, that the doctor couldn’t feel his heartbeat racing. “But nothing Sherlock, you love her more than anything.”
" John gasped, he gripped the sheets with one hand, using the other to cover his eyes as soft repeated moans escaped his lips.
“Merry Christmas, John.”
Sherlock nodded, standing up as he needed a cup of tea, so he could read the book in peace. “Right, will that be all?”
“No problem, sweetheart.”
His letter had been discarded by his father, in a drunken state of thoughtlessness.
“However likely, a test would do no harm.”
Only when he was firmly sure Rosie was safe throwing small handfuls of corn to wandering ducks and was nowhere near enough to fall in the water of the nearby pond, did John check his phone.
“The wonders of coffee, tea and twenty-minute naps on the sofa or the nearest available surface. I was testing a technique, still used often in south America. It’s called polyphasic sleeping, its quite interesting.”
“Nothing, you alright to wait with him for a minute or two? I need to borrow notes off somebody for the class I missed.”
John groaned pressing his face against Sherlocks chest again, as if the mention of it somehow made it hurt more.
Greg didn’t notice it, obviously. Sherlock, to his surprise wasn’t reacting like anything was off. Either sherlock was more stupid than Mycroft originally thought, or John was a better actor than the elder was giving him credit for.
been abroad.” The man furrowed his brow, tilting his head slightly as he looked at John and the doctor went still, feeling like a body at a morgue being examined. “Your posture reads army, and you’ve been invalided home. Where has war at the moment? Afghanistan, or Iraq.”
“You’ll need to take more painkillers about now.”
John laughed awkwardly. “God, don’t phrase it like
Yet still on his mind was that second-year boy, flashing through his head, and this time he was unable to remove it, deleting it wasn’t something he
That wasn’t an unusual occurrence for the detective.
“Well where else could he be?” Conrad replied, John noticed his fist clench in his trouser pocket, and swallowed hoarsely.
Now one of the year eleven students had decided to be clever and try his patience.
John laughed, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist, he pressed his head into Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock’s arm found its place around his back and his other hand on the back of his neck, as he rested his head on top of John’s.
It had found him now, properly this time.
“I think he thinks we’re dating.” Greg spoke suddenly, he was looking at Sherlock who was wordlessly throwing a ball and summoning it to himself again. The Gryffindor likely viewed it as a game, Mycroft saw it for what it was, an experiment. He was trying to see how far away an item could be that he could still summon without an incantation.
this. Call me when you’ve decided to calm down.” He replied. His voice was calm, but Sherlock knew he’d pissed him off.
He didn’t do it on purpose, he just picked a point to look at before wandering through his mind-palace, trying to find any indication he had on what house he’d prefer. Flashes of red, and blue and green, the traits of each floating around in his head.
“Considering you’ve locked me in confinement, I’ll do what I want. There’s nobody to disturb other than myself.” Sherlock replied loud enough for them to hear, they slammed the slat shut before he could finish what he wanted to say, but he finished it anyway. “You can’t touch an innocent man.”
“He also said you were jittery as all hell. Are you alright?” Sherlock never really cared how people were, he could always tell, never felt the need to ask, so it came as a surprise when he asked.
“Sentiment isn’t something that I’ve ever prided myself on, Gregory. I’m not all that familiar with what is and isn’t acceptable, so in an attempt not to disgrace myself, I do nothing at all. I see that my way of reasoning has been causing you hurt. I’m sorry for that.”
Sometimes he wasn’t sure he was even a wizard, but anytime he thought that, McGonagall seemed to know, and reminded him that he’d been given a letter, that the hat had sorted him, and that he was the best keeper they’d had since Oliver Wood.
“I- I-“ He choked on his own sob. “I- I can’t-“
Like always he turned so his back was facing Sherlock, and the detective realised how uncomfortable this made the doctor.
“Whats with the creepy mirror? Looks like something from the Addams Family.”
“Lying is wrong, John.”
His knock on the door was far to quick to be considered normal, and but cursed himself but stood nonetheless.
“She made sure to let me know, the clever-clogs she is.”
“You can’t hurt him because of me, it’s my fault not his, please.”
John cleared his throat. “Do you mind if I stay here for a bit?” He asked, uncertainty in his tone and sherlock smirked. Nightmare then.
John was awake when Mycroft walked into the Gryffindor dormitories, Greg hadn't been able to sleep either, so they were keeping each other company, each with a mug of tea and a hand of cards.
Sherlock adored how John had to look up at him, he could imagine how the doctor would have to stand on his toes to kiss him.
Sherlock gave a hum of amusement. “Of course it is.” Taking the cup from her as John tucked her back into bed, turning down the brightness of the lamp so there was just enough to keep the room visible.
Greg sighed at him and he immediately felt his heart plummet. “Why are you making this difficult? I mean like- I want- When we go to hogsmede I don’t want it to be- I want it to be a date, not just us hanging out as mates. I mean it like I want you to be my boyfriend.” Greg explained, looking at the ground and interlocking his own fingers.
John had helped him in a way he didn’t realise. Sherlock had always thought he’d be alone, he was contented with that fact, he wasn’t bothered about the stigma, but the moment he met John that all changed. He was no longer content. John had surprised him in many ways, but the biggest was when he offered the realisation that Sherlock was worth loving.
The white one was the oldest, Sherlock knew just by looking. It had been bought to wear under school shirts.
Greg. The word cute was one he’d rather keep out of his immediate vernacular. It was certainly more attractive then the swept back ginger curls he had atop his own head.
Mycroft couldn’t breathe.
“I’m sure he did.” Mycroft replied, reaching for his defence against the dark arts book, but Greg grabbed his wrist to stop him. He cocked a brow at the Gryffindor, who stared him down until he dropped his hand from reaching for the book.
“I didn’t think you liked quidditch.” John replied, changing the topic like he was trying to fan the awkwardness out of the room, after the genuine compliment Sherlock had just given him.
“Oh.”
Sherlock gave a low hum, almost a purr, either in thought or because John moved his fingers through his hair in a way he especially enjoyed. “We’ll start saving then.” He replied after a moment.
“Right.” He flopped his head back against the pillow, soon after a pained grunt fell from his lips, and his grip tightened around Mycroft's hand.
“Good think it wasn’t you two then.”
He was surprised as the shorter man pushed up, pressing their lips together, his eyes went wide before he realised what was happening, closing them, and kissing back, hand’s finding John’s waist and John’s hands found his hair.
“You could bet. Might add some thrill to it.” Greg spoke, beginning a game he’d explained to Mycroft was called solitaire, laying out a row of seven cards in front of himself. “I heard Jim, in fourth year, has a secret betting ring and that Adler won big on the last match. Though I suppose that may be too scandalous for a prefect.” He grinned as Mycroft scowled at him.
Sherlock stood up, kissing below John's jawline, his hand working steadily. "I do, that doesn't mean I don't want to hear it. Usually your predictable nonsense is barely tolerable, but I'm certain this is the whole point of the exercise." He spoke deeply into John's ear. His fingers knew exactly where to press and how hard to press there, touching places John didn't even know were sensitive.
Sherlock looked over the bed, and gave John a look of exasperation. “Like I said, how am I supposed to know these things?”
Mycroft forced his normal people smile, offering the bartender a believable fake laugh. “It’s unlikely you’ll give us something stronger.” He offered a dash of sarcasm, which she seemed to appreciate, and gave him a smirk in return.
"You don't have friends. Because you don't have me." All John’s anger seemed to melt away into upset and frustration. His shoulders dropped but his fists were still tightly closed. "Train leaves in an hour, make sure you're ready." His voice was toneless, the words were empty and all the colour seemed to have drained from the room. Johns eyes were empty, Sherlock’s eyes were intense and the other dropped his gaze, sniffing and turning on his heel.
“Sherlock knows I like him.”
“So, he knows you know he knows for certain. Does he like you back?”
“Molly Hooper gave it to me on the way here. Said to give it to you. I think it’s a valentine.”
It was far more comfortable than his bed at home. He was out like a light.
of Sherlock, I doubt he’d be doing that if he was still annoyed.”
Mycroft raised his eyebrow. “Who said that
If his tattoo was going to change, it should’ve changed then.
He was an idiot.
“How strange, I am as well. Would you care to join me?” He asked, his voice a lot gentler than it was when he was speaking to John.
“Valentine, that sounds familiar.”
Because Greg was flying straight up so fast Mycroft was surprised he was still holding on. He was holding a hand out in front of him, straight toward the flying golden ball that was hovering over the Gryffindor goals.
Their results from their summer exams had come in, all looking quite well, Mummy and Father pleased all round. To his surprise, Greg’s dad had sent him a letter giving him praise for his good scores.
“So why are you telling me?” John asked. “Oh- Uh- You can turn around now.”
“Love you too!”
“Says the one who broke my microscope.” He retorted instead.
“That’s because I know you.”
“Yes, are you?”
He mixed into the crowd of students, supposing he should go to Sherlock’s tower to find him. He walked with the crowd, trying to push past people, until somebody grabbed his arm, he turned but it wasn’t the person he hoped. It was Jim.
“How do you expect me to help him?” John wanted to add that he sucked at most things that weren’t quidditch, but he was intrigued. Considering he’d never spoken to Mycroft in his life, yet the older boy knew his name, John assumed he already knew that he was pretty dim. But yet he decided to ask anyway, and John couldn’t help but feel there was more to it than just study help. Besides, Sherlock was quite interesting, he at least wanted to ask how he’d confused the sorting hat.
“Because he told me and I- I didn’t even deny it.”
John laughed again, bitterness seeped into them. “Why would it? You don’t like me back, why would you? And I’m not going out of my way to lose my best friend.” His voice grew quieter as he spoke.
He hated the way his stomach lurched anytime he met or heard of somebody called John. It was the name they gave to unidentified patients for crying out loud, who would name their child something so common?
People gasped as they watched him, his broom was practically vertical to the ground, the commentator was screaming, now the match was all on Greg, the Hufflepuff seeker, heading in a similar direction but clearly clueless as to where the snitch was.
Lestrade was the Gryffindor seeker. Mycroft had first bumped into him on a rainy day, those were his favourite types of days to walk the grounds, umbrella in hand, a book of some sort usually in the other as he strolled along listening to the drops pelt the umbrella. Nobody else to bother him.
With an annoyed huff she flounced off, swishing her hips as she went.
“We were…” He paused, realising this might not be the most pleasant topic to discuss with his boyfriend. “Are you comfortable?”
knew, no doubt that Sherlock knew exactly what was going on.
. At least you feel bad for it.” Mike replied. “Anderson physically hurts him, and hes never been sorry for any of it. Why do you think Greg had Ragamuffin take him off the team?”
“Save your brolly mate, I'm drenched as it is.” Lestrade replied, but the smile on his face told Mycroft he appreciated the gesture.
“Apologetic.”
“You aren’t joking?”
Taking the binder off was considerably more disheartening that putting it on, feeling hs chest loose that warm and expand fully as he stretched. Before he caught himself in that vicious cycle of walking to the mirror staring for hours hating himself, he pulled on an oversized pullover hoodie, kicking his jeans off, and getting into bed.
Lestrade laughed, propping his elbows up on the table. “No, he’s not in my year, he’s in the year above you, John Watson? You might know him.”
“Would you like to come in? You look like you need a cup of tea.” The man replied, he walked in, leaving the door open. Then he paused, grabbing something, before handing it to John, handle up. It was an umbrella. “For your leg. It’s my brothers, feel free to ruin it.” He gave John a small smile.
“Move over and lie down.” Sherlock ordered, and to his utmost surprise, John listened without question.
“No, you aren’t.”
Because he couldn’t lose them. John. Rosie. He couldn’t. Not now.
"God has a nice ring to it, but John will suffice." John replied and Sherlock scowled at him. "Just touch me before I pass out."
The prefect took a seat, his face coming into view, lit dimly by the candlelight, and it became apparent that it was Mycroft Holmes. He was known for being brutal, and John had seen him in the commons before, he seemed to hang about with Greg. “My brother, Sherlock, he’s in your potions class.” He spoke simply, and with a wave of his wand he lit the fire in the commons, but no words left his mouth.
Softly at first, he pushed a finger in, a smile crossing his lips as John let out soft, frantic whines, and he added another. "Faster, for the love of fuck go faster." John ordered using the hand that wasn't on Sherlock, to stroke his cock.
Sherlock laughed. “There it is.”
“Why’re you here Greg?” John asked, turning to his friend, the Holmes had sort of split off to discuss how Mycroft was doing at work, so it was just the two of them. John had a bit of a growth spurt over the course of the summer, and was now only slightly shorter than the elder, rather than a foot of difference.
It was surprisingly John who had suggested a round of cards, they hadn't played in a while, and he’d learned a new game from Harry and her mates over Christmas break.
John grinned at him, before realising where he was, who he was, and who the man in front of him was, and he dropped the smile. He shouldn’t be joking, he should be talking and pursuing the information on his daughter’s education. He shouldn’t be marvelling at the nebula green eyes and sharp cheekbones of his daughter’s teacher, nor should he be thinking about him in anyway way that wasn’t professional. This
The was a long and heavy sigh from the other end before she responded. “Fine.”
“Smarty-pants.” Greg giggled; his anger clearly gone at this point.
“Hiding?” John asked.
“I’m not necessarily fond of change but it suits you, I suppose.” Mycroft replied, before turning to engage with the rest of their group for the remaining duration of the meal.
to say to his little brother.
Mycroft found him at a pub a few blocks down from their-
“Yes, love? What’s the matter?” He asked, pushing open her door, which, as she’d requested, had been painted a golden yellow.
" His voice was that of amazement when the pieces aligned in a case, but this was more, this was so much more.
John wasn’t the normal ideal of beauty, his ears were too big for his head, his hair was greying, he had poor fashion taste. But all of those things didn’t matter to Sherlock in the beginning, and now they just made him fall further.
He didn’t look much like his father, a dark haired man with a thick mustache and a beer gut underneath a stained dress shirt. He got majority of his features from his mother, including his height.
“Do you want me to get Greg?” She was the only person other than Greg that he trusted, she understood a lot of the emotions he didn’t, quite honestly she was his best asset in regards to his heart.
“You’re telling me.” John replied. “Generally, it’s empty, I got to see a unicorn being born last year though, they were kind of annoyed at me for interrupting, but the centaur bloke said I had to pay my respects now I was there. So, I got to pet the baby.”
He turned his back to them and walked away before anymore words could be exchanged. He felt ill, which was new, and quite frankly he just wanted to collapse into his bed and never get out of it, also new.
The elder Holmes frowned at John, like he was supposed to know. “Sherlock, I thought that was quite obvious.”
“You knew?” It was now Greg’s turn to be shocked, outraged even.
Soon enough they were in the castle, bustling with first years, Sherlock among them somewhere. Knowing his brother, he was probably sulking at the back with Hagrid, no doubt trying to deduce the half-giant.
The air had turned suddenly quite flirtatious, and for once in his life the prefect wasn’t uncomfortable with it. In fact, he was quite welcoming of it. “Enlighten me then.”
“Doesn’t bode well for me then.”
He’d certainly toyed with the idea, but he always knew his boundaries and stuck to them when he could. He was her godfather, he took care of her when needs be, but he was no more than that, at least not in his own head.
It felt like everyone’s eyes were on him, judging him, scoring into his chest with scrutinising glares. He searched the crowds frantically for a friendly face, but all he could see were excited faces he didn’t connect to or recognise.
“The snitch.”
“Valentine’s day, February fourteenth. It’s a date for couples to be mushy and single people to ask their crushes out.” John had gotten used to defining simple things like that, rather than getting infuriated or accusing Sherlock of faking it, he simply decided to give him the answer to what he was looking for.
He’d seen Rosie’s teacher from afar, a mysterious man, tall, with dark curls and striking green eyes. He looked fairly young, but all the children seemed to adore him instantly. Rosamund especially, always coming home to tell him about the new thing that Mr Holmes had taught them that day.
you would’ve done it. You were with
He opened his eyes with a groan to see a school issued owl outside the window, tapping at the glass again once he looked up.
"Y-Yeah." John breathed out, his grip on Sherlock's wrist loosened, and his hand dropped, resting on top of the taller man's own.
“He’s my little brother, I’ve been trying his whole life to take care of him, our Father won’t be happy about his behaviour, he won’t be happy about this slip up. Things could get very bad in a hurry.”
Had he just flustered Sherlock Holmes?
“I best call my dad.” Greg spoke after a moment of waiting. The hustle and bustle of students outside on the platform had reminded him of where he was supposed to be. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and tapped the number, holding to his ear and directing his gaze back to the window. “Hi Dad.” A smile drew onto his face as his father replied before he frowned a little, he was ignoring the fact that both John and Mycroft were staring at him, listening to no avail. “No I’m not- I know, I’m sorry but it’s an emergency- I’m going back to the castle with Myc and John- I know we had plans but the pubs will still be open tomorrow- Yes you can still meet him, he’s just as excited as you- Right, thanks Dad, love you too, bye.” He let out a breath as he hung up.
“Say yes.” She ordered simply. Not even looking at him as she stood up onto one of the tables to push up a decorated lantern to hover amongst the candles .
“Yeah?” She answered, knowing who it was, she had a ring tone for each contact, his was a song by a rapper she’d told him was called Vanilla Ice.
“And what did you say?” She asked, glancing over at him.
Sherlock needed John.
Sherlock nodded, noting his mistake. “Yeah, and you sort of shut down into fight or flight mode. You chose flight.”
“I suppose, but-“
more.
“I thought you were asexual at first.” John replied matter-of-factly.
“How do you mean?”
A knock on the glass door of the compartment caught him off guard, he pulled his hands from his eyes and turned to see Mike Stamford, taking an earbud out he greeted his friend with a half-hearted smile, taking his earbuds out, slightly grateful for somebody to talk to.
Sherlock didn’t want to know. Because once he opened up like this, it wouldn’t be long before he was asked what the name was, or before the ring came off in a chase, or before, god forbid, John took it off him in one of the rare times he was sleeping.
Sherlock ran his hand over his face, he’d expected the question to arise at some point. “I don’t do a lot for you John Watson. There’s a lot of things you do for me that I don’t need. A lot of things that I trust you to do, despite my uncertainty as to why you do them in the first place.” He sighed, unsure how to phrase it, but John was patient. His feelings were difficult to word, and as much as he’d prefer to avoid the question, he couldn’t leave John unanswered. “I'm not sure why I do it, it just makes me feel… Well I don’t know exactly- but the fact that you let me do it brings some new sort of happiness I didn’t have before. If that makes sense.”
However, his gift for Sherlock took a lot more time and effort, and hours of sorting books for Flitwick. He was lucky that John had a good memory and enjoyed organisation.
John giggled and Sherlock much to his own surprise laughed with him, before John shushed them both. “We can’t laugh it’s a library!” He whisper-shouted, which only made Sherlock want to laugh more.
John decided to save Mycroft any potential beratement. “He talks to you, me and…”
“It wasn’t just the once. Silver Surfer, Quick Silver, Silver Samurai, Silver Dagger. All from comic books. The worst part is, I swear she looked it up on purpose. Who the fuck knows Silver Dagger off hand?” Greg asked, Mycroft glanced over at him, he was running his hands through his hair as a result of his annoyance, before they came to rest over his eyes. Mycroft didn’t say anything, knowing he’d continue on his own. “I didn’t like the grey to begin with, I just didn’t think much of it before. It was sort of just how it is. Salt and Pepper. But it’s just like they said, who goes grey at seventeen?” He removed his hands from his face, sighing out loudly and allowing his arms to flop down again at their sides.
The younger boy looked up, brow furrowed for a moment before replying. “Lestrade said you ran from practice. And when I asked around people pointed in this direction. You were passed out, didn’t wake up when I shook you, so I went to get something to do and brought you some lunch. You eat in a regular pattern to my knowledge.”
Finally, the hat grumbled before bellowing out that Sherlock was in Ravenclaw, and the first-year stood up, his expression unchanging as he walked to sit with his house group. Though his eyes seemed to regain their life, as if his soul had re-entered, they were a seafoam green, incredibly striking.
He ran it over his face, which was still sticky with the remains of John's arousal, that felt like a lifetime ago. He ran it quickly over the rest of his body before passing it to John, who followed his actions.
“Liar.”
There, on the floor, lay Molly Hooper.
John’s head was spinning, he ran a hand through his damp hair, trying to make sense of everything he was being told. “Blackmail?”
“Well then we’ve reached a simple conclusion.”
“I’m sorry.” John replied simply.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, an amused smile creeping onto his lips nonetheless. “No, too dull, too manipulative. I gave up looking five years ago, you needn’t worry.” He replied, shrugging. “Besides, even if it was, you don’t look to appalled by the premise, and if it was then why would I bother refusing to ask about your mark?”
before he can decide on what it is.
He juxtaposed Sherlock in almost every way, from the tailored trousers and rumpled shirt with the sleeves rolled up, to the maths teachers lanky frame and sharp features.
know.
But other than that, he didn’t see anything appealing in women. Though truthfully he saw nothing in men either.
So, when their badges arrived in the post it was the finishing touch. Mycroft was head boy, of course, that didn’t really come as a surprise, his badge the rich Slytherin green with silver writing. Greg was the Gryffindor Quidditch captain, which he was excited about, and Mycroft was proud of. The celebratory sort of dance he did upon receiving it was enough to make everyone present in the kitchen laugh out loud.
“Dull.”
Watson had to show up and ruin everything. Well he didn’t ruin everything, he was actually quite good at keeping Sherlock right, and out of detentions, usually managing to sensor him before he accidentally said something rude or hurtful. It was a trait Sherlock appreciated in him, his heart, considering the Ravenclaw had been told on several occasions that he lacked one of his own (John’s stethoscope said otherwise, the Gryffindor liked to listen to his heartbeat when he thought Sherlock was asleep or in his head somewhere), he didn’t mind those statements much really, he preferred the mind to be his strong suit.
John managed to open his eyes, realising that the over coat of his quidditch robes had been tucked behind his head like a pillow. He sat up quickly, too quickly and winced as the blood rushed out of his head all too quickly.
“Boyfriend?” John asked, confused, who on earth would date Mycroft? And more importantly, who on earth would Mycroft date?
Slowly they found a rhythm, and surely Sherlock began to calm down, his crying fading into the occasional sniff. He didn’t let go.
So instead, he slipped both his thumbs under the waistband, dropping to his knees as he pulled down both John's trousers and boxers, the packer going with them unnoticed.
“I haven’t talked to her since I came to stay with Sherlock, and- I guess-“ John sighed, giving his friend a stern look. “Promise you won’t say to anyone?”
“You must believe me when I say I am concerned.”
Sherlock even got Mycroft the umbrella with the sword in the handle, to try and persuade him but he was too grown up for any of that (
“No. Is this your way of asking me out?”
Not a word was spoken. Sherlock silently comforting him. No questions asked.
Greg came into view at that, and Mycroft looked up, wiping his face quickly, had he been crying? He gave Greg a nod and raised a hand to tell him to be quiet.
“I'm joking, Gregory. I was planning to go to Hogsmeade before the holidays are out, I’ll buy you a drink.” Mycroft offered, and Greg nodded, shoving the cards back in their box with care. He was unsure as to why, but he knew the cards were important to the other boy.
beautiful, but I’m a little warm just now,” he grins. “Come help me out of it?”
“Now then,” Irene says, turning her attention to the figure kneeling still and silent by the door. “Sherlock Holmes. It’s been a while since you’ve been to see me. Should we review the rules?” She walks over to stand in front of him.
There is an actual light, now.
“About a month,” Sherlock says quietly.
“It provides a temporary escape, yes, but it isn’t…
John exhales, disappointed, reality intruding, and then he’s suddenly fine with it.
Irene reaches for Sherlock’s hands and one at a time slides them into the cuffs, adjusting the buckles and checking the fit carefully. When she is satisfied, she steps back.
“Of course not, I didn’t
. He takes a long swig of his beer, staring down at the counter, his back to the living room.
“John, you scared him to death. You scared
His release pours out of him with a shuddering, almost pained silence, his eyes screwed shut, his face buried against John’s neck. He falls to his elbows and forgets to breathe for a long time, until his lungs begin to burn.
* * * * *
Sherlock’s hand covers his.
She wasn’t the one who hung the mistletoe.
John looks at him for a moment, oddly overwhelmed with affection at this particular moment. He closes his own eyes for a deep breath, then sets the mobile on the bed where he can see the countdown and settles himself on all fours between Sherlock’s legs. He allows himself a few seconds of indulgence, tasting the smooth skin of Sherlock’s stomach and, for now, ignoring his leaking erection.
* * * * * *
“I’m standing in front of you right now, Sherlock, naked and hard as a rock.” Sherlock finally starts breathing again, moaning low in his throat and straightening his head as though John had gripped his hair again. “And I want you to listen.” He runs his tongue up the shell of Sherlock’s ear, swirling the tip into its ridges. “I want you to hear me come for you, right here.” Sherlock groans behind the bar across his mouth and slams his head back against the grid.
, and why would
wants, Sherlock’s needs be damned.
Mrs. Hudson pulls the door open, smiles warmly and sympathetically. She quickly invites him inside and asks him if he needs anything.
He is struck by how this very conversation reflects the course of their entire unexpected relationship, nothing but diagonals and curves and forks and doglegs and doubling back. He’s proud of the way they’ve learned to negotiate their peculiar and complicated path, each now always in care of the other.
Sherlock lets him work at his neck and shoulders for a few more minutes, then turns around and presents his wrists. John unbuckles each cuff and pulls them off, tossing them to the bench. When his hands are finally free, Sherlock slides them alongside John’s head and pulls him into a proper kiss, his mouth working quite well again. There is heat there, and love, and gratitude.
A 1970’s-era Santa Claus was smiling back at him from under the cellophane. On his lap was a screaming bald baby wearing a snapsuit with elves on it and booties, one red, one green. Standing not too close to Santa, arms at his sides and a murderous look in his eye, is a six-year-old reddish-blonde boy in a green-and-white-striped knitted sweater vest with a red button band and gold buttons.
“Can we go home now?” Sherlock murmurs.
“Yeah. He’s playing with the London Symphony Orchestra, one night only, in February. I thought we could go.”
“You’re… knitting.”
“Go faster, Sherlock. I want to see how soon you can come for me.” Sherlock huffs out a breath as he continues to jerk at his cock, increasing his pace, twisting his wrist in an effort to add stimulation. He groans intently as he works up to the fastest rhythm he can manage, his other hand reaching toward the arm of John’s chair for balance.
John turned his head to the side when breathing finally became difficult and tried to figure out how he was possibly going to solve any of these problems, ever. His eye sockets felt like they were filled with sand, but he blinked and blinked and willed himself to keep them open. When he did, he saw a glass of water and a bottle of paracetamol on the bedside table.
Then Sherlock drops them around John’s neck and leans down to kiss him properly, long and deep.
But then he glances at Sherlock’s cock, red and swollen and
“Yes.”
Now Sherlock looks up, and his response is even, plaintive, flat. Matter of fact. “You
John had fucked up.
“I thought you had to cover extra shifts at the hospital this weekend?” She sniffles a bit, taking the handkerchief he offers and dabbing at her eyes.
John tries to settle his jaw against the black chinrest. “I don’t think this is ever going to feel right.” He pulls the violin away for a second and looks down at it, then tucks it back under his chin. “They couldn’t have made the chinrest out of something soft? It’s not terribly comfortable.”
They lean together for a deep, gentle, passionate kiss, reassurances passing between them in the most honest way they know. Eventually they separate and pull themselves up off the floor, each trying to hide a small groan at the effort, and go in search of their clothes.
* * * * * *
“You never called home.”
Turns out Sherlock is quite handy with a drill, although he grumbles about bullets being a more efficient method of putting holes in the wall.
“Not funny, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft called over his shoulder as he rapped the bedroom door with the handle of his umbrella. “Let’s go, little brother, we’re going to be late.”
John waves a hand dismissively. “Tosh. I’ve seen five-year-olds play them. Come on, let me try it.”
When John pulled away, Sherlock sat back with his arms crossed. “So where’s my tea?”
As he bounds up the stairs, John is fairly certain that none of that is actually what Sherlock said, but he has developed a defense mechanism that turns Sherlock’s voice into white noise as soon as he hears the words “I can’t
They stare at each other for a moment, then Sherlock begins to lean forward. John’s hands meet Sherlock’s chest defensively, but there’s not strength behind them, not yet, and Sherlock ignores them.
John is, in fact, up for it, because he isn’t dead, but he can’t bring himself to give in quite so quickly. “Now? I haven’t had a proper supper yet.”
To start with, there’s a giant red bow on the door that absolutely was not there when they left the flat this morning.
the door shakes; he grabs a beer, and slams the door closed again. He opens the drawer containing the churchkey with equal force, pops the top off the bottle, drops the opener back in and slams the drawer home too.
A sharp buzzing on the table beside the bed breaks the spell. Sherlock’s mobile.
“Yes,” John exhales.
brown liquids in brown bottles and clear liquids in clear bottles, and
to be the room I
“No, that we aren’t,” John agreed quietly.
“Okay,” John says. He feels trepidation, certainly, but it’s overshadowed by his genuine curiosity and desire to understand what all this means to Sherlock. Because as much as he can’t bear the idea of Sherlock in distress, he also can’t deny him a single thing.
“An envelope.”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” he whispered, his voice failing him, dropping the crop as though it burned. He loosened Sherlock’s cuffs, and sank onto the bed, his head bowed. “The rest of it is fine, the tying you up, but I just… I don’t think I can...
And there’s one Sherlock.
Irene settles it into the base of Sherlock’s erection. He stands up on the balls of his feet, twisting and turning in vain to try to avoid the stimulation. She pulls it away until he seems to catch his breath, then presses it back into his abdomen and runs it along the length of his cock, then back down.
Something pinches at John’s heart, which he ignores.
“I don’t, actually.” But then Daniel digs into the front pocket of his jeans, and reaches his hand behind his back.
He leaned up and sealed his promise with a gentle, questioning kiss, and almost went lightheaded at the forgiveness he finally felt there. Desire stirred in his gut, and after a long moment, he breathed a few words into Sherlock’s mouth.
He moves to the control panel for the grid and lowers the back wall forward to a very precise angle out from the floor. As always, while John prepares, Sherlock never moves, never looks up, never acknowledges in any way that anything is happening around him.
and picks the worst time.
of pain... inflicted on people, all this” - he waves a hand to indicate the All This which now exists tangibly in this room - “...it isn’t something that’s easy for me to get my head around.”
Then he stands up and switches off the blue light.
So he freezes in front of the weird new staircase, closes his eyes in the dream, and wills himself through the hypnagogic fog until he finally awakens and sits up, in the home he knows is his own.
from ecstasy to agony and back again. John certainly finds his own pleasure during their scenes, just as often as Sherlock does, but it is still usually in service of Sherlock’s submission. John never just takes what
The truth about who he is and what he wants. What he want
By John. Asleep. On the couch.
* * * * *
“Come for me,” he gasps. “God, Sherlock, let me feel you…”
John shakes his head.
“You know you just said all of that out loud.”
He clicked the phone on, saw 12 missed calls, and closed his eyes as his heart sank.
would you think I am having a wank up there?”
Mycroft and Sherlock grew before his eyes with every turn of the page. Eventually Sherlock’s curls came in and he got down off Santa’s lap, and the Santas changed every few years, but two things remained constant, photo after photo: the abject misery of the Holmes boys, and the relentlessly cheerful holiday apparel they modeled.
“Shit, what else?” John moaned.
Mrs. Hudson smiles as though chiding herself and reaches out to squeeze John’s arm. “I don’t mean dead, dear, nothing like that. But he left London, maybe two weeks ago.”
He thinks maybe he’s figured a few things out.
John’s eyes narrowed as he studied Sherlock’s face. “You mean, when I tell you how fucking gorgeous you are?”
Sherlock scoffs. “Of
“Got it. Take these,” John says, dropping the pills into Sherlock’s hand, “and drink this,” setting the glass down in front of him. Sherlock throws the pills into his mouth, then picks up the glass with both hands and downs it in one go.
“Because I want to come back to bed.” John didn’t mean to just blurt this out, but there it was, and he let it hang there as he sat down at the desk.
the point, and you
“Cribbage. John, we already have Cluedo.”
“Yes. I’ve been observing. Over the last two weeks, you have gone up there six times, for anywhere from forty-five minutes to an hour, once for an hour and a half. You usually go up right after you get home from work and each time you are visibly stressed. When you come back down, you seem refreshed and are clearly more relaxed. Conclusion: a wank, and probably a nap.”
“It’s really…
They each make short work of their own belts and flies, shoving them down just far enough. John tears the condom open with his teeth, rolls it on, grabs Daniel’s hips, yanks him back. He kicks Daniel’s feet apart as far as they will go, slides in one lubed finger, then a second, and works them in and out a couple of times.
“Fuck, no,” Sherlock says to the ceiling. “I can’t, John. I really can’t.”
Sherlock draped himself around John's back, and insisted he was okay, and it was okay.
Sherlock studies him, his eyebrows knotted together, and blinks a couple of times.
“No.”
” John shudders as he hears the bottle snap open. A moment later he feels one lubed knuckle press against his opening. Sherlock rotates the knuckle around the muscle a few times, then slides one strong finger inside.
“Sorry, love,” John breathes, and Sherlock’s hand covers John’s, squeezing a reassurance as he resumes his rhythm.
“Are you sure? You wouldn’t rather just sleep?”
Sherlock was always the one to ask for the lights off. Sometimes he told John what he wanted that night, but he would also, occasionally, ask John to decide. John would determine when the lights went off, starting the scene, and either one could call the lights on when it was over. Sherlock didn’t want the ability to end it, but John was not comfortable being the only one with that power.
And at that, at that one short but powerfully meaningful word, something inside John that has been shifted out of place all this time rights itself, and settles.
Irene continues trailing the flogger up his stomach and chest, then whips it across his sternum in a criss-cross motion for a solid minute.
“I have missed you,” she says. “You were always one of my favorites. Follow me, please.”
Fine.
A little violin fluff.
“Good.” Sherlock pulls him into another kiss, this one tender, almost chaste, full of relief, and it lasts and lasts.
“They’re not all body parts,” Sherlock huffs under his breath, his eyes still on the bacteria moving in rather fascinating patterns on his slide.
John puts one last kiss on his forehead, then moves to the sink and soaks a flannel under the tap. He runs the warm, damp cloth over Sherlock’s midsection, then the floor, before returning to the sink to wash up properly.
John moves to thread his fingers through the hair at the back of Sherlock’s head, letting him know he’s awake. Sherlock starts moving over John with purpose, pulling a nipple into his mouth, grazing it with his teeth, and finally biting down on it, eliciting a muffled groan that John suspects was the intent.
Minutes pass, and John doesn’t move. He waits for Sherlock’s breathing to return to normal, watches carefully as his erection fades and the rest of his body relaxes along with it. When he sees Sherlock make a couple of small involuntary jerks, a reaction to the chill he must be feeling as the sweat evaporates from his body, John releases each cuff, massaging Sherlock’s long limbs as he goes, warming the skin and restoring circulation. He gently bends each leg at the knee, then settles it on the mattress at a relaxed angle, and does the same for his arms, laying them carefully at his sides. Sherlock still hasn’t moved of his own accord.
“We used to have Cluedo, until you cracked the board over your knee.”
Lestrade scoffed. “No way am I witnessing what’s about to happen. I’ll come back tonight and see if I need to arrest Sherlock for homicide, justifiable though it may be.”
As he stands under the hot water, he tries for the millionth time to accept that this is never, ever going to change. This habit of Sherlock’s,
“Really hard, actually. It’s one of the most difficult orchestral instruments to learn how to play properly.”
“I’m sorry. I know this… with me…” - Sherlock waved his hand to indicate the flat, and what their life was now - “I know it isn’t easy. I know I ask a lot of you.”
me to leave…”
But there’s a bit of information overload happening, and he can’t quite contemplate relaxing into this enough to finish himself off.
“Can I watch you?” Sherlock whispers the question.
“Really? What if I said that in five seconds, I’m going to walk over to you, put my hand behind your neck, and kiss you as hard as I can?”
(They’re both quite lucky all the needles are out of the way by the time Sherlock tackles him to the bed.)
One more long moment of silence passes.
like…” - Sherlock regards the table, thinks with his face, and then spreads his hands triumphantly - “I’ve opened a bar in our kitchen.”
Sherlock falls down from his elbows as his chin stretches toward the ceiling. His hands fist the sheets as he fights not to move, not to engage, not to give in. Eventually, though, almost without realizing he’s doing it, one hand drifts blindly to John’s hair.
“That you might, in fact, find what happens to him to be incredibly arousing.” She smiles at him. “It’s not an unusual reaction, Doctor Watson. I’m encouraging you to stay open to the possibility and embrace it if it happens. You should also feel free to deal with it in any way you like. It certainly won’t shock me.”
“We could go there now,” John says, mostly on impulse. It’s probably a terrible idea.
“This? This is yours now. It has been for a long time. Asking that you be allowed to keep track of it, to know where it is, is never asking too much. I know all the blood and concert tickets and childhood photos and board games will never make up for what I put you through. I swear, Sherlock, I swear on this heart, I will never do that to you again.”
"Yeah," John says, and takes his hand.
Sherlock inhales quickly, his words coming out in a rush. He doesn’t look up. “John, I swear, I thought that’s what you wanted. I thought that’s what you were doing here.”
When he got to seven, he drew blood. Just a slight tear in the skin, nothing that would scar, and it healed over almost as soon as it appeared, but it was enough, or too much. He called for the lights to go on.
“Of some youth football team, from the 80’s, judging by the hairstyles, and the length of the shorts. See, the uniforms back then…”
Finally, Irene lifts both implements from his skin and waits, just a second, just long enough for one smooth inhale.
“What do you want?” John asks. There’s a strange, restive energy moving out of Sherlock, something John hasn’t sensed from him before, at least not since they started all this, and it concerns him a little. Sherlock’s eyes begin to dart around again, and he takes a couple of deep breaths, but doesn’t speak.
* * * * *
Sherlock stared at John, who stared back, then opened his hands in a palms-up, it’s-your-choice gesture.
John continues working on Sherlock’s shoulders, digging into the muscles there. Sherlock rolls into John’s touch, letting his chin drop forward as John rubs up into his neck and the back of his head. John is rewarded with a low groan of satisfaction.
John tries to settle his jaw against the black chinrest. “I don’t think this is ever going to feel right.” He pulls the violin away for a second and looks down at it, then tucks it back against his neck. “They couldn’t have made the chinrest out of something soft? It’s not terribly comfortable.”
They lay together, now, in their post-fucking daze.
“What exactly have you been up to today?”
“Fuck... John... you... have to… you have to... stop...”
“It’s okay,” John says truthfully. “I never mind listening to you play. That one was a bit sad, yeah?”
John drifts awake when he feels Sherlock stretch and then heave himself slowly off the bed. Late afternoon sun is casting into the room through the curtains, the air still heavy and oppressive. He listens to Sherlock shuffle into the loo, has no choice but to listen to him use it, then listens to him move down the hall into the kitchen.
There’s something lumpy on their bed, wrapped in Christmas paper, with a big red bow.
John lifts the bow and pulls it to the right across each string in turn until he runs out of horsehair, then moves it back across, and does it again. “Hey!” he smiles dumbly, looking inordinately proud of himself. “I played something!” He runs the bow over the strings a few more times.
, he tells himself,
he reminds himself,
John blinks away the emotion, for the moment. “How long have you been doing this?”
As John pulled off and replaced his mouth with his fist, mostly so he could rest his jaw a moment, he stared up the length of Sherlock’s body, and even though he had done this more than a few times so far, he couldn’t imagine ever getting tired of the sight of Sherlock Holmes underneath him, blissed out and shameless.
Sherlock wonders if John can feel his heart which he is convinced in this moment is beating out of his chest and directly into John’s.
* * * * *
“If you’re in there having a wank, I could help. I
Sherlock doesn’t move. Neither does John.
“You know where to go,” she says, her voice low.
And even then, even in the context of this conversation, John could see how instantaneously uncomfortable Sherlock became, and now that he was looking for it, it was bloody obvious. Sherlock wanted to crawl out of his skin at the words, fidgeting his limbs, grimacing. “John…”
John wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, and just looks.
“Fuck. You,” Sherlock breathes through his teeth, shoving back against John’s body.
” really rather loudly.
, that’s when he feels it.
Sherlock pulled the boxes from the bag, one by one. “Monopoly?”
Sherlock moans in response, his eyes scrunched tightly shut. He breathes loudly behind the ball gag.
* * * * *
John is out there?
When Sherlock’s erection has waned just a bit, John gets a warm damp flannel and carefully, clinically, removes the evidence of his earlier activity. He reaches down to drop the cloth on the floor, and his hand returns holding a bottle of lube.
Because every time the blue light went on, John prepared just as seriously upstairs as Sherlock did downstairs. In addition to mapping out the progress of the entire scene in his head, he also knew exactly what he would do if Sherlock uttered his safeword or dropped the silk at any point along the way. He planned for it, every time. Because if it happened, he would not,
You can get updates (or just come hang out) on my
What Sherlock didn’t say was that something was off because Mycroft never missed a chance to wield his umbrella. Oh, he’d put it down eventually, and Sherlock knew he didn’t carry it around when he was alone, but for the first entrance into a territory that Sherlock hadn’t even known he owned? Mycroft would want it there for that added emphasis it gave the air of power he was so certain he had (when really it just made him look like a boring version of Mary Poppins). As John stepped ahead into the hall, Sherlock cast a curious glance at it—was it some sort of warning?
She waited for the date remarks to begin (which, honestly, didn’t bother her, not coming from Lucifer, because all it took was a “no” and he would let it drop) but Lucifer only beamed and suggested Chinese.
John snorted. Sherlock, on the other hand, latched onto the detail. Obviously the devil was a myth, but whether it was a birth name or something the man had given himself, it could still connect him to the murders.
Ah yes, sleep. Sherlock’s mind was a whir of activity, but he could feel the last forty-eight hours tugging at his body and knew he would have to succumb eventually—if only to appease John.
“Well?” Chloe gestured toward the body. “Go on. Tell us how this is all about you. Get it out of your system.”
Much to his annoyance, Sherlock slept for five hours, though not before getting a good look at his room (and prowling around John’s once he was certain his friend was sound asleep). Like the rest of the house, the rooms had tongue-and-groove walls and warm colors. The beds were queen sized and the largest things in the rooms—in fact, aside from a small end table with a single drawer, a clock radio, and a lamp, they were the only furniture in the rooms. Both rooms boasted a large picture window with a spacious window seat, giving the occupant a clear view of the north end of the yard. Occasionally, the flood lights outside were triggered by a cat or other creature, but the light was distant enough to be only slightly irritating.
A generic ringtone went off, loud enough to make John jump and then silently berate himself for doing so. Lestrade, after a glance at his phone, shook his head. Sherlock’s was on silent because, and John was quoting, “Everyone is hateful today, John. Everyone.” (John had learned a long time ago not to take those comments personally). That just left John. The two people most likely to call (or text) him were standing right there, which meant this was either work, Mrs. Hudson,
“Not enough blood,” Chloe agreed, nodding.
Sherlock didn’t move or make any indication that he wanted Lucifer to stop his approach, so Lucifer offered only a grin and a bright, “Hello!” before he wrapped a hand around the back of his neck and kissed him.
“Hm? What?” Lucifer blinked and managed to tip his head toward Maze, but didn’t tear his eyes away until she punched him in the shoulder. “Ow! What?”
Two Days Ago
“Not necessarily,” Sherlock said before Mycroft could respond. “It may be a coincidence, or he may be a target. I need more data.”
The woman was suspended upside-down on a spiked iron pentagram mounted to the alley wall. Suspended while still alive, according to Ella. Still alive when her heart was cut from her chest, while the blood poured out of her…
“What did you do?”
As he got closer, the man’s—Sherlock’s—scent reached him, something spicy and dark that brought all the contradictory nature of fire to mind, destruction and creation curled into a single wisp of smoke. It was… strangely complex for a human, and just as strangely intoxicating.
Thank you to everyone who's commented so far! <3 (Comments make my day :D)
“Lucy, spit it out.”
“There’s nothing of the killer, though,” Sherlock continued, soft and quick, the way he always did when something excited him. “Nothing. Except that we are either looking at one very large and fit individual, or several killers, considering the size of the victim.”
“We need to find whoever did this and punish them immediately,” Lucifer growled through gritted teeth. “How humans got it into their minds that I’d grant them their desires in exchange for murder is beyond me.”
“Right. That means whoever killed her mounted this thing on the wall while she was on it.” Ella stepped back, shaking her head as she surveyed the display. “Whacked, right?”
“It’s worked out so far,” Sherlock muttered stiffly, but neither of them were paying attention to him.
Sherlock ignored him. Typical. Sighing, John crossed his arms over his chest and leaned back against the wall. Mycroft hadn’t told them what this Lucifer Morningstar (that couldn’t be his real name, could it?) looked like, but he suspected Sherlock would know, anyway. Feeling a bit competitive, John started to make some deductions of his own, only to be distracted almost immediately by the way Sherlock tensed beside him, his eyes going wide.
A narrow gravel path winds through short-cropped grass, merging into an arched wooden bridge cut short by utter darkness. To either side of the path, weeping willows stoop low to kiss the ground; their tendril-like branches are longer than they should be, swaying in a breeze that he can’t feel. For a moment he watches, captivated by the brief glimpses of landscape beyond the trees, half expecting some strange creature from a neighboring dimension to be staring back at him.
He laid the clothing and bottle on the bed just as John poked his head in the door.
“Are we…” John started, but then glanced at the driver, who appeared to be ignoring them.
Sherlock’s grin grew. “This isn’t the first,” he said. Then he snapped up his coat collar and walked away, leaving John to sigh his frustrations and stomp after him.
He risked a quick glance at Maze, just in time to watch her spot them. She arched one eyebrow, fought briefly for nonchalance and finally gave in to a smirk. “Okay, the tall one is hot.”
“Of course.” Mycroft waved a hand toward the kitchen. “Just through there, you’ll find three bedrooms down that hallway. The toilet is at the very end. Your things have been placed in the first room.”
Quickly, Lucifer glanced over the throngs of dancing bodies in search of the particularly attractive one, and pouted when he couldn’t spot him. “If I see him again, I’ll point him o—oooo, there he is! Over by the stocky blond man by the stairs. Hm, actually, he’s quite attractive too, isn’t he?” Two men in one night; he hadn’t done that in a while!
The horror turned to steely resolve between one blink and the next. Chloe let go of Lucifer and he drew back, offering only a smile as he retreated to his side of the table. “Right. So, we know they’re moving into the city, though… if this was their intended target, why start out spread all over the place? And what’s drawing them in?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Unlike Sherlock, John wasn’t necessarily a city person. He loved London, could all but feel the place right down to his bones, but it wasn’t that it was a city, it was just. Home. It was noise and too many people, familiar smells and familiar dangers. That didn’t stop him from looking out the windows at L.A. as it lit up against the night, or wondering what it looked like through Sherlock’s eyes. Had it already been weighed and measured against Sherlock’s beloved London, and been found wanting? Or had he even bothered to take any of it in? The latter seemed more likely—why bother clogging up that precious hard drive with unnecessary details about a city they’d likely never see again.
He was so distracted by the force of it that he had no time to react when the man, smiling broadly, said, “Hello!” in a cheerful, English accent, or when he slipped a hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck and pulled him into a kiss.
“Ta, but I really just want to sleep,” John said.
“Mr. Holmes?” The young man who’d driven them leaned out of the window and held out a rather old-fashioned looking, silver key. “This’ll get you in the gate. Key for the house is under the mat and your bags are already inside.”
Sherlock waved John into the taxi that stopped for them and slid in beside him, practically vibrating. “Two more before this one,” he said once they were moving. “In Brighton and Edinburgh, at roughly the same time, and two more just now, one near Heathrow and one…” and here his eyes gleamed, goddamn gleamed like he was some kind of comic book supervillain, and what did that make John for being so captivated by it? “In America,” Sherlock finished. His grin could officially be described as Cheshire Cat-worthy.
Orgasm has never been anything more than a temporary relief, a moment where his mind went quiet and there was nothing but a pleasant surge of sensation. This is much the same—his mind goes calm, his body shudders and relaxes into the ground—yet the addition of John lends an intensity he doesn’t expect, as mental as it is physical.
John’s eyes widen. He stares down at Sherlock, his hips stutter and he cries out and oh, he just came, just the sight of Sherlock made him come and that’s all Sherlock needs.
“Mm-hm.”
“I should think that would be obvious.”
John nodded, grasping onto the hope of improvement the way Lestrade was still gripping his shoulder. “I don’t know what scares me more,” John admitted. “The fact that he’s capable of that sort of darkness… or the fact that in the end, it doesn’t mean anything because I won’t leave.” He sighed, letting his chin fall to rest against his chest for a moment. “Who knows what the drugs did to him. Or maybe he just…”
Stomping to the couch, Sherlock dropped onto it and picked up the cup. One sniff told him it was chamomile, and he put it right back down on the table.
“Needs us,” Lestrade finished, and John nodded again.
“Suppose we should both get dressed,” John mumbled.
“What are you doing?” Chloe leaned over the table, watching as Lucifer glanced at files and found the cities listed, his finger tracing over the paper and tapping each one.
“Prat,” John shot back, grinning openly. He softly thumped Sherlock in the thigh with his foot. “I’m only five years older than you, you know.”
“Well, he’s not here because this is the ‘boring bit.’”
Lucifer usually didn’t care to sort out one noise over another while he was in his club, but his curiosity was too great. He singled out the man and his companion in time to hear the blond man yell, “
“Worth a shot.” Dan took the photo Chloe was currently holding and took it to his desk—and in the five seconds that took, Lucifer had taken the rest of the paperwork, shuffled through it, and taken off with the whole stack.
“Definitely don’t,” Ella agreed. “If I were letting myself really think about it, I’d be in the same boat.”
