“Honey , calm down, let the doctors do their work come on-“
“Yeah" he whispered and Steve knew he had momentarily lost his voice to the pain.
Steve made himself take deep breaths before easing his grip on Tony’s arms. He leaned forward and kissed him gently , soft like he could break the boy in his arms if he pushed too hard.
“Oh" Tony said cocking his head eyes tracing over every inch of Steve’s exposed skin. The bruises were massive but already faded more or less. There was a large red welt running from his left wrist to the his shoulder and all the way down to his waist. It didn’t hurt but it stung a little when Tony ran his finger along it.
“then get him to the medical bay in the tower, we will know immediately” steve nodded as he  trailed out after Tony, worry gnawing on every nerve fibre.
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
He shifted a little , shoving the mousse in his mouth a little too fast and gagged , steve held the cup of water he had thoughtfully also placed up to his mouth and Tony drank a little allowing it to settle. He took the remaining of the mousse away from Tony not wanting a repeat of last night and received a pitiful pout from him.
Tony was mostly okay, a lot of bruises , a mild concussion and his left wrist was sprained. But what stood out the most starkly was the two hand shaped bruises on his torso against his pale skin where Steve had held him tightly when they had hit the ground. Steve knew he had to be careful, or his strength could do some serious damage to normal people.
“Fuck" tony said after he could manage taking a normal breath and Steve held back from chuckling
They sat in the water until it was just lukewarm and not hot anymore. Steve brushed his lips against Tony’s forehead silently checking his temperature and finding it to be same he reached for the towels handed one to Tony and he left the bathroom to give him some space .
“But , I am telling you now that I am still angry and will still be angry until this is solved. I am sorry that I yelled at you yesterday but I had to say it. Will you forgive me?”
He was looking better but Steve could still see the lingering exhaustion in his sluggish movements’
Bruce only gave a nod and Steve carefully peeled away from Tony , making sure not to wake him yet.
“I am sorry,I know it’s my fault" steve pursed his lips considering what to say
when the world
“You must be Dum-E,” Steve laughs as he reaches out to carefully touch the robot’s extended arm. He moves further into the room, examining the items laid out before him. Again, he can’t help but be struck by how futuristic it looks. In fact, after a brief scan of the room, the only pieces of paper he can see are some of his own drawings and a dossier with a picture neatly attached to the front.
He hesitates a moment before lifting a hand up and placing it on the Terran’s shoulder. He had heard before that Terrans found comfort in such actions, often even from strangers. The Terran looks at him startled, and for a second T’ny is worried he misjudged, but the Terran says nothing, just keeps marching toward the City of Light.
“How do we send them back?” he asks, patting the dog’s head.
T’ny looks looks out at the barren space that surrounds his city, squinting out at the curious object that had landed mere hours ago just beyond the border limits.
Tony frowns and moves back into Steve’s space, his own awkward feelings be damned. He grasps Steve’s arms and looks up, mustering up all the sincerity he can.
This time it’s Steve’s turn to laugh, gripping the arms of the Iron Man suit and surrounded by lights that welcome them home.
“Not that I don’t appreciate this Tony, but a real space station? Did you rent it from NASA?”
And that strikes something in him. He does, doesn’t he? He trusts Sam and Bruce. He may be co-leader but that only works because he trusts his team. Natasha gives him a friendly jostle as she goes by, interrupting his little revelation.
“I’m sorry.”
Tony braces himself, repulsors at the ready as the wolf opens its great maw and- does not rip his head off. Tony watches in utter bafflement as the wolf licks a stripe up the faceplate, and seemingly satisfied, pushes itself off the armour and curls up protectively at his feet.
“That’s me.” Tony gestures towards the TV, which is displaying the cover for Singing In the Rain. “Am I interrupting something?”
“Well, I do live to serve, sir,” Jarvis replies dryly.
His own derisive laugh fills the car and he allows himself the tears burning his eyes.
The last word is accompanied by a bang as Tony forcefully sets down the coffee pot.
Steve looks down at him, briefly closing his eyes, and Tony can feel the gentle puffs of breath against his face when Steve murmurs “Thank you, Tony. Really.”
Most of them he doesn’t.
So then. This creature is a Terran. T’ny suppresses a frown as he thinks back to his intergalactic studies classes, where Terran’s has been summarised as a less evolved form of Knotovians.
He climbs in next to T’ny and T’ny wraps his arms around his waist and presses his head against the juncture where neck and shoulder meet.
Sam nods.
When their food comes, Steve can’t help but gawk at the sight. A burger the size as his head is set down in front of Sam and what looks to be an entire fried and battered fish fillet is placed in front of him. The waiter comes back with two bowls of fries and a salad.
Clint doesn’t know whether to laugh and savour the moment or throw up.
. It’s really wonderful.”
He doesn’t mean to not tell Steve. He just wants to give him time to adjust, to get a foothold in the new century, before he comes barreling in like a storm claiming to be Steve’s soulmate.
The first time Tony thinks of marriage is at a Brooklyn Academy of Art exhibition. The lights are low, and they’re sitting in the corner next to some pretentious asshole’s “modern art” that’s just a blank canvas next to a camera and a lump of wet clay. Steve had offered to stay and help clean up, so Tony had stayed, too. After the floor was swept and the rest of the building had been locked up, they had sat down together in the corner. They talk quietly and laugh often, and Steve complains of the pains in his feet from standing all day.
“So, I’m sorry. And you’re going to let me be sorry, just like you’re letting me help you now.”
“I’m sorry, man, I just-”
Steve steps forward, not wanting to be insensitive about Bruce’s abrupt transformation but anxious to have him start working on the nanites in Tony’s head.
Steve laughs and looks over as Tony flips the face plate back up to reveal his own grinning face.
“I could make that work, I
so an experience is all I have to work with! You’re a very difficult man to buy for.” And Tony has the gall to pout, as if
Thor’s rumble is soft and as they walk side by side back to the palace and back to their battlefields, the wind rushes past them, soft through his hair and warm against his arms.
Whatever. He’s sure Brooklyn has some cosy alleyways.
Well, it was enough to convince him to take this leap of faith.
Tony shoves Steve lightly in the chest.
He hefts the boulder in one hand, readying himself to throw it across the field. He hears the clinks of metal against metal seconds before he feels his foot slip out of the broken stirrup. The boulder slips out of his grip and falls back to the earth with a dull noise and the horse to bolts from under him.
He purses his lips and looks somewhat reproachfully at the cat. “A fucking
“Always.”
He keeps his family alive the only way he knows how and he wishes it were enough.
“Great! Ready?”
his heart loves. He wonders why ending that promise was part of the deal. He has loved Tony Stark through life and he will love him through death too, this he knows like he knows the sun will set every day.
“Maybe, maybe.”
And then there are the gifts. Which are less benefits so much as they are thoughtful indulgences.
The waiter nods and turns back to hurry towards the kitchen.
“Mister?” one asks, looking around at his friends as if wondering if he heard right.
And Tony smiles, but it is sad and Steve wants to cry again, so he does. He grieves for the family he has lost, the life he used to lead and the person he once was. Grieves for all of it and hates himself through it all, and hates that he hates it, can’t even give Tony a meaningful goodbye-
Steve nods. He knows he should engage Bruce more, assure him that he’s fine, but he can’t help himself as his eyes drift to the figure beside him.
“Uh huh, trust me.”
Steve breaths out a quiet laugh.
Nothing the past few years had brought was Tony's fault. It wasn't fair that he was paying the price for it.
“Sure, why not. You got popcorn?”
T’ny starts at that, because surely this Terran has not come all this way to a strange planet with not even a means to communicate? Had their situation been so dire that it had been stripped from them before they had boarded the only craft available to them. Or perhaps they had been forced to leave it behind. He knew many brands of communicator included a tracking device.
Steve frowns and opens his mouth but Tony interrupts him again.
Before him is the Tower,
They step into a space station. Because of course they do.
“JARVIS,” he calls “what’s happening?”
Steve doesn’t know how long they sit there.
“Yes, sir.”
to get a good night's sleep is starting to rub off on him. As far as he knows, he’s the only one up, his usual night time companion out in SHIELD related business and the rest of the Tower’s occupants asleep on their respective floors. He breathes in the quiet and tries to tell himself it’s peaceful and not eerie. Peaceful.
else. He loved Tony, but he still trusts Sam and Bruce. He can trust them to help Tony when he can’t.
“No, I’ll tell him.”
The second thing he registers is a warm presence beside him. He doesn’t need to look to know who it is and he rolls over onto his side, securing his arm around Tony’s chest and pulling him close. He lays there and reflects on the last three years with the insights that come with essentially being dropped into the life of a stranger.
“All right, honey,” he mutters before Tony across his shoulder, adjusting his grip as Tony squirms against him.
“We’re going out?”
Steve laughs when Tony chases one of the gloves, swimming through the air after it. He himself takes the moment to enjoy the odd, weightless sensation.
He manages to set his feelings aside once they land. While Steve had been adamant about joining the Avengers, he wasn’t an idiot either – given his lack of experience with how the team usually operates, he’s something of a liability and he knows it. So, he sticks to Tony and Natasha’s directions. In his defense, the battle itself goes well. It’s after, when they’re rounding up the few Hydra agents in the building that things go FUBAR and he finds himself on the wrong end of the Hulk’s fist.
Tony seems to sense this because he grabs his hand and leads him deeper into the space station, flipping a switch on the way that must turn off the artificial gravity, because they float together the rest of the way.
“How are you feeling?”
When he approaches Tony to ask to borrow his horse, he finds himself looking down into solemn eyes.
Tomorrow will, either way, be the end of the world as they know it.
When the suns on Asgard start to cross and their light begins to fade, Thor grips his shoulder and looks down at him, imploring.
from NASA? I built this for Avengers use, just in case. Carol uses it as well sometimes, if she’s nearby. I keep it stocked.”
He stays like that, feels Tony sink down, too and run gentle hands through his hair, murmuring soft words and pressing softer kisses wherever he can reach.
And Steve shakes his head because
It remains peaceful for several long moments, right up until two things happen, right on top of each other.
"I know this is hard-” the first voice starts. Calm, placating. Female; the redhead.
When the outer part of the airlock hisses and Steve floats out, he can almost hear his heart skip a beat. He floats further from the station, enraptured by the sight before him. A belt of stars and twinkling colours surround him, like nothing he has ever seen on Earth. He looks, mesmerised, around him and turns to Tony, who had flown out further from the station and remained hovering in front of him, a red and gold speck among thousands of others.
, will be there waiting for him.
“No Cap?” he asks as he throws himself into the nearest available seat. Surely, if the rest of the team was here, Fury would have called Steve in from whatever mission he’s on?
Steve stares at the man. He’s grinning at him, but there’s something sad in it too. Steve nods slowly.
“I do.”
“I do,” he whispers, the words tentative and fragile but there.
ending.”
Trusts him like he has forgotten how to trust himself, and so maybe- no, there
he corrects. Just his life. Because Thor is still surrounded by family in arms and citizens who respect him and, if nothing else, will die with him.
The day Tony dies, the sun is shining so Steve helps him onto the roof of the Tower and promises to be back with sun cream and drinks.
Steve went first to Tony’s doctor , because he hadn’t been there for the morning rounds and he needed to hear first hand from his doctor about how he was doing. Steve liked this guy, he was straightforward, not judgemental and seemed to truly be concerned about helping the patient. Something that steve had realised was a very rare quality in a doctor these days.
What surprised steve was the way Tony said it, he had begged for it like he didn’t believe Steve would stop and he patted Tony's  thigh ,his thumb caressing the skin there as he waited for him to calm down. He realised this was Tony testing him to know that Steve will really stop if he wanted him to.
“If this hurts more than I am already hurti-"
“no please" he whined and Steve thought he sounded approximately five years old at the moment.
steve reached out to hold Tony’s hand , gripped it tightly until tony turned his palm and locked his fingers with Steve’s, his breathing picked up as he held on tightly.
“True, but there are a lot of people on the board, they wouldn’t even need Tony to do anything. Just sit there and take the name" Bruce put his coffee cup down forcefully the sound reverberating through the small shop
“Cap was the reason he is not pulp, it was mere coincidence that tony was taking the subway at that very moment. And if some other agent had been placed instead of cap, both of them would have been dead.” Steve didn’t even want to imagine that scenario. The thought of tony currently passed out on the bed after having a terrifying panic attack with a concussion in itself was suffice to to make Steve feel loathe.
"I managed to make the jets completely oxygen dependent"
“You are really alive" Tony mumbled softly and Steve held his breath as he let Tony process the information on his own.
“Punishment?” it popped out of Bruce’s mouth even before he had thought it over and Steve knew that because the moment it left his mouth Bruce bought a hand up to his mouth.
“Natasha said Bucky was the closest person you wished you never lost, and now that he is back..”
"Tony, I know you know what's happening" she said .I nodded my head in defeat the panic already evident on my face. Steve rubbed his hands up and down my shoulder and arms in comfort.
Hope you Enjoy :)
The team sat with Tony in shifts, so they could meanwhile do their own things. There was a scare in between when Tony had tried to walk himself to the bathroom and he had tripped and fallen leaving a long gash along his fforearm. Since then it was a given that at no point was he to be left alone.
“How is he?” natash asked as they sat watching the two running around like five year olds.
Steve’s head snapped up from guilt for not having done any back ground check on Tony.
That caught Steve’s attention, feeling somewhat better about the fact that Tony had not just been disinterested in his class but in all others as well. Steve had been going out of his way off late to get that boy's attention in class but to no avail.
“Clint will be here in fifteen and stay until school closes and pick him up. Take him to the tower" steve was not happy with that plan , he wanted to be the one to take him to the tower and be the one to tell him that he never has to go back to the mansion again.
“Are you okay tony?” clint asked while thor bobbed his head in the back ,they were all frowning now. Except for steve who was currently incapable of any emotion as his brain was frozen.
“ I don’t want to lay down” he said stubbornly and refused to take the blankets. So Steve just spread it open and dropped it on his lap as Tony pouted.
Steve smiled to himself as tony reached for the bag with the burger knowing tony was going to be alright. His life was never going to be easy with tony , but it was definitely worth it.
Steve walked with purpose before reaching out and pulling Tony back forcefully and turning him to face Steve. There were agents all around them and steve was getting more agitated the more they stopped to stare.
“I’ll be there in fifteen” the call dropped.
Tony rolled his eyes, a smirk playing on his lips as steve began the class. Twenty minutes in and Steve’s eyes landed on the brunette again, only to find him looking completely bored and out of his mind. Steve did take offence this time but he didn’t want to call him out just yet. He was the new kid after all, after all steve dies know how difficult it can be when things around you are very different from how you were used to.
Tony continued to frown at him “what’s happening to him?” the question was directed to the spies but he was still looking at Steve with concern. He only realized why, when tony put his hot chocolate down and threaded his fingers through Steve’s own that he was shaking.
“Try again" he scolded but continued rubbing his hand soothingly along his back
“Is he?” steve couldn’t even finish the sentence as his eyes frantically scanned the room looking for Tony, if bruce was out so should Tony and he should be back in his bed.
“I have a note from the nurse , excusing me from gym”
Obadiah had said no one had ever laid a hand on the boy . He had blatantly lied about it, now Steve was wondering why he had kept the boy away from his past. There had to be an ulterior motive. He took deep breaths as he walked back and forth along the corridor outside his finger worrying at the back of his neck.
“Right, so before we begin the lecture for today ,I was hoping we can learn a few things about our new student here” Steve said pointing to Anthony who looked slightly uncomfortable, but quickly composed himself smiling at everyone and stood up.
“I am hungry” he said after a while and Steve smirked at him
“Woah" Tony whispered when he pulled back as steve pulled up a chair and sat beside him.
“That might not actually be a problem" natasha said grinning “I did some snooping, as to why shield is protective of Tony. Apart from his genius , a lot of Howard’s inventions and tech are all part of shields R&D which means the entire lab equipment rightfully belongs to shield.”
But Tony just shrugged and said “I may be a little bit accident prone “ and pursed his lips like the other day and threw up his hands as if to say ‘what can you do about it?’
Tony was butt naked but Steve was eighty percent sure he could get through this without having an erection. Atleast steve was still wearing all of his clothes so there was that barrier. Atleast.
“meeting room eight, second floor. We didn’t give him access to the medbay” Steve smiled gratefully at her as she nodded and left closing the door behind her softly.
He turned around , stripping himself off his clothes down to his boxers and Tony gasped like he just realized what Steve had planned
“I am only trying to help honey" tony looked at him through his lashes for a few seconds before sighing
“welcome back guys! Hope you guys had a good summer.” He received a few happy responses and some not so happy about being back in school.
“Tony, it’s going to be okay” he said as he felt Tony shiver and he picked him up ,laying him down on the bed. He refused to let go of Steve,  so he sat down as well next to him.
“really?” Tony grinned as Steve nodded
“I thought you wanted to ask me something” he said not meeting his eyes
Tony scoffed raising an eyebrow “too late for that”
“does he know bruce is coming?” they had invited bruce over for dinner because they had wanted to give him a official welcome to shield and he had been very happy to oblige.
“That is definitely a solvable problem" Steve said grinning as he revved the bike before moving forward again.
“What is it?” he asked now frowning himself.
She was propped up on the bed drinking her water and the other teacher was sitting next her on the chair looking at him as well for an answer.
“Tony, look at me.”
“Hey” Steve said and Tony’s eyes snapped up eyes locking with Steve’s as Steve made his way over to the desk Tony was sitting at.
“I don’t know if we can save this academic year for him, but he is a year younger. So maybe holding him back shouldn’t be a problem" steve hated to even think that. Tony had been doing so well, he was smarter than anyone , any of his seniors even.
“Don’t be a child. Speaking of children, how’s tony?”
“legal will have words for you” was all stane said glaring at Steve not even looking at Tony in the face before both of them left.
“feels good?” he asked him as he gently bit at Tony’s shoulder and Tony whimpered in pain and Steve lapped his tongue over the abused skin to soothe it .
“uhm, I think he and fury are weighing the odds of the hulk making an appearance” clint said rubbing some warmth onto his upper arms getting the blood flowing.
“they told us , the board members , that Howard’s son tony was alive and was kept under witness protection for his own good. They told us it was a need to know basis and only between us board members.”
“No, he was too exhausted so I didn’t push him for information.”  Natasha sighed looking somewhat annoyed she said “you can’t coddle him Steve, he needs to tell us what he knows . Or we will be working blind here. Where is he now?” Steve scorned at that , he wanted to defend himself saying that Tony was truly in no shape to be answering any questions but he knew natasha was right he shouldn’t have let his protective instincts take over.
He hadn’t expected the Norse god to be occupying the extra bed , but it didn’t deter him from sinking to his knees and placing the lightest of kisses to Tony’s chapped lips. He stayed there in that position for a few minutes,  head cushioned on the pillow that Tony’s IV clad hand rested on.
“okay, next” and tony let out a low whine as he pouted at the prospect of more rules. Steve laughed tugging on a few of his hair strands , constantly trying to keep him grounded
“Explain please" and Tony sighed again , steve trying to encourage him he gave him a gentle squeeze
“One mile and we will be back at the tower, come on you can do this" he tried coaxing him but this time Tony just fell to his knees giving up. Steve cringed as his new shoes scuffed up against the dirty road.
“Because when you go to bed clean, you get a better nights sleep.” Tony rolled his eyes at him
“I am telling you nat” Steve stretched his arm as far as it would go to gain maximum moment to bring his shield down on the doombot. It screeched as the connections severed and fell to the ground like a puppet “this kid, I don’t understand him. Why lie, you know?”
Steve belatedly noted that Anna’s parents had probably already picked her up and the entire nurses office was empty save for them.
Steve’s attention was immediately drawn to the room he had made Tony sit in as he exited the meeting . He frowned at the sight of few people gathered around Tony in the room. Two of them Steve recognized immediately. Phil was saying something to another agent and Clint was leaning by Tony s chair and saying something to him. He made his way over to them
“You haven’t eaten in a while , you need to eat Tony” he tried again but tony whined turning his head away like a child.
Steve smirked and picked up the wrap again just waved to Bruce, “I’ll see you at lunch" he said grinning
“He is quiet the smart alec, I’ll give you that” Clint said walking by Steve to lean against the pillar.
“But why is bruce mad?”
Steve’s stress levels were through the roof, if he didn’t have the serum he would have had a heart attack with all the worrying he had been doing lately.
“No , you were getting restless and the other teachers thought it might do you some good to leave for a while" he said nipping at the little bit of flesh between his shirt collar and his hair .
“You were best friends with dad, so you know the mansion as well as I do" and Steve laughed at Tony’s reaction it was so damn adorable and Steve nosed Tony’s throat smelling the rain on him still.
“is it still hurting? Honey are you okay?” he asked worried that if it was still hurting him then it was something serious after all and that he should have taken Tony to an actual doctor.
“ the day before, when I was having ….when we were in the men’s room you called me sweetheart. Professors don’t call their students sweethearts.”
“He’s burning up, is the wound infected?” she asked as she pulled a fluffy towel over Steve and Tony and only then did he notice how much Tony was shaking in his arms.
“Tony. I need you to take deep breaths okay? In and out. Come on you can do this.” Tony simply shook his head  the panic taking over.
“hey , what are you kids up to?” She asked politely and before pepper could answer tony sighed and yanked his hands away from peppers hold.
He squinted at the screen to look at the name half expecting it to be tony ,but he was surprised to find that it was actually Bruce.
“Okay I know you don’t want to talk about it , but I think we really need to.”
Tony’s fingers unclenched from the white knuckled grip he had on Steve’s shirt front. Steve took a few calming breaths before he carefully pulled away so he can look at Tony’s face. Tony was always a big talker and most of the time he delivered. But only Steve knew this side of him and in spite of knowing that no matter how confident Tony is talking about intimacy of any sort he is still sorting through some issues and that he shouldn’t have pushed him, issues that Steve knew better than anyone and sometime better than tony himself.
“It’s nothing for you to worry about” tony pushed away from him with a hand on his chest, scowling at Steve.
“pajamas are a waste of time” he stated
“Okay, hey why don’t you go get me some tissues from there?” he said gently pushing Tony off of his aching, too tight pants. He shifted uncomfortably once Tony’s weight was gone and Tony looked at him his lips quivering and Steve grinned at him
His eyes widened as the needle pierced his skin and he whimpered but relaxed after that .The worst part was over.
“how’s the pain? Did you take your meds?”
“I am only giving you an option, I won’t force you to do anything Tony. No one should.” Tony nodded , avoiding his eyes and Steve waited patiently for Tony to confirm to him that that’s what he really wanted. No matter how much Steve did not want it, he was not going to make Tony do anything he was not comfortable with.
The reaction took Steve by surprise and he sat there crouched on the floor for a few seconds as he watched Tony put on his shoes with sudden determination.
Tony refused to say anything so steve brushed the hair off his forehead, and forced his chin up so he could kiss him softly before pushing him off his lap.
“Tony,” he called and when that didn’t get his attention , steve stood up , crossed over to where the teen was struggling to pull his shoe over his heel and grabbed his elbow, forcing him to stop what he was doing and look up at Steve.
“Good , because I have a problem" he said and now Steve actually stopped the bike
“Different how honey?” Steve asked taking a deep breath
"not in front of the lady" Tony pouted. I sighed this was going to take longer than they thought. "yes, because you are a shy kind of person" Natasha said already reaching for the hem of his shirt. She was all business, she knew there was no point beating around the bush. He swatted at her hand and removed the shirt himself.
Steve's POV
“Sorry, all I have to entertain myself is my own mind. And well, what can I say? I am a funny guy" he said smirking.
“but you were also dead" he said voice wavering
“Are you guys okay?”
“How are you feeling really?” he asked Tony
“yeah. I think you got that right. Come here, please.” He said once again and Tony shuffled a little closer but still stood a good three feet away. Steve rolled his eyes and turned towards the other two.
“But I am fine now!”
Steve sighed in frustration and went back to eating his salad as he watched the girls practically skip back to their tables.
"a couple of hours back, figured you guys would be busy with the Debrief"
“I hate you" he muttered and Steve chuckled as he manhandled Tony onto the bed and under the covers.
“Its really not, I don’t want to make a deal out of this.” And then Steve snapped
“I cant see him like this Clint, he hates everything medical and it’s only going to get worse after he’s awake"
It took another two hours of bashing to kill every one of them ,in the process destroying a three block radius of the city. Fury was not going to be happy.
“It will hurt, but in a good way" he told him and Steve was not prepared to answer his next question when he asked-
He silently pulled the covers over him and hooked the IV back to the port on Tony’s wrist. Who sat quietly not uttering a word letting Steve do whatever he needed to.
“can you please make him sleep at the tower today?” he asked knowing how desperate he sounded and  bruce just sighed again
The most important information Steve got, not from Tony but from Coulson’s report was that Tony was only 10 months old when the fatal car crash happened. Which means Tony’s birth certificate that was floating around was fake. According to Coulson’s report Tony should be turning 17 in a few months and not eighteen like tony has been so eager about. But Steve was yet to give Tony that information still unsure where exactly that discrepancy came from. All in all, things were okay. Steve was happy that Tony was staying and Tony was really glad he had found a place he fit in to. No incidents occurred on stane or rumlow’s part since the last time and Tony was mostly recovered from all his bruises ,his ribs feeling better and he was even spending extra time with Bruce helping around and talking science together but that didn’t really surprise Steve. He was just glad they found each other cause most of the time he never truly understood was either of them were babbling about.
Steve wasn’t sure how to handle Tony, all these days he had only seen one side of Tony- a very defensive sixteen year old, who was very smart for his age and seemingly acing the social skills among his peers.
He turned to pepper, who was now frantically shuffling around waiting to help “I need you to go let Natasha know that he is going to be fine and ask her to bring us a water bottle in a few minutes. Can you do that?” She nodded immediately but refused to move , her eyes trained on tony  “he will be fine , I am going to help him. But I need you to do this for me okay?” She reluctantly left after telling tony that she will be back.
“It’s okay Tony,  take them off , it’s chafing against the wound. You need to let it heal"
The doctor nodded while Tony squirmed under his scrutinizing gaze.
On my right was Tasha with her hand running through my hair. And Bruce was sitting on a chair next to my bed. All three in a somewhat serious discussion they didn't notice me awake. So I kept still trying to hear what they were saying.
“I ..what ? Tony" he didn’t even know what to say
“Steve , we knew you were alive because we were monitoring the tracker but couldn’t talk about it in front of Tony once we realized that he must be unknowingly carrying the bug"
"Why did he text you?" Clint smirked at him
“no! Don’t go!” and Tony was laying his head on Steve’s chest
“Don’t” steve froze “please don’t stop" he whispered just barely enough for Steve to hear.
He was not entirely sure if that was a good idea right now but he gently tugged on Tony’s arms until he came with and leaned forward against Steve.
Last time I didnt write the part where Tony finally opens up to Steve. So here it is!
We were crowded around the snack table talking about why it was important to keep up appearances when the nurse asked “are you feeling alright Mr.stark?” all of our heads whipped around our eyes searching for the danger,it was a habit and no one commented on it. My eyes finally landed on tony, his head was bent forward resting on his hands which were propped up on his elbows on the pillow he had dropped on his lap. Everyone was quiet waiting for Tony’s reply But he didn’t say anything even after a couple of seconds. So the nurse placed  her hand on his back coaxing his head out of his hands so he would look up so she can make sure he is okay. But the moment she pulled his hand out from underneath his chin, tony listlessly tipped forward but she grabbed him by the shoulders looking at us for assistance. I took two large steps towards them and took hold of tony “put him on his back, we should elevate his legs" I nodded tipping Tony’s head back and sitting down beside him before lowering him onto the bed. Natasha grabbed two pillows and placed them under his feet elevating them. Tony had gone pale, his forehead covered with a thin layer of sweat. It was unsettling to see the ever chipper man like this.
"I wasn't asking ,we are going up for lunch whether you like it or not Tony,especially after today morning" goddammit!why did Bruce have to remind him?He was already feeling much better!
“Tony? Wake up for me honey” he said gently shaking his shoulder and then running his fingers through his hair , he mumbled something about being tired and rolled over.
“He's been, well for lack of a better word - present” she said blandly and now Steve grinned all the way
Tony was sated in his arms blissed out and Steve was falling in love all over again.
“What advantage could stane possibly have when Tony takes over the company? Besides it’s not like tony even knows how to run a company, he’s just a child. He doesn’t have any background in business management. So tony would need stane to help him , atleast for the first few years.”
“Tony..” he wasn’t sure what to say. Steve was in shock though, he hadn’t expected it at all. Tony seemed to have hated his guts since he found him sitting outside the gym ,always picking arguments.
“Okay, you can either sit here and sulk or come spend your last day with me. Turns out you are not the only one who got permission to go home” Steve said flashing a smile at Tony holding up another letter.
“ you are wrong! And I know you feel it too , you say you don’t want to hurt me but that’s exactly what you are doing.”
“That is a hall-pass to the nurse, not for lingering in the hallway is it now?” He was proud of that one when tony looked miffed . “Is there a reason you are avoiding the nurse as well?”
“No. He’s Staying here actually.” Steve didn’t process what he said before the words slipped out in a rage
“Sir, with all due respect, this is a museum of natural history and they are going to be very bored so there is not much trouble they can get into” he countered
"you missed breakfast, Bruce made curry for lunch, do you want a plate?" he asked me, but was already putting some on a plate. Oh well, I was famished. He put the plate in front of me and sat down next to me again.
“I am sorry. You can go now" he said his voice shaking like he was going to cry
“what am I doing?” he asked confused as he watched Tony carefully
“shield medical, he was alert and conscious when we found you" and that’s when Steve realized he was on a shield base.
Steve groaned when he let that sink in, berating himself for being distracted by tony. It had been so obvious and yet when tony had looked at him with those... Steve shook his head to clear it before his thoughts ventured into something inappropriate.
He got a very good view of Tony’s perky ass he walked on his tip toes like he didn’t want to make noise and Steve chuckled at him as he practically ran back to the bed seeking the heat.
“no tony” he frowned and then pouted at Steve
He pulled them both up gently and kissed him , giving him everything he had and Tony relaxed into his arms and Steve wanted nothing more than to show him that Steve was going to be with him every moment he wants him there.
“I’ll be there in fifteen”
Steve’s pulse picked up as tony started putting things together. He gave him a light squeeze before reaching behind them to press the nurse call button.
“Howard stark?” and Bruce nodded seriously as he watched Steve take in the information.
“for me?” he nodded and Steve kissing him again , just a peck nothing more.
“Have you eaten?” Clint said pushing a half eaten sandwich toward him
“You are mad” he stated
“I can’t blame you for you did today, because I know why you did it and I know it’s what I would have wanted to do if I were in your shoes. But the serum is what makes me withstand these things and this is what I am meant for-"
“Can you tell him I don’t need to go home?”
“What does she mean hurt him? When did you hurt him?” Bruce’s entire demeanor towards Bucky changed and Steve stuck between the need to defend his friend and to be angry at him.
"I Am not accusing you, just enquiring, no need to get snippy" she said but had no accusatory tone, just calm and explaining. Fine, whatever, I forgot.
Steve was yet to speak to Bucky, which he didn’t know why he was hesitating so much about or that’s what he told himself,  because he knew somewhere deep inside that it had something to do with what peggy had said about knowing his feelings towards Bucky in the forties.
“Hey" he said brushing the wet hair out of his face and Tony smiled at him happily
The elevator dinged loudly, an indication from Jarvis that I had been too lost in thought to get out of the elevator on my floor .I grumbled some more (I was doing that a lot more than usual today) before exiting the elevator only to trip over an excited dummy who had apparently been trying to get my attention since the elevator opened. I patted the robot on his arm and walked around him to my desk with the blueprints for the mark 50.
“Look at me Tony, come on, there you go" he coaxed, his hands itching to wrap around the boy.
“Pfft, no me and tasha are just two peas in a pod. Friends. Amigos.”
Taking a deep breath, He pushed up from my lap, standing hands on his hips, "now?" he asked so quietly it broke my heart.
“Tony , stop that" he said for the tenth time in the past ten minutes.
“Calm your tits cap, we rented out the whole hotel, no one is here but us.” Oh! That explained a lot and Steve chuckled to himself at how extravagant shield did things sometimes.
“I don’t like doctors" he said as they walked out together towards the kitchen
“It burns” he whimpered and Steve reached down with his hand wrapped a palm around it, stroked the slit with his his thumb to ease the burning. The fact that he was not reacting sexually to what Steve was doing told him just how much fear that moment with rumlow had instilled in him.
“It will burn” he said lips pursing and Steve chuckled as he patted his hand and continued to help him up.
“I had somethings on my mind” he said nonchalantly and Tony frowned at him and just as Tony opened his mouth to ask him about it Steve kissed him senseless, he had missed this and Steve was not missing the opportunity.
Tony didn’t fight them further,  he was silent throughout the prepping process. He kept his eyes on steve , tracking every movement he made. Steve stuck by his side just the same. He kept his hand firmly grasping Tony’s until he was asked to let go so they could strap his arms up and Tony took a second to really let go.
“Yes, but this is different”
“Tony go wait with Clint” he said as gently as possible and Tony snapped out of whatever trance he was in shaking his head
“This way ,please” said a nurse ushering us into a room full of equipment for the blood draw  and as promised a table of snacks. There were three beds set up in a row and a couple of chairs.
A new year, a new student.
And ofcourse both were about Tony. One, why did Steve think a fifteen year old was adorable and two, why had Tony flinched ? Of the two the one that disturbed him the most was his off late need to protect Tony from whatever had frightened him hard enough to flinch that day. And this lead to the first thought again ,why were these feelings surfacing for the brunette? And then the thought cycle began all over again. So Steve spent the next week trying to subtly observe Tony in class or his interactions with his friends to notice if anything was off that warranted that flinch.
“Its late afternoon, Steve I have never known for you to sleep this long. Are you slacking off?” Clint smirked at him and Steve just rolled his eyes.
He was looking at Steve with pulpy dog eyes and a pout and he had to turn away to avoid succumbing to them. Tony stretched a little and pushed off of Steve getting up and taking the blanket with him.
“Okay, we will just watch the TV okay?” he said settling back on the bed wrapping his arms around the genius. He felt Tony instantly relax and sigh softly against his chest
“I am sorry, are you really mad that I didnt tell you?”  he mumbled and Steve’s heart broke that even now Tony only cared about making him angry.
“what is it honey? What happened ?” Steve asked eyes searching his body for anything that he had missed
“I find it very hard to believe that a genius” he pointed at Tony “is failing his classes at school"
“Once” Tony started to say but Steve let go of his hold on tony and got up from under him , he quickly walked out of the room trying to control his anger.
Steve was taken back but only for a moment , he sighed closing his eyes for a second knowing he would do anything to make this situation better for Tony.
“is it getting better?” Tony only frowned at him , as he pulled on Steve’s hand until it was out of his pants and held it there
“Natasha and Clint. School will end in less than an hour. There is nothing we have , no claim to keep Tony with us. Once school is over stane can very well waltz in here and take him home"
“I am taking Tony home.” Was the last of stanes words before he left the room slamming the door.
And ofcourse , let’s not forget the whole winter soldier staying at his apartment incident.
“I just wish I had never known it was Howard’s boy. I didn’t ask for this, I went into the ice 15 years back and life gave me a second chance with everything. But yet I feel responsible .”
“Gym really is not your thing huh?” he asked pulling away and just as he did , he heard someone knocking on the door and both of them pulled apart immediately
“What's happening to him?” he asked a little unsure as Clint chuckled at Steve’s expression when tu Tony chose to not believe him instead turning to the two spies.
“Snap out of it, come on. You need to get out of the cold. Hand him over , go change your clothes and dry off" he felt Tony being tugged away from him and let go and watched as natasha pulled him across the tiled floor and propped him up against her chest his chin falling to his chest.
Tony walked to the single king sized bed and he sat down at the edge seemingly lost in his phone as he typed away on it instead of looking at Steve.
He was asleep within seconds, and Steve wondered just how much these panic attacks took out of him.
Not to forget the hand shaped bruises all over his torso, when stane sees it he is not going to forgive Steve no matter what.
“Just because stane thinks that, it doesn’t mean we agree with him. Howard entrusted shield with his technology and he definitely would have entrusted his son to you.” Steve felt like an asshole now remembering how he had spent his afternoon thinking about his hands on the tony.
He missed Peggy, he missed Bucky but this was his second chance at making a difference and he was not going to waste it.
He let him drink the water and then reached to unbutton his pants and Tony squirmed unable to actually move because of the pain.
“Let’s go , come on” he said to Tony motioning him forward but Tony stood rooted in place playing with the Bill’s in his hand. Steve took two large steps towards him and guided him out to the car with a hand on the small of his back. Neither Steve nor Tony said anything as they drove back to shield. Tony’s cheeks still flushed and his gait was stiff as Steve walked him in towards the conference room and sat him down in a small office next to their room.
“You okay?” Steve asked for the first time noticing the bloody gash just at the border of hairline above his ear.
Steve shifted a little , scooting backwards until Tony was leaning on his chest, and he kept up a soothing rhythm as his hands ran up and down Tony's arms. Natasha pulled Tony’s shoes from his feet , followed by his socks and put them under the bed.
He kept it short not wanting to keep tony waiting , it was obvious Bruce knew something was up but Bruce respected others boundaries very well and never pried unless absolutely necessary. He really was glad Bruce was his friend.
"Jarvis,keep an eye on him please"Bruce said "of course, doctor"
Natasha scoffed ‘let me beat him?”
“I saw Tony with pepper and rhodey as well today morning.” What? Steve didn’t know if he should be mad or annoyed or concerned.
“I am only trying to help you tony" he said softly as he pulled out the leads attached to Tony’s chest and then removed the IV carefully capping the port. Only thing remaining was the nasal cannula and the Foley’s. Steve doubted tony even remembered that it was still there.
Natasha was holding her wrist close to her ,protecting it . She had sprained her left wrist and sported a gruesome bruise along her right jaw.
“Because I was worried”
“I think he has enough problems on his own, without me being there to complicate it.” He said sighing resignedly
“It’s cold" he whined quietly testing the water Steve rubbed his hand up and down his back gently waiting , not urging him anymore than he had to.
“Tony we need to talk about thi-"
“Hey, are these Steve’s tags?” she asked reaching for them , she tugged on the sheets to get then open and Steve scrambled to keep them above his waist while Tony told her how he got it
"What the hell!" He exclaimed, he was panting lightly ,his cheeks had gone a scarlett red that made Steve's heart tingle.
“is Bruce still not here?”tony asked again from his bed.
“Really, would that not be wrong?”
“Anthony Edward stark, ring any bells?” Steve froze for a solid three seconds, the lettuce and tomato falling right out of the bottom of his sandwich.
"tony we need take the reactor out, its more energy than your heart can handle!" Duh.
“I got you sweetheart, lay down for me okay?” He used one hand to push Tony back so he was laying down and Steve made sure to explain every part of what he was doing. Tony’s hands were shaking and he looked more and more uncomfortable by the second.
“Sorry, I am fine “ he tried reassuring him but Tony didn’t look convinced, in fact he was more concerned as he pulled back  looking at the other two
So far, Tony had insisted steve wait while he talks to Bruce about something science related. Then he had suddenly remembered he had forgotten something in his locker and left Steve sitting in his car while Tony ran (jogged slowly) to get his 'thing'.
Steve had completely forgotten that he was wearing his uniform, he didn’t want to lie anymore. Tony didn’t deserve it
“Why don't you close your eyes, sleep for a bit?”
Tony sighed his shoulders relaxing against Steve as he licked the last of the ice cream from the spoon.
"Maybe three hours" steve sucked in a sharp breath and Tony pulled away from him again wrapping his trembling fingers tightly below the chair.
“Do we have a name?”
“Think you can drink this for me?” Steve extended the opened water bottle towards him and he shook his head pushing it away and Steve carefully set the bottle down.
"Get some sleep, I will drop you home after okay?" Tony nodded, eyes still closed and snuggled closer to Steve. It was way too early for either of them to be in bed but if Steve's presence was what he needed to fall asleep then Steve would lay beside him the whole time.
“you are okay, baby" steve whispered kissing the top of his head. It broke Steve’s heart knowing when tony does wake up to all this medical equipment he was going to panic and that did nothing the quench the silent guilt creeping in.
“You okay?” he asked and Tony nodded ,but that was enough and he moved gently , pulling out and Tony whined and writhed underneath him as Steve pushed back inside nailing the spot in his first try.
“Get your own” he said smacking his shoulder and Steve grumbled as he walked over to grab a plate. He turned around at the excited gasped he heard from Tony to find him and Clint bent over something he couldn’t see from this angle.
It took a lot longer than Steve anticipated to get to the  balcony that overlooked the training fields outside.
“I want to see" he said adamantly pulling in Steve’s shirt and he finally caved , letting tony unbutton it.
“you know what I like about the reactor?”
“Yeah?” he asked turning to look at Tony as he stopped at a red signal
I Kissed him again "you did great babe" I told him. He whimpered and sagged in defeat as Bruce pulled the needle out and exclaimed "all done!"
“Because I love you" Steve said it back gripping Tony’s hand tighter in his own.
“Baby stop, hey look the water is getting cold. Do you want to take a cold bath?’ he said trying to get Tony to lose his underwear but that was just not happening.
“Good. Now how are we going to keep him here ?” now that was something they could manage.
“I should give you detention” he muttered and Tony smiled cheekily at him and Steve finally ran his hands through his freshly cut hair before leaning down to give him a kiss.
“you were so tired I didn’t want to trouble you and I couldn’t sleep because I kept thinking about what they did to you” sadness washed over him like a ton of bricks and he just held him tighter.
“sweetheart can I see if you are alright?” he asked tugging the comforter away from his body but Tony pushed his arms away trying to get away from him.
“Yeah?”
Steve held his breath “bucky?” tony shook his head
“Uh huh" Tony said
“My abs are unfortunately not for show today” he said . Steve was often in the gym in his free time. The coach and him had quiet the bond.
He gently ran his fingers across Tony’s abdomen shaking him in the process “wake up sweetheart”
confusion marred their faces just as it had Steve’s when he had first been asked about it.
He left early that morning to school ,it would be his last for a while. He could hear Tony whining about the substitute teacher in his head and he smiled sadly as he thought over how to inform him about the mission. He knew he couldn’t lie and tell him that shield needed him because there was no one else, he also didn’t know what to expect of Tony’s feelings towards him right now.  So he kept an open mind as he walked to his first class just as the bell rang.
“Honey, we discussed everything yesterday.”
“I don’t know. Maybe had the wrong address.” He answered as positively as possible.
Once he stopped and nothing more than bile was coming out , steve reached around him pulling him away from the closet.
“ I was not lying when I said I will always be there for you. All I am trying to do here is inform you that this is not going to be easy. I just want to give you an option here. This life, the avengers and shield it’s dangerous Tony. You are young, and I am worried that I am robbing you off the life you should be enjoying.”
“Give us a minute" steve requested to the spies and nat rolled his eyes at him  before muttering about getting them food before they both left, clint keeping silent throughout the whole exchange.
“Suit yourself. Is the kid okay? He was such a wreck Steve. How did he get involved at all?”
“Good , I think" he said and then he bit his lip for good measure before saying, “definitely good"
"only if I get to pick the movie" I said, as I debated the risk of pouring myself some coffee in front of an angry Steve. maybe I can ask dummy to get some down at the lab.
Steve rocked his hips upwards and Tony gasped  and let out an obscene sound that Steve would never forget. He unzipped his pants to release his own aching member
Steve picked up a bag that Clint had told was for him and headed in the direction if their room.
“Happy now?” He asked and tony nodded, smiling as he stared in awe at Steve. “good, we have a lot to discuss but I want you to sleep for a bit first” tony shook his head immediately trying to get up.
“I’ll wear it only tonight,” he said as they both left the room to meet natasha who was waiting with a packed bag for Tony. The rest of them already had their things at shield. Steve was grateful that shield had the equipment to do this at the base, it would help keep his nerves better than if they were at some unknown hospital.
"Can you look at me? Please" tony looked up , steve could see the tremble now taking over his shoulders.
"steeeeeve" he whined reaching out to grab for me but I was already out of reach. I turned my back to him and started walking towards the stairs and I told him without turning back "its movie night, if you want to claim any popcorn you better be quick"
“its your turn now, mr.odinson.”
“Can’t! not like this. Cant let my first time be like this “ he said quietly looking down.
Is this any better from the first attempt at this story?
Tony was standing near the bed, swaying actually ,as he waved his arms around frantically trying to keep the two doctors around him away. It seemed like they were trying to force an oxygen mask on him and Steve could see why. He was hyperventilating, and looked terrified as they finally got him to sit down.
And more than that I was afraid tony was going to seriously compromise on taking care of himself one of these days.
“Actually I am sorry for pushing you , but honey are you alright?” he asked starting to worry a little as Tony’s face paled
“Please tell me he is not naked” she asked but sat down anyway and Steve pulled the covers up higher to Tony’s chin.
“Honey I need to make sure it’s not something serious" he said gently and gave him a kiss on his pale lips.
"How much have you had to drink?" Tony was looking more and more uneasy by the second
There was a three week mission waiting for Steve just as natasha had promised. But first he needed to solve his dispute with Tony because he knew no matter how much he needed this getaway it wouldn’t bring him any peace if he left things with Tony the way he did last morning. He hadn’t seen his young lover since last morning and he had been feeling like shit all day. Bucky on the other hand had been very happy to hear that Steve for once would be selfish and do what he needed for himself. He didn’t Often visit Bucky,  but when he did he was glad to see his friend was slowly coming back to himself. There were nights when Bucky would call him and sound so devastated on the phone when he remembered the things he had done to innocent people under the influence of the winter soldier. Steve would ask him he needed him to come over but Bucky never allowed it , he was still afraid of hurting people . He didn’t believe in his own self control yet and Steve needed a way to prove to him that he can.
“Shit.” He said matter of factly as he quickly tried to grab his books from the floor.
“Is he alright now?” he asked wondering if maybe he shouldn’t have brought the fancy (and also apparently very expensive) chocolate mousse cups for him as an apology.
Bruce muttered his goodnights and left
His friends were casting worried glances at him every now and then. There was a moment when Steve thought Tony had fallen asleep , but he noticed Tony’s fingers clenching and unclenching around his pencil.
“I thought, maybe you and me can go for a jog tonight?” tony snorted at him like he had just said the most ridiculous thing to him and shoved shoes back inside the box.
Tony’s whole body jerked as Steve tasted him, licked a wide stripe along the under side of his cock and he screamed out “red! Steve redd please red" and steve pulled away immediately controlling his own breathing as he watched Tony tether on panic.
Well, at least he went to the nurse. If not anything ,Steve knew he was being looked after by someone “see? there was an upside to going to the nurse after all” Steve commented , folding his hands over his desk.
Tony didn’t seem perturbed by it but both clint and Steve froze at the little exchange.
“I need a verbal answer Tony” he said his fingers now tracing the outside of Tony’s calf muscles.
“Sorry, I am really sorry” he murmured into Steve’s shirt clutching at his waist.
“I have been stressed lately and  running helps me. I thought you would join me this once" at this Tony’s suspicion reduced and he instead said “I have my own shoes, you didn’t have to buy me these” and this time Steve was the one doing the snorting
“Don’t you dare,-"
“Steve you moron, we need you on 66th now. I am so tired of this doombot shit" steve cringed at her language
“That’s just it, I am not. I can’t help myself around him Clint, I see him and I think this boy is going to be the death of me.”
“Steve where are we going? What the hell?” he exclaimed as Steve’s grip tightened around his wrist
Even if steve did know what it was like to be that age he was still disappointed with Tony for having roped in his friends.
“What happened? Is he okay?” she asked slightly out of breath as she held up a small device that had Tony’s vitals on it.
How had steve slept through this? He ran his hand over his face, clearing the weariness out of his mind as Tony whined and twisted more seeking Steve’s warmth ,but when he didn’t find it, he tucked both his arms between his chest and the bed and settled again.
“Woah, steve stop. It’s not their fault , its nobody’s fault! I figured it out  and it’s going to be okay" Tony’s voice wavered at the end like he was second guessing himself
“yes?”
“Steve calm down, we are on it" clint said as he sat down face in palms. Nat gave him a little nudge with her good foot and he looked up
“natasha said we should meet her at some café she’s at. It’s not far from here"
“How long was I out?” he asked nat his movements sluggish as he readjusted his grip on Tony only then realizing the shower had stopped.
“Its almost morning, I will sit with you until you fall asleep okay?” He told him as he settled on top of the covers and Tony opened his mouth like he wanted to argue but finally conceded and muttered another “sorry" before he reached out to hold Steve’s hand as tightly as possible afraid that Steve will leave before closing his eyes.
He speaks that last word like it’s poisonous and Fury needs to take a moment to sit down because he is totally unequipped to handle this situation.
“Oh yeah,” Tony teases. “Did you see me put the Babe Ruth up there for you too?”
Fury took one more look at the smashed remants on the floor and Thor’s flailing arms that were just about to smash Mjolnir down onto the poor, broken contraption before he yelled, “Just what is going on here?”
“Give it a few minutes and the next time you light the fire it won’t go out,” she whispers delicately, grabbing Bruce by the hand and pulling him back to the couch with her as she moves away from the fireplace.
everywhere they go, so Fury’s still confused why that’s the question he blurted out. It’s been a long day. It takes him a few minutes of silence to collect his thoughts.
“Steve?” Tony calls as he walks into their room. “Steve, I’m home and honestly a little disappointed that it was Betty who greeted me after being away for two weeks.”
“Awww apple muffin, you do care!” And as exaggerated as his sickly-sweet tone is, Tony is genuinely touched that Rhodey cares. That he walked through a blizzard for Tony. That he searched a desert for him. That he put up with him was he was an awkward, obnoxious fifteen-year-old stumbling through MIT. They’re long-term warm and fuzzies.
Steve tilts his head at Tony in confusion, laughing a little uncertainly. “Tony, what are-?”
“Excuse me!” he screams and they break apart so quickly it’s comical. Fury is almost disappointed that he’s so angry that he can’t properly revel in Stark’s deer in the headlights look.
Fury took a deep breath and decided to let it go. He hadn’t even come to talk to Barton. But neither Stark nor Rogers were around and he didn’t hear or see any signs of fighting so he decided to let it slide. He had other projects to deal with.
He hears the ding of the elevator and he hopes that it’s Natasha or Clint for the sake of his sanity and his temper.
“Oh,” Tony says his voice empty and echoing in the hall. “Well. That’s good to hear.”
Natasha’s question was a red flag, but Clint’s quickly suppressed look of amusement is a glaring, flashing warning sign that something is afoot. Tony walks closer to look over Natasha’s shoulder and Clint raises his hands in a defensive gesture.
, Tony mouths and Steve’s resentment, his anger, his pain all seem petty in light of this. He feels it all melt away and he nods, slips off his cowl, and says “Me too.”
Tony just grumbles some more.
They’ve faced a lot of terrible, frightening, horrifying things together as a team. But every horror they’ve faced pales in comparison to this. Getting the call to go wrangle Bruce, still Hulked-out and out of his mind with fury as Betty hangs over the side of some scaffolding broken and pale, is the hardest thing they’ve ever done. They just barely keep the army at bay, leading the Hulk into a wide-open field in the evacuated park and talking to him until he shifts back into Bruce. When they run over to him he’s shaking and weeping profusely, his balled up fists pressed into his eyes. Steve can barely stand to see such raw anguish on his teammate’s face and can’t even imagine what it must be like for Tony to see one of his closest friends like this. He meet’s Tony’s eyes as Thor undoes his cape and wraps it around Bruce and all he sees is sorrow and regret.
“You know perfectly well what I said,” Tony continues once they’re settled.
“Just tell me!” Tony screams and Steve can’t take it anymore.
“No, Tony, no it doesn’t,” Steve fights, because that’s what Steve always does when his back up against the wall. “I know that I pushed too far last time but that’s not how it always is and you know it. I love you. I love you so much, Tony, I-”
“You sleeping over tonight?”
“Orange,” Tony huffs as he wanders back into the living area where Steve is perched on his bench, playing with oil colors in an attempt to get just the right shade. “You must love it.”
Somewhere in the back of his mind, a voice that sounds suspiciously like someone he used to know, pops up and says tauntingly,
He hadn’t expected Tony to be there, sprawled across him and clutching him in his sleep while Steve ran his fingers through his hair, but he isn’t surprised either. He’d heard Tony’s anguished screams through the comm earlier, when they’d all thought the worst. He doubted anyone had the heart to deny him this.
And all Tony Stark can do is think
He’s at the door in an instant, practically throwing himself on the knob and flinging himself inside. “What’s the matter? Are you hu-?”
are still there. But he doesn’t feel the urge to drown himself in it anymore.
“Which isn’t untrue!” Betty adds.
“I- I, uh…” He can’t. There are no words for how not okay this is.
Tony just laughs. “It’s so stupid, you know? ‘Cause I’ve done this. I did this and failed. It flopped. It crashed and burned miserably. And I said ‘No, nope. Never again. You weren’t meant for this, Stark.’ Yet here, I am!”
Steve’s honestly grateful for the out. He’s not sure he could take post-anesthesia Tony wrecking his emotions for much longer. He pulls away from Tony, even as he whines and fusses as the nurses try to take his pulse.
“And I assure you I won’t,” Steve interjects, though Tony still barrels on.
Apparently Clint has a larger emotional range than Tony gives him credit for, because he excuses himself from the situation quickly, saying that he’s going to go check on Nat and Thor. Tony doesn’t honestly hear even half of what he says because before he’s even gone Steve is swinging in front of Tony to grab both of his hands.
just the way that he is?
By the time August rolls through, hot and muggy, Steve still aches and he thinks he might just always be a little heartbroken over Tony Stark. But it’s manageable and life trudges on.
Steve isn’t deterred by her warnings though. This past week has been a roller coaster of emotions and he needs to see Tony, no matter how loopy he is.
Steve’s lungs are burning and his knuckles ache. He’s pretty sure that they’re bleeding underneath his hand wraps. He knows that this isn’t exactly healthy behavior but he figures it’s better than screaming at the top of his lungs like he’s been tempted to do lately.
For once in his life Tony just makes it easy. He takes post-anesthesia Tony’s advice.
Steve most definitely does not twirl. In fact he just buries his face further into his hand and thanks God that Natasha went with Thor to the vending machines because he knows that she’d never let him live down how red he’s turning.
so freely that I wonder how I ever did it without you.” He watches as the tears slowly pool in Steve’s eyes and overflow but Steve only clutches him tighter and looks at him with a look that is so intense that it bores into his soul and all the things he thought he’d never say aloud come pouring out. “You are the stutter in my heart and the fire in my veins and the joy in my soul and I vow to never take that for granted. I vow to protect you with all that I’ve got. I vow to always make you laugh, even when you don’t want to. Especially when you don’t want to.” Tony’s heart leaps in delight when Steve actually laughs a little. “And most of all, I vow to always try to be worthy of your love.”
Steve’s obviously teasing him and Tony falls right into his trap, grumbling “The man should’ve stayed dead if he was just going to come back to flirt with my boyfriend.”
“See! You even agree that they were excellent cookies!”
“’Morning,” Tony mumbles into Steve’s shoulder as he begins to slowly wake up.
Steve had picked a few issues to throw the weight of his influence behind in his downtime. Whenever he wasn’t actively on a mission he was out working on promoting vaccinations, funding ROTC programs, and fixing the giant mess that was the VA.
Steve has tried to apologize to their teammates in the aftermath of their blowouts, those times when the flames leap and jump and explode in their faces, and they never accept his apologies. Clint had put it best, once saying that “Steve and Tony wouldn’t be
Steve rolls his eyes again, albeit a little more affectionately this time around. “How am I not even a little surprised?”
“Ye of little faith!” Tony cries and Steve knows that it’s a done deal.
“I tried to warn him,” Steve says. Steve had tried to hint to Thor that maybe it wasn’t the best idea to come and bring Jane along on their group picnic in Central Park after her impromptu visit.  It hadn’t gone over well.
“This is Betty, Steve,” Tony says, making quick introductions as Steve takes the seat between him and Betty. “Betty this is Steve.”
They fight. They laugh. They all start to move on.
in a very long time.
“Barton!” he yelled, causing the agent to turn towards him with a vaguely interested look.
He opens a window to get rid of the stale smell and turns on the light. It looks vaguely less empty in the light but a thousand times more lonely. He tries to hang up his clothes but his hands are shaking too hard. He can’t do anything but fall onto the bed and bury his head in his hands.
“And you’ve put together a harem, by the way, in reaction to my torrid affair. But your main squeeze is none other than Justin Hammer.”
They’ve done an awful lot in the past year. They’ve thrown themselves in the line of fire for one another, they’d laughed together, hugged and kissed, fucked and made love, but never had they said that to one another.
One half of the kitchen is perfectly normal. Bruce, Natasha, and Clint are sitting around the kitchen table eating breakfast quietly. It’s a scene Tony’s witnessed plenty of times. But then he turns his head.
By this point Fury was pinching the bridge of his nose, trying desperately to keep that pesky throbbing vein in check. But sometimes these, for lack of a better word,
The stars are bright and visible in the absence of the blinding lights below and Tony’s not even sure that he’s ever seen this many stars over Manhattan before.
He didn’t expect to walk in on Barton doing his target practice with a bullseye right above where Banner sat reading.
“Good ol’ SHIELD wants to switch over to clean energy,” Tony says, lifting his hand to show off some rolled up blueprints. “I tried to send Pepper over with the schematics but Fury demanded to see me in person. I really think he’s just trying to annoy me at this point. He made a pun about keeping his eye on me. I mean, really, that just lacks creativity at this stage in our relationship.”
He’s still so in love with Tony that it hurts. It still feels like a fresh, open wound, like he’s missing a limb. He doesn’t want to be doing this. He wants to bring his stuff back upstairs where it belongs, where he belongs. He wallows for a good few minutes before he collects himself and turns the doorknob.
He threw a casual, “Hey, Fury.” Over his shoulder and sent another arrow flying towards his target.
“Come now,” Thor says, cutting in before Clint can start defending his truly deep and expressive soul to Tony. “It is a tale of love and sacrifice. You of all people should be able to appreciate it.”
Steve is all Tony can see, and Tony is at peace as Steve continues to skate them gently backward. His expression is warm and impossibly fond and he doesn’t need to say a word but when he does all he says is “I love you.”
century movies.”
Steve stiffens yet again and Tony knows it’s bad when Steve opens his mouth to answer him without even looking away from the television.
Tony groans and takes his hand out of Steve’s to slap it over Steve’s smiling mouth before he can continue any further. “Please dear God, never use those words again.”
“Is this some sort of horrible nightmare?” Stark asks.
“I’m on my way,” Steve grunted through the phone. “You know I’ll be there.”
thing is driving him nuts. He’s never been so grateful for the Super Serum before, as if he had to do this for months he might just go insane.
“Oh, the list is about a million items long now,” Tony says, looking at Steve like he’s crazy for thinking that Tony could ever think that Steve’s favorite color was the
“Really? How fucking lame,” Clint says and Bruce lets out a muffled chuckle.
“Hey! Pot, kettle-” Tony interrupts. Steve keeps going.
He slid out the chair wordlessly, intent on heading back to where he came from when Thor spoke.
“What?” Phil says, honestly shocked. “I thought it was good.”
Betty tries to change the subject by saying, “Well, I’m sure they’ll work it out one way or another,” in a chipper tone, “Now come eat!”
Tony lets out a sigh of relief that is just a touch too obvious judging by the way Steve looks at him like he’s suddenly sprouted three heads. “It’s so great,” he says, scrambling for a cover. “The Caravaggio, I mean.”
Tony stays stubbornly where he is.
“Uh,” Steve says, shuffling his feet and moving around the plates on the tray to grab a sketchpad that had been hidden underneath a sandwich. “I was actually hoping that I could stay and sketch, maybe?”
They’ve been doing this for almost two years now and this is just always how it’s been. They love each other for a million different reasons but Tony is still volatile, still sarcastic, still too biting and Steve is still stubborn, still just as sarcastic, and still too rigid at times and that’ll probably never change.
Steve looks so repulsed Tony can’t hold back his laugh. “Is that the one you walked out of?”
“Well if you ever do, I’d be open to discussion because I promise that I’ll always be down for anything with you until I physically can’t get it up anymore. And at that point I demand that you just take me out back and shoot me.”
And now Tony knows he’s teasing him because he never brings up the Kiss the Cap apron unless he’s poking fun at him.
The hospital is dimly lit and loud as ever. It reeks of antiseptic and anxiety and the hundreds of crappy reproductions of Impressionist masterpieces make Steve want to puke more than they soothe him. But Pepper sits in the midst of the chaos looking surer than ever about Steve’s fate with her
Even after all these years, sometimes Tony is still overwhelmed by what the world sees when they look at his husband. A living legend, a war hero, the man who flew a jet into the ocean to save the world and woke up seventy years later just to do it again. Sometimes people look at Steve like they look at Thor. Like he’s otherworldly, set above and apart from them.
But then Tony comes home and he sees what the world doesn’t see. What he will selfishly hoard for himself for the rest of his days.  Steve’s bare toes flex on the tile kitchen floor, a sign that he probably regrets not putting on sock to go with his worn, grey sweat pants. His bangs, just a little too long, fall into his eyes as he focuses on his task.
Life, despite everything, goes on.
“I know you do,” Tony says, the fight and the heat having left him completely. Now he just looks lost and sad. “But that’s the problem. We’re destroying each other, Steve.”
Tony frowns but knows better than to try and push for more answers. He just nods and mutters “Fair enough.”
“Really?” Tony says, clearly disappointed and Steve fights off the feeling of rejection. There’s no use getting hurt at something someone as out of it as Tony is has to say. It doesn’t make it sting any less.
With the cat out of the bag, it also means no one’s trying to keep any uncomfortable secrets, so team get togethers are more frequent. All in all, Tony can almost pretend that a building had never collapsed with Steve still inside and Steve never lost his memory.
His voice comes out smaller than he’d like as he waits for Tony’s reaction, a few moments’ silence feeling like an eternity.
at least some truth to his words. There must be.
“Sure.”
Steve pulls back and runs a hand over his face. He feels exhausted, but sleep, as always, remains elusive.
T’ny takes back his initial assessment, that their gaze is not as sharp as a Knotovian’s. The blue eyes that are looking back at him are full of intent, equal parts curious and wary and clouded with something heavy..
He’s knocked out of these thoughts when Thor gives him a reassuring thud on the back.
“JARVIS said he detected some nanites on the quantum sensors. Usually Sam’s pretty good with mechanics, but he mentioned you had a way to speed things up a bit?”
Steve lets out a half-strangled laugh as Natasha moved away, down the corridor towards the kitchen. Of course. Natasha was right, and so was Thor. It was just that what he and Tony were doing – it was different. Steve had never been in a serious relationship and Tony had never been in one with someone he actually cared about, so it was new territory for both of them. Steve frowned to himself as he continued onto his room. Much as he didn’t want to fuck this up, he knew now he couldn’t lose sight of everything – and every
“Well, have you thought that’s maybe a compliment? I mean, he got his soulmark because he was trying to fuck off and get away from you during an argument and you grabbed his shoulder so you could have the last word. And after that, you started arguing again and then you got your soulmark because you tried to fuck off and get away from him and he grabbed your wrist so he could have the last word. Or something, I wasn’t there.
“Of course.”
“Still sucks.”
“Thor has a point, you know.” And he does, he knows. Natasha continues. “Besides, if Tony was that easy to get rid of, I’d have done it last week when he ate the last of the Belgian chocolate ice cream.”
“Ugh, don’t. Are we seriously the only ones not getting it on here? Even the cat and dog look pretty cosy together.” Then he frowns. “Hey, how do you think they-”
Steve fidgets before he can make himself look Tony in the eye.
With the Tower empty, Steve finds himself wandering down to Tony’s workshop for the first time since he’s woken up. Tony’s told him he used to sketch down here sometimes. Presumably, he won’t mind him doing the same now.
Steve stares into his husband’s eyes, dark and desperate, and he finds himself nodding. “Of course. I promise.”
Steve isn’t sure why Tony hasn’t told him yet. Sam had told him his soulmate would reveal himself soon, but it’s been almost over a week and still, Tony hasn’t said a word.
“That was great, thank you.” He reaches up to run his hand through Tony’s hair, dotting it with breadcrumbs as he does. “Would have been better with waffle,  though.”
The elevator doors open and Steve isn’t prepared for the sounds of laughter and happy conversation that meet him.
“How is he?”
Steve can see Tony open his mouth to argue and hurries on before he loses his nerve.
Steve tilts his head at him, resting one of his great paws on the edge on the tub. Tony watches as water drips down the side before sighing and grabbing a towel to wash the dirt from the proffered paw.
He hears Tony hum to himself and watches as he does several lazy somersaults. He reaches a hand out and Tony flies closer, taking his hand and getting them slowly around, mindful of the restrictions of the safety tether.
Another moment and the entire team takes a step back in horror as the door is ripped forcibly from its hinges.
(Steve’s mom’s medical bills, funeral costs, college fees and now all that on top of the debt Tony’s acquired in his endeavour to pull them out of their current situation. Arc Inc. has potential; he knows it and he’s pretty sure the dozens of investors who’ve turned him down know it, too. A shame Howard can afford so many bribes.)
Steve gets up in front of the crowds, performs for them at his husband’s funeral and when he takes his seat again, his are the only dry eyes in the place.
They head off together down the hall, still chatting about whatever.
He’s saved from decision making when Nat hops off the table and pulls him by the wrist, bright eyes betraying her amusement at the whole situation.
“You sure?”
“I’m sorry.”
Tony finds Steve sitting hunched over on the workshop floor, head clutched in his hands and surrounded by distressingly familiar documents and pictures.
Steve grabs the other man’s wrist. Tony attempts to pull himself out of the hold as he reaches forward, dull eyes focused on the control panel of the dimension portal he and Sam had been working on. Steve wraps his other hand around Tony’s waist, hauling him away from the machine as gently as he can.
Steve steps back, pacing back and forth while Sam does his thing.
It’s not the same.
“God, Steve, I’m so sorry, I should have told you.”
Later, they have their own service, for family. Steve doesn’t say anything this time, but Rhodes does and Natasha does and Pepper. Their eyes are puffy and Pepper’s are red and Rhodes’ are bloodshot and still, Steve balls his hands into fists and does not cry.
“The usual?” Steve asks. He was still getting used to a stranger apparently knowing him better than he knew himself.
Steve wanders with his newfound realisation.
Tony moves over to him then, murmuring his thanks and pressing kisses along his neck and jaw until Steve feels the Avenjet slowly come to a standstill. He frowns and looks up.
“I haven’t, actually. Read the files.”
He feels Tony smile into his neck, feels his words vibrate through him, his entire being.
After the water gurgles down the drain, Tony manages to towel the water out of Steve’s fur before Steve wriggles out of his grasp and darts out of the en suite, bounding up onto their bed and plonking himself down to bury his snout under a pillow. Tony, knowing from past experience that there is no moving a super werewolf who’s decided he’s had enough, peels off his own water-soaked clothes and quickly rubs a towel across himself. He pads out into their bedroom, pulling on one of Steve’s t-shirts from the drawer and joining his furry form in their bed. He curls around the massive beast beside him. He may snore like the devil, but hell, Tony wouldn’t trade it for anything.
The first that Tony registers is a loud noise down the hall, a
Clint raises his mug in commiseration. “Still sucks.”
“Oh, Steve.”
Tony downs the last of his coffee and heads off in the direction of his workshop.
Relief washes over him as the decision is taken out of his hands when Bruce looks behind him, brow furrowing as he takes in Tony’s position on the bed. Bruce moves closer, hands hovering above Tony as he examines his struggling form.
, he knows sometimes friends keep things from each other. Most times, it’s a perfectly acceptable thing to do, however, he hadn’t ever expected something quite this – furry.
When the Avengers trudge back into the Tower, the sun is starting to crawl over the horizon and they’re greeted by a decidedly naked Steve Rogers. Right. Because for three nights a month, Steve spends his time as a Capwolf, shredding any clothes he’s wearing to pieces because his body physically turns into a wolf. God. How is this real?
“Bruce!” Sam exclaims, taking Bruce’s elbow to help steady him.
, Tony doesn’t understand, he’s not-
The Terran looks around themselves again.
“Good morning, sir. It is currently 9:11 AM and you are in Captain Rogers’ living room. The captain is currently on his morning run.”
“Tony, it’s-
“Do you trust me?”
That strange Terran man who still can’t fly a craft to save his life.
So far there has been no movement detected, despite scanners finding very definite signs of life within the contraption. Tony gestures to the team below him to move out as he climbs down the wall to join them.
for their second anniversary together.
“Thor,” Nat pipes up “Would you be able to see if Asgard knows anything about this? Maybe there’s a device that can send them back.”
“Jesus, Steve. You know not everything’s your fault, right? And just because I’m- sad, doesn’t mean you have to take the blame. You hating yourself for something completely out of your control doesn’t make me feel better, weirdly enough.” Tony steps back and Steve allows himself to be tugged back over to the sofa. “Wilson told me weeks ago that I had to tell you, because you had a right to know and you shouldn’t have had to figure it out by yourself. Don’t ever tell him I said this, but he was right. Was I feeling shitty? Yeah, of course; my amazingly perfect soulmate didn’t know who I was anymore, but I still should have manned up and told you, because you deserve that at the very least.”
He doesn’t even know why it’s so hard, although a voice inside him that sounds suspiciously like Pepper says something about “debilitating self-esteem problems” and “trouble accepting that he deserves happiness”.
He examines the drawings first. There’s little doubt that they’re his and he realises with a jolt of surprise that they’re good. Not professional – he can see the messy line work and where his shading is just a tad too dark, but still. Not as bad as he remembers. He moves on to the dossier next. He only means to glance at the attached photo, unsure of whether the contents are for him to see, but up close, he can see the photo shows a somewhat blurry image of a figure with shaggy dark hair, a mask covering his lower face and a metal arm. Steve freezes, suddenly assaulted by images of this man with his shield gripped in his metal hand, of him and Natasha in hand-to-hand combat, the feeling of falling and water filling his lungs. He stumbles forward and rips the dossier in half in his haste to open it.
“Oh, well, if that’s the case-” Tony shifts onto his back and smiles up at him and when Steve kisses him, he tastes like coffee and bacon and
It’s late when it happens, maybe one or two in the morning. Tony’s been in the communal kitchen, drinking warm milk instead of coffee because Steve’s bad habit of at least
He still does not sleep, but for the first time this century, he rests.
“I like experiences,” Steve agrees “I like experiences on Earth too, maybe in our bedroom with just the two of us for the evening.”
Maybe he got breakfast with one of them. Bruce tended to be an early riser and a big fan of the matcha pancakes down on 86th.
There’s a pause before Fury sighs again, muttering resignedly “You had better come in, Stark.”
One of the guards approaches the craft and raps gently on the outside and after a brief pause, T’ny hears something inside the craft hiss and moan before the door opens a to reveal a sliver of light.
Steve pulls on the gloves and helmet, startling when the comm in his ear comes to life.
But tonight, tonight, they have each other and a world of peace.
“No,” Steve says slowly, a horrible feeling like he was missing a key piece in the puzzle forming in his gut. “I just- are the Commandos not around here anymore?”
Steve finds himself nodding slowly, more genuine an action than any he has performed for centuries and feels himself smile for the first time in longer.
Seven hundred years.
“Sam, it’s okay, I understand. This must be hard for them, too.”
Almost.
“I don’t- I know I said you have a right to know, but I think they also have a right to be the one to tell you.”
“Heard that one before.”
“—to make up for.”
He turns to Steve as he starts his own halting explanations, about how one of the serum’s unforeseen side effects was a textbook (or, Tony supposed, fantasy-book) case of lycanthropy.
Steve turns back towards the sofa, pulling Tony with him. He settles back down, Tony nestled against his side and can only smile when he looks down not five minutes later to find the other man sound asleep.
The past week, he’s been building up to this, or trying to, at least. Interacting with his team – his friends – all without his usual context, and then regaining that context...
“What we have means a lot to me, and I should have told you. I was scared that you’d-” Steve swallows as he forces the words out and Tony feels something in his chest ache. “-that this would be too much. I should have known better – known you better. I’m sorry. I’m grateful that you seem so ready to accept this, but I understand if you need time and space to adjust.”
“And he deserves to have you tell him, instead of hearing it from one of us or having to figure it out himself. If you want, me or one of the others can be there. Moral support and all.”
“I get why you didn’t tell us. It’s not exactly something any of us were expecting.”
“Well,” Tony waves the StarkPad. “No time like the present.”
Dead?
Their first holiday together is a year after their wedding. They rent a mobile home, and for a week they live in isolated bliss – Tony free of the Stark name and both able to forget the mounting debt that’s on the verge of suffocating them.
“Jarvis says he inhaled some nanites, they’re being used to control him,” Steve responds, “Sam, are you able to get them out?”
Tomorrow, their plans and preparations of two years will come to fruition or they will not.
Steve is still staring as the waiter walks away.
Steve grunts in response. The back of his head feels like someone hit him with a truck, which, he supposes, someone sort of did.
“Nah, you just eat a lot.”
He pushes himself up from the edge of the mobile house and joins Steve on the sand, resting his head on Steve’s shoulder as they gaze out at the setting sun.
He takes a moment, then:
“It’s- it’s perfect actually. Thank you.”
“’Cause it’s true. Might even jog his memory. Even if it doesn’t, at least he knows he has another friend.”
“Not bad, huh?”
“It’s not your fault.”
Tony pulls it out of the box, turning it over in his hands and running his eyes over it curiously.
“You said this was a standard op?”
In turn, he shares stories of the Commandos. They seem modest, silly even, in comparison, yet people still cheer as he recounts their victories and listen in somber silence to their losses.
There’s a moment of silence as Fury takes in this new information, mild interest settling across his features. Then he sighs and opens up the files in front of him and starts the most batshit crazy explanation Tony’s ever heard in his life.
want to – you have too much of a sweet tooth as it is and Pepper says I need to stop being such an enabler.”
“I did,” he murmurs, looking out at the greens and golden yellows and bright blues that surround them.
Steve pushes himself off the door and walks into the room, the door sliding soundlessly shut behind him. He pulls off his shirt, his belt, shoes and shimmies out of the trousers, laughing when he looks up to see T’ny watching him wiggle inelegantly.
When the sun starts to set, a weariness sinks into his bones as acceptance crashes over him. He steels himself to return to Tony and leave this life behind for good. He passes through the town that sits in the same place they fought on that fateful day.
Tony looks over at Steve and his heart aches at how much younger Steve looks as he stares at the yachts on the sea. It doesn’t escape Tony’s notice that Steve works more than he can keep up with and that he carries guilt he has no business carrying. No matter how upset Tony had been that last night with Howard, it's not Steve's job to fix it. Tony wishes he could just get that through his head.
Tony’s voice comes through the comm again, soft and easy.
Whatever they are, they look Knotovian. They bear no extra appendages or different markings, as many of the visitors to Knotov have.
Tony keeps smiling down at him, because somehow Steve has ended up curled with his head on Tony’s lap.
“No, JARVIS was just telling me that when I was catching up before, I watched movies to help. Thought it might be helpful to try it again. Plus, it might jog some memories. You’re welcome to join me.”
“Tony-” he starts before Tony holds up his hand to stop him.
The Terran’s brow scrunches in confusion.
Soon after, he feels Tony’s breaths even out as he drifts off. The steady rhythm has his own eyes feeling heavy and he settles deeper into the couch.
On their wedding day, they promised each other in sickness and in health, till death do them part.
The first time Tony Stark sees Steve Rogers is at a party he doesn’t want to be at, with people he wishes he didn’t know. Tony is more than a little tipsy and lonelier than he’d ever admit, so he stumbles up to Mr. Handsome and grins salaciously at him, trailing fingers down his broad chest.
He smiles at the now familiar greeting and cranes his head to look up at Steve, who stands against the doorframe, thumbs hooked casually on his utility belt.
(It doesn’t go better next time. Next time, Howard pulls Tony aside and gives him an ultimatum: Stop dragging the Stark name through the dirt or be cut off from all Stark resources. It’s not a choice.)
“I’m not a child!” Steve growls. He starts to unwrap his hands, letting the tape flutter into the trash as he yanks it off his hands.
At some stage, he becomes aware of Tony’s frantic tones and Bruce’s frustrated voice, but it’s just more noise among the chaos inside his head and he can’t grasp onto it. At some stage, he feels something cool against his forehead and opens his eyes to a blurry figure with a shock of red hair next to him. Natasha squeezes his hand and he drifts away again.
He looks up from where he’s watching Tony pull off the lid, wanting to see his reaction. Truthfully, the gift had been a little rushed as he’d completely underestimated how much time it would take to complete. Nonetheless it wasn’t too bad, if Steve said so himself, it was even quite good.
The sun peeks through the curtains, the strip of light falling across the bed and across Steve’s exposed calf. The blankets lie bunched at the end of the bed and a crease mars Steve’s brow. Tony pushes himself up off the bed, pulling the covers back over Steve’s sleeping form before tugging on a red silk robe.
Steve lets out a stunned huff of breath, before picking up his knife and fork.
“Cheers, Clark.”
Tony rubs a hand over his face. Yeah, he feels like shit because his soulmate can’t remember who he was or their last three years together, but Steve didn’t even know who his soulmate was and he was trying to adjust to a whole new century. Objectively speaking, one of them did sort of have it worse. Distantly, he heard his inner Rhodey say something about not dismissing his own feelings, but he ignored it. Steve needed help, and that was something Tony could provide.
They hesitate and Tony turns to see anxiety flood through them as they realise they have little choice but to follow. They move cautiously up next to him and look around at the team flanking them, tranqs now held at resting.
Worth it. Tony is still worth it.
“Hey.”
“Gosh, Tony, that’s so nice of you, thank you so much.”
The kids look up at him, brows creased.
Steve doesn’t turn around, doesn’t glance in the rear-view mirror – he just drives. Whatever his regrets may be – going behind Tony’s back to his father of all people for help, ending it the way they had, letting Tony think he was just another mercenary prick after his money – he was still glad. Everything the past few years had brought – his mother’s death, the money problems, majority of which were his own, and most recently Bucky-
This is what he and Bucky had imagined the future to be like.
“Listen, Steve, I’m just telling you this because you have a right to know and because you’ll find out anyway, but about your soulmate-”
“Are you kidding me?! I saved their life!”
“Jarvis, can you tell me what happened yesterday? What exactly is going on with Tony?”
"Steve. Let me come."
So, here comes where I explain some things.
“Steve...I.”
I shut the alarm off and lay an arm around my sweetheart. I gently pulled the stressed baby closer and tried to soothe him.
Steve growled louder. “Don´t look at my omega.” He took some more steps and his growl increased in volume. If someone didn´t act fast, this situation would end very badly, with a possible code green.
As I had no proper chair yet I let Tony stay on my lap.
I nearly passed out as I finally released without my cock even having been touched. I wasn´t completely aware of how Steve dried and dressed me and praised me throughout everything.
We sat back down on the couch and ate the sandwiches in silence. After that we  watched a movie. I kept staring at Steve. It´s just been two months since he came out of the ice and since then he didn´t really had much time to adapt or work trough it. Maybe I should talk to him about seeing a therapist. It must be hard on a person to lose everything.
Clint was the first one to say something. “So you and Tony.”
“When I started cooking. I stopped for some minutes to check on you and you started clinging onto me and didn´t let go.”
“I´m sorry.”
“C´mon Tony, just tonight.” He said friendly.
"What did he do?"
Stop!
My cock was still in the cick ring and I tried to grab it but Steve grabbed my hand and pinned them down over my hand.
“That´s gonna be so much fun.”
“You aren´t flying the suit! You can´t give me orders! I know when to take chances!”
It was friday night, movie night, and the team was sitting on and around the couch. As soon as I sat down Tony crawled into my lap what gave me the opportunity to pet and cradle him. He didn't seem to mind it at all and already started drifting off.
I narrowed my eyes. "Traitor."
Jarvis told me that Tony hadn´t slept this entire time, exactly what I´d planned. Even tough the thought of him not caring about himself again made me feel kinda sick.
“Stop it!” He grabbed my hand and held onto it. I tried to pull it back but there wasn´t enough room and he had an iron grip. “Start acting like a grown up.”
He woke up to the same man jumping out of the bed and before Steve could say anything Tony already left the room, leaving him alone. Steve should have seen it coming. It was clear that as soon as Tony was out of his headspace he would panic and run away. The mechanic wasn´t used to letting someone so close as he normally covered most of his emotions and needed a lot of time to feel somewhat close to save around another person. The only ones he really trusted were Pepper, Rhodey and Jarvis. But maybe after everything that happened yesterday Tony would also feel save around Steve. He needed to talk with the genius tell him that it is alright to let his guard down around him, that he lo... liked the man for who he was.
I can´t let Steve see me like this. Maybe there was still a chance that he didn´t figure it out. Maybe I could save our friendship. I needed to save it. I can´t let him figure it out as soon as he knew he would be disgusted and leave me. I needed to get my act together and never let him see what a mess I am again.
“Gonna wake me up for lunch?” Steve started smiling again.
“Don´t want the others to see me.” Jarvis answered before Steve could say anything. “The rest of the Avengers have decided to take a day off. They won´t return for the next hours or days.”
Just I don´t know leave a comment. I might just got three comments on my stories but I just love reading them and I get every time so excited that I could jump right out of my skin.  (Maybe don´t picture that in your head.)
“Your belly.”
“The bonding. I´m able to hear your thoughts, sweetheart.” He didn´t just say that.
I smiled. A little bit later I was sleeping. This time without nightmares.
“Bye, bye kitchen.” Tony waved goodbye at the kitchen. “Daddy.”
I knocked on the closed doors, but there was no reaction. I waited some minutes and tried to get a glance of Tony trough the glass, but because the lights in the workshop were dimmed down and there was no guarantee that he wasn´t in one of the side rooms of the lab or around a corner, I wasn´t able to see him.
“I love you too.” I kissed him again. His cock was still filling me up and his knot wouldn’t go down for the next fifteen minutes.
“Yes you looked too peaceful to wake you up.”
What the hell is wrong with me? I´m a full grown ass-man and wanted to act like a damn baby. I´m a mess and far too emotional. A completely disappointment. Stupid piece of shit.
“But I wouldn´t mind at all, darling if you found out.”
“I know. You gonna eat something and then you will go straight to your room, okey?”
Ten minutes later Tony rubbed over his belly and said. “I think it swelled.”
“Slowly, Tony.” He leaned down and kissed me. His hips started moving and if it wasn´t for the kiss. I would’ve screamed and moaned. I heard my wet walls squelch around his manhood. His lips turned into a smile.
“Go!” He repeated. Steve took some steps forward.
I would give myself and so much more to him, problem was he deserves so much more. He stood his whole life up for everyone going against bullies even though he wasn´t strong and purely sick and often was at the receiving end of it himself. I couldn´t compare myself to him. He was so pure and I killed so many people not even caring about it for such a long time.
“Keeping your room free from anyone who could harm you. Now go to bed I promise I´ll keep you safe, dear. You´re supposed to sleep.”
Well...
“Aah, you jerk. That´s not fair.” Clint rubbed his leg and kicked him right back. Tony threw a pen at him, but Clint leaned to the side and it felt on the floor. Of course it broke, leaving a sea of paint on the new marble floor.
I sighed and stood up. I was sexual completely frustrated and went to the door and laid my head against it. Protectiveness meaning he would lock me in and try to keep me safe even though we were in probably the safest place on earth.
“No, you´ll manage.” His arms were shivering and I knew that he was close to tears. Two more minutes and he broke. He sat down on the floor and started crying. He finally was in his headspace I hoped that it was the last time I had to break him to get there.
“I´m happy too, Tony.” Steve laughed and hugged me tighter to his body. His strong arms keeping me close. Yeah, shit forgot he could hear what I thought. That´s gonna be funny.
I was completely open and at show for my alpha. My hole fluttered and clenched around nothingness. I felt something wet leak out of me as my walls tightened. His cum or some of my slick. Steve must have seen it too, because he leaned forward and picked it up with his tongue. His tongue followed the trail up to my hole. Numerous sounds left me as he started rimming me. At first he just circled my hole, but then he started to push his muscle inside and eat me out, what made me feel so unbelievable vulnerable and open.
“Tony, I need you to breath. Open your eyes, it´s just a dream.”
“Course not.” He looked back at his book. I huffed and I might or might not have took the hand that was imprisoned between our body´s and pushed him. Not like it did very much. I mean have you seen him?! Literally all muscles and nearly fucking 7 feet.
“Waaahhh..!”
“Ok, Steve.”
“Alright then take your Starkphone and let me show you.”
“It´s not the forties anymore, I get to make my own choices! Sometimes it´s necessary to change the plan!”
Before he could get any sadder I scooped him up and held him close to my chest. “Shh, it´s okey. I´m here baby.” He hid his face in my shoulder. I started rocking him in my embrace. He got quieter until the only thing I heard were sobs.
“Oh, you really wouldn´t enjoy it, sweetheart.”
“Try to sleep, Tony. It was an exhausting day and you didn´t get much sleep lately.” I gave up my fight against his grip and decided to just let myself have this moment as I knew it wouldn´t last very long until Steve would see what a mess I was and leave me behind to get the live he deserved. Besides Steve´s lap was also very comfortable and it just seemed easier to stay where I was.
“You were sleeping.”
“Do you want some maple syrup on your pancakes, darling?”
“Yes.” I took a step backwards and the door opened. Steve came in. He shoved me onto his bed and sat down next to me not before he could lock the door again i rolled my eyes at his antics, overprotective alpha. I snuggled into his chest and immediately started purring. It was better to sleep in his arms he would keep me safe. The nightmares didn´t come so often when I was with him.
“Oh baby" he whispered as he leaned forward and gave him a kiss. “Welcome back" he said smiling widely and Tony frowned at him
“Mr Rogers, I understand that you want to give them something different, but these are teenagers we are talking about. It would be unnecessary trouble” Steve nodded his lips pursed as he calmly tried to explain to the principal why this was not so bad an idea
“Yeah,” Tony scrubs a hand over his face, “Yeah, you’re probably right.
“Yeah.” Steve frowns at the little white boxes stacked around his dossiers. “Are the others coming?”
When Tony doesn’t say anything, Wilson continues.
“It is currently 6.49 in the morning.”
Steve’s eyes widen in surprise as he bolts up from the sofa, taking the pizza boxes and putting them on the counter. He gathers Tony in his arms.
The smile Thor cracks is relieved and joyful in a way he has not imagined feeling again. And despite the pain he realises he has caused them both, he finds he lacks the mulish stubbornness to hate himself for it. This is where they are now, and he has only the future to shape, the past quite firmly set in stone.
“The doctors cleared me, didn’t they? If you have a problem with that, you can take it up with them.”
“Look, is this unusual? A lot to take in? Yeah, of course, I mean you’re a capwolf. But Bruce is a giant green rage monster stored inside a five-foot six human, Thor is a literal Norse god, Natasha is probably a psychic and Clint is Clint. We’re all a little unusual and a lot to deal with.”
“And you’re sure- oh, hey.”
“Well,” and Steve gives his own smirk, “I definitely wouldn’t be opposed to that.”
“Is everything alright?”
There’s a knock on the door and it’s reflex that has him calling out “come in” rather than any real desire to talk to anyone. Steve looks up as the door opens and the black man with the beard steps in, shutting the door softly behind him. He hovers somewhat awkwardly for a moment, before moving over to a plush chair in the corner of the room and dragging it over to the bed and easing himself into it. This close and without crappy hospital lighting, the deep purple and green bruises around his jaw are clear. Steve winces internally.
“I was thinking I could, y’know, regale you with tales of our first battle together. I know you’ve probably read the files, but still, nothing like an inside perspective. The suit records everything, and the Chitauri are really something you have to see to believe.”
Steve notices Tony almost as soon as he comes around the corner, waving sheepishly.
“What happened here?”
He rounds the corner, tears finally let loose. In front of him, the conversation dies and everyone turns to look at him, curiosity in their eyes and sympathy tugging at their lips.
Indeed, they had heard that such a threat had been moving through the galaxy, and there has long been dissent about what many perceived as the Knotovian leaders refusal to address the issue. Perhaps this confirmation of exactly how grave the threat is would be enough to convince the council to move to action.
That piques Steve’s interest.
Their meetings’ frequency had dwindled over the last number of decades, and Steve hates himself a bit for it, but he envies Thor the grey that’s starting to streak his hair and the wrinkles that now line his face. He resents him for the fact that one day he will join their friends and family and Steve will be left; the last Avenger.
Tony should have known – all good things come to an end, and in the end, Steve Rogers was just someone else he wished he hadn’t known.
Evidently, Tony does know better, because there are no arguments when he boards the quinjet the next morning, just a sharp greeting of “Cap.”
“Nat is terrifying,” Sam laughs. “And whatever you do, do not touch that lady’s Thai leftovers, or you won’t be able to find your peach yoghurt for weeks.”
“Steve, stay, stay- Steve! For god’s sake, you’re not actually a dog, would you-” Tony sighs as he sits back from the bath, utterly drenched. He looks at the happy face of the wolf in front of him, tail wagging and making the bathroom, somehow, even more wet than he had when he was climbing in.
“Sorry, sorry, gosh, Tony, I didn’t mean to just- but you are, right? I mean, everyone always says we’re really close but no one really talks about it, and you don’t talk about us either, even though I can see you want to, and the mark on my shoulderblade sort of matches your hand?”
When the plates have been cleared of food and the carafe emptied, they lie in contented silence until Steve turns to Tony.
“Please, are you- are you listening? Can you understand me?”
“You don’t have to sound so surprised, Rogers. I can cook perfectly well when I really want to.”
He sits up and feels a shiver run through him as the blanket fall away and the ghosts of a dozen pairs of hands fades with it.
It could be that Tony really isn’t his soulmate, but Steve feels so certain – Sam's vagueness when Steve mentions Tony, the others’ hesitance to mention him at all, Tony’s initial avoidance of him paired with his noticeable efforts to put distance between them. Surely, Steve isn’t misreading all that.
For the next months, years, decades, he does. He carries the ember of love he has left into every fight, shields it as his friends join his husband while he himself still looks not a day over twenty six.
“I love you. I love you,” the whisper strong, not brittle breaking like before
“There’s Stark, too. He can be a real pain in the ass, not great with people, but he tries. He cares about the team, puts a lot into it. Not just money – most of the stuff we use is his design. You two are sort of the team leaders.”
When the doors slide open, Steve finds himself rooted to the place in awe.
Anthony helps pull him up onto the horse, then tugs on the reins. As the horse gallops away he can hear his friends whoop and cheer after him. He settles the twinge of uncertainty in his gut with the resolution to visit them soon.
“It’ll be fun, Steve, a once in a lifetime opportunity! To see
When he wakes next, the first thing he registers is a dull pain behind his eyes. That’s all that seems to be left as a reminder of the past few weeks. He runs through the years in his head, relieving moments he hadn’t even known he’d missed and some he wouldn’t have missed so much if he could have, though it still feels like a blessing.
“Is he with one of the others?”
Steve doesn’t have time to respond before he finds himself thoroughly distracted by Tony’s lips against his. He’s shocked at how right it feels, how familiar, and he gives as good as he gets, pushing Tony into the cushions and swallowing his breathless laugh.
“Well, he just found out that his dead best friend isn’t that dead after all. Also, that said best friend is a brainwashed assassin who won’t return his calls and is currently eleminating HYDRA with extreme prejudice, so, y’know, he’s doing really well. Thanks for asking.”
“Steve,” the man says, catching his eye. “Quit it, man. Not your fault.”
“Uh,” Tony manages, opening the faceplate and staring down at the creature who simply looks up at him with those bright blue eyes.
Once again, Steve travels across land and sea until he arrives home. The waters beneath him are quiet this time, and, when he looks down, he can see the life swimming below him.
Tony stares at the screen for a moment before shrugging, deliberately nonchalant.
He looks up in time to see everyone file back in, feels their hands on him and basks in it. He wants with everything in him to sit and talk with each of them as he has with Tony but he hears a soft “It’s almost time,” and turns to Tony again. He blinks and their world flickers, his eyes shooting to Tony’s, terror and dread filling him again.
There’s a beat of silence where Steve wants to berate himself for such naïveté, but a warm English voice replies “Welcome, Captain Rogers,” and Steve has to grip the handle bar to keep himself upright.
They gallop across lush grassland and raging seas, Steve gripping Anthony’s waist tightly. He feels Anthony’s muscles clench as he laughs and calls out to the stallion to be mindful of their precious cargo.
“Into bed,” he admonishes “I’m trying to be romantic and you’re ruining it.”
“Your, ah, your soulmate?”
Steve feels guilt settle heavy in his stomach and the silence during the ride is deafening.
Maybe he reacted badly the first time around. Or they had an argument right before he lost his memory. Or maybe Steve was just a terrible soulmate and Tony is glad to be rid of the burden. The last thought flits through his mind, but Steve dismisses it. Losing his memories, not knowing the people in his life... It’s been terrifying, yes, but it’s also given him a new perspective on his own life. A stranger’s objectivity makes it easy to see how much these people care for and respect him, something he can admit he’d probably blind himself to otherwise.
When he pulls back to look up at him his eyes are shining.
He doesn’t cry, just blinks the tears out of his eyes and tucks his head into the crook of Tony’s neck.
“It’ll go better next time,.” he tells Tony, because that’s how Steve is.
Sam follows his gaze and his smile dims a little.
“You like your gift?”
Tony doesn’t miss how Steve maintains a steady conversation with almost everyone but him, how he keeps flicking his eyes to him every few minutes, almost like a nervous tick. Eventually, the dishes move from the island to the sink and Bruce complains about how the dishwasher is
Steve waits while Sam struggles with what to say next.
embroidered in the corner are invisible inside the pocket.
“Before and after I lost my memory, I, um- I've been having panic attacks. Pretty often. I can’t sleep a lot and when I do, I have nightmares. I think, uh, a therapist-”
Tony twists out of Steve’s hold and Steve steps back, watching as he picks up a plate with a cloche over it.
He leans forward and this time when his legs start to shake, he lets them give out and he falls, crumpling at Tony’s feet, sobbing in a way he hasn’t let himself, ever.
“This is just for us?”
“Licked me half to death, looked sad when I flew off, last I heard it was napping in our living area. JARVIS is monitoring it.”
“Ready for an out of this world date, Cap?”
Steve catches the helmet and peers at the suit Tony’s gesturing proudly at, caught between amused and thoroughly unimpressed.
Tony lets out a groan.
“My quantum sensors have picked up nanites entering Sir’s body via airwaves. They appear to be what is causing his behaviour.”
He reaches out to stroke the cat’s blue fur and stops to think twice when the cat pulls back and Dog Cap lets out a low growl.
Steve smiles bemusedly down at him. “Tony-“
He has loved Tony Stark in sickness and in health, and long since death has done them part, but in all that time he has abandoned himself in favour of bitterness and contempt.
“Apology accepted.”
“Tony-”
When he opens them again, he is in an Asgardian palace.
“Hulk,” Clint starts “you help in so many ways, but I think this is one for the Doc, alright? He’ll let you out when you’re done.”
He carries Tony to the medbay, telling JARVIS to ask the rest of the avengers meet them there.
“Yeah. Yeah, I just-“
“Not bad, all things considered. Probably be better if you talked to him, though.”
The group starts out modest, borne from necessity with Steve, Tony, Natalia, Clint, Thor and Bruce. Over the years, however, it evolves, with more and more people emerging to join them until it grows into something bigger than any of them had imagined. It’s good, though. Steve and Tony spend the next six years fighting and mentoring and enjoying their lives together, both on and off the battlefield.
“It’s hard for you,” Sam points out.
He takes a deep breath, trying to steady himself.
So. Werewolf. Capwolf? Whatever. Their fine and fearless leader, as it turns out, is both a super soldier and a supernatural creature of the night. Who would’a thunk.
But this is a Terran. It could very well be they do not possess such technologies. T’ny feels something inside himself shift, a swelling of sympathy for this creature who has come to a new planet, alone in the galaxy and unable even to efficiently communicate with those he encounters.
“Promise,” Tony murmurs, “you’ll come back to me?”
When the elevator doors slide open, Steve’s voice reaches him from what sounds like the living room. Mildly curious, Tony follows it, and finds Steve standing in the middle of the room, looking up at the ceiling with his brow furrowed.
And yet Tony still hasn’t said anything.
He struggles to get an arm beneath himself and when he looks down, he sees clothes that are suddenly too big for his frame and hands that are wrinkled and dotted with liver spots.
Tony feels like a weight has been lifted off his shoulders. He had really been trying his best to support Steve, but he’s only human and the effort of not letting himself get too close had been starting to weigh on him. He expects things between them to get easier and they do – sort of. Steve is still sleeping on his own floor and is quieter than before, but, well, this is a big change and Tony would wait a hundred years for Steve to adjust if he had to.
There’s a peaceful lull in conversation as they take what Steve suspects is the long way back to the Tower after Steve had eaten what was, in hindsight, an embarrassing amount of food. He’s still not sure if he believes that a whole fried fish, a pizza and a plate of spaghetti and meatballs is really his usual, but he can’t think of any other way to explain the dishes coming out one after another, either.
Shit.
”It’s like nothing else,” he murmurs.
“Not yet.”
Steve snorts.
“I did. Do you-“ he licks his lips and looks away. “I would be honoured – if you would let me stay. Allow me the privilege of fighting beside you again, if only because I have years—”
Tony smiles, bright and kind. “Then believe me when I say you’re not the same as me, but you are every bit as good. Remember that. If you trust me – trust me to tell you the truth, and trust my judgement, then trust that this is the truth.”
Tony brings it up again that evening.
“I have not detected them, Captain.”
And Tony smiles again, still sad but fondness bleeds through it.
And he trusts Tony Stark.
followed by something that sounds worryingly like a door being ripped from its hinges. The next is Fury’s voice over the Tower’s intercom system.
They meet in the middle and Steve grips the sides of his arms, speechless and grief stricken all over again.
Steve laughs but does as he says, moving to sit cross legged in the middle of their bed.
“Are you my soulmate?”
Steve hits ground on his side, gasping at the pain that lances through him.
Steve sits up, rubs at the tear tracks on his face, and hugs Tony, fiercely.
Before Steve can respond, Tony pushes himself off the chair and moves to a cupboard at the back, where they usually store spare uniforms and weapons. From it, Tony reveals a red and blue spacesuit, complete with a white star emblazoned across the chest. He digs around some more before tugging out a matching helmet and tossing it towards Steve.
Tony thinks of offering him a massage, then pauses, startled at the domesticity of it. But he realises he wants that – with Steve. He wants the sleepy mornings, and buying quirky shit for their house, and to tease Steve over his weird obsession with polo. Even the late nights and sharp words that neither of them really mean – for Steve, it would be worth it.
Tony stands as his eyes fall on him and Steve feels himself stumbling forward even as Tony moves towards him.
He’s not sure how or why, but he’s been gone nearly seven hundred years and, in that time, his first family have died and faded into legend.
He makes sure their stories, their legends, live on. People talk of the compassion of the Falcon and the brilliance of Bruce Banner and the skill of the Black Widow and the stories of Thor still circle around too. People talk of these and more, the other avengers who have come and gone, but most of all, they talk about Earth’s best defender, their golden Avenger. They tell tales of Tony Stark and Steve wishes he could hear them and not feel something cruel twist in his chest.
“Nanites?” Steve curses. “Are there any more of them in the tower?”
“Tony!”
in outer space, hmm?”
“Stark-”
Steve looks up at her and it’s ridiculous but he can almost feel the life being sucked out of him, all those stolen centuries returning to the earth beneath him.
He pulls back to look into soft brown eyes and feels his breath catch.
The horse has stopped in a place with vibrant grasses and trees bearing golden fruit and sparkling flowers. Beautiful towers and buildings loom ahead of them in a vast and bright city and Steve looks around him, dazed and disbelieving.
“Ok, I think dinners ready. Do you think you can let go of me to get something to eat?” I nodded. He sat me down on a chair and sat the plate in front of me.
No! Don´t you dare start crying, now. Like you don´t deserve to feel the pain. I´m a Stark. I´m made of iron. I caught the tears with my sleeve and sat up.
“Steve, can we change?” I turned to Tony. He was holding a pink t-shirt and shorts with a label saying “mouthy princess”. I laughed. Tony and Clint had been “pranking” each other since they became somewhat close to friends and both already ad their share in getting on each others nerves.
I hope you´re all ready for sexy times.   ; )
When I woke up daddy had his arms around me. He was so warm and cuddly. I slipped closer and hid my face in the fabric of his shirt. I smelled like my daddy and I immediately felt safe and at ease. It was sooooooo cozy. Much better than my teddy bear. But don´t tell him that or he´ll get sad.
“Spider! Big Spider!” Steve turned his head and looked at the spider.
“Hey.” I felt the blood rush into my cheeks feeling kinda caught.
Most of the days Tony was very calm and he stayed cool even if you told him you broke his table because you jumped out of the vents and had a bad landing(Clint) or that you broke something because you used too much strength(Thor, me, Peter, Wade, the X-Men, etc.) I think you get what I'm trying to say, but there were still some things he was a little bit too protective over. For example the couch.
“I hope it did. There won´t be any skipped meals anymore, do you hear me?”
“Holy crap!” Everyone´s eyes turned to look at him, but Tony couldn´t care less in that moment. He just jumped up and tried to hide behind Steve and held onto the bigger men. His face was completely pale and his eyes were wide.
“What? …I…urgh. I didn´t do anything.” Wait, did he just cock an eyebrow?
“Do you want to add something, Tony?” Steve turned to him and cocked an eyebrow.
When I started this work I had the story already written, but like in a really really bad form, so i´ve been just working on rewriting it, making it longer yadyadada like you get what I´m trying to say. I didn´t really change anything about the plot or so.
“Am Still tired.” I mumbled the words in his chest.
“What?” I haven´t said anything, right?
“Yes.” I smirked, of course that one would work.
The doors flew open and the moment was destroyed.
All I wanted now was to finally come but the cock ring wouldn't let me. I felt like I was going to explode with pleasure.
The disgusted look I got when I came home after a night with a woman. Just wanted to get loved, to feel cared for. It didn´t matter after some time it was just another thing he ignored. Howard never loved me and he won´t as long as I was a disappointment and he died before I could prove myself to him.
After some time Clint and Natasha went to their rooms too and left Steve and me alone. Suddenly Steve turned his head and looked at me.
“Well I didn´t so SHUT UP and everything went fine why are you even angry? You should thank me!”
Steve
“Steve?” Why did my voice sound so vulnerable. Steve turned his head to meet my eyes. I freaking blushed. “How are you.”
Steve took the tablet out of my hands and slowls laid it down on the side table. "I think we should forgive DUMME and I might know something to cheer you up, babe." He whispered the last part into my ear and shifted his weight so that he pushed me into the cussions.
“That won´t happen. Go to bed, Tony.” His voice was soft but I stayed strong. Why did I even allow him to have the only door which Jarvis couldn´t open. Damn it.
“Of course. Without you we would be nothing and we would depend on Hammer tech.”
I don´t like baths. They´re boring and too watery. But I still got curious. What did daddy just say? “Who´s mrter Duck, daddy.”
“Yes, just yours.” He came closer until I could feel his hot breath on my skin. “Only yours, always. Don´t want anyone else, just you.”
Some minutes passed before he rinsed the product out and started positioning me. I felt the weight of his big hands settle on my shoulders and he directed me to stand with my front to the wall and my backside pointing towards him. A shudder passed my lips as his hands slid along my arms before they took hold of my hands and placed them on the wall. I felt his body against mine as he leaned forward and pressed his face against my neck so I could feel his warm breath ghost along my skin as he spoke in a deep aroused voice. “Keep your hands there, okey baby?”
Steve hugged me. I immediately felt safer. His warm body covering my smaller frame perfectly. “I´m so sorry. It´ll get better, I promise.” My eyes started to get wet. I tried to stop but Steve already recognized it. “Oh Tony, don´t cry, sweetheart. I´ll help you. We will find a solution, I promise.”
“Tony, look at me. We´re here. You´re safe, okey. I´m not going anywhere. I won´t let anyone hurt you, okey?” I nodded. Something made me believe him and I felt safer.“Oh, Tony. It´s alright. I´m here.” I didn´t realize I was still crying. He pushed my head in his chest and put his arms around me. “Not letting anyone hurt you. I promise. It was just a dream.” I put my arms around him and sank into his body. Steve was there. He would save me no matter what. (Please just ignore Civil War :) )
Steve and I stood eye to eye with our chests nearly touching each other´s. We breathed hard and I gave him my best glare. Even though he was some inches taller than me I didn´t feel intimidated.
I prepared myself mentally to feel his cock inside of me. It wouldn´t be that bad, right? When he started rimming me I nearly cried out. That wasn´t exactly what I expected from the pure captain. To get down on his knees and do something as dirty as to lick an omegas hole. After one lick over my cock from base to head he moved and took his big cock in his hand.
“Good morning, sweetheart.” I felt the vibrations of his groggy morning voice and a hand starting to pet my hair. I lifted my head meeting his piercing blue eyes and purred lowly. MINE. My bondmate. I was bonded. To. Steve. I never thought I would have this.
They grabbed my shoulders and shook me. I struggled against them, tried to hit or kick them. I just needed air or I was going to die. I was going to die and no one would find me.
I grumbled but nodded. Somehow he managed to prepare our dinner with just one hand while still keeping me pressed to his side with the other hand. I´ll deny everything later and probably clean Jarvis’ video footage.
“Now, how´bout we get you to sleep. You must be really tired.” Tony groaned what made me chuckle. I really had a cranky baby in my arms. “Let´s go.”
Sry, it took so long to update. I´ll try to write more in the near future.
Howard was right all along.
fluffy chapter
Tony smiled at me. He was so cute, blushing like he had anything to be ashamed of. I would spend every single night of my life sitting here with him just to see this smile and it wasn´t one of his fake ones he showed the press. No, this one was one of his beautiful smiles which showed his true emotions which just were true Tony. The warm feeling in my stomach spread. He´s the most lovely person I knew. He deserved to be taken care of after everything he did for us. He was truly a hero. Even tough he always tried to play it cool I knew what an amazing personality he had, caring about us the same way the team cared about him. Always doing everything to save everyone. He would even pay with his life. Sometimes I just wished he would give himself more credit for all the wonderful things he did and kept better care of him. I didn´t know what I would do if I would lose him. The battle of New York still haunted my dreams. Seeing him lying there I felt as if my heart stopped beating for a moment. But I shouldn´t think about that now.
“Tony and dad.” I felt anger burn inside of me. Tony´s father always treated him bad and because of what? Because Howard was jealous? If I had known what kind of men he was I would have given this man quite the beating.
“I really love you, you know? and I´m happy I got you for a mate, Steve”
“I love you, my sweet little omega.” I was exhausted and went completely limp as Steve’s cock kept spurting come inside of me. I looked at him saw the smile and a hint of blood on his lips and his beautiful blue eyes which looked proud and were full of happiness. I was so unbelievable happy. I never loved someone like I love Steve.
"Oh and what would that be?" Steve took a look into my eyes and hummed as if he was thinking about an answer.
“Tony, it´s alright. You already make me feel better. How about we finish the movie now?”
"Steve, oh." I said between moans as it pushed in and out of me. Soon after a second finger pushed into me and they weng all in to the knuckles before he started moving them in scissoring motions. I screamed when he found my prostate and instead of pulling his hand away he pressed against itt harder. It felt so damn good and overwhelming I felt tears on my cheeks.
Steve growled "I want to hear nothing but my name when we're like this. You're mine." Oh god Steve was so hot. He moved his hips faster and leaned down to leave hickeys on my skin.
Tony showed up for team training completely sleep deprived. I watched him stumble out of the elevator. He yawned, but he still tried to fight it. I decided that it was probably for the best to not let him fly in the suit right now.
“Alpha ...” Tony´s belly grumbled and it was obvious that he was still hungry, I would have to wait some more. I reached out for the plate and took a fork.
How do other people manage an update nearly every day?
“Nope.” Tony kicked Clint under the table.
“Oh, I´m mean baby. Well let´s see about that.”
"Thinking about giving DUMME a new painting. What do you think about pink?"
There were a lot of things Nat expected when she walked into the living room. But she would have never guessed to find the boys sleeping on the couch. They were cuddled together with Tony halfway sitting/lying in Steve’s lap and their arms around each other. She picked out her phone and made a photo. Oh, that was going to go on the fridge.
“You kept care of me all day, strong Alpha.” His nose touched mine and our mouths were just inches apart.
“You aren´t…ah…tired?” I said the words in one hot breathe against Tony´neck. He shuddered in response.
“Why are you carrying me, Steve?”
“You look gorgeous. Open up for me, sweetheart.” I nudged his thighs and Tony spread his legs and sat them up. I looked at his hole.  It shivered under my gaze. Slick came spurting out of it. I took a hold of his ankles and leaned down to lick over his hole. Tony tasted soamazing. I could spend days eating him out. I would save that idea for another day. I shoved my tongue deep into his hole. Tony squirmed and his whole body pressed upwards and I needed to hold him down. His cock was fully erect and I licked over it too.
He looked at me and smirked. I had a really bad feeling. He pulled his cock out and took something else out of the bag befire I could do much, a butt plug was shoved inside my ass and Steve kissed my cheek.
“Ok time for a bath, Tony.” He looked at me with big eyes as I carried him out.
“Is it good?”
Tony might not seem very strong, but he is, I promise. i just like the idea that he can let his guard down and let someone else take care of him.
“This is dumb and boring.” Tony whined. “I wanna leave. Where is Thor? Why can he just leave and we have to do this. Fury can go fu-”
Hope you enjoy this chapter
“What´s that Tony?”
He started moving his hips up and down and I whimpered. He swallowed every noise I made.
“My sweet sheep.” I mumbled under my breath and smiled.
“Don´t call me that and I don´t want to know what you do in your spare time.”
“Yours.”
It was hard to motivate myself to do something productive, it often is. I was very tempted to just lay down on the couch and blend everything else out.
“You both reek so stop complaining and get closer together.” My arm brushed against Steve´s and before we could do much more, Nat had pulled the sweater over our heads. I got my arm in the left sleeve and Steve got the other one. The sweater was in a pale pink and had words sewed onto it ‘This is our get along shirt’ well jokes on us. I glared at the team who all tried and failed to hold in their laughter.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Yeah, yeah, Tony. Com´ere.” He patted on the free place next to him. Should I really sit so close to him? Did he forgot to think about how close we would be? “I don´t bite.” I sat down next to him still trying to leave some inches between us. Steve sighed and reached one arm out. Before I could do anything, he had his arm around my shoulder and pushed me into his side. I don´t know if Steve saw me blushing, if he did he didn´t say anything. The time went by and it got darker as we watched some movies. I got really tired, I didn´t know when I last slept. Most of the others already went to their rooms. Just Clint, Steve and Nat were still here. Clint and Nat discussed something about the film and Steve sat next to me and just watched the movie.
“Come for me Tony. Beautiful, wonderful, perfect Tony come for your alpha.”
Tony feels insecure.
Sure enough there were Bruce and Thor standing in the door like they were just about to enter the room but stopped dead in their movement. They stood there like statures and looked at the two of the with shocked expressions.
How was he able to be so quiet one moment ago we were in the middle of an argument screaming at each other at the top of our lungs and now he was terribly calm. No, he wasn´t fooling me, he just held it all in, such a vanilla guy. I wanted to scream at him. How could he just stop reacting to me. I hate being ignored. Idiot. The others started having conversations or went into other rooms leaving me alone with the muscular boring grandpa. Ugh….
At least he wouldn´t starve himself to death and there was no chance he could order take out without leaving the workshop, so he depended on my food for the next days and when I happened to cook more healthy food, nobody had to know it but me.
“Ok, Tony.” Steve gave me a kiss and stopped my process of thoughts. ”We should shower, baby.” Wait, was shower a code word for sex? Oh, that was so hot, but I was still sore. I moved my legs a little bit and tried to get feedback from my poor little hole. Well yeah, a little sore, I mean I wasn´t in heat right now but if he wanted to go again, I wouldn´t mind like at all.
“Urgh… just stop that.” He huffed and started ignoring me again and got back to his book. I sighed, he was no fun at all and he still held my arm. Well it´s not like he wasn´t warm or something like that. I mean if you ignore his personality my position in the sweater was comfortable with him being kind of a human heater.
A hologram bursts forth out of the workbench, just like the holograms uses to work on his blueprints. But this time instead of blueprints being projected, it’s Steve’s drawings of seals rotating before them in 3D.
He’s happily floating in the in-between, somewhere halfway between wakefulness and sleep, when he feels Steve smile against his neck and he immediately remembers what day it is.
Tony hums, as if he actually needs to give it any kind of consideration. “I suppose so.”
“We were about to send a search party out for you,” Bruce says as Clint settles into his place at the table. “Everything okay?”
“Then Clint and I went to the original buyer,” Natasha says. “Luckily he was willing to help. But he had sold it to someone else. So, we tracked down the next owner. He was a little more,” Natasha pauses here. “Difficult.”
But it doesn’t and the last words Steve hears as he leaves the recovery room are, “I’ll be talking to this other,
“Thor, you do know that the aim of this isn’t to eat every single apple you pick right this second, right?”
Not to say that there weren’t still barbs. Because as much as they love each other, as much as they admire each other, on a fundamental level Steve and Tony are two very different types of people. They’ve learned, they’ve loved, and they’ve changed but that same tension between cynical humor and optimistic dedication – the very spark that started it all - is still there.
Steve can’t help but think that this is partially his fault. If he hadn’t invited Tony into his room that night, he wouldn’t feel like he’s been run over by an emotional eighteen-wheeler.
Tony is suspicious that they’re starting to look soppy but he really couldn’t care less - despite the fact that he is fully aware that all twenty-seven cameras are now on them.
“I’m vaguely unfazed about the whole thing since I’m marrying a centenarian with a better refractory period than me,” Tony says. “Maybe even a tad bit disgruntled.”
Tony sets the jet to autopilot once they’re a couple thousand feet up and turns to him, kicking back to sprawl lazily in the captain’s seat.
Before he realises what he’s doing, he’s moved off the sofa and over to Tony, wrapping him in a bear hug. He feels Tony’s stiff surprise, and is about to let go when Tony puts his own arms around Steve’s waist. Steve tucks his head against Tony’s neck and breathes.
Steve sits perched on the edge of the bed, ready to jump to action if the need should arrive. He can hear them arguing down the hall. He’s almost certain he’s not supposed to hear them, but then he’s not supposed to be misplaced seventy years into the future either.
Near the end of the seventh year, Steve finds himself thinking of the Commandos, of his first home. He feels guilt nip at him for not having visited in all this time and resolves to visit them as soon as he can.
This creature is perhaps a little taller than average, more well built and his gaze not quite as sharp, but apart from that, there is nothing to mark him as not of their world. Had their craft not been so poorly constructed, this creature may well have successfully infiltrated Knotov society, passing off any unusual physical attributes as a genetic anomaly. The thought sends a chill up T’ny’s spine.
“I was barely gone for the day,” Tony teases, and Steve can hear the fond tone behind the snarking words.
“I can get the nanites out, but it’ll take a while. I know last time he was out, Bruce Banner was working on something that would streamline the process...” Sam trails off, looking at Hulk. Steve turns to face Hulk as well, who frowns and pouts, crossing his massive arms.
T’ny nods, solemn, and gestures for the Terran to follow, before turning to start back to the city.
He shakes his head at the thought and repeats himself.
Steve shakes his head.
Steve looks up to see one of the kids from earlier waving at him. He rides over. “I did, thank you.”
“Since the accident, Captain Rogers returns at irregular hours, oftentimes around late morning. He has also been making frequent use of the training facilities.”
There are many benefits to dating a billionaire, especially when said billionaire is also a genius, philanthropist and superhero. There’s all the bragging you can do, for starters, and brag Steve does, to anyone who will listen to the point where Natasha throws the nearest object at him whenever he looks like he might start and even Sam rolls his eyes and shakes his head in exasperation.
“Well, Stephen – what do you say?”
He feels warm hands cup his face and looks into warm brown eyes and somewhere inside him a little of the ice that’s been spreading melts. Distantly, he registers that they are alone, and wants to wonder how that happened, but banishes the thought almost as soon as it forms. He’s not alone. As long as he has Tony, he’s not alone. So he lets tears slip down his face and lets himself feel.
Carefully, Tony tucks the handkerchief into the inside pocket of his jacket so that the hand embroidered Phoenix is peeking out from over the top and the tiny
He falls asleep that night in an Asgardian palace and opens his eyes to a sight that has him choking on tears.
The horse is long gone.
“Steve, I know you can at least kind of understand me, human you told me you can. Stop trying to flood our goddamn bathroom.”
“Oh yeah?”
“The mattress,” the man repeats, “It’s like lying on a marshmallow – feels like you’re gonna sink right through to the floor. When I was over there, we used rocks for pillows. Like caveman.”
Fury ignores his question in favour of asking one of his own. “The wolf?”
Sam moves out of the chair suddenly, and offers his hand to Steve. Steve stares it blankly, then looks up to Sam’s face.
Steve looks around him, curious and half afraid he’ll make the whole thing fall apart if he touches anything.
“There’s books about ‘em in the library, Mister, is that what you want? They used to battle around here, didn’t they? The town has a memorial thing for them. Are you a historian?”
“What didn’t make it?”
Peggy and the others – DumDum, Mortimer, Falsworth – they have been his everything these past few years. Giving him a place to belong, a cause worth fighting for, and, after Bucky’s death, a reason to keep going. He’s given his all to them, but after everything, he thinks maybe it’s time he takes something for himself. Besides, he thinks as he nods back to Peggy and grips Anthony’s hand, he knows they’re in good hands.
Almost.
“You missin’ the good old days?”
“You worry too much, Steven,” he bellows, a knowing glint in his eye, “Samuel and Bruce will best these creatures as they have many a beast before them; you must have faith in your shield brothers.”
He takes a breath.
“Hey.”
“Steve,” he starts, gripping Steve’s arm firmly, “If you go, you must understand — it’s important you don’t get off the horse.”
“Where-?”
“I’ll always be here,” Tony continues quietly, fingers idly tracing Steve’s soulmark. “Because I’m your soulmate, sure, but it’s more than that. We’ve both put too much work into us to let it all go because of something that is very manageable. Plus, I would manage anything for you. You are the one I love to manage most.”
Tony freezes and Steve feels his own eyes practically bug out of his head. Shit, he hadn’t meant to just blurt it out like that.
“I worked hard on that breakfast, you know.”
Tony pulls takeout boxes from a plastic bag, his heart pounding in his chest. Why the hell is he so nervous? It’s not like he hasn’t heard Steve talk about Howard before.
“He worries. I thought the Other Guy was going to get a rocket up his ass when he knocked you into that wall.”
He thinks of Tony’s warning, how worried he had been, and it makes a little more sense.
Steve turns to Tony, eyebrows raised.
“So,” he props himself up on an elbow, “What do you think?”
He settles back to consider this newfound revelation, and when they finally traipse through the door of their dingy apartment, Tony fills a basin with soapy water and coaxes Steve into relaxing after shedding his socks and shoes.
He hears Fury heave a sigh over the speakers.
of clothes, but I’ll make an exception here.”
Fury only has time to utter “wolf,” before, indeed, a wolf stalks around the corner. A wolf that is easily twice the size of a regular wolf, with blonde-brown fur and piercing blue eyes that has Tony thinking of the other blond haired, blue eyed man he knows, name beginning with S and whose last name would sound really good with his tacked on the end and- and teeth. This wolf has teeth which are also twice the size of a regular wolf’s and Tony swallows. Probably not the time for that particular train of thought. The aforementioned teeth are currently on vicious display as the wolf drips saliva in a trail along the floor. The wolf looks right at him, taking him in for a moment, before- relaxing. Its hackles come down and its ears prick back up happily. When the armour rushes through the window, the wolf growls softly as it encases Tony but then cocks his head and moves forward, heaving itself onto its hind legs and bringing its forelegs down to rest on the shoulders of the armour, effectively pinning Tony in a standing position to the floor.
Steve rolls his eyes, and takes the suit from Tony, stripping his clothes off to pull on the modified undersuit Tony threw at him, before crossing to where the suit currently hangs. He detaches the pants from the rest and shuffles into them, laughing when Tony whistles as he bends over. Next he shimmies up the top part, managing to poke his head through the top after much twisting and turning. He looks around for Tony to help him attach the two pieces and notices he’s connected the Avenjet to an external airlock. Tony turns back to him, excitement shining through his eyes.
“I didn’t tell him who – thought you deserved to be the one to do that.”
Clint snorts.
Tony squeezes his hand and leans their foreheads together.
“Maybe not,” Tony concedes, “But ‘sorry’ isn’t always about blame; sometimes it’s just ‘it sucks that this happened and this is me expressing that suck-y-ness to you’, which I am.”
Oddly enough, it’s the start of something beautiful.
, you don’t have to worry about that. Besides I feel like I’m getting the full experience.”
He swings his legs around the side of the bed, standing and moving over to wrap his arms around Tony’s waist.
He slips quietly into the kitchen, rubbing sleep from his eyes.
He reaches forward and lets the cat sniff his hand, pleased when it allows him to scratch its head gently.
“Sorry, sorry,” Clint backs off, arms raised in peace. He wonders if these are the Steve and Tony from some animal-run alternate dimension. If so, it’s possible that Cat Tony got those blue stripes in a similar manner as their Tony, and if so...
Tony pushes himself up and reaches for the shampoo, pouring it directly onto Steve’s head before lathering it up. This was Steve’s fourth full moon with the team instead of SHIELD. The first time, they had been cautious, not wanting to take for granted that Steve would recognise the rest of them as he did Tony. When a thorough licking and thumping tail confirmed that he did, they organised for the next full moon to be spent running some basic tests, taking bloods and measuring stamina and such. Steve had expressed an interest in exploring whether the wolf could be used in fights, and Tony figured it best to know what exactly they would be dealing with before any training started. The third had been the night after a battle with some alien horde and so was spent lounging around the tower. By the time the full moon rolled around this time, Tony still hadn’t had time to make any wolf friendly training equipment, so tonight, they had figured they’d try taking Steve to one of the nearby dog parks. They had found out the first time that Capwolf wasn’t actually hostile unless presented with a threat, so there was no danger. Tony organised to have the groundskeepers leave it open for them for the night and the night had been surprisingly enjoyable. Steve especially seemed to enjoy the opportunity to run around, successfully jumping in what seemed like every puddle in the park, hence Tony’s current attempt at bathing him.
