And then he pinched the little boy's nose. Pinched his nose, and at first - stupidly, for a second - I thought it was to stave off the flow of blood from the child's nostril.
I shut my eyes, effectively trying to cut Sherlock off from realizing what I've just realized myself. What I've just admitted to myself.
''I don't think it's about trying to hide anything from him, Sherlock. I think it's about fear as to how he'll feel, or how he'll respond. I think it's about rationalizing that it's not a huge source of anxiety for you, and pushing it out of your mind. But I don't feel that's going to work, in the end. It's only going to delay the inevitable.''
''Then maybe I can speak to Toby again.  I'll get more data this time. Because I have to,'' Sherlock squeezes his hands into fists, and the tension in the room increases.
I stare at my fresh, clean clothes. My purple shirt, which is made of Ahimsa Silk and is incredibly soft, and a pair of black corduroy trousers that I haven't worn in about three years. I found them in the back of my closet, looking pressed and decent. My other trousers could likely do with a washing. I grab a belt just in case, not having measured my dimensions in a good six months. Then find some wool socks and silk pants and bring everything back with me to the bathroom, too.
Yuri's breath hitches, and he comes to sit down besides me on the sidewalk pavement, outside the little roan house with the number ''417 Ashkin'' on the door.
Does he seem to alienate others so readily to actually protect himself from growing attached to an individual, but then facing a betrayal?
''I don't have many friends,'' he responds quietly, tentatively. ''I did not want to lose my best one. Maybe my only one.''
I grasp the edge of the duvet and pull it back, smiling. Feeling - even with this brief exchange - more confident.
I picked it up carefully, taken by the soft lines used to depict the womb itself and the sharp and precise contrast of the unborn.
And yet, the feeling is one that I can only compare to how I've felt when witnessing a child being harshly teased or bullied, or treated unfairly, or openly distressed.
But I felt this was an essential departure point for John. Re: his feelings, and his need to understand his feelings in short order. For Sherlock to be presented with similar challenges.
''It's what I have,'' he reiterates, tone more anxious than before and I lead him back towards the sofa.
''Ok,'' he says gruffly, slightly distracted as he unlocks the door and makes move to carry the bags inside. ''Some things might look a tad different. But I promise you Sherlock, nothing is gone. Maybe packed up, but not gone. I didn't chuck anything out. Not a thing.''
''I don't treat these conditions in my practice. If I suspect them, I refer parents to a specialist, Yuri.''
''Look,'' Lestrade starts patiently, almost reserved in tone. ''I've known Sherlock since he was...God...since he was 23 years old. It's insane, but true.''
When I had returned to the flat, I had a copy of Harrison's autopsy photo (on loan, with a promise to return it to Lestrade the following day) in my pocket.
But Sherlock is unlike anyone else in the world. What I feel for him is a different thing in intensity.
I let my arm fall to the side of my chair, then squeeze his hand underneath the table. Lightly. Softly. A rallying show of support.
''I hardly see how this is going to fix anything,'' he breathes, his voice about the same timber and loudness as the heating vent. ''I know I screwed up.''
''Almost done, 'kay?,'' she encourages. ''Just want to listen to your heart real quick, here. Then some more water, and I can call John-''
Lately his eating has become even more fractured and strange. While he still makes it a rule not to eat anything while actively trying to solve a case, he doesn't seem to go back to normal eating once the case has wrapped. Instead, he seems to be even odder than normal with how and when he eats. Eating mostly at night, and eating odd combinations of foods. Three or four weeks ago, I came across him putting caramel popcorn into his coffee, and swirling everything around until the popcorn was mushy. When I commented that such a concoction seemed like an odd 'soup', he shrilly informed me that it was basically more or less just like adding sugar to his coffee. Caramel sugar coffee.
"Because it's important. If you get an infection, in a deep glass wound - it could advance quickly. Yellowing is a bad sign too, so I'll apply some Polysporn in a few hours, okay?"
''Really? What?,'' he asks, an undercurrent of something gritty in his voice now. ''I think even you can ascertain that I just want to get home, John!''
Sherlock looks away in frustration; I observe the body language between the two of them for a few moments.
''Well,'' I exhale. ''Perhaps I could ask you questions. And perhaps you could answer them more…scientifically? Or, not scientifically, exactly, but more a simple laying out of all salient points?''
He frowned at his plate, pushing the salmon around. Breaking it down into the smallest fragments. Eating off of one tine in a somewhat odd fashion.
I head on over to Tesco's when I'm done work. An agitation resides low in my belly. I scan the magazine aisle, the junk food section. Chuck some tiger bread into my trolley, and go to place some drink mix as well, when I suddenly find myself staring at the glass and orange Ovaltine canister. The child on the canister is smiling. Her milk teeth are polished white, her hair in braided pigtails. The image winsome, wholesome. Like something from a 1950's Norman Rockwell painting. I return the canister to the shelf, suddenly feeling unnerved by the overly sweet image.
''Very little you could do would surprise me. I'll never underestimate your potential there,'' and I rest my cup in its saucer, suddenly wondering if this is part of Sherlock's problem. Certainly - if his sexual tastes veered towards attraction to males as opposed to attraction to females, it may explain some of his anxiety. He might simply link his father's abuse to a physical exchange between two males. Emotionally it would complicate things, even if intellectually I'm pretty damn sure Sherlock would clearly see how ludicrous the suggestion would be.
His mouth puckers into sick amusement, and a scoffing sound comes choking from his throat. As if he finds the suggestion hilarious and over the top.
Finally, an awkward, ''It was good of you to do this. You-,'' and her voice drops off. This woman, after all, normally calls him 'freak.' Mind you, this time she's still not calling him Sherlock, but progress is progress; I guess even his sensitivity isn't enough to totally negate the years of bickering and bad blood between them.
That it wouldn't always be there. The impulses I have. The upset with the every day. That inner torment when faced with having to eat or sleep, or even when I looked at my body in the mirror. And it would be gone. Those issues would never have existed, would they?
''Will you stay with me?,'' he asks, wiping at his cheeks which I suddenly realize are red and damp.
''Of course it's accurate. John wouldn't say such a thing if it were not,'' he responds in an almost biting tone.
''I'm not *in* pain!,'' he finally utters in whispered harshness, the individual words almost shrill. ''I wish you both would stop talking down to me like I was some pathetic child! I don't need your condescension: I'm not stupid, and I'm not weak!''
Just once. Just one time, so I could just trap the sound into my head and pull it out when I was really sad.
''Okay,'' I exhale shakily, rubbing my hands against my jeans. My hands are sweating now, I realize. I also know that I am feeling raw and overly emotional.
A thought assails me, foreign and torn from a reality I cannot easily place but sense I have, at some point, lived: a cross, illuminated in red electricity, scorching a purpling night-sky.
I recognize the number and head to my office, wanting to minimize noise and any subsequent discomfort for John.
He looks up at me with reservation, and crosses his malnourished arms across his chest. His 'shield' maneuver.
''That can hardly be a fair exchange,'' I say evenly, feeling momentarily distracted from my thoughts. My hissing, buzzing thoughts.
If he’s heard me, he doesn’t reply - simply turns inwards until his face is nestled between the throw cushions, his lithe form starting to relax in the cool darkness of the space.
''Maybe later,'' he says dully, and shuts the door on me before I can say anything else. The rudeness? That's Sherlock. The lack of eye contact, the dead sound in his voice - and his experimentation in his bedroom and not the kitchen (and I never thought I'd be complaining about this, particularity) - all of these things make me feel that something is really, really wrong.
''I have this stuff. You're going to love it. Smells amazing,'' and I showed him a bottle of boutique shampoo. Pear scented. Worked the mixture into Sherlock's scalp, massaged gingerly. His eyes closed gently - not tightly, like before - and he let me position him into the spray like a doll. Malleable. I told myself that if he had been truly afraid of what we had done, he would have fled long ago. He simply needed his downtime. He needed to process what had happened.
The question is so maddeningly childlike that my breath catches in my throat. I force it out a moment later, thankful he's talking to me at all.
''Okay. I will try to give you your space. I didn't mean to push,'' and he retrieves his bowl of beans and toast, mostly finished now, and takes off before I can say anything more. ''But please eat something afterwards, okay?''
When I return to the living room a few minutes later, John's own drink has been hurriedly finished off, and the letter tiles for Banagrams have been tossed out on the floor.
His smile is terse, tight, as he pours out several ounces for himself. When he doesn't speak for a few moments, I start to get antsy.
Of course - calling Sherlock anything other than Sherlock, might just make everything all the more surreal.
"I feel funny. I feel- John!," his voice contains a keening, needful sort of plea. But I have no idea what is going on.
''Yes, mmm,'' and I quickly look over the menu, while Sherlock taps his own closed menu with his chopsticks, apparently in no mood to help me order anything at all. ''My friend here can't eat anything fried, or anything hard to digest.''
''I think you need to hold onto him, John. I think you know what he needs more than I do right now.''
So how do I explain that to John? How do I even explain that to Mycroft - who lived through a childhood of unease and stolen glances in my direction? Lurking and traipsing to my room to help me fall asleep? He knows more than anyone else, and still he knows nothing of feeling like this.
I didn't let his attitude derail me, however, and continued to walk astride him as he ambled along on his stick-like legs, as if he were a young adolescent still getting used to his height.
The slight comfort of not feeling overloaded with food has shifted, and a new anxiety is burrowing into the crevices of my brain.
''No,'' I say stiffly. ''When I was in clinic just a few weeks back. You were there when Dr. Riley pulled that stunt - remember? Well, after you left, another doctor came to speak with me. He was...okay.''
The response is immediate. ''Go away, Mycroft!,'' my brother hisses, his voice taught and filled with upset.
“Because I almost started crying like a mewling infant in your office, Yuri, that’s why,” he grouses.
Perhaps it is the impression that there is so much beauty in this world, but also so much deadening pain. Perhaps it is the knowledge that if anyone is really suffering, really badly hurting, that it would be so easy to look past the sky and not see beauty. To not be comforted by anything that exists. Anything beautiful or good. What would the gloriousness of a beautiful sky matter to a family, taking their little boy home from the hospital after he had been raped? Would anything seem as beautiful again?
A little chrome plug-in kettle sits on a rotating disc, surrounded by a wooden container housing various green and white teas. I pick up one from the offering pile, and take the tea bag back with me as I sit down again in the waiting room chair, smelling the scent of jasmine as if the bag is a talisman meant to ward off evil.
And apparently Yuri feels that the body expresses emotional pain even though I keep telling him that I don’t feel as if I am in emotional pain, as such.
The monotony of his activities, the acedic nature of this subsistence, the repetitiously boring nature of his disease.
''Yes. I-I...used to pretend I was a space explorer, and he was a Martian, and it was a Martian hurting me. It wasn't...sexual. It was just physical pain, because he was an alien to me. What we were doing was alien to me because I was so little. I had no context for it back then. I didn't even know it was abuse. It was just foreign. But I had forgotten that. I didn't even want to-,'' and he breaks off, all falsity and look of indifference or irritation completely absent.
''I really didn't want to go to see anyone and certainly not a shrink, so I understand that much. I definitely didn't want to talk to her about how I was feeling. I almost would rather have a root canal for the stress I felt when I first entered Ella's office.''
''I am not psychotic, John. I am not suffering from psychosis. I am aware of how it sounds; I'm just sharing what I feel.''
Moments later, ripples of vomit and tangy old coffee stream from my mouth. Black, gritty ropes of fluid, and I gag against the sick, pushing away the shame that wants to creep to the surface at knowing Molly is seeing all of this. Knowing it's not exactly private.
As he seemed to relax, his body became more placid; I tilt and angled my lower body to graze against his pelvis, then I recaptured his mouth. Kissed him with greater forcefulness.
John is already awake. Of course he is; our roles seem to have reversed themselves in the last few weeks. Well, not exactly reverse, as such: he still sleeps a solid seven to eight hours a night, but I seem to be edging towards sleeping an obscene amount lately. Whereas I used to get perhaps five solid hours of sleep, on a good day, I seem to be edging closer to about 11 hours or more recently.
I've been reduced to speak in the barest of sentences. Although my anger is barely tethered to something I can control, so that is probably for the best.
My whole body tightens on its own. I don't like discussing this subject with anyone, but perhaps - in a weird way - least of all with him.
''This is Bruno,'' Sherlock says, intently studying the animal. ''He's very friendly. He's not like most cats. He likes even me.''
I can feel other things too. I firmly do not let my mind process all the other things that he's edging me to touch, overwhelmed with his behaviour. Overwhelmed by my inability to resolutely get up and walk away.
Sherlock's fingers now squeeze along his sides of his arms. Digging deeper, deeper, and more firmly.
''I do not see how that is any of your business,'' I say sharply, only mentally kicking myself a second or two after I've spoken.
'Stop it, Sherlock!,' the explorer says. 'Be quiet! You'll wake mummy,' and the explorer is getting mad, and his words don't make sense, and I still can't breathe. Then I feel the explorers lips on mine, giving me oxygen from his oxygen tank. The air is warm, not cold. I start to shake and gasp because it's not right, it's not right!
It's something. And it takes effort for him to do that much, and I can see it now. Not just a disordered way of being in terms of actions alone, but the fear: I didn't see that before, didn't understand that eating generated so much fear in him or for him. I thought it made him feel dizzy and light, in the way drugs and alcohol did. I thought, too, that it covered up his upset, and gave him a sense of control - and I'm sure that on some level, I'm right on those counts, too. Starving does all of that, and more.
A further perusal of my belly shows slight bruising elsewhere. I frown at the reveal, and wonder when my body started to look so injured and pale.
I turn, run my hands through my hair. Look at the clock. Fight an impulse to groan when I realize what I'm realizing, given the time.
He's accepting those more lately, too. Talking more, accepting forms of physical affection, telling the truth and expressing his fears.
Perhaps there would even be a bedroom inhabited by a little boy who liked reading books about pirates, or poisonous plants, or chemistry.
Dr. Rouse stares at me in derision and I do my best to not just give it right back when the door to the room opens yet again, and Mycroft enters easily, eyes moving about with startling awareness and examination.
They are linked to a very real, very pressing need to have life be controllable and to be in that control.
A few seconds later, Molly has locked the door behind my flatmate and turns to me, her eyes burdened and worrisome.
''Not your biological father, no. But he was supposed to act as your father, and he was supposed to take care of you. Keep you safe. But he did the opposite. He hurt you. He hurt you over and over again, for years. Violently. Sexually. And it makes sense that you'd have all this anger inside of you. It makes absolutely perfect sense. But you *can't* hurt him Sherlock. You can't actually take out your rage on him, can you? And I would never let you stab him or kill him, even if you could.''
I remove it, more tentatively this time, knowing I only have a t-shirt and an undershirt on underneath this particular article of clothing.
The receptionist gives me a glance, nods, and then goes to enter something into the computer. I do my damnedest to resist tapping my foot against the lino.
''I'm afraid my selection is poor today. I haven't been to the shops at all this week. I do have an organic Earl Grey though that's really quite good. Or Red Rose.''
''Well, I am fairly confident I don't have a sadistic bone in my body, Sherlock. No,'' and as annoying as it is, I can swear Yuri is still smiling.
I have no doubt that Sherlock wishes, at times, that he could become more robotic. There is less pain for those without emotional awareness. But Sherlock is not lacking in emotional awareness.
Not only that: it put us both on equal footing  – that of fellow research-scientists, of sorts. Patrick would clue me in whenever he read something that he thought could be of benefit to my thesis, while I would ask him questions and get him to provide detailed responses in a manner that I know I would never nor could never attempt with any of my patients today.
Sherlock then flips the photo right side up, eyes studying the haunting image as if it's a complex math equation. One he can't quite understand. After a few seconds, his features settle into something hesitant. Nervous.
The gray eyes continued to flicker over my form, not quite registering the hurt that my brat of a dog had inflicted.
The cat tilts his head, and takes a step closer to me. A moment later he sniffs my hand, then licks my fingertips.
Sherlock looks about rapidly, eyes not fixing on any point now. He looks completely overwhelmed. I try to lend my hand in support, once more, as I had only mere moments before. He pulls his hand back quickly, as if burnt.
I stick my finger in my mouth, licking off some of the remnant sweetness that's transferred to my hand.
She was an artist and dreamed of one day becoming a published novelist (she was an amazing writer and actually encouraged me to start writing in the first place).
He laughs again then proceeds to finish off the last of his croissant. When I look down, I realize I’ve only consumed a little more than a third of mine.
Full repentance, and can I act contrite? I'm sure I can; I haven't honed my acting skills so I can be shuffled off to some sort of mental ward at the most inopportune time. The entire idea is ludicrous.
But then a much stronger internal voice pipes up with me, and that voice says: 'who the hell cares if you upset him?'
''I don't want you to be angry with me,'' he says again, in a voice very different to his normal one.
If I eat anything containing mint, I'll gag. I can barely walk down any aisle featuring milk of magnesia without feeling severely nauseated because I associate it with feeling ill. With vomiting.
And he says it has to start with my thoughts. Because it is my thinking that needs to change if I am to feel better. I have to take a look at what I am doing – or what I am not doing – and assess if it’s something I need to have in my life to get me to this place that I’ve never really known. That’s the intimidating part, really. Not just the changes – changes in weight, or in mood, or how others see me – but to get to this destination that I have never arrived at before and have no conception of what I can expect to find when I finally arrive.
Sherlock's breathing is furiously fast now. More so than before. And he looks conflicted. As if I am, likewise, betraying him.
Sherlock's eyes are glistening and his mouth is contorted into something barely holding back a scream. But he stays completely silent, his chest rising and falling as if even breathing requires considerable strength for him.
A slight coil of bitterness and a strangulated rush of anger hits me at once. Bitterness for my friend, for what he experienced, but a sickening anger at myself.
''Then why 'started'? Why not 'happened'?,'' I croaked. ''Why phrase it so well? When you know what I will say before I open my mouth?''
''Your body can only take so much, and that's my concern now, Sherlock. That's Mycroft's concern. I promise we are not trying to take away your choices or your plans or the control you've earned and created for yourself. We just love you. You understand that, right?''
''You can't stay here! I'm not good for anyone. Mycroft is right - caring is not an advantage! I know you are going to leave, one day, and I can't-''
A way to assure whomever is sent to examine me that my actions were plainly stupid, rather than overtly sick.
The flat comes into my perception with a muted sort of darkness and I cough several time - my lungs feeling rough and heavy.
When he finally speaks he looks me straight in the eye. His eyes are cold and blank and hauntingly dissociative.
''Toby started screaming. Thrashing. He tried to bite the doctor. The way I hear it - one moment he's still as a statue, and the next he's screaming bloody murder - clawing at the physician in charge. Sherlock actually got between the doctor and the kid. I just saw the tail end of everything. He looked-''
I've never seen him actually make himself a beverage before (aside from black coffee, Earl grey tea, or pouring himself the odd cup of water).
I give his comment a few moments of silence. I have far more questions now than I did before, but I also realize that too many questions all at once will feel like I'm rushing him. Moving in too fast, from all directions. I want to keep the pace of things reasonable. A conversation.
''This thing must feel so itchy against your belly,'' I growled, and Sherlock shook his head at me, eyes still wide.
''Sherlock. Hey,'' I whisper, taking a seat beside him. I feel an impulse to hug him, and then reevaluate that decision.
"You wanted to know! Last night and this morning! Think talking makes things all better don't you? But you really have no idea!"
I am not sure, given Sherlock's extreme anxiety, if this is for the best or not. If Sherlock will start fabricating reasons and conditions that take on structure and power in his mind, when the situation is fine. When things are truly okay.
''N-no,'' Sherlock says hesitantly in response to my bluntness. ''There is nothing. Nothing else, really.''
He's likely been bullied extensively for being different, and now holds his differences close to him. Unwilling to concede to changing, as he's used to being the way he is. And would likely prefer to see others as deficient and stupid, rather than admit that he's not coping as well as he could. Not living as happily as he's entitled to live.
And it is still a plan with a reasonable likelihood of success, given that I doubt John closely monitors any of the foodstuffs on a per evening basis, nor is he given to scouring the kitchen at five am in the morning for evidence that I've eaten.
''You don't need to apologize,'' I hurriedly say, if only to enforce the fact that he hasn't done anything wrong.
I close my eyes, drop my hand to hold one of his own. He's still leaning into me, radiating exhaustion. My voice is hesitant when I next speak.
''He thinks if he's just kind enough and loving enough and patient enough, I will be the type of person he suspects he wants. Maybe romantically, maybe because he's confused, and maybe because he just wants to fix everything and everyone. Maybe because he has some kind of doctor-complex where he doesn't feel good enough unless he fixes everyone that he thinks is damaged. If someone is hurting, he wants to fix them. Under everything about me that drives everyone else on the planet away, he thinks there is something in me - something worth...,'' his breath is ragged now, and I realize how quickly he's breathing. ''He thinks there is something in me that he might love, but it's just...it's...he could love anything! That doesn't say anything about me, Yuri. Just him. He wants to make people healthy again, and I know he thinks I'm sick and-''
Sally just stares back to me, mouth a hard line as she walks away, ''Yeah, it's alright Fred. I've got this. Stupid idiot always runs himself into the ground,'' she mutters. ''And you-,'' she commands to me, as if I'd be one to listen to her directive in the first place. ''Stay there. Don't move.''
I can also tell he wants to ask a question, but is afraid to vocalize much at all so I squeeze his hand once more.
It has a different feel to it than Sherlock's space. It is impeccably tidy, and rather rich in colours and fabrics and materials. It screams wealth to Sherlock's hodgepodge of curios and preserved insect bodies, skulls and knives.
I want to run out of the flat. I want to hide. I don't want John to know what he knows. Nor Molly, nor Mycroft, or even Lestrade.
''Okay?,'' I croak, my voice sore and tired. Now I feel like crying, for all this talk of needing to vent.
The statement is so intentionally vague that I lean forward and nod - as is my habit when trying to encourage a relatively recalcitrant patient, hoping to get more information.
I shake my head curtly, eyes still trained on the bags of groceries littering the kitchen table. I feel my teeth cut into the inside portion of my cheek. A few seconds later, I taste the tang of blood and salt.
''You sound *exactly* like him in that regard, if that's the case. So why is he considered sick for doing something you do out of concern?''
Sherlock stares at her almost immobile, then finally gives a slight nod of his head in acknowledgment that he's heard her words. But it is to me that he actually speaks next.
I was a scientist, and as such - I only came into my own being, fully and with open interest, once I left the tiresome hurt of my childhood in the past.
He gives me a quick up and down as I approach, and says, ''you look like you're going out for a run.''
Even so, I need to start focusing on what Wellness means, he says. Wellness for myself, individually tailored.
Sherlock goes back to looking at the dying expanse of light on the horizon. The colours in a matter of minutes have shifted as the late afternoon sky turns into the palest indigo and purple.
''No. Male,'' and he hesitantly pointed out the slight protrusion towards the bottom of the sketching that was partially hidden in shading.
Sherlock's smile drops then, and I realize my comments came out as more of a barb and less good natured ribbing.
''Have my rights been restored?,'' Sherlock mutters as I sit down, staring dully at a cup of black coffee. It looks rather grotty.
''You could argue that this is what we are, ultimately. A series of sense events. A series of sense impressions, stored and analyzed. Your sense impressions differ from my sense impressions, and you create a framework from which to judge and analyze the world that differs from my own.''
I placed the can down, angry that I had landed back here. Again. This rotation of therapists and hospitals, and I was still in the same bloody position as when I had been a child.
It takes all my energy not to punch the wall, and I let myself take in big, voluminous gasps of air.
''What do you think it would do to him? If you felt attraction for him, sexually? What would happen if you told him that?''
In the cupboards, I find a box of Shreddies, and a box of Cheerios. A little bowl filled high with brown sugar.
''Okay. Good,'' I tested. ''Just lay back and enjoy the feelings, okay?,'' I encouraged him, before proceeding.
''Your girlfriends, John!'' he spits. ''Is it because they did not give you enough sex? It is sex? Is it because of their bodies? What is it?''
Yuri inclines his head in agreement and then seems to fully register Sherlock's words. Seems to be aware of just how revealing those words are in their unguarded totality.
Sherlock suddenly looks agitated. His expression tightens as he studies god-knows-what on the pavement. Kicks at a clump of wet leaves with his shoe.
He steadies my hand. Doesn't stop me from removing it forcefully, but holds against it, almost midair.
''I'm sure John will try to force feed me once I get back home,'' I say loftily. ''Your offer is kind, but unnecessary.''
I see his eyes glance down to his stomach. Stare at the starched white pajama top which covers his frame.
The cat has awoken and has now moved away from the window, and has rustled the lace-detailed curtains in the process.
I press my hands to the bridge of my nose, to my temples. My head pounds with the pain in his words.
I taste salt on my tongue, and breathe evenly, focused on keeping the contents of my stomach inside my body.
"I didn't break a bone, John! Of course I can walk," he hisses out at me, his face contorting in pain as he moves.
''I am ready to go forward with proceedings that will take the choice, as it may be - of eating or not eating out of my brother's hands, John. But, for obvious reasons I'd rather pursue an avenue less potentially overwhelming for everyone concerned. Not because of my reputation - as Sherlock mistakenly thinks - but because a sectioning request, even rushed, could take longer than I feel would be adequate to address Sherlock's rapid decline in physical and mental health.''
''Okay. You have known someone who was mentally ill. Can I ask if John said or implied that you were mentally ill?''
''Could have fooled me. You don't look 'grainy' at all. I don't think I have ever seen you with facial hair.''
''If you can, I'd like you to consider seeing Yuri. I can even attend for a period of time, if that helps. First few But I won't force you, Sherlock.''
''John Watson. I'm consulting with the Yard about one of the children who was admitted yesterday, and I'm looking for a detective,'' I say easily. ''He would have left the room a few moments ago? A little over 6 ft, dark curly hair - quite thin?'' I use my hand as an approximate gauge to indicate Sherlock's height.
So why should it hurt? Why should the excessive displays of a dramatically indulged childhood - of unabashed trust and stupidity heralded as naiveté - why should that even matter to me, anyway?
''Sherlock,'' I soften my tone, my heart pounding violently against my ribcage. ''Please. I...I don't want to hurt you. I don't know what to do any more and this is scaring me, and I can't ignore it any longer-''
''Like that's normal,'' Anderson says amused, coming up around the bend. He's finishing what looks like a chocolate éclair, and my stomach screams in protest at the food.
One person shouldn't direct all their concern and focus on another. It's so overwhelming for the person of that focus, and too draining for the person cultivating that concern.
''Are you asking me or telling me?,'' I quip, then rapidly realize that my response sounds flippant. Here Sherlock is divulging aspects of his life he's never told anyone, and I'm responding horribly. ''I'm sorry. That came out wrong. I just...look Sherlock, it sounds as if you cared about this man. He was kind to you, right?''
I cannot make a solid, assured choice. Everything is wrong and confusing. Everything I feel is a contradiction, and I want - no, I need, I need - something honest and unchanging and true. Not a disorder masquerading as a savior, and not pain masquerading as comfort.
''Nothing,'' he says with a sigh, suddenly sounding sad, ''just never seen you in a jumper before,'' and again he makes a little tugging motion on the corner of the garment. Not to...take if off, I realize dumbly. Just a physical reference to what I was wearing, I guess, Just a way to show a form of what - affection?
"I had to know if he told you, so I had to get your reaction. I thought you'd think I was a freak, if you knew," and when I speak, my voice comes out in staggered breaths. Monotone voice. Controlled. "Because it is a freakish thing to do."
If he wants to strong-arm his little brother into some shark-black car and whisk him away to a care facility, or whatever the hell it is that Mycroft has in mind for Sherlock - I'm not going to step in.
I stare through John; through his kind eyes and his sandy hair and his solid form. Until he's nothing but buzzing energy. Nothing but particulate. Nothing but electrons and protons and neutrons.
''Yes, indeed,'' and her smile turns sad. ''Looked rather okay, aside from the mess. But - furious, John. He was angry. And something about him seemed younger than young. Even then, and at 23 - he seemed quite young.''
The excuse that I am not a “breakfast person” really doesn’t go over well these days, and prolonging the inevitable just pushes me into a confrontation anyway, so it’s really not worth the delay.
I wish I could make myself feel happy over this display of affection. Because that's all it could possibly be.
“Well you look like shit,” he yawns, turning down the volume on the tellie. I wander over to him and press a kiss to the side of his face.
''Did you really think I wouldn't figure it out, Sherlock?,'' I say a bit more calmly now, not wanting to scare him off. ''Scale or no scale?''
At that second, it's hard to even think of my problems in their totality, because I can only think of how lucky I am to have him as my friend.
I was not stupid. I knew something was up. A something people didn't talk about, in relation to men. Especially *not* in relation to men. And especially not of those who tried so damnably hard to keep it to themselves. Because I knew he was not avoiding eating for attention. It might have done a good deal for attention, sure - but I could see how he ate, how odd he was with it all, and I could also sense when he tried to play it cool. In this area, at least, his behaviour didn't stem from a need to garner attention at all.
''You haven't done anything wrong, John. The fact that you're acting like you have makes me think that...this is something that probably has ripped a pretty big whole in the side of him.''
''Ahhh, Molly. Good. You're here. Always a pleasure,'' I express quickly, without sufficient enthusiasm. Though, to my credit I am feeling very tired.
''Then what? And don't think for a second that the fact you are upset is going to stop this conversation from unfolding! You left the hospital against the advice of the doctors, and you left therapy before the session was even over! You repeatedly terminate every single attempt made to truly help you! So stop playing us! Stop playing both of us! Because I'm sick of it - and if I am sick of it, well...''
"Why should I be ashamed?," Sherlock hisses suddenly, eyes flashing darkly. His mouth is contorted as if I had called him an ugly name. As if I've hurt his feelings.
''Why on earth do you want to know my name?,'' and the lip darted out, moistening the Cupid's bow. I realized he did this a lot, almost like a tic. Nervous, staccato-like.
''Are you?,'' the other man challenges. ''Or do you agree that your weight is under what would be classified as ideal for your height? By quite a bit actually.''
My mouth feels dry, and I'm sure if I took my pulse, it would be shaky. It would be fast and light and weak and sketchy.
I've retrieved my ancient box set of what I call ''old school'' Star Wars. Study the titles, and settle on The Empire Strikes Back.
The mug is chipped, and looks decidedly ancient. To Sherlock, for all the horror of his life, he seems to have retained his rather posh demeanor. It's perhaps the only cover he took from his childhood that allowed him to come across as frosty, if not elevated, and he probably relied on those divisions in expected class and manner to keep a lot of awful things hidden from an awful lot of people.
And even if we explored more about how we feel, or how I feel, or about the messiness that is emotion - where would that lead us?
My voice sounds far more patient than I feel. I've never been a patient person, but I also wouldn't consider myself a cruel person.
Sherlock watches everything with a strong unease, and I find it difficult to swallow down the fruit.
''These games are transparent, and therefore - aggravating. If you are going to play me, Doctor, at least be creative about it.''
''Sherlock,'' I respond in slight frustration. ''You said you'd try to answer these questions. To provide more facts.''
''I am trusting you, Sherlock,'' he pants, sounding scared. And isn't that what he said he was? Scared? ''Don't go into the kitchen. Don't do anything rash. Just stay in here. Stay in here and calm down.''
Sherlock's throat convulses, and his eyes see-saw to the left, then to the right. I can sense the almost-panic clouding closer to the periphery of his mind, vying for attention, vying to keep him sick.
The offer is tempting, but I also know I will likely need to discuss release information with both Sherlock's doctors and Mycroft himself. I'm not just picking up fish and chips.
It's early December and the air nips at my nose and my lungs when I inhale too quickly, so I cover my mouth with my hand.
"Adolescence happened," Mycroft grits out. "I didn't even realize he was struggling so much until it was almost too late, John. Too late to save him."
Sherlock angles his head, and I know what it is: a defensive position. Not overtly defensive, but protective all the same. Protective to not let the pleasure splay across his features. Protective to not let me know how much the soft attentions of a rescue cat mean to him.
''No. I just will head to my room when he calls, probably. And in the meantime I'm going to watch something mindless first. Might make it easier to actually talk later if I turn off my mind first,'' I say, trying to lighten the mood. ''I'm sure you employed similar tactics when you were dealing with Ella.''
He thinks that he has control of his eating, when in actuality - he's operating much like an addict would: trying to hide aspects of his behaviour, being sneaky about his lack of eating and his weight loss.
''John, he was very...without purpose, you see. Brilliant mind, like Sherlock's? Wasting away? Of course he was aching for some sort of meaning. Everyone wants meaning in their lives, but for Sherlock I imagine, more than most. Plus, he didn't have his work back then. I guess he felt aimless. Ungrounded.''
Sherlock takes a step closer to me. I hear, rather than see, him lick his lips. I think I can hear the fluttering of spidery, long eyelashes blink shut against his cheek. The whir and flutter of the pull back. I force myself to look at his eyes. The pupils are dark and demanding and real and his eyes are full and open.
Yuri finishes his water. ''I've forgotten my manners, John. Would you like something? Tea, water, we have some...orange drinks. San Pellegrino,'' he says quickly.
"I never said that something like that defined you, Sherlock. Or could define you," I say slowly, knowing that any wrong word right now could set off a chain reaction of emotions that neither of us is prepared to face yet.
''You need to stop giving them so much water. You're going to kill your plants,'' I had bitten out, impulsively.
''There was an excessive amount of bleeding. You're likely to be feeling very sick for quite awhile. We don't want to put all that on John now, do we?''
''Then tell me! Tell me so I can actually do something! You're not the only detective Sherlock. You might be the most brilliant person I've ever met, but that doesn't mean that others miss everything. Because they don't. And I don't know what to do or say when you give me absolutely nothing to go on.''
''Sherlock?,'' and I realize the voice is suddenly louder and suddenly all the more present in my head.
"I dunno. I'd probably guess that you were much like you are now, I guess. Smaller, of course. Probably just as much a smart alec, I bet."
''Sherlock...I would never hurt you,'' he replies brokenly, his voice barely audible over the thrumming of my blood. ''My God, I thought you knew that.''
A glance in my direction - full of confusion. And then a desolate breath, as if exhausted that he even needs to explain.
And Mycroft goes and plays confidant - when Sherlock should be able to confide in me - and suddenly everything is okay?
''Sarah has no idea, I realize. About your familial line. All the same John, it's not like you to drown your troubles in the bottle.''
“And, yup, here-,” he mumbles more to himself than for my benefit. “I want you to read this, Sherlock.”
''SHUT UP!,'' and he crumples in upon himself, legs folding into a clump, his body edging down towards the floor, wedged against the refrigerator.
I stand at the aisle with a couple packages of Finnish crackers in my arms. The parcel is red and something about these foodstuffs seem doable. Maybe because they don't look like foodstuffs I've tried before. It's a new attempt. Something novel.
''I wan- Hed-wig,'' Toby garbled a few moments later. ''I wah- my owwl,'' and spittle dribbled from his mouth as he talked. And it was bloody.
''So he knew!,'' Sherlock suddenly hisses from the corner of the living room, the scarf now back in his hands, cording through his fingers, ''So he knew that I wasn't into it. That I was distant. That I zoned out. That sometimes I seemed upset afterwards. So what?''
His entire appreciation for the subject has been tainted, and far more extensively than I would have ever guessed.
He nods sharply, his hands grasping onto the paper and pulling it back. He's obviously not finished just yet.
So he latched onto the normalcy of my statement with ease before he took a few more hesitant bites. Evenly spaced, fork placed down yet again between each peck.
Nothing. No stored texts at all, either. From any point in the day since I left him at the hospital, which is actually highly unusual.
I know the moment I put anything into the trolley, I'm going to take a few steps - and then want to just take everything back out, and put it away, and leave the store.
He's still sleeping. John. His regulated breathing is calming and I watch him for a few seconds as his small chest rises up and down, not unlike accordion bellows.
All this time, I had primarily focused on Sherlock's pain. I had given so little thought to Mycroft, being too overwhelmed with what was unfolding around me.
''I know! So I had to start over! And do it again! And eventually it stops. You go back to school, and no one sees, and if there are marks, you hide those under your uniform. And when it resumes, you focus on counting again! You do it over and over again until it's not real! You can do it with anything! With cases you can't make connections for because you can't even breathe! Or with sex - or with anything if you can't consider it.''
I know - somewhere, my mind distantly tells me - that Sarah's telling me we're close, that it's obvious to others that we are close. And she's skipped any sexual laden innuendos - not as though Sarah would be one to use them anyway.
''Right. I guess it's herbal tea for you, then,'' Mycroft says with a protracted drawl, and in some weird way I feel an enormous gratitude for his manner.
Oh, I'm being ridiculous, certainly. If I wanted to find something - some meaning - in Sherlock's every motion, I'm sure my mind could see patterns indicating 'something more' almost everywhere. I could possibly see symbolism in almost everything he does. It doesn't translate into trauma. It doesn't mean all that. I just have to know and accept that people can be quirky, can be different, and if Sherlock is going to admit to anything at all - and to asexuality, in particular - then I might have to accept that it may not be something that was triggered by abuse, either. And maybe that's how I should broach the topic now.
I look up, startled. Not because I truly have ever believed that Sherlock lacks compassion. Only that the admittance of his compassion is something he's always tried to deny.
My eyes come to rest on a photo - black and white - off on the book shelves behind Yuri. Even from the distance, I can tell it's of Yuri and another man. They are holding hands and sitting on a bench. They look...intimate.
I stop, and survey my room. Close my bedroom window, and then walk to my dresser to retrieve some cashmere socks.
''Sherlock - you're shivering. Are you cold?,'' he asks gruffly, not seeming to care much for my tone of voice. Pointing to me with his rye toast, the butter glistening in the light of the kitchen. The oil dribbling off the bread, and falling to his plate.
''Yes. The painter,'' Sherlock responded, now collecting Vernet-the-chameleon from my leg, and angling his hand in such a way as to let the Old World lizard begin an ascent to Sherlock's shoulder, where it came to rest. ''Although, I never really experimented with the visual arts, myself. Aside from anatomy drawings.''
John smiles broadly, seemingly relieved to just have Sherlock in the office. His smile is eager. He's trying to encourage his friend.
''So imagine now, I'm not around one evening,'' John starts to ramble. ''You're hungry. You open the cupboard, and have to take out something - beans, soup, tinned asparagus - I don't care. But what do you choose?''
''No, no,'' and I reach out to touch shoulder, not wanting him to turn away. ''I definitely don't think you're insane. But I think you have a problem, and I don't think anything is going to get better if we ignore reality. What did you say about how ''keeping up appearances'' is bad for people?''
"But he was only a child too," I add. "He was bigger than you, sure, but he was just a little boy himself."
''Please don't-,'' I hiss, wanting to wring my hands through my hair and tug. Wanting to pinch my skin until it bruises, maybe even bleeds.
My attempts to conceal the sudden intake of my breath do not go unnoticed, and Sherlock looks up quickly, his mouth pulled taut, his eyes showing his wariness.
I get up from the bench and tie my scarf more securely around my neck before I pad back to Baker street.
''It's okay, we'll just take this at your speed. If you don't want to talk anymore, that's okay too. But can you tell me the person who hurt your head? Who hurt your head on the night you went to the hospital?''
When I took on his case, he had been admitted to the adolescent eating disorders treatment wing at Evelina and had been in treatment two other times, relapsing both times.
This gutting need to know what's coursing through me, and a weird, hazy confusion that I can't feel anything that deeply at all?
'I stuck my foot in my mouth, and I am sorry. I just wanted to help. I just want to see you get better.'
There are no accompanying memories of Afghanistan, however, and I scrunch up in the bed, clenching and unclenching my hands. Trying to force relaxation into my body. I almost laugh at the irony there: force, and relaxation.
My emotions no longer are reliable though, and I need to stay away from my inner mind that taunts me with what if's and could-have-beens. That sense of loss that accompanies thinking, even for short periods of time, of what happened. To him. And to me.
“Everything is rotten. Inside,” I whisper, looking away quickly. Mentally kicking myself a second later for the words that have just tumbled out of my mouth.
''Sherlock wants me gone. And Sarah has asked me to come to the surgery. They are backed up, so-,'' I look away. Because if I don't then everything is going to register in my face.
In fact, for a good number of my patients the act of physical self-harm is psychologically soothing to them. They feel so completely conflicted as to their own worth as beings, that their worth is assigned to the acknowledgment or applause of others. Then, when that is withheld for whatever reason - the festering, damaged part of their self comes to the fore and convinces them that they can at least punish themselves (through bodily abuse) for their lack of success. For their lack of meaning, or ''worth.''
''Don't worry, Toby. You've been so brave, and it's going to be okay. I just have one more question now, okay? Just one more question.''
''You must never, never think that. Not even for a second. I love you. I bloody,'' and I stop, swallow the spittle gumming up my mouth, ''I love you more than I have ever loved anyone. Okay?''
''Of course not, don't be stupid!,'' and I rise to get a mug from the cabinet, anxiously searching for tea.
''You wanted me to speak to someone,'' I clarify, my voice a low murmur, half caught in my throat. ''I thought I'd get that out of the way this morning.''
''Then they know I am best to help him! They know I solve cases. They know I get things accomplished, while they merely fritter away their time and still have the nerve to call themselves an investigative unit!''
''When I came in here earlier tonight, I was so angry. But I couldn't determine who I was angry at, or how I could make that feeling go away.''
Yuri walks to a small bar fridge located to the far right of his partners home movie theatre setup and riffles around, then pads back with a Perrier a few seconds later.
The only information I got at the time mentioned that salt cravings could be caused by electrolyte disturbances, or nutrient deficiencies - especially inadequate protein or magnesium in the diet. Which I didn't doubt at all, given Sherlock's rather pathetic eating habits.
''Right,'' Sherlock says with mock conviction, a waver in his words. ''Everything is in order. Everything is fine. It is. I mostly don't want John to be so concerned.''
''You know what else?,'' Sherlock queries, sounding deranged. Sounding too young. ''I tried to go under it once. I got to minus 5 and that didn't work, either.''
“Does it feel better than the numbness? To feel anger towards him?,” I test. “Does feeling angry feel good?”
''Try to calm down. The feeling might go away on its own, and I doubt you had much in your belly to start with...''
The issue is even more pressing now, of course. Eating disturbances have a definite pressured need. They cannot go unchecked for too long, because the damage they cause isn't strictly further psychological disturbance.
''The day I met him, Yuri,'' I had offered, hands up in a what-are-you-going-to-do-about-it? gesture.
"I wasn't bad when I was little, and Toby Thiesen wasn't bad either," he adds a minute later, as if I haven't spoken at all.
The cup of soup looks dark red, and it's speckled with green. Basil? Oregano? The tomatoes smell fragrant.
''Yeah. Just like that. Good job,'' I murmur to him, helping him back to his seat. ''It's going to be okay, love. You just keep that going in your head, alright?''
''He was almost 23 when I first met him, John. Heavy into all the sorts of things young men who've gone astray are into, mostly. He drank, some. Mostly it was other stuff,'' and she makes a waving motion with her hands, not liking the subject change.
''I think that is quite likely,'' she agrees, and it helps to dissipate the tension in the room, even though - with my coat now off, the biting cold of the building is more abrasive.
"What do you mean?," Sherlock asks mockingly. And I suddenly see his mockery for what it is. A veil. A defense against anyone coming too close or seeing too much. "There is a reason for why humans do everything they do, even if the reason is illogical. Even if the reason is simple base emotion, there is a reason."
I ignore the question and pull out some additional things from the paper bags. Digestive Tea, with peppermint. Marshmallow root. Betaine. I bite back a smile.
My throat feels bruised, and I suddenly realize I've said too much. And yet, at the same time - I've hardly said anything. I've hardly done anything to address the years of taunting, of name calling.
Perhaps it is because while he is haunted by what happened to him, I was haunted by connection. By my seeming role as spared one, loved one, protected one.
''It doesn't exist, Sherlock,'' I insisted. ''Pain's not real. You go away in your head and it's okay inside.''
''Your intentions are good, and I appreciate your promise. But this is bigger than your intention, especially if you don't know why you did it in the first place!''
On the other hand, I didn't close my eyes for a second. Just continued my motions, until I realized I was close to climaxing, and Sherlock was still stuck half-way between physical pleasure and fear.
Because I won't reveal what Sherlock wouldn't want me to make mention of, even if he needs to face his past. Even if he needs allies that could help him. At the end of the day, the decision of whom to tell, and when, and how - all need to be Sherlock's.
''When's the last time a doctor has actually looked you over? When you've had a complete exam? Blood pressure, UA...I take it checking for hernias is something you feel is superfluous too?''
''Do you think you've linked what they were doing - if it was sexual - with the drugs? Do you sense that's what's causing some of your anxiety now?''
''Adam was a very good person. Perfectionistic, a brilliant dancer, self-deprecating. He was witty, and unfailingly kind. Kind to everyone in the world, aside from himself. When it came to matters of the self, he was very cruel. And Sherlock? You're right - he never saw his death coming, I don't think. He died at the age of 13. At a dance studio, following a class. Did he wake up that morning, expecting to die before the day was out? No, I don't think he did. But nothing about his death was accidental.''
''Mycroft? Dr. Rouse?,'' I test out gingerly, as if the pronunciations are incorrect. ''May I please have a few moments alone with Sherlock?''
''Really not any of our business, though, is it? Look, Sherlock - if what you say turns out to be true - and Mr. Thiessen is caught up in something that he doesn't even know about, truly: if his lover, or whatever you want to call the person he may be cheating with...hurt his son? Do you know what it's going to do that family?''
Sherlock rubs the soles of his palms against his knees. I wonder if his palms are sweaty. He so rarely breaks a sweat in the most extreme of circumstances - even when life or limb is on the line.
I sit down in an empty love seat across from the larger sofa. Catch two semi-consumed mugs of tea. One is obviously Sherlock's, and is nearly full.
He suddenly makes a motion as if to rub his temples, then stops and reevaluates, and turns to his little brother. His only sibling. Perhaps the only family he has left, for all I know.
Yet, and this is far more interesting - for himself he has chosen a more modest section of London to make his home. While Queen's Park isn't rough or poor by any means... it's also not flashy or overtly upscale. It's quiet, subdued, pretty. All things considered - it's pretty therapeutic.
My flat mate glares at me. His blue eyes seem fuller and paler in the weak light of the evening. The pupils have constricted and seem small.
Sherlock's body is rigid which only pronounces his angularity and thinness as he speaks now. He's also leaning away from me, seemingly subconsciously. His entire composition concerns me.
''Not a good choice for someone whose family history is rife with Type 2 diabetes,'' Sherlock states silkily as I pop the tab. John winces and gives me a look that showcases his apologetic nature.
''I'm not,'' I hiss, ''I'm not suicidal. You can take that off the form, for starters. It shouldn't even be a question.''
''John,'' he panted, ''I need your jacket. For his head. We need to support his neck, and stop some of this bleeding.''
The building is a blue-green glass affair with new fixtures. The entry way is polished, bright and clean.
A scratchy sound on the other end of the phone at my question. Almost as if Sherlock has grasped the phone to his chest, lest it drop.
''You're very smart,'' Sherlock tries - as if hearing my thoughts - and I know an appeasement when I hear one.
I realize I feel gritty, sour. My teeth feel fuzzy. I may not be as badly off as Sherlock, but these last few months have been getting progressively worse for me, too.
John, I can tell, is almost bristling inside. Perhaps he's taken my words as a insult of his skills or his training.
''As I got older, I realized I wasn't changing into someone I dreaded. Maybe because I didn't care for anyone that way. That it'd be okay,'' he looks at me abruptly. The expression on his face is odd. The light from the hallway creates a razored line dividing his features into light and darkness. ''And I never did. I never even thought about it. It was just...absent. Attraction, I mean. And I think maybe I did that to myself, too. Wanted not to feel like that so much, that I made it permanent. So I'd never be able to understand it at all.''
John's eyes are searching for anything out of the ordinary and I relax - only modestly - because I am fairly certain I have not left any incriminating evidence in my wake. I cleaned relatively well, and I've brushed my teeth three times over.
''Sherlock - you don't need to apologize for being human. Everyone has less than ideal moments. You've done a lot of kind things for me, too, which I think you are either overlooking or just failing to recognize right now. But I did - and I do - recognize those moments, and I have never forgotten them.''
''What?,'' and I edge forward, so incrementally. I know he must have some pretty deep anger towards me, about what I said to him on the day following Harrison's retrieval from the beach. But so far, the anger projected has been anger he's largely self-directed onto himself, his own self-assessed complicity.
''Hey there,'' I say softly, resisting an impulse to go over there, pull him to my side, and plant a kiss on the corner of his skull. It's been a feeling - almost a drive - that has been increasing in need over these last few weeks. And yet (not a week back) I was the one who told him that we should pace ourselves and hold off on anything that could be seen as 'physical.'
''This is embarrassing - you even needing to ask. It feels…,'' he sputters, ''What the hell is wrong with me?,'' he asks, sibilant.
I also know that commenting, however positively, on a recovering anorexic’s newfound health improvement is a terribly bad idea. It is almost always taken the wrong way – as a suggestion that their weight gain is abnormal, or excessive, and typically causes renewed and unfounded anxiety.
''No! Dammit, Sherlock,'' I soften the intensity of my voice when he flinches, ''It's possible to love people without wanting to have sex with them. And both parties need to want that to happen. It's not about the needs of one person. Besides you have emotional needs, and I would maintain that those would come before physical desire anyway. Right?''
I take in his form. He's had his shower (his hair is still damp, but not sopping), and he's in jeans (something I've never seen him wear, honestly), but he's far from ready. Sock-less, still clad in a silk pajama top. He hasn't even shaved, and the slight scruff on him looks odd.
''I should be alone,'' Sherlock repeats, dulled. His head is tilted at a strange angle, rhythmic motions of fingertips counting out beats at his side.
About 15 minutes later, I've consumed most of the coffee, and a little more than a half of the yogurt.
When I get to the top of the stairs, I knock a little bit in anticipation of what I might find (most likely nothing, most likely nothing at all, Sherlock's doing better - he's seeing a therapist now, and he knows that I'm on board, and that I'm not going to just up and leave, and so he must be getting better) and then open the door.
''Light off?,'' I test, not wanting to offend him with the suggestion that he'd want a light on in the first place.
''It might not be about a concern of abandonment, really. If he is engaging in something like that, he might not want to stop. And he knows that you'd do your best to make sure that he does.''
Warnings: psychological musings on EDs. References and discussions of said ED. Please proceed with caution.
''These levels,'' and the spittle in my mouth is dry. There isn't enough moisture to wet my tongue. ''Your potassium levels are frighteningly low, Sherlock.''
This chapter is special as it the first chapter written from a unique character's POV (Yuri's, in this case). More developments in the next chapter, but I just wanted to provide you guys something, rather than nothing. I am envious of those of you that have a relatively sane and stable existence.
"I don't get it. I really don't get it. Your behaviour has been-," I speak in low tones, inspecting the skin, and getting a butterfly bandage ready for application. As gently as possibly, I press the cotton to the wound and Sherlock sucks in his breath quickly, as if shocked by the sting of the peroxide. "Too shallow for stitches, so no hospital," I mutter. "It should stop bleeding soon."
''You could say that,'' I mutter. ''I mean - seriously - what is the likelihood? It's all culminating today? Some big, cosmic certainty? Everyone on board now? I mean what?!''
John makes Sherlock Ovaltine. Ovaltine makes Sherlock sick. In addition, Sherlock explains more about his past in the clinic, his difficulty with eating, and summons the courage to visit Toby in the hospital. He devises a way to get the child to explain more - without talking. Donovan considers that she may be wrong about her take on Sherlock.
That auburn head is shaking at me. He holds up a finger and his eyes scrunch up in just a very vulnerable and imploring way; I stop my tirade mid-sentence.
And John, too, is out. I can't go to him any longer. Not when he threatened me with sectioning and with getting Mycroft involved again. Because the only thing worse than imagining eating all the food they'd undoubtedly push on me is to imagine eating in a clinic, with absolutely no say, with everyone watching, and with everyone measuring me and constricting my movements.
My head curls in and rests against his shoulder, and a croak of a laugh erupts from my throat. He pauses his speech, and then slowly - I feel his arms come up and nestle around my own, holding me against him.
I am not a representation of an extraordinarily happy anything, and I shouldn't be guiding him on what he needs to do to deal with his pain.
His mouth is working and no sound is coming out and his blue eyes glance up at mine, the mouth still working. A dummy mouth, a ventriloquist puppet mouth.
Sherlock's bottom lip sucks in, and I sense he bites at it lightly for grounding. His clothed hands rest oddly on his laps, immobile and artificial.
''I have some water in my pack, if you want to take one. It's likely another 45 minutes before we get to Yuri's, so now is a good time.''
Sherlock was at The Priory in 1989. That's what he told me, anyway, and I have no reason to assume that his statement was anything but the truth. It was freely offered.
Toby's marked the bottom half of both pages from the hip region to the mid thighs in coarse, cutting lines of red. I exhale slowly, trying not to let the air rattle out as I do.
''I told you why!,'' he exclaims suddenly, twin fuchsia spots rising on his cheeks. ''Oh God,'' and his voice warbles, ''I don't want to talk about this!''
But I visited his website. Saw his intense, unusual interests. His devotion to performing tests on cigarette ash. Over 240 different kinds.
How do I explain that I am well aware of how ridiculous I look but too frightened to change how I have always lived?
''John,'' he starts, ''what I've seen with Sherlock these past few days - with that little boy, and with the mother? That's not Sherlock handling emotions badly at all. That's him knowing exactly what to do and say to make everything just a bit less of a horror show for that little kid.''
I take the Bakerloo line from Baker Street shortly after noon. Given the transit time, I estimate that I will be at least 15 minutes early for my appointment once I make it to Queen's Park. Perhaps closer to a half hour early if I can locate Yuri's address easily. Which I should be able to do, since I spent two hours last night going over the address and memorizing the quickest path to his residence.
''Ulcers, by themselves, are not psychological issues that need or warrant my assistance. So I agree with you. John's wrong. Obviously, he must be. You've outlined why he's wrong, and why your approach to your health is logical. I will tell him that when I see him at his next appointment. Does that allay your fears?''
So how could my self-analysis be somehow lacking? When I have undoubtedly been too proud, and too selfish and too childishly narcissistic in my own peculiar ways?
''Of course we could, but I should have realized. You're a jam man. I have a plum jam, too. And a raspberry.''
It's the only out I'm going to give anyone tonight, and if he doesn't take it - if all of this becomes a horribly big deal - I'm going to lash into Mycroft with such animosity that he'll think twice about encroaching into my territory again.
''What?,'' he asks oddly, licking his lips, before leaning his light frame against the fence. Seems to study the carousel with the white lights and the expressions of the children as they play about on the antique wood-work horses.
That society teaches us that we should. That we are weak to talk about it, to let it bring us down or impact us.
Yuri, 20 years younger, maybe more. His husband - Patrick - equally young. Curly blond hair, and lively eyes. But the photo is strange.
Patient is considered moderately emaciated at this date of admittance, with blood work that is disconcerting. Weight restoration of minimally 15 kg with biweekly blood work monitoring is recommended to reduce the possibilities of complications from nutrient deficiencies occurring. Patient is severely hypokalemic, with testing showing early heart related abnormalities related to the-
When Lestrade walks away, I retrieve my cell phone from my jacket pocket and call in to the surgery.
In this chapter, John and Sherlock go grocery shopping - and Toby reveals to Sherlock who actually hurt him.
''I don't like sex,'' Sherlock responds flatly, as if this statement is explanation enough for the awfulness of his preceding words.
I finally do let myself groan. Put my face into my comforter and groan at what's happening between us and the fact that I can't make heads or tails of it. Is it romantic? What John feels for me? And if it is, wouldn't I have known about it before now? And if it's not, why did he say he loved me? I'm not his child. I'm not his brother. Maybe John thinks you can love someone as a friend. In that Universal sense of love. Maybe that's all there is to it.
Harrison had been in his school's enrichment program. ''Intellectually gifted,'' his school report had said.
''I'd recommend the liquid bandage next, followed by the medium width gauze,'' Sherlock ventured, his body slowly easing with the reduction of pain. ''I have special tape for the gauze which will keep everything affixed.''
''Of course I didn't want him to die. I just-,'' and he takes the nearest item to him - the kitchenette chair - and grabs hold of it - before trying to dislodge it. Before trying to throw it away. It's too big and bulky for that, and his agitation increases as he shoves it away from him in haste. ''I had to count the numbers,'' he whispers. ''I couldn't stop it.''
I was entranced by his mind, and his mind's seeming ability to disconnect from horror. Which, upon our first interaction, was a subject that haunted me. I was haunted by my own obsessiveness. Stuck in a world of nightmares and past mistakes. Ever repeating nocturnal regrets.
He picks up the fork – pale grey eyes still focused on the screen - and slices off a segment of fish. Looks down at his meal, and as I glance over at him, I see his jaw clench.
Duodenal and peptic ulcer presents with ulcer perforation; high risk related necrosis of duodenal tissue located
He's watching the train jet through the tunnel, seemingly transfixed by the interplay of lightness and darkness.
There is no way that this entire thing isn't fucking sad. Not the most poetic of terms. Not phrased eloquently.
I close my eyes, will my temper into place. Focus on what I need to say, and what I need to get him to commit to if this is going to work.
I knew I was early, and as such - being ridiculous. And yet, Sherlock was a hard person to get a feel for - both in person, and through email correspondence. He divided his words between excited statements about random things and then a withdrawn sort of sensitivity, whereby I quickly felt as if I were intruding into his space.
Six inches away from my body. His hand comes out, hesitantly hovering over my own. Then he grabs my right arm. I hear him swallow. It sounds granular and hard. Like his throat is full of grit.
What I did was probably a lot more overwhelming, however. It was not a tactic he was familiar with at all.
"How was the book? By a Dr. Jeffery Issacs, was it? The one on assisting a romantic or significant other through," and he looks back to his pad, "the 'trauma of childhood incest and sexual abuse'? Interesting choice of reading material for a man not interested in pursuing a romantic relationship with Sherlock."
Mycroft makes a dismissive waving hand gesture over to the landing. It's an identical movement to Sherlock's own irritable display of restless boredom.
Sherlock looks over to me, suddenly seeming far more exhausted than when he first woke up. I don't blame him.
''Of *course* Yuri,'' he mumbles. ''And I really don't see how I need to answer that question. You know why. You know exactly why.''
Certainly he knows that, too. Anytime I've said something that's wowed him - I don't think I minded the admiration.
I close my eyes and repress the anger. Anger at Donovan, or Anderson, or anyone who ever made him feel unworthy at some level.
''I know you have,'' I reply, ''And I'm banking on your strength to hear me now. Because emotions are important, but they are secondary to your life. Your continued existence. And you've talked really well about a lot of what you feel - I know you have - but my fear isn't that you're not communicating with me, it's...''
Sherlock turns back to watching the tracks alternate their course of dark and light. Black charcoal nothingness interspersed with brilliant flashes of steel and substance.
''In your opinion, which hardly matters to me, I need help. In my opinion, I don't. Whose opinion matters more to me, do you think? Yours or mine?''
He seems to be listening now with an odd look on his face, and I can't help but hope that I've made a dent. Positively changed some part of his analysis, or broadened his awareness of what he is doing and just how damaging what he is doing actually is - and not just to his body. But how it impacts his entire life - emotionally, mentally, inter-personally?
''I don't know how likely that will be; we don't take any of the same classes, I presume,'' he said brusquely. ''Economics is not really my area.''
As you can probably imagine, my grief is horrendous and each day is extremely difficult. I took some time off from working using vacation leave that I had saved for just under two years (I had been saving to take her to the Star Wars exhibit at Disney Land when she was feeling better).
The story will now be more about choosing to trust in loved ones. Not so much about confinement, nor hiding. As always: a warning for noncon topics (which will be discussed in greater detail in later topics and not so much here) and references to self-harm.
''Not a chance,'' John mumbles. ''How long do you want this to keep at you, Sherlock? All of this? Don't you want it to end?''
''I'm sure the others can continue on today without your assistance,'' I try once more. ''We can tell them you are feeling sick and-''
Or if not him - him as he is now - to pick up and hold the tiny little child that I can see looking back out at me this instant, with huge eyes - wondering what's happening. Wondering why we've stopped.
I recall Sherlock eating a banana once, and add ''bananas'' to the list. I jot down custard too, and rice pudding. Soft, mushy foods that are likely to sit easier on his stomach. I affix the list to the fridge with a magnet that depicts a biohazard waste symbol. An amusing trinket from Lestrade that got tossed into Sherlock's last Christmas stocking.
I don’t look at him. I just sit there and try to push down the feeling that everyone is telling me is anxiety. Free-floating anxiety, specifically – a rotten beast that pops up and instills within my mind this sense of doom, even when nothing surrounding me is going badly or testing me. It comes, and swells over me like a high tide, and blots out the numbness – which I have also started to dislike – but it doesn’t leave me with answers.
And the body stills, his body relaxing - but only marginally. Still, it's a sign. A precursor that he may be able to confide in me if I-
''You don't know what you are talking about, Mycroft. I am just fine and I am seeing someone. With John. A therapist, without your contamination. Now please leave me alone.''
''Get up,'' I say again, stiffness in my voice. ''I'm not changing my mind on this. We can't afford to go backwards, here,'' I add a moment later.
''My stomach hurt then!,'' I proclaim, feeling close to panic. ''Everyone was watching, and I couldn't get it-''
I admit, part of me wanted to put his mind at ease. Show him I'm not so destroyed as a person as to have never attempted anything considered normal or 'healthy' with another individual.
But this time, with these words, I can't help but test him a little bit. Test this situation. See what he'll do if I move fractionally closer to him.
When I was two and a half, I took a bright orange crayon - the colour of a pumpkin - and I scrawled the word ''Lost'' on Mycroft's school planner.
I pat once more against the stall with the back of my hand, my body frozen in place. The vomiting has seemed to stop, but the sound of gasping - and something else, something I can't identify - streams out into the air.
Perhaps what I've looked at as self-abuse is really tied to a greater and much fuller, but not yet articulated fear: the fear of being put into a position whereby Sherlock is expected to engage with other adults, not only as as an intellectual adult, but as a sexual being.
''Well, tonight – after you returned to Yuri's, you seemed irritated. I could tell you were irritated, I could tell you were trying to avoid discussing something. Can you tell me what happened? Not in emotional terms. Just, well, logically. As if you were observing the situation as an outsider, and had to make a deduction – and simply state that deduction to the best of your ability?''
''People who cannot think cannot have a perspective,'' he drawls, as if deliberately trying to test my patience. ''That's like saying that a single celled organism has a perspective about life-''
''You are asking me to let you know if the surgeons or admitting physicians...what? Lied about me?''
''I could do that, yes. I could probably even get him to come here, and I could probably even get him to talk to me. But what do you think is going to happen if he doesn't want to be here? Ultimately, I mean?''
''Okay, baroque,'' I conceded. ''At any rate, it was delightful. I had to listen to the entire thing. Me and Bisquick,'' I said hurriedly, sensing I was generating some form of anxiety for this bird-like creature.
''Let me put him back,'' Sherlock responded tightly, and he suddenly seemed uncomfortable as I turned the pages. A piece of onionskin paper fluttered to the floor and I picked it up.
Lestrade's air streams out in a tide of tension. I can feel the heat from his body and wonder why in the hell the waiting room has to be kept at freezing temperatures.
But I didn’t see any alternative: he had dropped such a large amount of weight so quickly that I was becoming terrified. I knew the mortality rates on the condition when it became severe; I knew that cardiac arrest was a genuine possibility, even in a 22-year-old - and especially given the degree he pushed himself when it came to physical activities such as rowing, swimming and long-distance running with his track team.
The internal confusion and disconnect between an emotional state and the resulting disconnection in the mind and body.
For a moment, I consider reassuring my flatmate that I probably didn't need to sleep. I had slept the previous day. I am definitely not sleep deprived at present moment.
''I don't think you're being ridiculous. I only am trying to clarify. I don't live with John. I don't know him like you do. But from the little I have spoken with him, he seems to be fairly logical. Reasonable.''
''Sherlock's asked me to stay, so I'll stay,'' I say reasonably, noticing that my words seem to marginally calm down my friend. For that reason alone, I will stay.
I sigh, and scrawl out a quick note for my friend - reminding him to drink at least two glasses of water when he rises - doctor's orders! - before laying it against the coffee table where he is likely to see it upon awakening.
The last thing I see before I turn away is Sherlock's thumb moving back and forth rhythmically against the palm of Toby's small hand, and the boy suddenly closing his eyes as if he's slipping into a dream state. Sherlock then leans down and presses his mouth to Toby's ear.
If that's even a need he has? Or if it's merely a need he suspects I have, and for that sake alone - is trying to awaken within himself?
John backs up on his own now. An essential six or seven more inches in an opposing direction. I let out a pent up breath.
''My sister wasn't trying to expose me to anything, Yuri. She wasn't. She was high as a kite back then and I never felt like she was really to blame for any of it. She was basically a kid herself. 15, 16 years old. That's it. But I think maybe I connected her activities in general with what I saw those few times. And I think it probably made me feel some measure of shame. Maybe I linked that shame to her orientation,'' and I stop abruptly then. Not knowing what else to say. Not even knowing what I feel. All I know is that I feel something, but don't know exactly what it is.
So I am not entirely sure if Sherlock's statements about who he is or what he feels in a certain area are always right on the mark.
''Sherlock?,'' he started hesitantly, then seemed to stop talking until I looked up at him in apprehension. Caught sight of his eyes, looked back down at my lap in self revulsion.
''You did,'' my voice is matching his body for warmth. ''But that doesn't mean I'm not surprised. I'm proud of you, Sherlock.''
''No,'' I stare at his lips, and feel my chest heave in anger for him. ''Never for such a reason. Never at all. I wouldn't leave. And...not you. Not ever you. Not ever. You'll always be my best friend.''
I want to lance it, and I can't, so I bring my fingertips to my bruised throat. Press in, lightly. Feel the jagged heat of pain as the digits hit already discoloured skin.
Part of me wants to run towards him, and part of me wants to flee this awful apartment, with its scent of chemicals and science projects.
And out of everything that has happened recently, this is one of the few things that doesn't scare me.
The hallway smells like Pine-sol, but only slightly. There is a plant in a pot off to one side that I've never seen before.
But solving crimes. Trying, in his own way - as emotionally removed as he can progress - to make things better, not worse, for others.
''He's lost weight. I can see it plain as day, for all he'd deny it. I know this case has wrecked havoc with his nerves. I can't have him on cases if he's going to be sick-''
''John?,'' Mrs. Hudson asks in plaintive fashion, her eyes wide and haunted. ''What's going on with Sherlock?''
''You think I'm like Donovan? Like Anderson? Wanting some sort of mindless exchange of fluids in the back of a vehicle? Like anything like that would interest me! Like I'd find that anything but disgusting!''
"What?," he asks petulantly. "Sherlock - I'm trying to make us dinner here. If you don't want to talk about anything else, then I'm not going to force you. But you need to eat. You have lost weight on the Thiesen case, and you can't afford to do that."
But it doesn't work, and he gives me a rictus-smile. More bone than anything else, and it looks obscene.
''Okay. Very well then,'' Dr. Riley breaths out in frustration, ''Sherlock, we want you to talk to our mental health team because we are concerned that you've been hurting yourself deliberately.''
''No. But we will definitely alert you if we get an update or if he's stable enough for you to visit.''
It's hard to imagine him being in any position whereby he'd be expected to shoot - and kill - some random stranger on any given day.
Oh, in very small ways, I tried to showcase a slight odd speaking pattern for Yuri. He's near-fluent in English, but I wanted to create a difference in how he uses words and constructs his sentences to highlight his background - Russian born, French raised.
My mind quickly presents about fifteen scenarios of the last week where Sherlock has shown intense emotionality. Passion for music. Irritation regarding a stupid comment from Anderson. Compassion for an inquired squirrel that lay bleeding in the frost. He actually picked the animal up, and wrapped its little body in his jacket, returning to Baker Street so he could try to save it. Horror over what was done to Toby.
Yet he does seem far more human than most therapists. Most therapists I have known seemed overly controlled. Some even seemed robotic.
''I wouldn't call you back if I thought I'd be overheard, Sherlock,'' Pascal says, still sounding obnoxiously amused. ''I knew it was you immediately. No forgetting that middle name any time soon, either. What's up?''
'We won't watch,' the Martian Trees whisper to me. They sound sad, and their eyes close until they are like Regular Trees. 'We're sorry, Sherlock,' the say to me before they go quiet and they stop looking with their eyes.
Here's a *toast* to new and excellent writing habits. The habit being...actually writing without weeks passing.
I trail Donovan to the break room, and she gives me a look - more sad than angry - before turning and leaving. Through the slightly frosted glass, I can see Sherlock's tousled hair and long neck. He's bundled up in his coat, and the rain-patterned glass is giving the impression that all his body is weeping.
''Yes. I'd go out, and then sneak back inside at maybe 4 or 5 in the morning if I couldn't sleep. I'd keep the lock down with masking tape. The neighbourhoods we were in were usually pretty shoddy, and sometimes that would be its own issue for me because I didn't want to walk around outside, either. I actually developed this near-phobia of the dark when I was about 12. If anything was too dark, I'd get panicky. It lasted for a few years.''
''I didn't make a pot. Do you want a pot? I can make a pot. Earl Grey, English Breakfast, and we have-''
Sherlock rises, but his form is not impressive this time. He has the gaunt, brittle look of a Tim Burton character. A Jack Skellington brought to life. And that's Sherlock covered in layers. Under those layers - two shirts, a sweater, trousers, and a very large coat - he's even thinner, and gaunter.
Toby's made an admission of sorts. Sherlock makes an admission of sorts. But will John catch it? Will anyone?
''I can't help what people do or don't believe,'' he deploys, next. His moods have been all over the place for weeks now, but this is something else. This is a rapid cycling of emotions in the space of less than three hours, and it's making me feel ill-prepared to deal with him tonight.
''Nothing is happening! It's my life! I decide if I want to have coffee more often than not, or skip breakfast, or seek therapy!''
''I was upset with Yuri. Because he thinks that I am not being honest with you. Not being honest with him, either, perhaps. It angered me.''
John doesn't say anything for a long while, although I hear his slight movement as he reorients himself on the bed.
So I'd sneak into his room at night. His nursery - previously my nursery. Unpainted, no toys, no nothing. All stripped. Bare.
I suddenly have a vision of John, face pinched, watching me with a pained expression as I shake and sputter in a bathtub full of artificially generated blue water. And then later - once it was truly morning - John's words, his face looking so close to crumpling into tears as I shouted at him and Mrs. Hudson:
Sherlock's blood work is extensive. A number of tests not only dealing with his opiate overdose, but tests to monitor other conditions - have been performed.
''I get it,'' I say quickly, not wanting to put Sherlock in the awkward position of having to explain more when just asking the question was probably hard enough for him. Hard enough to admit that he was feeling so scared in the first place.
This is, to me, the issue that generally disrupts healing and overcoming past pain the very most. The inner war of the patient. The sense of sickness - the acknowledgment that they are, indeed, not healthy. And not just a little bit 'under the weather,' or a little bit 'blue.' But completely depressed in mood, self-hateful in their activities, engaging in activities which express a rage against their own ability to be healthy or whole.
These weren't normal fantasies as I had experienced them with others I had an attraction for, yet, upon awakening I knew that they were about sex, just as Sherlock asserted. That what we were doing in these dreams was sexual, because our trousers and pants were always absent, and the dreams were distinctly sensual. Sherlock always surrounded my body while I was contained by his own, a blanket covering us both.
''Maybe not. Because you won't talk to me! You talk around the issues, but you rarely address them directly. And I am a doctor, so I more than know that you can't continue on as you have been, on absolutely no food.''
They look like colouring sheets, but they are sketchings of a boy. Four pages of fairly detailed reproductions of a child's form. There is a front view, right and left side views, and a view of the backside. The cartoon is, of course, lacking clothes, and is anatomically precise.
My hand drops down to Sherlock's skull, and I stroke at his temples in a circular motion. He flinches, but doesn't turn away.
The bones look like they are attacking him from all angles. His eyes are sunken and when he moves about or swallows, his cheeks sink in, which makes my bowels tense up in anxiety.
"And you think, what? The fact that I am angry about what happened to them means something more? Something's wrong with me too? Because I'm Sherlock Holmes, and I'm not supposed to feel anything for anyone?"
''Nothing of any importance!,'' he reiterates, voice rising, then moves away from me and hurries onto the train as I follow behind in a daze.
The air bites at my throat when I finally get to the NSY parking lot, and I walk quickly past the cars - my heart in my throat.
John's eyebrows rise to his hairline, and when we catch each others line of sight, I bite back a smile. Mainly as he looks so surprised by the compliment.
Sure, I want nothing more than to 'fix' Sherlock. But badgering him to talk about subjects that haunt him this greatly isn't helping and I need to step back. Try a different tactic.
I was in an office, talking, speaking with a calm person. No physical pain, no screaming, nothing to generate such anxiety.
Swallowing, I add, ''last half hour, I think. By ambulance. His name is Sherlock Holmes. H-O-L-M-E-S.''
''Did this doctor do anything wrong in this precise case, Sherlock? Specifically as it relates to Toby?''
“I want to talk about how I can feel anger now. I didn’t come here today to get upset!,” he adds with an invective tone, as if he wants to swear but is restraining himself from doing so.
She doesn't comment on my choice, and for that I am grateful. A moment later Molly places another mug of tea to my right - which I quickly realize is for herself, and cozies up in an overstuffed love seat. She, too, has removed her shoes. Her socks are green and tan, and from what I can see - seem to be peppered with embroidered squirrels.
''That may be the case. But if he's not been dismissed by his profession. If there are no charges set against him, your animosity is not going to be understood. Are you absolutely sure it's the same doctor?''
''You do, Sherlock! The fact that you can't do that is what is disturbing them. You must realize that!''
It's a need to soothe, a need to offer support that is softer and more gentle than what I normally would feel for an adult friend or colleague, even one in distress.
''Not what the Nyquil is for,'' I drawl, half-hearted in my attempt to chastise him for self medicating.
''You have sex with them,'' he says resignedly. ''But you don't love them at all. Isn't that a bit not good?''
''That lovely little surgery where they cut out part of my stomach? As if that will increase my appetite. Cretins.''
I decide to not address the fact that calling it a 'thing' denies the darker aspect of the entire situation.
''There was blood, John. A lot of it. I think it was blood, anyway,'' and his voice drops off into a whisper. ''Dark red and tarry. We called an ambulance.''
''Go on, then. We need this space,'' Yuri says, nudging the animal lightly with his sock, while the cat - Gwennie's - ears lay flat against her head and she cries once more. ''Oh no, don't look at me that way. I didn't name you.''
My eyes settle and catch on new objects, too: a plastic water pitcher with an assortment of sea-foam green plastic tumblers. A stack of books - some obviously from the library, some which look newly purchased - all science or crime based from what I can see at quick glance. The room is tidier - and cleaner - and my bed has been made over with fresh sheets and a preponderance of blankets, for which I am actually grateful.
''John, I have a question. When you were a child did you ever leave the room? When your sister was engaging in sexual activities, or doing drugs?''
Molly never disappoints with her whimsy. It's as strong a feature of her personality as Sherlock's eccentricity is a feature of his own.
As the sky turns dark, his heart starts to slow, and when we break apart, he's studying the snow beneath our feet.
And I realized that when I needed the support, I did not have it. I had deliberate avoidance and dismissal - and for that reason, had perpetually felt devalued.
''Remember, Lock. Don't over-think this. Just give your body what it needs,'' I murmured against his ear, and he started to move, then. Furtive little shifts, his eyes closed tightly, as if watching a terrifying film.
"Feeling better?," he asks pleasantly, with only a hint of sadness from the earlier evening still splayed across his face, and I nod curtly.
“Well, THAT seems like a nutritious breakfast, Imp,” I chuckle, grabbing his least favourite flavor – licorice – and popping it into my mouth.
I frown at the motion; it's still cold outside. Colder than warm. Brisk. And Sherlock is still bundled up in his coat. He's obviously not too warm.
For starters, Patrick isn’t fond of euphemisms in general, and certainly not when they have to do with sex. In fact, he tends to be almost bashful when it comes to instigating anything physical between us, even though we have been together for more than two decades. Instead, he prefers to show his interest in quieter ways until I take the hint.
But he needs to be able to process his emotions, on his own time, and if and when he needs it - in privacy.
I stare at John's pajamas. Forest green fleece, belying a warm and cuddly shape. Solid shoulders. Soft, mildly tanned hands. My eyes flitter up to his own. Kind blue eyes. Concerned eyes.
"I know. I experienced it a lot back then," he hesitates for a moment. "Sometimes, I still do." I have to strain to hear the admission.
''Not typically. Digestion impacts my ability to think. It is disruptive in my ability to make connections.''
"All the more reason it would be hard for him to talk with you there," I state evenly. "He cares about your opinion of him. He will not willingly allude or communicate anything we need to discuss with you in the room."
''When?,'' I request feebly, as my face prickles with heat. ''Is this about what I said during the case? When you didn't want to take the case? Before Toby?''
''You'll have to finish the shopping without me,'' I say quickly, buttoning up my jacket. ''But I'll see you later. Unless you want to come, too?''
''John doesn't need to change anything about himself. He's-,'' and the lanky man clears his throat now, ''he's fine the way he is.''
"The next day his affect still seemed...off. In a way more staggeringly alarming than his chronic shame, his embarrassment. His sense of self-loathing was absent, but so was any other previously discernible expression. He acted almost like...a robot. What I found most alarming was that his speech seemed flat and almost schizoid in manner. In the back of my mind, I recall worrying he had had a psychotic break."
But there is frost on the ground, and the estate is too far from the main road. My legs will freeze into leg icicles. I stare at the trees and whisper back, 'I don't know what to do.' The trees stop moving. They stop speaking to me. All they ever do is tell me to run. That's all they ever say.
I stare as the remains whirl down the drain: a white, mushy substance that is undoubtedly crackers or biscuits. Possibly toast. The smell of bile assaults my nostrils, and I move away quickly.
John opens his mouth, and I hear some blended consonants, then: ''you were having a night terror, I think.''
A shudder like a sound of air rustling papers, and: ''Dandelion tea, most herbal teas, sometimes black tea. Coffee. Seltzer water, tap water, sometimes sugar free jello. So I can take vitamins. Otherwise I'd get sick if I took them on an empty stomach.''
''I love you, Sherlock,'' I whisper to his sleeping form. ''I love you, and we are going to get you better again. We are going to send this disorder off packing. It's not going to get you. I won't let it.''
"Look, Sherlock. He didn't even want you to know that he had spoken with me! He expressed - very strongly - his recommendation that I never even bring it up. He merely wanted to clarify a few issues. And he didn't really tell me much more about what occurred than you did."
I sleep for another three hours, and rouse drowsily. I've never slept this long in my life, not in one day - and when I glance at my bedside clock I'm informed that it's past noon. I crack my neck, relishing the pop and the sudden rush of looseness, and then groggily rise. My hands ghost over my cheeks, my chin. They feel rough, sandy, and I grimace in distaste - remembering that I didn't shave yesterday. My hair also feels damp. Sweaty. I look down and notice an extra duvet on the bed. One that suspiciously looks like nothing I own.
I expel my breath and turn away, wanting the conversation to end now and as we walk to the kitchen, John suddenly turns to me. Studious and intent. More so than our previous interaction.
For some individuals, it wouldn't make a whit of difference. But Sherlock likes scientific explanations. It's how his mind works. He likes to know the in's and out's of things. And beyond all that - I'm just hoping I can distract him a bit.
''I don't know. He's not my patient. I don't know where he's at. If he's that ill, perhaps. But at his age, John - we're talking sectioning. That's quite an involved process, and it stays on official medical records for all time. We're talking...trying to convince a judge that he's too sick to legally be responsible for his own person. It could do its own damage to his psyche. To your friendship, and damage his trust. In you. It could even generate further issues with him needing control. With craving control.''
“I don’t care if it hurts,” I reply quickly, not liking the assertion that I would somehow be afraid of a little medical exam. Even one that caused pain. “And as you can see – my potassium and electrolyte numbers are much better than they were when contrasted against the previous two weeks.”
''Why'd John think that? That you should see a male doctor?,'' and I don't even know what it is that I'm zeroing in on, here. What I feel is so unusual about the words. Other than the fact that whatever illness is impacting Sherlock's dietary practices would not seem to-
And suddenly one of my hands is in one of his, and my throat feels tighter, even though I didn't think it could feel anymore constricted.
''Not today! I don't mean today! But someday! Maybe even soon! You are going to find someone, and you will want to get married and have children, and probably a dog with a stupid name and do all those expected, boring, mediocre, normal-''
''He's been washed, his wounds tended to - there is a good possibility that we won't find DNA anyway.''
And there we have it: the crux of the issue, and the main concern Sherlock had about this case. About potential revelations on this case. As expressed not more than an hour ago in that dingy restroom that spelled of lemon antiseptic. Near a toilet filled with vomit.
''Do you want me to stay?,'' and my tone is one of feigned nonchalance. Or that is my hope as Sally turns to look up at me, just I catch Lestrade call to her from the edge of the hallway.
This isn't a form of therapy. This isn't something I have read about in any of my 'helping your partner through abuse' books.
''Mrs. Hudson,'' John supplies easily, slight smile upon his lips. ''She thought some added oxygen would do you good.''
''I wouldn't ever...advance. He's not, he's - God, can we even discuss him like this? It feels wrong, but I do feel as if I need to talk to someone. About him, I mean. And I wasn't trying to come here under false pretenses. I wasn't.''
Before I leave his room, I bend down and pick up a snowy owl stuffed animal that has fallen onto the floor. It's grimy and obviously well loved - a security item that he has probably had since his infancy. I lay it gently on the bed, not wanting to touch him directly. A moment later, the boy's arm blindly reaches out for the doll and pulls it away from me, holding it close to his mouth.
''I don't know,'' he whispers, his eyes wide, imploring me to believe him. ''But I'm not ever going to do it again. I promise.''
"I promise not to get mad at you, Sherlock," I say evenly, trying to keep my fear from showing. My own horror.
''This looks odd, Yuri. This looks like you've already done research on Sherlock for-,'' and I battle down my anger and open the book to the page indicated.
Sherlock looks back to the children, their giggled and hurried chatter changing the quality of the evening, the feeling of our communication.
I feel his warmth. I feel my coldness next to his warmth, and if this is what thawing out feels like, if this is what feeling anything deeply is like – then it’s not very pleasant.
Sherlock had been working a petty crime case that he said had some ''intriguing dynamics,'' and for that - the preceding week I had ignored him in anger.
Before Patrick leaves – freshly shaven and smelling like mint – he ambles back into our shared work/ TV room.
''You c-can,'' he breathes the two words out in stuttered hesitation - anxiety - and they clang about in my cranium. ''You can touch me. Anywhere you want. Anywhere you need.''
Next I squirt out a quid-sized worth of orange scented body cleanser and rub it over my frame, in sections. When a section is completely scrubbed and cleansed, I rinse off the residue and mentally delete that part of my anatomy from my body's daily to-clean list. Clean areas are in green, dirty areas in red. At least in my mind. A sort of easy to understand Go and Stop system.
"No Ebola outbreak, Sherlock, sorry to say. I'd know you'd probably find that pretty exciting," he says uneasily, his eyes still owlish and somewhat guilt-ridden.
It is 4:33 AM when I consider a sleepless night a foregone conclusion. I grab my violin, bow and slippers, and pad down the hallway, locking the main door as I do so and stepping out onto the pavement.
"The fact that I was a reactive idiot of a child? That sounds like a hilarious joke to me, John. How someone apparently so smart could do something so dumb? And then to be caught, to be bandaged up, to be kept in 72 hour hold? I think that's freaking hysterical."
''No,'' Yuri rushed in. ''It's not because you are a sociopath. Many, many psychotherapists believe that alexithymia is a condition linked to improper construction of emotional needs, the disavowing of emotional needs. It has been linked to the need to structure reality so that it is logical, not emotional. It can worsen in times of stress, and can develop at a young age, but it's not the same thing as having a personality disorder, even if there are some similarities. It is higher in those on the autism spectrum, however.''
''How are you feeling?,'' I try again, not having gotten much of a response from him the first time.
The lower font is brown and orange and a retro cartoon crow winks at me. The wink is nearly eternal, because the sign is illuminated by lights that pulse in and out to 'animate' the cartoon in red-expressiveness. A red cartoon eye opens, then winks shuts, and progresses to do the same thing all over again not a moment later, and then again the moment following, and so on. Ad infinitum.
His jaw muscles have now tightened up in emotion, and the change in his features almost takes me breath away; it further draws out his face in cords and lines and haunting thinness, so I brush the rippled lines of muscles, no fat, with my thumbs - as if trying to erase the horrid emaciation with my hands.
''Prime spot to rest if you thought you were carrying something so dangerous and contagious,'' I quip, and watch his mouth quirk into an almost-smile.
''A couple months,'' he admits, pocketing his change from the vendor; popping the lid of the coffee.
I am getting back to Baker Street as the sun is setting. The weight of styrofoamed Indian cuisine in plastic bags is cutting off the circulation in my fingertips (the bags are affixed with bright orange smiley faces that say ''Thank you for your purchase!'' - something that would normally make me grin, but not tonight).
"It was 23 years ago, John! I don't know what I was thinking when I did it! I guess I was upset," I huff.
I know he can hear me, but I cannot help it. I need to talk to him and I will stay as close as I can until he lets me in.
''I'm very angry,'' Sherlock exhales, body finally settling into a muted pose, ''I'm very angry at what you said!''
Somehow, worse than his past, is his present. Is...all of this. What's he's just said. This fear that I would hurt him at all - in any way - but never mind in such a grotesque manner.
His previous bouts with this disorder were more consistently regimented, with weight loss that seemed to occur in an almost mathematically precise format.
''It won't come out,'' Sherlock whispers, his hands grasping the porcelain, his mouth choking on spit. ''There's more inside.''
''Go to hell, Mycroft!,'' Sherlock seethes, his face contorting into that age-old expression that I've seen only once before. Age 12. Psychiatrist. Talking to Sherlock. Talking to Sherlock about what was normal. What was destined to be in my brother's biological future.
''Let's take this off,'' I encouraged, slowly peeling the garment from his lanky body. It catched his undershirt, and the two items of clothing came off together, disturbed Sherlock's hair. Electrified Sherlock's hair with static, which I smoothed down with my hands.
Sherlock nods. ''Yes, I would have. I made a promise to John, to try. I'm trying to uphold that promise,'' he whispers, and damn it. I want to hug him. It's not the right time to do so, but I want to offer him that little bit of surface strength.
''John, part of the problem with these conditions is that at a certain point extreme malnutrition can make it very, very difficult to rationally analyze situations. It's part of what makes eating disorders so difficult to truly reverse, especially the longer a person has been suffering. If Sherlock is truly not accepting where he's at...then part of the issue might be that he's too physically unwell to proceed with therapy anyway.''
I knew it wasn't healthy, and I certainly knew it wasn't normal. But I didn't know how to speak of it without breaking our general ease.
''Sherlock couldn't get the boy to speak - but he could get him to write down words with a crayon, and also - to do that.'' And she points to the sheets of paper as if they are venomous. ''It was pretty obvious the little kid wasn't going to tell us on his own, and-''
Had the situation been reversed, I'd likely be a bit stung. I admit it. But I didn't really think before I did it. I just wanted him to lay off his tirade, and his mock I'm-superior-than-you tone. In front of my previous peers from Uni.
''Tough,'' I growl, the anger that I had been keeping bottled up for three days now threatening to be exposed. ''You need to talk about this, so we are damn well going to talk about it. About what you did to yourself. Especially since you had me to come to; you weren't alone. I would have helped you in any way I could have!''
My friend tightens his hold on the blanket, and is quiet for an impossibly long time before responding.
''Alright then, I guess I will see you at your next Go meet up. Or your next...musical event. Whatever comes first.''
“We could head out towards Regent’s Park. Go for just a bit of a walk. Grab a coffee. Hamley’s is quite close,” I stress at the end.
I budget my breath. Neither breathing out too forcefully nor too restrictively. Even with the regulation, I quickly feel dizzy.
''Go to the zoo,'' Lestrade continues on as if he hasn't been interrupted, ''Or the aquarium. But you're going to get better. I don't want you anywhere near this case - or any other case - until I'm confident you're not in danger of having to go back to the A&E, do you hear me?''
My favourite days were those that were not excessively cheerful – as far as weather goes – but felt rather dark and brisk. Days when I could wear my greatcoat and the rain was falling lightly – just enough to dampen John’s hair into something a little darker, bringing out caramel tones that contrasted against the hue of his skin.
At Mrs. Thiesen's look, Sherlock abruptly stops talking, then looks to my left, then back down to the table.
There really are no adequate words to express the loss. She was my best friend and the biggest and warmest presence in my life. Most days I simply operate on auto pilot and I have felt completely uninspired to write - to do anything, really - and the weight of her passing has left me very low in energy and in mood. When I am not feeling very down, I am very numb and nothing seems to hold my interest for long.
''Okay, I'm going to get some gauze and butterfly bandages. And I want you to keep a cold compress on afterwards. It'll keep the bruising and swelling down to a minimum.''
‘SH & I discussed feelings, moods. Having substantial issues with organizing thoughts. Feels unsettled. Still won’t address many questions posed. Weight gain is modest but consistent. Exceptional anger when attempt was made to discuss father, brother.’
''Does it matter?! Do you let a person whose cruel around a child whose scared? You don't! Not when you know better!''
What's more - for some reason the enormity of that declaration has stayed towards the back of my mind up until now. In a category of 'things-I-have-yet-to-deal-with.' Because I know I need to deal with them - bring them up - but I also know that they'd be the most complicated of subjects to bring up with Sherlock. Not just dealing with what someone else did to him as a little child. But also what he did to himself of a violent nature when he was a child. And what he's doing to himself currently. Not eating enough, voiding what he eats, using sharp instruments to damage his skin. It's almost like a free-for-all for him, a means of seeing how many ways he can hurt himself. Or at least that's what it feels like to me.
''It's like I am on a merry-go-round, and I can't get off,'' I exclaim, ''and the thoughts keep changing. I feel okay, but then I feel dead. When I stop with the work, it comes back.''
In actuality, it takes 34 minutes. Which isn't awful for a person such as he; one whom occupies a ''minor position in the British government.''
His arms fist around my sides - hinge-like and clasping, and I lift him up. Replicating my actions on the night when I found him, bleeding and alone and left out in the rain by the train tracks.
''Why are you so mad?,'' he whispers, stepping back from me as if he's scared. ''I didn't do anything to hurt you. I didn't even do anything to hurt myself.''
''Please listen to me and hear me when I say this: Toby needs to feel. He may not like those feelings at first, but it's better he gets them out now. Whatever is inside him is akin to...shards of glass. Clear, hard to detect but sharp, and painful. Right now your son is full of broken glass, and if you don't remove the glass - if you leave him alone to tune everything out and deny what's happened - it'll hurt less right now, that's true. But then the skin will grow back over the top of all that mess. And the glass will still be there. Inside of him. Only one day he'll be grown up, and the glass will still be inside him and it will still hurt for him to do normal things. Because even normal things will scare him. And it will still be painful. Do you understand what I'm telling you?''
''Sherlock you're not some mere 'prospective' partner to me! You are my best friend in and - don't shoot me! - but I think we are both a little confused about some things right now. We are both tired and it's normal to gravitate towards any offering of comfort when feeling low.''
And if there is something there - something hedging romantic attraction, at least - then I have an inkling that it's not a one-sided situation. I mentally file the information away for something to bring up in a future session.
Sherlock glances over at his brother, then back to me - eyes wide and seeming to question why I am asking him these questions in the presence of his older brother, when at last he gives a very formal and rigid nod.
"It doesn't look like you've eaten much of your breakfast," I say a moment later, mouth still slightly full with biscuit. "It must be hard to eat with the cast."
He's (as I suspected) resolute. He's going to stay with the boy. Even Toby's mother had been asked to leave. Toby eventually given a mild sedative. Not enough to totally put him out, but enough to reduce his anxiety. Thank goodness for small mercies.
My mouth quirks into a smile. It's a kind offer, but inherently worthless, as far as a quid pro quo.
I try to stop thinking that thought by being proactive. I end up rooting through his desk drawers and removing anything excessively sharp. I package up some extraneous cups we don't really need (all glass) and leave the sturdier, hard-to-break plastic mugs in their wake. I scour the bathroom, and find a pouch with a straight razor and confiscate it immediately. The fact that I can see remnant flecks of dried blood on the edge makes me queasy.
''And half a box of Shreddies, and the remainder of the Cheerios, and the remainder of the parmesan cheese? A jar of tomato sauce? Half a block of butter? I found the boxes in the recycling. I found the rest in the garbage!''
When we finally leave, it’s with a bundle of nutrition guides and even more books on gastrectomies, along with a multitude of forms and ‘homework’ for our next appointment.
He runs his hands through his hair, which suddenly seems longer and unkempt. Perhaps it's just his daily growing thinness, distorting his features, and making everything look too big on his frame.
Sherlock looks reflective for a few seconds, and opens his mouth as if to speak, his eyes turning to meet mine. His mouth opening and shutting as if he is trying to vocalize something he cannot even name.
''You don't have to do this to prove yourself to me,'' I test carefully, not knowing how to fully articulate my trouble with his quick offering of something so romantic to me in the wake of such terrible fear.
I've barely brushed my teeth when I see him in my peripheral vision, freshly dressed in an emerald green jumper. The jeans, however, remain.
I move to the coffee table, and pick up the cups and the plates. The uneaten salmon, and the uneaten vegetables, and the barely touched tea – and make my way down to the kitchenette.
Thin arms come around and slowly dislodge the blue greatcoat. His arms are thinner than I remember, even accounting for the modest weight gain of the last half week. Next: a flurry of motion, and the scarf is slowly displaced and set aside. I see it as an un-vocalized challenge. An anger put on display, and the bruising now on trial.
I emerge from the shower and dress quickly, quietly. The shower was warm, but my insides still feel cold. I actually feel worse than I did last night. Weaker, and so much more concerned.
The thought flaps about the periphery of my consciousness. An almost destined warning: it could happen again. You could witness Sherlock become a junkie. It could happen.
I nod slightly, my smile tight-lipped. Probably more awkward than it should be considering I am not doing anything wrong; I still hand over the materials with an alarming sense of reservation for a person not doing anything wrong.
''Hush, you,'' and I infuse the hug with a little bit of pressure, aiming to put my empathy, my concern, my love into the hug. ''We will find a way to help get all that anger out of you. I promise.''
I can tell he has decided that the conversation has come to its end, and is now unceremoniously escorting me back to the car. My head is swimming with unanswered questions, but I follow mutely - completely overwhelmed.
Mycroft sniffs in what I see now is a mock-haughtiness, not a genuine sense of superiority. ''That's because I usually do.''
John, strangely enough, winces. And in the back of my mind, I feel a disorienting, sickening 'no.' No, he wouldn't have told him. No, he wouldn't have done that to me.
''He's not speaking, which is bad enough. You're right. But allowing him to keep all the things in his head to himself isn't going to help him in the end. He could begin to regress, to dissociate - and you don't want that to happen to him. It'll make it that much harder for him to address what has happened. That much harder to heal.''
John settles in, and a ghost hand - light, barely there - descends against my scalp, gently and carefully. The presence - if I could feel nothing of emotion and only of sensation - is very pleasant. For this reason alone I try to relax into the susurrus of movement and sound.
I pull my duvet up higher against my torso, and let my gaze fall to my bedroom window. The sky is streaked with a reddish purple. The sky before a storm.
I let him pass to the sinks, where he washes up meticulously, and I do the same, scrubbing around the webbing of my fingertips, then blow drying my hands under the dryer.
I look up, still bracing the file awkwardly so that only I can read the information contained within when he adds, “You’ve got this. You always do.”
''You don't say,'' I drawl, in equal-mock interest. Because I cannot relate to him as a brother any longer. Notably, because he's never actually seen me as his brother. He's always pushed me away on principle.
"I told you because I was angry," I bite out. "And because I know Mycroft likely already told you. And because I wanted to shock you. Make you stop talking about everything. I can see now that my attempt has failed."
I don't actually articulate my thoughts, then: that Sherlock was, indeed, almost half dead when he got to the hospital not even three days previously.
I see the Speedy's sign in the distance. Images flood into my mind. Mrs. Hudson and scones and butter and jams and me, shooting the walls. And 'this is coming out of your rent, young man,' and me, feeling okay with her anger, because it was an indulgent sort of anger. Feeling almost happy with her grim, crisp voice.
As I spoke my mind (panicked, rambling) - overwhelmed by the situation and already feeling denied the support of my mother and father - I began to cry in earnest.
But if I try to observe - not see, as I always do - but observe, then I can acquire new facts that show this is not arousal at all.
''What are you doing?,'' I ask impulsively, hating the high note. The strained sound, almost like I'm afraid of him.
But John is also very trusting, and also very willing to forgive. And despite his history of involvement in the army, and his job dealing with sick and diseased people - he always seems to want to lean towards thinking that all ends can be optimistic ends. Something I've at times envied in him. His ability to have some sort of hope that things will turn out okay, regardless of what came before.
''I guess. In a way. But amidst all that I sometimes saw things that generated, well, maybe issues. For me. Regarding same sex relations. When I was a kid, I mean.''
But what I always found astounding was that as his OCD worsened in severity, so too did his appreciation of how far he was physically suffering.
She straightens her tan jacket then, and the motion - so proper - irks me. I feel an impulse to punch someone.
''I,'' and now he hesitates, ''I like you.'' Just that. Just that childhood expression, and nothing more.
My legs go weak - not with defeat or disappointment, but with some horror of unnameable pain. Greater than anything that has come before. Worse than this earlier words and admissions, somehow.
His face twists away from the mirror, and he finally starts to back up, his legs straining against mine.
To be sure, I know I am inordinately fond of John. Almost to an absurd degree. To a degree that mucks up my ability to concentrate. But is it love? I don't know.
''Manipulative? Sherlock - anyone can be manipulative at various times in life. That in itself doesn't tell me enough. That's one trait.''
''Right, well - it's almost noon, so I think it would be a good time to prepare lunch at the very least. What would you like?''
And just like that, I start to wonder if the motion was more instinctive, and not really thought out at all.
I can see Pascal nodding as he says, ''Right. Well, yes. I have a placement. Only the one, as my previous patient recently moved to Wales. It's for Mondays and Fridays. 2 o'clock, both days.''
He rubs his hands up and down forearms, as if wired. The image strikes me as so representative of the classic image I have of a junkie looking for a fix that I almost want to look away. Instead, I move a bit closer to him.
''You're sick,'' I say, and my voice dries out. ''And I don't just mean that you have a duodenal ulcer. I think you know what I mean.''
''Ok,'' Marnie adds quickly. ''Good. I, uh, I will give Dr. Pascal your message. He should be calling you in a little over an hour, okay?''
''Time to turn off this big brain of yours for a few hours, Lock,'' I murmured against his ear, and I felt his fingertips dig into my back, felt the pointed weight of his chin against my shoulders.
''Honestly? I thought he'd get bored of me within two weeks flat. I'm not like him and I can't think like him; I mean, he's basically prodigious. He knows it, but so much of what he does - how he acts - is a cover. I've seen that lately, and I think that is partly why I feel differently about him now. What started as this friendship now feels changed. Complicated and unfamiliar, the feelings.''
''I see,'' he says tightly. The tightness of his voice only confirms the very fact that he doesn't 'see' at all.
Then a large number of newer infant photos: less grainy, with eyes that are undoubtedly Toby's. Sitting up, standing up. Holding onto a chair leg. Huge toothless grinning. Train onesies and soft plush dolls and then Toby at two, and three and four.
On Monday, I return to the office and take my regular caseload of patients. At ten to 2 pm, I receive a call stating that ''Dr. Watson and Mr. Holmes'' are in the waiting room. I nod to myself, then relay that they can come into the office to my secretary.
''I'm going to go and get some sleep too, but I'm just going down the hallway. I'll be here in a flash if you need me,'' I mutter, before slowing retreating and shutting his door half way closed.
My greater confusion stems from the fact that I have essentially admitted this much to him previously. This isn't a new admission. His upset with the word, and the fact that I do love him - that's what is seemingly new.
I realize he likely has his own issues with therapy, too. But he attends out of duty. A sense of responsibility. Not an actual ease with the process.
I do not hug my knees. I keep myself in an upright position. I’m getting better, and part of getting better must be found in riding myself of these childish, impulsive displays of insecurity that have become annoyingly regular as of late.
Sherlock hadn't laughed - merely watched the exchange, slowly pecking at his salmon, and I tried to explain that the actor had been in a fantasy series as a kid, when he informed me that he 'knew that.'
Sherlock doesn't respond. He merely turns slightly away from me, his shoulders drawn high. He's holding the Stradivarius in his hands very stiffly. Tracing the lines of the instrument softly, as if it were a pet. A living creature.
Quickly I realized that the reasons for my boyfriend’s addiction didn’t appear to stem from unresolved emotional problems. And since the nurture component could be cut out of the equation (at least, it seemed that he didn’t have emotional problems originating from trauma) – that left nature: the biological predisposition that sets one up for such a sickness.
Mycroft's voice. Younger, and less deliberate. Less accustomed to precision and put-upon solemnity and devoid of his current smarmy, too-aware-of-himself nature.
I turn and look at Donovan, and show her the pages. Within seconds, her head is shaking in an almost unconscious protest to what she is seeing. She finally folds the pages up, and tucks them into her coat.
''Stay here,'' I'm informed briskly while nausea bubbles up in my gut. ''I'll go and make sure he's okay.''
It's meant to be a compliment. But it comes out as moronic. Flat. A silly, not-funny, not-clever empty 'compliment.'
I get into the automobile quickly, refusing to debate this issue with him any longer; I hear a slight sigh from the exterior of the car, and a few moments later I hear Mycroft mutter directions softly to the driver.
I nod slightly, then pull out a chair for her, which she settles into easily. We let the tea steep, and she puts a plate of raisin scones out in front of me.
But was Mycroft correct? He's correct about so much, all the time. But can he see what plagues his own brother with equal accuracy?
John exhales softly, but I hear the catch in his breath. If I were actually studying his features right now, I'm sure I'd see his face fall into something saddened.
''I know. I want us to go home, too. So we have to be strong for a bit, and then they will let us leave. You just need to calm down a little bit more, okay? I didn't mean to get you so upset. I should have realized that I-,'' but I let my words die out.
"What can possibly be worse than what I've learned? What can possibly top that?," I question, my voice cracking.
I look past his face - past his normal face and his normal, understandable expressiveness - and I look at the house besides me.
So it takes all my effort not to wrench my hand away from Toby's and punch something. Punch something hard.
''Are you done yet?,'' he asks with some measure of impatience, and I glance up in the mirror. Capture his gaze.
I want to ask ''why?'' but that is an impossible question to pose; it would be unfair to expect a response.
The closest thing he could have to someone who could order him about, or at least make him feel pressured to change his ways, would be a family member (though I am uncertain how close he is to anyone in his family) or a friend. Which he seems to be sorely lacking, John Watson aside. The legitimate concerns from people who care about him purely out of love and for no ulterior motive. Not because they are interested in what his mind can offer, nor ultimately wanting to yield something from his talents for their own benefit.
Sherlock's feet are tapping restlessly against the parquet. I can't help but wonder if he's aware of this fact.
John looks back to my notebook, flipping through pages and reviewing the previous week of notations.
