Behind the stage, Gabe was silently cheering on his little brother. The Novak's lived for music. They were literally born into it like a birthright. This was what came of Gabe encouraging him to write down his feelings, even though Cas had insisted on telling him that he was numb and there was nothing to say. Gabe knew Cas well enough to know behind that rigid form of a man there was something that needed to be expressed. And through the music he could do just that.
He stood up quickly, letting Cas' fingers slide from his wrist and fall back onto the bed, as if putting distance between their bodies would work on his memories as well. Without another word he went to the coffee, plucked a cup that had a few coffee ring stains in them but were as clean as they could be. He poured himself a cup. Cas relaxed some and pulled his feet up onto the bed, sitting Indian style as he looked over at Dean, his care-free smile back and his frown of worry gone or at least well hidden away.
Maybe there was something in Dean’s words… Maybe casually kissing wasn’t so bad. At least when it wasn’t with a complete stranger and it was with someone you trusted. After all, he had trusted Balthazar and even felt comfortable and safe with their more modest kissing without feeling impure about it... But those kisses also didn’t make him feel like
“Oh c’mon. You know. Show him what he’s missing kind of thing. Once he sees you he’s going to want you.”
"Stop what?" Lucifer's voice answered innocently. Cas sat at his desk, his eyes looking down at his book trying his best to ignore the boy hovering over him. If he thought Dean was being mean to him before, he now realized he was wrong. The older boy sat down in the chair in front of him and slammed his book closed, almost getting his fingers. Cas flinched, but finally looked up at him. "C'mon, Cassie. I'm bored," he whined.
He went into the bathroom which was already steamy and warm and sighed softly finding comfort in the heat. He had just taken off his shirt when he froze completely at the sound of the water turning off. In the mirror’s reflection he saw an arm come out and grab a towel off the rack.  Cas went wide eyed and quickly turned knocking some items into the sink with a loud rattle.  Before he could turn and flee Dean’s voice stopped him.
Andy stretched some, before making himself comfortable on the couch.  "I respect you for it, man. Definitely not the life for me."
. The thought burst through without warning and he turned away quickly shoving his books into his locker before slamming it causing Balthazar to wince, though he didn’t notice.
“Cherry pie
Dean smiled some, liking that they were on the same page, but Gabriel shook his head. “No, the point is for you to be here. What if Cas came back. You guys could talk.”
Sam jumped the last porch step, which was more like a swift glide with his freakishly long legs, and shook his head as he walked around the Impala headed for the passenger seat. “Nope. Gotta head straight there if we’re going to make it.” Dean rolled his eyes and clicked the radio completely off as Sam got in. The car was still running so he put it in reverse.
“Awesome, man. Thanks.”
Dean nodded stupidly suddenly regretting that he hadn’t just gone to McDonald’s. That would have been easier than admitting this now. “I, um, couldn’t find Sam and I… can’t figure out how to make coffee,” he said sheepishly.
Meg scowled and finally gave in with the simple word, “fine.” She hung up the phone and looked over at Cas who was still passed out and snoring softly on her couch.
Castiel chewed his lip some thoughtfully. When Balthazar asked if he were afraid of ending up like Gabe, the first emotion he felt was a silent rage.
“Which part? The drinking? No… the dancing?”
Castiel pulled at the hem of his shirt before opening the door. “Hello, Dean.” He said lamely after the door swung open. Dean just stared at him for a couple of seconds and it made Cas feel awful inside. He knew he really messed up after letting his personal trauma come between their friendship. And Dean had been such a good friend to him…
In the other room, Dean Winchester woke up and tossed a bit hoping to catch a few more z's as he put a pillow over his head to block out the morning light.  Finally he gave in and wrapped his hand around his morning wood figuring if he
"Well, shit." Lisa said tapping her foot with her arms crossed. “Now what am I supposed to do? He was supposed to take me to Jake’s house party after this.” Cas had been at Lawrence High long enough to know Jake was Lisa’s on again off again boyfriend. He honestly thought that Dean could do a hell of a lot better than Lisa, but the girl was very beautiful and popular and Cas wasn’t one to judge who other people liked. Dean must have seen something in her if he was with her.
“And you wake up tomorrow pissed off that it’s not in the driveway,” Sam chuckled, not at all bothered by his brothers drunken jabs. “Yeah, no thanks.”
in return.
Cas nodded slightly like he understood that. “Looked like you guys had a good time tonight.” Cas said giving a small smile as they looked up at Dean and remembered the picture. He had friends back home but they didn’t take a lot of pictures and goof off the way most people did. Thinking about it now he wasn’t sure if he wished they had made more memories like that or if he was glad they didn’t because having the pictures would hurt now that they were so far away. His smile fell and he looked back down to the fork that he flipped over again.
Gabe said goodnight and watched his brother head down the hall to his room. He shrugged. It didn’t seem to bother him too much. Maybe he was overthinking the whole Dean thing completely.
Dean looked at the girl, trying not to roll his eyes. "Jane, right?" he asked flatly. She smiled brightly at that while the two girls behind her stayed quiet.
Castiel laughed lightly because that was probably putting it mildly, but he nodded as he leaned up against the counter and crossed his arms. “Yeah, he is.”
"No?" Cas chuckled and walked over to the bed to sit on it. Dean's clothes were a bit big on him which Dean thought was cute.
“Zachariah is a piece of shit. I can’t stand him.”
Now, he put it to Castiel's throat, pressing harshly on his pulse, if he had one, and dared to get close enough to him to show him that he meant fucking business. Castiel simply stared at him holding back his temptation to smirk at the guys tough guy routine. He had multiple scars along his back from a blade just like that one. He wasn't afraid of it.
” conversation… but Sam always walked around the next day like nothing ever happened.  The last few times Sam came home high and horny Gabe was angrier and wouldn’t even allow them to kiss. Angry with himself more than Sam for not having the ‘nads to force the conversation.
Charlie picked up a glass and instructed, “on the count of three.” Sam and Andy picked up their drinks and Charlie started, “one… two…” she paused and all three of them looked at Cas who hesitantly picked up the purple filled glass. “Three!”
Gabriel walked to the door and hesitated, wondering if this was all too much for his brother. What if he was making things worse by pushing him to confront all of his feelings. He quietly asked, “you still good for dress rehearsal today?”
Dean could hear the pain in Balthazar’s voice and it made him sigh. It was really hard to hate him when he sounded like that.
Chuck’s face twisted some as he thought about that. “Yeah, but… you didn’t know that at first. Not until you got close enough…” He trailed off as he replayed the moment in his head. Dean had pulled away quickly before scanning the bar and then, only then, looked toward Chuck to reprimand him. Now, he looked back at Dean who still had his eyes fixed on the bar looking angrier now that Chuck had challenged his explanation.  The bartender chewed his lip softly realizing that he let his own curiosity overstep his professionalism.  A bartender’s job was to listen and serve. Not get so caught up in the stories.  But everyone once in a while he couldn’t ignore what was happening right in front of him. Some tried to label him as an empath while Gabriel had nicknamed him
“Gabriel…” Castiel started hesitantly.
“Not now, Winchester.” He said dismissively leaving Dean a little taken aback but after what he just witnessed, he decided he was siding with Cas through whatever the hell this was… at least until it was explained to him.
at least.
Meg rolled her eyes again as Gabriel started ordering people to gather around so he could explain the new song order to everyone.  It’s not like this was the first time something had come up where the show got thrown for a loop the last minute. But this was definitely among the first time that he was pulling himself out of the entire show after the opening number so he could take his brother home and try to fix whatever had happened before he spiraled again.  In the corner of his mind he heard Dean Winchester’s voice telling him that something was wrong and he fought to push it away.  There was no way Dean knew his brother better than he did himself.  He quickly scratched through a few lines and made some rewrites before finding Ash near the sound equipment.
Meg rolled her eyes at how it was almost too appropriate that she had added the “sorry” at the end of the song when putting it together, as she would be telling that to Cas over and over again until he said she was forgiven for what she knew she just put him through.  This time she didn’t bow as the handful of people in the room clapped and instead returned the mic before walking back to the tables where they sat.
Having Cas’ number in his phone was a little weird. Not the part where he actually had the number, but what it was doing to him. Neither of them had text each other the rest of the day after the Monday morning interaction, but Dean would have sworn he felt his phone vibrate a few times in his pocket only to pull it out and have no new messages. After the fourth or fifth time Sam had asked about it and Dean shrugged saying he thought he had a new message.
Castiel’s eyes went wide with realization as the song went on. The sleepover. The notebook.
“What? No. I was still up and he mentioned pie and I think he was just ready to go.” Dean shrugged as Sam looked between them putting together their conversation. “Anyway,” Dean said feeling somewhat defensive, “I told him I could come get him whenever. I know you have a lot of work to do and I respect that. But we had fun last night. There’s nothing in the contract saying he has to be at the club at every waking hour, right? He’s allowed to have fun.”
“Yeah, sure. Good idea.” Dean said absently as he turned his attention back to his phone. He unlocked it and for a brief second thought about opening the messages and texting Cas, but didn’t know at all what he would say… and instead opened his contacts and called Bobby. They shot the shit for a few minutes, catching up and Bobby making Dean promise to let loose and have a good time and not be such a worry wart about the shop because he could obviously handle it and to worry about it was almost insulting… Dean smiled and felt a bit calmer just at the sound of Bobby’s voice. Eventually the phone was passed over to Sam who promised Bobby he was going to watch out for Dean this summer (making Dean roll his eyes) and promised that he would call home more. The boys said their goodbyes telling Bobby they were going to head out for dinner soon and they would talk to him later.
Dean almost groaned out loud at the thought. Even so, he continued watching and the corners of his mouth lifted as he watched Cas do lunges, followed by tree pose, followed by -
Sam nodded and opened the door wider so that Cas could step in. "Yeah he's upstairs. I was just about to call you."
Meg is in this chapter. <3
Without even looking to Cas the man crossed his arms. “What if your friend doesn’t want to go with you?”
After he started the car he glanced at him again in the mirror. “I told Gabe I would text if I found you. He was pretty worried,” he reminded him.  Cas just shrugged and kept his gaze fixed on the ceiling so Dean went ahead and unlocked his phone and sent Sammy a text that read:
After letting out a huge sigh of relief that Cas wasn't upset or mad he started processing what had just happened. He frowned a little when he realized that Cas never said that his feelings were returned but was still more happy that he was cool about it and not letting it affect their friendship. That was the most important thing to him. Dean pushed himself up and walked over to flick the light on before going to his dresser to find himself and Cas something they could sleep in. He closed the door and changed quickly before laying out an AC/DC shirt and gym shorts for Cas to change into.
Dean didn't need a shower or caffeine to help him wake up that morning. He was already buzzing with energy as he stood in front of the closet deciding to wear his best, most expensive suit. Usually he only wore it at the biggest auctions, the ones where celebrities in the know often turn up. Hell, once he watched Johnny Depp put down 30k and 40k for curse boxes of all things.  Poor guy didn't know the damn things were fairly easy to make.  Though a lot of people in the supernatural relic auction world didn't know that. They just told people like Dean what they were looking for, asked the price, tried to haggle a little until finally they got what they needed.  He looked in the mirror and fixed his collar knowing that he wasn't about to drop millions looking like he was anything less than a man deserving of being there. He had worked too hard, and too long and now it was finally time to reap the rewards.
Dean let the others lead the way out as they talked and made plans to text to Gabe and Cas where they could all meet up now that the show was over. Gabe was letting someone else take on the closing duties tonight so he could go hang out with everyone now that the show was over.  He had to wrap a few things up before he could leave for the night so he told Sam to text him when they figured something out. Dean followed quietly and on the way out heard half a dozen people gushing over Castiel's song as well.
He had seen this before at parties.
“But he wasn’t supposed to be here.” Michael practically whined. Cas looked away a little uncomfortably. This rival thing between them had been going on for years though Cas never attempted to add fuel to the fire. Michael was always trying to outperform him yet hardly ever succeeded. It wasn’t his fault he had a natural talent for manipulating others.
Over his shoulder, Cas saw that more than a few people were stopped and watching them now. Without thinking, Balthazar picked up Cas’ hands the way he always used to. Before he could get out the playful question he always asked, Cas pulled his hands back wildly as if touching him caused pain.
"Just one drink and then I'm gone. I've got shit to do, Cas," he complained staying close at Cas' heels. For a minute he felt like a damn teenager with a crush at a high school party. The urge to tell Cas to leave him the fuck alone so he could get back to work and lean closer to him was absolutely idiotic. He never asked to feel this way about the damn guy. What the hell was wrong with him?
"Uh, I may have made a really big fuck up."
“You know, it’s cute how you still do that when nobody knows what I’m saying.”
and if Dean found out he would fuckin’ lose it. Better to end this now than to wait for that to happen.
“Just said goodnight.” Sam answered finally and pocketed his phone.
The boy pulled the pillow off his face slowly and looked at where Dean sat on the bed for a long moment as if contemplating his answer. Dean gave a light smile that said
“Well, I guess someone understood it.” Dean mumbled.
"Shouldn't you girls be making yourselves more useful instead of bothering people?" A female voice Dean recognized easily asked. "Pick up a gun, learn to shoot it. At least help count inventory for God sakes." The giggling didn't stop to even acknowledge the woman and Dean heard Risa's frustrated, heavy footsteps follow after Chuck.
“Please don’t tell me you’re going to back out,” she said finally turning her attention from the jeans to him. Cas snapped out of it and looked between her and the shirt.
“I don’t want to deal with that douche while I’m here. So if any communication needs to happen between me and the big wig, it will be through you. At the very least if I have to deal with him directly you have to be present, but I’m expecting that to happen as little as possible to not at all.”
Dean shifted uncomfortably as he drove some realizing this is probably the most he had heard Cas say at one time since he met him.
Instead he typed the single word ‘
“He would break or something,” Gabriel answered for him.
“It’s my size, it should be-”
Balthazar closed the distance between them swiftly, cutting Cas off before he could finish. He felt Cas’ grip on his own hands tighten slightly and he kept the kiss chaste as he gave his hands a gentle squeeze back before pulling back. Despite the kiss being completely innocent, close mouthed and more friendly than anything, Cas opened his eyes looking a bit dazed. For a split second Balthazar thought about going for another but stopped himself and even took a half step back letting their hands drop and giving a nervous chuckle that he tried to hide with humour.
to start his day at least he was going to have a good fucking start to it. Normally in these moments alone he'd have his phone in his left hand reading the angel forums as he let his imagine run away with him. After last night, however, he no longer felt the need. His mind easily recalled the soft grunts that the angel had made when he pulled on himself and Dean almost mimicked them now as he pulled slowly on himself letting the build grow.
Sam raised his eyebrows at the sight of Cas standing on his porch. It only took a glance and seeing no car to realize that he walked here straight from the dance.
Dean looked at Sam now who shrugged his shoulders and looked over to Gabe. “At least you know if he’s with us he’s in good hands. I know you want to keep an eye on him but Dean does have a point.”
“Yeah,” a red head girl slurred. “I can’t really control the weather either, if you know what I mean.” She laughed and the others began to chime in the need to take a quick bathroom break.  Cas knew he could kiss his money goodbye with every second that they lost.
“Oh c’mon.” Sam chuckled and looked over, completely amused by his brother's pout. “By the end of the summer you’re going to be sick of small talk. We can save it ‘till later.”
Dean turned to his room, before turning back to face the bathroom, before turning back to his room and entering it, all sense of what he was doing before he opened Cas’ door gone.  He tried to shake the image of Cas in his pajamas crawling over Meg, though he was pretty certain that what he walked in on wasn’t foreplay. He tilted his head some picturing it again and thought maybe he was completely wrong and it was. He changed into his flannel pajamas but didn’t dare go into the hall again in case he heard something he wouldn’t be able to scrub out of his mind.
“Class, we have a new student. This is Balthazar coming all the way from France. Let’s make sure we give him a warm welcome.”
Whine about my personal problems like issome reality show.”  Chuck gave a slight chuckle at that considering this kind of bar therapy was really common and he was used to strangers opening up to him after a few drinks. Dean was deep in thought now and didn’t seem to notice. “You know the hardest part though?” he leaned forward some on the bar and caught Chuck’s eye. Finally the bartender paused from his work and looked at Dean.  The energetic energy Dean had a couple of drinks ago was suddenly gone and a pained look in his eyes kept him there. “He’s with me. All the time.”
Dean’s eyes flickered between Balthazar and Cas a few times before he motioned to Sam his empty bottle and headed to the bar. Chuck looked a little surprised to see him but quickly opened a beer for him. Dean leaned back against the bar as he watched Cas.
When Dean pulls back from the kiss he is smart enough to keep the distance between them close.  The last thing he wants is Cas to think that he has changed his mind and pulling away.  He just needs a second to catch his breath and both of them stand pressed up against each other panting for air as if they had just come in from a nightly run.
Quickly she turned to the front row and without warning or asking sat in the booth next to Sam forcing him to scoot over some and bump into Dean. The expression he gave to Sam was a clear “
Gabe left out a manic laugh and paced the kitchen some. “God, I wish I knew. Believe me I’ve been having a pretty fucking hard time dealing with the fact that the guy I love only looks at me that way when he’s high off his ass.”
Dean looked toward the door where the voices were low again. He could empathize the sudden impact of losing those you care about most.  It’s not like he had a choice when his parents died. Bad shit just happens sometimes. But as a result of what he went through he could never understand the position of either of the Novak brothers. He could never be mad at Sam enough to leave him the way that Gabe left his family.  And he could never be mad enough at Sam and kick him out of his family the way that Cas was kicked out of his family.  He ran a hand through his short hair before tipping the can up and taking in large swallows. Families were fucking complicated. He set the can down on the counter and opened his mouth to ask Sam more questions about Cas, but he then heard the front door open. Sam and Dean looked at each other before leaving the kitchen and stepping out into the living room.
Inside the shop he paused again letting his eyes scan over everything.  The display in the window next to him was a lot of jewelry that included pentagrams, amulets, talismans, and a lot of other things that he was sure he would do just fine without touching or inspecting further.
that I was starting to become a recluse. Like I was gearing up to just grow old and die alone or something. The last thing I need is that kid worrying about me like that. I figured the least I could do was play along and show him that despite everything that’s happened to us I haven’t changed. I’m still me, ya know?”
but when Cas looked at his eyes there was something anguished about them, like saying no might break the guy. “You’re buying…” he said finally and Dean chuckled as he stood, leaving Cas alone to get ready.
Balthazar had to bite his lip to keep from smiling too overtly. He felt like he needed to pinch himself to wake up from this dream. Was he actually sitting with his best friend… in a bar… talking boys…
"Yes, Master," he said, voice quieter. Out of all of his masters, perhaps two had cared that he enjoyed something. He wasn't picturing Winchester to be a third. Perhaps it was just a test. That was the only reason he kept his face neutral, kept any other emotion from entering his voice. Dean couldn't help but be surprised with his honesty. Based on his more stoic demeanor he didn't think he would be getting anything out of him for a long time.  Though his admission to enjoying the simple act of cooking wasn't even the tip of the ice berg that Dean wanted to unleash.
Enter Cas
He stopped talking when he saw the front door open and Gabe emerge with another. Not Dean. Not Sam. Him. “What the fuck?” Cas mumbled, making Meg worry her lip and sigh. She had no idea how Gabe thought any of this was going to help. Right before they were in front of the house she made the decision to slam her foot on the gas pedal, making the car squeal for a second before they made their getaway.
When the spotlight turned on and pointed at a man center stage, the show started.
Dean watched him curiously and chose to ignored his raised arms as he felt like moving forward right away would make him predictable to the Angel. He didn't want to do anything on his terms. "I know that you don't have to eat but read you sometimes enjoy an occasional meal. Do you have any favorite foods?"
Just like the first time Dean was here, he spotted Cas off to the side in the shadows of the stage. It was just dark enough that you had to be looking for him to spot him but it was good to know that he had made it this far. He had said a few times he wasn’t sure if he could go through with it.
expression.  “Well Dean,” Castiel looked out the window as Dean pulled out of the drive way. “What does Stairway to Heaven mean to you?”
Cas suppressed the urge to roll his eyes. “Ten weeks if you’re lucky.” He responded as he sat up on the floor and began collecting cellular devices. No outside contact was a rule. The show filmed different group activities Monday through Thursday. Friday was always reserved for one on one dates and the elimination ceremony. The majority of editing was handled Saturday and Sunday but had to be in by Monday in order to air every Tuesday. Complete seclusion was a must. How fair would it be if the girls were able to call a family member back home and get dirt on other girls based on the internet searches from millions of fans watching nationwide.
“Hey, I’m a ‘quarius,” Dean said absentmindedly. Castiel chuckled again looking back up at Dean with one of those rare smiles that showed his teeth. Dean swallowed hard as Cas beamed at him. He had forgotten how easy it was for this guy to throw him off his game. Cute smile. Zeppelin shirt. Bringing him pie. Sitting on his bed.
Dean smiled warmly and gave a slight wave of his hand to acknowledge him before closing the door. He had taken the Impala out on long outings before. But nothing as far as Lawrence, Kansas to Stanford, California where his brother has been going to school the last three years. He turned up the volume and pulled out of the garage, excited to see his little brother for the first time since Christmas.
“R-right… on your birthday. After school. My place.” Castiel nodded once, and though the Novak didn’t look at all thrilled about going through with it, Balthazar was absolutely elated. Not so much at the kiss, but that option C never came to pass.
“What? …No.” He dropped a dollar on the floor and bent to pick it up seeing Cas standing behind him as he did.  “Just… here. Keep the change. Bye.” The girl behind the counter looked amused and Cas could tell that Dean was blushing as he grabbed the bag the with his purchase off the counter and turned to leave.  “Let’s go Cas.” Dean mumbled walking past him toward the exit.
He thought to himself.
that accent. Hard to compete with.
Lisa ignored her and plucked the photo of Dean from Cas’ hands causing Joanna and Charlie to both hoot-n-holler.  The picture got passed around more as glasses were refilled and Cas was once again ignored.  He sank back into the floor between them wondering how the hell he got himself back into this fucking mess
Dean’s focus was pulled when he saw Balthazar and Gabriel head to the stage to dance. He frowned, realizing that whatever Cas was saying probably wasn’t injuring the guy too much as he started dancing.
He went ahead and returned to his side of the booth, but reached across the table to hold Cas’ hands. Even though he knew they would never work out as more than friends, he absolutely loved his best friend and missed him dearly. He was about to ask him to come back with him and be his roommate like they had previously discussed and had even opened his mouth to propose the idea when a thought occurred to him. He stared at Cas for a second and tilted his head trying to process the thought.
Cas smiled and crossed over to the bed, falling on his back and laying next to Dean. He was close enough that their arms were touching and after a few long seconds looked over with a smirk and asked, "so you aren't mad?"
And then it hit him. Cas dressed up for this. Maybe with Meg’s help but he absolutely doubted this look was an accident. After all, Meg admitted that she told him Balthazar was here, so why wouldn’t he dress to impress the guy he wanted or whatever. Dean’s heart began to ache as he looked at the shirt again, hating that their thing was being put on display for
“You seemed to be a real natural,” Dean added a little rushed and bit his cheek some hating that he sounded like some gushing fangirl. “I mean, Charlie was right. The whole room ate it up,” he declared trying to put the shift back on the majority rather than just him.
He had wanted to bring it up to him and have an actual discussion, but he was afraid that he would find a way to mess it up and make Cas mad at him again. Before he could work up the nerve the opportunity presented itself. Cas’ 18th birthday. In his head it was perfect… Cas would either A… see that the physical part was no big deal and maybe actually try it out on Anna, B… come to grips with the fact that he actually was into boys and tell his dad to fuck off and go find his own beau to be with, or C… be disgusted at him for even asking and leave him in a rage again just like he had a year ago. Option A and B would both be good. Option C was what he feared. He bit the inside of his cheek as he forced himself to continue smiling at Cas as he waited for an answer.
him."
Castiel opened his mouth to protest but stopped taking in the sight of his friend, barefoot in PJ pants with messed hair and a bowl of cereal in the hand that wasn’t holding onto the book. He blushed when he realized that he must have been so busy writing he didn’t even hear him get up out of bed to get breakfast from the kitchen.
Cas is definitely more like future!cas in my mind. I mean... like I said. Everyone is human. He'll have that angel personality that we all love shine through too. But in this job. More futurey.
Dean put the note back down and thought for a second before heading back through the kitchen to the hall where the sound room was located and listened outside the door for a second before knocking.  When no response came he opened the door slowly and peeked in. The room was empty, but Dean took a couple of steps in anyway.  There were a few notebooks on the desk that Dean had seen Cas writing in before.  About the same time that he decided that he for sure wasn’t going to invade Cas’ privacy by snooping through any of them up, he realized that one had been left open.  Dean scratched his head and looked back at the door checking for Cas before making the last couple of steps over.  The open page had Castiel’s writing filling open most of the lines, but Dean’s eyes fell to the text in all caps near the bottom of the page.
Cas looked at Dean a little worriedly but noted that the older boys face wasn’t mean or teasing in any way as he thought perhaps it might. He thought occurred to him that perhaps the Winchester was mocking his beliefs by bringing him here, but everything about Dean looked completely innocent as he stood holding the door open.  As Castiel forced himself to move forward again he shook the thought from his mind feeling guilty that he had even had it.  Dean’s humor wasn’t the kind that ever made him feel uncomfortable before. Sure, sometimes he made references that he didn’t get and teased him fro not getting them, but nothing about the Winchester was cruel.  He was sure that this wasn’t some prank that was at his expense.
Balthazar squinted at the words dramatically and shook his head, handing the notebook back to him before sitting on the edge of the bed and lifting the spoon to take another bite. Castiel frowned some before scanning over the words he had written wondering which his friend disapproved of. He had planned on giving the lyrics to his dad for church service the upcoming week.
Gabe’s eyebrows raised. This was different, light, catchy, dare he say cute? And it definitely sounded like something uniquely her own. He put his drink down and leaned forward starting to take her audition seriously.
"I'm serious."
Next to Dean now, Cas longed to hold the boy's hand again but kept them wrapped around his own body so he wouldn't make Dean uncomfortable when he was obviously so into Lisa.
“Hey, Cas. What’s up? You okay?” Dean sounded like he was trying to stay casual but failing as his sentences came out rushed with a nervous edge to his words.
he thought to himself.
Gabriel was making a thick fluffernutter sandwich when he heard the front door open. “Balthazar? I’m in the kitchen.” He screwed the lid back on the peanut butter and opened the cabinet to put it away. “How did it go?”
The crew immediately went into panic mode pulling out walkie-talkies and looking damn near freaked taking action of tracking down the contestants. Balthazar rolled his eyes and pulled out his phone, starting the next level of angry birds, not even bothering to glance Dean’s way again.
Rated: Teen
"Don't be rude," the other said through laughter still. "It would be nice of us to ask him. He is our fearless leader after all."
The lights came up and Sam looked over to see Dean had drunk four beers easily. "Please tell me you drank like a fish because I said I was paying, not because you needed it to get through the show."  Dean laughed lightly. "Nah it was good. Glad you dragged me along."
"Oh my God!" Charlie exclaimed. "Castiel though. Did you know he was going to be that good, Sam? Seriously! I still have goosebumps!"
“Yesss?” He dragged the word out almost as a question at the absurdity and innocence behind his brothers blue eyes. Their father had really done a number on him if he felt like he couldn't have friends over to the house, even if he was trying to be polite knowing it was Gabriel's house.
Dean wasn’t sure why he was here. He looked up at the two of them and grumbled, pretty sure that he wasn’t needed for this part of the Cas intervention, or whatever the hell they were calling this… but he also knew if he stayed at the house he’d be just as miserable wondering what he was missing out on. He wasn’t on board with tricking Cas into meeting Balthazar here and figured if he showed up and was pissed at everyone for forcing him to do that, he could get him the hell out of there… At least that was his own mental excuse for coming. He picked up his beer and took a few long pulls, finishing it. Gabriel eyed him, picking up on his anxiety but didn’t say
I don't know French. I'm using google translate and some other websites. Apologies if it's wrong or weird. <3
Castiel looked until he found the card that read Dalmatian Stone and saw that the meanings listed were Family Bonds and Loyalty.  He smiled softly at that, knowing those qualities were very important to the older Winchester enough that he would pass the stone to his brother.  He started reading the other cards and looking at the different colors.  Though he wouldn’t say so to Dean, the idea that a rock would bring someone protection or strength or hope or any of these other traits had obviously never heard of the power of prayer.
“De-li-cious…” Andy nodded stressing each syllable with a slur.
pretend to know ours.”
"What are friends for?" Dean said back softly looking forward. He didn't see the small smile that spread on Cas' lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
Gabriel was surprised that Sam had offered to stay behind and help. Ever since Dean had arrived the two were almost connected at the hip, though he supposed that the longer he stayed the less that would be true as they fell into a more normal routine. Three months would be a long time for someone to spend every waking moment with another person for anyone, even the Winchester brothers who, Gabe knew were very close despite the distance between California and Kansas.
Castiel was on the verge of tears and it was only now that Balthazar’s rage calmed and he realized he went too far. “Fuck, Cas I didn’t mean…” he whispered wishing he could take it all back and start over. Cas took a step back from him and his back hit the car making him stop. “No, please. Let’s just go back to the way we used to be.”
Another glance over to stage right showed that the guy that was looking on from the shadows of the stage was gone. Dean didn’t think much of it at the time, just figured the guy didn’t like the show so he took off.
okay with it.  Because at least I knew where he was.”  He stopped and took a breath hating that he had to defend his actions with his brother but all the while wondering if they were right and he hadn’t been smothering him a bit.  “Listen,” he finally continued. “I don’t need to watch him 24/7, I just need to know that he is okay. Ya know… until he is
“W-what’s this?” Castiel asked skimming over white napkin marked in blue ink and a brown coffee ring. “The Who… Behind Blue Eyes, Baba O-Riley, My Generation…” He quietly read the rest of the titles in his head before tilting his head some and looking at Dean with partially squinted, confused eyes.
Chuck gave him a smile before turning around and grabbing what he needed and feeling more awake already.
Gabriel tensed some, not sure how much he wanted to relay to Cas. He was still figuring out how to juggle their hidden relationship and mentoring a until-very-recently estranged brother and as much as he loved Sam, and he absolutely fucking did love Sam… they could pick up easy once he knew Cas was better. Whereas if he had chosen Sam and ignored his little brother's problems… well, the worst things could have gone... he couldn’t even bring himself to think about it. “How’s Sammy? He’s tall, handsome, hell of a good kisser. Absolutely fine, muy perfecto, I’d say.” He gave a sly grin that was extremely convincing, if it weren’t for the pause before he delivered it.
Meg watched as he left.
Hearing Castiel talk about where God wanted him to be was a bit confusing to Dean. He had known he had some big religious past and obviously his notebook showed major indicators of that as well, but hearing him speak of it now seemed so… wrong. The way Dean saw it, his past was like this big darkness and Cas was finally coming out of it and heading toward the light. Yet everything now was saying that he preferred the darkness.
Dean’s morning started around nine o’clock when he rolled out of bed and was disappointed there was no coffee waiting for him in the kitchen. Not that Cas had to do it but he liked that it was something that was just between them and made him feel like Cas was checking in with him wordlessly when he started his day. As he started the pot the way that Cas had showed him, his thoughts wandered wondering if he had said something wrong last night and upset him. Or if he was just in a hurry to go this morning and didn’t have time.  He was just about to write a text when Sam came in the room tiredly and pulled the orange juice out of the fridge. It wasn’t until Gabe followed soon after that Dean straightened up realizing that maybe he was just an idiot and Cas was still sleeping.
it. And that was perhaps a far better reward than the meal itself. He decided to test the waters now that he had this new information. He studied the angel's face as he pressed him further, "Do you enjoy cooking?" Not can you.. not are you good at it... Simply, do you like the task itself?" Dean watched his blue eyes as he waited for an answer.
(See the end of the chapter for
Ash gave a lazy smile. “You got it boss.”
Dean sighed softly knowing that he needed to accept that. "You don't have to do that. You're the guest." He forced out a chuckle and rolled his eyes at himself knowing it sounded fake. He stood up and moved to turn on the light hoping that he could at least appear normal even if he couldn't force himself to sound it.
, finally penetrated through... a prayer. He hadn't heard anyone pray to him in decades. People didn't
“Yes, please.” Sam chuckled as Gabriel left the room in a hurry.  He stood there a moment before another chuckle came out as he nervously ran a hand through his long hair. “Shit… How am I going to tell Dean?” he mumbled wondering what his brother would think of him dating his roommate. He let out a sigh as he decided to worry about that later.
to mean anything. In fact, it was better when they didn’t. So if Cas wanted to kiss him or whatever, that wouldn’t be the worst thing... right? It would just be two friends having some fun. Nothing more. And that was if Cas even wanted to kiss him again. Maybe it wouldn’t even come up again.
Slowly Cas raised his hand, a now pointless gesture since Balthazar obviously knew exactly who he was now. He walked toward him before sliding into the empty seat next to him.
okay, since he was the only one that seemed to be worried.
“Cas…
"S-sorry. I shouldn't have." Dean said suddenly and tried to pull his hand away. Cas' grip on his hand tightened so he wouldn't let go, his eyes still closed from the kiss, but mouth slightly pouted from it being cut so short. "No it's okay," he said softly.
“Chuck, right?”  Dean asked the bartender who looks at him a little hesitantly. “I’m Dean, Sam Winchester’s brother?”
It comes with that whole gold digging, 5 minutes of fame, all out bitchy territory. But there are a few here that are bright, fun, and looking for love. What would it hurt to see what this brings for you, huh?” He gave a light smile and Dean noticed that it made his eyes crinkle a bit in an appealing way. Even in the dark he could tell that his eyes were ocean blue and he was starting to feel comfortable with the long stares between them.
There was a pause and Dean got closer to the opening of the door so he wouldn’t miss anything.
Castiel nodded again. He was upset about Lisa and how their night went. "Should I leave?" Castiel asked.
And with a little advertising they might have a busier Saturday night than usual.  A smile at the business opportunity appeared. “Sure thing. You’ll be ready by then?”  They didn’t talk about Chuck’s
When he turned back to Dean the pained look of a man in love, even though it seemed unbeknownst to himself, was gone. With a drunken smile and a slight wobble he asked the bartender, “ready for ’nother?”
Dean nodded, feeling happy that Sam was finally on his side for once and turned, crossing his arms and looking at Gabe, leaving Sam behind him, pleading with his puppy dog eyes for Gabe to play along.
Cas had written out the lyrics in one of his notebooks in a fancy script while listening to it.  The words and melodies were haunting but the idea struck him as odd that anyone thought that they could use gold as a currency to buy a place in heaven.  “I’m just trying to understand. If we are talking about God’s heaven and not false prophesy then who is the woman? There are many choices straight out of the bible but I have a difficult time believing that the Mary the Mother of Christ would do such a thing or even need to. So is it an allegory of us?”
Andy nodded with no shame on his face at all. "Guilty. She's a beaut though. Wait till you see her."
person to realize what was going on.
Gabriel smiled out at the audience. It was so clear that he was comfortable and even thrived in the spotlight. Even though it had been a week since Cas was on stage, Dean had remembered the way that he had eagerly left after his song was finished. Talented as hell, but stage fright to boot.
“What, no! Are you kidding? Saturday. The spot's yours. You’ve gotta.”  A forced smile appeared on his mouth as he said the words and Chuck let out a small sigh of relief. In his experience writing and performing was the best way to make the intense feelings of another go away. He wasn’t sure if it was that he hadn’t felt this in so long or if it was just Dean’s energy… but he would swear the emotions were more intense than usual.
He felt a presence behind him and turned around, almost dropping his sandwich when he saw his brother standing in the doorway. “Cas? You’re home?” He threw his sandwich back on the plate and immediately moved to give his brother a tight hug.
Meg looked at him with the same worried look but nodded her head.
Dean rolled his eyes and told his brother goodnight before heading to his room. He paused outside Cas’ door a moment but turned left into his own room closing his door behind him instead.
Sam was staring at Gabe through most of the song. The music wasn’t something that would normally make his playlist but he found himself sighing and daydreaming about being together.  He sighed some wondering if he would ever be able to fix things enough that Gabe would give him another chance. A
Castiel had lost track of how long it had been since he was taken from heaven by his own brother and given to the humans as a slave, simply in exchange for loyalty. It had to be centuries now as he saw the rise and fall of the British empire, of kings and queens, the invention of technology he would never understand. Once again, his human master died, and he was tossed back into the system. There were few of them around -- some got free, some died, some joined them -- and Cas hated that he knew how much he was worth. Though, he wasn't sure if it was for his physical strength, or the beautiful body of James Novak that he chose to inhabit back when he first came to Earth. The moving van shuttered to a halt and Castiel looked up and waited until the back doors opened. He didn't bother wincing in the blinding sunlight, he just held out his hands as the handle checked his Enochian engraved shackles and then tugged him out.
Cas pushed the door open to the control room and sighed. A small applause lead by Zachariah erupted around him but he ignored it and stared his boss down. “Was that really necessary? With the cameras?”
“Careful.” Dean said suddenly making Cas jump. “Don’t want to accidently turn Gabriel into a toad.”  Cas put the book back on the shelf quickly as if afraid he might actually do that by mistake.  Dean chuckled a little and turned to look around some more.
He cranked up the volume and continued west to Stanford.
Dean wasn’t affected by Cas’ words more than his voice. And if Cas tried to save him right now it wouldn’t be the first time in his life someone tried to do so. He just hoped that the boy didn’t think less of him now that he knew the truth in his beliefs.
“Rise and shine, little brother! Can’t believe you’re still in bed, lazy bones.”  He flopped down next to him in the king size bed before turning to his side with his head propped up on his hand.
Dean looked straight ahead trying to will his eyes to focus on something. When he heard Cas let out a soft sigh he jumped slightly realizing he was right there in front of him.  Instinctively he reached forward, his hands bumping into Cas who was less than arm’s length away.  He thought he felt bare skin and pulled back, though Cas didn’t move away or make any noise at being touched. Dean moved his hands back slowly and found his bare sides again.  His fingertips moved up until he felt cloth.  He frowned for a second trying to figure it out until Cas interrupted his thoughts. “Crop top,” he said quietly. “Gabe thought it matched the style of the song. I… can’t wear this.”
Dean frowned some feeling a bit dejected as he just shared one of his favorite songs and the guy completely ripped it a part. “So you hated it…” he mumbled.
“Of course, Castiel.” Sam said softly able to bring down his voice and be sincere as the boy excused himself.  Charlie leaned on Cas for a second with her head tilted to rest on his shoulder while Andy smiled and said, “we love you man,” and left it at that.
Castiel tilted his head some at the man before answering, "Yes,
Gabriel’s lower lip quivered slightly before he crossed the room to Sam and pulled the taller boy into a tight hug. “You could
Dean made it to the hallway, got the door shut behind him and walked a few feet away before he dropped the blade to the ground and fumbled to get his pants down. His mind was full of nothing but detailed sensory of the angel that had his cock throbbing now that his brain knew he could finally take care of himself.  With his back resting against the wall, Dean started pumping his cock so quick his hand was a blur. He thought of the angel's hand wrapped around his cock, the sound of his voice so fucking rough, the taste of his blood still in his mouth. It only took him half the time it did Castiel before it was too much and he bit his own lip hard now to keep from moaning loud enough that the Angel might hear through the door. His cock erupted leaving a mess on his hand and dripping right onto the hallway floor as panted softly practically seeing stars.
Zachariah laughed to himself while everyone still looked on like they had just seen a train wreck.
, and she turned to get the drinks with a slightly giddy skip in her step. Sam shook his head with a smile. “Nothing’s changed there, then.”
“Limo three is here! Cameras ready! Anna head out to the end of the lot and wait for further instructions. And somebody please tell Winchester to turn up the charming level. The girls aren’t even there yet and he’s stumbling over his answers from Balthazar. I need ratings here. Not a damn snooze fest.”
At the back of the bar a pair of double doors was opened wide and lead to a theater. Most of the tables were full and people were even finding places to stand at the back with drinks in hand so they wouldn’t miss the show.  The stage itself wasn’t anything spectacular. It reminded him of the stage that he once saw a Rocky Horror Picture Show production of a few years back when a girl he was dating convinced him to go with her on Halloween.  Very community theater like.
Chuck laughed and shook his head slowly. “Sorry my friend. Let’s talk about how you’re gonna get home instead. I’m gonna need your keys.”
Look for the link to the song right before it appears in the fiction. Again, this song belongs to Mika and no copyright is intended. <3
Sam shifted a little as he listened. He felt like he was too close to his last run in with drugs to really fall into the song completely the way he usually did, even if it was cutesy and about love.  Back at the bar, Castiel couldn’t really see the performance but the speakers left their voices to ring out perfectly and clearly. He rolled his eyes at the last line and took another shot.
.” Castiel lunged forward to grab the notebook causing Meg to squeal some as she jumped further back on the bed with a laugh, “
Inside his own room his face was unsmiling as he changed into his jeans. He had wanted to hang out with the guy but this was different. Now he was taking him out to make sure he was actually eating and to keep him away from his somber writings long enough that maybe he would forget about why he was writing it all in the first place. Like if he could make him smile and laugh, maybe the pages would be filled with light instead of darkness. A part of him was still annoyed at Gabriel for not taking this seriously enough and was too busy with whatever to seem to care. He knew he had a show to run but this was his
"On your knees." Dean commanded simply, voice not overly harsh.  He watched as Castiel complied easily, doing exactly as he was told.  He took in the sight of the man kneeling before him and chewed his lower lip once more as his head filled with daydreams of what it would be like to see his mouth wrapped around his cock.  His cock twitched and he held in a grunt as he forced himself to ignore his own desires and move down to connect the metal rings on the back of his thigh cuffs to the ones on his ankles, ensuring the angel was uncomfortably stuck on his knees and unable to stand. Castiel watched, accepting whatever fate was to come, again showing no signs of emotion.  Dean expected no less as he had clearly put the wall back up already retreating inside himself. Not that he had exposed much of who he was.  Still, Dean was going to try working with what info he had.
that Dean could pull out of the guy… That was starting to feel like that comfortable control that Dean needed to stay balanced in life. He grinned to himself some as he felt the power shift. Maybe Cas would take his breath away and have the upper hand tonight when he performed. But as long as he was able to pull the smiles and laughs out of him… make him flustered and
“Not the point,” she said, waving her hand dismissively… drunkenly. “After tonight he’s going to wish he had you to break up with you.”
Chuck gave a small laugh with his smile. "Yeah. I mean it's the least since you're keeping us all safe. I mean... you're the only one who knows what they're really doing. We're all alive because of you."
and that
Gabe peeked around him in the living room and noticed it was empty. “Where’s Balth?”
Cas studied him while he spoke and he could tell just by his words that this was going to be the play to get him to stay in the game.  When he spoke to Dean again his voice was softer. “So show him. You obviously care about him if you don’t give a shit about any of the fame and attention this brings but came all the way out here anyway. And who knows… maybe you
“Issnot that.” Dean's words slurred more as he looked away. Chuck began to give a sympathetic nod  but stopped when Dean continued.  “It’s bigger than my heart.  Feels like he’s in m'whole body.”
Inside the room Cas rubbed his eyes. He looked at the clock and saw it was almost eleven. He moved the headphones from around his neck deciding to call it a night.  When he opened the door to exit Dean was still standing there and made no attempt to move making Cas stand in the doorway idle for a moment. “Good night, Dean.” His eyes flickered to Dean’s but they hardly landed before moving back to the ground in front of them. When he reached to turn off the light Dean finally moved some letting Cas walk ahead of him.  Without another word the boy went to his room and closed the door with a soft click behind him.
gotta get through the talky talky in order to get to the singy singy...
After lunch, Sam had offered to stay behind to help Gabriel with moving some speakers and equipment around.  Of course, Dean’s first thought was that this meant he was going to bring Cas home and have the chance to hang with him at the house for a bit alone. He hated that he felt nervous at the thought, after all, the house was the place where he usually felt more himself. He also knew that the two tended to speak more openly with each other than when their brothers were around, and in the past days there had not been very many opportunities for those types of conversations.
Dean keeps his head down and forehead pressed against Cas’ with his eyes closed, not sure if he has the nerve to look in Castiel’s eyes.  He doesn’t know if he can handle those wide blue eyes that will be looking at him for answers when he doesn’t have any and fuck! He doesn’t even know the questions!
Dean swallowed as he remembered a picture he once saw of Prince wearing something that he assumed was similar. You could see most of his stomach in a tight black half tank top that at the time he decided only ‘The Purple One’ could pull off. Suddenly he pulled his hands back quickly making the boy in front of him flinch. His balled his hands up into tight fists that he kept at his sides as the feeling of control once again left the building and his mind grappled with wanting to touch his Cas' bare sides again. He wondered if the urge was there because he had almost gotten laid not even an hour ago. Now in the dark his mind was mixing reality with his own loneliness and control became chaos in his head.
A relaxed smile appeared on Balthazar’s face that reached his eyes. “To
Dean would never admit that at first glance the stone made him think of the blue in Castiel’s eyes, but upon reading the card that came with the stone that gave the meaning, he knew he absolutely had to get it for the guy.
Gabe realized he had been caught prying, even if it was quietly done and got off the bed. “Just… you know, checking on you. Want to make sure you’re okay.”  He felt guilty as he said it but he couldn't exactly help it when he knew the circumstances that brought his brother here in the first place.  Cas gave a slight eye roll but it was more from embarrassment than annoyance. He knew he had been a handful when he arrived and as much as he tried to be over it, there was something dark inside of him still that made him feel like he had a lot of healing to do. Gabe obviously saw that as well or he wouldn't feel the need to check in on him so much.  But still, Cas appreciated the way that Gabe took to the big brother role even when he hadn’t been in his life in a long time. He didn't want to think of what would have happened if he didn't have him to turn to when everything went down.  He was thankful.
“Fine, Meg. Consider this your official audition then, if you think you’re ready.”
Rather than repeat himself Castiel moved forward to close the distance between them and once again kiss. Dean pulled back quickly straightening with surprise. He had barely missed the kiss as he slid out of his seat, suddenly aware of the strong smell of alcohol coming from Cas as well as the lined up and empty shot glasses that he had already finished off.  Castiel looked wide eyed, wild, and lost as he stuttered over his own words to give an apology. “I didn’ mean- shouldn’ of-
He wished there was some guide on how he could help his little brother. Their circumstances were so different and honestly, he was worried about the younger boy. When Gabe was seventeen he had run away from home.  He knew that coming out to his father was never an actual option, but determined to live his own life how he wanted to, he took off and came out to the rest of the world instead. When he turned eighteen a lawyer had found him to inform him that their mother, who had long since passed, had left an inheritance to him and all her children left behind that they were to get when they turned of age. Gabriel, being the oldest, was the first one to receive it. Even though by this point his father had already disowned him for being gay and a disgrace and embarrassment to the family, there was nothing that he could do to stop it.
“Are we the woman, Dean? And if that’s the case than do we, do people, do
“Welcome one, welcome all!” Gabriel started, the room still vibrating with quiet energy after the first songs conclusion. Dean’s attention was pulled away from him as door that led to backstage opened and a figure walked out quickly. Dean held his breath for a second wondering if it was Cas making a getaway while he still had the chance and would leave Gabriel wondering where his little brother was after he announced him, which he was sure he was only seconds away from doing.  The closer they got to the front he realized it wasn’t Cas, but Meg.  He sat back realizing that must have been who gave the boy a hug before they disappeared into the shadows during the first number.
"You Awake?" Cas whispered into the dark room. From the hallway light, he could see that Dean was lying on his bed in his dress clothes. He took a step forward but hesitated when he heard his friend lightly snoring. It didn't feel right to turn the light on so he left it off and moved toward Dean's bed. He moved slowly, glancing around and checking out the items that Dean Winchester owned and had out on display. A couple of posters hung on the wall of bands he had never heard of. One, in particular, catching his eye that read "Led Zeppelin - Stairway to Heaven." He would have to ask Dean to listen to it sometime. He stopped in front of his dresser and smiled at the single picture that was framed, one of Sam and him when they were younger and cheesing at the camera. A Christmas tree was in the background and some presents under the tree ready to be ripped into. He moved to the bed and sat at the edge watching Dean sleep for a few seconds before putting his hand on his shoulder. "Dean?" he whispered softly beginning to think maybe he should leave rather than wake his friend rudely and unnecessarily. Dean stirred slightly shifting a little under his touch making Cas smile some. Without thinking about it Cas moved his fingers to Dean's cheek and traced lightly over the freckles that he could see from the hallway light.
was turning into the nagging question of
He looked up and shook his head. Emotions were the fucking worst. He ran a hand through his short hair, biting his cheek to keep from blurting anything else out. He wasn’t looking for pity. He just hated that he caused all of this.
Dean Winchester was fucking singing… what was that? Ray Orbinson?  Gabe quietly pressed up to the door listening closer. There was no radio or anything playing, just Dean’s voice and it was more of an impersonation of Orbinson’s singing trying to sound exactly like him which was understandable considering the late singer had such a unique sound.  But his pitch was good and Gabe could hear more of a southern twang that was uniquely Dean.
Castiel turned around as if to go back inside, but instead he opened the door and out walked a girl… two girls… three girls who were all giggling.  The three of them had on ruffled clothes and their hair was slightly messed up from sleep or sex, probably both, and their eyes half asleep and half dazed from whatever drug that had tried the night before. Castiel didn’t seem to favor one and in fact, talked to them as a collective group calling them all ‘ladies’ instead of by their individual names.  Cas had once told Dean this was so he wouldn’t hurt any of the girls feelings if he had gotten a name wrong or said the wrong name during intercourse.  At the time, Dean had laughed and called this tactic, “classy.”
“I don’t know where the hell he is going.  He doesn’t have a car,” Dean heard Gabe explaining to Sam as he frantically looked back and forth wondering which direction his brother took off in.  “He rode here with me and told me he was going to leave with Meg.”
“Anyway, I finally did. And it was awful. He was a mess. And everywhere. He kept insisting he wasn’t gay. Then would recite bible passages at me. It was like hearing your father’s words to him come directly out of his mouth. We got into a really big argument and he left. The last thing I had said to him was he was a coward, pretending like we were something we weren’t in private. I guess he stopped at the liquor store on the way home because when I heard from him a couple of hours later he was smashed. I had voicemails telling me to come over to his house because he needed to talk to me and set things right. Wanted to talk to his dad. It was so hard to understand him but I knew it wasn’t good so I got there as quickly as I could.”
Castiel looked at Dean after he said it. His breathing was starting to normalize and he absolutely hated how much he enjoyed kissing him and how much it hurt when Dean called it “casual fun” when he wanted it to be anything
"At your service," she answered casually holding the smile. Dean would have laughed out loud at that in another life. One before the world turned dark and more fucked up than he ever could have dreamed it. Dean didn't think the word service was in Jane's vocabulary. In the few months she had been at the camp she hadn't lifted a finger to help out. He didn't trust her to help with supply counts, much less any type of security. She was too happy, too high too often and participating in orgies with Cas. The last part bothered him way more than he wanted it to.
Dean winced inwardly. Good looks
friend’s… damn, all of it was no good. Every thought brought him pain and he needed to focus on what was in front of him as it was clearly most important right now.
casual. It was like everything he came here to escape was starting to repeat itself and at the thought, he stood up quickly to put distance between them.
When the house lights went down he couldn’t see him anymore and turned his attention back to the front just as the show began.
Dean's eyes lingered for a second as he saw him clearly now.  His hair was still a little messed as if he had run his hand through it nervously and tussled it, though Dean hadn't once seen him do this. His eyes were a bright blue which perfectly matched his tie and when he caught Dean's gaze his head tilted a little bit to the side.  Their eyes locked for a beat and Dean nervously ripped them away just as Sam started introductions again.  "Glad you didn't have any trouble on the drive," Gabe stated and crossed the room to grab a beer out of the fridge, taking an extra which he brought back and handed toward his brother.
“If it’s apathy you feel yer doin’ it wrong,” Dean argued making a face with his eyes still closed. The conversation was hitting him at surface level and he was responding without much thought. He was oblivious to the strain in Cas’ voice as he spoke about it and all of the feelings that had flooded to the surface in himself just hours away at the bar had seemed to wash away with the alcohol. “Detachment comes
Just as he pulled the left boot on and started pulling at the laces, the bed sunk in heavy next to him where Cas plopped, close enough that they were touching. Dean didn't even look over. He kept his eyes trained on his laces as he quickly pulled a bow and tightened them down.
Gabe watched Castiel taste his coffee and set it down with a satisfied hum. He opened a cupboard to find plates to set out for breakfast and had a small skip in his step that was surprising considering just yesterday their fight had been so intense that Gabe was left worrying most the night and unable to sleep wondering if he had pushed the boy too hard by telling him and yes, even planning on forcing him to sing his own songs.
“Hating the church and hating
Dean scoffed a little but smiled over at Cas for attempting to bring some light to this dark subject. Cas felt proud that he could tell that he was winning him over.  He laughed softly then as he added, “hey, I’m not saying it’s definite or anything and some of these women are
Cas nodded again and pointed to the machine. “Coffee grounds here. Hot water here. I’ll make the fancy stuff for me.”  Dean nodded and watched on stupidly as Cas finished up and the only thing left to do was wait for the actual coffee to brew.
"Why don't you go up and see him." Sam suggested softly. "He's been avoiding his feelings long enough, don't you think?" It wasn't news to Sam that Dean liked guys the same way that he liked girls. Although Dean never came out and actual said as much, the two brothers were close enough that Sam could just kind of tell. His man crush over Dr. Sexy and other good looking male characters was enough of a clue. But ever since Cas moved to town... Well, Dean was probably that
“We’ve got a problem.”
Gabe opened the cupboard and pulled down a glass for his orange juice that Sam had left on the counter for him, poured it and looked over at Dean with a tight smile. “I’m trusting my brother wasn’t too much of a drama queen when he asked you to rescue him last night.”
"...has the downstairs guestroom on the same side of the hall as the bathroom. You're on the other side. Don't worry, I'll show you when we get there." Dean rolled his eyes but didn't bring the guy up again. He didn't even know what he wanted to ask.  Sam already admitted that he didn't know him very well, was quiet, and kept to himself. There probably wasn't much more to it than that other than the guy could sing.
the next few chapters will come out pretty quick. <3 :)
Gabe looked back in the direction of the dining room table. Sam was keeping Cas company as he finished setting the table. “Why don’t you man the egg station in here with me,” Gabe offered seeing it as a chance to get to know Sam’s brother better, especially now that Castiel seemed to take to him so quickly.
“No trouble at all,” Gabe interrupted quickly not even addressing taking any money from Dean.  Dean sipped at his coffee and watched Gabe and Sam begin putting things away.  A quick glance over his shoulder at Cas and he could see that he was sitting on the couch, glasses on and a book in hand.  Gabe peeked his head around the corner to look at his brother.  “Hey, you able to write anything today?” he asked Castiel who didn’t look up from his book even though Dean would swear he shifted uncomfortably in his seat.
That did, however, set his father off to prompt his legal team to find loopholes in his wife’s will.  Gabriel had heard through ties he still had with extended family that his father was able to amend the will since he claimed the assets being given were not all of what belonged to his mother, but what belonged to both of his parents. This wasn’t something Gabe actually believed, however even after taking a few years of law school, he was never able to prove it. Sickened with the whole thing he dropped out, and a year and a half after doing so, Castiel called him with nowhere else to turn and thanks to his father’s cruel, cold heart, not a penny to his name.
“Oh my God,” Meg said suddenly and sat up rather tipsy herself. “We should go out. Gabriel messaged me earlier and told me everyone was going to the bar tonight and I was supposed to trick you into going with me.”
Dean gave a questioning glance to his brother, not sure how to take the order. "Stop what?" he asked with his mouth half full of whatever mystery meat he was chewing.
Dean watched as he complied, his eyes on his body as he stripped. He looked him up and down very openly as he hadn't seen him completely naked until now. He hadn't bothered asking to when the angel was still for sale because the wings had been the selling point. Of course, seeing him now he let his teeth sink down on his lower lip some from want. His body was perfect in every way imaginable.
“What did he say?” He yelled over the music some to be heard.
“Oh, right!” Chuck looked easier now as he asked, "what'll it be?"
Cas frowned deeply and stared at him.
The spotlight turned to Cas the moment he began singing again. His outfit not the usual suit and trench coat or the showy performance attire that Gabe would have loved to see him in.  Instead he wore a pair of tight jeans with a white button down dress shirt and a light blue blazer that almost took Dean’s breath away.  Castiel’s eyes were squeezed tight shut as he was starting to forget the audience and began to lose himself in his song. Each pained line delivered seemed to mesmerize the audience now.
“Hey, um, Cas, right?” One of the girls named Joanna Beth asked while waving a glass over his face somewhat drunkenly to signal which of them was talking, “I really have to pee. Like… now.”
He licked his lips as his grip tightened and twisted some around his cock.  "Castiel.." he whispered the first time as the image of piercing blue eyes flashed into his memory.
The least he could do was put his mind at ease some and stick around for a bit. Just long enough to prove to Cas that last night was a mistake. Just long enough to convince himself that things were normal and he really was fucking insane for even thinking about kissing Castiel, much less acting on whatever feelings creeped their way into his head and made him push the man against the wall and kiss him hungrily like he was starving without him.
“Yeah. It's me. Hey, Sammy ditched me and there’s no food. Come get breakfast with me.”  Castiel made a confused face before pulling the pillow over his head. Dean could easily tell that his answer was going to be no. “C’mon, I insist. I don’t like to eat alone." It was a lie for sure but he hoped Cas wouldn't pick up on it.
Castiel had no idea who that was but made a mental note to look him up later out of curiosity. Before he could berate himself for wondering what kind of
Some girls on the other side of the room whispered and giggled while a couple of boys rolled their eyes. Castiel looked the boy up and down, noticing that he didn’t wear a tie and his shirt wasn’t buttoned all the way which was against the dress code. He knew other boys tried to get away with this saying they forgot their ties and often girls would roll up their skirts in the bathroom until a teacher would notice and demand that they were pulled back down. The school was fairly strict and even on the kids first day he doubted the teachers were just letting it slide.
Castiel looked around suddenly aware that they were having this fight very much in the open. A few people already looked their way. “H-h doesn’t…” he stammered bringing his voice down.
Cas looked at the ground squirming a bit as he asked, “is it okay if Meg spends the night? It’s your house so I felt like the right thing to do was ask and I know you don't really like her so I didn't want to-“
As Castiel walked closer his face showed on all the screens in the control room causing a few people to gasp and a lot to whisper.
"It even has a disco ball..." Charlie began telling him before Sam laughed and chimed in, teasing Andy who was obviously taking it in stride.
The thought hit Cas all at once and he finished the thought for him. “You’ve just been taking care of me.” Guilt washed over Cas and he felt heavier than he did when he first walked into the room. Suddenly he just wanted to sleep.
Cas let out a breathe he didn’t realize he was holding. He grabbed an overnight bag and started stuffing it with clothes. If he couldn’t get away from his feelings for Dean Winchester by holing himself up in another room, he would go.
He licked his dry lips and kept his eyes on his desk, afraid to get reprimanded for speaking during the lesson if caught, but finally whispered back, “Pouvez-vous répéter? Je ne parle pas bien français.”
"You... assbutt!" He hissed in a whisper so he wouldn't wake any of the sleeping Winchesters or alert Dean to his brother's shenanigans. Yet, after a calming breath, he surprised himself by saying rather somberly, "he likes someone else."
"I didn't mean a double date and you know it. Plus, that girl you fixed him up with... Meg? She's not really his type, is she? Way to go."
so if you could maybe get the hell out that would be
“Sam. Twenty five hours of driving…” he reminded him.
The only church he had set foot in was the one that he was raised in.  While everyone had access to the bible and the teachings of God, the worship ceremonies always happened behind closed doors and felt like a very private relationship with God.  Now looking at the books in front of him it was almost intimate seeing other people’s beliefs available for purchase.  Or it would be if it wasn’t all blasphemous.  He was very sure that the idea that you could put a spell on someone and make them love you was all sorts of against what God wanted humans to do. He found himself curious and not only touched the cover of the spell book but flipped through some pages.
Castiel kept his eyes on the female a second who hadn’t noticed him yet and was still smiling after Dean. She was very beautiful and seemed to be a very confident young woman.
Gabriel didn’t care who the song was about. If the truth was that Meg was able to write this song and put this arrangement together on her own then he could definitely see there being a place for her in the cast.  He looked over at his brother and gave an approving look that said he liked what he was hearing before turning back to the girl.  He was pretty sure there was no way in heaven or hell that Castiel would be able to write these lyrics. He was too innocent, not that this song was overly sexual. It just wasn’t Cas.  His brother was moody and his lyrics dark. This was rhymey and cute.
ask. For a couple of seconds his fathers words came to mind but he was getting better at pushing them down. He hoped that the ability to do so wouldn’t leave him when he was completely sober. He licked his lips some and hesitated only a second before finally, softly saying, “I- I’m gay.”
Charlie and Andy pulled over to park on the street in front of the house as Sam told Dean to pull into the driveway.  Inside Dean found that the house was a good size. Four bedrooms. Two full bathrooms. A kitchen with every appliance you would ever need, an office and another room that had a few instruments, amps, headphones and the like.  Sam texted Gabe after the short tour to let them know that they were at the house and he got a quick reply that simply said, "on our way."
"Would you like me to prepare you something, Master?" Castiel again asked. He wanted to turn the conversation away from himself. He didn't want to answer anymore questions. There was not enough of himself left to truly even exist anymore. From what he had endured, he spent years becoming this stoic being, and one human male who would only be in existence for a speck of time wouldn't be changing that.
Cas looked down as he closed his locker trying his best to ignore the cute boy grinning at him. The bell sounded and he sighed. He was still getting a pass because he was the new kid learning his way around. If Dean would actually point out the way instead of distracting him he would actually get to his classes on time.
Cas was still for only a second longer before he finally reached out and took the beer making Charlie let out a whoop of celebration.  "Seriously, dude you were amazeballs.  The whole audience thought so. Everyone was talking about you after the show!" Castiel's cheeks burned slightly in the same way they did on stage when he finished his song and he looked down at the beer he opened, avoiding everyone's gaze.
Gabriel narrowed his eyes at him, knowing he was making fun of his plan. “Well, what would you do, since you seem to know my brother so well?”
Castiel kept his eyes on the floor, took one last deep breath, and began.
Now, Castiel chewed his lip and looked away embarrassed at the thought. A feeling of want that he thought he had gotten rid of stirred inside. “What’s wrong?” Balthazar asked when Cas gave no answer. “As-tu peur de finir comme ton frère?” Castiel’s eyes went wide again and he looked at Balthazar again but his friend just chuckled. “Bloody hell, Cas. Liking boys isn’t not contagious!” He hoped the sentence didn’t sound as forced as it did in his head. Truth be told, he still had his doubts that Cas was straight. Watching him go with Anna looked a lot like going through the motions, at least when compared to all the raging hormones that he had been feeling and experiencing the last couple of years. Gay, straight, or bi... Cas deserved that kind of happiness with
The forty something year old woman looked a bit tired and Dean wondered if that was from the night shift or from life in general as he answered, “Just a slice of apple pie for me.” Dean said giving her a smile that made her return one leaving her looking a few years younger.
Castiel chuckled and took a few steps forward feeling like that was invitation enough to do so. “Big fan,” he assured him making Dean sit up on his elbows more. He still looked half asleep but now the Winchester wore a sleepy smile as he returned his attention back to his phone and typed into it for a moment.
Castiel only looked more confused as Gabriel took a seat at one of the tables leaving Sam and Dean nothing to do but slide into a booth and wait as well. “You’re… auditioning?” he asked not sure why Meg hadn’t said anything to him.
“Merci mon ange. I couldn’t have received a lovelier gift.” He smiled at him and visually saw the tension leave Cas face that he wasn’t mad and was going to leave the explanation at that without pushing. Especially with people literally at the door.
Dean walked to the front of the bar, mostly trying to clear his head from the noise and distance himself from the song.  He almost felt like he preferred the loud circus act than the concert the crowd was getting tonight. At least then the bright lights and perfectly choreographed dances were a distraction from his own thoughts like the ones he couldn’t shut off tonight as he waded through the crowd headed to the bar. He had no real intention of heading back to Sam, at least not for a bit. He had been to enough of these to know that the crowd would stay glued around the stage leaving only the staff to frequent the bar to grab drinks for people. He wondered if Chuck was working. If he would be able to hear him over the speakers this far back, but when the last of the crowd split for him to check, he stopped in his tracks seeing Castiel.
This look she gave was one that Dean had seen many times before and he could tell by the way that she looked him over now that if this did actually go anywhere it would likely be a casual onetime thing which was A-Okay with him.  It wasn’t often, but sometimes he would misread a girl and what was meant to be a casual hook up became him explaining why he wasn’t boyfriend material. Always awkward and messy.  The look the brunette was giving him now though made him think that after their one and done, she wouldn’t have any problem kicking his ass out and reminding him that she didn’t really care if she ever saw him again or not.  Dean wasn’t usually one to cuddle afterwards so if that’s how things went down it wouldn’t be the worst thing, rather quite the opposite.
“This is a unique opportunity for you, Novak. Every person who goes through a break up does this.” Cas frowned pondering the words break up.
Now alone the boy scowled at each other. Gabriel started in immediately. "You really need to clean your act up, Sam Winchester."
Dean nodded though he wasn’t sure if he understood everything Cas was saying completely.  He got the gist which was enough but wasn’t good with words and didn’t know how to answer. After a few seconds of uncomfortable silence in the dark he reached over and turned on the lamp on the night stand before opening the drawer and rummaging through.  He pulled out a napkin with writing on it. He pushed off the bed and wakled over to Cas, offering it to him.
“Are you sure you still want to do this?” Gabriel asked Balthazar backstage, causing Ash to look up at them since the song was already queued up. They put it together quickly over the week but between Gabriel’s exceptional vision, able to take any lyrics and make an arrangement for it, and his own badassery … it all came together quickly and easily.
"Just waiting for you to stop kidding yourself. Lisa is not as into you as you are her. She's just trying to make her boyfriend mad by going out with you. And you set Cas up with his polar opposite because you're scared if you really set him up he'll actually like someone that isn't you."
.” There was unmistakable hysteria in his voice and he looked up rolling his eyes really fuckin’ missing living alone right now.
"Thank you, thank you. You're too much!
He grumbled some at that and sat back causing Lisa to look up. "Oh, we're here." She said, not even realizing before they had stopped.
Anna jumped when she heard it was time for her to finally do something and she fumbled to get her walkie-talkie off of her side quickly. Just as she found the button to push and raised it to her mouth to respond, another voice came over the radio stopping her.
The air between them was silent for a moment until finally, Cas asked, “Are- are you okay?” He hesitated when he noticed his boots were still on, which was silly if he was trying to sleep.
"I'm going upstairs to do homework," he said finally and turned away from him.
What Dean didn’t know was that Gabriel had slipped out as quietly as he had entered. He didn’t need to argue with the guy.  Gabriel knew that if he wanted him to sing there was always a way to make it happen.  He just had to find out something Dean would want in exchange. Most people, after all, were moved to do extraordinary things with simple motivators. Money, sex, and power were just naming a few things. If none of those and nothing else worked… hell, there was always room for some mischievous blackmail. He had time to figure it out. Just as he closed the door behind him and headed to the kitchen to start a pot of coffee, Castiel came out of his room, hair messy and eyelids still heavy from waking.
Realizing that he was openly gaping at his friend, Dean ruffled through the papers Chuck had given him as if to organize and understand them while he secretly peered passed them at Cas.  He was doing some sort of morning stretching that was both ridiculous and cute.
"Mr. Winchester," the handler exclaimed with fake warmth. "I have your purchase ready outside. Should I bring him in, or would you like to do the honors?" Dean's house was much bigger than it needed to be considering he lived alone, but when the money came in the upgrade felt like the right thing to do. Of course, this was mostly for security reasons. You didn't find the world's most precious relics and leave yourself open to get robbed or murdered for them. And of course, that left him with space to spare. Like the panic room turned angel jail.
Gabe rolled his eyes feeling like Sam had turned on him. Like he was intentionally keeping his brother from having a good time and in his current state or something. “It was
In the bright room, Cas looked at the bed. "I mean, I don't want to make you sleep on the floor either. We both fit." Dean shrugged and opened the door so when he turned the light off again the could both see to get under the blankets.
"Thanks," Cas mumbled as Dean took his seat.
At that Dean gave the biggest fucking eye roll ever. As if the guy weren’t there when Meg sang to and touched on him in front of an entire crowd of onlookers. “Oh, I don’t know.  A demon practically serenaded him and eye fucked him into a near comatose state.”  Gabe’s look of worry disappeared as he snorted slightly at Dean’s description of Meg as a demon. He would have to remember that one for later. Dean ignored his laughter and continued. “He's hardly said a word. He came home, worked all night and just went to bed.”
our flight was delayed.  I can do
"Oh? What do you do?" Dean asked curiously and leaned back himself while taking a drink of his beer.
Sorry for the absense. Busy busy. Then accidentally deleted some of my work. Then started rewriting it and rewrote it different. And here we are. LoL. Should be back to regular now that I've gotten more written and SAVED. <3
“Cas? What the hell’s going on?” Dean had one eye squeezed tight trying to block the light out that was coming from the other room. His sleepy voice was deeper than his regular talking voice and Cas absolutely hated that he noticed and liked something like that at a time like this.
"I'm not staying, Cas. Just going home. Okay?"
Sam kept his eyes on the floor unable to look at the boy. He had no clue how to even begin to analyze what it had been like falling for his best friend. It wasn’t an instant thing. He didn’t see him and pine for him. It was gradual and unexpected and the crazy part was he was pretty sure Gabriel felt the same way. Ruby was a distraction. Not because he couldn’t bear the thought of being with Gabriel or was in the closet like he seemed to think. No, he thought about it all the fucking time. It was the part that came after that he couldn’t think about. When something happened and they ended up breaking up.  Sam lost his parents at a young age. Moved across the country to follow his dreams, which some days felt like losing his brother. He wasn’t sure how he could even begin to start something with Gabe and then lose him too if things got messy and awkward.
“Huh? Oh, sure," he confirmed, figuring that answer was more acceptable than telling the guy that being with him was usually the highlight of his day. He looked up at the ceiling and found himself unable to really focus on anything, not sure if it was because it was dark or because he was drunk. Probably both.  He closed his eyes and put his hands behind his head.
loves.” He reached over to the nightstand, careful not to spill his cereal, and flipped on the radio as if to prove his point. Celine Dion got out two words from
Cas cleared his throat some and tried to look innocent as he asked, “Yeah, the Winchesters. Where are they?”
Sam stopped chewing his sandwich and looked at his brother strangely some before smiling.
not being able to hear what was going on was too much. “I mean,” he started thoughtfully, “I get being
Dean wishes he knew the exact moment he realized he was in love with Castiel. Thinking about it now he realizes he probably always has been. But that was a hard call to make, because now that he knew, it was hard not to imagine a time when he wasn’t.  He paced the floor of his cabin anxiously.
Sam shrunk some and kept his mouth closed tight. If there was any tension between the two boys at all, Dean didn’t notice. He kept his eyes on Gabe’s, finally feeling like he was taking Cas’ problems seriously, and while he might not understand all the family drama that started it, right now all that was important was fixing it.
Dean was in a deep sleep until he heard the sound of music coming through the walls. He frowned some before his eyes opened and he had to take a moment to take in the room around him to remember that he was in California, not Kansas. His duffle was still in the corner. He hadn’t bothered to unpack it considering he didn’t actually make it to bed until almost 3:00 AM.  He glanced over at the clock now and saw that it was soon approaching noon.  The music, though distant and muffled through the walls was definitely his wake up call and ensuring that he wouldn’t be falling back asleep anytime soon.  He groaned slightly but accepted his fate as he swung his legs out of the king size bed and let his socks find the floor.  He stretched and yawned before walking out in flannel pajama pants and an AC/DC t-shirt to find some coffee.  Opening the bedroom door the music got louder, he could only assume coming from the room that he had passed yesterday with the musical instruments amps and other gadgets that he assumed were for recording.  He walked down the hall to the kitchen and as the music got louder he found he was right. With the door closed, he had no clue who was in the room making music, not that he could really care or think about anything without his morning cup of joe.
Thursday’s were Ash’s easiest days at work. The big shows were always on Friday nights where everything had to be timed perfectly and he needed to be on his A game. Not that this was ever a problem, but in comparison Thursday nights were easy. The bar was open to the public and the stage was used for random auditions, the cast to let loose and have some fun revisiting their favorite songs they had performed in the past, and on slow nights sometimes they even did a bit of karaoke where the guests could come up on stage. Thursday nights, he could run in his sleep.
“Just that they are worried about you and wanting you to come out…” Dean said without much thought as he took another hesitant step in the dark. “Take your time though. We can leave whenever…” He added kind of quickly hoping Cas didn’t think he was annoyed to be here or in a hurry to get out of here.  The silence went on for longer than Dean was comfortable with as Cas realized that Dean had either misunderstood their conversation or was possibly giving him an out. He honestly couldn’t tell from the tone in his voice, but if the guy was playing dumb for his sake… wow.
Dean was reading a book that he wasn’t really into yet, but was trying to give a chance. The words were doing a fine job of keeping his thoughts away from the club and Balthazar and basically everything he witnessed tonight. He knew Cas and Balth had stuff to work out and he didn’t have any right driving himself crazy over wondering the what if’s of the situation. Staying would have felt like eavesdropping when his only real purpose was to make sure Cas was okay after not seeing him for so long... He looked okay.
"Mm..fuck.. Castiel" Dean spoke outloud to his empty room as he remembered angel wings lighting up magnificently in front of him. He remembered how badly he wanted to reach out and touch the feathers. He bit his lip imagining the angel on his knees again, looking up at him with piercing blue eyes silently begging him to do just that.  "C-Cas..." the name came out delicately at first almost like a prayer. "Cas...
“Nah, I haven’t seen him since he was on stage. He doesn’t seem to be a big drinker or one for crowds though. He only sits at the bar when we’re closed and rehearsals are going on.”
Castiel moved back behind the machines and flipped another switch to change his voice before moving the mic back into the stand and pounding out on the keyboard again.
"Try anything and I'll shove this through you." The words didn't come out fearful but more matter of fact.
Dean parted his lips and dipped his tongue in, pulling a surprised soft moan out of Castiel. Fueled by the noise, Dean went in again, this time his tongue swirling over Cas’ as their kissing became deeper and hungry for both of them. He caught Cas’ lower lip and nipped it slightly making the younger boy’s eyes open and pull back with surprise as Dean moved forward, trying to find him. Both of them, Dean on his back on the couch and Cas kneeling beside him, panted softly in the dark.
Just as Meg was winding down the song, Cas pushed past his brother and past Sam and Dean as he headed to the exit not looking back. “Jesus Christ,” Gabe said as he scrubbed a hand across his face tiredly. He sighed before shooting Meg a look that could be easily perceived as “hell no” in answer to her audition and grabbed Sam by the sleeve pulling him with him toward the exit. Dean stood for a second still wondering what the fuck just happened as he looked back and forth between the two exiting and Meg who just gave a half amused shrug. Dean couldn’t help but grimace at her as if whatever the hell just happened was her fault. That only seemed to make her amusement grow and she bowed at Dean as if the show and drama she just caused were all some fun game to her.
It was Cas that finally broke the silence when he stated, “Gabriel is a good brother.” Dean was a little surprised to hear the statement after everything he witnessed yesterday but he stayed silent and gave a nod. He didn't know Gabriel and even if he did think he was being too hard on Cas yesterday, he could see easily that it was coming from a place of love.  Before Dean thought of a response, Cas continued explaining, “my father... The song was about my father. Gabriel picked up on that from the words, I guess.” The boy sighed and took another drink. Dean stayed quiet realizing the best thing he could do as a friend right now was to simply listen. His brow creased with some concern as he remembered the depressing tone of the song, however. He remembered the chorus coming across as a big “fuck you” without actually saying so, but still… there was that whole other part about wanting to throw himself into the ocean… and looking at Cas now it made his heart hurt knowing he'd ever felt that way.
Dean was half way looking over the list but losing focus and most of his will to do any actual work at the moment. He didn't think about it much as he looked over at Cas. "Huh?"
“Sweet dreams little brother…” Gabe called out to him in a sickening sweet trickster sort of way that made Dean roll his eyes at the elder brother.
“Have a good night, Meg.” He answered simply. Meg leaned forward to give him a kiss on the cheek but stayed close to whisper in his ear. “Go find your boyfriend,” she said and squeezed his ass before winking at him and leaving to go hang out with Crowley.
Meg rolled her eyes at him before answering with a simple, “Sure.”
“I talked to Gabriel,” he said sounding proud of himself.
All four of them sank their drinks, the three slamming their glasses back to the table with a loud clank while Cas coughed lightly and made a face still holding his now empty glass.  The last time he did shots were soon after arriving and ended up getting wasted, kissing Meg, crying, and throwing up all in one night.  She assured him that all three things were pretty normal to do after drinking for the first time but he wasn’t so sure.  Drinking in celebration felt better but the alcohol was still di-sgust-ing and not at all delicious like Andy had said.
Balthazar feigned offense as he pouted. “Sors un peu de ta bulle. T’es trop nul.”
Dean made a face and immediately left the room. He should have been pissed about what Sam said about Lisa, but he was too busy wondering if he was right about what he had said about Cas.
Two more cages, one with a female looking angel that he passed quickly as it wasn't his preference.  Another that had a somewhat broken and cowered figure in a corner trying to hide it's face in his lap as he held his knees up to his chest. Dean ignored the guide telling him that the angel was perfectly adequate for whatever business he had planned regardless of his appearance in the cage. He kept walking, not interested in an angel so abused that he couldn't look him in the eye.
before throwing off the covers to change back into his clothes. He felt a bit giddy and tried to blame it on his love for pie, but he knew it was definitely a cover up. Cas was deep, mysterious, talented, and intimidating. And he was just a boring mechanic. So what if he wanted to get to know him better. He stopped off at the bathroom and brushed his teeth, checked his hair, and decided to change his shirt as he peeled off his band tee he had wore all day, switching it out for a plaid button down. While the boy probably didn’t give a shit what shirt he had on, Dean knew that if he looked his best maybe he wouldn’t be so intimidated by blue eyes looking at him from across the table. He thought about the way he had openly stared at him in the kitchen and his stomach did a flip flop. Well, he could hope at least.
“He works at a bar, I’m pretty sure there is food there.”
It was one thing to be dramatic. It was quite another to question Zachariah’s authority. He walked over and leaned across the table getting in his face. “I had Castiel fly out and in five minutes he convince two girls to do the show. Girls that, if I’m remembering right, you couldn’t close and get to sign a god damn contract.” Michael squirmed a little as Zachariah continued to stare at him and let that sink in a minute.  In a flash the creepy smile came back to his face though his voice was still cruel. “That means tonight, he said in a low voice, “I want you smiling, getting your girls prepped, and fucking ready to go,” he turned back to the room and exclaimed, “because we have a fucking show to do! Am I right people?” He turned back to the screens ignoring Michael again and raised his walkie-talkie. “Limo three girls. Are we ready?”
At school, things resumed as normal. Cas didn’t end up kissing Anna because soon after Cas’ birthday their relationship fizzled to an end the way that school romances often do. Balthazar didn’t worry or think too much about Cas’ love life for a while after that because he was too busy preparing for college, which Balth thought was a huge eye roll considering between Cas’ grades and his fathers money, he would be a shoe to any school he set his eyes on. Balthazar didn’t take the whole thing as seriously as Cas did who was already making a five year plan that ended with a Master of Divinity degree or one in Sacred Theology, depending on if he went the academic route which could allow him more time to write and record music for the church, or follow in his fathers footsteps with a more pastoral focus… another thought that made Balthazar roll his eyes. Who in their right mind would want to follow in that man’s footsteps?
As soon as he was in front of him Cas jumped, eyes wide and looking a bit scared as he pressed against the wall trying to escape his brother’s sudden wrath. Even from the distance Sam and Dean were, it was easy to see Gabe was giving his little brother a mouthful. Cas shook his head a few times but Gabe didn’t let up for a second. With the music so loud, Dean and Sam had no clue what the hell was going on or being said, but even Sam let out a shocked “what the hell?” as both Winchesters slipped out of their seats, leaving their beers behind to try and mediate whatever the hell was suddenly going on between the Novaks.
When I asked what happens if I don’t like any of the girls enough to ask them to marry me the answer was basically,
Gabe looked up at the ceiling feeling that the girl might be right on this one. “Yeah, fine.” He muttered and looked at the closed door. He wasn’t sure what to make of this whole Winchester coming to the rescue thing... twice now.  But considering Cas opened the door for him… maybe this was the start to the healing that he needed.
the feeling is love, dean. you idiot.
"Thank you for your company but I am going to head to bed now."
seen the show right?”
Dean looked a little taken aback as he looked at Cas' virgin lips then back up to the boys eyes. He had been telling himself all night that he wasn't jealous and that Cas could date whoever he wanted and that was fine. That was just
Now as they pulled in the lot he wondered if he could go through with it at all.  He was happy that he wasn’t the opening act or anything. Generally Gabriel did that solo or with a large ensemble. He grabbed his messenger bag with his notebooks in it and pushed open the car door. Many of the reservations he felt about going through with performing the number still in his mind.
“Pas dans un million d'années.” He told him angrily to the question he didn’t even allow him to ask. He turned around, got in his car and left.
Castiel nodded but his face looked serious.  Gabriel was reminded for a moment of the cold environment Castiel grew up in and for a second wondered if he had ever actually had a sleep over before.
"You're a really good brother, Samuel Winchester."
“Consider yourself my guardian angel against the guy who thinks he’s god.” Dean winked at Cas and stood up to brush himself off, leaving Cas looking up dumbly at him. It’s not that Cas couldn’t handle the request. In fact, that was rather simple to achieve if  it would get him to sign the damn contract and play the game. But it stirred a whole lot of confusing emotions into Cas and that was not
…” The words came out more pained than angry this time and he hated the way his voice broke. He sucked in a breath and turned his head away from the angel, pushing and trying get away from him but finding that being pinned against the wall by a supernatural being meant he wasn’t fucking going anywhere.
“Guy sounds like a dick,” Dean stated and caused a small bubble of laughter to erupt from Cas.
Dean hesitated as he looked over at his brother before turning to Cas and nodding. “Yeah of course.” Truth be told, Dean was looking for a way to hang out with him alone for a bit now and never found the right time to ask. With whatever the fuck was going on right now between Gabriel and Sam it seemed like the perfect time to get the fuck away from here. But hey, he tried to warn his brother. Roommates were messy. Someone misses a payment or leaves a cereal bowl in the sink without washing it and all hell breaks loose. He gave his brother a look that could only mean “we’ll talk about this later” before grabbing his keys and heading out the door with Cas.
“Are you in or not, Winchester?” Gabe asked, cutting Sam off. He didn’t deserve sympathy. Not when his brother was hurting so much, and hell, maybe not ever after everything else he went through while Gabe was out here, far away and living it up.
?” He looked beyond annoyed to have been joined in the bathroom when he knew god damn well there was another one upstairs until his face twisted confused. “Wait… didn’t I lock the door?” It wasn’t a step he usually forgot.
“Give it back!” More giggles and laughter and it sounded like someone was jumping on the bed before another small crash followed by more fits of giggles.
!” Sam got between them and pushed both boys back from each other some. “Dean, Gabe is right on this. Trust me. Let it go. Let it
Dean’s face was still under the pillow when he heard it buzz on the bed. He pulled it off, picked up the phone, saw the message was from Cas, and immediately sat up in bed to read his reply. He scanned it and felt like an idiot. Gabe had mentioned that the boy didn’t have a car. Of course he hadn’t been working sun up to sun down these past couple of days. They had a whole show to get ready for and Cas was probably just waiting for Gabe to finish work so he could leave. He felt guilty now for not texting sooner and inviting him to their dinner and movie night.
Cas shifted a little uncomfortably. “I’m sorry… for what I said earlier.”
“The girls are about to arrive. Are you feeling nervous?” Dean snapped out of his thoughts and looked over to the host of the show who had a frozen smile as he waited for his response. He was a good looking guy who he thought a crew member called Balthazar. He was surprised to hear him speak to him now when they had been standing next to each other for about twenty minutes as sound and lighting tests went on around them. The guy was seriously into his phone and hadn’t even bothered to introduce himself so Dean had opted to watch the others work around him, feeling odd that he was literally just standing there with nothing to do. The British accent was a surprise to him but with a strange name he guessed it kind of made sense. He opened his mouth to answer but stopped when he realized there was a camera with a red light on pointing right at him, ready to capture his thoughts to soon be broadcasted to the world. He realized that he must have been daydreaming when they said action.  He cleared his throat then and attempted to actually put thought into his answer.
Dean raised his hands in a mocking gesture of surrender with a slight smirk. "Sorry, Bobby. Forgot you can handle anything."
Gabe gave a slight nod but when their eyes connected again the softness was gone and the trickster was back. "Twenty it is. You know dress rehearsal means we have to find you something to wear. I don’t think the trench coat is going to cut it for this number.”
Cas felt his heart speed up a little and his face grew warm as he read the message a couple of times. Dean had extended a friendship offering to him a few times over the past few days and he was sure this was an extension of that. Meg was his friend and if she offered he would have said yes in a heartbeat. So if they were really friends what made this any different?
"'Night, Cas," Dean responded sleepily with a yawn.
Lights up on the right and left showed singers doing perfect choreography that was purposefully rigid and solider like as they moved around in jerky yet perfect unison.  This gave Cas a small break from his lyrics and Dean wondered for a split second if their deeper voices were part of Gabe’s vision for the song or if the lyrics were too painful for Cas to sing. His eyes found Cas again while they continued and even though the light wasn’t on him he could tell he was still looking down at the floor as if afraid to look into the crowd.
Just then the server came back with their shots bringing a round for the whole table, only Dean wasn’t back yet.  Castiel looked past the waitress scanning the crowd for him but Charlie grabbed his hand and pulled him lightly. “Sit with us!
Still looking at the phone Dean reached out and took the bag the girl was offering him.“I threw the rabbits foot in for free,” she said with a smug grin. “Looks like you need the extra luck after all.”
“Yes. I mean… no.” Cas sighed deeply and finally looked at Balthazar, his worry still clear in his expression. “I got you something. For your birthday. I mean… I didn’t get it. But… I have something for you.”
Sam stopped again suddenly only to smile brightly at Gabriel. “No more talking about my brother while we make out. M’kay?” He kissed Gabriel deeply before he could respond muffling a sound of protest from the older boy before it faded to a soft moan and he wrapped his arms around him. Neither of them thinking of Dean or Cas again for the rest of the morning.
"Come here."
Dean chuckled slightly and nodded, not giving away that he wasn't 100% sure he knew what WoW was. "Yeah, I'm in the shop a lot. Lots of work to do." He said lamely.
Cas frowned and sat up on his bed.
His brother slipped into the booth next to him and Dean gave him the biggest bitch face on the planet making Sam visibly confused. Charlie and Andy joined seconds later just as the song was ending.
Balthazar grinned to himself when he saw Castiel at his locker. His arms were full as he was struggling to hold his heavy books as he pulled another out before and adjusted to put another away. Balth leaned against the locker next to Cas, watching him with a smile before excitedly asking, “Puis-je t'embrasser?”
.” Cas held her gaze for a second but Meg could always challenge him right back without wavering. He loosened his grip on the bottle and she pulled it away looking pleased at his giving in.
“A bottle of champagne if there is one, dear.”
Meg tilted her head some trying to picture it. “Castiel Novak giving off a sexy, yet aloof and unattached rock n’ roll vibe? Hell yes! Try it on real quick.”
Sam thought for a second making Dean think that he had won. “I’ll pay for your drinks.” Sam offered and waited hopefully.
Dean was just as affected as the rest of the room in the trance like state that seemed to sweep over them all.  Sam was sitting next to him with his mouth silently hanging open, shocked that this was coming from the same guy that was so quiet at the house.
As happy as Dean was to hear that, Gabe only frowned more. “Why couldn’t you just stick to the plan? You think after everything Cas’ is just going to waltz in here and sit down for a pow wow? You know he’s taken off before, right? How could you take your eyes off of him? What if he ditched you and is headed to a bus stop or worse a…”
“-stretch your legs a bit after being trapped in the car for so long? Of course!” Sam interrupted hastily.
"Sorry. We were just going." The more serious brunette in the back said, already starting for the door.
Dean woke up, stretched lightly in bed with his eyes still closed, and rolled to his side getting comfortable again. He reached for his phone and sleepily checked the time figuring he could probably get another couple of hours of sleep. He dropped his phone to the bed and snuggled back down into the pillow laying still. His mind began to wind back down and drift off until suddenly a thought penetrated his rest and his eyes shot open.
Cas tilted his head a little as he looked at Gabriel, seeing the wheels turning but not able to guess what he was thinking. “Deano seems good.” Gabriel said finally making Cas raise an eyebrow on why it would have taken so long to answer something so simple. Gabriel decided to absolutely not ask any questions about it… but couldn’t help throw out, “a shame he’ll be gone at the end of the summer, I’m starting to get used to the guy being around.”
Dean leaned forward, reaching around Cas almost as if he were going to hug him, but instead let his hands find the chains that kept thighs bound to his feet. He unclipped them quickly giving him back his freedom to walk, but then did something that even he didn't know he was going to do. Instead of moving back and rising to his feet, instead he lunged forward again crashing their lips together in a kiss. It was rough as Castiel wasn't expecting it, teeth hitting teeth before Dean finally got his tongue in and kissed him with a hunger that he had suppressed throughout Castiel's entire little show. The kiss surprised Cas, but he did hesitantly start to kiss him back. Dean rolled his tongue over Castiel' moaning into his mouth before nipping harshly at Castiel's lower lip before biting it hard enough that it drew blood from the angel, leaving Dean with the copper taste in his mouth.
“Yeah, I know. I just thought you should know something before it gets sprung on you later.”
Dean nodded along, though if he were being honest with himself he was only half understand everything. “And the contract… does what?”
Sam was seated in the booth a little slouched over his phone texting Charlie the play by play of what was going on. “Still no sign of him.” He set his phone down and it buzzed.
Cas smiled back at the invitation, even though it came from Sam and not Dean. He had never spent the night at a friends house before. No one had asked him. And if it was okay with Dean too, he might do just that.
Dean straightened in his seat. He had a good line of view on Castiel and Meg’s table and looked over just in time to see Castiel roll his eyes and down another shot at hearing the announcement. In the time that had passed it was easy to see he was a bit tipsy again. While he was too far away to hear the conversation he was having with Meg, the light smiles sometimes became full toothed grins as he started relaxing more. It was a damn good look on him and he’d be lying if he hadn’t been glancing over a fair amount. A couple of times he thought Cas had been looking his way too, but when their eyes met Dean always looked away embarrassed to be caught ogling.
“Sure, not since you’ve completely removed yourself from my life.” He wasn’t trying to be loud, he just didn’t care the way that Cas did, and he’d thought these words long enough that once they started coming out he didn’t know how to make them stop. “I don’t know who you hate more… me... or yourself.”
The entire room was quiet. The atmosphere so much different than what the room had just been with Gabriel on the stage.
“Cherry please.”
“Gabe just… being Gabe.” He said as if that were enough to explain the sounds they had just heard. He moved forward into Dean’s space driving him back into the room a couple of steps and shut the door behind them. He leaned his back on it with eyes closed and head tilted up some like he was saying some wordless prayer.
“I’m sorry. Please call me back.”
are two different things. I know what he says about me to you. It isn’t hard to guess.”
"Why would I be weirded out?" Cas asked with a slight frown as Dean stared at him looking a bit on edge still. It wasn't like his attempt to woo Lisa was news to him. Cas' head tilted slightly as he looked on at him, concern filling his eyes for his friend who was obviously experiencing so much anguish over Lisa that he thought Cas would be affected by his withdrawal from the dance. Cas absently let his fingers run through Dean's hair lovingly since the pillow now covered his freckles. "I'm not going to stop being friends with you over this if that what you were thinking," Cas said firmly feeling that he needed to push his own feelings for Dean aside and help him get through this rough time. Dean's heart fluttered as Cas reached out and ruffled his short hair, still shocked and unable to speak. Cas pulled his hand back and smiled. "Sam said I could spend the night.. I-if you're okay with that, I mean."
Castiel kept his eyes on the ceiling but his ears were intent on his handler's words.  He had only been on the market a couple of weeks and the time before this it was more like a couple decades.  He was hoping for that again before he was sold off to the unknown.  Dean couldn't tell, but his whole body had actually tensed at the sound of his approaching footsteps.
“Are you kidding?” Balthazar asked with a laugh like her question was the silliest on earth. “That’s the best part.”
Dean walked into the kitchen glaring at Sam and Gabriel who both stopped talking immediately as soon as they realized Dean was in their presence. “I know what’s going on.” Dean noticed that both of them looked guilty at hearing his words and averted eye contact quickly. “Listen,” Dean started in a fatherly voice that screamed,
he'd had a chance to drink some coffee.
“The start to your rock education,” Dean said with a shrug but his smile gave away how excited he was about this. “I told you I was going to help you get acquainted with the greats. Consider this your first lesson.”
began to softly penetrate the wall.  He took a deep breath and pushed it away to return to his state of total relaxation once again.
When Chuck offered, Dean declined the second glass of whiskey. The bartender gave a single nod and put the bottle down as he leaned back against the bar with a sigh.  Dean had his head in his hands as Chuck watched him quietly for a moment before the words suddenly escaped without warning. “Why didn’t you kiss him?”
Without a word, Dean moved to kneel in front of him. Not something he would normally do since looking down on his more submissive fucks was
Cas gave a smile and nodded feeling the energy from the show still buzzing inside of him. He couldn’t believe he had actually danced in front of all those people. “Seriously, Cassie. Go have a little fun. Chuck knows not to charge you for any drinks. Go celebrate. You deserve it!”
.   "Down the hall.." he instructed, letting the angel walk forward in front of him. The hallway was wide with some of his favorite items on display like a mini museum.  Castiel walked with all the elegance and grace that he always had, keeping his head high even as he was paraded through like a sports trophy.  He barely moved his head, but he took in the details of the house, eyes flickering around and memorizing every inch and detail.  The male -- Winchester, he remembered -- had many artifacts, some rare and some not so much.   "Left up here." Dean announced as they turned down another hallway that had a few doors on the left and right as well as one at the very end of the hall with a sigil on it that the angel was sure to recognize. Castiel continued forward, barely narrowing his eyes as he spotted the Enochian symbol on what was sure to be his room.
And for now, that was enough.
“You know,” Balthazar started as he started to carefully push up on the cork. “You can always ask him if he’s interested. Or if there’s that perfect moment,” he pushed again on the edge a little more forcefully, “where everything is just perfect and you're close. Just go in for the kiss. It might be awkward but it could be fireworks too.”
Cas dropped all three books he was trying to hold in his arms before looking a bit horrified, checking over his shoulder to make sure no one had heard.
Balthazar stared at Cas, shocked for a beat before finally being able to push a thought from his head to his mouth again. “Because… there isn’t anything I don’t already have or can’t get myself.” It felt like giving Cas an out, using his own words to explain. Like avoiding the topic of if he was
“With ridges.” Cas chewed his lip nervously and was still gnawing on it when Balthazar emerged from his bedroom pulling on the sleeves of his jacket.
“Oh, yeah. I’m actually kind of jealous your virgin ears are going to experience Stairway for the first time.” Dean said yawning.
… he thought as he picked it back up to see Charlie’s reply.
Cas was staring at his pie and chewing his lip some, his own cheeks flushed a little as the Winchester's words set. Here he was again reaching out to him and something in Cas wanted to reach across the table and touch Dean's hand again. A moment of silence passed between them as Cas pushed the urge to the side, and just when Dean was starting to think he had upset the guy, Cas finally picked up his fork, gave Dean a slight smile and said, “I’ll give you a bite of mine if you give me a bite of yours.”
Cas snorted some at Dean's words and pushed himself up to a seated position in the middle of the backseat. “Yeah, well. Here I am,” he answered lamely.  Dean caught a glimpse of him in the rear-view mirror and could see the guy had been crying some.  Usually, stuff like that made the Winchester uncomfortable and he would change the subject altogether, but as Cas looked out the window Dean found himself openly staring at the Novak.
Dean's face went blank as he stared at him. Normally he would have been furious that he just drank a whole pot of weed. And that Cas actually mentioned the unmentionable. The kiss. But now all he could bring himself to do was sigh, stand and walk over to the bed, fall onto his back and stare at the ceiling. "You're a fucking dick." He said, laughing out the last word unintentionally.
Dean felt the weight in the bed sink as Cas moved forward. His eyes flickered up to Cas’ just before the distance was closed and their mouths crashed together. It was rougher than before. Cas’ sudden movement without warning made their teeth collide before Cas plunged his tongue into Dean’s mouth, pulling a moan out of Dean. Somewhere in the back of his mind was an alarm going off screaming that this is what messed everything up before… but it got quieter as Dean wrapped an arm around Cas’ waist, fingers moving under that damn Zeppelin t-shirt and pulling him in closer.
The chapter where we learn who Jane is. (Risa's gonna be pissed after the next chapter...)
“Balthazar is going to come here. He’s going to attempt to talk Cas down from whatever high ledge he’s climbed up on trying to jump off of... And if that doesn’t work, your Hail Mary is to have him sing at the club?”
Balthazar’s facade dropped and he immediately turned to Gabriel who looked just as surprised. Dean’s eyes went wide as Castiel started pounding out the melody on one of the keyboards, commanding the attention of every single person in the bar as if this were a regular Friday night show. Next to him, the mulleted techie tapped a drum machine perfectly in time with Cas’ playing while using his free hand to turn knobs to change the sound.
“Let me see.” Cas’ pen was still moving across the page as Balthazar picked up his notebook from the desk to inspect it closer.
wearing the trench coat.” The door closed leaving the two in the room alone again.
Dean frowned some. He was feeling a protectiveness deep within that was usually just reserved for Sam. He didn't know who the "you" in this song was, but he knew that he didn't like him.
“You sound like Meg.” Balthazar laughed at that and could see that Castiel’s shoulders were relaxing and he was getting comfortable again. He was just about to change the subject but Cas continued. “I don’t think it matters. He’s straight.”
“Oh, c’mon. Everyone’s dying to meet you! You can go to bed and rest after, old man.”
Castiel frowned some and felt a sense of dread wash over him before he even knew what she was talking about. His mind raced wondering what she could be talking about. Did something happen to Gabriel? Was he okay? Dean... Sam… dozens of awful scenarios came up as he turned onto his street. She started slowing down when they were a couple of houses away and Cas started to panic. “No.. I don’t want to-”
Castiel didn’t ask him to explain it further since Dean said that it wasn’t far. A few more blocks and Dean pulled into a lot with a small building and a store sign reading Bela’s Books and Boutique.  After parking Cas got out and followed Dean to the entrance. A few yards away when he could see in the windows better he pace began to slow.  Dean walked ahead not noticing until he pulled the door making the shop bell ring where he noticed that Cas was no longer behind him.  “Coming?” he asked after turning around to find him a few feet away almost on his tip toes as he tried looking through the window.
“I’ve always been a singer,” Cas said almost sounding sad, “the stuff I sing about has changed kind of dramatically.”  Dean couldn’t help but take a half step forward, mouth opened as he was about to ask what he meant, but he was interrupted by the high shrill beeping of the coffee maker as it rang out, causing him to jump back to where he was while his mouth snapped shut.  “Just black? No cream or sugar?” Castiel asked as he turned back around and pulled Dean’s mug that he had left on the counter closer to him.  He looked over his shoulder at Dean who simply nodded.  He poured him a cup and started to pass it over, Dean’s hand out ready for the exchange, but suddenly he brought it back in front of his chest studying it curiously. Without asking he brought it to his mouth and took a small sip before making a face of utter repulsion.  “All yours,” he said pushing it outward again for him to take. Dean laughed a burst of side-splitting laughter, hands on his hips and all at the face that Cas made alone.  It was probably the most expressive he had seen him or maybe anyone ever.
Unless… He tilted his head as he looked at him. ...his parents were loaded and the teachers felt like they couldn’t touch him. He suspected that was the case. Even though Cas walked the straight and narrow, he could tell when teachers were favoring him unfairly. He supposed it was a way to try to get in good with the family since his dad had a lot of money and with it, a lot of power in the community. But his father didn’t care about any of these people, seeing them as beneath him, and Castiel really just kept to himself. If anything, their favor only made him an outcast to the other students.
“Easy. Get him something you know he loves. Nothing big, that might scare him. Something you remember he said he likes once. That way when you get it he’ll know you were thinking about him. It’s a good ice breaker.”
Gabe scoffed.  “Bullshit. You can’t say that after the standing ovation you practically got last night.”
“Scotch, neat for me.” He told her and she gave a nod before heading to the bar. When it was just the two of them alone again he gave Castiel his full attention. “I didn’t want you thinking I came to win you back. I still mean every word I said back home,” he started immediately. “I’m just sorry it took so long to say it.”
“You good?” he asked Dean with a smile.
Cas stopped and turned to look at him, his blue eyes cold and angry.
When he got to the kitchen he could still hear the pot dripping and Cas had already pulled down two mugs that sat in front of the machine.  He had picked up the same newspaper that Sam was reading the night before and though he had glanced at Dean when he came in, he went back to silently reading. Dean chewed his lip some and paced slowly before finally deciding to hoist himself up to sit on the counter, not next to, but near Cas. He twiddled his thumbs and whistled a little trying to figure out what to say.
Dean finally took a bite of his food, chewing it slowly to allow himself time to think before offering a response. When he swallowed he finally had one and shrugged a little before saying, “I don’t know much about religion or even God… but I know that Heaven would be crazy not to take you no matter where you choose to spend your time.”
Thanks for hanging in there with me as I figure it out. My roadmap is the songs. The in-betweens still change a lot so it takes longer to write and for some reason it's hard for me to skip days. <3
He put the angel blade back in his waistband now that he was again bound.  Looking down at him he couldn't help but think was fucking gorgeous like this. Though Dean was sure that he would be gorgeous in absolutely fucking anything just like he was in nothing but leather cuffs. He crossed his arms over his chest and stared down at him. "I want you to masturbate."
Gabriel’s brow furrowed as he suddenly wished he had stayed back stage… was Cas so drunk that he was about to talk about their business right there, front and center for the whole world to see? Castiel wobbled some from the alcohol in his system and Gabe cringed at the thought of him making a spectacle of himself. Before he could make his mind up what to do, he watched Cas take the mic, practically ignoring Balthazar as he yelled out, “Ash!” The techie with the mullet poked his head out from the side curtain and asked for another minute.
Still another chapter (or 2) before the next song. I promise it's worth the wait. Getting to it! <3
Gabriel pouted at the sad tone in his brother's voice. "Yeah, okay Cas. Goodnight." Castiel hung up the phone and moved back to Dean's door, knocking lightly and waiting for Dean to give him permission to enter.
As Balthazar continued singing, two more dancers came out, both men from backstage that approached the singer. One got close and was either a hell of an actor, or a close friend of his as he moved in close, getting Balthazar’s attention and almost grinding on him to the rhythm with the repetitive lyrics. Dean looked shocked wondering how the fuck this was supposed to help Castiel.
"And not a day sooner, ya hear?" Bobby said gruffly but looked over with a softness in his eyes that said all the things he was really thinking.
Cas nodded and finally shifted his gaze away as he answered, “thanks for helping me out last night. Smooth move with the bottles.”
"Thank you for joining us here for another week of songs, shots,... and spiritual, sexual awakening!" The audience laughed some and a few whistled loudly indicating that was exactly what they were there for. "There are definitely some new faces in the crowd tonight! We are so glad to see you! Whether you got dragged here by a friend or stumbled here on accident leaving you wondered 'where the fuck am I and why are all these people singing?!' we're very happy you've entered our little slice of heaven.  On a serious note, I am both pleased and honored to introduce our next act who is a newcomer as well. Making his big debut tonight! My little brother! Castiel!"
The three boys grabbed the food and entered the club. A few people were changing out decorations while others stood on the stage looking up at the lights and talking about Friday’s upcoming show. Meg and Gabe stood near the stage, Meg looking pissy as always and Gabe looking like he didn’t have time for whatever conversation they were having.
“And leave Cas to figure out who he is on his own?” Chuck shook his head. “No, Gabe. You’re doing fine. Families are… complicated. You’re not just his mentor. You’re his brother. He’ll come around. He’ll be fine.”  Gabe nodded softly but Chuck could see he didn’t fully believe him. He hesitated a couple of seconds, letting Gabe get a few good swallows of his drink down before finally speaking.  “Hey, umm…” he leaned in a little closer making Gabe look up again. “If possible... I’d like a slot next week. Got some things coming together and need to get it out.”
Dean looked around the set. He still couldn’t believe he was here. His brother had pulled a lot of stuff, but signing him up for a dating show without telling him… that was above and beyond his usual prank wars shenanigans. Dean couldn’t believe they actually picked him. Or that Sam had actually talked him into going through with it.  It did help when his brother showed him some of the hotties from past seasons.  His brother actually fangirled over his favorite contestants and Dean had to give him shit for actually
“No.” Dean interrupted quickly and loudly. “No not think. He’s not in my head.” Chuck stared at him stumped and decided that Dean Winchester had officially reached his cut off point. When a guy turns sad and stops making sense he’s probably close to puking. Something else he learned from years of experience.
She walked down the steps straight to the booth that Cas was at making Dean jump some when he saw her out of the corner of his eye so close. He was having a hard time watching with all the eye fucking she seemed to be doing with Cas and until now was still looking away. Now she was in front of the young Novak and smiling at him as he blushed blinking up at her and gave a worried glance Dean’s way before looking back at her.
“Wait… what are you doing?” Castiel straightened in his seat as Meg turned the direction to go to Gabriel’s house. “I asked you to take me to the liquor store.”
After Chuck performed at the bar once, then twice… and Gabriel saw his talent extended beyond songwriting as his inspiration from customers that came into the bar seemed rather celestial, he tried to play it up like a party trick and get Chuck to sing like some mystical fortune teller singer.  Not that it worked like that at all which Chuck had told him numerous times. What he hadn’t shared with the club owner was the fact that the entire time he was trying to force him to connect with someone for a good tune to play on a Saturday night in the bar, all Chuck could feel was Gabriel’s pining for Sam. In those days the two hadn’t hooked up yet, so when Chuck took the stage and sang words to the room that Gabe had secretly felt in his heart, he felt his entire body blush and he quickly disappeared back stage. The words hit so deep to his core that he was sure if Sam had looked at him he would be able to tell that the words, the thoughts, the feelings all belonged to him.  When he saw Chuck later that night, the bartender tried to apologize. Gabriel simply asked him not to tell Sam. They didn’t talk about it again, but every once in a blue moon Chuck would ask for the stage and Gabriel would make sure he was in the lineup no questions asked.
Sam takes his brother to his roommate's bar theater to see the show thing.
. Before he could mentally chastise himself for being such a fucking girl about it his eyes found Cas’, only to see he had his head tilted and was staring directly at him, Dean clearly caught gaping at him.
Looking at the oldest Winchester now, he decided to ignore that topic altogether and instead started with, “I listened to all the songs.”
“Yeah, you’ll remember I said you should do an
going to waste the opportunity of our Fearless Leader having some fun." He told him quietly so no one but Dean would hear him. With that he turned away practically tugging Dean toward the cabin behind him. Dean found his feet following helplessly as he rolled his eyes for show.
Dean grumbled some and dug them out of his pocket with a frown.  As he passed them over and the room started spinning some he let out another grumble. “I’ll call Sam.”
Castiel set down his notebook, carefully choosing his words as he responded, “I would hardly call
seeing him like that and treating him differently because of it gave him a chill and he shivered slightly.  Dean was the warmest most caring person in his life right now which was ironic considering he didn't bring up the past to him tonight at all.
As if Cas read his mind, he continued, “now I’m going to sit with my friend Meg... she promised to buy me a drink.” He turned to walk away and Balthazar reached out and grabbed his hand to stop him. The sudden movement caught Dean’s attention and he looked again at Cas.
He wasn’t surprised when the sour face came back with the answer of “no.” Lots of guys, even ones in a gay bar, seemed to have mixed up feelings and felt lost. Dean was a textbook case for what he had seen before.
“Awesome,” Gabe replied simply and watched Dean walk out the door before turning to his brother. “You okay?” he asked as if Dean were some predator who held him up at gun point and forced him to get on the counter with him.
Gabriel tilted his head some as he pondered on the fact that there was something that Cas took from their words that he wasn’t upset with.
One more chapter planned (thursday) before music (friday)
"I, uh, found you some clothes if you want to change." Cas looked over at the t-shirt and shorts and nodded, scooping them up before asking where the bathroom was so he could change. When Cas returned Dean was fiddling with his record player that his Dad gave him a couple of years ago for Christmas.
“Yeah, no problem.” Dean said and nodded that he understood. Cas was looking out the window and didn’t see. Neither of the boys talked rest of the way there and Dean thought that the silence was kind of nice. Like when he would have a day off back home and take baby out for a joyride. Just the two of them wherever he felt like driving. Sometimes he would go so far he would find a small town with a single diner, much like the one they were about to arrive at. He’d have dinner and a piece of pie and then get right back in the car and head home. Of course this drive was much shorter but it still made him feel a bit homesick. He looked over at Cas when they still had a block to go who had his head resting on the window watching the lights go by. He imagined just for a second what it would have been like to go on one of those day trips with someone else and not alone. They were kind of used as an opportunity to get away from everything and this felt the same, driving late when there was only a few other cars on the road in a comfortable silence. Being with Cas now, it felt like the boy needed the escape probably more than he did.
Dean hung up without saying goodbye. He tossed the phone back to the seat. He had no idea what to expect at the show tonight and thought about ten excuses he could use to try and get out of it before shaking his head softly. No. This was the start of his three month vacation. In a new place he had never seen before. If the first thing Sam wanted to do was show him his crazy roommate’s gay nightclub then so be it. At least his drinks were going to be free.
Cas tilted his head and squinted some trying to figure out of her words made sense and he was just to drunk to understand them, or if she was that drunk too. “What?”
Sam that they would be having plenty of movie nights while he was here for the summer in order to catch him up on the good stuff.  Dean laughed and nodded along, answering their questions and sometimes chiming in on which movies he couldn't get into.  But in the back of his mind, he was thinking about Cas and thinking that he wasn't ordinary like his song suggested at all.
“Cas, are you okay?” The boy jumped again at hearing the voice after being lost in his own thoughts and he nodded his head a little too enthusiastically.
“Huh?” Sam asked, coming back to reality. “Oh, sure.” He sat next to Dean on the couch as he turned on the TV but was too lost in his thoughts to focus on the show.
mean I am wasting my life.”
“Like what?” Chuck pressed, partially for Dean so he could get whatever this was out of his system, and partially for his own selfish needs.  Ever since he sat down time had been going by much quicker for him and looking at the clock now it was already eleven thirty.
Castiel let out a breath of laughter and looked up at him, a small smile on his mouth that made Balthazar more relieved that he cared to admit. “Pas dans un million d'années,” Cas responded as he always did to the request that his friend made often.
Without another word he popped his sucker back in his mouth and stood up to prep his girls. It was early in the game, but his bets were on Bella. She was feisty and he could tell she was a bit manipulative herself. That meant she would probably do just about anything to win. Anna stared after him feeling slightly shocked with the speech. She wanted to learn the business and was determined to do a good job. But everything seemed a whole lot different and scarier than her preimagined first day of work.
“So, was it everything you dreamed it would be?” he fluttered his eyelashes at Cas and tilted his head for show before letting out another laugh. “See, no big deal, right?” Cas hesitated some but finally nodded slowly trying to process the new feeling that stirred. Balth accepted that, happy he could give his friend something special and though he didn’t say it, he really felt like it was a present for himself as well. A kiss that told him that his best friend really did accept him even though his dad had said all of those awful things about him and tried to get in Cas’ head.
. They were definitely in their bedrooms. The clock on the microwave read that it was only just past ten so he wasn’t sure they were actually sleeping. “Why do you ask?” Gabriel was fishing, but keeping it casual, and unlike Cas, actually able to do so. He pushed off the counter, taking his plate with him as he began washing it, watching Cas out of the corner of his eye.
“2 beers and a bloody mary!” A waitress at the end of the bar called and Chuck left Gabriel alone as he fetched the drinks.
After making himself a sandwich for dinner and binging a few episodes of his favorite doctor show he decided to call it a night. He wandered into his bedroom changed and flopped onto the bed and thought about texting Sam before thinking better of it not wanting his phone to go off if he were in the middle of something.
“Yeah?” Castiel called from inside.
Heavy piano and repeating melodies. The song was easy as pie to finish. “No problemo, man.” A strong hick accent and a lazy sideways grin made Balthazar’s eyebrows knit together some with doubt that this guy could handle it. Ash resisted the urge to roll his eyes at the pretty boy standing in front of him. “You just let me and my set up here,” he gestured to his equipment, “take care of the music for you.”
“No… I was…” he cleared his throat a little and moved forward to retrieve the shirt in his size. “I was going to say I think I like this one.”
Dean mouthed silently and rocked on his heels some. This was going to be a long three months.
Except then Gabe started turning him away and that was so much worse. Now it was all fucked up and he promised himself that while Dean was here he was going to stop. The drugs. Gabe. Everything. Only he hadn’t counted on the itching cravings that would come and go. Somehow last week’s pick me up turned into
Gabe looked at the beer and back at his brother. "Next time I'll say two beers if it will keep you out here longer." He teased and made Dean chuckle lightly as he was drinking his new beer.  He coughed a little making the others glance over for just a second but Castiel held a soft smile as he continued looking at him.
Dean realizes that he seems to be running the show at this point, because Cas doesn’t make any move toward continuing where they left off, but instead waits to see what Dean is going to do next.  Since Dean doesn’t know the direction it’s going or what this even means he just stands holding onto Cas for a few more minutes.  Now that impulse has stopped taking over and his heart rate is returning to normal he is lost.  A better summary of it would actually be scared shitless, but he drives the thought away with another soft kiss on Cas’ lips and when he pulls away Cas hears a soft broken sound escape his lips.
… Ruby. Sam scowled and pocketed his phone without sending any answer. He looked over at Gabe who was standing next to Balthazar with his arms crossed as he looked toward the entrance. He hated that Gabriel blamed himself for what Castiel was going through when it was obviously their warped father who had done this to him. Every time that he tried to get close to Gabriel and be there for him this past week the return he got was cold. Whether that was intentional or not, he didn’t know, but he was trying to take a step back and give him the space he needed to get through the family crisis that was currently happening. After all, Gabe didn’t say the break would be forever… just that he needed to take this time to be there for Cas. Completely understandable… but Sam felt like he was to blame anyway. Because maybe if he had the balls to be open about his relationship with Dean, then Gabe wouldn’t have to split his attention between Cas and keeping his secret.
Dean was absolutely taken with the angels blue eyes, especially as he looked into them from this intimate distance. He saw a ripple of something go through the angel that made his heart pound for a second.  Until suddenly, Cas became aware that his thoughts made him pause and his hand was still as the two stared at each other in silence.  His face slid to blankness again while his hand picked up the pace as if making up for lost time.  And just like that, whatever it was that Dean saw just as quickly as it showed, leaving the angel emotionless once again.
came to mind and drove Dean to naturally move a hand from behind his head to find Cas’ trench coat and pull him closer as his eyes fluttered closed again. Of course a kiss like this would leave someone feeling indifferent. He was going to change that.
"We can what, Cas? Sit around and talk about our feelings?" He snorted some like yesterday was some drunken joke and Cas had been right all along. "You don't even like coffee and I've got shit to do."
In the morning he woke and found he still had one earbud in though the music had stopped.  He opened the door to his room and could smell bacon cooking.  He didn’t even stop at the bathroom as he made his way down the hall feeling like he had waken to a dream.  When he reached the kitchen he could see Sam through the door and sitting in the dining room.  He had circles under his eyes and looked pretty miserable but it was nothing that couldn’t pass for a hangover.  Gabriel was even more cheery than normal as he moved about as if trying to cover up everything that had happened with his joy.
