"Streak of blood. What else?" John demands.
hard part had been those first days at the HDU, listening to Sherlock trying to draw in a proper breath in between coughs and watching him tossing and turning when the muscle pains and the fever made it impossible to find a comfortable position. The first Covid-50 death at Chard's Rift had just happened, and it had been a twentysomething Ground Crew member. Outside the base, it seemed to kill indiscriminately; no clear risk factors for the severe form of the disease had been established.
John's voice leads her away from her wants and brings her back to reality. Painful and unfair reality. Clearing her throat, she gives a sideways glance to John.
Sherlock lets out an exasperatted sigh and rolls those stunning eyes.
"Glad to have you back," she jokes. "I was just asking if you want me to pick up food on my way to your house? Maybe that Chinese place you're so fond of?"
school? I see he likes to get a bit rough, thanks to the dark bruise on your neck that your shirt collar barely hides. I'd say it happened around first. Not that you mind, though. He's got one too match yours. How romantic," she drawls sarcastically as she smirks at the bully.
"I suppose so, but she needed a job and I needed a sitter."
She ruffles her hair irritably before she launches herself out of bed. Not even bothering to put on her night gown, she walks quickly down the stairs. Stopping by the door, she let's out another relieved sigh when she sees John's shoes. A soft humming from the kitchen catches her attention. Cocking get head to the side, she walks quietly towards the kitchen. A soft smile comes to her lips as she leans against the counter.
Sherlock had hummed. "So. A shit trip then?"
"Breathe in. Breathe out."
Picking up her phone, she dials her girlfriend.
Ahhhhhhhhhh! I know, I know, this is really late for an update.
To fill the sleepless nights, he starts going for walks. It works out perfectly. He's slow with his limp. Slow enough to walk the whole night away. His favorite place to walk is the park. It's peaceful and with the calming sounds of the ducks and familiarity with the noises of his beloved city, his mind is finally able to block out the gun fire and screams. Sometimes, he even forgets the pain in his shoulder and damned leg.
She feels warm hands run soothingly up her back and she looks down at John, her eyes dazed.
A few more cycles and Sherlock's breathing returns to normal and her body stops shaking. She's still a bit shaken up from the hateful words Sally had said. The words are still ringing in her ears. But, it's okay. John's here. John's always here.
He doesn't believe in Destiny or Fate. But, John Watson will forever thank whatever or whoever led him to Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock looks down at her best friend's flushed face and adorably cheeky grin. She feels warm and comfortable perched on John's hips. Noticing she still has a hold of her wrists, Sherlock retracts her hands.
"What's funny?" She asked with a bite in her voice.
"See you later, love," her girlfriend says affectionatly.
Sherlock is sleeping when John packs up and heads back home.
"He did not!" Sherlock exclaims as she laughs so hard coffee comes spewing out of her nose in the process.
Smiling softly at her older brother, Sherlock says, laying a hand over his, "I'm glad to see you looking so happy, Mikey," she pats his hand. "You were working so much. I was starting to worry about you."
She lays down next to Sherlock and rubs her head against her blanket covered knee. Sherlock doesn't move or even blink; just sits their frozen, her dazzling eyes forward like the statues that sit in their school courtyard. John gazes up at her unresponsive girlfriend. She wants to reach up and card her fingers through that frizzy black hair but she knows Sherlock would most likely slap her hand away. She doesn't like to be touched when she's upset like this. So, John just observes her in silence from where her head rests against Sherlock's knee.
"You know that I'm never to busy for you, Sherlock. What did you have in mind, love?" Something clanks on the other side of the phone and John lets out a curse, causing Sherlock to laugh.
"Yeah. They're in France so my father can work on his book. Should be back in two weeks."
Tonight, she promises herself, I'll tell her tonight.
"And just how is it unfair?" John asks while she gives her hair one last good rub and throws the towel on the floor.
"Thank you," she whispers as she rubs the back of her head. Wincing, she pulls her hand away. Still rather tender.
Sherlock gives a laugh just when her Mother's voice calls. "Love, who's at the door? If it's one of those sells man send them away."
"Harry was a bit much but I'm happy my da wasn't with us. I don't think I could handle two drunks."
"If I ever see you anywhere near Sherlock again or causing her any pain," her voice becomes barely a whisper,
How long has John been planning on this? Was she ever going to tell her? When does she leave? Why is she leaving? Why does she not want to stay with her?
She's surprised when John surges forward and captures her mouth in a bruising kiss.
John was relaxed after her scorching shower. Her body was no longer tense as she put on her clothes. All the relaxation lasted until she opened the bathroom door and saw her girlfriend collapsed on the floor, her shoulders shaking with silent sobs. Sherlock was clutching something in her elegant hands so tight that her perfect knuckles were white as a sheet.
John smells heavenly. Sherlock sniffs and smiles when the smell of her body wash reaches her nose. John smells like her. She has marked John Watson as hers. She can't help but feel a bit smug.
John sighs as she places a bowl of cereal in front of her five year old. "Her name is Sherlock, love. Mike recommended her."
Her John joining the army.
John <3 : sweet dreams, my love.
Tears dripping down her chin and a muffled, pain laced sob escaped and Sherlock had been horrified at her own out burst of sentiment.
Maddie already likes her sitter.
"Why the hell not?!" Sherlock had yelled back as she followed quickly after her very upset and emotional best friend.
"What's funny?"
Straightening up, John stares down at a now mortified Sally. She smirks and makes a shooing motion with her hands.
"If I like you then you're my sitter for forever, Sherlock."
She would not cry. She would not cry...
"I met you in the dark,
Sherlock tugs harshly at the shirt and makes a growling noise. "Off," she says while tugging uselessly on the article of clothing. "Off now. Need to see you." She looks up and John's breath catches. She's never seen this side of Sherlock. It's safe to say, she's getting extremely turned on by the site of her usually cold and distant best friend, made girlfriend, lose control. Over her.
"Stop 'at," John's sleep slurred voice demands. Sherlock looks down and finds sleepy blue eyes staring back at her.
She's in trouble. Has been since her first year of high school. She's in trouble because for the last three years, she's been falling slowly but surely in love with her best friend; John H. Watson.
"Good morning, brother dear," Sherlock chirps as she comes to stand beside him at the stove.
He rejoices in the quiet chuckle. He feels like he's one the lottery.
Slowly, as if she's trying not to frighten a baby deer, John reaches forward and taps her forefinger against Sherlock's forehead.
"Nothing. I'm just...happy." The smile she gets in return could replace the sun itself. Leaning up, John kisses her tears away. She places kisses any where except on Sherlock's lips which causes Sherlock to let out an undignified whine while she pouts at her girlfriend.
Sherlock doesn't knows she's crying until John is kissing her tears away, saying I love you with each kiss she leaves.
Getting out of bed, she makes her way quietly to the bathroom. When she passes John's bag,something catches her eye. She knows she shouldn't snoop in John's business but that doesn't stop her from pulling out the suspicious packet of rather serious lolling papers.
Squeezing her tighter, he makes a sound of agreement. "Buutt," he song songs, "so many things could go right for her as well. Think positive, sister mine. All will be fine. I'll make sure of it." With a kiss to her hair, he pushes her back.
"Take away. With extra noodles."
He's finally becoming okay.
"Then trust me when I tell you that I'm not leaving you."
She heads back inside an hour or so later.
"I'll be fine, John. I promise," she says after a beat of silence.
She loves how John softly sings to herself when doing homework, writing, or drawing. Even though the songs are often not Sherlock's favorites, she puts up with them just to hear John's soft, smooth voice that flows through Sherlock's blood stream like a smoker's first taste of nicotine, strong and heavy but no less satisfying.
She knows who the hand belongs to thanks to the chipped orange nail polish and well kept fingers. Rolling her eyes, she waits for Sally Donovan, her bully since god knows when, to hurdle her most famous insult.
John smiles back.
"Don't mind Donovan," her savior said as she wetted a paper towel and pressed it gingerly to Sherlock's appraised lip. "She's a cunt. Has been since we were little kids," she stated matter of factly as she placed a warm and gentle hand under Sherlock's chin and tilted it up to check for any signs of a concussion. Satisfied that her head was okay, her savior removed her hand. Sherlock instantly had missed the warmth. At the time, she hadn't understood why.
John's blue eyes widen, "how long?"
Curling her knees to her chest, she holds the dog tags tightly in her clenched hand. The bite of metal is grounding.
"You think you're so clever," she snarls into her ear as she yanks again. This time, the pain almost, almost causes her to cry out. She's biting the inside of her cheek so hard that she can taste the metallic flavor of blood.
"Just Sherlock, please. You saying my last name makes me feel like my mother."
She looks down at Sherlock's face; so innocent and gentle in the early hours. John places a kiss to her forehead and slowly untangles herself from Sherlock's embrace. She has to figure out a way to tell Sherlock. She has to make her understand.
"Are you all right, love?" John asks, her deep blue eyes showing concern.
John smiles.
"Hey, Freak."
The playful back and forth banter continues until they make it to school's front gate. Turning and looking her up and down, John asks, "You going to be alright  walking home?"
"How dare you speak to Sherlock as though you're better than her! How dare you even lay a hand on her! I'd love to bet the shit out of you right now. I'd beat you until you were choking on your own blood!" Her breathing is erratic and her fists shake from the effort of restraining herself from doing what she wants to do so terribly bad.
Sherlock hums, her eyes raking over John's face. To John's surprise, her best friend lowers her head to where their lips are merely an inch apart. She can feel Sherlock's soft breaths. She swears she could probably taste her sighs. Head heady with the intoxicating feeling of having her best friend so close, she almost misses what Sherlock says.
An idiotic smile comes to Sherlock's face as she cuddles closer to her girlfriend. John is warm and her honey gold hair is still damp from the shower she had before they went to bed. Sherlock can feel the warmth of John's skin through her thin night shirt.
John glares but the playful glint in her eyes lets Sherlock know that no heat is packed behind the gesture. She pushes her gently and huffs.
For a minute I was stone cold sober,
Realizing that oxygen is indeed a thing they need to have in order to live, they part. A thin string of saliva connecting their kiss swollen lips. Sherlock is beautifully flushed and panting above her.
"What gives you the right to say who's good for me, hmm? Why should that even bother you? It isn't like you actually care!"
"You can't just bloody run off everyone boy who
Part of her is waiting for John to shove her off and storm out for being wrong and disgusting.
She smiles every time John says something so incredibly John, like
Eventually, she gets up. She groans as her back pops in a stretch. She's achy. It's a good ache, though. It reminds her of her time with her John.
"Take away?" She'd asked.
"She wants to go into the military. She says it's the only way she'll be able to be a doctor."
"You're bisexual.." it comes out as a barely there whisper.
"Of course, John. See you at 11."
"I doubt what your brother does is tedious," John teases as her laughter subsides.
But you'd never know
She loves how John'll sometimes forget that she's  got a led smudge on her finger and carelessly rubs the middle of her forehead, leaving a dark smudge that she'd happily kiss away. If only she was just given the opportunity to do so.
I truly don't deserve you, folks! <3
. Once they got in, a man showed them to a fancy tea room filled with only a few tables due to its privacy and both boys sat at a spot near the windows; Sherlock ordered for them and during their wait, put the books and paper sheets on the table.
Thank you for all your support, kudos and comments!
!” as an answer from Sherlock.
"Because you won't tell anyone about what you saw last night." Sherlock smiled and walked to the door.
YES. AN UPDATE.
"Believe it or not, I'm not that idiot. I can lie pretty well." John replied starting to get annoyed again while following Sherlock behind.
John nodded ashamed again. Jesus Christ, in that moment he would give anything just to be swallowed by earth! If his mother were listening to him right now, oh the nagging he’d be getting…
And now he found himself in the family dining room accompanied by a cup of tea while the butler served breakfast to John and the latter looked at his plate totally amazed, almost unable to contain his surprise: toasts, ham, eggs and beans were server to him in portions John would have normally shared with his whole family; when he reached the butter, he couldn't stop to think why did
"You're not living in any middle class home or in a banker's home, did you pay attention to this place? This manor is home to an aristocratic family, an important one and yes, it's true that Lord Sherlock's limbs are fully functional, one of our duties is to assist him and to the rest of the Holmes family. Now", the servant helped John and brushed his vest once again, just in case, "be a good man and go to his lordship's room, don't make him uncomfortable, don't speak if he doesn't asks you to and don't tie too tight his shoe laces or it'll be a bit tricky for you later if he decides to change into his riding clothes." And with that last piece of advice, that man sent John outside of the room.
*, he sounded like his normal annoyed self. “I just came to hurry you up, the stupid visits of my mother are about to arrive.” And with that, left the room slamming the door.
as a being that controls my actions and my judgment. My God is the science, the progress, knowledge and wonders created by our human fellows, John.
"Mr. Watson please don't hurry your son. After all, he's about to take a great decision regarding his future."
“Ask him to wait in the drawing room. The blue one, also, ask him to have the payment order ready and ask one of the maids to take Mr. Watson’s things to his room.” Instructed Lady Holmes and smiled when the butler left the room, looked at the young men and almost laughed at their anticipation; “yes, you may leave. Just don’t tear the clothes apart in your excitement.” And laughed at the way the boys stood up so fast as if their seats had turned into hot lava.
If you're curious to listen to the song that Sherlock sings in this chapter, I'll leave you a link here (I own nothing) and the song is called "Star of love." :) https://youtu.be/nJBVawVue40
Well... It's been a looong time, I KNOW AND I'M DEEPLY SORRY :(((
*************************************************
And John's a bit bit naughty ;)
Lady Sarah's gown: http://pin.it / jLVtUxH
Sometimes, Sherlock can surprise with his behavior.
And no, I'm not joking.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Leave it on that table, Jeremy and leave.” Replied Sherlock with certain boredom in his voice, when they were alone again, took the letter as if it was sent to him and opened to read it. “My dear child, please stop being so ignorant, it hurts to know you’re so dumb minded and stubborn; if you could do me a favor, I’ll be forever grateful: stop looking at food as if you were looking at indecent naked women in the middle of the dinning room.”
Still, there’s an important lesson in the gospel of John men keep forgetting despite of being the most important teaching from God: ‘
Mr. Holmes stopped writing his letter and looked curiously at John. "Can I know why? The Tisher brothers wouldn't delay too much with your clothes and shoes."
Trust me, you don’t need a summary.
Sherlock smiled haughty, triumph resting on his face: Just one word, one little lie and he could send John back to the slums of London... Still, he had a better idea. "I'm absolutely fine, Harker; Mr. Watson asked me about my passions and my leisure activities, talked to him about boxing and he asked me, charmingly as he comes, if I could show him some movements after breakfast. That's what you saw when you came in. Still, please do tell me what were you going to say."
*During victorian era, it was common to find a little child on every street corner. For a very low price, childrens would sweep the floor for the aristocracy when they crossed the street.
“Oh no, not at all! Without John or my Harriet, I’d still be poor but my misery would be bigger.” Said Mrs. Watson and smiled at her neighbour before she left. What was in her mind? Mrs. Richter was surely mad! Evelyn Watson could never conceive a world where she didn’t have her marvelous John or her beautiful Harriet.
Thought John while walking along with his father and decided to agree with him even if he didn't like that philosophical current: John had never belonged to the high class (the most expensive thing he ever owned was a pair of black boots that his mother got him trough the woman she worked for, since said woman had a son of the same age as John and said son didn't want the boots... Well, at the moment John thought the boy's attitude was devious and arrogant but, who cared? That scored him completely new shoes.) but that didn't mean he wholeheartedly agreed with his father and neighbors opinion: All the high class was full with mean, selfish people and the poor class was full with kind-heart people.
"No! It's French. And you'll learn it because not all the medical information is in English; also, German, Greek and Latin will be handy to you," promised the youngest Holmes, "I'll teach how to write at home."
************TRIGGER WARNING: Suggestion of sexual abuse********************
" Thought while handling the blonde man, then, a servant came in time when the young aristocrat was about to deliver the first punch.
"Do you want to tell me what happened out there, Sherlock?" Inquired Mr. Holmes totally serious, gazing at his son."And look at me when I am talking to you."
On the other side there was Sherlock, a mix of boredom and annoyance thanks to John's reactions, he started to feel exasperated at his paid friend's face when the home made jam was served but, what could anyone expect from the youngest Holmes? The longest time he had to wait for dinner were fifteen minutes three years ago (thanks to a little delay from the cook.) Therefore, he truly never experienced hunger, his tailor-made clothes were always in perfect condition, his only worries in the world were: books, knowledge and his arrogance. Then, how would he understand everything that John was going trough if his own "tragedies" couldn't even be called that way?
"Ladies, if you are going to react this way at the smallest intrusion by any mouse or rat, I suggest you to avoid working in any respectable house at the center of London. You'll all die of a heart attack in the first twenty four hours." Sherlock looked sternly at them right before leaving to enter trough the house's main entrance, let the butler take the riding crop from his hands while another servant told him about his father's whereabouts. It was enough to say the young aristocrat didn't stand the fear and common stupidity easily found in men; for him, all the cowards and slow minded people deserved the worst of punishments (although sometimes he thought their ignorance was punishment enough) and they shouldn't live under the same roof as he did.
, just like that. That’s it.” John heard Joshua moan, something that made his stomach churn and feel something else, something unknown to John.
"John? John Watson?" asked the boy, confusing John. "It can't be... It's me, Eliah! We used to play together when we were kids until mom decided to move into a workhouse."
“My darling boy,” said Lady Holmes during that fourth morning during breakfast with Sherlock sitting at her right side and John to her left, “you already know that we still owe a visit to the Carmichaels from last winter’s season but before that visit, Lady Nitt and her daughters will come for tea at midday; I hope you’ll get yourself into a better froc and behave like the gentleman you are.”
"Hurry up, boy. Today you're going to work with me." Said Mr. Watson, the patriarch of the family; John nodded while trying to hurry up, minutes later he was at the poor kitchen table, helping his mother to serve breakfast despite the disapproving look his father shot at both of them. "This is a very important job, if you don't ruin it like everything else you do, we'll  make ends meet until  next month thanks to the fifteen pounds payment of today."
I'll try to update faster, sorry :((
John sighed at the image but still offered his kindest smile to his employer and secretly gave her son a deadly look. It was needless to say that John's bad mood raised when he did not rest the hours that he was used to sleeping, whether being few or too many hours. “Good morning, Lady Holmes.
"You're being a show off and that's not nice." Suggested John a bit annoyed.
“Good Sir Wilde, I thought I would never hear from you again after that lecture you gave in Oxford.” Greeted Sherlock while standing up to shake his visit’s hand; something that caught John’s eye since that was the most affective he had seen the young Holmes since his arrival to the manor.
position on the right rim of the plate;” he sighed when someone knocked at the door, “come in!”
"Why do I have to care about two vazeys?*"
And if you're curious about John sunday's outfit: : http://pin.it/1z2i2pA
On the other hand, John caught himself thinking of the young rider and his eyes that reminded him of the sea after a storm.
for being in love or being shagged? Who said I must only find women attractive?”
P.S: I'll work on chapter 4 as much as work lets me :c
“I hope so.” Whispered John and was about to say something else to the valet when someone knocked on the door and without waiting for an answer, Sherlock popped into the room; discreetly showing off his three piece suit decorated with the gold clock chain dangling from the pocket for his watch in his vest. “Well, I know we mortals can’t look as regal as you in such fancy clothes but don’t look at me like that.” John joked when noted the astonished look in Sherlock’s face, who also looked at him as if the young blond were a newly found marvelous creature.
Anyway! Hold on, I'm currently working on translating chapter three (for people who were following the previous translation of this work) so I can start working on chapter four.
"Oh, Lord Holmes!" Greeted the tailor; a man whose hair was beginning to become a mix between black and gray; with a smile and a great mood once he came back from the counter. "If you allow me a word, your lordship, I see you brought a shopping pal with you." The man smiled while looking at John from head to toe, the latter smiled awkwardly.
John clenched his fists under the table. The little speech angered him; he had never met someone mean and cruel as Sherlock (and he even believed that kind of person couldn't exist until...well, the young aristocrat.) "Listen here, your
The young man kept silent during minutes that seemed hours, trying to process the advice he just got and saw a little ray of light: It was true, Sherlock wouldn't be eighteen forever, at a certain point his parents would look another place for him to live or maybe he would finally marry and leave, then his work would be done... Or even if that never happened and Sherlock had to live with his parents, at some point John would finish his medical studies, being able to leave Holmes manor, forever thankful for the great opportunity.
"He won't marry you just for saying he's kind and gentle, young girl." Interrupted Mr. Watson. "Where's Mr. William? I'd like to have a word with him if possible."
“I’m asking that if your father argued with you before or after you had a proper breakfast with your mother.” Repeated Sherlock, using the small amount of patience he had.
http://www.waynesthisandthat.com/servantwages.htm
*** Quel bel endroit: "What a nice place."
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John’s answer. The latter really,
Two months have passed since luck struck John with its irony in allowing him to fulfill his dream of becoming a doctor with the minimal cost of enduring the fickle character of the youngest in the Holmes family; but just as the days had passed, that haughty and prejudiced character of the black-haired man had disappeared (at least in John’s presence), resulting in calmer and even enjoyable days for both. Just as John had promised, he managed to learn in a short time everything that was required of a young man of his current position: he ate with elegance, he no longer doubted which cutlery to use at the table, he understood philosophy, Latin, some politics and history, gone were the days when he could barely write something half decent with a pencil, his manners with women had been polished... And although now it could be said that he was a "new" John, his humility didn’t wane nor his kindness toward everyone; his Sunday visits to his mother were carried out with an almost religious punctuality (although now he tried to meet her in a small restaurant, all because he now could afford such invitations and even managed to buy her a couple of nice dresses), and in those eight weeks he had never forgotten to send her his wages.
And John was thankful.
Despite Sherlock's rejection, John tried again. "So, your father told mine that you finished college six months ago; what else are you planning to study? Laws? Accountancy? Or maybe you want to pursue a teacher's path, I can see you love books."
"Do you see what I mean?" Marked Mr. Watson and shook his head in disapproval.
“More! More! More!
The youngest Watson spent the next thirty minutes in looking at everything, wondering how could a shirt match with certain suit and so on while trying to ignore his father’s words inside his head that he gave John on their way to the manor many days ago about how he should never become a “filthy posh pig.” John shook his head and asked shyly if he could get a bath; again, he had to ignore a servant’s indignation in his eyes ( what did they want from him? He wasn’t used to get everything done for him; for God’s sake, four days ago he still was looking for ways to survive,) he wanted to look decent for the expected visit and, if he was honest, he didn’t want to embarrass Sherlock in front of the visitors.
Now, Joshua was sitting with his naked back against the headboard and he smiled delighted when Sherlock appear again in front of him, naked just as the day he was born.
“It’s rather stupid to ask you to ignore a marquis when is one who could cause you trouble if you don’t start acting with the social modesty; which I find hypocritic and moronic, by the way; that is required from a man of your status.” Sherlock took a seat again, with John in a seat by his side and his guest sitting in front of them. “Nothing that you say will leave these walls, you can trust John, he would never, even by mistake, tell anyone about anything that you trust him with. Anything.”
Three days had passed without any other relevant misadventure (thank goodness!) and during said period, John kept trying to get used to his new life style; sometimes, it was weird for him not having to wake up before the sun came up to begin a new arduous day or that, after breakfast, his worst worry in the world was not knowing what he could do in company of Sherlock or what could go across his mind… Ah,
"One could say that, Mr. Tisher," agreed the dark haired boy and sighed, talking like John wasn't there, "you'll see, my friend Mr. Watson, is visiting me for a while but unfortunately he didn't buy a proper amount of outfits according to the new trend, so I told him: "
" thought the boy) in a conversation he was pretty sure he was going to win.
For John, the night passed between uneasy dreams, originated by the uncertainty of what to do about what he witnessed hours ago; maybe if he wrote to his mother about the matter, disguising it as a disturbing business that happened to a different family, maybe pretend it was a rumour he heard in the kitchens…
"You may be right about how wrong is to meddle in someone else's business, but trust me, it's even worse to be intimate with someone of the same sex as you are. God will forgive me for my sin if I beg him with a kind heart and good deeds, but your sin? I'm afraid you won't find silk shirts and golden buttons in hell." John rebuked him, which only got Sherlock to roll his eyes with boredom.
Happy new year, btw! ^-^
young man; despite all of these good feelings, she also let you know about the melancholy that invades her everytime she remembers you aren’t home and ends the letter stating her impatience for sunday to arrive and see you once more.” He folded the paper and put it back into the envelope with a sense of disgust at all the sentiment he just read: Why Mrs. Watson couldn’t behave like a normal woman and be like his own mother? Sherlock could easily count all the hours he had spent with his mother in all his life (
so be careful with your words and hold your filthy tongue, Watson." Warned Sherlock dead serious. "We don't need to "work" because that's why all the poor classes were born: To be servants and survive. We, on the other side, study just for the love of knowledge and be pure; ignorance is the mother of all the dirt found in men and obviously, we the rich cannot be dirty but you and your neighbours...well, can't tell the same tale, can you?" And with a cruel smile, Sherlock put a distance between him and the young blond man.
Then, John again had to abandon his train of thoughts when his eyes finally caught sight of a three floor building in the middle of a rather vast green field; he's never been there before but was pretty sure his home fitted from ten to fifteen times inside of his future work place, all of this ignited his curiosity and attention: They wouldn't be working in a middle class house, an office or a banker's house; that house showed from the distance the aristocratic status of its inhabitants. Suddenly, a horse galloping could be heard getting closer and closer in the path; John stepped aside to let it pass trough when he got a glance of the young rider travelling in opposite direction to them, the young rider gave Mr. Watson and son a haughty look and turned his face as he got away on the horse.
"W-Work? Me?" the young man barely asked between laughter, once he recovered, drank some tea and fixed his dark silky tie. "Please, John. My people never had the need to work and we never will."
After Wilde finished his speech, it didn’t take too much time for him to leave the Manor; excusing himself with needing to catch one of the last trains to London. The visit didn’t affect Sherlock at all, but John couldn’t have said the same, who, since the playwright left, stayed silent and thoughtful.
There he saw the bed and, allowing himself a childish moment, jumped into the fluffy mattress and laughed when he landed. "Don't worry, dear mother, soon you'll be as comfortable as I am." Promised again to the empty room and closed his eyes, just for a while.
The servant; a 30 years old man with kind soft eyes that matched his dark hair; looked at his employer without totally believing his words but decided not to interfere. "The room for Mr. Watson is ready for his use, my lord. I can show you the way if you please."
The young man finally stood up and walked enough to close the distance between them and while he was facing the blond man, the latter felt a bit intimidated by the difference in height they both had, but still, didn't show it and just stared at the young lord in silence.
After slamming the door, John walked down the alley of what had been, until no more than a week ago, his old neighborhood; he put on his jacket and coat again with disguised anger and sighed while looking around. Every small and overcrowded house still looked sad to him, just like the day when he first noticed his reality many years ago; then shook his head in a refusal to let sad thoughts conquer his mind and instead, kept walking until he reached the nearest avenue and arrived to what the upper class called “
Sherlock's father sighed heavily at the first call, sipped a little from his tea and forced a little smile. "Speaking of the devil," said to John and Mr. Watson when the dark haired boy finally appeared at the door frame of the room, "Sherlock, first of all and before I have to hear your complaints, I would like to introduce you to Mr. John Watson and his father, Mr. Hamish Watson."
Maybe Sherlock's physical appearance makes him look fragile and feeble, but soon John will learn the contrary.
Meanwhile, John hurried to shake the playwright’s hand (“Goodness! What do the rich take with their tea?” he thought while noticing Sherlock’s friend height) and tried to be as polite as possible. “It is a pleasure, Sir Wilde. Please, I don’t want to sin of ignorance, but…”
"My lord, maybe they weren't staring at your horse, maybe...they were blinded by something, or someone, more...beautiful." Joshua smiled softly.
"And I'm telling you I cannot tell you about it. Go to the Holmes manor for an interview and you'll be fine, honestly," the youngest Watson noticed the boredom on Sherlock's face and the way he kept looking the time on his pocket watch and sighed, "listen Eliah, my good friend, do as I say; go and you'll have a good job, you'll be treated kindly and the most important thing: There won't be another day where you have to look for food on the streets or steal coins from the naïve. Take good care and hope to see you at the manor." Smiled softly and resumed the walk, leaving his friend behind.
"Is that so? Could you please, if you are so kind, to tell me every single part of a silverware set and the use of every part? Or please tell me how many servants do we have? Can't answer? Don't you worry, then please answer me: Who is your predilect composer?" Of course Sherlock didn't get a single answer and used the silence as a discreet victory. "That's what I thought. Don't talk more than two minutes with the tailor." Finished while walking to the entrance, taking every step with an elegance he seemed to have inherited from his father and before getting out, the butler offered him a top hat, which he rejected.
The servant smiled at John's words and couldn't help to feel sympathy for him. Still totally silent, opened the door of the dormitory once they were outside and shook his hand. "Charles Harker, a pleasure. And son, let me give you a piece of advice: Don't let Forner hear you speaking ill of his lordship. I don't want you to have troubles."
And that lesson is the one I intend to practice every single day until my last breath; loving another human being shouldn’t prevent you from loving God, Mr. Watson.”
Sherlock was about to moan about it when the butler interrupted by entering the dining room. “Your ladyship, Mr. Tisher has arrived with Mr. Watson’s purchase.”
Something begins. (Sorry, I suck at summaries)
As soon as John finished, Sherlock burst with laughter. "What? What did I say?" Asked John.
And he had never come between the sins of Sherlock and the stable boy again. He still didn't quite understand Sherlock’s hobby for risking his life for a shag but maybe he would someday.
butter looked so different from the one his mother used to serve him when there was enough money for bread and butter... Good God, he was going to be full until the next month's breakfast.
His valet simply laughed softly while picking up his grooming tools. “Mr. Watson, sometimes, that’s what you have to pay for a friendship.”
***" Can you tell me what did I say?"
"I came in twenty minutes ago; it's been two hours since you had breakfast. I asked Forner to tell you the carriage was ready, you; obviously; didn't answer and went to tell me. That is why I am here." Sherlock answered nonchalant while looking himself in the mirror, fixing his coat just for the sake of vanity. "I asked Harker to drop one of my old clothes into your closet room, it's a bit old I'm afraid: from three years ago, but it will suit you well for the moment." Concluded without taking his eyes from the mirror, being the only time of the day (or even the month) when he loved to look at his own reflection.
While John was defining his future inside the library, the young rider from minutes earlier, arrived at the stables in the Holmes manor and, as soon as the rider step in ground, a young man with green eyes and short brown hair went to help him.
"You can't begin a career if you don't ask prices and start dates." Was the only thing Sherlock said, answering John's silent questions.
“That! That’s what I find insulting: I’m not offended because I’m not the owner of the city, because that is true indeed; what bothers me is the _tone_ you use to explain certain things. What’s the need to be so acid and arrogant all the time? I’ve spent all my life in the slums of the city, Sherlock and still, I can swear in front of God and all the saints that no one is going to hurt you if you’re kind. Trust me.” Concluded the young blond man trying to be soft and patient as if he were explaining how the world works to a four year old.
"Good choice, sir. Believe it or not you have a pretty similar taste to your friend. Every time Lord Holmes pays us a visit along his mother, Lady Holmes, he always chooses the same material for buttons like you did: elegant and discreet. Just like it has to be." The tailor smiled cordially and the rest of the work was done in the most efficient of ways, showing with every move and note the talent that ran trough Mr. Tisher's veins, proving why the Holmes clan didn't argue to pay such prices for clothes. "Your lordship, here's the bill and don't worry, it can be paid when you send someone to pick them up."
John's life is about to change. Maybe for better or worse. Only God knows.
Thank you SO MUCH for every read, kuddos and comment you leave. It truly is an honor <3
Right now, John was seated at Sherlock’s personal library, listening to the latter talk about the latest methods in the chemistry field when Mr. Forner, the family’s butler, interrupted them with his arrival into the room.
Everything starts to change for the better between our boys, at least a little.
"And how do you know I won't do it? I never said I'd keep it secret." Retorted John.
"Yeah, whatever. But what's your job about? Maybe I can ask for a similar position." He insisted, trying John's patience.
“God. God said it and made it very clear.”
"You called Miss Wyndham an idiot and practically forced her to leave our home, completely ashamed!" Exclaimed his lordship, took a few steps further in his son's direction and held him by the arm. "And look at me while I am talking to you! What do you think is this place? What is your opinion about this family? Is it that you think we are nothing but a stack of vulgar drunkens who go yelling around the whole town? William Sherlock Scott Holmes, what are you going to do with your life? You are already eighteen years old and finished college but nothing seems to please you in life: You have no friends and not a single approach for the life that God so kindly gave you. Eating, drinking and fooling around it's pretty nice without worries but I'm not eternal, I won't be able to always go behind you to fix your lousy character."
Well! About the skittles game (not candies lol), it was a popular victorian game (although it has been shown to have its origins as old as Ancient Greece) consisting of nine skittles made of wood or some other material. It was mainly played outdoors and nowadays, since it's not so popular anymore, its played inside in some pubs.
John barely passed by a book shop when he bumped against the back of one unwary man who at the moment was staring at the store showcase, all while standing in the middle of the sidewalk.
"The only deities I recognize are knowledge and scientific advance, Watson. Your god is the one with blood on his hands thanks to all the murders and crimes committed in his name since four hundred years, or even more. Do I need to remind you of the Crusades? The holy inquisition?" whispered Sherlock, all while staring back at John as if he was reading the latter's mind while speaking, "but please don't be worried. I'll make sure to be nicely settled in hell, maybe I'll find a way to have sent some nice shirts." He smiled and walked away enough to remove his housecoat, not caring at all that he was completely naked and that John was there.
He had a better and easier philosophy: There was good and bad people in the poorer class just as there were kind and ill hearted people in the high class but, if a poor person wanted to achieve more, it could happen with hard work and dedication.
"I don't know," John admits sheepishly. He looks shy, suddenly, and takes a moment before daring to look up at Sherlock, now standing beside his own chair. He longs to cross the distance between them, to abandon words and give into the impulse to wrap his arms around London. It breaks his heart to see him in such conflict, in such turmoil and doubt and blatant temptation.
"Pichler thinks some emotional things I had not dealt with before were coming to roost, triggered by your medical emergency."
My jaw falls open.
"Started running… after Marston. Got some… chest pain."
Something about that brings on a silence. John looks as though the words have sobered him up, and he squints towards the edge of the water before speaking again. "The people who come and go in your house, well, they never stay long and don't seem to like company all that much, either."
Instead of trying to placate him, instead of stupid promises he can't even make such as that everything will be alright, John has just gone and said
"I wouldn't have suggested if I wasn't up to it. Up for at least a lazy hand job, I mean. I could tell you're worried, but you don't have to be that now. I'm fine. "
You've only heard such language from him once when he dislocated his elbow falling off a–– never mind. Not relevant right now. "Want to try that pillow again?"
They hadn't spoken much at tea, he and Angus. Sherlock had found himself appreciating the old man's capacity for amicable silence — why is it that most people seem to feel so ill at ease with themselves and others that they must fill conversational voids with mind-numbing nonsensical chatter? Then again, Sherlock rarely takes time to relish it, either, preferring to retreat into the sanctum of his mind for better entertainment than the company of others can offer him.
Greir excuses herself, and John turns to May again. "You said you heard shouting. About what? Could you make out any details?"
But how
"It's not gone! How could it be gone? Maybe you made one… maybe you forgot something, once, but that doesn't erase years and fucking years of practically perfect work. No, ignore that. It's not perfect, because nobody's work is."
"My relationship with my parents regarding my upbringing remains complicated. They did, however, recognise my academic talents, and nurtured them, seeking to provide me with the best education possible even if they were not, for a long time, supportive of my dream to be a physician.
"I need to… That idiot registrar is taking a subdural evacuation under a local into theatre; I promised the team we could start with that as soon as we're done at A&E."
"Earl from down the lane has his birthday today," Violet explains, "your father was wondering how long he'd need to stay to be polite. We were both looking forward to seeing you."
It's such an odd thing to say that Sherlock pushes it away, leaves it undeduced which is very unlike him. Instead, he sips the amber liquid, incendiary and rich on his tongue. It's peaty, likely from the distilleries on Islay.
Sherlock says nothing, just waits. They're facing each other, standing close enough for it to be a challenge but not close enough for it to feel confined or threatening.
"I can't!" he complains, "because I have to listen to that thing ticking away like a IED."
. The deduction thing.
, just in disbelief. Why are they so different from yesterday?"
No answer.
"When we feel like we need to walk on eggshells with a partner, and we fear that they might criticise and belittle us for anything and everything we do, when they make us feel like we are to blame for everything that goes wrong… those are not healthy features in a relationship, Sherlock, and not easy to forget once experienced. They can make it difficult to trust that person with your feelings. There is also the fact that you may have been particularly unequipped to protect yourself from how John reacted and behaved after Afghanistan due to your earlier life experiences. It's a volatile combination. Let me make this clear: your and John's relationship would not tick very many boxes on checklists of abusive relationships. Not right now. But John has acknowledged in his own therapy process, in order to understand why it happened, in order to change and to improve your relationship, that there was a period during which more boxes were clearly ticked. You hold him in very high regard, and those experiences contradict the pedestal you've put him on. When that leads to glossing over behaviours which once hurt you, that hurt is not repaired — it's reinforced."
"There's not a lot," Sherlock admits. "That applies to everything: food, water, firewood."
"Her name was Mary," John says quietly. To Sherlock, he looks as though he's suddenly had the stuffing pulled out.
"Oh, joy."
The anaesthesia nurse pushes a kidney basin into John's hand. "Dr Ito requested fentanyl, propofol, ketamine and rocuronium."
There is a dinner reservation at Claude Bosi — Mycroft must have cashed in a favour to get a table on a Saturday night. Sherlock hardly has an appetite, so he firmly nixes the tasting menus. Neither of them is an oyster fan, so the à la carte list is their best bet. Sherlock selects the Cornish crab and the Scottish langoustine from the starter list and declines the mains.
She notices that he's flicking his right thumbnail along his fingertips nervously and concealing that hand with his other palm — nervous stimming.
"––limiting how much light enters the eye! That would affect his ability to see in low light significantly!" Holmes sounds like a child at Christmas.
"Sherlock, I…"
What Sherlock wants is to forget about yesterday, to start anew, to spend time with John. He would not have picked fishing but knows that he's standing at a precipice. The likeliest consequence of saying no is that John sorts out his wound, and then they never see each other again. He wouldn't come knocking on this man's door to humiliate himself a second time, like some dog crawling back to its unpleasant owner, would he?
"His remains could not be recovered, but we have undisputed evidence of his demise," Mycroft said that day.
"I don't want him to know that things can get… bad."
"Oh." Sherlock looks crestfallen.
He allows himself to be led to the bedroom, and they end up spooning on the bed, his back against John's chest. A kiss is pressed to the crown of his curls, which must look a mess — he'd forgot to pack his hair products for Sussex and will have to do a lot of remedial styling this evening in preparation for work.
. The wife, Margot Landers, is a Ward sister at a children's private psychiatric clinic.
Minutes later, you're sitting on the man's shoulders on the spot where your tackle had made a softish landing on a pile of leaves left behind by Hyde Park gardeners. Lestrade's in the first panda on site and gets to do the honours with the cuffs. You pat your trousers clean of colourful maple leaves and grin like the madman you've left behind to catch his breath.
"Probably his reason is that he still thinks that problems will go away if he ignores them. He's embarrassed by what happened, and he thinks only a surgeon could understand what he's going through, even though you've helped him with loads of other professional stuff that are not a part of your specialty."
His sessions with Ella consist mostly of her monologue, consisting of questions he knows he should answer because this is
"It was two point six yesterday," Sherlock tells her.
"Isn't he disappointed with you?"
Sherlock has been trying and failing to leave the flat for Great Ormond Street Hospital for an hour. When John hears footsteps ascending back up the stairs once again, he wrenches himself off the sofa, grabs the laptop which he's certain is the next item his husband the scatterbrain has forgot. He goes to meet Sherlock in the upstairs landing with it.
"Alcohol," John cuts in. His tone is steely in an attempt to steer the conversation elsewhere. The topic hasn't come up with Mycroft or his in-laws because he doesn't have a habit of bringing it up. "Like I said, they're long gone, now."
When he walks into the sitting room, Sherlock extricates himself and leans back against the backrest of the sofa, looking distant and embarrassed. John leans in and pressed a kiss into the crown of his curls.
"You got that right," Greg admits. "John, you know that they dismiss about half of the complaints they get, even in cases where an allegation is proven, if it's insignificant enough and doesn't signify a pattern."
"You were obligated by law to do that, he isn't. I'm worse than useless to him."
"I once asked my Dad that, and he didn't know. He just said that's how it is. That's what he said about a lot of stuff. I read once, I think, that it has something to do with how their roe does or doesn't float in a certain pressure or salinity."
, Sherlock thinks.
"Immobilisation for four weeks, paracetamol and non-steroidal pain meds plus physical therapy exercises to make sure you don't lose any range of motion and you get your strength back."
______________
"A good conscience that my patient is well-managed. And some fun problem-solving, it seems."
"That must have been when they extubated you at the ITU. You were meant to be awake or very lightly sedated when that happened. It's entirely normal to remember something of it."
"It's alright, Sherlock, I've had surgery before," John tells him. "I just want whatever's in there out so this would stop."
Sherlock makes coffee, pops two pieces of the nice sage and onion loaf John had brought home two days earlier from Waitrose into the toaster. He wonders if he should toast two more but decides against it since John likes his as hot as possible. Sherlock takes out the butter and three jams from the fridge, unsure which one John has been favouring this month. He's not sure honey is the best match for this particular bread, so he opts for just butter. After some pointless occupational health check a few months earlier, John had brought home a tub of one of those cholesterol-lowering vegetable stanol ester spreads, and it had tasted like a melted plastic cup. Sherlock had dramatically dumped it in the bin, and John had also admitted that the taste had not compared to real butter.
"It is customary when discussing difficult topics."
His lips are trembling and suddenly, he starts frantically unbuttoning his pyjama top, trying to get at the wound there, covered by a dressing.
Leah cocks her head towards the hall. "First door on the left."
"I guess not."
"No one," is Sherlock's quiet answer.
"I see. Quid pro quo. But what would you get out of that?"
"John?" Sherlock calls out. He’s too tired, too sore to get up, and his brain must be playing tricks. He closes his eyes briefly just to rest a bit, but a change in the ambient sounds and smells makes him blink them back open.
Sherlock?
"Has John's behaviour after his therapy concluded ever made you uneasy to the point of fearing his reactions if you try to talk to him about how you feel?"
John sits down next to him, tries to tug him closer, but Sherlock has become as stiff as a board, distant and petrified. John closed his eyes, leans his forehead against Sherlock's shoulder. "I know you can't."
For the next hour, Sherlock tries to come up with inconspicuous ways to stim where he's sitting in the day room where patients and family members come and go, borrowing magazines or books, having tea or just stretching their legs. At one point Sherlock had allowed himself to pace, but that seemed to make the others occupying the room uneasy.
"I won't be in the OR," you reply. "I'll follow you anywhere, but not there."
"I promise you that when all this is over, I'm taking you to Xitaka and we'll have so much lobster they'll have to roll us home in wheelbarrows." The waterfront restaurant has been well established as their favourite spot for seafood in Ponta Delgada.
"You expected me to be here, to be supportive. I don't know how. And I'm tired of needing other people to explain these things. I just… I–– I feel so alone," he says, shaking his head and blinking, fighting back tears. He had felt moderately calm this morning, but now…
"Every doctor makes mistakes is a statement often made. How do you feel about it?"
He wants the cocaine. He wants all of it. He wants never to have to go to work again. He wants to do away with the demands of marriage, therapy and other expectations he's been stupid enough to drag into his life.
"How do you
John grabs his mobile and shoves it into the back pocket of his jeans. “Enough. How do we get this plan going, then?” He asks Collings.
I am firmly of the opinion that authors need not apologise for their varying posting schedules, but perhaps some of you are curious as to the reasons of why this chapter took some time to materialise. I had the pleasure of roadtripping in Iceland with Elldotsee for almost two weeks, and at the end of that holiday I developed an eye infection which put me on sick leave. Unsurprisingly, such an issue is not very conducive to staring at a screen so here we are. Rest assured I am fine and headed back to work tomorrow. Lessons learned include that volcanic ash is caustic and can easily cause severe eyelid issues. No regrets though, because Iceland f*cking SLAPS and seeing a volcano erupting is one of those once-in-a-lifetime BBC Earth moments.
"And apparently bury them under the floorboards, with your blessing, so you can spare me the speech."
"I will tell you if I don't like something," Sherlock recites. It's a promise he's made many times.
"What do you mean?"
"I'm an atheist."
"Ever since you got back from… wherever that brother of yours dragged you off to––" Lestrade starts, kneading his neck muscles with his fingers awkwardly.
Just as he'd explained to John, instead of heading for the King's main site's A&E department, Sherlock has set up as the Uber destination The Princess Royal University Hospital. A part of King's College Hospital Trust, it is the site of most of the Trust's ENT services, as well as various other specialty units that couldn't fit into the King's main campus.
"I've had my competence questioned before, John. I fought myself out of all that."
"Might need a bit more pain meds now that the sedation's stopped and you're going to be more active," Emma suggests.
"Hammersmith, East Intensive Care. I'll let you know when they move him to another ward."
Joanna had found out about what happened with Zezelj when he and John had seen her together in London. Sherlock had been reluctant to talk about it, but John's persistence had convinced him that it couldn't make things worse if she knew the details.
"It's obvious you're military from the way you carry yourself."
. I wasn't keen on coming, and I certainly didn't come here for your advice."
The first section of the Berlioz mass is done, and ominous, low cello and double bass tones are opening the
Sherlock's eyes go wide, and he stares at her, fury rising. "What? You
Is this enough? Is this a good enough explanation, a good enough apology? Damn John Watson, damn him to hell, because Sherlock's bones still hum with the desire to touch him back, to trace those worry lines etched on his features, to kiss away that stale devastation that shrouds him. Why should he care now about deadlines and timetables and practicalities and promises, when he had cared about none of that with Victor? Why does he want such a framework, now, for structuring his feelings? Is it because he's afraid they'll run rampant again?
"If Sherlock has made a point to our family regarding all that," Mycroft says thoughtfully, "it must be that it should always be his decision what to disclose and to whom. He needs it to be his decision with what background information his social conduct is judged by others."
Before straightening his back again, Sherlock gives John a chaste kiss on the cheek. Now that Collings has opened the abscess and released all the infectious material from where it had pocketed itself in the soft tissues surrounding the tonsils, John's breath smells even worse than it did before. The dry air used during GA may have also contributed.
John doesn't ask if he could have a word, if they could talk about something. Framing things like that will alarm Sherlock, convince him that this conversation may have relationship repercussions.
She looks up from the computer. "Yes, Doctor Watson?"
"I don't know. Being accused of discrimination based on disability is something the GMC would want to avoid so I think raising the subject would make them tread very carefully around the topic of communication. Bedside manner is at the core of at least one of the two cases, and his ASD would be a big thing in that conversation. Yet… it is something Sherlock has never wanted to advertise. It's sort of obvious from all the instructions that he'll need a statement from Pichler, and I don't think she could write one without mentioning autism," John admits, "but I'm sure Sherlock would want his work to be assessed without the GMC looking at it through the filter of disability."
"I'm not
Sherlock climbs to the left front seat, shoves his laptop to the backseat, says nothing and makes no eye contact.
"He has––
You lean slightly forward, your chest now almost touching Sherlock's arm, which is resting on his hip. It's the only source of warmth in the room. The veins on the backs of his hands are distended and you think:
They do, however, ask about the chain of command at King's.
was used, but I did gather that it was because they suspected a gastric or duodenal ulcer. They explained the findings to me when he was still being monitored after the procedure. A gastric ulcer was, indeed, discovered, which they believed had caused a bleed that had resolved or coagulated by the time the examination was undertaken. A two-month course of proton pump inhibitors was prescribed, and I believe the helicobacterium breath test came back negative."
"Don't worry, I won't be in the picture," John adds, then cocks his head towards the bedroom. "I could have a lie-down, read my book if you don't want me listening in."
, John curses inwardly. "Have we got a blood gas printout?" John asks, raising his voice over the cacophony.
Ten minutes later, he gets an iMessage:
Thom Ojerinde is a recent recruit to King's, a fifty-something Nigerian-borne surgeon who'd done all his schooling in the UK. John hasn't had a chance to work with him yet in theatre, but he must be likeable if even Sherlock has adopted the practice of using the man's nickname.
"So, you just do that, then, disappear into your head?" John asks, a ghost of a smile playing on his lips but not quite breaking through fully.
"I met someone," he finds himself saying. "But it wasn't meant to be."
Once back in his appointment room, John doesn't call his next patient right away but goes to stand by the window, wanting a moment to himself to clear his head. There had been nothing too challenging about the consultation he's just had, no real conflict regarding the treatment plan, but he can't help admitting that Sherlock Holmes has made quite an impression on him — and one that isn't entirely negative. The man had been obstinate, uninterested in his own care, unimpressed by John's expertise, yet curious about John himself.
Sherlock sighs, ruffles his curls a bit to make sure all the flower bits are gone. They can now hear the firsts guests arriving, and John stifles a laugh watching Sherlock adopt the creepiest fake smile in preparation for the assault.
"What?" Sherlock asks, sipping his water.
"Do these look like defensive wounds to you?"
"It was Peter, Walt Gillman's son, manning the clinic; he's graduated now," George explains, putting an arm around his wife's shoulders. "Nothing he could do to help. He says it must have been a big stroke, perhaps from a tumour or just old age––" George turns to Sherlock; "What did Peter call it?"
You check on Sherlock who's typing something on his phone.
The couple's younger son is not participating in the excitement. Instead, Sherlock is lounging in a deck chair under a sprawling lilac bush, transfixed by something he's reading on his tablet. He is sporting a brand-new pair of Balenciaga prescription sunglasses that Edgar has helped him pick out. Though John appreciates good men's wear, he has no desire to trail behind Sherlock for hours while he hunts for wardrobe pieces that would fulfil his strict criteria of acceptability. In contrast, John has rarely seen the PA as excited as he's been when he gets to help Sherlock do such shopping. Through personal interest in fashion and working as a personal assistant to Balenciaga's head designer, Edgar has amassed enough knowledge of such things as fabrics properties and cuts that Sherlock listens to his opinions, and Sherlock never listens to
"He didn't always know who I was. He… the flashbacks were problematic."
He suddenly removes his hand, slumps back onto his back, shoves his own pants off and repositions himself so that his naked form, lying on his side, is coiled around John with a leg flung over knees and an arm across a waist.
The chairman glances at his watch. "We shall reconvene after lunch."
The hearing will consist of a facts stage, the impairment stage, and the sanctions stage. The first of these will introduce Sherlock and establish what has happened to bring forth an investigation. The second part — the likeliest to be undertaken without audience — will establish whether there are things which impair his ability to function safely as a doctor. The final part will be Sherlock's opportunity to argue against any proposed sanctions and the notion that he might be impaired. The GMC will argue the opposite. After that, the Tribunal board will withdraw to deliberate, and the hearing concludes. Later, they will announce their decision. Potential consequences include no consequences, undertakings which mean that the doctor has to do remedial things but their practice is not limited, specified conditions which mean that they continue practicing but in a limited way and that there will be another hearing to monitor progress; suspension may happen for up to a year, or there can be erasure. Vandersteen thinks that the likely consequences are either a ruling of no incompetence or undertakings.
Mycroft's words about seeing beyond Sherlock's behaviour won't leave you. On a surface level, Sherlock is acting quite like himself — tetchy, impatient, headstrong, insists on doing things his own way. Yet, there is a strange hiding-in-plain-sight evasiveness whenever someone tries to discuss the long-term consequences of his valve replacement. He either sulks or insistently gets stuck on arguing some peripheral detail.
Sherlock's expression must betray his confusion.
"You always pay such close attention to him. I thought you might have kept an eye on how things are going."
"And it wouldn't have worked."
to keep thinking about it, but it's all I can manage. They never explained about the recovery. I didn't know what to expect. If I was lucky, I was going to
"The results will only be given to you. Not even Mycroft will be privy to them," you explain to Sherlock, who's plucking his violin where he's perched on the backrest of his chair. You pity the cushions; furniture doesn't last long in mint condition around Sherlock.
"That was it, as far as I know. I inquired what he thought the potential causes were and how urgent the issue was. He hemmed and hawed a bit at that. I asked how he would advise me if I was manifesting the same symptoms, and he said he'd tell me to go to A&E, even though the amount of blood was negligible. Perhaps he was more easily persuaded to get the issue checked out because you were due to arrive soon?" Mycroft suggests, "he was looking forward to spending time with you and the last thing he'd want is to waste any of it in hospital."
He hears John's steps on the path stop and turns to face him.
"Good, yes, that should work. Oh, I forgot to mention — Mister Thibaut might well be in the audience if his Parkinson's isn't acting up too badly. He had his ninetieth birthday last year!"
central line = a cannula inserted into a large vein, the part inside the vein extending all the way to the superior vena cava. The one Sherlock’s got is a large-bore one, and rather stiff; he’d definitely feel it when turning his head. Such a large one is needed to fit in the pulmonary artery catheter (aka Swan-Ganz catheter).
"You make it sound like it's a dare."
He's right, of course. A snap of Holmesian fingers and laws of confidentiality and hospital policy sweeps aside like the Red Sea.
Six months earlier, Sherlock had received an invitation to participate in two surgeries at one of Canada's premier neurosurgical units — The Montreal Neurological Institute & Hospital aka The Neuro, as the local professionals call it. The operations would provide training for local surgeons, and Sherlock would be able to lend his expertise to help two patients whose tumours were in particularly challenging locations within their skull. Neurosurgeons who can handle both their home turf and the sinusoid anatomy which tends to be the realm of ENT surgeons are rare, and John is aware that Sherlock is internationally known to be among the very best. He often gets invited to lecture and to give keynote speeches at conferences. Getting invited to participate in actual patient work is much rarer because it requires the whole process of getting licenced to practice in the receiving country. Thankfully, the mutual recognition of credentials process was somehow expedited, and Canada is a part of the commonwealth, which made some of the bureaucracy less incompatible than average between two countries.
Once wheeled back into the HDU section of the Cardiac Care Unit, Sherlock is quiet. He seems to be just gritting his teeth to get through this and back on the track he thought he was on with his recovery. He seems suspicious and cagey about everything that's being done — monitoring re-established, infusions being prepared — as if he hadn't very recently been subjected to much more invasive and intense care at the ITU. He's not allowed food or drink for the time being, just as a precaution, and when informed of this, he makes it clear the rule is ridiculous since he won't be consenting to any sort of anaesthesia, anyway, even if the Brinavess doesn't work.
"I blamed myself for what happened to the patient — for the outcome of their surgery — since it was my responsibility. While discussions with colleagues and the perspective of time may have shown me that the matter was not as black and white as I thought initially, I still think that my failure to retain knowledge of the anatomy of the patient's aneurysms led to a worse outcome."
"Shut up," Sherlock mutters through clenched teeth.
After Sherlock has taken off his coat and felt oddly exposed while slipping on the T-shirt under John's watchful gaze, John grabs an orange-and-blue tartan throw from a worn sofa in the sitting room and tosses it at Sherlock. "Have a kip. I still need to gut the fish."
observed you for years and there's no doctor at King's who wouldn't choose you as their neurosurgeon because they see the big picture. They know that even if you might sometimes say odd or insulting stuff, you're the best in the OR. I won't accept the premise, will never believe that you're some sort of fraud, because I know you and I've worked with you for years. And what you did yesterday should tell anyone who's reading those rubbish tabloids that you went above and beyond to help a patient even when your life was threatened."
He steps out onto the stage, makes his way to the podium while the clapping dies down and a deafening, expectant silence takes over Cambridge School of Medicine's Clinical School Lecture Theatre Number Two.
"It's a computer, not a bag of cocaine. Leave it. I promise to leave the tabloids well enough alone."
"I can't shake it," he curses from between clenched teeth, "can't shake the feeling that something's about to happen."
"Natch wasn't alone."
"I'm taking the meds. Not much more I can do, so you can stop memorising package inserts."
The difficulties Sherlock experienced in medical school are detailed in a prior part of this fic series called
Sherlock ignores him and marches out; John assumes he's heading for the radiology suite.
That night, he dreams of Victor Trevor. His mind travels down several paths, tries out several versions of how their first meeting could have gone, but still ends up with a replay of their real first meeting.
Though the hospital is part of the same NHS Trust that employs him and John, Sherlock’s key card opens no doors at the Princess Royal. He couldn't feel more like just a family member as he presses the doorbell to be let into the ENT ward. John hasn’t been assigned a room yet since the Ward Sister is waiting for confirmation that he won’t be needing a spot at the ITU instead, so one of the nursing assistants directs Sherlock to a small day room to wait. She offers him tea, and some HobNobs which he accepts, but the brew turns out to be Tetley, which he is not fond of. Then again, beggars can’t be choosers, and he doesn't want to leave the building to acquire something better because what if John's surgery concludes while he's away and Collings can't find him? There's also the fact that he'd need to be buzzed back into the ward, and the idea feels more demeaning than he’s willing to put up with. Never had he realised how his confidence might depend on having free access to all hospital areas.
"Most of the day, actually."
"What am I to do at the hotel, then, while you traipse around in your parade blues?"
? It's because they look at these demands of superhuman resilience and endless empathy nobody teaches us in medical college, they look at the demands to forget their own health and sanity and give their all to the system even when they don't have anything to give, and they ask themselves what's wrong with them that they can't do it?"
"I did
The judge clears his throat.
"Hm?" John asks, following him up the stairs.
Perhaps witnessing Sherlock in the OR today — behaving as disagreeably as he had when they'd first met — had affected John more than he had wanted to admit. They've come so far since those early days: Sherlock has emerged from the shadow of the insecurities which used to make him so defensively prickly.
Something in him won't accept that statement as reality, even if he trusts her to deliver the truth. He feels as though he's been holding his breath — holding
"Why? You think I need a shrink, that there's something wrong with me just because I don't want to participate in your precious corporate cover-up?"
John wonders if Sherlock perhaps regrets giving in to the impulse to flaunt his cleverness and to take down the barrister who'd tried to defame him.
"What? Why? Who? Mycroft promised to keep my parents away."
"It's not quite that simple but yeah, I've talked to US colleagues and they often have to over-treat people even when it's unethical, just to avoid litigation."
"And you used what to scratch said itch?"
You're doubtful he could, since the oxy doses were just raised when the nerve block wore off. Sternal incision gives him trouble, even when just breathing deeply or turning in bed.
"Surgr––" he tries, then coughs and the exertion makes him close his eyes again, followed by an obvious exacerbation of pain. "Hurts," he complains, breathing in small, uneconomic pants now.
The evidence gathered by Vandersteen as per the MPTS instructions and with help from Sherlock, John and Lestrade span no less than four heavy folders. It had been the solicitor's idea that Sherlock should seek the opinions of an independent neurosurgical expert on his notes on the cases being discussed. Lestrade had been dismissed as a potential candidate since he could be seen by the MPTS as having a vested interested to make a surgeon he supervises — and the Trust — look good. He had offered, of course, and seemed a bit insulted when Vandersteen had explained his reasoning. But, even Greg had to agree that no chance should be taken in such important expert testimony being torn to pieces by the GMC representative. The parts that had most irked Sherlock were the formal professional assessments conducted by a team of physicians, and the medical assessment conducted by a physician at the King's Occupational Health Unit. After several dodgy experiences of their services, he had obtained another statement from both Pichler and a specialist in Occupational Health at London Bridge Hospital.
"It was the only time my sister ever agreed to mind him for any period; he was a menace to her."
Still,
. At this point, Sherlock has no idea where this conversation is going, and very likely dreads that he'll be pushed to put words to things he finds inordinately difficult to voice.
John's lips part a bit — it's as if he's even trying to breathe as quietly as possible. Perhaps he feels that Sherlock is taking up all the space in this flat right now. Maybe he's been taking up all the space in this relationship, too, without realising.
they explain in the article.
"I can't explain it to the patient; in the state they're in, I doubt they even understand where they are."
"Yes, I remember."
Sherlock silences him with a glare that could petrify forests. "
Sherlock looks taken aback by this. "I listen to you all the time," he says, clearly upset.
Sherlock had completely forgot about the lab work.
, Sherlock tells himself sternly, and knows that he cannot, for the sake of his pride alone, make such a suggestion.
John has met very few people who would actively try to discourage their doctor from expressions of sympathy and caring. Something about this aspect of his new patient's behaviour makes him profoundly sad.
"Hence a surgical setback, the cause of which he doesn't accept as something that could happen to him, is a crushing blow to his confidence, so dependent on his technical prowess?"
The rest of the contents of the picnic basket turn out to be a selection of looseleaf from Whittards, three cup sets of fancy tea china, an electric kettle with no less than nine settings for different teas, a teapot and a matching cosy. There's also shortbread and flapjacks, undoubtedly from some fancy bakery. Both are things Sherlock likes when fresh and well-made. It doesn't change where you are and what's going on, but when has a nice cuppa and good food ever failed to lift everyone's spirits?
All Sherlock needs to do is arouse something else. With a quick glance in Lestrade's general direction, he rises from his seat, shifts closer to the man and leads him into the gents with practiced moves. What happens there is not the main act but merely some spirited kissing with a sampling of the offerings surveyed through clothes. As is customary, they don't bother exchanging names. Having probably sensed Sherlock's disinterest, the man doesn't push for more or suggest a relocation. There's an awkward, expectant moment when Sherlock takes a step back, taking a deep breath. "Not tonight," he says.
"Were you as polite at those times as you are now?"
_____________
"Are you still using?"
'. Sherlock's go-to response is to bring up Mycroft's penchant for German opera and insinuate it's because of his grandiose dictatorial tendencies.
"Just browsing, thanks," Sherlock quips dryly.
alright! After all, he––
"Did you ring Doctor Pichler?" Mycroft asks, sidestepping elegantly John's fledgeling rant.
"She's just trying to help. If you think she's got something all wrong, then––"
It's rare for her to let frustration slip through and settle on her features, but it's evident on her face now. "Sherlock… It's not a failure when you cannot employ skills you were not taught — skills you are only learning the basics of now after recognising that those skills are needed for healthy relationships with others, including a more constructive relationship with your mother. In fact, I suspect John will be very glad and impressed with you if you allow me to do this."
"That is all very relative, John. He is in no danger, remains quite functional but is clearly exhausted, partly by having to dedicate a lot of mental energy to pretend everything is fine."
You hear his breath hitch. He's waiting. You know, somehow, that he won't answer you. Not yet. Perhaps not at all.
"I'm not
John reaches out for his hand and gives it a squeeze. "No. What I remember about that was how you were about everything on that trip. You were as far from your comfort zone as you could be, but you did your best and didn't complain, and I know it must have been really hard."
"Your father showed you this spot with the cod, then?"
"Go on."
The psychiatrist raises an inquisitive brow. "Go on."
"How's he now? You said he's resting?"
. They hadn't discussed what to say if someone asked questions about their relationship. Would Sherlock want to keep it private? It wasn't so very outlandish an idea that John would pop by if he happened to be in the area.
"Huh?"
anything except for everyone to stop fussing."
"That has no effect on the level of agony I'll have to endure listening to all these vapid septuagenarians complain about their bunions, their hips and their cholesterol issues the minute they get a whiff of a medical professional in their midsts. Then comes the whingeing about how difficult it is to get a referral from a GP and how long one must wait for an outpatient clinic appointment. They understand so very little about what it's like from our perspective."
…parentlock:
Denial is still his go-to strategy, and he'd insisted he didn't need physical therapy. After an initial skirmish with the cardiac unit's PT, he seems to have adopted the sessions as a concrete way of proving to everyone how he's going to bounce back from all this any day now. He's had a shouting match on the phone with Lestrade over how long he'd be sidelined from on-location case work; the DI had argued sensibly that what Sherlock does is the equivalent of any high-ranking Met officer, and if Greg wouldn't be signed off to come back to work for months after open heart surgery, then Sherlock shouldn't be, either. Sherlock had tried to convince Mycroft to get an MI6 physician to sign him off sooner, but his brother had sided wisely with the detective inspector. Mycroft, more than anyone, must know what level of self-deception Sherlock is capable of when it comes to ignoring the needs of what he calls dismissively his Transport.
he done with all the free time he's had after arriving? He's indulged in naps nearly every day that he’s been here, a luxury he is always too high strung for in London. He's been sleeping more than he ever remembers doing; perhaps he's paying the price for all those hours of sleep he's missed being on call or stressing over work-related things.
Sherlock has never established what his own type is, he doesn’t think. He has always assumed he'd know it when he saw it, but how could he know what it's supposed to feel like? All he knows is that he's never quite stumbled so quickly and with so little grace into attraction as he recognises he's done with John Watson. Surely that must be just a Westray version of Stockholm syndrome.
_____________
(See the end of the chapter for
, as Mycroft — ever the snob — would say in a most approving tone. Sherlock doesn't know anything about her family except that she is Austrian but a Cambridge graduate. She retains only the slightest Austrian lilt, which means she must've acquired her natural-sounding upper-class accent at an earlier age. Sherlock thinks it likely she has attended private schools in England.
Chapter 2/2 will appear sometime next week. Don't forget that tomorrow, on Monday the 17th February, the podfic by Podfixx for
_______________
"John has booked a nice hotel and planned a program that should be nice for the both of you. He's taking you into account in planning the reunion trip, and the way you described him commenting on your and his uniform might point to him wanting to encourage you to enjoy all aspects of that weekend. He might even think he's making amends for the way you felt his anger alienated the two of you in Bastion. I might be reading too much into this by saying so, but I would consider it a possibility."
"No, I'm coming in."
CCU = cardiac care/coronary care/critical care unit, depending on the hospital. Mostly it means a heart problem -focused high-dependency unit, which means a step down from intensive care.
"No, but I know what outcomes should be very, very unlikely in your case."
"Have patients or their family members ever filed complaints with the King's College Hospital Trust regarding your bedside manner?"
Sherlock gently raises Natch's snout up, peers into his eyes, then plants his palm on the grass so he can crouch down to listen to the dog's chest. "Get me a blanket!" he commands Violet. "Dad, get the car!"
," Sherlock corrects. "That's how therapy works. You have personal experience of it," he reminds his spouse. "As for why you want to shove me into the arms of a therapist whenever my moods don't fulfil your expectations, I have no idea."
[alternate first meeting, airports]
worst. I had to be thorough. John had to believe me. But I never shared needles. Not that I remember.
The things she has told him today don't feel like a revelation, but they are
______________
"What just happened?" John asks. He's not angry over having to take over a decision which belonged to the senior surgeon present, just confused. "She was a goner. I know it was a hell of a horror show, but––"
Sherlock can't muster any excitement for rummaging through islander hand-me-downs. "Doesn't anyone sell new clothes?"
"Hmm?" Sherlock doesn't take his eyes off the screen.
"I will at least be present in theatre," Sherlock insists, crossing his arms.
"I think he'll walk if we try to push GA on him again. I have no idea what his deal with that is right now, but I think he's just… overwhelmed. And disappointed," you explain.
"So much of your life has been affected by the negative things others assume they can see when they look at you. Is it any wonder that seeing the positive others see when they look at you is a skill that has to be learned first before it can be deployed?" Joanna Pichler asks after Sherlock recounts the events of the weekend.
"Because a physical infirmity is a legitimate reason to need help and support, and a psychological one is not? Was your cervical fracture not deserving of the help you needed to recover from it?"
Such politeness is unusual, and indicative of distress in such a reserved, stern man.
Sherlock pulls John closer with the arm he has draped around the man's waist from behind, buries his nose in John's neck hair. It's a very particular, heady scent which fills his awareness: the sea, a mixture of sweat and masculinity, but also something unnamed he might call the essence of John. The beard burns on Sherlock's lips and chin itch, but he doesn't want to extricate his hands. The other one is underneath John's neck and the pillow, starting to develop pins and needles. His cock has gone soft: it is spent and sensitive, still, from the hands, lips and tongue it has endured gladly tonight. The feeling of it resting against John's bare bottom is exquisite; all Sherlock would need to do to reawaken fully his still simmering arousal is to shift a bit, seek that friction that had culminated not an hour ago in an orgasm that had swept through his consciousness like a whiteout in a blizzard.
', and I'll know that I need to get over myself so I can remind you that I care about you more than anything. It'll be our Vatican cameos, hm?"
"You can't take every hopeless case into theatre just to avoid having those conversations," John says quietly. He's seen it happen: surgeons and anaesthetists and cardiologists doing procedures with no chance of success just to avoid making a decision.
Sherlock suddenly finds himself quite tongue-tied. John is looking at him expectantly, thumb sweeping firmly on the skin covering his flexor carpi radialis muscle. John knows not to touch him too gently.
"There's another surgery on in the afternoon," Sherlock reminds him, swiping at his eyes as he extricates himself from John's arms.
"That makes two of us. I wasn't keen on the news, but at least it all happened quickly, and I didn't have time to stress about it."
. "William Vernet." His mother's maiden name will have to do.
Sherlock knows he is supposed to be patient and supportive. That's the theory that everyone has always told him is at the heart of a good relationship. When John is not ill, it works. Sherlock is patient — well, as patient as he is capable of being — and he always tries his best to be supportive; John reciprocates by responding and appreciating that fact.
"I shall be the very
"Andrew informed me that you wished to be present when he began showing signs of taking over breathing on his own. He's now done that — and more — within the last ten minutes."
He leans towards the computer and presses a few keys, scrolls down something. "We always do a verification run if an HIV discovery is made. I'm afraid the results are confirmed."
The psychiatrist gladly agrees to book them a slot of Sunday. The start of the session is quiet and expectant. John has many ideas on how he could initiate a conversation, but he forces himself to remain silent.
"Not as far as I know." Atrial fibrillation is a rhythm with which plenty of people live for decades. It's not life-threatening unless too fast or too slow, but even with an optimal ventricular response rate, it cuts off a few dozen percent of a heart's pumping ability. It would be too much of a drop for Sherlock's standards, and he would have noticed such a thing. Probably. Unless he chose to ignore it like he always ignores everything else that he thinks is just his Transport making a racket for nothing.
"Yeah; she's available to Skype with him on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at six in the evening."
You cannot go in there." The clerk doesn't rise from his desk because there's an electric lock on the door requiring a key card to enter.
had opened an important conversation and brought autism into the awareness of many who'd never heard of it, but he'd forced himself to watch it, concluding that Hollywood hadn't considered it necessary to take that conversation much further than extreme stereotypes. Later depictions were mostly crime dramas which sought to mystify the whole thing and make it sound like some enviable superpower.
"Doesn't get more local than that," John confirms, "third wild salmon I've caught this month, which is unusual. More often you get those farmed ones that have escaped their pens."
Sherlock's expression must betray his suspicion for the seaworthiness of this vessel, but that just seems to amuse John.
"Perhaps I forgot. About the appointment. I was working yesterday," Holmes admits.
— towards him.
"I haven't used that word. And he doesn't know about…" Sherlock shifts in his seat nervously. "When I was in medical school, things… progressed. John
He's been neglecting his violin for years. He's been too busy, and the week he'd been forced to stay home had not repaired the damage of such a long period of lacklustre practice. There's not just the shakiness, but a lack of…
"I get it: you don't want to need that. You don't want to need help. You've achieved so much, but there are things which you can't change? And that gets to you sometimes? Am I getting warmer?"
A week passes, and he doesn't start sleeping at night. You tell yourself it's because intensive care messes up a person's sleep cycles, and that being confined mostly to bed at home will make it worse. Especially for someone like him who's never stuck to any sort of regularity with their rest. You tell him that over a breakfast he barely touches.
"And you can't share?"
Sherlock must've been right there, right next to him when she was––
"We didn't need to be
"Sherlock," he says. It's a word clenched through teeth — an insistent command, not an apologetic excuse.
"John," Greg pleads, "have I not had his back before? Have I not been there for the two of you? I've tried talking to him––"
, but I need you to listen," Sherlock pleads. His shoulders slump. The fight is draining out of him. "I just need you to
He had been torn about whether he should invite his parents to this speaking engagement. He had asked John if he should, since he was aware he might say negative things about them. John had agreed that it would stress him if they were present and thankfully, the problem had solved itself because George and Violet are in the States: she has her own speaking engagement at Harvard Business School tomorrow. George had been keen to join her for the trip; he has been finally declared in complete remission of his prostate cancer after a follow-up of several years. He'll be taking hormonal medication for the rest of his life, but it should keep a relapse at bay.
Maybe Sherlock would have even had the courage to say sorry. '
"When you left our last appointment, I didn't have the impression that you were dissatisfied with what we'd talked about or angry."
"What do you for fun, then? In London?" John asks.
"I don't want him to force himself to tolerate my social floundering out of some misguided sense of obligation."
him. John had called his name; he hadn't been aware who, exactly, that name had belonged to, but he'd spoken with such reverence all the same. Spoken as if Sherlock was what he wanted, not a stand-in with a beating heart for a masturbation session.
Sherlock cannot fathom why he wants to do exactly what he's told by this man.
, Sherlock thinks as he slips his scarf around his neck and tucks the ends through the loop. Buttoning his coat as he jogs up the stairs to the entrance floor from the lockers in the basement, his phone vibrates with a message.
"I didn’t bother this time; he never answers."
, Sherlock tries to tell himself.
sometimes put
Sherlock pouts and slips another grape into his mouth.
"No," Sherlock confirms mockingly, venomously. "No, of course you can't build a life with another man, because you couldn't go flaunt that at some
"Mum,
' — until now. He called all of his other sycophants by just their surnames.
With a smile he's aware must be a bit pinched, John turns back to face her. "Sherlock seems to like him. That's rare."
He’s spent many nights alone in their home, of course. They are both on call frequently, John goes to conferences or to see Harry, spends the occasional late evening out with friends, and he went to Afghanistan. Sherlock knows John is as fine as he could be under the circumstances and that he should be home very soon, but tonight feels more like the nights in Malosa when John had Dengue than they do when he's just gone to Warsaw or Edinburgh for the weekend.
She doesn't sleep either.
"I'll not move my hands, John."
She presses the heel of her hand on the biggest mark on her neck and let's out a happy sigh.
Just a letter John wrote to Sherlock when she was starting to realize she was falling hard.
"Yes. Must've been. Right through that window."
Waking up was hell. Waking up knowing that John was going to have to leave just as soon as they graduated high school was a terrible and frightening realization. she didn't want John to leave her. They had been inseparable for four years, for god's sake. Now, she had to come to terms with the fact she'll have to become less dependent on her best friend, her girlfriend. She felt sick to her stomach just thinking about it. Pushing her covers aside, she stands on wobbly legs. If she only has a few more months with her John, she's going to make it the best months of their lives.
"Yes, John. I'll be fine. Honestly, you're such a mother hen!"
don't like Sherlock!" John had yelled as she made her way out of Sherlock's room. Her bare feet slamming loudly against the carpeted stairs.
She blushes at John's praise. A warm ache settles in her chest as she gazes shyly at her best friend.
Sherlock wakes up to the lazy morning sunlight slipping through her drawn curtains. She stretches, sighing as three satisfying pops ring out in the quietness of her room. Still sleep weary and satisfied, she reaches out a pale arm and frowns when she's met with cold sheets and not the warm body of her John.
Turning over, she puts on a mock pout and stares into her girlfriend's midnight blue eyes that are still some what glazed with sleep. It makes her John look adorably ruffled.
It's not a secret that John has trouble sleeping at night. It isn't that he doesn't want sleep because who doesn't? It's just that the nightmares kick in and that ruins the good night sleep he would've had. The sounds of gun fire and your brothers and sisters in arms screaming would keep even the most battle hardened soldier afraid to close their eyes.
"But it scares me so," Sherlock whispers, closing her eyes tightly. "So many bad things could happen to her, brother."
"But, I'm not gonna do that," John whispers, voice threateningly low. She bends down to stare into Sally's terrified brown eyes. Sally trembles and tries to push herself away from John. But, she quickly advances on her.
Her mum chuckles, eyes crinkling at the edges. "Then call me John."
I pulled you closer to my chest
A soft giggle caught her attention. She quickly snapped her head around to stare incredulously at the shorter girl who had a hand to her mouth. Trying and failing to hold back her laughter that had caused Sherlock's stomach to come alive with butterflies.
That tongue is back on her nipple and one hand travels slowly down her body. It's stops to rub lovingly at the deep grove on her hip. She cries out as a finger strokes up and down her very ready opening. Only petting, never entering because they're both not ready for that. She yells as the finger moves to rub slowly at her clit and then teeth bite gently into her nipple. The rubbing becomes faster and the some what harsh pace has Sherlock moaning and pushing against John's hand between her legs.
Sherlock and her stare at each other until Sherlock walkes inside and grins. "Ever try honey cakes?" She asks, pretty eyes twinkling. Maddie shakes her head.
"Can I try something? Please?" Sherlock whispers, her burning gaze flicking down to John's lips.
You made me feel as though I was enough."
Sally looks like she's about to cry.
She moans when Sherlock begins nipping and licking at the skin of her throat. She's becoming extremely aroused,she can feel her boy briefs becoming damp. She stops thinking when a warm tongue laves at her pert nipple. Without thinking she pushes a hand roughly into her girlfriend's jet black hair and tugs. She's startled by the muffled moan that erupts from Sherlock's throat. Pulling back a bit, she breathes, "do that again." John hesitantly replays the action and tugs again. She revels in the vibrations that come from her mouth. The warmth wetness travels down her sternum. She laughs as Sherlock nuzzles around her belly button. However all breath leaves her lungs when Sherlock's wicked mouth stops just above the elastic band of her briefs. Sherlock looks up, gaging her reaction. John smiles gently and runs her fingers through frizzled black hair.
What has she done?
"You know," she drawls, "for someone who's best friends with a genius, you still ask some very idiotic questions." She leans in and places a reassuring kiss on John's lips. She smiles when John instantly relaxes and leans into it.
"You're nothing but a no good freak! No one likes you. Why don't you just do everyone a favor and just kill yourself? It's not as if people would actually miss you!"
The back yard was decently sized as well. There was a pool, an old swing set and a huge oak tree. Sherlock had fell from the tree plenty of times, never ceasing to her mummy, daddy and Mycroft a heart attack. The tree was conveniently placed just under her bedroom window. All she had to do was open the window, place one foot out and she'd be on one of the great oak's sturdy branches. John once came through her window when she was having a bad night at home. Sherlock had gasped as she saw the black eye that adorned her beautiful face. She had began to fret until John had just said
Not understanding her John's meaning, her eyebrows scrunch together in confusion. She's even more confused when John reaches her hand out to gently rub inbetween her eyes with her beautiful ink stained fingers.
She'd eat, but she isn't really hungry.
The tremor in his hand has only gotten worse since he's gotten back into good old England and his limp slows him down and he's pretty sure it's slowly driving him mad but what can you do? Besides talk to your therapist who thinks they're helping but after the appointment you still go home and debate about sticking your old and trusted gun into your mouth and pulling the trigger because what else does a washed up and injured army doctor have to live for?
And Sherlock Holmes is bloody gorgeous. All tall, lean muscle with prominent cheekbones, a riot of dark chocolate curls and eyes that hold another fucking universe within the swirling greens, yellows, blues and greys of his irises. John Watson is not gay but god, he would do many, many things to the man sitting across from him.
Sherlock Holmes is her girl friend.
"Hello, Sally," she replies in a bored tone, "see you were busy with Anderson before fifth. I'm curious, does his girlfriend know that you two have been getting on before and dare I say
John took a breath and knocked on the glass twice. She laughed out loud when Sherlock jumped and yelled in surprise. The look of fear promptly vanished when she saw who it was.
"What's wrong, love?" she purrs as she raises herself from the couch, bringing their bodies flush together. Sherlock let's out a gasp at the contact. "Cat got your tongue?"
Sometimes, he wishes he hadn't.
She doesn't want to be without John. But she's knows it's selfish to hold her back from her dream of being a doctor. She has to let John go.
She yanks John's bag from her desk chair and begins digging through it. When her searching fingers touch against cool, flat medal, she takes a shattering breath and pulls the object out.
Her John possibly being injured.
"I swear on mummy's grave that he did!" Her brother says back, wiping a stray tear from his eye. "He stood up in the middle of the restaurant and said it. I swear. All for a measly sixteen pounds." Shaking his head lightly, Mycroft sighs, "it was the most fun I ever had on a date, sister mine."
With a slow calming exhale of breath, she knocks on the door. Pulling Sherlock from her mind palace, back to her.
John Watson isn't gay. He really isn't. It's just that he can appreciate a good looking man or woman without feeling guilty about it. He likes what he likes and that's that, thank you very much.
John sighs through her nose and picks up Sherlock's bag and hands it to her. Their hands touch for a moment, Sherlock gasps as tingles flair under her skin from the slight contact. She removes her hand and quickly clears her throat. Together John and her make their way out of the class and head to the front of the school since they both don't have a sixth period. Their shoulders brush lightly as they walk. Sherlock allows a soft smile to come to her lips.
I wanna stay with you
Walking over to the trunk, she lays down on the grass and sighs. The sky is bright blue today. There aren't any clouds to make shapes out of.
She stares at her best friend trying to gather as much data from her person as she can. John's hair is shoulder length with bangs that hang low on her forehead. She's usually wearing jeans and t-shirts. Her writings always consist of usually two girls falling in love. Her drawings are of both beautiful men and woman. She looks at both in school. She's mostly had relationships with boys but they never last long on the count of John being distant sometimes.
"Exactly what I said, Sherlock."
Sherlock shivers and nods.
"John?" Sherlock asks. "John are you still there?"
Sherlock's eyes widen when John's words sink in. John quirks an eyebrow and smirks up at her. No doubt enjoying her victory of making the great Sherlock Holmes quiet for once.
" while I appreciate the thought," she lowers her voice an octave and admires the goose bumps that rise on John's skin, "I'm not exactly hungry for waffles."
Groaning, she kicks her door closed and begins stripping. She takes off her black jacket, tosses it in the direction of the bed, unbuttons her deep purple silk shirt and lets the material pool into a puddle behind her. She unbutton and unzips her black skinny jeans, kicks out of those and then shuffles to her dresser. She opens the third drawer and pulls out a faded grey tee-shirt and a pair of pajama bottoms that are riddled with skulls. Pulling on her pajamas hastily, she falls back onto her unmade bed face first. Her glasses smoosh against her nose and she hisses in discomfort. Lifting her head, she plucks then off her face and places them gently on the night stand. Rolling over, she lays on her back and looks at the photos of her and John that are arranged in a collage of sorts. In all the photos, they're both making ridiculous faces, except the one that she framed and now sits on her night stand alongside Billy the Skull.
"Good. Now, when did you want to go to the park and should I bring anything for the picnic?"
John smiles quickly. Just a quirk of her lips. "Can't you deduce it?" It's asked with challenge, John's eyes twinkling mischievously.  Sherlock could never say no to a challenge.
She inquires, tilting her head in contemplation.
"Oh, nothing. Just usually when someone offers a hand you take it. Let's try that again, yeah?"
She's outside, far away from her. She's walking blindly through a battle she doesn't know how to fight in. Harsh words won't do a thing. Nor will rough touches. All that she can give her Sherlock is space and her patience. Trust that she will eventually come back from the maze of her mind. John isn't sure how long that'll be but as her gran use to say, "love is patient, my Johanna. You can not rush it." So, she won't rush Sherlock. Love is patient and she's loved her much too long for her to push her.
"When you played the violin for me," John gasps when she finally releases her mouth, "that's when I realized I was in love with you."
it is.
Sherlock is insistent. Her tongue reaches every part of John's mouth, as if she wants to catalogue everything she discovers. John whimpers as Sherlock's other hand moves up to cup her breast. Sherlock's hands are warm, the firmness of them on her breasts is oddly comforting. Shyly, Sherlock begins to squeeze and John let's out a breathy moan at the feeling. Sherlock's fingers slowly glide around her nipples, causing them to grow stiff and hard from the attention. Sherlock's lovely hands disappear and John let's out a needy whine. When she looks down, she has to swallow because the heat in her girlfriend's eyes is breathtaking.
In truth, it's a bit hard to focus. Sherlock's thighs are a comforting weight against her hips and she rather likes the feeling of being pinned down by her usually passive best friend.
John is making waffles. Her hair is sleep mused and tangled from Sherlock slipping her fingers through it as they slept. She's still in her pajamas, her shirt rising up a bit in the back causing a delicious piece of her golden skin to show. Seeing her girlfriends delectable skin makes Sherlock lick her lips and enjoy the view even more. The humming coming from John soon turns into singing and Sherlock is taken aback by how beautiful her voice is. It's soft and a bit sultry and makes goose flesh raise on Sherlock's alabaster skin.
The harsh dinging of the bell pulls Sherlock out of one of her most treasured  memories and back into to the reality she is not at all fond of. Lifting her head up from her desk, she pushes her frizzled black hair behind her ears and pushes her reading glasses more securely onto the bridge of her nose. She's putting her note book and glasses into her shoulder bag as a hand slams onto her desk with a loud
It's a recommendation for two months of sick leave.
Sherlock can't help but wonder if this is what his husband will look like after spending decades married to him.
John sees Violet lean forward a bit as she examines the expression of her youngest. Sherlock is sitting at an angle that mostly faces away from the hall; John can't see his face.
Holmes is studying him, a hint of amusement in his expression. "And this couldn't wait until Monday's office hours? Tell me,
Sherlock's need for proper companionship from John is not being met. It isn't about sex — although sex could certainly help in convincing his brain that nothing is wrong. No, Sherlock is certain that his continuing anxiety must be more a question of John being physically present in the flat but not at all engaged with Sherlock in any meaningful way. Recovery seems to mean being totally inwardly focused this time; when John had come home from Afghanistan, it had been the opposite. He was on Sherlock's case all the time, then, hounding and berating. Their level of interaction now is even odder, and it leaves Sherlock feeling useless and achingly lonely. Why does he keep thinking back to the time when John was recovering from his shoulder wound, how he retreated from intimacy and contact, and how that pushed their relationship onto the rocks? The disaster with the halo put even more strain on their marriage, and those months are not something Sherlock would willingly revisit. That time period seems to have cemented some fears in him that he should never take for granted all the progress they've made in their marriage, because he could always mess things up badly enough to lose John. Still, it was very different to what's going on now, so why would Sherlock's brain bother with all that?
Brows hitch up. You expect him to be, well, horrified at the prospect or at least dismissive, but his expression remains neutral. "Does he remember things?"
John spends four hours pacing the three floors of Blackfriars Crown Court, getting increasingly frustrated because none of the clerks he gets sent to seem to have any answers for him about what is happening with his husband. Meanwhile, Sherlock spends four nerve-racking hours in one of the holding cells in the same building before being informed that the judge is going to let him off with a warning and a small fine. He is also barred from attending any of the remaining sessions of the trial as a member of the audience.
This is an unmarked vehicle driven by Donovan, and you're surprised to see Sherlock clambering out from the backseat. Donovan turns off the engine and climbs out herself, looking as put off as she always is when having to deal with Sherlock. You watch, that odd sense of concern you'd felt earlier upon seeing him returning full force as Sherlock is forced to lean his palms on his knees by the car, breathing hard still. There's a slight wobble when he tries to straighten his form and starts striding towards you, and it's Donovan of all people who has to grab hold of his arm, directing an angry glance at you as though you were neglecting your duties.
John gives him a smile and nudges his foot under the table.
doesn’t quite feel like he can currently quite cope with John in a hospital ward. They were supposed to be at Sandhurst by now, attending the parade and the late lunch.
"You should have it on record that I did. All requisite paperwork was submitted within the timeline set by the GMC. I want to stress that I was not issued a warning, and that the case never advanced into a Tribunal; it was effectively dismissed by the GMC before that stage as a minor issue. I received a notification that I had fulfilled the requirements set by the Investigative Committee, and the matter was closed."
Familiar steps — though more hesitant that usual — ascend the stairs, then pause by the door which Sherlock has left ajar. He knew she'd come and try to talk to him.
Sherlock squares his shoulders. "Laypeople, for lack of medical expertise, cannot evaluate a doctor's professional competency, so they focus on bedside manner in their opinions."
What John is trying to do here is to simply ensure that his husband is not rushing in to do a challenging case when he's still regaining his surgical momentum after a knock back.
"Sherlock?"
, which means that other physicians
"I don't need a night off, I need… to stop feeling like I don't want to go to work."
Though the conflict with his mother had been a long time coming, being threatened and having his belongings stolen just before they headed to Sussex for Christmas had put Sherlock in a tailspin — one John hadn't recognised all that well. Having known Sherlock all his life, Mycroft must have realised instantaneously the gravity of the situation.
"You have described his general mindset and his feelings and behaviours towards his medical career, but what about you, Sherlock?"
He takes a three-hour nap, which allows you and Mycroft to regroup and refresh yourself. He goes home, promising to return for a lunchtime visit. Late at night, one of his minions shows up with a delivery from Mrs Hudson: several small containers of treats and snacks chosen with the skill of someone who has catered to the fickle tastes of Sherlock Holmes for years.
"Lunch, John?" Sherlock then asks.
It's Hammersmith Hospital this time, a rarity in that you haven't been there before. Thanks to the risks of the Work, you are better acquainted with the various A&E departments of London's major hospitals than you ever were as a surgical trainee before joining the RAMC. Sherlock is taken to this unit of the Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust because it is one of London's seven designated Heart Attack Centres, and the closest to Baker Street. You can't know that a coronary incident is what Sherlock is experiencing, but the chest pain, the dyspnoea and the swollen ankles and the tachycardia could well point to that, as well as the signs of left-side strain on the ECG the EMTs had done and sent ahead to the hospital. There's  also the murmur which widens the range of potential diagnoses.
There are few words exchanged between you and Sherlock. You talk in glances, touches, presence. His is that of a restless wight hoping to escape out the window like a bird frightened to flight. Yours, you hope, is steady; a rock to lean on. You don't feel such an equilibrium but summon whatever skills you hope you've amassed in your years as a doctor to project it. A false calm, a cheap balm, the effects of which are little more than placebo, but it's something. You hold his hand, and it astonishes you how natural it feels. It also makes you feel guilty, because you wish you could do it outside of these circumstances. Such a quaint, chaste gesture — you never long for such things with women. With them, you like to sidestep such things as kissing as much as you can, because they feel like those gestures belong to someone else. Why does it feel that way? Why can you fuck them, but fear anything that might spark an emotional connection?
"Is it enough?" you ask.
"And what way is that? You, with a repaired valve, feeling much better?"
Holmes looks sceptical. "I can text you."
At first, John continues his examination, but then stops, blinking, when nothing in Sherlock's expression shifts to signal he is attempting humour. "You're joking."
John's shouting has attracted his in-laws as well: George and Violet soon appear.
"Not very flattering, is that?"
takes up too much of
"The records show no malfunctions of dosing equipment, nothing out of the ordinary in how the operation itself went. As I told John, emergency cardiac surgery out of office hours on an unstable patient does carry a risk of accidental awareness higher than in most other operations, but I haven't heard anything that would warrant a significant suspicion that it happened, and many things in the anaesthesia records speak against the possibility."
"You assume those two events are connected, and you're unsurprised at my visit because of that false deduction."
John, having climbed to his feet, watches as Sherlock gently wraps the shaking, lethargic dog in the blanket. He feels rather useless; two human doctors are present, but they don't know much about the medical problems of dogs, nor can they do much about them.
"I don't want the case, John," Sherlock mutters into John's jumper when he gets his voice back.
catches his attention on one of them.
"Yet Mrs Fairholme passed away at the Emergency department before Mr Fairholme arrived. There was no palliative care, was there?"
"I should contact our BMA rep. I'm sure he'd have something to say about surgeons being tortured with VR headsets."
Why is he so paralysed then, so brittle and mute when he goes home to John? He hasn't wanted to admit it, but some of his anxiety he can no longer distinguish from fear. And he has no reason to fear anything in his own home, not even when he argues with John. Why has he begun to feel like he's on high alert, ready to react to John's every word and gesture?
"Any reason why it's not?"
If ever the universe allowed for John Watson to be together with a man, it wouldn't be with an HIV-positive ex-junkie. It wouldn't be.
"I don't want help."
In twenty years, John will blame all of the signs of age and worry on his features on Sherlock.
______________
"So, you do think you should be talking to her about this?" Sherlock doesn't reply, so John continues: "I didn't pick up on it the last time things with you started to get... a bit like this. I promised myself that the next time, I wouldn't just watch and say a word and hope it would pass on its own."
me about it, once. We were discussing his medical school years, and he asked what it had been like for you. He did it first in a very roundabout way, but eventually, he asked me what happened during your time at Cambridge. He'd heard bits from you, vague allusions to something having gone wrong, and then he met that awful Sebastian Wilkes at the conference and that's what must've made him so curious. I tried to tell him to ask you, but he just said he doubted you'd ever tell him the whole story."
"Right. Because someone needs to keep a level head."
And I'm fine with that. It's all fine. It's been fine ever since that first night at Angelo's when neither of us could ever have imagined where we'd be, now. Years later, after a failed marriage, two lethal gunshot wounds, years of circling and circling and circling.
They don't keep stronger painkillers in the house, and Sherlock now curses that fact. He wouldn't want to rely on just milder stuff if his throat looked like that, nor would he want to swallow a tablet. John's breathing seems to be alright, and although he sounds like he's talking with a hot potato in his mouth —
All peopled out, Sherlock had escaped to the footpaths and winter-dormant gardens of the estate and passed a couple of hours exploring the sprawling grounds. He'd found George in the small shop on the grounds buying a few packets of seeds and other gardening supplies. He wasn't coming home in the car but walking back to the village with some acquaintances; they were headed to a pub. It appears that Sherlock's visit is of much less interest to his father than Violet had made it sound. When he'd underwent cancer treatment, he'd stayed with John and Sherlock in London, and the latter had enjoyed the chance to spend time with his father without Violet's constant presence. Violet had been the one to invite him here this weekend, and it must be entirely normal that George should have his own plans for the weekend. Something about it still bothers Sherlock. He doesn't know what he'd expected of his Dad, if anything.
or whatever the hell you like, I don't give a damn about how much money you have nor if you know what it feels to sleep in the streets because your father ran out of shillings and didn't pay the rent or if you have any idea of what it is to go looking into little alleys for a job or a way to earn money so that night you and your mother can get some old bread for dinner and I'm not remotely interested in discovering if you have experienced walking during the cold winter nights without knowing if it would be better or worse to walk barefoot because the snow seems to bite your boots with every step you take. Yes, your father has money to waste away without bating an eye but that does NOT give you the right to threat the rest of us like dung, have you ever stop to think that, if it wasn't for your family's money, you'd be in my position trying to endure another bratty little shit's tantrums? Or even worse: Can you picture yourself as a five year old running trough the streets and searching in dumpsters for some food, not minding if its rotten? I don't have to picture it: I lived it. You wouldn't have survived, not even a month; yeah, maybe I don't know how to use some cutlery nor I have a single cent to waste in this life but I least I know how to survive; you're totally useless, your mouth is only good to spit venom and contempt...and I pity your worthless life."  As soon as he finished speaking, John knew it was too late to take everything back and apologize (even if he didn't feel like doing so), he was about to get in trouble but now that he thought about it: It didn't matter. It has been only two hours since he met Sherlock and he was already fed up with his attitude.
"So elevated ICP has been ruled out, and the platelet level's normal?"
with you." He turns his head to address Noreen Ansell. "Trust him to toe the line and let him handle it. The family's met him once, they know he's the head of the department. His appearance won't raise any brows but your will."
He can't decide, and that's not a feeling he's used to in theatre. But he can't just stand here, holding instruments.
"He cannot deny his own error. You won't have to worry about him," the legal counsel says. "It'll be a good reminder to everyone what the consequences of diagnostic errors can be."
"No," Sherlock interjects and lets the crumbling ball of tissue roll off his knee and disappear somewhere under the desk. "I haven't thought about things like that." The future is a complete blank for him, too much and too complicated to consider. Thinking about self-harm would require a level of decisiveness he currently lacks.
The violin taught Sherlock to find joy in his own achievements instead of expecting it from other people — save for Mr Thibaut, whose smiles and nods when his young student mastered news technique felt like a soothing balm and helped Sherlock endure home life.
"Considering how much of a fuss she makes for when John and I come to visit, she could reconsider the amounts of things she cooks so that she wouldn't then have to invite more people over. Usually, the pickings are insufferable."
. But I got so angry at you for suspecting I did because I felt guilty."
Sherlock nods emphatically. He thinks he's picked up the word 'skirt', and assumes Angus is referring to the ram's penchant for the females of his species. "He was eating up my back garden. No romance on offer there."
"Right, yes," Sherlock confirms distractedly. Suddenly, he yawns. "I shouldn't be tired. It's late morning in London."
“Thanks, I guess.” The bedding shifts as John sits up to receive the laptop, after which he rubs his forehead. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to get cranky; it’s just that I haven’t been able to sleep much. Lie down with my eyes closed, yes, but not really fall asleep. It feels like there’s something at the back of my throat all the time with my uvula so damned swollen.”
, Edgar's next message reads.
John doesn't get such a relaxed start to his day since he'll be needed in theatre long before the surgeon's part starts, and that's why his destination should now be the OR unit break room, where he'll have a moment to catch up with colleagues over tea while waiting to be called in. But instead, he finds himself in the neighbouring wing, vacillating outside Lestrade's frosted-glass office door. He can see the man's outline inside, hunched over on his desk typing into his computer. He can't have noticed John yet.
John pressed the handle and found it unlocked. The bath had been run but Sherlock was sitting on the floor, back against the tub, a rolled-up towel next to him on the floor. Tears were streaming down his face.
…a Christmas story:
"When were you last tested for Strep A? Even in carriers thought to be asymptomatic, the infection seems to be able to cause low-grade chronic inflammation." Sherlock had done some PubMed-browsing during the car ride.
“You should still have an IV inserted. A deep tissue infection in the airways warrants––“
"Don't be rude," John rasps. "Hell, it hurts."
"It won't be there," Sherlock says.
The nurse shot at the ward is in critical condition. John learns this from the BBC news website he's been updating in the vain hope that it might somehow tell him when he can see his husband. It won't. At least there was a short video clip of the hostages being brought out of the back entrance, and John caught a glimpse of Sherlock in it, a ridiculous orange shock blanket on his shoulders. His expression was hidden, but he did see the most important thing: that he was alive, that he still existed, that he appeared unharmed.
"And this coming from someone whose entire career is based on the interpretation of
He's here because Mycroft wants to teach him a lesson and keep him safe in that priority order. Possibly he's also worried Sherlock might use if he gets bored, and what else is there to do in an MI6 safe house on some remote island infested likely mostly by puffins than to expire from tedium?
, but not when it comes to looking after yourself."
. A question he is able to keep at bay during the daylight now comes back in the long quiet of the night:
"I know you want it, but we're not in a hurry," he whispers and presses a kiss into Sherlock's curls, slightly stiff from all the products administered earlier with the concentration of a scientist. While John is privy to many of the secrets of their maintenance, when there is a party to attend he is banished to the side lines while the master sorts out of kinks.
"I can assure you that Sherlock is impressed with your willingness to join him for these sessions. And I wouldn't use such words lightly."
At the edge of his visual field, Sherlock sees her turn to the anaesthesia nurse. "Arterial bleed. Start the MTP."
It sounds so ridiculous when put like that — Sherlock's fear that John will one day come to his senses and find someone who'd be a better partner. It's hard to get past that and trust that it's his John wants, not just anyone who ticks more imaginary boxes than he does.
It had been Joanna's idea. Well, not Zurich per se, but that Sherlock might benefit from leaving home temporarily. She and John had agreed that Sussex might be an option, but a risky one; things with Violet are still precarious. John has to work, and he can't just put Sherlock on a train on his own to recuperate in the Lake District — in his current state, Sherlock needs to be with someone safe, someone who knows how to look after him. John knows that Mycroft wouldn't be Sherlock's first voluntary choice, but the older Holmes brother is still an obvious pick, considering that he's been there for Sherlock at some of his worst periods in the past. At least Sherlock is not using this time.
he's doing. When he adds the tip of his thumb into the proceedings, pushing it right in that spot in the perineum where it teases the prostate from the outside, Sherlock almost scrambles up and away. It's John's warm, firm palm on his knee that stops him, and the pressure behind his bollocks eases.
"No need to dredge up any of those things, now. I promise you it is nothing current. Just… old things," Sherlock says and sighs.
Back at the CCU, Sherlock has good news to share. He's sitting up in bed, and cocks his head towards the monitor the second you push aside the curtain. "Look."
"Why are you like a lion in a zoo?" she had asked.
. It's tedious. There is a definite sense of punishment in John's statements he detests, and he wants to protest that there are many things he thinks about besides and instead of sex such as what it would like to keep bees on such a barren island, how far Mycroft is in sorting out the mess he's in and what John's arm would feel like draped over his waist as he woke up in the morning. He's never been a part of any group because people don't generally want his company, so any rules he may have adhered to in terms of romantic conduct would have been by accident. Sherlock doesn't understand a lot about people, but he knows this: after the desperate, guttural sound John had made as he spent himself in his own hand, shoved between them where he'd pushed Sherlock face-first against a wall, John hadn't wanted him to stay. And that is much more important and much more hurtful than his general ideas about gay people, because it's personal. The shame of rejection he had felt as he made his way to the Drever house had little to do with his gender in that John could have just as easily rejected a woman. John had made him feel like a non-person, just a body to be used, and somehow, trying to explain why is making things better
"Yes, he agrees that your relationship is well."
She deserves to be kept up to date. "Sherlock's in hospital."
[based on a concept in the TV series Westworld, grief]
Can I go forward when my heart is here?
Sherlock sniffs. "
He hears it now. "I love you. I've loved you from the beginning." I feel nearly hysterical how easy it is to say it, now.
"What kinds of things about your honeymoon did that make you remember or dream about?"
Sherlock doesn't give a whit who foots the bill; if anything, he dislikes almost all celebrity cases because of the media scrutiny. "Music, please. Plug my phone in and I'll use Siri to start the playlist."
"No, Sherlock. Those things have played a part, yes, but John has certain personality traits, complexities in his personal and family history and his identity which could cause complications in any relationship he's in. He did a lot of work with Doctor Hooper on those things, and he gave her permission to summarise their work to me. John later on gave me permission to disclose details I am aware of if they could help you. It shows great trust, awareness in his own challenges, and demonstrates motivation in wanting to learn better relationship skills. Problems in your marriage are not solely caused by you, Sherlock. A relationship takes two, and you hold John in very high regard — unrealistically high regard, I might add — when it comes to being a good spouse."
"He says to expect for the Interim Orders Tribunal to happen within the next two weeks. There is no need for Sherlock to attend since he won't be asked to give testimony. They rarely, if ever, change the initial Interim Order, and Vandersteen thought it particularly unlikely in a case that has garnered such intense public interest. It would not look good for the GMC to eat their words about needing to protect the public and to retain public confidence without any formal hearings having taken place."
"No, I won't!"
"And?"
He opens the tiny, metallic spring, closes it and removes the introducer. "Suction."
Nothing but biological, decaying matter. Rotting effigies for the living. Superstition.
impressive, really. They never do, not to you. Especially not the serial killers. Their visible humanity as they are caught strips the lore and the legend away, leaving just a person with depraved tastes and an impulse control problem. What interests you are not them but watching Sherlock best their efforts at remaining uncaught, listening to him strip through their rationalisations and deflections as he gets them to confess. '
"He lost his wife. Never got to say goodbye."
think I remember correctly, I can't work out what parts of them are genuine memories and not some sorts of dreams caused by the medications."
“Posh folks like me? Last night you told me you have plenty of patrons on Ulster Terrace.”
be disappointed — can't just turn his feelings off like that. If he has mastery over them, he could have fixed the way he's been feeling lately, couldn't he? Stale, aggressively bored, disinterested in anything and everything. Drained but restless.
John would probably tell him to stop meditating on sex while sat in a graveyard.
“Bloody hell,” John mutters. “What are you doing now, you nutter?”
There had been times when he had truly feared he'd lose––
"Who decides what someone deserves?"
"Can I say something?" John asks, directing his words to the chairman.
the new valve. You can hear it, too, if you lean close to him. It's a steady ticking which you find reassuring, but for Sherlock, it appears to be the equivalent of Chinese water torture. He doesn't adapt to sensory things like you do. Not to clothes which don't fit like a condom, not to ambient smells or sounds. Not to a constant ticking from his chest.
haemodynamics = the dynamics of blood flow and circulation. We speak of haemodynamically stable patients when their heart rate, BP and such are within acceptable parametres and unstable when they’re not.
Holmes looks sceptical.
"It's
Sherlock doesn't sit down.
"He's an idiot," you say firmly. "It's like a death in the family, medical emergencies like this. Even if you knew to expect it, it still hits you hard. You barely had time to understand that you got ill. Anyone would be reeling from that alone. You had to sign up for massive surgery very suddenly. It takes a while to process it."
"Let me backtrack a little to what you said brought you here today. As I see it, there are two issues here. Firstly, your decision on whether this is a part of your family history that would be helpful to disclose to Sherlock. Secondly, I think we should consider whether it would be beneficial for you to explore this topic with a therapist. I assume you had little to no counselling when Sherlock was young?"
" Those were Mr. Watson's words but, what could John do? It was part of his job.
for being such a good friend to my darling boy, John.” Said Lady Holmes to the empty room.
Well, John just saw Sherlock's "adventures" the night before and now, he must face and endure the awkwardness of having to assist our  aristocratic gay pain in the ass :>
, Sherlock.” He greeted as he took a seat by the good woman's left hand, placing his napkin on his lap as breakfast was served to him.
Seeing how a man is an imbecile and being marvelous at the same time, how a simple mathematic equation transforms into a train. When I do something right, its because I know what is right, when I don’t, is because I chose to misbehave; I don’t act right because “that’s what God wants” nor I’m afraid of making a mistake because “
"Mrs. Fisher!" whisper another housemaid, one of the youngest, after having another sip of tea. "Yes, it's true that lord Sherlock's temper isn't the best regarding to his guests but he's gentle and kind with us, therefore, I believe comparing him with Whitechapel, is far unfair."
was his mother's suggestion once.) The only available option was to join the army but the idea of going from here to there, sleeping in dirty and uncomfortable places, protecting areas that didn't belong to him and killing young men that, just like him, were forced to fight one against the other just because an old woman and man couldn't resolve their problems face to face...well, it was nauseous.
"What a petty annoying man." Whispered John, walking along the servant.
; his blue eyes barely could believe all the variety of suits, shirts, ties and accessories he now had, and what was more incredible to him, was that everything was made to his size and completely new.
Hamish Watson stared at his son for a couple of seconds and left without a word, not caring in going back later to say goodbye and leaving a confuse John behind: How on earth is he going to pay for the new clothes and shoes? John had his shoes thanks to his mother, who sold some marble from old bottle caps*, yes, his shoes were of a poor quality and were painful during his walks on winter... but it was far better than going barefoot trough the snow.
Mr. Holmes took a deep breath at the insult. "John Watson nor Mr. Watson are a vazey, Sherlock. From now on, John will improve your life with his friendship, therefore, I expect you to treat him like the gentleman you are."
Ho-ly fuck, there was a
All right, Sherlock definitely didn’t expect
Sherlock simply rolled his eyes when John started with one of his nags. What an idiotic way of ruining the chat they were just having! “I know I’m extremely smart, nonetheless, I haven’t found out yet why a person feels attracted to someone of a different gender or someone who happens to be in the same gender,” explained with notorious boredom, “besides, who said that being attracted to someone of the opposite sex is the
*********************************************
"Not bad, Watson. You could look worse," murmured Sherlock while looking at him from head to toes, "however, I suggest you not to engage in a deep conversation with the tailor: He'll discover your background if you spend more than two minutes talking to him."
John's first reaction to this, despite his beliefs, was to admire every single inch of the young man's pale skin, his eyes darted every muscle, every freckle and, may God have mercy on his soul, he even dared to admire how the pair of bruises in the hips of the aristocrat made his skin look beautiful; the youngest Watson even had to clear his throat when he thought that probably those bruises were from the moment when Joshua held Sherlock hard while fucking him, oh, and the aristocrat's moans... What in God's name was he thinking? He should be utterly disgusted by the way he was looking at Sherlock!
And that comment with the soft smile were enough to ruin the aristocrat.
“And remember: if you need to pause in order to take a sip of your beverage or to speak with someone, you have to place your knife and fork on your plate, near the center and slightly angled in an inverted V with the tips of said knife and fork pointing toward each other,” said Sherlock on his third round pacing the room, “IF you are finished with the course, place the knife and fork, always parallel with the handles in the “
“No one lives without believing in something, it’s vital for your soul.” Was the first thing the youngest Watson dared to say.
"Of course I do." Agreed Mr. Watson, who barely woke up from his mental numbness (where he decided to hide in order to scape from the discomfort of the situation.) Just in time to answer.
And that first thump was followed by more thumps on the wall; sometimes they were soft, others were rather fast and stronger although not that loud to wake everybody in that floor but loud enough to keep John awake. He sighed with anger and covered his head with one of the pillows to try to fall asleep again but failed since there were more and more thumps… but the worst was about to happen.
Told himself and kept walking. Thirty minutes later, the long walk ended and they finally reached the Holmes manor.
"Lord Sherlock, how was your ride today, sir?" Asked the young man while taking the horse's rains.
Thank you for all the kudos and comments <3
"Lord, if you don't mind. I'm not interested in holding a crown." Interrupted Sherlock just for the pleasure of annoying the youngest Watson.
“Mrs. Holmes- sorry!, Lady Holmes,” John corrected quickly, “I’ll be forever grateful for all the things you and Lord Holmes are doing for me.” And with those words, he hurried to leave the room and catch up with Sherlock, leaving the good woman behind.
“Good God in heaven,” he whispered while stroking softly with his thumb the sleeve of one of the shirts, feeling drawn to the feeling of the silk and how elegant it looked, “Sherlock, this must be a huge mistake; this can’t be…”
*On the XIX century, Whitechapel was the poorest and most dangerous english neighborhood (nowadays, it's still rated as a risk zone.)
“I know that you had your doubts thanks to the Godless lifestyle that our friend here has chosen.” Continued Wilde once he noted John wasn’t going to reply. Nonetheless, you must understand that despite his occasional rants, Sherlock follows the path of a good man;” he drank a little from his glass of whiskey and sighed; “Do not consider speech as fervent intention to corrupt your current of thought and make you our ally, Mr. Watson. My only intention is for you to have the whole picture, not only the one offered by a fraction of our society; if, after this meeting you consider that the way we were born is anything but an honest kind of love and an abhorrent mistake, I won’t tell you otherwise and even defend your right to think differently.
John was in complete silence. This was a huge opportunity: His work shift, instead of keeping him going from here to there since seven in the morning until six in the afternoon, would only have him reading by the side of a young man or riding with him, walking through the countryside or whatever the aristocrats did during their free time... And for that he would get 20 pounds per month (something that John could barely believe), he'd have Sundays off (he could visit his mother), new clothes and what's even more important: A chance to finally become a doctor was finally close.
"Father? Father!" Sherlock's voice was easily heard from rooms far apart of the library.
Horrifyingly so.
"Sherlock, love let me explain," she says softly walking towards her Sherlock again.
Sherlock hums.
BAMF John in this chapter!
"Sherlock, I have to go. I'm already registered, already in their database. I'm already a soldier. There's no getting out of this. Not anymore. And I'm okay with that. I know you're scared, baby. I am too but we're going to be fine, okay? I'm not going to die. I'm going to try my damned hardest not to. But I'm telling you that we're going to be just fine. Do you trust me, love?" She asks as she places a tender kiss on the column of her girlfriend's throat. Sherlock nods ever so slightly, her long fingers digging in and tugging at John's hair causing her to groan against her neck.
It wasn't either that led him to the whirlwind that is Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock walks up behind John and places her hands around her waist. She buries her face in John's neck trying to calm down. John smells divine and her skin is warm. While they were lying in bed together, she'd been trying to name what John smelt like and she couldn't. But, now as they sway in Sherlock's kitchen with waffles being made and fruit being chopped and coffee being brewed, she finally knows what John smells like.
He's finally happy that God or whoever let him live.
I knew I needed you but I never showed
"That was absolutely amazing. Stunning. Perfect. Mind boggling. John Watson, you are incredible."
"Am I still coming over tonight?" John asks, staring warily at Sherlock as they make their way to the front of the school.
"So," John begins, "there's only one thing left to ask. Sherlock Holmes, would you do me the absolute honor of becoming my girlfriend?"
Looking up, Sherlock sighs tiredly. She can always trust Sally Donovan to ruin an actually decent day.
"Explain what, John? Explain that you're planning on leaving? To fight in a war where you could get injured or where you could be taken prisoner and tortured and your body would never be able to come back home? IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT TO EXPLAIN, JOHN?" She ends her rant in an ear splitting shriek and buries her head in her bare knees while her sobbing comes back full force.
The house had a Victorian look to it on the outside. Big glass windows allowed plenty of light to come in, if Sherlock so wished the light to come in and disrupt the quiet darkness of the house. The house had two stories plus an attic, contained four bedrooms, three bathrooms, a nicely sized living room, a very nice kitchen (which no one hardly used because why cook when you could just order takeaway?) and a small but glorious library. If Sherlock wasn't in her room, she would always most likely be in the library curled up in the chair by the window with a science book in her lap.
Sherlock is embarrassed by the almost purring sound that comes from her throat as John lovingly caresses her warm cheek.
Her eyes are the softest she's ever seen them and there's a new found vulnerability on her face.
Did you miss me?
John walks over quickly, wanting to ease her girlfriend's distress. She settles a hand on her shoulder only for it to batted away sloppily. Papers are thrown in her face while her girlfriend scoots farther away. She rests her fluffy black hair on her boney knees and rocks back and forth slightly, her face turned away from John's worried expression. When John finally peels her eyes away from a very uneasy Sherlock and looks down at the papers her girlfriend has found, her heart plummets directly into her stomach.
Why is John going to leave her?
"You are my best friend, too, Sherlock. Thank you for looking out for me."
Soon enough, Sherlock has an armful of sleepy John Watson pressing kisses to every piece of skin she happens to find. Sherlock allows a groan of delight to slip past her lips when John places a kiss to her neck.
How that realization burned her heart and made her throat ache.
So far, the story's about a girl who suffers from anxiety and she has to take medication for it even though she knows the medication isn't working at all. A new girl comes to the school and sits next to her.They quickly become friends but the main character finds herself wanting more from her new friend and she doesn't know that the feelings are very much returned.
Tonight I'll tell you.
"He is well. Back to work already."
Taking a deep breath, she says softly, "I want to be a doctor, Sherlock. I want to help people. I want to see the world while helping people. This has been my dream ever since I was a little girl sitting on my mum's lap. You knew this, love. I can't stay in that house with its screams and stains. I can't, Sherlock. The army is my ticket out. It's a ticket for a better life for...us."
"I'm yours," she agrees.
Her John possibly dying and being sent home in a body bag. Or even worse, not being sent back because her body was never found.
"Yes, I did." John says, her voice calm and endlessly loving. "That's what a person who's completely entranced with someone does when they're kissed by the person they've been pinning after for years."
Sherlock had grinned.
Pulling apart, Sherlock smirks at John's pink cheeks and kiss swollen lips. Gathering John in her arms again, she whispers hotly against the sensitive curve of her ear,
"Follow me okay, Sherlock?" John says as she starts to breathe in and out in deep calming breaths.
Sherlock nods and let's John kiss her wrist again. Over the pulse point.
"Now run along. I'm sure Anderson's curious about what's kept you."
Pulling back, Sherlock smiles at the blissed out look on John's face. Someone would probably think John was on drugs if they saw this look.
"Good morning, Sherlock. Where is your John?"
"Yes, oh. So, what's funny?"
So, the only thing to ask is:
It hits her then.
"Of course! My parents are still away and Mycroft has to deal with some tedious government problems."
"What if she's mean and smells weird?" Maddie asks and John holds back a snicker and her daughter's distressed face. Dropping a kiss on her head, she answers, "then we'll find another sitter who's nicer with better hygiene, love." Maddie nods, finding plan b agreeable. Her mum always smart and knows the answer.
"That was when I realized I was utterly and completely in love with you, John Watson."
"It's a pleasure to meet you, Sherlock Holmes. I've a feeling we're going to be good friends."
Panic rising in her chest she sits up and makes sure John's overnight bag is still there. She let's out a relieved sigh when she see the black and blue sports bag sitting on her desk chair. John didn't run. John hasn't left her. But that doesn't explain why John, her John, isn't in bed with her.
A strong grip on her thin wrist prevented her escape. Sherlock had tensed, waiting for something. A slap. A punch. Hurtful words yelled into her ear. What she got was something so unexpected.
"But you're normal!"
And oh...
A fierce looking John stands over a terrified Sally. Her fists and clenched so tightly that her knuckles are white. Her small, compact body gives off clear signs of rage. John's going to hit her. Her mouth is pulled into a straight line and her jaw is set, dark blue eyes glowing with pure hatred. Sherlock notices that Sally's lips are actually trembling. She opens them to speak when John's quiet voice cuts her off.
"Hi." She whispers as she leans in close to bump their noses together. Slowly, she captures John's lips in a warm, unhurried kiss. John hums her approval and presses closer, making Sherlock groan. John takes the advantage and rolls them so that she's settled over Sherlock and traces the seam of her lips with her tongue before slowly pushing past her lips.
are her favorite things to say in such situations.
She won't let him ruin her happiness. She won't let him hurt Sherlock or her. She won't let him say their love is wrong and that her sexuality is a sin. The no good Bible preaching drunk won't get to her.
None the less, she gives her bottom a  sassy little wriggle and delights in John's answering growl and the tightening of fingers on her exposed hip.
Mycroft huffs a laugh and shakes his head at her antics.
Shaking her head, Sherlock gives John a watery smile.
"Please, John!" She begs with another insistent tug to her shirt. John pulls it off in a flourish. She feels embarrassed and reaches for a sheet, anything to cover her but Sherlock flips them to where she's the one now pinned. Her eyes are burning as they run over her newly exposed skin. She has a hungry, predatory look in those eyes and it makes John shiver.
The weekend ends far to quickly in John's opinion.
Ruefully shaking her head, the grin still on her face, John  fishes out Sherlock's house key from the chain around her neck, turns the lock and enters the obscenely well kept house. Toeing of her black Converse's, she pads quietly to the kitchen and sets their food down.
To say that the Holmes family was not well off would be a lie. It didn't take a genius to guess that they had plenty of money. The Holmes house was a dead give away that when it come to expenses and luxuries, they had the cash to spare. The Holmes house was nothing if not extremely, as John always said;
Sherlock turns and John inwardly melts at the warm smile that adorns her beautiful face.
"Good girl."
I said I already told ya
This is good.
"I need to be off. Foods in the fridge. Maddie likes anything with honey. Thank you again, Sherlock." Kissing her head, her mum leaves, waving goodbye. Her sitter calls goodbye.
John's voice was soothing and her hands had been gentle as they petted carefully at her wild hair.
And Sherlock had known she had lost a battle. She had realized then, wrapped in John's safe and warm embrace, that she could possibly, very much love the girl she was crying on.
call out a
"More than okay, " she says laying her head back over the comforting
Great.
"Christ," she almost whispers, "you're so beautiful."
"I knew I loved you then
John gazes up at her in confusion, eyebrows creased.
John holds back a fond snort when she looks at her best friends pajama bottoms. How unbelievably Sherlock. She takes time to gaze around the mess that serves as her Sherlock's room. She smiles as she sees the photo collage of them.
Instead, it's John Watson.
Sherlock wakes up groggy and confused as to why John Watson is not in her messy and unmade bed, spooning her or pressing kisses to her still sleep warm flesh. Pouting, she pushes the hair out of her eyes and squints around her room. John's bag is open indicating that said girl is somewhere putting on clothes that hide her perfect body.
"Would you fancy a walk in the park and then a picnic by the lake, John? I have the proper fixings for some sandwiches and for something sweet," She furrows her brow, mentally going through the ingredients that are in the kitchen.
John holds her tighter and places a kiss against frazzled hair. "I'm here, love."
With a chuckle, John flings herself on top of Sherlock and kisses her gently. Her girl friend hums her approval and nips at her bottom lip.
She doesn't love how John will sometimes trace the stretch marks that cover her abdomen with a frown sketched on her face. Sherlock wishes she could kiss each and every one until all John would be able to think about when she looked at  them was the feel of Sherlock's tongue and teeth and lips worshipping those marks that have the honor of gracing that golden skin. Skin that Sherlock wishes to burn with hot breaths and the touch of her scorching lips and the bite of her teeth.
"Sherlock, you're having a panic attack. I need you to breathe. Do you think you can do that for me?" Her voice is familiar and soothing.
"Yo-you kissed me back," she stutters and John's lovely eyes spark with mischief and her soothing hands move to running back and forth over Sherlock's parted thighs.
She watches in adoration as John chuckles through a mouthful of orange chicken. John nods, her blond hair ruffling slightly from the movement.
And you asked me to stay over
"Yes, John."
Sherlock fondly rolls her mercury colored eyes and gives an exasperated huff. She'll never admit how pleased it makes her that John's always worried about her well being.
"Now, now," John chides,looking down at her. "There will be none of that, okay?" Sherlock nods violently. John grins, murmuring "good girl" as she begins trailing kisses on Sherlock's neck and collar bone,stopping only to lap at her sensitive nipples. "I'm going to make you cum, Sherlock." John says, her voice gravelly with want. "On one condition." Sherlock perks up with interest. John looks at her and at her pinned hands. Licking her lips, she says, "I'll make you cum, but your hands have to stay above your head at all times, understand?"
She doesn't dream.
Even in sleep, John is responsive. She presses into the kiss and hums her approval. When Sherlock tries to pull back, John let's out a displeased whine and instantly follows Sherlock's lips.
But, John doesn't know what Sherlock loves and dislikes about her. She doesn't know the deep and odd desires that race through Sherlock's body and mind. And Sherlock does not plan on telling her best friend that she's utterly, completely and madly taken with her.
"What do you mean 'how long'?"
"Good morning, beautiful," John says, Sherlock can hear the soft smile in her voice.
she scolds herself quietly,
Sherlock blushes and clears her throat. She tries, in vain, to fight the heat crawling up her neck and coloring her cheeks.
"J-John..." she says, voice stuttering and eyes squeezed shut tightly.
"Yes, love."
We drank too much,
"Mhm? What are you on about, John?"
She loves the way John scrunches up her nose when she's almost at the end of her patience (which must be extremely long and well built, bless her possibly rage filled heart) and her indignant whines of protest when Sherlock says she looks like an upset toddler that didn't get another piece of cake.
Mycroft smiles.
She turned to run up the stairs and into her bedroom. She didn't want to see John, her best friend, her only friend, walk out of the door. Out of her life.
"I don't fit in with the norm, Sherlock." It's said so quietly that Sherlock almost misses it.
"Is this okay?" She feels John ask  rather than say it. Sherlock let's out a contented mhhm and raises her head to place a sweet kiss on her John's already kiss swollen lips.
The door bell rings and she jumps to her feet. Opening the door, she's met with long long kegs covered in black pants. The person's shoes are really shiny. She can see her reflection in them. "Hello, there," the voice is soft, deep for a lady but nice sounding. She'll have to have this person read to her. Looking up, she's met with a smiling woman with short curly dark brown hair. Her face is really long and pretty. Her smile is even nicer.
'I require advice.'
Sherlock blinks in that suddenly-blinded-by-torch-owl kind of way he does when something catches him off guard, and he grabs a few of the books piled on the floor next to the pot of an obviously neglected ficus tree. "Well, obviously I can, um, straighten things up a bit." The books are then dropped onto a worn leather sofa in front of a red brick fireplace.
"Yes, yes, he's fine. It's our anniversary tomorrow; he's taking me out." Retirement has its advantages. Violet had reminded him three times and this year, unlike on so many of the ones when he'd been working, George had even bought a new jacket and booked a restaurant.
You manage to convince him to let you remove his stitches and staples the next morning. You doubt he's slept any — he looks like death warmed over. He insists on sitting by the kitchen tableinstead of lying on the sofa. You have not forgot his reaction to seeing his incision for the first time, and how nauseous he got when the drains were removed, but he'll not be swayed.
"I really don't."
"That may be, but when has he ever
"They're all out, now, John, and they're safe. You need to calm down a bit."
There is no television; instead, the copious amounts of books he'd made note of upon entry are stacked and strewn about, shoved into every nook and cranny. The empty slots above them on bookcases are filled with old maps and printouts of graphs and sonar maps. The furniture is old but well-made and cared for, mostly dark wood and leather. There are no framed photographs, just a few paintings on the walls of maritime scenes. Squeezed in among the books are strange bric-a-brac such as a taxidermy bat, a human skull, fossils, a few antique-looking daggers and knives jutting up from where they have been stabbed into side tables and shelves, and a small antique globe. The place smells a little bit of dust and old papers with a faint undertone of tea and cigarettes.
John and Sherlock had explained what they could about that night Sylvie Fairholme had died. After some hesitation, Sherlock had also told her about why the husband isn't the first family member dissatisfied with his professional communication skills.
"I'm not done talking but come on. Let's get back to bed," John prompts, perching a palm on Sherlock's shoulder briefly before lying down.
" Sherlock grits out forcefully, only realising the paradox in his statement after the fact.
The courtroom is quiet. John glances at the judge, who prompts him to continue with a nod.
Three days later, there is a locked room murder going stale while I vomit my guts out and try to pick myself off the bathroom floor. John's trying to tell me we can't go, and I argue with more vigour than I actually possess that food poisoning is not contagious. He argues that we'd been eating the same things and that I could have still caught whatever Rosie had been suffering from last week. I lean my cheek against the bathroom cabinet and google incubation times for gastroenteritis viruses, my skin crawling to call him out on being wrong.
Sherlock has risen to stand by the kitchen table, palms perched on the back of a chair as though he needs it for support.
"Any comments?" Lestrade asks.
John had been found wandering close to the wreckage, in a state of shock and inebriation. It was obvious he wasn't the driver since Mary Watson had to be cut out of the driver’s side of the vehicle by the fire department.
"The neuro reg insisted on wasting a lot of money by administering Octaplex even though I was able to give him a pretty good estimate of the prognosis from the clinical status alone," Sherlock grumbles. "Naturally, we needed imaging to verify the situation for the lesser minds in attendance."
"Sounds delightful," Sherlock replies curtly. He's not really interested in John's travel arrangements. "You better not rub my nose in it while I get bored on call."
He lets his eyes drift closed for a moment, resignation taking over again. "Yes."
As much as you try to push away reality right now, Mycroft's reaction has hammered it home what has happened. Sherlock's life is now very concretely in the hands of OR staff, his life hanging on by a blood pressure produced by machines. His blood has been made so runny that it won't coagulate in the perfusion machinery which heavily activates clotting cascades. Just a nick on his finger, and he could bleed dry right now.
or whatever else his mother might call this. All his life, every time he's tried to use what little skill he has in trying to explain himself, he always gets pushed head-first into the cold water of invisibility. Of other people telling him it's not so bad, that there's help, that he shouldn't be so hard on himself.
"There's no elephant," John says, crossing his arms and watching Sherlock scrutinise his five-o'clock-shadow in the mirror above the sink. Sherlock hates it, but if he shaves it now, he might have to do it again in the morning to keep his face as smooth as he prefers at work. He seems torn by the decision, hand hovering towards the right shelf in the cabinet he's opened. His hair is dry — he'd washed it yesterday and applied the necessary products.
It's not fair. It should have been someone less meticulous, someone less skilled. Someone whose career wouldn't take much of a knocking from a failed high-profile operation.
"Of course, they would be, possibly even worse than––" his eyes go wide as the connection is made.
"Can he talk?" Sherlock asks.
"What you are doing," Mycroft responds quietly, "is better than anyone else."
"I hope you're right. This is insane, sometimes, this profession. The power and responsibility they give us is unfairly immense, yet people expect us to wield it though we are no wiser, no more or less human than they are. They expect us to just make the tough calls and walk away and get on with it. And Sherlock is so good at that because he can separate his feelings from the science. But that doesn't mean he's even a bit like the press is trying to make him out to be: some emotionless, stereotypical sociopath of a surgeon who doesn't care about anything but getting home on time."
"John here tells me you've been remembering things which seem to have happened in theatre. Did those memories appear right after the operation or later?"
"Wasn't that more about Afghanistan and what you processed with Molly rather than me?"
"How much does she know?"
He’s warm. This bed has never been so warm.
Sherlock doesn't want to go anywhere near that spot, but he knows it's possible. The clip should hold. "Have a look."
"And they won't ever blame you," John says firmly. "They see the big picture, they know that even though you might be abrasive and arrogant and too honest sometimes, you don't have a habit of being deliberately mean. They will understand that nothing you could have said or done or not said or… nothing would justify murder."
. By smoking, he's helping himself make better decisions about the meth.
"There is still a lot to unpack here, and I think you would greatly benefit by seeking a therapist of your own."
"And I want to see you back there, enjoying yourself. Relentless and beautiful and stubborn and more ambitious than everyone and careful and brave and my favourite person. You're
"Come sit down," Violet says after studying the sight of him for a moment. "Tea?"
"Not until the week after the next. All unit heads have been taken off the call rotas because they need us during the day and to limit exposure."
"You can do this, John," Joanna assures him. "If you weren't the best thing for him at both the best and the worst times, your relationship wouldn't have endured all these years."
"This is Victor Trevor," Mycroft said dryly, nodding towards a sandy-haired, tall man in jeans and a leather jacket perched at the edge of the kitchen table. Sherlock remembers wondering who the
