Balthazar had moved away from Dean just as shouting had emanated from farther away from them. Dean stood up and noticed refs were breaking up Castiel and Michael.
“No,” Dean said with a sort of anger. “No we don’t actually.” Castiel looked down and crossed his arms over his chest.
“Exactly Cas,” he said in a slight raised voice. “I like you so why the fuck are you mad at me?”
“What do we have to talk about? You said earlier today that this was just a fling, but now suddenly you get all pissed once you realize I’m going to college?” He said with a slight sneer. “Dean you didn’t even want to kiss me when we started this.”
"Get dressed." He moved his hands to cover his eyes, resting the bottoms of his palms against them. "And get out."
“That was,” Dean spoke softly, voice low and drunk with sex.
“Cas!” Sam said from the back seat of the car, peeking his head out the window. He smiled cheekily and Castiel waved at him.
"What?" Dean asked with a huff, clearly still trying to recover from what they did, but Castiel wasn't going to budge. He never did, not when it came to this.
“Yeah?” He asked, looking at his brother as he approached closer. Dean smiled a bit and rubbed the back of his neck nervously. The motion always made Sam narrow his eyes suspiciously. “What?”
“Not what I’m talking about,” he said and then he was tugging Castiel away, out of the barn. Castiel was honestly confused by such a statement and he struggled against Dean’s grasp as he pulled him through the crowd of now mingling people since there was no music. Guess they were done with their set sooner than expected. “What the hell are you doing here with Meg?”
“Fuck Cas,” he breathed and fell back against the door. his grip in Castiel’s hair tightened and he rolled his hips into Castiel’s face. “Do it, suck me off.” Castiel obliged and he pulled Dean’s boxers down, hand going to grasp the other’s throbbing member and tongue slipping out to slide across the length of it. A few seconds later and Castiel was taking Dean into his mouth with a moan, rolling his tongue around it and pushing farther in. His eyes squeezed shut and he started to bob his head, making sure that his teeth grazed across Dean’s cock every so often because he’d picked up that the other had liked it. Dean moaned again and Castiel heard his head bang against the door.
Castiel would have gone farther into thought if the driver’s side door hadn’t swung open. He smiled and looked over to Dean, sliding across the bench seat to lay his hand on the other’s thigh. “Well you don’t take any time,” he said and Castiel rolled his eyes. He would miss that. The voice of angels that was Dean’s. Castiel’s hand went to rub in between before scaling it up to press his palm against the other man’s crotch. “Jesus fuck Cas.”
“You don’t know who that is?” She asked and Castiel raised a brow, looking to her. He shook his head, crossing his arms over his chest.
“Just find a field or something. Let’s watch the sun rise,” she said and Gilda nodded, taking the car out of park and revving the engine. Castiel slipped his seat belt on, the car filling up with warm air and rock music. He smiled, he’d missed something as simple as the music that Dean listened to.
“What?” She asked and Castiel leaned forward.
“How bad do you want me Cas?”
“His manager was no good though. The man’s in jail after several of his clients came out and told people about how he kept them around. All of them were either drunk or druggies,” she said, and Castiel narrowed his eyes. He sounded like a bad enough man. Castiel looked back to the table and he then looked to the table.
“I’m not sure,” Dean replied with a small purse of his lips. “I mean it was sort of a bad fight. I think he’s still steaming.”
“Something wrong Cassie?” He asked and Castiel chuckled a little, wiping tears away.
“Why thank you,” he mumbled and he looked down at his hands.
“Not yet,” he breathed and he moved a little, spreading his legs some. “I have to get used to it.” Dean nodded against Castiel’s cheek, a small chuckle escaping as his body shook. Castiel had tickled him with his scruff. It was a few moments before Castiel nodded and he rolled his hips. “You can move.” Dean kissed him again and then pulled out slowly, it was with ease and he thrusting back in, a little bit quicker and hitting Castiel’s prostate. “Oh fuck.” He clenched and Dean moaned along with Castiel.
Maybe it was just the effect of great sex, or maybe the fact that Dean was undoubtedly the most attractive man he had ever seen. Maybe all of this was pure infatuation, just lust and sex and nothing else. Those thoughts all went away when he felt Dean’s lips though. They pressed against his delicately, and Castiel moved his hands to tangle them in the other’s hair. Gentle Castiel, you have to be gentle. He trembled at the touch of Dean and pulled him close. “I love you,” he whispered out again, just to make sure that Dean understood. That he knew how much that it meant to Castiel that this was a seal to their relationship, regardless of what was to happen between them in a few weeks.
“Yeah well he’s pissed at me, or not pissed,” Dean trailed off as he looked over at Castiel, who was removing his helmet for the last time. “Or, just mad-- Whatever that’s not the point.” He shook his head. “I’ll see you tomorrow Tran.”
you so hard I had you moaning
“He’s shy?” Charlie cocked a brow then lolled her head back with a loud laugh. “He’ll suck you off in a movie theater, but he won’t fuck you because he’s shy?” Oh God was that a good time, Episode V had come out for Star Wars and Castiel really wanted to see it. He hadn’t expected to see Green Eyes there. He was just sitting in the back, enjoying a bag of popcorn before God’s best ass was in his face.
“You are feeling me Cas,” Dean whispered, the first words after several long pleasurable minutes. Castiel moaned because Dean had pressed his three fingers against Castiel’s prostate. His hand slipped from Castiel’s hip and smoothed out to wrap around his cock, stroking softly. Castiel squeezed his eyes shut and he tugged Dean’s hair roughly, eliciting a moan from the other man. The blue eyed man had gotten that noise completely seared into his mind so that he could save it for a rainy day.
Castiel was sorting through his dirty clothes, deciding between darks and lights, putting his whites in a completely different pile. Then he came across a dark green plaid shirt, and he smiled softly. He brought the shirt to his nose, and sniffed it lightly, getting the rich aroma that was Dean Winchester. He’d stole it on one of their last days together. They were bustling about the break room, grabbing clothes left and right, and Castiel ended up with Dean’s shirt.
There, in the silence of his room, Castiel felt the shame and guilt of his actions take hold.
“It could be, while said brother is sleeping,” Gabriel commented and Castiel gagged.
Castiel nodded and he kissed at Dean again, his hands resting on the back of Dean’s neck. “You gonna go all slow? Is that what this is going to be this time?” He asked and shifted a little as the other boy stripped Castiel of his pants. Castiel giggled a little and for once in his life he felt like a fucking woman. He felt like what his brother’s used to call him when he was younger. ‘Cassie.’ “Meaningful?” The music definitely set the mood for this, it was calming, and romantic, and Castiel never thought that he would be so comfortable with it.
“Orange 17,” Dean called out as he looked at his other teammates. “Orange 17.” He let out a big sigh and the ball was in his hands. He took his calculated step back and looked out into the crowd, finding Ash exactly where he needed to be. The quarterback threw the ball and he moved himself away from Zachariah and Raphael who were about to push him to the ground. He observed as Ash caught the ball and no one seemed to be around him. The running back’s feet touch the ground and he was off. He immediately raced his way toward the touchdown grass, which was painted bright red and Dean couldn’t hide his excitement because he knew no one was going to be able to stop him.
“Yeah,” he said and he started up his car. Green Eyes’ shirt was still off and now Castiel had the opportunity to just sit and stare at how perfect it was. He was right in the fact that his freckles continued their trail down his body and around his shoulders. He was right that he was well toned and looked like a piece of art.
“I’d fuck you on the bar if that wasn’t frowned upon,” Castiel smirked and rolled his eyes.
“Hi,” he said shyly and his hand went to slip into his pants pocket. “You wouldn’t happen to know where the comic books are would you?” Castiel cocked a brow and he looked around the library. He honestly had no idea where anything really was. He had just come for a book and he had one. He was going to check it out and be done with conversation, finding a chair to sit and relax in so that he could read in peace with air conditioning.
Sam however, was still looking over at Castiel with a blank expression. “My brother loves you,” he said simply and Castiel’s eyes grew wide, before his mind caught up with him and he shook his head.
“We’re just friends, doesn’t mean I don’t like to suck your cock,” Dean retorted and Castiel laughed again. “What is so funny?” Castiel couldn’t help his laughter. Dean was being so serious, and he looked so grumpy, and it was because he thought Charlie was some guy. That Castiel and Charlie could be fooling around as much as Dean and Castiel. He shook his head and looked up at Dean.
“Because Cas, up until just now I was completely sold on the idea that Dean Winchester was a red blooded, cold hearted, lady killer. I didn’t know that he’d actually been batting for the other team.” Castiel’s eyes grew wide, not believing that in any form.
“Because its not that bad,” Castiel said as he exhaled and wiped his brow of sweat. If was blazing hot outside, be it the first game of the season. Dean ran his fingers through his damp hair and shook his head.
“Yes,” Dean repeated again as he slipped on his jacket. “Is there a problem with that?”
“Great throw,” he replied as he pushed Dean’s shoulder. “Don’t get your arm fucked up tonight.”
Castiel’s hands would slip under said tight shirt and roam around the probably perfectly muscled and tanned skin, feeling across every nook and crevice of it. He would hear the small groan of the other man and feel them press together even more. Castiel wouldn’t even care that they were in the middle of a bar, wouldn’t care that people could be watching. He would just continue with his business, hands slipping down to pull at the other’s pants. What did those even look like? Castiel had no fucking clue. If they were as tight as his shirt, then the blue eyed man would definitely be weak in the knees and unable to move because of an erection.
Castiel had smirked and then a nice voice chimed in.
“Fuck I love with you,” he breathed and smiled idiotically. Castiel arched his back up, still not believing that he was so comfortable with saying that he loved Dean. He never thought that he would actually love someone, to want something more with a person. Although, it still didn’t change all the underlying talks that they still had to get to, but that could wait. A slight rub to his prostate and Castiel was long gone. He groaned and moved with Dean’s finger, only wincing slightly when a second finger was added.
“This is the first time,” he mumbled and Dean ran his fingers along the inside of the other’s thigh. “That its actually meant something to me.” Castiel looked up at Dean and he saw a soft smile form on his lips.
“Dude, you are literally swaying. I think you’ve had enough,” Dean commented as Castiel peeked over to him again. Even with the smoke clouding everything around them. The way the kitchen light illuminated over Dean almost made him look bathed in it like some kind of saint.
“I was kidding Dean,” he hissed before he toppled over to the ground with a weird sort of yelp. Dean looked down at his friend and cracked a smile.
“Well I’m sure he’ll call you,” Charlie said with a warm smile, but Castiel knew that wasn’t going to happen. Castiel didn’t get a phone number till he had already moved, and Dean didn’t have a normal phone number to begin.
“You feel so fucking good.” How could Dean even form a sentence right now? Castiel felt himself nodding in agreement, but he was definitely past the point of dirty talk. He grabbed at the back of Dean’s neck and smashed their lips together. It was all teeth and tongue by now with no finesse, but Castiel didn’t care. He just needed more.
What was going on in the newest Captain America comic.
“I said-”
Charlie was supposed to come around to the apartment soon and he really wanted to get some reading done. He opened his book and started to read eventually sucking a lip into his mouth in concentration. After a seven days’ march through woodland, the traveler directed towards Baucis cannot see the city and yet has he arrived. Castiel sighed halfway through though, because all he could think about was Dean.
“She is a lesbian that I met here a few weeks ago,” he said and watched as all of Dean’s grumpiness disappear from his face. “And we’re not friends.” He cocked a brow and Castiel shook his head. “No friends wouldn’t have waited this long to tell each other their names.”
“I get off in fifteen,” Dean said and smirked. “Relax and keep your pants on. You’re lucky that Jo likes to cover my shift.”
“There was no one to throw to,” Dean retorted as he spit out his mouth guard. “Neither Garth or Ash were there.” Castiel raised his hands in defense and walked back over so they could get in position.
“The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy is one of my favorite books,” the voice rang out and Castiel looked up to see a fiery redheaded girl with bright green eyes. What was it with everyone in Kansas having green eyes? She herself had a copy of J.R.R. Tolkien’s Hobbit clung to her chest and she smiled. “It’s witty and quirky, and I think that Douglas Adams is one of the best.” She smiled sheepishly and Castiel took in the fact that she had Star Wars shirt fitted around her slender frame. She pushed up her glasses and then made herself at home, sitting on the arm of Castiel’s chair. “Charlie Bradbury, science fiction expert and extraordinaire.”
“Well duh Cas, its fire not ice,” Dean said as he stood up and looked down at his friend. “I’ll walk with you if you’re so scared of someone jumping out of the bushes and killing you.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes, but obliged, opening his mouth just enough to feel Dean’s fingers slide past his teeth and across his tongue. He sucked on them for a few seconds before they were pulled back out with a pop.
“So how was class?” She asked as she leaned up to peck a kiss to his lips. Dean smiled and kissed her back before moving so that he could walk her to her own science class: Physics.
At the mere presence of Dean shifting his legs open more, Castiel had once again brought their connection back full force. He moved swiftly, legs sliding into place on either side of Dean’s, making their cocks slide together once again.
“What kind of books do you like?” He asked and Sam looked up at him with a bright smile.
Dean grabbed his guitar, palm sliding up the neck, fingers gliding past frets. His thumb struck a few strings, a smile widening. Almost perfectly tuned. Dean played a few more notes, turning the tuner mechanisms till it was in key. He hadn’t expected this, he hadn’t realized that he could even think of new notes and rhythms without some type of liquor in his body. Here he was though, and he was writing a song. He played a few notes, humming along as the words weren’t yet to him. But the music was there, and without much longer Dean was singing a few cords, working his fingers along the fret. After while of just playing, Dean started to hear the words. He grabbed his old leather note book that used to belong to his father, and he jotted down a few lyrics.
“Let’s start dinner yeah?” He asked and Dean just glared up at him. He crossed his arms over his chest and narrowed his eyes.
“What’s up?” He asked as he pulled his shirt up over his head. Dean was caught off guard somewhat because when he saw Castiel’s bare chest he had forgotten how sculpted the other man was. He had forgotten that in order to be a good center you had to have strong arms, strong abs, and all around just strong. He never noticed the tan line that Castiel had from wearing a t-shirt all summer during practice. Castiel didn’t have the awkward t-shirt tan fully, he just had a darker shade of arms compared to his chest. Dean swallowed thickly and shook any dirty thoughts from his mind.
“I keep forgetting that you don’t actually plan on staying.”
“Don’t get me wrong, I live to sing on a stage with people screaming my name,” he said, watching as a waiter was at a booth behind Charlie. The man hadn’t so much as looked at him, and it was a little confusing. Almost everyone in the joint had given Dean a few stares, but this guy? Not a glance. “But the pressure it put on me to be at the top of my game every single time I performed? And to have the…. Persona of being the party guy? Well, that’s what nearly killed me.” He can remember crashing hotel rooms like it was yesterday. He can remember throwing a chair out a balcony window and being banned from any of the Marriotts in the entire United States. “My old manager didn’t help with it either.”
“Why not?” Dean asked honestly and Castiel looked up at the other. Oh. Right, they never actually had this conversation, they just fucked and talked about how attractive the other was. That was the extent of their relationship. Castiel was relieved when Sam came back, and he ignored Dean’s question, going back to lighting the fire. “Cas.” Castiel just worked his fingers with the fire and after a few minutes finally got it going.
“Yes,” he said with a nod and Gabriel smiled.
“Don’t make me sound like a small scared child, someone could seriously kill me,” Castiel murmured. He rolled his eyes because of Dean’s childish smile. “Nevermind, I’ll go by myself. If I die I’m going to have a text set that will say its all Dean Winchester’s fault because he didn’t come with me.” He turned away from Dean and walked over to Meg quickly. Dean followed behind and wrapped his arms around Tessa’s waist.
“Because he is a fucking terrible idea,” Castiel responded with a wide smirk. “But fucking hell is he intoxicating.” Charlie laughed and shook her head.
"Dean, you wouldn't-"
“Then why won’t you?” He asked, his voice barely audible. He felt Dean’s hand slip up his shirt and he shuddered, shoving his face in Dean’s shoulder. He moaned against the fabric and felt his glasses pushing into his face. “I’ve begged enough.” Castiel moaned again and arched his back when Dean pinched his nipple. Fuck they weren’t even really touching and he felt himself climbing quickly. “Dean!” It was a moan, a loud one and there were still people in the library, and there were definitely people down a few aisle from them, but Castiel didn’t have a care in the world. “Please Dean, please just fuck me already.”
“I should’ve made Dean do it with me a few times,” Castiel said and chuckled, laying back down onto the windshield. “Ain’t it funny how the night moves?” He mumbled softly to himself, trying to calm himself from even saying Dean’s name.
Since I try to make my stories as believable as possible, The Black Cord Binding Spell is a legit binding spell. However, I took it and twisted it a little for my own personal usage so that it will fit better in my story. If you don’t know, binding spells are generally used to prevent people from harming others. DO NOT follow my instructions on how to execute this spell. I wouldn’t recommend trying it unless you are familiar with magic already, it literally says this is a last resort spell. If you are a Pagan or a Wiccan and you want to use this spell, here is the link: http://witchesofthecraft.com/category/book-of-spells/banishingbinding-spells/. I repeat DO NOT follow my instructions, please, if you are going to do it, then follow the official instructions. Thank you :)
A few hours later, Dean was roused by a knock on the door. He glanced at Cas and saw bright blue eyes looking back at him.
“Yeah, I guess so.” Dean said, and couldn’t help but to add “Especially since both angels are down to ride.” He reached over and took Cas’ hand. “We’ll go get packed, meet at the Impala in what…an hour?” Sam scoffed.
“I mean you no harm at the present. I know that you three are not here to watch any ritual. Now, come inside and we can...” she paused for a second. “...talk.” She glanced at Cas and turned, clearing expecting for them to follow her inside the house. Dean glanced at his companions.
“I’m going to skin all of you alive!” She yelled, and stepped forward. The door flew open and there was the sound of a bottle breaking and someone was speaking Latin.
“More than okay.” he said, throwing an arm around the angel and tangling their legs together. Castiel smiled and returned his embrace, pressing a soft kiss to his lips.
As Dean turned into the small parking lot, he felt a hand on his thigh. He glanced at Castiel, gave him a quick smile, and then parked the car. In the next second, he had a lapful of Castiel. Dean kissed him back with a chuckle, reaching down to let the seat back to give them both more room.
“No, ma’am. But I do think this may be significant in helping us find you daughter. Have you told this to the police?” Cas asked. Amanda nodded.
Dean had never been the most patient man to begin with, and with Cas hanging in the balance his patience was wearing
"Oh!" Dean cried, his hands tightening to the point it almost hurt. But that was good. Castiel never minded hurting just a little bit. He and Dean had that in common. Maybe that was why they worked so well together.
(See the end of the chapter for
, the longer we wait, the more of a chance that she’s going to know we are here and then she’s going to bolt!” Dean gestured wildly. “We need to go look at that cabin
“Dean, oh, Dean.” Castiel moans, arching up and pulling Dean’s mouth down to his so he can kiss him sloppily. Dean returns the kiss, moving his hand to the space between them so he can grip Cas’ cock. He starts to jerk the angel off in time with his thrusts, still brushing Cas’ prostate and making the angel moan unabashedly, tossing his head from side to side.
Roughly ten minutes later, the three of them were standing on a busy street in Wisconsin. Dean looked a Gabriel.
“With who, Dean?” He asked, tilting his head in confustion. Dean shook his head.
“No, you don’t. That’s the problem, isn’t it? You don’t know that you are even doing anything wrong.” Dean sat down and put his head in his hands and heaved a sigh. Cas went around and knelt in front of Dean, clasping the man’s hands in his.
“I’m fine, Dean.” The angel said, looking up at Dean. He looked down to the thin sheet that covered him and then back up at Dean.
“What’s up?” he asks. Castiel hesitates. Dean has enough on his plate without adding Castiel’s unnecessary fears to it, with his mom being back and Lucifer being free and the British Men of Letters kidnapping and torturing his bother. He considers not answering at all, ignoring the man until he eventually gives up and goes back to watching how 9/11 was all an inside job.
“Because that would be too easy.” Sam said, barely paying any attention to Dean. “But you’re right.” Sam closed the laptop. “All I’m finding are anti-aging spells and spells that have to deal with some type of RPG.”
Castiel takes a deep breath, because he feels like an imbecile for admitting this. Because logic isn’t the primary factor. His own insecurity is. He hates admitting that he needs Dean to tell him that he is important to them. That he’s
“Do you know how to reverse it?” Sam asked eagerly. Andrew nodded.
“There are too many variables, Cas. Too many ‘what ifs’. I hate it, because I don’t know how we are going to stop her a second time. Chances are if she has gotten her powers back then binding her won’t work again.”
Christmas was going to be awesome this year.
“I know that.” Castiel said. “But I am…worried. I don’t want him to get hurt. I feel…I feel as though I am the big brother in this situation, and that I need to care for him.” Castiel turned towards Dean. “Does that make sense?”
“Take me to bed, Daddy. Fuck me so hard I can’t walk tomorrow.”  Dean cursed, and tightened his hands on Cas’ hips and pushed his boyfriend back against the sink. He moved his hands down to the back of Castiel’s thighs picked him up. The other man wrapped his legs around Dean’s waist eagerly, simultaneously putting his arms around Dean’s neck. Dean moved his hands again, this time to his boyfriend’s ass as he picked him up. Dean had to strain a little-he wasn’t as young as he used to be and Cas wasn’t exactly light
“I’ve grown accustom to being in presence constantly.” Cas whispered, his mouth teasing along Dean’s jaw. “I miss you when you aren’t there.” Dean couldn’t help but to smile. It felt good knowing Cas went through the same things he did. Dean looped his arms around Cas’ waist and pressed a kiss to his forehead.
Cas looked down. He looked back at Dean who was turned away, Sam who was determinedly
“Woah, Gabriel, since when have you been all ‘let’s do the right thing’? Aren’t you usually just out to save your own ass?” Gabriel shrugged.
The angel wasted no time. He kissed Dean softly, once, before moving his  mouth down Dean’s jaw and along his neck, leaving gentle kisses and small nips in his wake. He moved to his chest and all along his arms, mapping out Dean’s body with his mouth until he finally got to the place Dean wanted him the most. He sucked lightly on Dean’s hipbones as he unbuttoned his pants. More kisses were placed along Dean’s thighs and legs as the angel pulled the pants off, along with his underwear.
Dean felt Cas look up and then suddenly there was a hot, insistent press of lips against his own. Dean kissed him back, sliding his hand up and twisting it into his hair. There was an edge to the kiss, a slight desperation in the way Cas pressed up against him, like he was trying to make Dean believe that he was worthy of Cas’ love. Cas pushed him back until Dean felt his knees hit the bed and then he was on his back and Cas was straddling his thighs. The angel pulled back for a second and took a deep breath, before leaning in and capturing Dean’s lips in a kiss that was so soft and sensual that it left Dean’s head spinning. Cas’ hands changed as they moved over Dean’s body, touching, caressing him softly. Dean arched into the touch, moaning as Cas’ hands found their way under his shirt
“I’m attempting to engage in intercourse with you, Dean.” The angel said, looking confused at why the hunter had asked. Dean laughed and rolled over on top of his boyfriend.
Chapter 10: Sabriel
“I have found him.” Cas said, unnecessarily. Dean chuckled. He’s never going to get used to the angel.
“Y-yes.” Cas breathed, angling his neck up to give Dean better access. Dean’s only answer was to move his hands from Cas’ wrists to start unbuttoning his shirt. He kissed the angel’s chest once for every button he undid, following his slow progression down. Cas whimpered and arched his back, pressing closer to Dean.
If it will make you stop texting me, then yes. CN
“S’alright. You were just trying to protect your brother. I understand.” Dean sighed and changed the subject. “Where’s Sammy?” Gabriel shrugged, producing a lollipop from nowhere.
Once she was gone, all of the patrons turned to look at Castiel. Some looked sympathetic. Others, murderous. Disgusted. Castiel carefully set the pie back in the display and ducked out of the store, trying to make himself as small as possible.
“I can’t go in.” Dean turned his body towards the angel.
“Yes. Is he okay?” Dean asked, desperate.
"Oh. I'm sorry I woke you up, baby." Dean said.
admit that to anyone. Dean Winchester did not
“That’s my problem, too.” Sam agreed.
“Do you think we should? I mean, the witch will probably need Cas there to actually reverse the spell. But…” he hesitated “it could be dangerous to have him there.” Dean shook his head.
“So that’s why you kidnapped all those people.” He said, trying to keep her attention on him as Sam diligently worked at his bonds.
All of this might not have happened if he and Lisa hadn't gotten married so young. Before Dean had figured out what he truly was and what he truly wanted. And it wasn't Lisa. He loved her, sure, but it wasn't in the way he should. Not in the way his daddy had tried to beat into him when he found that copy of
Dean moaned and slipped his hands under Cas’ shirt as he pulled it off not bothering with the buttons. The angel stopped kissing him just long enough to allow Dean to get his shirt off, and then he was kissing him again, sweeping his tongue along Dean’s bottom lip and then plunging it into his mouth. Dean moved his hands from Castiel’s hips so that he could unbutton the angel’s pants. Once this was accomplished, Dean plunged his hand down said pants and started to palm at Castiel’s erection.
“So I assume we’re going?” Andrew asked, and Dean nodded. He sighed and turned around. “Speaking of, what did he do to Gabriel?” Sam’s jaw tightened and he nodded towards the bed where the archangel was still passed out.
“Come on, Cas, let’s go back inside.” Dean winked at the man and he turned away, shaking his head and mumbling. Dean led his angel back inside and shut the door before he burst into laughter.
Dean jumped up the moment he realized that Castiel had Lindsey in his arms. As Castiel laid her down, Dean pulled the bottle of Witch Molotov out of his jeans, and set it on fire. Just as he was positioned to throw it, it shattered in his hand.
Unlike Dean, Castiel liked to tease before he got down to the main event. He wrapped his hand around Dean's cock, stroking him slow and sure as he teased his slit with his tongue. He liked to make Dean desperate for it before he gave him what he wanted. Dean's eyes were already hooded, his hips twitching up in an aborted attempt to get more friction. It wouldn't take long before he begged.
"So I'm thinking we hit up some fast food joint and go park." Dean suggested, reaching over to put a hand on Castiel's thigh. Castiel took his hand, lacing their fingers together.
“Ready?” he asked, and Castiel nodded. Sam and Gabriel moved at the same time to climb into the back of the Impala, and Castiel went to the other side sliding into the front seat. The worst was over.
“I’m glad we’re on the same page, then.” Dean rumbles, his voice low. He moves back in for another kiss. “I’m always gonna need you, Cas.” He reiterates, making Castiel nod. “Always. You’re part of this family now. You’re never going to get rid of us.”
“No, we come up with a plan a stick to it.” Dean couldn’t help but roll his eyes.
The reply was almost instant.
“I don’t require sleep, and I don’t understand what my sleeping patterns have to do with homosexuality.” Castiel replied. Dean had moved to stand slightly off to the side, watching this with a smile on his face. He could tell his boyfriend was getting upset, though, so he figured he should step in. Soon. The guy was looking at Castiel like he was crazy.
“Are you here to kill me?” he whispered, his voice shaking. Dean shook his head.
Dean wanted to believe him, he really, really did. But he couldn’t bring himself to. Cas started riding him a little harder, as if he could sense Dean’s will weakening. Watching Cas ride him and jerk himself off at the same time was a dizzying experience, and Dean thought he could come from just that.
“Whatever.” Sam pushed himself up into a sitting position just in time to see Cas and Dean coming around the corner.
“I don’t know why.” he whispered. “I knew I had no room to talk, but I couldn’t keep the words from coming out. It was like…” Dean trailed off, thinking.
They stopped off at Gabriel and Sam’s old room first, since they hadn’t thought ahead and gotten the new room number from them. Dean was a little surprised that everyone else was already there. Sam and Gabriel were sitting in the same place as last night. Amanda was sitting in one of the other chairs and Andrew was passed out on the bed. There was a bag of what Dean assumed was breakfast on the table.
“I haven’t bound her because I can hide from her. But
“His name is Ash,” she said with a small smile as they started their normal descent down the semi busy street of where Castiel lived. “He’s really cool, has a mullet and everything.”
Didn’t he just make the comment that he shouldn’t be gawking?
“Nice to know you asked!” Dean called after his brother and shook his head. “He’s such a dweeb.” Castiel smirked and he looked down again.
“Can I help you?” He asked and Dean nodded. He looked down and moved his hips a little.
“Maybe you should close up the bar once and we can do it then.” Dean did his famous half smile and he pushed Castiel back against the passenger’s side door.
“Oh Charlie your hair looks gorgeous!” He said and reached out to play with the little bit of curl that she had. Charlie smiled and shrugged her shoulders.
“I don’t know if we’re going to fuck again though, he sort of pissed me off,” he murmured as he rubbed his arm. “Also, stop fucking hitting me. I’m not scared to punch a lesbian.” He leaned across the couch and shoved his fist against her arm. Charlie grabbed his wrist and cocked a brow.
“Honestly?” He asked, Charlie nodded. “I don’t know Miss Bradbury.” He leaned forward, crossing his arms over his chest. “I came back because I’m broke, and performing on that stage is the only thing I know what to do.”
“Is that your practice jersey?” He asked as he looked at Dean while he placed his own shoulder pads in his locker.
Castiel didn't look. Couldn't look, but just because he wasn't looking didn't mean he couldn't feel Dean climb out of bed. He was viewing a black abyss, but could clearly hear Dean shuffling around and getting dressed. He listened as Dean cursed under his breath and stomped toward the bedroom door. door. He flinched slightly when it was slammed expertly to signal the other man's departure.
“Why? Its not like I haven’t left with a few messy things.” Castiel gagged again and zipped his suitcase up.
“Sammy he’s not,” Dean started and Castiel cut him off.
“How did you think I got this body?” He asked. “I asked God really nicely?” The Novak felt Dean laugh against his skin and then he felt the hand retreating into his swim trunks. Castiel cocked a brow and pulled Dean away. “Little bit horny Dean? We just got here.”
“I don’t know, some serial killer that lives in the woods obviously,” he stated as he leaned over and pressed a kiss to Meg’s lips. She tugged him away and her cheeks turned bright red.
“Are we taping the show tonight?” He asked, raising a brow. Sam raised a brow, but he nodded.
“Well, he just came back from a three year stint at rehab.” Castiel nodded, and he listened to Beth, watching as the supposed Dean Winchester joked with his party and smiled like he had not a care in the world. Though, and he may have imagined this, he could have sworn their eyes met for wait felt like a minute.
“Well,” he said and he picked up all three books of Lord of the Rings. “If you like the Hobbit then you could also get these too. They’re written by Tolkien too.” Sam nodded again and he took those books from Castiel.
“I’m fine,” Castiel hissed as he looked at Dean with narrow eyes. “Does it look like my spikes have gotten any worse?” Dean clenched his jaw. Castiel was right, no matter if he did continue to nurse it, his spikes were still the same as always. They were good and he was still defending like a natural.
Dean let out a sigh and closed his eyes. Focus Dean, he thought as he placed his hands in between Castiel’s legs. He needed to focus, this was it. This was the starting point of the rest of the season. He was thankful that they were first, that they could have the bigger impact before the others could strike. His hands shook anxiously and he licked his chapped lips. “Green 57,” he barked as he wiggled his fingers again. “Green 57.” He opened his eyes and looked at the other team around him, some of the players were antsy and pumping their legs, others were completely at ease and waiting for the signal. “Hut.” The ball was tossed into his hands and he gripped it tightly. He moved away from Castiel and watched as boys clashed together in front of him. He stared out into the field, he was supposed to throw down to Garth or Ash, but neither of them were there. He searched quickly and saw no one in sight. Time was running out, he needed to get rid of the ball, he could run, no one looked too threatening and Castiel had gotten the main concern for Dean.
“We’re just having fun,” he said and even then, it hurt to say the words. He was fine with it though, Castiel had to be fine with it. He couldn’t afford to not be fine with it. The Novak was leaving once summer was over and he wasn’t going to turn back. That was the plan. “We’re not dating or anything, just,” he looked over at Dean, seeing his somewhat shocked face. “Having fun.” Castiel walked away from the other, slipping into the passenger seat of the car and leaning back in. When Dean slipped into the other side his eyes were on Castiel’s for a moment before he looked away. Castiel couldn’t get comfortable, he had to keep telling himself that he couldn’t get used to this.
“I do, and Castiel is a weird name,” she commented and he rolled his eyes. Yes he understood that his name was weird, but did every single person he met here have to make some weird comment about it?
“Yes,” she replied and she nodded. “Yes he does. Every summer he comes, gets some cash for Sam’s college and then leaves after sleeping around silly.” Castiel continued to shake his head even though Dean completely looked like the type of person. He was attractive, and god did Castiel know that. He had a nice well shaped body with hard muscles and his ass, still the best thing that Castiel has gotten to look at. He sighed.
“We should,” Dean started as his eyes moved around to look at Castiel’s face. “We should go back to the party.” He moved to tugged Castiel’s hands away from his waist and already Dean could feel himself sobering up. Castiel nodded and shifted uncomfortably so that he could roll out from underneath Dean.
“Oh you know, the service is really great,” he said as he sipped at his rum and coke. Dean had passed by and Castiel’s eyes wandered to his ass again, but Meg didn’t seem to notice.
“Hey, are you on Earth mate?” Someone with a thick accent asked and Castiel blinked a few times, trying to feign the tears from his eyes.
“Football related, you told me to see a doctor so that you wouldn’t lose your center,” Castiel quickly retorted as he clenched his jaw. “Because god forbid you get someone who you don’t like, like Gordon or someone else.” Dean ripped his helmet off too.
“You bit through your lip?” He asked with a smirk. Castiel rolled his eyes and pushed Dean off of him.
“I’ll go with you,” Castiel said as he sat down at the bar. Watching as Dean poured a glass of brandy for someone farther down form the two of them. Dean cocked a brow, and kept a serious face, even though a smile was evading his lips.
“I’ll take a rum and coke,” he said and the woman nodded before looking towards Charlie.
“Dammit Sam I might just leave you in Omaha if you keep talking about my health. You’re my kid brother, not my doctor,” he said, sipping his soda. “If I wanted to be reminded of my health I would have brought along Dr. Devereaux, because he is such a big ball of sunshine.” Which was a complete lie. Devereaux did his job, but he liked to insult Dean as he did it. It wasn’t a problem, he got Dean to drop the bottle, and he made him stay away from it. So Dean thanks him for that, he just wished he had better bedside manner.
“So talking to me really does make you sick huh?”
“Bad idea.” They both laughed and went back to paying attention to the movie.
Dean stood up as well, and he walked over to stand beside Bobby. He’d missed most of the conversation lost in his own thoughts, but he knew what he wanted to say. “We’ll just have to try harder next week. This is only one game. We’re not going to be out of the play offs just by losing one game. So we’ll work harder, we’ll practice our drills, and we will be ready against the Vampires next week. Don’t lose touch with what we’ve got going.” Dean looked at Castiel. “Don’t give up what we’ve got. It just needs some fixing and some adjustments.” He watched Castiel look away, arms across his chest. Maybe that was a good thing? Maybe they could work through this?
Winchester got down in his position behind Castiel and he slipped his hands between his legs. He licked his lips and let out a long sigh. “Blue 72,” he called and he looked down the right and left side of the field. “Blue 72.” The ball was snapped into Dean’s hand, and just as he was about to throw to Ash, there was a bulky Leviathan tackling him to the ground for a sack. Dean grunted and tried to control himself from the anger that flowed into him. When the whistles were blown and the Leviathan got off of him Dean was bristling. He went straight to Castiel, because this was the first time that Castiel had ever missed tackling someone. “What the fuck was that Novak?” Dean pushed Castiel, and in return the center shoved at Dean.
“This is really good, and I like the name. I thought you were just doing that as an album name.” Dean shook his head.
Dean barked a laugh and shook his head. “Fuck you Novak.” He made his descent out to the field and took his place behind Castiel. He placed his mouth guard on his teeth and got into his stance. Dean wiggled his fingers anxiously and clicked his tongue. Michael took his position across from Castiel and Dean licked his lips. “Red 33,” he barked through his mouth guard, he rolled his tongue across it and smiled at Michael, trying to show that he wasn’t scared of him. “Red 33.” He clenched his jaw and let out a breath. “Hut.” The ball was placed into his hand and he stepped back and away from Castiel who had sprung up onto Michael and pushed him away from Dean. The quarterback moved his hands around to slip the ball to the side and felt as Gordon’s hands slid across it. He let the ball go and took another step back as a slender number fifty-three gripped him by the sides and dropped him to the ground. He let out a grunt and struggled against the player, but he stayed where he was causing Dean to thrash slightly when the whistles were blown.
When the class was over Castiel didn’t even stay an extra second, his stuff was packed up and he was out the door in a single moment. Dean could practically feel the breeze from the other boy moving so fast. The Winchester wasn’t sure if he should be concerned that maybe he didn’t want to talk to Dean when it didn’t pertain to class. He shook his head and stood up, deciding that he should probably meet back up with Tessa. Dean walked down the hallway, catching the tail end of Castiel’s bright blue sweater vest, and eventually was back at the English room. Tessa walked over to him and smiled brightly.
“A very religious name,” he said and he shook his head. “Listen, it was nice meeting you Sam, but I have to go check out this book and I shouldn’t stop you from your quest of finding the comic book section.” Sam frowned but nodded.
Dean grabbed a water bottle, and he shot some liquid in his mouth before heading back out onto the field, ready for another play.
“I’m not a whore,” Dean hissed and he reached out for Castiel again, which is turn only made the man back away. “Cas I’m not a whore, sure I’ve slept around, but that doesn’t make me a whore.” Castiel rolled his eyes.
“I love you too Dean,” he said calmly, as if he hadn’t just taken their arrangement to a completely different level. Dean’s gaze shot over to him, his hand gripping Castiel’s roughly. Castiel shifted and leaned towards Dean. “Its okay if you don’t say it. I really do understand.” He smiled warmly as he saw the other boy relax. “I just want you to know that I love you. I do, and leaving you is going to be hell, but I have to do it.”
Castiel whistled softly as he slung his messenger bag over his shoulder. He was supposed to go to room 302 and discuss some class changes with his academic advisor. He hadn’t done so though, deciding to check out the campus. Castiel had just recently shown up and he still didn’t know the area all that well. Maybe he could find a few new friends if he checked out the coffee shop right off the corner of campus, or if he went to the bowling alley down the street. He wasn’t sure though. The young Novak felt the burning paper in his pocket, how it begged to be sent. Castiel couldn’t send it though, because he didn’t even have Dean’s address. Dean had probably long since left the Roadhouse, and he didn’t feel all that great about sending it to the bar and having the owners read it and not approve.
“I’m sorry,” Dean breathed shyly as he looked down at Castiel, moving them so that the Novak was pressed against a tree. “I’m sorry for pissing you off.” Castiel shook his head and tugged at Dean’s shirt.
Castiel’s breath caught in his throat. His mouth was so dry, and he felt as if he was going to burst into flames. Hands were scaling up his sides; warm hands, calloused hands, hands that had probably never felt what lotion was. Castiel reached his hands out, tangling them in short hair. His eyes were closed, there was no way in hell he was going to open his eyes. He was too scared to, too ashamed to open his eyes and see something that he wasn’t supposed to be enjoying. Castiel didn’t want to feel so aroused and hot because hands of a man were touching him. That was wrong, it was so wrong. He’d been taught that, been told and had it shoved down his throat. Don’t love a man like your idiot of a brother Castiel, don’t ever be a disgrace like Inias.
“Well I do, a lot actually.” He closed up his locker and slung his bag over his shoulder. “So am I taking you to my house?”
“Yes olive oil,” he said with a furrow of his brow. Dean laughed again and he took the oil. “Is that a problem?” Castiel cocked a brow and watched as Dean shook his head.
He should leave.
“Yeah, the name of the album is going to be called Turn the Page.”
“Who is that?” He asked, pointing to the gentleman that seemed to be receiving some sort of interview. Beth turned to look and her eyes went wide. It reminded Castiel of a deer in headlights, but he didn’t dare say a word about it.
“Yeah, about that,” Dean said and Castiel felt like he had just been stabbed in the gut. Was Green Eyes fucking serious? Did Castiel just wait outside a fucking bar for thirty minutes to be rejected? Did he just seriously pace back and forth around a car that he didn’t even know for sure was Green Eyes’ to be turned down. “Your place or mine?” Relief flooded through him and he smirked.
“I slept well,” he said and smiled. “What about you? Did you sleep well?” He was wondering now, were they going to be sharing a bed? He’d never actually shared a bed with a man, just for the actual sleeping part.
Dean clears his throat, the tour bus is blazing with the summer heat, and he wished for one moment that he had a god damn drink. The kind of drink that made him get a little mean, and even a little depressed sometimes. A drink that made him forget about everything that had gone wrong in his life, or his entire life if he wanted to be serious. Dean stopped his thoughts though when he flicked his gaze to see Sam fanning himself with a stray paper plate, a book in his hands. The older brother smirked a little before going to look back out the window. He was tense, it had been so long since he had been on a stage, out in front of people, singing. Dean was scared that no one would like him, would like the new and ‘improved’ Dean Winchester. What if they liked the singer that trashed hotel rooms, slept with whoever he pleased, and cussed out paparazzi every time they came around? What would he do then? Probably go back to a bottle, though Sam kept assuring him that he still had fans. That he had people who would love him no matter how he acted.
The result though, was not what either of them expected. Dean laughed as he was pulled down because he completely knew it was going to happen. He let it happen though, his body colliding down with Castiel’s. As he was falling both of their eyes grew wide as their mouths smashed together resulting in a kiss. Dean’s arms were braced on either side of Castiel and the other boy’s hands going to rest on Dean’s hips. They stayed like this for a few seconds, their lips pressed together, little sparks of electricity coursing through them. Castiel eventually pushed forward though, his hands going to wrap around Dean’s waist, his fingers balling into fists with Dean’s flannel. He closed his eyes and Dean did as well, returning the kiss eagerly and moving his hand to cup Castiel’s cheek. Something rumbled up in both of their bodies while they were collided together, each of them let out a soft breathy moan and intertwining their tongues in perfect synchronization.
“You!” Dean replied as he copied Ash’s expression, his hand springing out. “Great catch.” He laughed and Ash laughed too.
“Dammit Dean, give them back.” he hissed and stuck his bottom lip out. “Give them back.”
He shook those thoughts away almost immediately though as his eyes met the unbelievably emerald of the other. “What can I get you?” The man asked and holy fucking shit Castiel felt like he would orgasm right there. He never knew that a man’s voice could be so deep, so dripping with sexual desire. It was his normal fucking voice, it was normal for the other man and it made Castiel physically tremble. He cocked a brow at Green Eyes, deciding that it sounded like a good nickname, and felt his mouth dry up. How could he nicely say that he wanted the other man to take him to the bathroom and fuck his brains out? There wasn’t one. Castiel watched as Green Eyes tilted his head to the side in a questioning manner and then licked his lips. Fuck Green Eyes, fuck him and his tongue darting out and wetting his lips. His perfectly shaped and chapped lips. “Alright, well you think of something and I’ll be back.”
Castiel yawned as he rubbed at his eyes. He was shivering lightly from the crisp morning air and he wanted nothing more than to curl back up in bed and fall back asleep. He couldn’t though. Charlie said she was coming to visit, and said she would be arriving early Monday morning. Castiel hadn’t gotten much sleep the night before, Balthazar having stayed over. They didn’t get intimate or have sex, because whenever Castiel even got close to the other he just had flashes of Dean. He couldn’t handle it right now, even though it was almost winter.
“Oh come on,” Dean groaned as he pushed Castiel farther off of the log and rolled his eyes. “I don’t just start stating truths and dark personal secrets when I’m drunk.” He chuckled lightly and sipped at his beer. “Apparently I call everyone bitch. So spill bitch.” Castiel rolled his eyes and took a drink of his beer.
“I asked you if I was ever going to met Green Eyes or if he was just going to stay an air of mystery,” the scarlet haired girl said as she crossed her arms over her chest.
“Looks like it’s going to rain,” he said and Balthazar shrugged his shoulders.
When they were seated in Balthazar’s car and Castiel had given him directions to the laundry mat, Castiel had settled back into his seat. He sighed, blinking and looking out the window as the radio played slowly in the background. Balthazar didn’t talk much as they drove, and Castiel was okay with that. He wasn’t even sure how he was supposed to make conversation. Not when the only thing that was on his mind was someone he wasn’t going to see again. When a clarinet noise slipped into Castiel’s ears he frowned deeply. It, it was the song that Dean and he had listened to in the camper. It was the song that Castiel could never really get out of his head. A moment later and he felt tears pricking his eyes. He rubbed at his face, and that was when Balthazar spoke.
“Fine,” Dean grumbled as he took a sip of his Gatorade and licked his lips. “Are you going to the party tonight at Ash’s?” He cocked his head to the side, more to crack his neck than question Castiel further.
“Nah, never sleep well before I have to take a long drive,” he said as they reached his car. Dean grabbed the other’s bag and hoisted it into the spacious trunk of the car. “I probably won’t get any sleep tonight either will I?” Dean raised a brow and then smirked, making Castiel blush slightly.
“Yeah I was,” he said and he grasped his book a little tighter. “I’ll see you in the morning Gabriel.” He kissed his brother’s cheek then disappeared into his room, shutting the door behind him. Castiel plopped down onto his bed, thinking about the fact that he didn’t even get Green Eyes’ name, and he clenched his jaw. “Where was I?” He flipped through the pages of the book and eventually found the spot he was on.
“I can’t,” he said and Charlie raised a brow.
“Check,” Dean spoke softly into the microphone, his eyes on the sound guy up a few rows from him in the stands. His eyes squinted as he watched the guy, turning a few knobs, flicking a few switches. “Check, check.” Suddenly his voice was ringing out through the arena, and Dean felt his stomach drop. This was happening, Dean was actually going to sing in front of an overcrowded arena again. He swallowed thickly and he closed his eyes. His hands were shaking and he cursed a little under his breath. In return it reverberated throughout the empty seats and Dean sighed. Yeah. A nice tall bottle of bourbon would be nice right about now.
“Hey Sam, you alright with me coming?” He asked and Sam nodded.
Dirt flew, mud was made from the day before’s slight drizzle. Dean was on the side lines and it was the last few moments of the game. They were up by seven and Dean was beaming with excitement.  He continued to pace back and forth and god he just wished he had a ball in his hand. His fingers twitched nervously and he couldn’t help but look behind him and have his eyes met his girlfriend’s.
“Wherever is fine with me,” he replied and watched as Green Eyes smiled.
“Oh shush it Meg,” Tessa said as she turned and looked at Castiel’s girlfriend. “Don’t you kiss Cassie in public?”
Dean just stared at Castiel. Didn’t look at Bobby, and he didn’t care if he looked weird just blatantly looking at the guy. He wanted Castiel to know that he was pissed. That they should have fucking won this game. He wanted to give the guy a piece of his mind. Not now though. Now he needed to be a Captain.
“Oh you think you’re my best friend?” Dean said as he cocked a brow. “No see you’re the guy that everyone follows into the woods to take advantage of. :
It was the summer of 1980, Castiel fixed his glasses, pushing them up the bridge of his nose as he wrinkled it and picked up another book. Gabriel had told him to go to the library, told him that the library had air conditioning and books. ‘You like books Cassie, so why don’t you go check some out and maybe get to know some people,’ were his exact words to the young Novak. Castiel had agreed though he thought the idea of meeting someone in this town was a stupid idea. They were only here for the summer because Gabriel had gotten a job working and cropping wheat for some guy with too many teeth missing and a gaze that made Castiel uncomfortable. The Novak’s were going to leave once the summer was over so what was the purpose of meeting someone? Castiel clenched his jaw and read the back of the book, skimming over the summary and deciding that he didn’t want it. He shoved it back into place and then walked out of the historical biographies to the science fiction section. He always enjoyed a good read about extraterrestrials and the like. He started with the As and picked up the first one he saw.
The Novaks’ apartment was small, it had two bedrooms, a bathroom, a small living area and the kitchen which was where the front door was located. There was a small balcony, but besides that it was really nothing special. Castiel liked that, small living areas when there weren’t that many people living together. It fit both him and Gabriel and that was enough.
“Sorry,” he said and bit the inside of his mouth. “Dean asked me to go on vacation with him.” He looked over at Charlie and had been expecting a punch to his shoulder, instead though the fiery red head just stared at him with wide eyes.
“Yeah, they did,” she said and that did nothing to clear things with Castiel and make things simple. “Every year they come for the summer because Ellen, the owner of the Roadhouse, gives Dean a job bartending.” That still made no sense to Castiel. He cocked his head to the side and narrowed his eyes.
“Cum for me Cas.” The words were hot against his neck, and Castiel opened his eyes to stare up at his ceiling. “I know you want to.” He felt Dean’s lips, then his teeth, and he let go of his cock almost immediately so he could pull at Dean’s hair instead.
“Love you to come with me,” he said as he tossed away his trash.
They seemed to move in sync after that. Castiel canted forward while Dean lifted him up. He grabbed on to strong shoulders as he felt the head of Dean’s cock press against him. The stretch was rough, but Castiel honestly didn’t mind the burn. Not when that was the thing he’d been craving all evening.
“Okay,” he said and took a step backwards. “Maybe I’ll see you around town Castiel.” Castiel smiled and nodded.
“Me too,” he mumbled and slicked his fingers up, leaning down to press soft kisses against Castiel’s stomach, making the Novak croon and moan out for the other. A few moments later and Castiel felt Dean’s finger intruding, pressing up into him and bringing that mix of pain and pleasure along with it. He moaned softly, hands going to grasp at Dean’s shoulders, fingers digging in.
“Oh nothing,” she said with a bright smile. “Just wondering what happened with Green Eyes last night.” Castiel chuckled and rolled his eyes.
Castiel couldn’t stand the guy. He had run into Dean a few times on the athletic field, but every time they’ve interacted it had never been good. Dean was utterly childish because every time that they came across one another he tried to race Cas. He was always a sore loser too. Though he still acted like the sun rose just for him or some shit, and he was the best thing since sliced bread. It would be just his luck that his ass was the nicest thing Castiel had seen all night.
“I’m sorry,” he said with a frown and he watched as the other boy matched his expression. “I’m afraid that I don’t really know where anything is. I just got into this town only a few days ago.” Castiel watched as the kid looked down, but he nodded.
“Should I?” Castiel looked at her again, watching as she pulled up a flyer from underneath the counter. Beth handed it to him and he glanced down at it. “Okay, so he’s some singer. So?” Beth just rolled her eyes, and Castiel could feel he wasn’t going to wait any tables any time soon. Not when Beth learned that he didn’t know who this supposed Dean Winchester was. It wasn’t like Castiel was given the opportunity to learn about celebrities or anything of that nature. The only famous person he knew about was God, and maybe his son Jesus, but that was it.
“Why?” He asked as he pouted slightly. Meg smiled and rolled her eyes.
“I haven’t,” Castiel remarked and Gabriel laughed.
“Get my cock ready and I will.”
“Fuck Cas!” She breathed and then she let out a loud laugh. “You’re actually being boned by Winchester!” She laughed again and Castiel cocked a brow.
“What happened?” Bartholomew asked, as Castiel rushed down to look at Samandriel. The kid had been shot in the eye, his other one just blankly staring at the sky. Castiel pressed two fingers against Samandriel’s neck, but he knew it was futile. The kid was dead. Fuck. Sure, Castiel hadn’t gotten close with him, but he always seemed keen on talking to Castiel. He always asked questions when they were at base camp, and they’d shared night duty a few times. That was it though, and Samandriel had basically only been in the group for two months.
“I do,” he whispered and he stopped moving, hips pressed against Castiel and cock fully inside of him. “It tickles.” Castiel’s breath caught as he tried to take all of Dean in, to relax his entire body, because there was no way that he would decline having Dean’s cock in him. Dean started to pull out and Castiel clenched around him, causing Dean to stutter and push back in. “Oh fuck Cas.” A small moan escaped him and Castiel shook his head.
“Dean?” Charlie asked with a cocked brow as they sat down on his couch, flipping on the TV and catching the tail end of The Beverly Hillbillies episode that Castiel seen for an unknown amount of times. “Don’t tell me you mean Dean Winchester.” She glared at Castiel and he just shrugged his shoulders.
“Of course this is what I want,” he said and pulled Dean down for a slow, sensual kiss. It was unlike any other that Castiel had ever had. It was delicate and emotional, and Castiel sort of never wanted it to end. “You’re all that I want Dean.” He ran his hand delicately over the other’s stubbly cheek. “All of it.” Dean nodded and he bit the inside of his mouth shyly as he looked at his lover.
,” Castiel moaned, and that seemed to do something to Dean. He moved his hand to stroke himself in time with the rough thrusts that were causing the entire bed to shake. “
Bright green eyes, the greenest he had ever seen. Brighter than Charlie’s, brighter than Sam’s. Brighter than everything in the entire planet, and definitely more beautiful than anything he had ever seen. The eyes were speckled around with light brown freckles that wrapped around the man’s cheeks and slipped down his neck. Castiel could only assume that they were probably peppered along every inch of his body. The man’s jaw was wide and sculpted and he was just so stunningly beautiful. He was so beautiful and Castiel hadn’t even seen a smile from him. He’d only seen the nod and then watched as he disappeared under the counter, probably retrieving a drink of some kind. The blue eyed man immediately took a seat at the bar and he waited patiently for the man to rise up again. To present him with the most stunningly beautiful sight in the world. He licked his lips and felt his entire body tremble with anticipation. Never before had Castiel ever been so stricken with a man at first glance. Usually he could say attractive and then chat them up, but never did he feel the need to leap across a bar and smash against him. Never had he felt like he just needed to strip off the entirety of his clothes and just ask the man to touch him. Fuck he didn’t even know his name and he was fantasizing about him.
“You were a boy scout Sammy,” he said and he looked over at Castiel, looking him up and down as if study a never before seen creature. “Didn’t they teach you how to make a fire in boy scouts?”
“If it does then it does, nothing special.” Castiel frowned. The rain was very special, it was the thunder and the rain that reminded him of the camper. Of the droplets hitting that little metal beauty. The sounds of Dean’s breathing next to his own. It was the most important thing to Castiel right now. He sighed and looked over to Balthazar.
“Being Catholic has nothing to do with it,” Castiel said as he looked at Dean and brushed his fingers through his brown unruly hair. “Having strict parents who think that I’m going to be staying at your house have everything to do with it.” He sipped at his drink and Dean rolled his eyes.
“Oh please I’ve seen plenty of cars in my lifetime, just because I live in the city doesn’t mean I walk everywhere.”
Castiel’s thoughts and stroking was interrupted when there was a knock on his door. “Cassie,” Gabriel said as he cracked open his brother’s door. Castiel shuffled around quickly, grabbing his pillow from underneath him and placing it over his erect cock. His brother smiled and opened the door wider to show Charlie. “You have a visitor.” Which is exactly what Castiel didn’t want. He smiled tiredly at Charlie and reached over to slip his glasses on.
“Yeah Dean?”
"Make sure he doesn't get too drunk," Meg said with a smile as she walked backwards, following Tessa. "He has to be presentable to his parents." Dean nodded and the second Meg turned around Castiel had thrusted his beer into Dean's chest.
He showers slowly, ignoring the scars on his chest. They only made him remember. As he looked down at the water, watching it slosh down the drain, he sees a murky brown pour down for a few moments before it’s clear again. Castiel should probably see someone for his condition, but who the hell could fix him? He was just another soldier for no one to worry about. As he exits the shower he sighs, grabbing his clothes and heading out.  He grabs his name tag off the dresser and clips it to his somewhat dirty shirt. Castiel doesn’t dare look at the mirror before he leaves, just runs a tired hand through his hair and heads out. There was never any need to look in a mirror. He knew what he looked like, he didn’t need the reminders of his time in Vietnam, and those just happened to be on his cheeks and forehead.
“Because we’re not dating,” Dean argued as he himself furrowed his brow. “We’re not dating, we’re not friends, we’re just fucking each other for pure pleasure.” Castiel could feel the edge in Dean’s voice and he rolled his eyes.
“And what is so wrong with that?” He asked and Green Eyes laughed.
“Yeah? Well I gotta look at your face all day, how else am I supposed to react,” he replied, and this time Gabriel rolled his eyes, chuckling a little.
Dean thought as the class started and he watched as Castiel slipped his hand into the small bag he carried with him and slipped on some glasses. The Winchester’s eyes grew wide.
The warm air hit his cheeks and he trembled a bit as he was reminded of the jungle, of the shit covered stakes and the napalm ridden soldiers. Castiel took out his cigarettes, popping one in quickly and lighting up without a second thought. His nerves diminished with each inhale, and as he arrived at the diner he was relieved that he wasn’t shaking anymore.
Dean and Castiel didn’t get very far before the green eyed man couldn’t take it anymore. He grasped Castiel’s hand and the next thing Castiel knew he was being shoved up against a bookshelf with a grunt. “Dean,” he breathed and his hands went to wrap themselves around Dean’s neck. The other man responded with grasping the back of Castiel’s thighs, signaling him to wrap his legs around him. Castiel quickly reacted and licked his lips, watching Dean do the same. He chuckled and then his breath caught as Dean started to attack his neck, Castiel’s legs moved quickly to wrap around Dean and he was hoisted a little farther up the bookshelf.
“Yes I do, and I think it would be better for both of us if we didn’t talk about it in such a public place,” he said as the barmaid sat their drinks down. Castiel smiled and thanked her then went back to looking at Charlie. “So I rather enjoyed reading J.R.R. Tolkien’s books. I’ve read all of the Lord of the Rings along with the Hobbit.” Charlie nodded, noticing the change in subject and smiled as she sipped her coke.
“No he doesn’t. He loves to have sex with me,” he commented and Sam shook his head. The younger Winchester stood up, and a second later he sat down in the chair beside Castiel.
It was wobbly, trying to stand, and Castiel was about to give up when he fell on his ass for the second time. Dean was all smiles and he helped Castiel up each time. “I never thought I could have that much of an impact on someone,” he said with a smirk and Castiel rolled his eyes.
“We have talked,” Castiel said as he tapped his foot anxiously. He knew that was a lie, but what was he supposed to say? When he looked at Dean he didn’t want to talk, he just wanted to sit in silence because what they did over the weekend was something that was definitely wrong. He liked it and god it tore him up inside to say that he liked it. He wasn’t supposed to like it. He wasn’t supposed to think about the feeling of Dean’s lips on his own when he was in the shower, or when he was working on his Biology notes. Castiel is a fucking man and it made him absolutely sick to his stomach that he kept thinking about Dean like that.
“Never,” he breathed and climbed into the camper. “Again will I volunteer to leave so you guys can screw. I’m soaked!” Sam groaned, not even bothering to look at his brother who was naked and tangled up with Castiel. The Novak blushed softly and Dean chuckled.
“I’d rather not talk about it okay?” He looked over at Dean and for a second and Dean thought he saw something in Castiel’s eyes, but it changed and he looked back up at the board. Mrs. Broton had started her lesson and Dean watched as Castiel went into class mode. The other boy had started to write down notes, every so often looking up and scrunching his nose. Dean leaned back in his chair. There was no way he was going to be taking notes, especially when he could just copy off of Castiel later.
“Cassie,” Charlie deadpanned and she sighed. “Do you want to go away with him for the weekend?” Castiel looked down and he nodded. “Then go, that is the best advice I can give you. If you guys finally split apart whatever it is that you have, then you do. That’s life.” Castiel bit the inside of his mouth and he nodded.
“I know,” he mumbled, his voice a little horse, as if he’d just swallowed a rock. “I know, I’m not going to tie you down.” Castiel leaned forward to kiss Dean a little shyly, trying to show that he meant every word. “You need to have a life.”
"Are you getting drunk?" Castiel asked as he looked up at Dean, his cheeks tinged pink.
Castiel sat down in the lawn chair as Sam crouched over the fire ring, trying to light up the wood. He was sat snugly in the chair and shoved his hands into his pockets. “So what’s for dinner?” He asked as he adjusted his glasses. The Novak was dressed in a pair of sweats and his track team hoodie. Dean looked over at Castiel and he smirked, reaching out for the other’s hand as if it didn’t mean something. Castiel clenched his jaw and looked over at Sam, trying to hide the blush that naturally sprung to his cheeks.
“Fuck D-” Castiel stammered, and barely noticed a stutter in the thrust as well. “Fuck me.” Dean grunted then, as if offended by what Castiel was saying, and grabbed Castiel’s hips as tightly as he could.
“Because your eyes haven’t left an inch of my body since you saw me.”
“I,” Castiel started, pushing off the fence and twisting around so that he too could lean up against it. He had been cautious not to put his whole weight on it, scared the wood couldn't take it. “I may have a place.”
“Well, try again,” Castiel said as he placed his mouth guard back into his mouth. He mumbled something, but the mouth guard made it completely inaudible. He bent back down into his stance and Dean followed behind, placing his hands in between Castiel’s legs again. He looked around at the players on the other team. Zachariah, Gabriel, Raphael, Leo, Balthazar, Uriel, and finally Michael. Michael, the one player that made Dean actually quiver with a slight fear, not that he would admit that. He took a deep breath, out of practice and sucked on his bottom lip. Its only the second play Dean, don't let that dude distract you. He swallowed thickly and called out another play, same as before, he was suppose to throw. The angels had a strong defense, but it was more angled toward blocking carriers than tackling catchers. The ball touched his hand and he took his step back. He gripped it tightly, bringing the ball up to his face.
“My brother will have a coffee and a bacon cheeseburger,” Sam responded, which caused Dean to realize that he and the kid had been staring at each other for several moments.
“Alright,” he mumbled and kissed the top of Castiel’s head. Dean moved away and stripped off his shirt. Castiel’s eyes glazed over as he watched Dean, instantly becoming entranced by the other’s body. The older Winchester noticed and he looked over at Castiel. “Getting a good look Cas?” Castiel blushed deeply and looked away, searching for his swim trunks. He found them, the deep blue short trunks and then started to strip the clothing off himself. This time it was Dean’s turn to stare.
“Fine,” he said and he followed behind Castiel. “When’s he going to be here?” Just as luck would have it, the door emanated a wrapping noise, causing Castiel to walk over to it
“Nothing, I can just tell by looking at you that you’re used to trolleys and big buildings, not one story bars and actual cars,” he said and Castiel rolled his eyes.
“You’re right, I mean,” he smiled and looked at Charlie. “We have an expiration date anyways. I leave for college in the middle of August.” The red head frowned.
Castiel smiled around Dean’s cock and he sped up, taking Dean fully into his mouthing, taking him all and then sucking in to create a tight space. Dean shook and his hips thrusted forward, causing Castiel to gag and pull back some. The other man though continued to thrust into Castiel’s mouth, moaning and picking up pace as he did so. Castiel’s hands moved to grasped his thighs and he just let Dean fuck into his mouth. “Oh fuck Cas,” he moaned and his cock shoved deep into Castiel’s mouth one last time, the come shooting out and filling Castiel’s mouth and making him gag again. Castiel opened his mouth slightly and felt Dean’s come slip from his mouth and trail down his chin. He groaned and felt Dean push into him a few more times before his cock went limp and he pulled away. C
“You were about to find out before you so rudely interrupted me.”
“I love you,” he breathed out softly and arched his back up as he felt Dean’s hands wrap around Castiel’s cock. “Oh fuck.” Castiel smirked widely and looked down to see his lover’s smirking face. The question was now if they were more than lovers? They had just declared their love for each other. Did that mean long distance? Did it mean that Dean would follow Castiel to California? Castiel wasn’t sure, but when Dean pressed soft kisses to his neck he didn’t out rightly care. “I love you.”
“I’m not gorgeous,” he mumbled and Meg rolled her eyes. She grabbed her drink from the bar and then walked off. Castiel looked over at Dean and he saw the other’s expression. “What? I’m not gorgeous.” Dean chuckled and he shook his head.
“Cas?” Dean asked and Castiel blinked several times before looking at Dean.
“God, PDA is very unnecessary,” a girl’s voice called out from behind them and Dean turned to see Meg, brown curls being tucked behind her ear.
“I wouldn’t exactly call this Californian life,” he said, Charlie rolling her eyes.
"We'll have to play together," Tessa said with a smile as she looked back at Meg. "I'm always into winning against the boys who think they're so good." Meg smiled back and that was when Dean pulled the group to the crackling fire in the distance.
"Great," he said as he looked over to the chain gang moving the markers farther down the field, only a few yards, but they at least got the first down. He stood up and watched Michael practically growl at him before walking back to his own side of the field. "I can't believe you were friends with him."
“Jeeze. I didn’t think you’d jump,” Dean remarked with an easy smile. “Don’t lose your drink there.”
"Hey De," Tessa said with a smile as all of them continued to get pure enjoyment from Castiel's face as he continued to sio shyly at his beer. "Meg and I are going to play pong." She pressed a kiss to Dean's lips.
“Sammy!” A voice barked. No, no, no. Fuck no was this about to happen. “Sammy did you take my wallet?” Castiel was frozen in place. It was Green Eyes, no doubt about it because he could pick his voice out anywhere. It was Green Eyes and Castiel had no idea what he was supposed to do. He pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose and looked down, staring at a cover of a book that he couldn’t even process what it said. Sam turned around and backed up to Castiel some.
“Only sometimes,” Castiel said with a shrug as he looked back at his notebook, opening it up and starting to write notes. “I mean, I usually wear them for school because I have trouble seeing the board.” Dean nodded, that made sense why he would never wear them otherwise. They looked goofy in a sense; they were thick rimmed and seemed to cover up half of his face, but didn’t make him seem any less attractive.
“Cas,” Dean said as Sammy ran past the Novak. “Man are you always in the clouds?” He smirked and looked around the campsite before pulling Castiel against his body. Dean leaned down and connected their lips, making their bodies sway somewhat. Castiel sighed against Dean’s mouth and pressed against him, pushing him against the car. “Want,” he mumbled and started to press light kisses to Castiel, shifting down to kiss and nip at his neck “To go swimming?” Castiel pulled away from Dean and sucked a lip into his mouth. He nodded and Dean smiled, pressing a soft kiss before shifting away again.
“Do you happen to like Bob Seger?” He asked and Balthazar chuckled. Castiel raised a brow and tilted his head to the side.
Shit.
“Oh it’s fine honey, you have to apologize to Andrew,” she said with a warm smile, which Castiel returned. He was so thankful for Beth. He’d come into the diner a few months prior looking for a job, and the second she saw Castiel’s scars she handed him an apron. Ever since then his health has been improving, and he can thank Beth’s maternal instincts. “You’re waiting tables today. I got Drew in the kitchen.” Castiel nodded and walked around the counter to tie his apron on. His eyes flicked over to the man that had been previously staring at him and he nudged Beth.
“Like what?” Dean’s brow raised slightly, but the smile had remained.
Castiel was surprised by the lips he felt against his own, his body shifting some so that he could kiss Dean with a little more passion. Fireworks were exploding inside of Castiel and he was coming after the green eyed man’s tongue hungrily slipped into his mouth. “Dean,” he moaned in a muffle as the man’s tongue rolled insync with his own. He whimpered as he came on the lower cabinets, it was surprisingly only a few thrusts later before he felt Dean let go inside of him. Castiel had moaned and he felt Dean shake and stutter in his thrusts as he rode his orgasm out, a low moan blowing itself against his lips. Dean was the first to pull away, moving back only slightly so that his cock would slip out.
“Still good?” Dean asked, and Castiel knew exactly what version of good he was referring to. Did Castiel still want to do this? Or did that little swig of fresh mint jog his brain just enough to make it start working again?
“No, its just weird. Didn’t tale you as one to believe in superstition.”
“I figured I could just take Meg and you back to my house. We can get all cleaned up there and then head over to Ash’s,” Dean replied as he took off his shoulder pads and sat them in his locker. He fiddled with the jersey that was under it and Castiel looked at him with a cocked eyebrow.
"You need to leave," Castiel stated calmly, much to the contrast of his stomach. He kept his eyes on the ceiling, knowing that he wouldn't be able to look at Dean for the foreseeable future. At least, not without making what he was feeling worse.
“Olive oil?” Dean asked and Castiel narrowed his eyes.
Castiel and Green Eyes spent the next thirty minutes in silence as they drove to his apartment. When they got there he noticed the light was on and he looked over at the other man. “This is my stop,” he said with a small smile.
Just as he held up his hand to tell her to go away, the girl was holding up her ID. “Charlie Bradbury, Rolling Stone Magazine,” she said, pushing her glasses up the bridge of her nose. Dean looked her over. Long red hair, thick rimmed glasses. He really didn’t want to do an interview right now, and Dean had a feeling that was exactly what Miss Bradbury wanted. “I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions.” Dean wanted to put up some resistance. He wanted to say no to the woman and tell her to fuck off, but he wasn’t that person anymore. Dean could be civil with people, and he could sit down and do an interview.  Especially if it was Rolling Stone.
“Well Cas and I had a fight and I really don’t want to talk about it okay?” Dean said with a slightly raised voice, he watched Tessa’s expression change and he frowned. The Winchester shook his head and kissed her temple. “I’m sorry, I’ll see you after class yeah?” She nodded and walked into her classroom. Dean watched her walk and then headed to his own first period: Biology. He walked in, sat down at the lab table that was assigned to him and leaned back in his seat. Dean closed his eyes and tried his best to just drown out the feeling of Castiel’s lips. Why the hell were they so soft? They were almost like a girl’s beside the fact that Dean felt the slight prickle of the other boy’s stubble, the thinness of them also being odd compared to Tessa’s full lips.
“He’d make a good lawyer,” he whispered and blinked his eyes over to look at Dean. Castiel licked his lips, listening to the small jazz clarinet in the background, getting wrapped up in how romantic it sounded. He took a big breath and kissed Dean again, pressing against the other as his hands moved to tug at his shirt.
“I don’t know, suddenly there was a shot, Samandriel hit the ground, and by the time I looked for the culprit there wasn’t anyone there,” Lucifer said, though Castiel caught something in the voice. Something that just didn’t sit right with him.
“Hey babe,” he murmured as he pecked a kiss to her neck. “You winning?” She nodded and placed a hand over his. “That’s good.”
“I didn’t tell you to, we were that loud anyway,” Dean said and Castiel tucked his head into the crook of Dean’s neck.
“Because you didn’t think you would need it,” he said and Castiel looked up at him as he sipped his drink. Fuck, he was so beautiful. “You thought that well since the corner store gets me smokes, and I can walk two blocks to buy groceries, and if I take the bus I can get a job at that one place I don’t need a car, therefore I don’t need a license.” Castiel had never thought of it like that before. He smirked and then swished his glass some.
“Cum.” Castiel’s eyes were squeezed shut, his entire body was tightening like a coil, and on the verge of springing open. There was a hand on his cock again, and it only took a couple more strokes before he was climaxing.
“I don’t think I’ve ever seen you at one of these.”
“What? It’s a natural thing Cassie, I just wish that it wasn’t-”
“Jesus
Suddenly he was being pushed back, and gasping as his back hit his mattress. Castiel opened his eyes to see Dean staring down at him with what looked like determination. It was an odd look to see. Though Castiel didn’t have too much time to really dwell on it as Dean lifted one of his legs up onto his shoulder and pushed his cock back in so quickly it left him seeing stars.
“Fine, I’ll talk to him after practice,” he compiled as he leaned down for one final kiss. “You know you’re the smartest woman I’ve ever dated right?” Tessa rolled her eyes and smiled.
“No, but he tried to steal Gilda away from me,” she said and Castiel nodded.
“Thank you for sharing this Obi Wan,” he said, he heard Charlie’s loud laughter over the sound of the saxes and trumpets. Eventually though, the aliens turned into patrons and bartenders, and Castiel was left with the blandness of the bar. The only bright side being the music.
“Because I’m leaving!” He yelled out and Sam and Dean both looked up at him. “I start college in a few weeks, and its in California. We’re just a fling, I figured it didn’t matter.” Castiel sighed and he looked to Dean, and God, he wished that he hadn’t. He wished that he didn’t look, because the man looked like he was just told that his dog died. “Dean.” The older Winchester boy stood up and walked into the camper, slamming it shut. Castiel huffed and sat down back in the plastic chair, crossing his arms shut. “I don’t know why he’s pissed, not like this was going to go anywhere.”
“Hey brother, are you and Cas going to be on your top game tonight?” Benny asked as he stood next to his locker. The southern slipped on his under armor shirt as Dean started working on his pads. Dean shrugged his shoulders and looked at Benny.
Kevin sighed and slipped his helmet off. “I’m sorry Winchester,” he shot right back. “I just freaked!” Dean shook his head but let it go. He should have seen it coming. Kevin was new to all of this, he never played football before this year so Dean should have expected him to get scared. Dean shook all of those thoughts out of his mind. He couldn’t afford to get scared, he had to make sure that they won this game.
“So your new album, the one you’re releasing tonight?” She started, scribbling down her notes. Charlie didn’t look at all offended by how Dean had been speaking to her. Maybe she would make it in this world after all. “It’s all from your mind correct? You wrote every song?” Dean smiled, finally something he wouldn’t mind talking about.
“I can tell that you’ve been wanting to touch me since you first looked at me,” he whispered and God, Castiel didn’t even know his voice could take on a deeper, even sexier tone than before. Castiel shivered and smirked.
Dean slipped his hands around Castiel’s front and tugged at the button of Castiel’s jeans. His face had nuzzled itself against the other man’s neck and Castiel braced his hands against the counter. “Oh Dean,” he breathed and he rolled his hips back, pushing against Dean’s crotch. “Please.” His body was already burning with arousal and he just needed to feel Dean , they’d already fucked around today, but Castiel wanted to have more of Dean. He wanted to have all of him.
Castiel is settling into college well, and he even made a new friend.
“Yeah I know, I have low standards,” she remarked as she pushed his shoulder slightly. “I guess I just have a weak spot for guys who play sports.” Dean chuckled and kissed her forehead.
"You're serious?' Dean asked incredulously. "I just
“Fuck,” Dean panted before Castiel was pressing their lips together again. A moan vibrated both of their mouths as they deepened it, and Castiel wasn’t even sure who it belonged to at this point. He rolled his hips down against his counterpart and felt a jolt of pleasure when Dean’s hands grabbed at his ass.
“Well then what are we Castiel?” He asked and fuck, it felt so amazingly hot to hear Dean say his name. Although, he did like that Dean called him Cas.
Dean sat back in his seat. “So you like to be thorough?” He asked, resulting in her to nod her head. Dean nodded back as well and crossed his arms over his chest. “Well, then get on with it Velma. I’m an open book.” Charlie frantically nodded and flipped a few pages back on her notepad, adjusting her glasses.
"Save it. You want me gone? I'm gone."
Castiel chuckled and he bit his bottom lip. “I have no problem with that,” he said and he tucked his cock back into his pants, looking down to see Dean’s still out. “Just give me a few days to heal up, maybe even one if I don’t do much.” He watched as Dean moved to tuck his cock back into his jeans and smile.
“Wait,” he said and she looked back at him. “Please tell me you know what a ‘67 Chevy Impala looks like.” Charlie cocked a brow but she nodded. “Where?” He looked towards all the cars and could feel his booty clock ticking away. “Charlie this is a life or death situation I need to get to that car.”
“Want me to come with you?” Dean asked with a cocked brow and Castiel smirked.
“Just leave,” Castiel murmured as he moved to point at the door.
He walks to his closet, the one place that doesn’t have clothes strewn about, and lets out a long sigh. He forgot to do the laundry last night. Of course, he had other things that he was doing, but he should have gotten a load done before getting high. Castiel groaned, running a hand through his greasy hair, and he heads towards the bathroom. If he freshens himself up then his clothes won’t smell that bad. Right? At this point Castiel didn’t even care. His head was aching and his body was shaking. He just wanted to do something. He needed to distract himself.
“That is exactly what I want you to do,” Castiel murmured in between kisses. “And you better do it well.” It wasn’t often Castiel let himself do this. He’d really rather not have it be a waste. He felt Dean nod while they moved together both at the hips and on the lips. When Castiel pulled back he felt his cock twitch from hearing a little whine escape past his lover’s. He locked eyes on Dean’s, and licked his lips before speaking. “Do you want to help or watch?”
“Yeah? And how is she? Cause I’ve never met her,” Castiel joked along with Gabriel. Their conversation went on like this for several minutes. Every now and again Castiel would look up at the sky, wishing that instead of some forested drab blue it was a bright sky filled with little puffy clouds. Vietnam never looked like that though. The air was always thick, and on the days that it was sunny there was never a cloud in the sky. It didn’t take long before a piercing sound echoed in his ears. Castiel immediately dropped down into a crouch, hearing someone just splash down beside him. He looked down, seeing the muggy water before him turn a dark shade of maroon. Castiel didn’t have time to think about what was going on when another shot pierced the splashing. He could hear Lucifer shouting something, but he couldn’t quite make out what as the shots continued to fire. Eventually he just started to follow the group, heading for cover opposite of the shots. Another few shots rang out before they stopped, Castiel with the rest of the group minus the person who was laying in the water dead.
“Go with him and make sure he doesn’t die from being stupid,” Meg said with a smile as she pushed Dean’s shoulder. The players across from the table were motioning them to go. Tessa removed herself from behind Dean and nodded as well.
“I’m going to go get murdered,” Castiel stated as he looked at Meg lazily, the alcohol finally taking full effect. She looked at him with big eyes and cracked a smirk.
“Why? You just sat down.”
Castiel watched as Dean pulled a shabby pack of cigarettes from his pocket. He didn’t smoke. He had tried it back in high school, but never really found the action appealing to him. That didn’t stop him from blatantly watching Dean pull a cigarette from the pack and place it on the edge of his lips.
“And why would I say that?” Charlie asked and she tugged at her Star Trek shirt. She told Castiel that she was a lover of all. Didn’t matter that Star Wars had better CGI, but Star Trek was one of her first loves.
“The camper looks like its going to be cramped,” he said and walked past Dean, ignoring his statement. So Castiel liked to day dream, there is nothing wrong with that. He was always caught at school because of it. He always liked to just remember everything that happened in his life. He had a gift, he could remember anything if he just locked it away. Castiel liked reliving his memories, because memories are precious and they tell about a part of your life.
“What do you mean? I was invited,” he retorted as he ripped Dean’s grasp away from him. Dean clenched his jaw and shook his head.
“And what if I am Cas?” Dean asked and nipped at Castiel’s lips, making the other moan. He pressed against him and tugged at Dean’s trunks, pulling them down. “See, you are too.”
Dean smirked. “What? You don’t want to dissect things?” He asked in a hushed voice as he watched Castiel turn to face him again. The other boy shook his head and Dean cocked a brow. “Why?” Castiel shrugged and pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose.
“Shit,” Castiel almost whimpered, but trudged forward, determined to get naked. He shoved at Dean, maybe a little too roughly from how the man nearly toppled back, but it did the job. It gave Castiel the opportunity to strip. In no time at all he pulled his shirt over his head and tossed it to some corner of his room. Next came his jeans, and he pondered for only a beat or two on when exactly he had taken off his shoes.
“You’re such a clutz man,” Dean chuckled as he moved to help his friend back up onto his feet. Castiel smirked as he looked up at Dean and gripped his hand tightly, pulling the hand and making Dean crash down onto the ground as well.
“Oh fuck,” he moved with Dean, being pushed more and more against the counter as Dean’s thrusts became harder. “More Dean, oh fuck please.” His head lolled back and it knocked into Dean’s shoulder. Dean sucked on Castiel’s neck, teeth biting with every upward thrust. His pace increased and Castiel could feel himself climbing quickly. “More.” Dean had pulled out, or as far as he could so that his head was just barely in and he pushed up into Castiel as rough as he possibly could. Castiel whined and moaned, turning his head only slightly.
"I'm fine Dean, I'm just the center," Castiel retorted as he moved to his locker and took a seat. Dean stood next to him and was thankful for the Gatorade being passed around. He took a long drink of it and was about to press Castiel more on his wrist before the coach raised his voice.
“Why?”
“Can I get a shower and change?” He asked and Charlie nodded. “Thank you.” He sighed and moved his arms to slip them in his shirt. Castiel was still rocking a massive hard on and there was no way that he wanted Charlie to see it. He looked at his friend and cocked a brow. “Are you going to leave or am I just going to have to get naked in front of you?” Charlie rolled her eyes and gagged.
“You know, I sort of saw that coming, you were too gorgeous,” she said and Castiel blushed.
“I bet,” he said and looked over to see Charlie looking at him seriously. “It’s not that simple.”
Castiel’s back arched and he wrapped his hands around Green Eyes roughly, tugging at his shirt. He moaned loudly, feeling his voice crack and he looked at the man. “Take,” he let out a long breath and lolled his head back in a moan. “Take off your shirt!” His voice was a snarl and he watched as Green Eyes took a second away from their cocks to strip off his shirt.
“Yeah, but don’t worry. I don’t bite,” he said walking behind her as started their journey to the diner. It was a little ways down the road, and Dean was happy they had the place blocked off. He really didn’t want to deal with a bunch of fans. “Hard. At least, not anymore.” Charlie turned to Dean and she nodded, letting him lead the way. They walked in quiet, Dean figured that the young girl was probably gathering her questions that she wanted to ask. She even stopped her tape recorder for the moment. He smiled and looked around a bit.
“You smoke?” Dean asked, and suddenly Castiel remembered where he was, what was happening around them. Then remembered that this was not the time or place to be gawking at Dean Winchester. Soon, maybe, but not now. “Join me outside?”
With autumn closing in
“Dean has gotten it on with chicks?” Castiel asked, even though it was obvious that he was experienced, but inexperienced when it came to touching Castiel. He shook his head, not wanting to believe it all that well.
“Depends on what you’re referring to. I’m sure that we’ve got Coca-Cola,” he said raising a brow. Dean rolled his eyes. He hated when his brother just assumed that he meant alcohol. He was nine months sober, he wasn’t just going to through that away when the bus got hot.
“No,” she replied with a smile and kissed him again.
“I was on the track team Dean,” he chuckled and Dean reached for Castiel, making them crash into the water. Castiel held his breath and then he felt Dean’s lips. Hands wrapped around Castiel and pulled him close to the other. When they broke the surface Castiel took a deep breath.
Sam nodded and he took the book from Castiel, holding it close to his chest. “What else?” He asked and Castiel looked back down at the books.
“Maybe cause you’re a fucking ass?” The center replied as he towered over Dean, ready to punch the other’s helmet before there was a hand on his arm. Dean watched as Castiel was pulled off of him, Bobby in view.
“Of course I can,” Dean answered as he moved to tangle his fingers with Tessa’s. “You’re my girl.” She let out a soft chuckle and he pulled them away and towards his car. His beautiful baby that he cherished with all of his heart. He cracked the door open to the passenger’s side for Tessa and she looked at him with another big smile.
When Monday morning came around Dean had successfully failed at forgetting about what happened between Castiel and him at Ash’s party. He could still feel the other’s lips pressed against his even though it had been three days, he could still taste the lingering alcohol and for some reason, the impact of something sweet that Dean couldn’t put his finger on. He wasn’t supposed to be thinking like this. To be thinking about Castiel like this. He shook his head and slammed his locker shut, books in hand for the entire school day, which only consisted of a ratty notebook with a pen tucked in the spiral and the book he was reading for English.
Dean coughed to shake his thoughts away and he stood by the science room. “Do you want to hang out after practice?” Tessa narrowed her eyes and shook her head.
As they entered the diner Sam held the door open for Charlie and Dean. The journalist however took a step back and let Dean lead the way to their table. He picked a booth, always a fan of them, and slid into a seat as she sat on the other side. Sam sat next to her and opened up a menu.
“Then why didn’t you say something when I said I met someone at the bar?” He asked and Charlie laughed again.
“He does. So here is what’s going to happen,” he said, standing up and stretching a little. “You’re going to go into the camper. I’m going to stay out here and eat, maybe go for a swim, and I’ll head over to the bar for some summer reading.” Castiel just stared at Sam, not believing how assertive he was being. “And you’re going to tell Dean how you feel, you’re going to have a good time, and you’re going to let him have you, and let him have you the right way.”
“No, no I’m fine,” he mumbled, looking over at the man who called him by what everyone but Dean called him. “I just…. This song is special to me.” Castiel shook his head and looked out the window. “As silly as that sounds.”
“Just do your work Cas, you’re taking over Drew’s shift. Which means that you’re delivery the food to Dean Winchester himself,” she said, making Castiel roll his eyes.
“Johnson?” Lucifer barked, bringing Castiel back to reality. The blue eyed man looked towards the sergeant and then around the group. “Dammit.”
“Doesn’t matter,” Dean interrupted before delving into another kiss. Castiel didn’t even want to think about how Dean knew what he was asking, because it didn’t matter. Not really. They were on the same page and that was what mattered. He kissed Dean back enthusiastically, hands tugging down on the man’s hair. Castiel felt himself smile against Dean’s sharp little exhale from the action, and reveled in the feeling of Dean rolling his hips up against him.
“So what do you drink?” He asked and she shrugged her shoulders.
Dean coughed, clearing his throat, and he called out to his brother. His fingers still worked along the neck of the guitar as he spoke. “Sammy! How much longer?” He called, back resting into the pillows and legs crossed at the ankles.
“I’ll… be right back.”
“Fuck,” he muttered and then he felt Green Eyes’ tongue slide against his. He moaned and took more of it into his mouth, nipping on it every chance he could. One of Castiel’s hands went to trail up Green Eyes’ back and he tangled it in his hair yet again. He tugged on it, breaking their kiss for a second and hearing the man moan and writhe from underneath him.
“Yeah,” Castiel said as he locked up his own locker. “Yeah you can take Meg and I to your house.”
“I’m not mad at you,” Castiel growled right back. He put his helmet on and walked away from Dean then, going over to talk to someone else that didn’t seem to piss him off because of the color of his eyes.
,” Charlie chuckled and flipped her hair to the side. “It just intrigues me is all.” She looked around his room and then noticed a book on his bedside table. “Do you even have time to read?” She asked as she reached across and grabbed it. “I mean everytime we go to the Roadhouse you’re most likely getting fucked by Green Eyes.”
“I know its old, it really cramped, and it doesn’t really offer much, but,” Dean started until Castiel leaned forward and connected their lips, pressing him to the countertop. The sandy blonde haired man smiled against Castiel’s lips and wrapped his arms around his waist.
“That should be him now,” he said and grabbed the knob, twisting it and swinging the door open. When his eyes met the beautiful green of Dean’s he felt like he was butter.
“Why the hell can’t you guys make it to a bed?” Charlie asked in a hushed whisper as they browsed books in the library. “I mean, it’s been what? Two months?” She looked at a book and nodded as she pulled it from the shelf. “Yeah, he’s been fucking your brains out for nearly two months and you actually haven’t made it to a bed?” This was a common discussion with Castiel and Charlie. Charlie, even though she would never in her life get it on with a man, had a weird fascination with a man being with a man. Castiel, however, had no interest in learning what her and Gilda did behind closed doors.
Castiel and Charlie both had to walk to the bar. It wasn’t a bad walk, the sun had been setting so everything around them had been cooling down. They also got to talk more about their interests and hobbies. Charlie told Castiel that she wanted to go into the computer scene and Castiel chuckled, telling her that she just wanted to live the life of a science fiction novel. She shrugged her shoulders and said that it didn’t sound like a bad life. They laughed a lot and already he knew that Charlie and him were friends.
“Why wouldn’t I be?” Dean chuckled and then shook his head.
Castiel had been focusing on the little puffs of steam coming out of his mouth when he heard the unmistakable sound of the floorboards beside him creak under a new weight. Jesus. Did he ever stop? He glanced over his right arm to see familiar denim, but with a different view. Dean was leaning against the porch as well, but facing opposite Castiel. Blue eyes flicked up fully to watch as Dean snapped his zippo lighter and lit his cigarette. They sat in idle silence as the cigarette burned bright red from Dean’s inhale. He held it for a small moment before exhaling and speaking.
“Then we won’t put it on by your eyes pretty boy,” he said and he leaned over to smear it across his face more. “We’ll just smear it down your cheeks and make it like triangles.” Dean rolled his eyes, but let Ash draw across his face and down his cheeks. “They almost cover up your freckles pretty boy.” Dean sighed and then he walked away from Ash once the other boy was finished.
"Well still," Dean said as he looked towards Michael. The man was a monster, at least a foot taller than Dean, bigger shoulders, bigger legs, basically bigger everything. Dean got back into position and the game continued on like this. Dean would throw, or he would run when he didn't see anyone. Eventually the whistles were blowing through his ear and half time was marked.
His gun was raised, and he could hear Bartholomew behind him as they approached the second group, Samandriel and Lucifer. The only problem was, Samandriel was on the ground, and Lucifer was shooting his .45 into the woods. From Castiel’s view it didn’t seem like he was hitting anything. As they approached Lucifer continued to shoot until his pistol just gave off little clicks, signaling that the clip was empty.
“Stanford,” he said, scooting over to Dean. He watched as Green Eyes flipped the radio on, settling it on a Jazz station.
Castiel chuckled and he held his hand out for her to shake. “Castiel Novak, avid reader of science fiction and all things strange,” he said and she smiled as well, bright teeth presenting themselves.
"I should bite them off," Castiel chided as he sipped at his drink, his eyes squeezing shut. "Awful." Dean chuckled and wrapped his arm around the other's shoulder.
“Your nipples are really sensitive aren’t they?” Dean asked and Castiel groaned. This always happened, whenever Castiel would beg Dean to fuck him, the other man would just change the subject. It was always a good change that had Castiel coming in a few minutes, but a change none the less. “I mean I pinch them.” Dean’s fingers pressed together around the nub, causing Castiel to squeeze his eyes shut and dig his fingers into Dean’s shoulder. “And you do that.” He chuckled and then lifted Castiel’s shirt some to expose his chest.
“Whatever Tran, do you need a ride home?” He asked and Kevin shook his head.
“Good job Dean,” Castiel said as he removed his wrist from Dean’s grasp. “We got about five yards, but next time throw. The angels have a good defense and I’m surprised you made it as far as you did.” Dean nodded and shook his entire body, his side still hurting from the elbow that impacted it.
“Fuck Cas,” he mumbled as he nipped Castiel’s skin roughly, causing Castiel to go weak slightly. He moved his hips down to meet Dean’s thrusts and he groaned. “I want to fuck you so badly.” Castiel nodded and he moved his hands to tangle them in Dean’s hair.
“Thanks,” Dean murmured with a sigh. “Are you going to be heading to Ash’s?”
“Well,” Lucifer said, drawing Castiel from his thinking. “Let’s gather them up and call in a med evac. Do you know how to use a radio Bart?”
“God no,” he breathed and his hand ran up and down the other’s back. “No I couldn’t tell till we were done that you hadn’t done it before.” Green Eyes looked at Castiel and smiled, leaning over to peck his lips against the other’s. Castiel pressed back and then the feeling of them were gone.
“No,” Castiel said and he shook his head.
“Yeah, he’s been doing that all day,” Sam said and Castiel crossed his arms over his chest. Could they blame him? Castiel was sleeping with Dean and it was the best and most distracting thing on the planet.
“Just pretend I’m not here,” he said, already letting his eyes fall across the menu. Dean rolled his eyes a little bit.
Castiel sat the bottle back down and grabbed his cup before turning to look at Dean head on. “You certainly do. You look right at home, so why are you bothering me?” He knocked back what little whiskey he’d poured into his cup, and did his best to disregard the little sway he got from doing so. Dean’s smile shifted then, from knowing to full on shit-eating. It was infuriating, or at least Castiel tried to convince himself that it was.
“I sort of assumed you were into women earlier, but that just proved it,” he said and Charlie’s eyes grew wide in disbelief. She was about to retort and call it rubbish, but Castiel held up his hand. “Its okay Charles, I don’t find her attractive like you do.” Scratch what Castiel said before about Charlie’s eyes growing wide, because they met an even new bulge when she heard Castiel say that.
"Be ready for the disgusting taste of beer," Meg chirped with a crooked grin. She handed Castiel a beer and he looked down at it reluctantly.
“So am I bitch, doesn’t mean you can just push me,” he grumbled as he threw his corona deeper into the woods. Castiel glared at Dean and crossed his arms over his chest.
By the time that Dean was sliding four fingers into him, Castiel was gripping at his hair and attempting to kiss the life out of him.
Dean was talking. He had this stupid little smile while he talked, but Castiel couldn’t hear anything. Not really. The music was too loud, and he shouldn’t be listening to Dean anyway. He didn’t care what the other had to say.
“I wouldn’t go that far,” Dean said as he felt Tessa’s fingers wrap around his wrist.
“So I’ve never seen you before,” he said and Castiel shivered because his voice was just so empowering. “Where are you from?”
Fuck this. Dean was going to talk to him. He was going to talk to him, and they were going to sort through their shit. Fuck all logic right now. They needed to be clicking by next week or they’re season was going to suck.
“Yeah. I’ll call it in,” he said, Castiel looking at Samandriel’s eye, or what was left of it, one last time and going to hoist him up. None of this made sense, but Castiel couldn’t do anything about it. He didn’t have the power to do so.
“You do? Wow Cas, you really aren’t all that bright are you?” Dean barked a laugh and Castiel glared over at him.
“Please,” Castiel whined and a second later a finger was slipping into him. Castiel tensed up entirely, not expecting it so soon. A little pain shot through him and up his spine. “Eh.” He shivered as Dean continued to push into him. He let out a short breath and there was a soft kiss on his neck.
“Really?” Castiel asked as he tore his helmet off, feeling somewhat furious at himself and starting to take it out on Dean. It wasn’t Dean’s fault he was thinking like this. It was because it was Dean’s stupid lips, and his stupid freckles. “Dean all we ever talk about it football. Name one conversation that didn’t focus on anything but that.” There was an edge to his voice and he watched as Dean’s entire expression changed into something that could only be described as hurt.
“Well, you can’t always get what you want Dean,” Sam said, smiling and looking at his brother as they slipped their jackets on.
He heard Green Eyes moan and felt him tremble against Castiel. “Holy shit,” he breathed and Castiel smiled as he kissed him again and again, peppering them across his cheeks and freckles. He eventually trailed them down to his neck and he sucked a big purple bruise into the tan skin. “Holy shit that was amazing.” Castiel chuckled and looked at Green Eyes, completely out of breath. It clicked then, everything they just did and the hesitation that the other man seemed to project.
“Johnson did,” Castiel said, finally adding into the conversation. His eyes stayed on Samandriel’s, studying his face. How could someone have this good of a shot? How could they get it dead in the center if they weren’t that close. He looked up at Lucifer, watching him curse under his breath. Could…. Could Lucifer have done it? No. No that was crazy, there was absolutely no reason for the sergeant to have shot Samandriel. The kid was as innocent as possible. If someone even mentioned the word pussy his face would flush and he would get all awkward.
What?” Castiel asked as he stopped his moving.
“So, if you weren’t having financial issues you wouldn’t have come back?” Dean took a second to think that out. He still thinks he would have come back. Dean enjoyed being on the stage, it was what it lead him to that freaked him out the most.
“And I can’t wait to see it Charlie,” he said, even though he knew that what she was talking about was past their time. She giggled and slipped one of her hands in her jean pockets, a silence falling around them. Castiel looked down at his feet, seeing his Beatles shirt cling to him from sweating in the Kansas sun. His pants could be categorized to fit along with Charlie’s, tight and uncomfortable, but they didn’t hug as much as her’s.
Or at least something like it was rushing through Castiel’s viens. His eyes grew wide as it hit him that Dean had in fact seen Cas checking him out. He stared blankly as his mind drew a giant blank.
“How much longer you got?” Bartholomew asked Castiel quietly, loading a round into his M79, which Castiel didn’t think he would use, but accepted that anything could happen at this point. Castiel clenched his jaw and looked at Bartholomew for a moment.
Castiel glances over to the clock and quickly shoves it off the little excuse for a bed side table. It crashes onto the floor with a loud thump, and for a brief moment it reminds him of Gabriel. The young man placed his hand over his face, expelling the thought of Gabriel from his mind. The appendage slides down his face slowly, and after a few more ragged breaths he’s standing up. After all, he has a job to do.
Dean stopped thinking right then and there. No, he wasn’t even going to contemplate doing anything with Castiel. He was the one that said they should never talk about it, so why was he even thinking about it? He walked into his math class and took his seat, trying his best to ignore the fact that Castiel was plaguing his mind more than Tessa was.
“Who stars in it?” She asked and Castiel rolled his eyes yet again. “Just answer the question Novak or I won’t invite you out for a drink that involves a bar that plays the cantina music from Star Wars.” That sounded awesome. A bar that played the music from the cantina scene in Star Wars? Castiel could look at Charlie and say he was in love right there and then if it hadn’t been for one thing standing in his way. The fact that Charlie was the wrong gender for him. His eyes grew wide at the thought of walking in and hearing the saxes, sitting down at the bar and asking for a beer. The blue eyed man would be able to close his eyes and just replay the scene over and over again for as long as he wanted to.
“Oh whatever,” he mumbled and took another sip of his drink. “What time do you get off again?”
“Okay,” he murmured and Castiel shook because that was something he’d been waiting to hear for almost two weeks. He smiled widely and he felt Dean tug his pants down roughly, causing him to let out a low moan. His grip on the counter tightened and he pushed back against Dean more.
“Castiel?” He asked in a questioning manner, as if he almost didn’t believe the sight in front of him. Castiel nodded and slipped his hands into his pockets, looking back down to break the gaze. Dean trembled slightly and then laughter was filling the library. Loud laughter that was emanating from every angle and hitting Castiel in the chest. Dean’s laugh was beautiful and Castiel shivered because of it. “What the hell kinda name is Castiel?”
“Fuck if I know,” Castiel said and then he buttoned his pants up. “The only thing I do know for sure is that I need to go home and change, maybe shower again.”
“You’re right,” he said and Castiel frowned. Dean leaned across the counter, grabbing the bottom of Castiel’s chin. “You’re undeniably sexy.” Castiel scoffed and ripped his chin away from Dean’s grasp.
“Exactly,” he breathed and nuzzled himself into the crook of Dean’s neck. “Fuck it was amazing.” Dean chuckled as well, shuffling to remove himself from Castiel’s embrace, causing the other to whine low in his throat.
“Because you are Clarence,” she stated simply as she walked around the car and tangled their fingers together. “But you’re a cute dweeb.”
“Yeah, we need him for the season and Meg needs him because apparently she kisses him when no one looks,” Tessa said as she looked at Meg and smirked. Dean nodded in understanding and stepped away from them, but not before pecking a kiss to Tessa’s forehead.
“There are no hours Sammy, it’s swim at your own risk.”
Dean puts his phone in his pocket and returns Sam’s hug. “It’s okay, Sammy. I’m okay. I know you’re just tryin’ to protect me.”
Castiel’s features soften ever so gently and he tilts his head, his eyes moving from counting freckles up to Dean’s eyes. “You’re welcome,” he says, his voice soft and heartfelt.
“Hey, kid. Beer or whiskey today?”
He stepped backwards, but I grabbed his arm to stop him. "Wait," I said quietly. I pulled his hand off his face and leaned in, kissing him again.
Yeah, my brother is just protective
"Yeah," He nodded, grabbing some extra pieces of bacon for the road. "Sam, I'll be at work if you need me."
the flush spread up Castiel’s ears and down his neck. It’s absolutely adorable. Dean moves the paperwork to his left hand, and reaches into his pocket with his right, grabbing a business card. He keeps it in his palm and gives his hand to Castiel to shake it again.
Hey i hope you liked this! My favorite part is when Cas says Dean is his true happiness. it gets me every time.
Sam’s face brightens like he just got a new set of history books. “You asked out the guy from the bar?!”
He tilted his head at me and his face morphed into one of confusion. "What's that?"
(See the end of the chapter for
I kept my hand on his thigh, squeezing it closer to my body, and brought the other to the side of his face, so I could press our lips together again. I pushed up against him and flipped us around, pushing him back into the floor and hungrily kissing him, wrapping his legs around my waist. I pressed into him further and his arms wrapped around my shoulders, pulling my body even closer.
Big, bright blue eyes flick upwards. “That was my drink,” He says quietly.
Dean chuckles nervously. “Well, I have a low tolerance. Opposite of you. I take two shots and the world starts spinnin’ like a merry-go-round on steroids.”
no warnings for this chapter, just enjoy!
Castiel nods in understanding, but looks slightly frustrated with that response. “You’re
Dean smiles as wide as he can, and holds out a freshly cleaned hand to Castiel. “Dean Winchester,” he says.
It wasn't just physical though, I mean, he did have a nice body, but that wasn't my main focus. It wasn't even his body -- but that's besides the point.
Dean holds Cas back, wrapping his arms tightly around him, “Yeah?”
“Does he know you’re trans? If he’s gay he might be a little, um, disappointed.”
"Hey, angels! Guess who's drunk?" I giggled to myself. "It's me." I laughed like I had just made the best joke in the world. I pulled off my jacket because suddenly I was feeling very hot, and felt the need to comment on it. "It's so hot down here..." I smirked a little, "Not as hot as you though -- you know your back? Yeah, that thing is a beauty, Cas."
Okay we got some incest and discussions of trans stuff, such as T shots (hormone therapy, where trans men are given testosterone shots), bottom growth (which is basically just Dean's cock, and it's referred to as bottom growth and cock throughout), and chest binders.
hamburgers are my fave
I grinned, and started to unbutton his shirt. He shrugged it off, and I pulled him down to kiss him soundly. He hummed into my kiss, and let my tongue in immediately when I licked his bottom lip. He adjusted so our noses weren't rammed together, and battled my tongue with his own.
I chuckled to myself. "You need to work on your dirty talk."
"What's my present this year?" Jimmy asked. "Are you going to tell me what I think you're going to tell me?" He sat in an anxious excitement, waiting.
Jimmy whooped, and hugged his brother. "I knew it!" He yelled. "How long?"
Dean's eyes darted around nervously. "Stop teasing me," His eyebrows creased together. He felt for Castiel's chin, then kissed him gently. "You know I did."
Dean pants, “You’re forgiven,” he turns onto his side. “Come up here and cuddle with me.”
"You're sure? I know I'm not great all the time -- I'm bossy and rude and I always ask you for help without giving you any in return and --"
His eyebrows furrowed a little as he thought about it, but then he leaned in and kissed me like his life depended on it. I was a little caught off guard, but I didn't complain. He pulled away and kept his eyes closed for a moment, and his hands grasped mine and pulled them down his front, to rest against his stomach. He looked at me again. "It makes me want to kiss you," he said quietly, and he rocked back and forth a little, like he was trying to decide if he should lean in and kiss again. He ultimately didn't, and he dropped his head to look at his lap, at our hands intertwined there. "It feels like butterflies in my stomach -- even though I don't understand how that's possible --"
“Um, yes?”
“Does he kiss a lot of people?”
“Twenty,” The bartender pours the whiskey, and turns to the guy from the corner booth who materialized from nowhere. “Castiel, do you need anything else?”
I lifted his chin so he was looking into my eyes. "I guess we're going to have to change that, then, huh?"
Now, Dean, he’s got two choices. Ignore what he said, and say he has to leave. Or, he can embrace that he’s going on a date with a guy. He bites the inside of his lip while he decides. He looks down and then nods, “Um, yeah, I -- I, uh, asked him out yesterday.”
Sam crosses his arms over his chest and pouts. He grumbles and picks up his backpack, “Fine asshole, should I make dinner for you for later tonight or are you comin’ back
Can I tell you something kind of important?
He swallowed nervously, making his Adam's apple bob. I grinned at him and kissed him again, letting his pants slap against his stomach. He yelped slightly, and I wrapped my arms around to his back.
“Alright, jerk,” Sam grins, and opens the door for Dean, pushing him out into the hall. “Make sure to ask before you kiss him!” And the door gets slammed shut and locked.
“Yeah, alright? I am!”
"I don't know," I shrugged. "He just... looks like a guy."
I hope you enjoy the chapter!
I chuckled lightly, and pulled his hips down into mine a little more. I was hard and he yelped when I pressed into him. "So, what were you planning on doing once you got me here?"
He pressed his lips into a firm line and avoided my eyes. "Yes."
“Just for a little while, Dean,” Bobby raises a hand to placate him. “There’s a family in Salzburg in need of a governor throughout the summer. I’m sending you.”
“I’m not gonna -- come
He didn't stop me or pull away, just leaned forward to push me on my back again. He kept the kiss and started to take off my boxers, palming me hesitantly with one hand.
-- and that was after I had stabbed him in the heart with Ruby's knife.
I looked over my shoulder to look at him and jumped because he was right next to me, standing now. "I wanted to see how you were doing."
He narrowed his eyes. I realized it sounded like I wanted him to leave. I did, but I didn't mean for it to sound so condescending. "You don't have to be disrespectful. Just ask me to leave if you don't want me here."
They ate a quiet breakfast with Sam and Jess, who talked about when classes were starting again. Jimmy was passed out in the corner, cradling a pillow in his arms. Castiel huffed in amusement at his brother, and gently woke him so he could eat with them.
"Thank you?"
I sat up to meet him with a kiss, but he pulled away and lifted my shirt off instead. "Cas," I said softly. "Why won't you let me kiss you?"
oh no, I accidentally became a wincest fanfic writer. Shit.
“It’s not charity, idjit. It’s called love. Sometimes you need help, and the people you love are always gonna help,” Bobby said it gruffly. “Now take the damn job.”
He didn't like that. He stopped walking, and turned Dean's face towards him again. "You did, huh?" He wasn't upset or anything, he just took the opportunity to mess with Dean further. He smiled inwardly, determined not to break his poker face.
"Dean," he whimpered a little, and flipped us around again. He held my arms above my head and looked down at me like I was the most fascinating thing in the world.  He leaned down again, kissing my cheeks and chin and neck and his hands wandered downward to my waist, teasing a little before he touched me.
Castiel nods. “I like them,” He gently reaches out and moves Dean’s hand, grasping it firmly and moving it back down to Dean’s lap.
(See the end of the chapter for
I swallowed a little, and nodded quickly at him. "O -- Okay," I huffed a small smile at him. "That works."
“Dean, wait,” Sam tries to stop him but Dean just locks the door.
Sam looks up, frustrated tears in his eyes, and immediately gets up and walks away. “This is shit!” he yells.
Okay, enjoy. And please don't hate me.
Jimmy looked a little confused. "Isn't that a good thing? I thought you wanted this to be a serious relationship."
“Um, beer,” Dean is looking over at Castiel again. He turns back to the bartender and hooks a thumb over his shoulder. “What’s his deal? Why does he drink so much?”
you’re asking, then I’m sitting here cause I want to be. You seem nice, and like you could use a friend,” He blushes and looks away, “And you’re kinda cute.”
"Of course," Castiel replied. He started to button his shirt properly and moved to stand. Dean followed his movement, placing a hand on his shoulder to follow him out of the room. "Where did you leave your -- oh, never mind." He grabbed the cane resting next to the wall, and handed it back to Dean, who took it automatically.
Then one morning, I woke up to find him on top of me. His knees pressed into the mattress around my hips, and his hands were next to my shoulders. His body didn't touch mine, aside from his thighs on my sides, but they were barely brushing against me.
I pulled back slightly, and shifted my head to kiss him again. His tongue moved out slowly, and I opened my mouth to let him in. He explored my mouth diligently, dipping his tongue below mine and pulling my body closer to his. I turned us so his back was against the wall, and pressed my hips into his. He made a small yelp, and I pulled back immediately.
I raised my eyebrows. I chuckled lightly, and looked down at my lap, still wet from his kisses. I looked back up at him. "I think you deserve it, don't you?"
“Alright,” Dean pulls his phone out of his pocket and opens up a new contact. He types in ‘Cas’ as the name, and sets his phone on the table. “Put your number in there and I’ll call you.”
Castiel looks up at him, glancing up and blinking shyly, then takes Dean’s hand and shakes. “Castiel Novak,” He smiles briefly, then takes his hand back.
“Oh, hey, Cas,” Dean swallows nervously. “Um, I sorta need to tell you something.”
My eyes widened involuntarily and my eye brows raised higher than I ever thought they could. "That came outta left field," I quipped, but really, I thought it was completely and utterly a coincidence. I looked over at him, and he was staring at me expectantly. "I assume you saw this somewhere and are... confused by it?"
"I'm glad you're here, Cas."
Sam and Jess had gone out to dinner on a date, and Dean stayed home to read and listen to some music.
After a moment of staring, Dean clears his throat and licks his lips to speak, “I’m so sorry, it just looked like --”
Tonight is Tuesday. Dean has the day off tomorrow, so he came to the bar for a drink.
seen Castiel with a different book, though, and there aren’t any bookshelves in the bar.
It was an hour or two later when Castiel's watch alarm went off, startling Dean, who was sleeping very lightly and cuddling against him on the couch. "Shit," Castiel whispered, looking at the time. "I have to go to work." He looked at Sam, giving him a helpless look. "Dean," He shook his boyfriend awake. "Hey, I have to go."
"So," Castiel replied.
“Look at me,” Sam says breathlessly. When Dean opens his eyes and gets them focused on his brother, Sam moans. “You’re so hot.”
"Cas," Jimmy pulled him out of his thoughts. "Is something wrong?"
And the kid is totally right. This is all about a guy.
“Uh, um, yes -- if -- if that’s okay,” the poor guy looks so nervous.
Castiel didn't speak for awhile, but he stood with some difficulty and pulled Dean down onto the couch with him. He took Dean's hand and set it on his face, wincing slightly as Dean felt. "I got in a fight."
Dean catches his eyes once or twice and smiles, and Castiel blushes and looks away. After a while, Dean gets more focused on Castiel’s car and finds out that his radiator is cracked, and he’ll need a new one. Dean usually gets Bobby to talk to the customers, but Dean grabs a rag and walks over to where Castiel is sitting.
Here comes the angst. Please don't hate me.
The Captain looks angry, but not furious. Maybe just… put off.
As a present, Castiel told Jimmy something he'd been waiting to hear since he met Dean almost five months ago. "Merry Christmas, Jimmy," He started.
Sam pants and lays almost on top of Dean to kiss him, then he leans down to bite and suck at Dean’s nipples. He slicks up his cock and thrusts into Dean with enough force to push him up the bed. Dean presses a hand against the headboard to brace himself, and as Sam thrusts harder and faster, Dean rocks his hips to keep up with him.
And then he was gone again, and my skin tingled where his fingers had been. I wiped my face with both hands and looked down at myself, at my jeans where they were dented. I couldn't resist, and touched myself, thinking of Cas's fingers on my skin.
Castiel jumps and pulls his hand back to press it against his ear. Dean answers the phone quickly, and gets out of the booth. “Sorry, Cas, it’s my brother. I’ll be right back.” Castiel lets Dean go with a simple nod, and Dean nods back, lifting his phone to his ear. “Sammy, are you okay?”
I pulled on his wrist, getting his hand off my lips. "Learned what?"
Dean nods. “Yeah, Cas,” he smiles. “I like you.”
I broke the kiss to sigh, and I looked up at him, my gaze completely unfocused. He stared back at me, still moving his hips, mind you, as if waiting for the next step in a list of directions. I reached down past his waist and bent his legs a little, so he was properly straddling me, and gasped as the friction shifted from
A week or so later, Dean’s at work when he meets… an
Sam clicked his tongue in disappointment. He stood, and walked away. "You don't need to be a dick. I was just asking."
Cas looks at him like Dean is everything. “Thank you,” He says sincerely. “I’m doing it again.”
Also a warning for mentions of abuse because I THINK they talk about it but i'm not sure.
"Me too," Castiel had replied. He kissed Dean's cheek before pulling away. "Can I take a picture of us?"
I hope you liked this chapter! It's technically and enemies to lovers trope BUT they aren't actually enemies so it doesn't count in my book.
I turned to look at him, and slammed my side into his thigh. I moved away quickly, and felt a blush on my face. He simply narrowed his eyes. I looked away, and felt a little guilt. I had just yelled at him the day before, only because he was shoving all this "sixty-six seals" bullshit down my throat. But he did bring me back to life, back to Sam and Bobby. I just had to learn to listen to him.
My eyes darted around his face, and I furrowed my eyebrows. "Then what do you mean?"
“Dean.”
Dean smiled to himself, and pulled his arms into his chest. He closed his eyes, content to listen to Castiel breathe beside him.
When they made it outside, snow was clinging to the ground. They took Jimmy to his apartment and put him to bed, so he could sleep off his hangover. Then Castiel took his time walking Dean to work.
Castiel then handed Dean his present, making sure Dean could feel the Braille tag with his name on it. Dean unwrapped it, feeling the edges of a picture frame. At the bottom, it read
Castiel refrained from telling him not to apologize.
I broke the kiss to gasp, and my breathing got heavier. He gave me a strange look, and started to move his hand slightly. I made small noises in my throat, and he said, "Interesting."
Sam looks like he wants to keep pushing. He presses his lips into a line and breathes out harshly through his nose. Sam knows that Dean’s had boyfriends, there was Aaron for a few weeks last year, and Sam woke up to find a guy named Victor sleeping with Dean in Dean’s bed a few months ago. Sam didn’t say anything, but he heard Dean kick the guy out with a, “My brother doesn’t know. You gotta leave, man.”
(Edit 10/08/21: This story is on hold for a little bit! The next chapter will probably be out around the end of November/beginning of December! You can email me at jackolantern717@gmail.com if you have questions or requests)
"He's an angel, Dean! I just want to... I don't know. I haven't even met him yet. What does he look like?"
Dean gets flustered really fast. “His name’s Cas, it’s short for Castiel, and he’s, um, quiet. Nice. Y’know, uh, good looking.” He carefully avoids the question about a second date. He doesn’t think Castiel should be treated like a fling or a one night stand. Castiel looks like a long term… thing.
“You’ve been going to the bar almost every night this week, getting drunk and coming back looking like, like, some girl just rejected you or somethin’. Is that what’s been happening?”
, Sam, you know I’m not depressed, I’m not suicidal -- and it’s just a date. I can take care of myself.”
Dean basically adopted Sam the moment he turned 18, taking his car and a bag of stuff each, and they ran off to Uncle Bobby. He helped. Gave Dean a job. Got Sam enrolled in high school. The whole nine yards.
Castiel went slowly, trying to savor this first time. He felt the drunk heat leave his skin a bit, and he moaned against Dean's neck. Dean sat up the slightest bit, changing the angle and making Castiel come a little quicker than he wanted to.
whew! I wrote almost 7k words for this dudes, and never in the history of ao3 have I purposefully gone over 7k. I hope you all enjoyed! The next chapter should be out within 2-3 weeks.
“Okay, goodbye Dean.”
Castiel immediately reaches out and grabs Dean’s shoulder. “No!” He doesn’t shout, but says it firmly.
Their hips rock together, and Dean moans louder and louder, clenching around Sam’s cock. Sam comes first, deep inside Dean and pulls out to finger him, then leans down to take Dean back into his mouth again, sucking in his bottom growth. “Sam, you fucking -- uh, Sammy!”
I decided to post a few days earlier than usual because I hate the weekly posting. So the next chapter will be up on Tuesday like normal, and I think I'll post every other day until the fic is done. I know you don't like waiting and I definitely don't like waiting, and I have a terrible memory, and Tuesdays are just SO far apart. So every other day it is.
"No," Castiel sighed. "I really think ... Jimmy, I'm falling for him." He looked down at his feet. "I'm falling for him," He repeated it quietly.
please comment, I love hearing your thoughts! i'll see you next Tuesday with Dean and Cas.
I looked into his eyes again, finding an intense blue staring at me. "I'm sorry," I said. "For yelling at you."
Castiel huffed in amusement. "You wouldn't get anything done if I was there distracting you."
Later that night, Sam gets home from his study group and Dean makes dinner.
Dean nods and pauses before unlocking the door. “Alright well I have to hang up now, but I can text you later, okay?”
My jaw dropped. He said 'a few months' like he really only meant a few days. "A few
He made some lunch, and ate in the kitchen, so now he’s back on the couch flipping through channels. He’s been thinking a lot about last night.
hello! Sorry this took so long! It took a while to finish and I actually got betas this time!! Thank you to The_Darkness_Eater (on ao3), sunnythatshines (on ao3) and 100yearsofsolipsism (on ao3 and tumblr)!
(See the end of the chapter for
I looked back at myself in the mirror, then let go of my shirt collar. I wondered why exactly he kept meeting me, what he wanted out of this relationship... It was all very confusing. Sometimes he wasn't exactly human, and it showed -- he wouldn't understand the simplest of little kisses, always asking why I gave them to him.
Songs are linked throughout the story - it'll send you to spotify so you can listen while you read! Of course, listening isn't necessary, but I wrote the scenes with those songs in mind so it might help you get the right atmosphere.
“Well did you guys make up?” Tessa asked as she looked over at Dean. He shrugged his shoulders in a response.
“And why not?” She asked and Castiel shook all over.
Castiel zipped Dean’s pants up roughly and scaled his hand up the other’s side. “Are you going to fuck me tonight?” He asked, because it was getting to the point where it just needed to happen. Dean kept saying that he wanted to, so why the fuck hadn’t he yet? Dean looked down and slipped his hands in his pockets, sucking a lip into his mouth. He shrugged his shoulders and looked off to the side. “Why not?”
Dean and Castiel get into a fight, but at the same time they just can't seem to keep their hands off each other.
“I’ll show you,” she said with a bright smile and Castiel again took in her appearance. Blue flannel, tight jeans and a Star Wars shirt, a geek’s dream. She was slender in all the right places and her hair was long, luscious, and straight. Castiel followed behind her as she pulled them out of the library and into the Kansas heat.
“Get in the car, Dean.” he whispers, “Be ready to go.”
“We thought you were dead.” Bobby hisses, “We held a funeral without a body, boy. Why didn’t you tell anyone you were alright?”
Dean almost thinks he’s dreaming, almost shuts the door and lays down in bed, but is stuck where he stands, “Have we met before?”
The oldest body in the barn is a close enough fit. It’s been mauled beyond recognition, but he knows it looks enough like him in the dim, early morning light to be a formidable clone. Cas doesn’t say anything when Dean goes back outside, grabs one of his shirts, and tears it beyond repair. He already knows.
<3 thank you all so much for your comments and kind words!! :)
He brings a gun with him, an old ancient thing with eight bullets along with it. He tells them he got it off of one of his minions, but Dean doesn’t really believe that and doesn’t have the heart to ask where it’s actually from. Crowley calls it the Colt. He tells them it can kill anything, demons and angels included. He says he’s going to find Alastair for them, but thinks that one blade between them won’t do much good and that’s why he’s brought them the Colt.
you are, so what is it exactly you want from me?”
“Anything of importance?” Cas asked, carefully closing the magazine and setting it on the dashboard.
Cas smiled as he read the message and decided to type out a reply:
Revenge doesn’t feel as good as he’d hoped.
He waits for him to elaborate, but when he doesn’t he asks the question they both know is coming, “...You were never supposed to help me, were you?”
Dean blanks, looking at Cas for help, before turning back to her, “Well, uh, why don’t we wait a while and get settled and then we can talk about it.”
Cas just nods absentmindedly, staring out at the road, “Dean.. What I will ask of you, when the time comes, it’s dangerous. Especially for those associated with you.”
(also its been a year since I started writing this?? I can't believe I started this when I was 15 LOL the writing is so bad looking back on it)
“No, no way. They don’t actually care about the kids there.” He tells him, “They only care about numbers.”
“Visage?” Dean scoffs, “Okay so what
There are two men and a woman dressed in professional attire approaching them, and Dean elbows Cas in the side to draw his attention. Cas almost tells Dean off (because his favorite part of pop culture is most definitely sarcasm) before he freezes and a long, silver blade slips out the sleeve of his coat.
Dean thanks him and walks back outside to grab his things out of Baby’s trunk, Castiel following him like some kind of imprinted animal.
Claire doesn’t say anything when they walk back into the room, but she watches them closely.
Alastair turns, and his eyes are
-----------------
“Something wrong?”
He looks exactly the same, if not slightly disheveled. His face is the same and there’s no indication that something is wrong, but his eyes are heavy and distracted.
are you in now, huh? World’s most stereotypical white collar worker?”
“And then?”
Dean gives an explanation.
, he later learns, was his actual name.
Anyways! thank you all so much for still being loyal readers!
Dean and Cas are sitting in a motel room, watching reruns of shows Dean doesn’t know the names of. Cas has been quiet, but Dean thinks he doesn't actually know why Dean is upset and wants to give him space.
He doesn’t think patience has ever been one of his strong points.
Dad called last night, but gave nothing more than a case description and a town name for Dean to follow up on.
See you soon!!
Crowley gives them the names of all the big players in Hell. Anyone who’s anyone is on his list, and his list belongs to Dean now. Dean reads it and then reads it again, making sure he remembers each detail on the paper. He doesn’t exactly trust Crowley, but he knows he has his own rewards to gain by helping them, and Dean knows that if he becomes a problem, they can just kill him, too.
Dean Winchester is dead, and he wishes he could say it hurts to see him go.
vessel.”
Dean smiles just a little, “Yeah, I think I am.”
Dean  frowns, setting the menu down in front of him, “You wanna sit or are you just gonna stand there like a creep?”
Dean grimaces, “Got it. Thanks, Betelguese.”
Cas points out the most important demons to the apocalypse, says he recognizes their names from whispers in Heaven.
“And if I refuse?” Dean asks.
At least he’s not alone, though.
They’ve just finished picking off the last of a werewolf pack, but they’d gotten there too late. The bodies are sitting at the far edge of the building, the rot slowed ever so slightly by the freezing temperatures. Dean thinks that if he wasn’t so used to the smell of death, he’d vomit.
They’re driving up to Bobby’s to drop Claire off and Dean is nervous.
- tick
He takes the pictures on his phone.
have to return… to my place of employment to make reports regularly, but I will be here a majority of the time. If you are ever in need of something when I am away, all you need to do is call.”
Dean’s shut his phone, feeling his face go red and scowled because
ALSO!!! For those of you who have been reading Something Like Drowning (if ur into spn u should go check it out wink wink) expect the finale of the series sometime in the next week or so!!!
Adding in domestic deancas to drag out the slow burn and dramatics >;o) mwahaha. As always, I want to thank you all for your continued commenting!! I may have to slow down my posting when school starts back up, but for now: i will continue my regularly scheduled posting
“Uh- Two.” Dean says, but he swears it almost comes out like a question.
Dean just snorts, “We’re barely even speaking, Cas. We’re pretty damn distant already.”
Sorry guys!! SO after my dog got injured she gotdiagnosed with cancer on my bday things kinda went south and I got really busy :,) unfortunately she passed away about a month ago :(
--------------
“Dude.” Dean huffed, rolling his eyes, “Can I at least ask what you’re doing here then?”
Dean Winchester is twenty three and the weight in his chest doesn’t feel as heavy as it used to.
Dean doesn’t know how he feels when Crowley calls to reveal this piece of information. She can’t be much older than Claire, and she looks like her too. Blonde with blue eyes and a curious face.
They wait in a hotel room outside Indianapolis, and Dean is cleaning his guns when Cas asks him,
He knocks on the door and for once, Dean Winchester doesn’t feel like he’s drowning.
Dean shrugs and stands back up, “A week, two at the latest but we’ll call. You’ll have a helluva lot of free time, though, so I guess you’ll have time to think about what you want your room to look like when we’re done.”
The woman doesn’t care. She leaves without the girl and tells Cas to have a “nice fucking life”.
The hunt had gone easy enough, though Dean was more than upset at the fact that Baby once again had plowed through Constance Welch’s old house to bring her spirit to rest. The hunt had gone pretty well, though Dean was pretty tired of creepy ghost bitches tearing holes in his shirts. The scratches that were embedded in Baby’s black paint had been pretty similar to the first encounter with the woman in white but it was fixable and wouldn’t be too much of a pain. Cas had successfully recollected John’s journal from it’s temporary home in the evidence locker in the Jericho Police Department. He’d come and gone and no one had noticed, so he’d recounted it as a success. They had met up after their respective missions in “Bert Aframian”’s motel room, where Dean had cleared out all of his father’s case work and sat down to reply to Sam:
However!!! I'm back!
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean laughs so hard that Cas nearly smacks him upside the head.
They walk in quietly, moving around the side of the house and through the back door. They climb up into the second story window, but Cas holds him back and tells him that the demon has switched vessels from the girl to the mother.
Dean huffed good naturedly, opening the door and sitting back down in the impala, “Dude… Gas prices right now? I’ll never see California gas this low again. $1.89, Cas.
- tick
Then it's dragging him down off the table and tearing into his chest. He thinks he hears Cas call out to him, but he isn’t sure because everything is just so
“You’re retiring.”
He isn’t sure exactly how it happens, but she pins Cas to the wall and Dean to a table. He’s getting nervous now, because Lilith is stronger than Alastair ever was, and her white eyes fill him with the same level of unease.
It’s August. Sam has just left and Dad has taken off too. Dean’s sitting in a no-tell motel parking lot with his hands on Baby’s steering wheel. He doesn’t know where to go next. He considers Vegas, makes a list in his mind of why he deserves a break from the job, but can’t bring himself to turn the key and drive. Part of him wants to give up and go to a bar to drink until he isn’t able to walk. Part of him wants to go find Sammy in California and make sure he’s doing alright. Part of him wants to just drive to the nearest bridge and throw the armory in Baby’s trunk down into the water and drive till he’s sick, but he decides to head East instead and look for cases on his own. Sammy doesn’t need him anymore now that he’s an adult. Dad never needed him in the first place. The only thing left to do is hunt. It’s the only thing he
There’s a woman and child out there. The woman looks exhausted, deep bags under her eyes and a permanent grimace on her face. The girl looks sad and confused and Dean feels like he recognizes the look in her eyes as the same one that he had when he was younger.
“Sounds good.” Dean smiled, throwing the car into drive and turning up the radio, “Jericho here we come!”
She asks if he’s happy.
The man reaches out a hand, palm facing upwards and Dean pours the salt gingerly into his palm. No reaction, but he’s not sure whether to trust him yet. He pulls the knife out of his pocket, and pulls it through the center of his hand. No reaction.
Sorry this chapter is so short :( I'll try and post another one in a couple days to make up for it, but I just wanted to make sure I posted on time. I'm sure you'll all notice that Anna seems a lot more serious in this chapter than she was in I Know What You Did Last Summer, and I think it makes sense that she would be more "angel-like" personality wise due to the fact that Cas found her BEFORE she started hearing Angel Radio and also because she was fourish years younger than her original appearance in the show, meaning she has less human experience.
(See the end of the chapter for
Hi!! This chapter was SO hard to write, ugh :( I wish I could just translate the entire thing from my head and onto paper, because it is so difficult to verbalize a story when it plays out like an actual episode of the show in your head.
He turns to walk away, but Dean reaches out and grabs his shoulder, “Hold on, man! Don’t you have a name?”
Cas is good backup on hunts, too. He’s fairly formidable with the sawed-off Dean hands him on a vengeful spirit in New Mexico, but Dean decides he’s far better with a blade after watching him take down a shifter in Florida.
Dean almost tells him no, but the look in Cas’ eyes tells him it’d be better to just grab his keys and wait for his cue.
hihihihihi!!
They get a two bedroom apartment and Claire paints her room grey and pink and explains to Cas that those are the kinds of colors you see in a teenager’s bedroom and she’s just as mature as a teenager. Cas disagrees but doesn’t tell her that.
he could hear Sam’s stupid smug laugh ringing in his ears.
It’s almost December, and Dean has elected to find cases closer to the equator in an effort to stay warm. Cas doesn’t seem to care much about the temperature. Cas doesn’t seem to care much about anything. He doesn’t mind when Dean turns the music up in the impala that you can feel the bass through the seats. He doesn’t mind when they get stuck in a traffic jam and Dean starts to complain about newer cars and the way they’re built. He doesn’t mind when Dean insists they wait in line for an hour to see some crap action movie that really wasn’t worth the wait. Cas doesn’t seem to mind Dean’s company at all.
She nods, and Bobby tells her where her room is at. Cas knows they need to talk, so he excuses himself and goes to wait in the car to give Bobby and Dean space.
Dean waits. He waits for some big flash of light and then he’s no more. He waits for the man to grow claws and teeth and tear at him like an animal. He waits for an end that he ultimately realizes isn’t coming and nods slowly, leaning over to grab the salt sitting on the windowsill just a few inches away.
Claire is in the backseat, asking questions about angels and criticizing Cas’ responses because to her they’re “stupid and don’t make any sense”. AC/DC is playing quietly through the speakers, and Dean’s trying his best to tap along on the wheel and keep himself calm.
Castiel just hums in agreement, and Dean thinks it’s kind of nice to have someone else around.
“Cas?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Whatever.” Dean shrugs, “You can just sit on the bed and watch cable then, I guess. You need to get caught up on pop culture somehow.”
-----------------
Dean and Cas make it home.
So they head west toward some small town in Wyoming.
Cas' magazine -> https://www.ebay.com/itm/Sun-April-2005-Tabloid-Magazine-End-of-The-World-Asteroids-Nuclear-Apocalypse-/323860157093
He returns with the yellow-eyed demon, and Dean doesn’t think he’s ever seen someone lose their snappy attitude and cockiness as quickly as the demon does when Cas hands Dean his blade without a word.
------------------
(See the end of the chapter for
“Buddy, we’ve
They’re sitting in their motel room going over more of Crowely’s information when there’s a knock at the door. Cas is sitting closer to the door and Dean likes playing the injured card, so he makes him open it.
Alastair is there, standing over a tray of trinkets and sharp objects that are rusted and bloody. His meatsuit is some guy that Dean thinks he’s seen on a missing poster in Maine. He doesn’t care enough to ask.
Dean coughs uncomfortably before asking the man if he can help him.
He feels himself let go of some of the weight in his chest that drags him down.
“I’ve never seen any piece of digitized media.” Cas replies rather pointedly.
(See the end of the chapter for
-------------------
Dean takes it from him, and something about it feels right in his hands.
He wants to go after the other two, Alastair and Lilith, but Cas suggests otherwise. He suggests they wait and watch until the right time to go after them. Dean knows he’s right, but he can’t help wanting to be impulsive.
She smiles, “Can we get a dog?”
Everytime i start updating again something goes wrong :( Right after my last update, my dog ended up getting very injured and my entire schedule was throw off for months.
“Castiel.”
“Falling?”
“I don’t understand that reference.” Cas says with a frown, head tilting to the side.
Beside him, Castiel stands stoic, lips pursed as if he has something to say. The kid just hands him two sets of keys, tells him the room number, and pops another piece of gum in his mouth.
Dean’s relieved to see that of the top three, they’ve already taken out yellow-eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Right.” Dean clears his throat, “Cas and I need to get just one more case done, and we were hoping Claire could stay here with you for a couple weeks.”
He watches the man and woman in the rearview mirror as they speed off, but then he blinks and it's as if they were never there to begin with.
Cas handed the phone back, “I told Sam I do, in fact, have a phone. I told him you’d send him my number.”
Dean nods, “Uh huh… And are you going to be with me twenty four seven or?”
Dean is sitting inside of a motel room in Massachusetts. He’s alone again, not that he’s surprised. He talked with Sam on the phone two days ago, but the call was short and awkward and Dean had pretended that he was working a case just so that he could hang up. Dad hasn’t called, but Dean’s not really surprised.
“No, man. Are you, uh, alright?” he asks, and even though it's dark he knows Cas is frowning.
It’s June now, and Crowley has found Alastair.
“It's… not that kind of call.” Cas states hesitantly, “Just call to me aloud. Almost like an invocation.”
“Me either.” he says, but he thinks he’s ready to settle down.
“Hello, Dean.” he says curtly, standing across from him.
The demons show up three days later.
And Castiel confesses.
The man doesn’t blink, but a ghost of a smile graces his lips, “Not formally. You have heard me speak though I fear you didn’t understand me.”
Having Castiel with him is interesting, to say the least.
Cas kills two, and they exorcise the third to send a message.
The man at the head of the group is speaking, and Dean decides that he already hates him. His face is round and unkind and his gaze is icy and firm. The woman and man flanking his sides look just as unforgiving and Dean comes to the conclusion that he hates them too.
-------------------
“Yeah, I sent them. An-And no.” Dean says, “No, they don’t know. Not yet. You
. We got pictures of your body and-” he stops, scoffing, “You sent them, didn’t you? They know you’re alive?”
He'll find somewhere to develop them some time after the hunt. He’ll clear his old aliases, switch his number and change Baby’s plates, too. Anything to erase himself from the world. He doesn’t have a lot of connections with many hunters, but he knows just enough to make sure the pictures reach Sammy and Dad.
As promised: the second chapter of the day <3 If you're an It/Reddie/Stranger Things stan, I suggest checking out my other works!! See you all in three days for the next updates <3 :)
Cas tells Claire to come inside, and she does. Dean turns on the tv for her and tunes it to some kid’s show before stepping outside to talk with Cas.
“And then we’ll get some place in a nice town and retire.” Dean says it like he means it.
He’s standing on Sam’s doorstep now, Cas holding his hand and Claire standing to his side with a grip on the hem of his worn leather jacket.
It’s been two weeks and Dean is sitting in some crappy diner where all of the food is filled with two tons of grease.
-----------------
Love you all!!!!
Claire just frowns, “You’d ask a lot of questions if you were me.”
, because apparently that’s something he does regularly. Dean packs up his things and he and Cas drive to New Mexico.
I'm so so so sorry I haven't updated :( I just started junior year so school is going to be very tough this year. I'm definitely going to start updating again, but it will probably only be once a week. Thank you all so much for your comments <3 I love reading them and they make my day!! I've had so much homework this week, so I'm so glad to be writing and posting
“I’m sorry, Bobby.” he says in a strained voice, “I had to keep you safe.”
“Oh, yeah?”
The man hesitates slightly, and Dean thinks for a moment that maybe he
“So..” Dean starts awkwardly, “You aren’t trying to kill me, and I have no idea
Dean feels relief, and they make their way downstairs.
Cas nods, grimacing.
He’s almost worked himself up to drive out of the parking lot and towards the highway when the ringing starts. It’s quiet at first, and he almost convinces himself that the silence is making his ears ring before it gets louder.
------------------
Cas’ eyes stayed glued to the page, “I find it practical to learn about the year in which we currently reside. This is research, Dean.”
He pulls the trigger.
The thought crosses his mind, but he isn’t certain it is what he thinks it is until Cas whispers the word “hellhound”.
-----------------
She asks him if she is going to live with them from now on, and Dean tells her that she’s going to stay with his uncle for a bit and then they’ll get an apartment and that if she wants to, she can.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel blinks, awkwardly pulling the chair out and sitting down, “My apologies.”
“No, no. Nothing.” He said, staring quizzically at the screen, “It’s just… Sam texted. Guess he was serious about staying in touch or whatever.”
of questions. Right, Claire?”
The noise gets louder still and Baby’s windows shatter inwards before the sound ceases.
It starts slow, just one that Cas catched out of the corner of his eye. Dean exorcises it, but two more show up in its place. He exorcises those as well, but three new ones show up after that.
Dean reaches for his gun, but part of him knows it won’t do him any good.
Dean thinks back, but can’t possibly remember hearing the man’s voice, sure that something like that would stick out to him until-
Today is May second.
Thank you all so much for the kind reception of this <3 I was slightly hesitant to post it, as I've never posted any of my Supernatural works in the years I've been in the fandom. A reminder since many of you may not have read my other works: I gauge the success of my chapters via comments and write the next chapters based off of the reception I receive so don't be afraid to give an honest review and tell me what you'd like to see in the next chapter or in later chapters!!
She says that she thinks she does, and then asks Cas why he stutters so much for an angel.
see you soon!
It's the beginning of August when he sees Claire showing Cas how to make cookies in their oven, and he thinks he’s finally ready to see Sam. He and Cas take five days off of work and all three of them pile into the Impala to drive to California to visit Sam. He’s living in an apartment in Palo Alto  with his girlfriend, Bobby tells him. He gets the address and puts them up at a hotel fifteen minutes away.
