Tom looks up at him from behind the desk. “No skin off my back,” he says, and Dean sees him doing some calculations behind his eyes.
Dean shakes his head.
“I like the numbered place,” Cas says, menus for every place Sam has mentioned already pulled up on his laptop. “I’ve never had Italian food. Besides pizza.”
The parts of Dean that still blame Cas for everything—for keeping and losing Jack, for Mom, for Rowena, for staying too long, for leaving—boil right under his skin.
“You love me.”
“I want what you want, Dean.” He means it. A thread of sheer terror starts unspooling through Dean, and then dissolves into tenderness.
“Hey,” Dean says, offended, but she holds up a finger.
It was a brief kiss, brief and difficult. Not because it was bad. Just because Dean felt like he was being electrocuted. He wondered if it was leftover angel juice making him feel that way, but he had never felt that way kissing an angel before. When he pulled away, Cas’s eyes fluttered open, looking disappointed but resolute. Dean felt guilty but he didn’t know what for. Everything, maybe.
, which would be stupid to say out loud, so he doesn’t.
“No,” says Cas, his voice still thick. Dean’s heart skips a little in his chest. Or maybe it’s just the dangerously high blood pressure. “Dean hasn’t really spoken about it with me since his prayers.”
Wait - Kara - what? You called to tell me you're still in love with me but you're marrying someone else?
But he is—haven’t the past few months been proof enough of that? Things work out. Not all things, and sometimes it takes a long-ass time. But sometimes, some things work out. Sometimes, good things happen.
“We gotta get across town for dinner,” he says.
(grabs rolodex)
So whoever cast the spell wanted to punish Kara for loving Brad?
“Well, uh,” he says, sucking the inside of his cheek. “No. No fund. I had a little help from Sammy.”
“Are you all right?” Cas says, brow furrowed, reaching a hand out.
Dean thinks,
Dean’s abs hurt from laughing. He hasn’t had this much fun in a long, long time. When he gets them kicked off, Cas kicks his off too, and they look at each other for a beat too long.
—" (she nods pointedly towards Cas) “—vamps and wolves depleted, most of the ghosts yeeted off to the afterlife by whatever gate-closing mojo you guys pulled… Business has been pretty slow.”
No hex bags anywhere. Don't think Cas is having any luck either. And I didn't find any at Brad's place. I don't think it's her, man.
“But I didn’t,” says Dean. He doesn’t want Sam to know how much it hurts, how much it scared him. Sam is already so upset. “I’m okay, Sammy. I’m here.”
Cas’s confession, the one that killed him, runs at varying volumes and speeds in Dean’s brain near-constantly. He’ll just be sitting there, or he’ll wake up in the middle of the night, and suddenly:
“You love it,” says Dean, and he dangles them just close enough for Cas to grab. Cas rolls his eyes as he slides them back on his face, but Dean sees the spark behind and knows he’s right, which is confirmed later that evening when Cas shoves him up against the wall and says against his neck, “Would you like to try teasing me again? Go ahead. Try.”
He pulls Cas in a little closer and reaches down to unbutton his jeans (his own jeans, he thinks with some surreal quality). It takes him a second, and he feels Cas start to smile against him mouth.
“Sorry I’m useless,” Cas mumbles into his chest, still hoarse and raw, half-asleep, halfway through the movie, and it’s hardly 8 PM.
“Earth to Dean,” says a voice in front of him, and Dean startles hard, stuffs his phone back in his pocket. “Havin’ fun?” It’s Jake, eyes sparkling. Dean’s heart pounds for fear of being seen, but really he likes Jake—a gruff, rough motherfucker with surprising charisma. If you put Jake and Tom together, they’d probably make a pretty solid Bobby. The other two kids in the garage remind him of Kevin and Adam, respectively. He’s lost so many people that he rarely meets someone who doesn’t remind him of somebody.
“No, you—” says Dean, stepping backwards, pointing a finger. “You’re dead.”
“That’s… not technically true,” says Sam. “We had
Not news.
Sam chokes on air. If he'd been drinking anything, he would have spit it out. He tries to get his composure back. He knows how fragile Dean is about this stuff and really doesn't want to freak him out, but come on.
“There’s a lot I still don’t know about human sexuality,” he says. “But I know when something’s up with you.”
so Dean could either correct him or not correct him at all. He nods, ducks his head, slides into the garage.
“This is my guy,” Cas says, obviously bursting with pride behind a polite veneer. “Dean, this is—”
“Whoa whoa whoa, Danny Zuko, not so fast,” he says, walking over and untucking the shirt. Cas rolls his eyes but doesn’t protest. “You don’t do that to my clothes.”
Cas blinks, confused. “Jimmy’s degrees are in Religion and Philosophy.”
(quietly)
“You must be Cas’s husband,” she says.
“Hm?” Dean feels him adjusting in the sheets, lifting his head up slightly.
“You—married?” he says. “You? You two?”
Oh boy.
Thank you, Kara. Do you mind if we take a look around? It'll give you a break. Let us know if you think of anything.
“Do I need to put the gas station on the resume?”
Well... We would all have to tell our deepest, darkest romantic secrets. Just kind of clear the air so the curse doesn't have anything to grab onto.
“I didn’t actually use magic to get you this job,” Sam says, looking mildly offended. “I told you, it’s just a spell so nobody catches wise that it’s fake. The rest is just my prodigious resume-writing skills.”
Cas just blushes. Of course, Dean notes, biting back a smirk, he’s able to hold it together for everything but a compliment.
“That won’t be necessary, Dean. You gave up the bed last time. I can take the couch.”
“You are just a riot,” he says finally, wiping his eyes, catching his breath. “An absolute riot.”
He clears his throat. When he catches Sam looking at him, he nods his head towards the kitchen. Sam’s eyes go a little wider, and he tilts his head forward, as if to ask a question, and for a second Dean can’t figure out what the fuck Sam is trying to ask, and then he realizes. And he doesn’t know quite how to answer. So he shrugs.
“When I get my own clothes, I’ll be tucking my shirt in,” Cas says.
“You havin’ a good time?”
“A surprise?” Sam raises one eyebrow and squints the other eye, a classic Sam expression that Dean both missed immensely and is irritated by.
“Earth to Cas,” he says. Cas blinks and drops the spoon back in his mug. By then, though, the damage is done. “Do you… Do you wanna get out of here?”
No - no, I'm not in town. Actually, I'm calling because, uh, I've been cursed by a witch, so anybody who's secretly in love with me has kind of been handed a death sentence. So basically I need to know if by any chance you're in love with me.
“So let me get this straight,” Dean attempts again. “You left Heaven because it was like a high school reunion if you killed everybody at your high school, and now Jack’s up there, maybe not liking his lot in eternal life so much, hanging out with Gabe and the lady who made you try to kill me. Anything else?”
And there it is. The floodgates are open. Cas blinks at him, then lets go of Dean’s hands. Sits back on his heels. Looks down at his own hands, now folded in his lap.
Dean rushes forward to kneel on the bed next to Cas, setting the mug on the bedside table. He nudges Cas lightly, urging him to turn over, and Cas goes without a fuss. When he sees Cas’s face, Dean winces—it’s not just how sick he looks. It looks like he’s been crying, his eyes all red and puffy, his hair a little wet at the temples.
“You don’t have to say anything,” Cas repeats, eyes shifting across the room, onto the empty wall. In his lap, he squeezes his hands together.
Oh - oh, no, we're not, uh.
“You’ve got Cas now.”
Cas puts the bags down, then looks at the cheap watch Dean bought him from a Ross Dress for Less.
“Okay, Dean,” Cas hums into his neck. One hand comes to rest over Dean’s pounding heart. “I will.”
“Shut up, man,” Dean says without thinking, and immediately regrets it.
“I’d like to go back to the room,” he says, slow and deliberate. “For… reasons.”
“I know, I know.” Cas sighs, looking vaguely miserable in a way that he used to look all the time, but hasn’t very much lately. It’s almost jarring to see the expression now. “I just—when I make a mistake, I feel I need to bear the consequences.”
“Yeah,” he says. “I haven’t really either.”
“His what?” Dean nearly shouts.
“Damn,” says Dean, throwing an arm around Cas and taking a bite from the burrito in his other hand. “Maybe that hangover’s finally gonna kick your human digestive system into gear and save us some money.”
“Claire is. Well, she’s.” She’s a little like a niece, right? She’s a little like a lot of things. But he didn’t get stories straight with Cas before this—they really, really should have done that, he realizes now—and he doesn’t want to paint him into a corner by calling her a niece or a daughter or anything. He told Jake Claire was his kid—but then again, Ren and Jake probably don’t know each other, so no harm, no foul. “We had our hand in raising her. Her, uh, parents died when she was pretty young. So.”
“I mean it,” says Dean, mostly into Sam’s shoulder. “The money—and when you let me live here—it’s too much. I’m supposed to be the one—”
As Dean clenches his fists in nervous jealousy, Gregory just stares for what feels like a long time.
Cas makes a noise into Dean’s mouth and Dean stops kissing him just long enough to put their foreheads together.
A pause.
grace, and
“Shit, Cas,” he says, as earnestly as he can manage. “More than anything.”
“I’d think it’s obvious,” Cas mutters with a tinge of bitchiness that Dean is too confused by to be properly irritated or entertained.
“Go to Sammy,” Dean says. “He’ll take care of you.” Still putting everything on Sammy. Still asking Sam to do the hard work, clean up his messes. God, Dean thinks. It’s humiliating. He’s going to die humiliated in the woods, comforting someone else, killed by a random werewolf like any old mediocre hunter, not even bitten but shot with a regular gun. The fate he was destined for. He killed God and this is still what he gets. If he had died fighting Chuck then at least it would have meant something. If he had died saving someone. Doing anything but just standing there. “You don’t need me, Cas. You can have a good life without me.”
(then)
“Do you still have any of my counterfeit FBI identification?”
“Shit,” says Dean, and his impulse is to go to Cas, to comfort him, to care for him, but he doesn’t. He’s not sure if that’s a good idea. He’s not sure if Cas wants him to. “I guess so.”
“What?”
Apparently he was on the phone with his ex-girlfriend this afternoon, and then, like, immediately after he hung up, kaboom. Incinerated.
“I was, uh, I was gonna ask if Cas is excited to, you know.” Sam scratches the back of his head. “Have a house and everything. But I shouldn’t assume what sort of plans you guys have made.”
“Was that,” he says. “Was it good?”
“Last time I was in an Italian restaurant, I was on a date with Death,” Dean mutters, and Cas looks at him. “I mean, not a date,” he says. A pause. He shrugs. “We were in Chicago.”
And then they’re driving through downtown, and Cas is gazing intently at the storefronts, the people walking along the sidewalks. He’s been in cities before, definitely cities bigger and flashier than Lawrence, but he seems totally spellbound. Maybe it’s just the magic of being at home in a new place. Dean reaches over and scratches at his knee.
Cas comes back in wearing oven mitts, holding the baking dish out expectantly. He sets it down in the middle of the table.
“Chapstick,” Dean says, and Cas rolls his eyes, but he reaches into the drawer of his bedside table and pulls out a tube of lip balm, the same one Dean bought him over the summer. Dean wishes he’d use it more often. He likes kissing Cas—a lot—but the man has lips drier than a joke from a British comedian. When Cas is done applying it, Dean points to the water glass. Cas raises his eyebrows. Dean raises his. Cas takes a vexed sip.
“Everything looks… intact,” he says, relieved but still ashamed. “Dean, I should have been more gentle with you. I don’t know what came over me.”
Yep. Back to good old lying and cheating.
“Friends,” he says, pretending hard to be annoyed. “All right, okay. I’ll see you soon.”
The house needs a lot of work. It’s barely livable—holes in the walls, mold in the floor. Sam tells him he can move back in while he works. Dean refuses.
“Responsible,” Sam says as he takes notes. “I mean, we can put ‘sales associate’ on here if you want. Just can’t be that particular Gas-N-Sip.”
“Yeah, well,” says Dean, finishing off his beer. “Home Depot was before that.”
Instead of answering or rolling over, Cas launches into a coughing fit that has Dean bolting up to a seat in concern, his caretaker impulse immediately and desperately at odds with his fear of germs. His fingers grab Cas’s arm more tightly as he leans over to look at his pale face, half buried in the pillow, looking miserable.
“Okay, well,” Dean says, standing and heading towards the door, “you better tell Sam you’re headed over. We’ll come by for dinner. If he knew you were coming, I’m sure he’s got something planned.”
On Cas’s first day of work, Dean feels almost like a proud parent dropping him off at his first day of school. Then again, that’s weird, so he pretends he didn’t think it. He gives Cas his lunch, a kiss, and a “text me if anything weird happens” before sending him off. He’s not exactly sure what kind of weird he means—like, is it a bigger problem if the coworkers are bitchy, or if there’s somehow a monster attack? Probably not a monster attack, Dean reminds himself. Those aren’t his problem anymore. It’s just a hard thought pattern to get out of.
Sam told me he was able to destroy the penny and end the curse.
It wasn't a doctor. It was Rowena.
certainly doesn’t seem to be the nature of the area relative to other parts of town.”
Dean places his hand gently on the back of Cas’s head, feeling for a wound.
“Oh, so Sam gets a call and not me? Very cool.” He heads into the kitchen, shaking his head. “Beer?” he calls, then he pauses. “Wait. How old are you now?”
“I mean, you knew you were gettin’ a car,” he says, shifting nervously from foot to foot.
But it makes his heart hurt, how much Cas wants to be here for him. How hard he’s trying. Dean doesn’t even know if he’s trying at all—maybe it really is just second nature to Cas to care for Dean, whatever the cost. The thought makes him nervous in a way he can’t quite pin down.
“You’re ashamed to be seen with me. I embarrass you. You don’t want anyone to know we’re together.” He stands, his hands balled into frustrated fists at his sides.
“Charlie. Claire and Kaia. Me,” he says, looking at Dean with an expression that demands,
Cas is only gone a few minutes. That’s all Dean needs. Just a few minutes to close his eyes and think.
“Cas, what about you? Any thoughts about jobs?”
(looks at Marjorie)
Cas gazes inscrutably into his face, the way only Cas can.
Dean isn’t sure what to say, what to do. He’s not really a cuddler. But Cas looks so nervous, and it’s Cas, and Dean wants to reassure him—make him believe that everything will be okay. How can Dean make somebody else believe that when he doesn’t even believe it? He settles for draping an arm over Cas’s chest, burrowing down into his pillow.
“Goodnight,” says Dean when Cas turns the lamp out. It takes a moment for Cas to respond. He doesn’t say anything. In the dark, Dean feels a gentle kiss pressed to the side of his head.
Dean. What are you talking about.
Kara? Are you all right?
“So, what,” Dean says, “Jack’s not taking advantage of the built-in heavenly host of freshly reanimated employees?”
When he gets home, he doesn’t hear Netflix emanating from anywhere, and Cas hasn’t texted him in a couple hours. He’s probably asleep. Good—he needs the rest. Dean takes off his boots and tiptoes around in the kitchen, making some more tea so Cas can have it when he wakes up. He carries it into the bedroom, quiet, and sees Cas curled up, his back facing the door. Dean takes a second just to look, leaning in the doorway. As frequently as he sees it now, he doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to it: Cas asleep. Cas asleep in their bed. And then he hears a sniff.
“Well, I do like to see clothes off your body,” Dean says, and when Cas looks up at him he winks.
Cas frowns. “I don’t know if
“So you own this place?” Dean asks once the tour is over, but before anybody else arrives, and Tom smirks.
“Morning, Dean,” says Cas’s voice from across the room. Dean sits up, rubbing his eyes, and when his vision clears he sees Cas, half-dressed, making the coffee.
“It’s not today,” Cas says. “It’s not today.”  He touches Dean’s forehead with two fingers, caresses his jaw, puts his palm flat on his chest, every way he’s ever healed Dean, desperate for something, anything to work. When nothing does, he gasps like a dam has been broken in him, starts to sob. Dean has never seen him cry like this before. The only time Dean has ever seen Cas cry at all was the day he first told Dean he loved him, the day he was taken to the Empty for what they both thought was forever. “I’m sorry, Dean. I’m so sorry I couldn’t save you. I couldn’t protect you. I slowed you down, I—I distracted you. Dean, no, Dean.”
“It could be the very nice mattress,” Cas says. “Or maybe you’re just tired from months on the road.”
Basking in the endless entertainment of Cas’s rapidly cycling facial expressions, Dean is taking a sip the moment Cas says, “No, it’s short for Castiel.” He nearly spits out his beer.
“Look, you know I—” Sam covers the lower half of his face with his hands and sighs into them. “It’s complicated with Dad, okay? It’s always been complicated. For both of us. But mostly this just practical. I mean,
Despite everything, Cas sits up to make room for Dean on the couch. He tucks one leg up underneath himself, looking both anxious and stern.
Two weeks later, the renovations are coming along nicely, and Cas is officially a legal citizen not just of the United States but the planet Earth. He has all the necessary paperwork, scrounged up and forged by Sam and the Apocalypse World assimilation squad: Jimmy Novak’s degree in Religion and Philosophy from a tiny liberal arts college in Illinois; a driver’s license; a shiny new birth certificate, petitioned for in front of a courtroom (Cas in his FBI suit and Sam in his actual nice suit that he owns for his job), that reads
Castiel stops in his tracks. Rolls his eyes. Doesn't turn around.
“What?” says Dean, genuinely surprised by the question. “Yeah. Hunting is going well. Out on the open road.” He shrugs, takes another drink. Then, more quietly: “Cas is back.”
Hey. Hey. Sorry to interrupt. Uh, Kara just called. She walked in on the mother-in-law doing something, uh, weird.
Dean makes a decision: He physically can't lie, but he still can't bring himself to tell the whole truth.
“Yeah.” Dean clears his throat, still has no idea what to say. “I, uh, I was one of those one time. Got cured. Sucks for him.”
“I would gladly meet you under the bleachers,” Cas says, eyes flashing with amusement, and then he adds breezily, obviously comforted by Dean’s reaction, “Another reason to get married.
“Not at all.”
INT. BUNKER LIBRARY - NIGHT (DAY 2)
Dean leans in to give Cas one more goodnight kiss. Cas hums against his mouth.
“I’m—I’m sorry,” he says. “Maybe we shouldn’t have—”
“Dean, this isn’t your fault.” Cas grabs his head with both hands, looks him straight in the eyes. In the dark of the forest, under the starlight, Cas is glistening, the sweat on his forehead, the crazed, desperate look in his eyes. “Please. None of this is your fault.”
“I don’t know,” he says. “You know, maybe something about getting repeatedly violated by creepy-crawlies trying to trap me in a literal
“This is the water cooler,” he adds, pointing to the water cooler.
Damn it.
Brad, wait -
“Yeah, all right,” Dean says quietly, knowing Cas won’t hear him over the music.
“I’m—I’m fine,” Cas says with great measure. “I hit my head.”
cw also for discussion of addiction and internalized ableism by dean, king of the internalized -isms and -phobias (he's working on it)
“Seriously, Cas, text me if you wanna try D&D,” Ren calls after them. “I think you’d like it.”
“I never told you you had to leave,” says Sam.
“Dad?”
“I’ll be the best best man this side of the Mississippi,” he says, hoping nobody notices the edge of panic in his voice. “Not sure what kind of bachelor party you’re supposed to throw for a nerd, though.”
He must look ridiculous, trying to spit out words that aren’t coming, looking at Cas, every part of Cas, still trying to understand fully that he’s here. Cas places a gentle hand on his knee.
In the mirror, they each make eye contact with the other’s reflection. Cas kisses Dean’s shoulder.
Eileen greets them at the door because Sam is cooking. She hugs Dean, her hands light on his upper back, not even close to his wound but still gentle.
. Cas means
“Uh huh,” says Dean. He realizes that his eyes and mouth are all wide open and snaps all of them shut, placing a hand on his forehead. “Nudity. Yeah. Okay, but how are you here?”
“You’re ashamed of me,” he says simply.
She steps out of the way, still mostly dazed, and Dean’s grateful for the easy exit until he steps back into the living room to see none other than Gregory chatting Cas up, nearly pinning him against the wall. Well, okay, they’re not really near a wall. But the look Gregory is giving him is positively lecherous.
They’re packing in the early evening—separate bags, since Cas finally got his own small wardrobe and a duffel bag so he wouldn’t have to share valuable luggage space with Dean anymore—when Cas says, “So tomorrow, after this, you’re…”
. It’s not like he’s intentionally trying to hide Cas, per se, not really. But he’s entitled to his privacy. These people don’t need to know anything about his him besides how good he is with cars. “I hope Cas gets to feeling better soon.”
“All right,” he says. “Okay. Then let’s talk.”
“I don’t know,” says Cas, and he seems genuinely bewildered. “She asked about my work experience, which I had rehearsed extensively with Sam, and then she asked a few very specific questions about my experience as a member of the clergy, which I wasn’t entirely prepared for, so I panicked and told her the other story, about Jimmy’s disappearance and the supposed psychotic episode and subsequent brain injury, but obviously I told it as if it were me, and she seemed concerned, but I reassured her that I was fine now and that it had been a long time since I’d believed myself to be an angel of the Lord—which I suppose is true, in a way—and then that extended into a conversation about my own experience with homelessness, and I told her how much I learned about being human in that time, you know, about cruelty and kindness, circumstance, survival, and that I felt I’d lost my faith but was able to recreate it elsewhere, and then I realized she had begun to cry, and I apologized, and I—I got up to leave, but she told me to sit back down because my words resonated deeply with the mission of the organization and she’d be happy to go ahead and offer me the spot. So I said yes. And then I texted you.”
“A lot better,” Cas says, mouth full. “Still tired.”
, I guess,” he mutters, but then he feels like he’s being rude, so he looks up and does yet another weird smile-wave combo that he instantly regrets before he bolts into the adjoining room, throwing another quick “thanks” over his shoulder.
“Dean.” Cas doesn’t roll over. His voice sounds fucking rough, way worse than this morning. He takes a shuddering, labored breath that sends a chill down Dean’s spine. It seems like maybe he’s going to say something else, but he just devolves into another hacking fit.
INT. KARA'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT (DAY 3)
Thank you, Dean.
“Dean?” Cas says when they’re both in the truck. He runs his fingers over the steering wheel, admiring. Dean feels the stick of pride in his chest.
“Well,” Dean says, finally smiling, “good.” He decides not to push it. Instead, he glances at his watch. “Shit, I’d better get back to the garage.” He gives Cas one more quick kiss, says, “Love you. See you later.”
“Yes sir,” Dean says, unable to stifle a grin. He raps on the back window with his knuckles. “In great shape, too. Basically rebuilt her from scratch several times over.”
Claire rubs her hands together, raises her eyebrows.
“A resume?” Cas glances up again, kind of despondently. “I don’t have anything to put on a resume.”
“So…” he says, swinging back around in his chair and standing up. “Last night, huh?”
Two kids—Devon and Jermaine, both early twenties—show up and shake Dean’s hand too, and then Tom says, “Well that’s everybody,” and claps him on the shoulder. “Time to get to work.”
“I mean… He’s God,” Dean says helplessly. “He can do whatever he wants, right?”
“You’re Cas,” Dean repeats, rubbing a hand in slow circles on Cas’s back. “You’re good.”
Dean gets ready for bed. He reaches into his pants pocket, pulls out his phone, his wallet. Feels around. Doesn't find the penny. He shrugs.
“Thank you for understanding,” he says, as if Dean had reacted like a normal person. But pretending this way gives them both an out.
Castiel looks up at him: Are you sure? Dean doesn't react, just stares out at the road, still holding Castiel's hand. Castiel puts his eyes back on the road too.
for most of his life, and a part of him still kind of wants to turn back around and give Sam a piece of his mind. He clears his throat again. “You heard all that?”
“Just because I’m destined to be a lonely fuck-up doesn’t mean I have to drag you down with me,” he says. “It’s hard enough not to do it to Sam. You have to do what’s right for you and I can’t—you can’t let me convince you to give it all up for me. Not anymore.”
“But hey,” Dean says. He clears his throat. “Listen, I, uh, I appreciate the help. And I really can’t thank you and Eileen enough for helping Cas out with the job stuff. I mean, man, even the clothes?”
“Since when do you wave like that?” Dean asks, eyes narrowed, as they exit the building.
“How about you guys come over for a drink before?” Sam says. “I still wanna hear about the interview, but I don’t want to intrude on your
, he’s constantly trying to ignore that ache in his chest when he looks at Cas, the ache of
Cas presses his lips together and Dean can’t tell if he’s trying not to smile or not to frown.
“No,” he says, more forceful this time. “No, Cas, of course not. I just…” He’s so tired, in so much pain. He’s alive but Cas is unhappy with him, probably going to leave him after this. He can’t help himself: he starts to cry. “I really thought it was over. I’ve been waiting on it to be over for so long. And just when I’m starting to feel like I—just when I have something worth keeping… I thought that was it, you know? I thought that even though we killed Chuck last year, even though we’re finally supposed to be free, this was the universe finally telling me, no, Dean. Good things don’t happen. Not to you.”
“That’s—” Dean shakes his head. “Let’s not even go there.”
“Yeah,” Dean grunts. “Uh, sorry about that.” He sits in the third chair around the table, avoiding Claire’s gaze.
Dean squeezes his fingers around the neck of the beer bottle. For a second he pictures himself throwing it at Sam’s head. Doesn’t.
“Let’s go then,” he says. He drains his beer, downs the other shot, slams the glass down on the bar.
But it’s not just the sex: They keep going to drive-in movies and janky theme parks, random county fairs in the small towns they pass through, bars and even the occasional gay club (though none hold a candle, in Dean’s estimation, to the fine establishment in Water Valley, Oklahoma). They see fireworks in Pennsylvania on the Fourth of July. Stargaze on the hood of the Impala. Dean teaches Cas how to shoot pool and play mini-golf. At the shooting range, Cas surprises Dean by somehow suddenly being an incredible shot. They go swimming under a waterfall in Arkansas. They’re usually laughing. Sometimes they even dance in the motel rooms, to music real or imaginary. They’re having a good time. Dean can’t think of a time he was this happy. He doesn’t know if he’s ever actually been happy like this.
Jesus, dude. You've got it bad.
(deep breath)
That's my business, not y'all's business.
The HRB would lose it, right? Secret's safe with me, kid.
He’s gotta get to work.
It's about Dean.
Cas regards him strangely, a little irritably. “You know Heaven isn’t college, Dean.”
I mean, maybe. I think we should check it out. It's right in Kansas City, so if it's just her, we can knock this out and be home for dinner tomorrow.
Dean tries to kick Cas in the shin discreetly. The doctor narrows one eye at him.
I think this is the bad thing happening to Kara. Seems kind of like a punishment for both of them. She loved Brad.
“You look very much like the man from
“Hey there,” he says, sidling up to the counter. “Any chance you might be able to recommend me some good bars around these parts?”
“Oh,” says Dean. It makes sense: the knocking rather than appearing out of nowhere—he figures if Cas has been hanging in Heaven, he at least would have gotten his wings back—and the inability to do anything useful during a fight. The nudity and the stupid clothes. He isn’t quite sure what to say, so he says the first thing that comes to mind. “Well, ‘permanent’ doesn’t seem to mean a lot these days, whatever that’s worth.”
Dean shrugs.
“Yeah, okay.” Dean waves dismissively, brings the covers up over his face. “Put it away.”
“Oh, sure, haven’t struck enough
“Good things do happen. Good things do happen. We happened. You happened to me, Dean. You are the best thing—the
Dean looks at him like he doesn't totally buy it. Maybe, Castiel thinks, it didn't take - maybe this can't be erased -
Cas sobs again, grasps Dean’s hand so tightly that his fingers go numb.
“She told us a gay bar on purpose,” Dean says, shaking his head, ignoring whatever Cas is saying. “I can’t believe it.”
Sam waves a finger back and forth between Dean and Castiel.
—he can see Cas devising a sermon behind the eyes. Here he goes.
When Cas walks in, Dean rushes over a little too quickly to greet him, only slowing his roll when he gets within hugging distance. Doesn’t want to seem too eager. Then he realizes that’s stupid because they literally live together. But then Cas throws his arms around Dean like he hasn’t seen him in years—whispers right in his ear, “Hi. I missed you, Dean.” Dean relaxes into his touch, nuzzles against his ear, a massive weight lifting off his shoulders. Okay, so maybe he was being super normal all day after all. Or at least if he wasn’t, Cas wasn’t either.
(then)
“Okay, queer eye,” says Dean, and then he feels kind of bad about saying it. He glances around to make sure no one else heard. Is that homophobic? Is he homophobic? Sure, he used to be, a long time ago, with John looming over his shoulder physically or otherwise, but now he isn’t. Now he's... whatever he is. And the beer is starting to remind him what he’d spent weeks burying: that he and Cas kissed on the first night Cas got back. He shakes his head hard like it could get the thought out.
“I do,” Cas says thoughtfully. “Between adjusting to humanity, and my job, and you, and Jack—” Cas stops short, biting off the rest of the sentence like he doesn’t want to continue.
He does it, but he grumbles under his breath the whole time. “Makin’ me feel like Bobby,” he mutters. “Again.”
“Don’t hate me for saying it, man.”
“Do you want to talk about it?” Cas looks Dean right in the eyes, and he feels discomfort tying itself up in his stomach. “Any of it?”
“Uh,” says Dean, suddenly panicking. “Well, it’s.”
“We’re only supposed to do this at the end of the world,” Dean says. “C’mon.”
Ren nods, satisfied for now.
“Why would we hunt Nessie?” says Claire, suddenly concerned. “She’s harmless. Right?”
“Actually,” Dean says when Cas peeks around the doorway as well, “maybe we should get going.”
“I’m serious,” he says when the roll it into his room and ask him to sit. “I can walk up out of here on my own two legs. I don’t need the fuckin’ chair.”
“I’m—” he says, reaching up to stroke the side of Cas’s face. “It’s okay, Cas. I don’t expect you to singlehandedly keep me alive.”
After breakfast—which was probably actually lunch, given the time—they get dressed, and they’re discussing what they want to do with their weekend when there’s a knock at the door.
“We decided it’s worth it,” Eileen says, grabbing Sam’s hand and stroking her thumb across the back of it. He smiles back at her. They look so normal, picturesque: Eileen, in her red sweater, her hair pinned back; Sam, still in the process of greying out, wearing a flannel like always, but like, it’s clean, with no holes.
“You almost died,” says Dean. “And I had to tell you to give the baby Tylenol.”
“I mean, if we’re going to make a home here—” Cas says, placing a hand in the small of Dean’s back, “well, if we’re going to be here forever, we might as well like the wall color.”
“Rum and Coke?” John D asks, pointing at Cas, who nods. Then he looks at Dean. “You keepin’ good watch of him?” He’s still pointing, now right at Dean’s chest, head lowered, eyes raised, cheerfully accusatory.
He tries not to think about Jack. He really does. And then, when he inevitably fails to do so, he feels guilty for trying not to think about Jack. Thinking about Jack feels like someone sticking their hands into his chest cavity and rearranging things with no intentional sense of design. But Jack is fine, he reminds himself. Jack is literally God. He couldn’t be more fine. At least Dean didn’t fuck him up
I don't think you're gonna.
He heads over. The coroner gives a questioning look. Dean smiles a little, shakes his head. The coroner looks even more confused for a second, then seems to have a realization. Dean doesn't notice.
I don't know if I should even say this, but it makes sense. Like, I've kind of always wondered.
“Hey, I’m kinda hungry,” Dean says. “Mind grabbing me something to eat?”
Dean listens.
“Well,” he says, “I won’t repeat myself. If you’re good with this, then I’m happy for you, dude.”
“You’re not a burden. You’re obtuse and stupid and I worry about you. But you’re not a burden, okay?”
Dean ducks his head and basically jogs out of the room. When he's been gone for a few moments, Castiel can finally speak.
So Cas kicks off his shoes and Dean pulls him into the bedroom, both of them sliding a little in their socks, and he flips on a Buddy Holly record he’d taken when he moved out of the bunker, then grabs Cas’s hands and spins the both of them in a circle. They sway back and forth for a second, then he pulls Cas in close, closer.
“That’s fine,” Cas says.
“Just, uh, talking about my kid. You know.”
“Right,” says Dean. “You’re my friend.” He walks by, claps Cas on the shoulder. “I’m your friend too, buddy.”
“So I take it the interview went well?” Dean says as Cas opens the car door.
He could see how tired Cas was—reminded himself Cas was human now. Needed sleep.
“Yeah,” says Dean. He sits on the edge of the bed, unwilling to face Cas directly. “I know.”
Cas also finally gets glasses—just reading glasses, nothing he has to wear all the time, but Dean still teases him relentlessly. Calls him Poindexter, snatches them off his face while he’s trying to read.
“They had extra clothes,” Cas continues. “They told me they understood my energy.”
“Hey,” Dean says seriously, but he’s smiling. “You got no idea the places that car has taken me and the people I’ve fit into it.”
“I’ve changed a lot over the years, Dean. So have you.”
“You can keep going,” he says. “You can keep doing what you were doing before.”
sexy, is it supposed to be? Will he get in trouble for ogling Cas’s boss? Will he get in trouble for not ogling Cas’s boss
The way that Cas looks at him is measured but fond. Dean knows he’s having exactly the same internal debate that Dean was having earlier: accept or press? He settles on a hum of interest, a gentle scratch at the nape of Dean’s neck.
Man, come on. You know the only reason I do crap like that is 'cause I'm trying to disguise my insecurities about my own sexuality with humor.
“Are you expecting someone?” Cas says, and Dean shakes his head.
“Have you had anything to drink all day?”
“I feel—” Dean says, tears stinging at his eyes again. Fuck. So stupid. “I don’t want your money anymore. You’re not supposed to take care of me. I’m supposed to take care of you.”
INT. KARA'S APARTMENT - HALLWAY - DAY
“I’m proud of you,” he says simply, and then he reaches for the laptop. “Now, dinner.”
talk about you—I mean, the guys at the garage probably have no clue if you’re my wife or my roommate.”
Sam looks thoughtful for a moment. “Okay, like nonprofits, charities, that kind of stuff. Got it.”
Castiel stands, walks over to the bed. Before he sits down, he asks:
“If you’re referring to the Springsteen song,” Cas mumbles, only partially awake, “pretty dark reference.”
“That must have been Emily and Safiya. They like to take their lunch outside.” Somewhat conspiratorially, he adds, “Sometimes I join them. It’s lovely.”
Dean meets up with Sam in the hallway outside Kara's bedroom.
“I wouldn’t have expected onions to have a defense mechanism against cutting,” he says, staring at his hands.
For a second, Gregory looks confused. Then he leans his head back in uproarious laughter.
“Dean,” he says, “do you understand how difficult this is for me?”
“Beer,” says Dean.
“Isn’t that what Cas is short for? Casper? Is it Cassidy? Cassius?”
Bridget smiles warmly and turns back towards her husband, who’s wearing a green bodysuit and a yellow cape. He looks kinda silly, but Dean respects a man in costume and he’s not gonna say shit about it.
“Wh—no,” he says. “What? Of course not.”
Inside, the receptionist, another young lady, eyes him with curiosity.
He kisses Cas again, and Cas starts to relax. Then, suddenly, Cas has hooked an arm around him, is rolling the both of them over so Cas is on top. Dean wants to crack a joke about angel strength but he’s too turned on. Cas is kissing down his neck, his chest, still trying to unbutton Dean’s button. Finally he manages it, with a triumphant little hum, and tugs them down slightly below Dean’s hips, kissing his hipbone.
“Also,” Dean says, brandishing a finger, “also, what the hell? What happened back there? You could have helped me out a little.”
“Garage?”
“Just a couple months. Wasn’t spending much time here.” Dean stands carefully—he’s feeling pretty good, all things considered, but he keeps being afraid he’ll knock something loose. What exactly, he isn’t sure. “It’s hard to decorate when the whole house needs to be gutted first. And then I decided to go back out on the road and—you know.” Dean doesn’t want to say the obvious—that this isn’t home to him, probably never will be. He should be grateful, he reminds himself, that he has a place of his own to come back to. He and Cas.
(slams book shut)
“Right,” says Sam. “Yes. So a couple of weeks. But we’ll be back.”
“I am happy to see him,” he says sincerely, plainly. “And I’m happy to see you too. It’s just… It’s just a shock, you know? It’s gonna take some adjusting.”
Spill your guts, then. That's okay. I'll catch them.
Kara shrugs, apologetic.
Then it hits everyone all at once: Dean has the curse. They're all slightly different flavors of horrified. Dean's is tinged with humiliation.
I love you too, Dean.
Without Cas right there next to him, he spins his wheels. First, literally: He pulls into the driveway of the house and then right back out. It’s instinct, impulse—he’s alone for the first time in a while, so why not go for a drive? But after about an hour of driving it occurs to him that he can’t leave Lawrence, doesn’t even want to. All he’s really trying to get away from is the fact that he doesn’t have anything to try to get away from, so there’s only so far he can go.
You'd be surprised.
“Oh, please,” says Dean. “Me and Sam? You could have gotten better person lessons from a preschool.”
“Maybe we should send some food with her. She seemed so hungry.”
“You don’t have to know everything yet,” says Sam. “I’m just saying. Next steps? Career plans?”
“I’m sorry,” Dean says weakly. “I don’t—I just don’t wanna—please tell me I’m not a burden.” It’s a dumb thing to ask but Dean’s exhausted and past caring.
“I just still don’t get why you don’t want to break into the Men of Letters fund.”
When he gets back home it’s still morning. He throws his keys in a dish on the counter and looks at the living room, the kitchen. Not finished, not nearly, but getting closer every day. And what then? He could knock out a good chunk of work today if he tried, but he’s feeling restless, not motivated. He flops into the one big chair in the living room and thinks about how empty it all looks, how sterile. They’ll have to get some real furniture soon. Dean’s stomach churns a little bit and he wonders if he’s hungry, or maybe really-super-not-hungry. Can’t tell. He checks his phone. Nothing from Cas, obviously, because Cas is having a nice, normal first day of work—probably orientation, meeting his coworkers. Cas, with coworkers. Probably saying some absolutely buckwild shit, white-knuckling it through polite society. Or maybe he fits in fine. Either way makes Dean feel just a little pleased and just a little heartbroken. Guilty too. He wants Cas to have a good time, to be able to belong to something outside Dean’s purview—of course he does. But it’s also the first time in months that they’ve been separated for more than a couple hours, really. Before that, radio silence for nearly a year; before that, well, it was complicated. So he’s got good reason to be a little antsy. It’s normal, he tells himself, over and over. It’s normal.
A hundred different feelings cycle through Dean and he only knows names for like four of them: fear; guilt; anger; relief. Arousal. So five. Hunger is no longer one of them, at least, so he puts the burrito down.
“Sorry, god, sorry,” Dean says after a few moments. “Gettin’ snot all over your nice new clothes.” He sniffs and stands up straight, his hands on Cas’s waist.
“He… introduced himself?”
finally, we made another playlist to go with the first half of this chapter! behold, the destiel road trip playlist (best played on shuffle): https://rb.gy/tyu1bv
Cas’s eyes widen too. “My what?”
Then:
He keeps a rolodex with all the numbers he gets from girls. Very low tech.
“Pizza-winner,” Cas says, straight-faced, typing.
Dean literally stuffs his entire fist into his mouth to prevent himself from saying anything else.
INT. KARA'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY
“Yeah?”
“So becoming a perma-human finally grew him a funny bone,” Dean mutters. “Okay, okay. Almost there.”
“Will do,” says Dean. He grabs his bag off the floor—there’s just one bag between him and Cas because they wear the same clothes. Cas doesn’t really own anything anymore, besides a toothbrush and a Chapstick Dean grabbed him from CVS, some underwear, and the tennis shoes the campers gave him.
After—and after they’ve cleaned up, and after Dean has reminded Cas to hang up his suit—Cas snuggles back up against Dean in bed.
Castiel attempts a smile. Dean smiles back. He grabs Castiel's hand and places the penny in his palm. Then he walks back towards the car.
Dean wonders how a person can be so rude and so polite at once.
Yeah, Melanie, hi. This is Dean. We hooked up last year. I know you may not remember me, but -
glare. Lots of nonverbal communication tonight. Whatever. Then he starts thinking: Is he being shitty? It becomes suddenly apparent to him that he’s being mean to Cas on purpose, and he isn’t sure why. Is it about the last time Cas was a human, all the baggage there? That lady from the gas station? About being jealous that Cas might have a job before him? That Cas is capable of a desk job and Dean—well, he probably isn’t?
“Oh,” Dean says finally, disappointment roiling in his gut. “So you don’t want us there? You don’t want me there.”
I'm sorry, Sam.
“I just didn’t want you to think I expected anything of you.” Cas sighs, but his voice is sincere. “I’m happy with what we have.”
“Yeah?” Dean turns to look at him. “He ever talk back?”
“Dean,” he says finally, nuzzling against Dean’s temple. “Hey. What do you want?”
he wants to say.
, he thinks,
“When you said you were
Great. Well. I'm happy for you. But that's not exactly the same thing as telling him you love him.
“Oh,” says Cas. “I guess I assumed—I don’t know.”
“My brother lives across town with his girlfriend,” he says. “And I’ve got—” He panics. Shit. Shit. He doesn’t know how to talk about Cas in public. He’s never really had to. “Uh, you know. The ol’ ball and chain.”
, so he bails. “You’ve gotta at least drink water when you’re sick. No wonder you feel so shitty.”
Dean laughs. He’s not sure why, but he laughs. Cas looks scared, then confused, then upset, then resigned.
“Garage,” he says.
Dean locks himself in the bathroom, grips the counter, stares at himself in the mirror. Rubs one hand over his face. It’s fucking embarrassing. He can’t picture a future with Cas without having a meltdown. And it’s not that he doesn’t want a future with Cas—it’s that he wants it so, so much. He’s going to jinx it, he thinks. He’ll imagine it and it’ll make him happy and then it won’t happen, because he’s not allowed to have what he wants.
They’ve been doing the two-bed thing since they had the discussion, and they haven’t talked much about it since, but sometimes they kiss—like yesterday morning, when Cas made the coffee and kissed Dean on the cheek as he handed him a mug—and sometimes, as they’re falling asleep, Cas will say “I love you” so quietly Dean’s pretty sure Cas thinks he’s already asleep. But the past two weeks have been nice, really nice, and Dean has been thinking for a couple days that maybe he’s ready to try having sex again—even ready to start coming home at night falling asleep next to Cas, without a side table and a couple lamps between them. He figures this is the least subtle way he could demonstrate those thoughts without saying them out loud, which he doesn’t really feel like doing.
Oh well. He shakes his head slowly. Leaves the bathroom.
I'm fine, Dean.
Dean can’t help but huff out a laugh at that, and he feels bad, but come on. Stressed? This is the least stressful shit has ever been.
Not doing that.
Dean comes back in and Sam and Castiel immediately try to pretend they weren't talking about anything, which makes them look very suspicious.
“Actually, yes.” Cas walks over, kneels by the side of the chair. Takes Dean’s hand. “You’re generally quite fastidious about your living spaces.”
Oh, hey!
Sam's is tinged with hysterical laughter.
Okay, enough. Your turn, Cas.
“Yeah, I fell off a ladder and sprained my shoulder a little while ago fixing that up.” Dean flexes his arm. “All good now.”
“We shouldn’t have done it,” Cas says decisively. “I’m sorry.”
“Cas, I know I keep saying this,” Dean says through his teeth, eye screwed tight, “but seriously, if you wanted to be up there with him—if I hadn’t asked you to come back, y’know, you wouldn’t be laid up with a cold right now—"
“Cas!” he shouts. “Move!”
“You’re looking for Cas,” interrupts the one whose mouth remains uncovered. “Yeah, he’s inside. You’re Dean, right?”
Witch stuff, probably.
Dean shakes his head.
“Looks like it’s bedtime,” he says, pushing himself off the couch. Cas sits up a little straighter. “Night, everybody.” He taps Sam’s shoulder as he exits the room, and Sam taps his hand back.
“I’m sorry you feel bad,” Dean says again. He doesn’t really know what else to say.
He thinks about Cas, asleep right down the hall. This really is his life now. Cas in his bed every night, every morning; a house; a job. Dinner at Sam’s several times a week. Claire visiting on occasion. Jack, out there, somewhere, kind of. Every few days he has to process it all anew. But at least he’s processing. A few years ago he would have ignored reality, whatever it was, until it came to collect. Now? Well, he’s here, at least. He’s present. Or he’s trying to be.
“Yeah,” says Dean. “Kids’ll go off to college and stop answering your calls.”
While the bartender is grabbing their drinks, Dean looks at Cas surreptitiously, like he’s afraid someone will see him looking. He was mostly joking about the absinthe, but he realizes for the first time that Cas really is starting to look like the version of himself from Camp Chitaqua: the hunting clothes, the stubble that’s now on its way to beard territory, since he hasn’t shaved since he arrived. He looks more like that version of Cas than the actual last time Cas was human. Dean feels a chill run down his spine. But this isn’t that Cas. This is this Cas.
I really want to kiss you.
Dean racks his brain for the shit Sam put on his resume. Customer service? He can’t remember. He really should have given it a once-over this morning.
“A kid,” Jake says, swaggering back over to the nearest car and popping the hood. “Well, it’s nice to finally learn something about you. How old?”
“The interns are out to lunch,” Cas says, pointing to a cluster of smaller desks, “but I’m sure you’ll meet them later.”
“Uh,” Dean says.
(judgmental)
“Don’t think,” Dean says, unbuttoning Cas’s jeans. “Don’t ask. Just do.”
They stay like that for a moment, just swaying, then Dean pulls back, grinning, and mouths along to the song, eyebrows raised:
“I called 911,” Cas says, rubbing a hand over his face. “I should have—I didn’t even think about it. I should have called earlier instead of trying to heal you. I know I’m human. I don’t know what I was thinking. I just sat there, I just sat there while you—"
What he really wants to say is
“Figured.” Tom eyes the Impala again. “’67?”
“I don’t know,” Cas sighs. “I wish he would return my prayers.”
“Oh,” he says. “Cool. Yeah. Well, I’ll just—” He gestures to the door. “Inside.” He spins on his heel to get inside as fast as possible, but turns again at the last moment, giving them a finger-gun and a mouth click. “Thank you.”
“Jesus,” says Dean. “Now that’s a nightmare. Forget bein’ shot.” He looks to Cas, laughing, but Cas just gives him a shrug.
, they’ve all rehearsed saying, just in case,
Unfortunately, she has a point. Dean coughs.
(then)
He passes some time just staring at his phone like that, and then it’s noon, but he’s still not hungry. He throws together a sandwich anyway, deli meat and mayo, a small, pathetic feeling creeping in, like he’s still the lonely bachelor he can’t fight the feeling he’s meant to be. He wants a real kitchen again. A real, working oven. And he’ll have that soon, he reminds himself, as soon as he pulls through. There are some other things he wants in the house: a guitar, a bigger TV, a bookshelf lined with sci-fi and fantasy. He has time for that stuff now, he supposes. It doesn’t really feel like it. Mostly it just feels like he’s waiting. For what? Something.
“Well,” says Cas, looking away from Dean, his hands clutching at his own thighs nervously, “I know you’re disappointed about Sam and Eileen’s nuptials—or, the circumstances surrounding them, I suppose—but maybe…” He stops. Dean’s heart pounds in his chest. “Maybe, if someday, theoretically, we were to get married, we could have the big wedding.”
“I—I want you back, Cas. I need you back. I would do anything to have you back. I am never gonna be happy unless I get you back.”
Silence.
“That’s—I mean—” Dean scoffs. First the engagement, then the disinvitation, now this. It’s too much all at once. “You trying to kill me? Somebody dare you to set some kinda fuckin’ world record, man? You’re not serious about this.”
Dean thinks,
“No,” he says simply. “I couldn’t have.”
“Right,” says Cas. He doesn’t say anything after that. He’s quiet, like maybe he expects Dean to say something. Dean doesn’t know what he wants him to say.
“Hey,” he says as he pulls away, and he gives his best rakish smile so Cas knows he’s joking. “I’m not even thinking about marriage until I know what to call you.”
but fucking duh. Of course Cas would go to Sam. It’s not like Dean and Jack parted on the best of terms. Besides, Sam has always related better to Jack: Freaky superpowered teen stuff. Lucifer stuff too. And he’s always gotten to be the fun one, Dean thinks, only slightly bitterly, all pencil tricks and ice cream and Star Wars.
(muffled)
There’s a long silence. Dean shouldn’t have said anything, he knows it. It was better to just pretend Jack never existed, to forget about everything that happened. Jack’s fine. He’s fine far away from Dean. That’s all there is to it.
He sighs, and then he says, “I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.”
“No,” says Dean again, quiet.
The statement strikes fear into Dean’s heart, but he laughs anyway.
“Affirmative,” says Cas. “Staying in the car.”
“Well, we don’t have a guest room, but you can try the couch.” She shakes the candy bowl again. “Want some?”
“Well, if he doesn’t come back, maybe that’s because you make him feel like he can’t go anywhere.”
, he realizes,
With great pain in his eyes, Dean says:
“Rock-like,” says Dean. “Amazing. It’s a wonder what getting shot can do for you.”
“Are you going to have dinner over there?”
“Not a lot.” He says it a little too defensively, and when Cas looks the tiniest bit crestfallen, he clarifies, “That’s my personal business. That’s not the point. Point is, when I
Instead of saying anything, Cas brings Dean’s hand up to his face, kisses his knuckles, then his wrist. “I appreciate that,” he says eventually. “Thank you. It’s forgotten.”
“I don’t know,” says Dean. “I haven’t thought about it in a while.” It’s true. Other than the couple of times when supernatural entities have forced him to live out his fantasies to keep him subdued, he’s never really put the effort into imagining a future for himself that doesn’t involve hunting.
“Oh, rich,” says Dean over his shoulder, already in the hall.
Kara? It's, uh, the agents. We wanted to talk to you about what you saw.
“I’ll keep an eye on him,” he says. John D winks and walks away.
“Cas,” he says, “did you eat lunch?”
There’s a lot, he thinks, climbing into bed with a sandwich and a beer and his laptop, clicking play on
“I am your friend.”
He claps a hand down on Cas’s shoulder hard, looks him in the eyes. His vision is, admittedly, a little fuzzy, but Cas has never looked better, never looked happier, never looked kinder or softer or more beautiful. More human.
When he gets out of the shower, Cas is in bed, reading a copy of
INT. CASTIEL'S ROOM - NIGHT
“Sam is making pasta,” she says over her shoulder, not checking for responses.
He joins Cas on the floor, just far enough away that their shoulders don’t touch, and Cas side-eyes him, somehow looking mournful and grateful at the same time.
“Yes, Dean,” he says, like it’s the easiest thing in the world.
“What if that’s what I want?” Dean is still holding the empty beer bottle, fidgeting with it, rolling it between his fingers.
“Anybody want coffee?”
Finally Cas takes a break from his immersive Googling to call Sam and tell him the good news.
Dean blinks, shakes his head slightly.
There’s a bang.
The house is nice, bigger than theirs, with furniture that looks like well-kept vintage and lots of colorful art on the walls. Makes sense for artsy nonprofit types, he guesses. He peers down the hallway and sees a few vaguely familiar silhouettes. It’s been a while since the last time he saw these people, and some of them he probably hasn’t even met yet.
Exactly. After three days.
“I dunno,” says Dean. He takes a bite of his food just to avoid talking. He should know better than to try that, he recognizes, because Cas would just sit and stare at him for hours, given the necessity or the opportunity. He chews, swallows. “I mean, I’m just not really used to, uh, fancy restaurants. That’s all.”
Dean smiles, gives her arm a reassuring squeeze, and she moves on to Cas, who she nearly tackles. Cas, taken off guard, wraps his arms around her slowly, like she might be a mirage. Dean sees why Cas might be surprised; it’s a pretty different greeting from last time, polite as she may have been. At this point, though, Dean knows Eileen well enough to know that when she’s in, she’s all in. Whatever they’ve talked about over the summer plus whatever Sam texted her throughout the last week must have sold her on Cas’s return. And besides—not like she can’t sympathize with coming back from the dead.
“That’s it, mostly,” Cas says, nonchalant. He turns back around.
“Our son,” he confirms, almost in a whisper, then presses a quick kiss to Dean’s mouth. “Thank you, Dean.”
Dean shrugs. “I don’t know,” he says. “I just decided I wanted it. And, hey, I was right.”
“That’s wonderful, Dean. What kind of job?”
“When we found out you were coming, we bought the stuff to make pie,” he says. “You know, premade crust and stuff.”
Dean suddenly feels all his fear melt away. It’s Cas. He knows. There’s nobody else in any world that makes him feel like this.
Nice to meet you, ma'am. Did you know the deceased?
“Is there something to be done with the dishes?” he asks. Dean looks down at his own plate with the tiniest sense of guilt. He hadn’t even thought about taking it to the kitchen.
You just kind of left in a hurry. I'm - I'm sorry for ribbing you about April and Meg, man.
“I just, uh,” Dean says. “Need a sec.”
She giggles and waves at him—then turns and waves shyly at Cas too.
Cas shrugs, but Dean can feel that his shoulders are relaxed. Dean turns the TV back on and flips until he finds a black-and-white Western, which they watch in companionate quiet until Dean starts to yawn. He gets up and gets ready for bed, brushing his teeth, sticking the extra burritos in the ice chest and hoping they stay edible. When faced with the decision of which bed to get into, he gets into his own, but Cas doesn’t seem bothered.
“Night, Cas,” Dean says. He turns off the last lamp.
Cas smiles a real smile, finally.
“Don’t—don’t tell me you love me. Just…” He puts his mouth around Cas’s dick, closes his eyes. He hears Cas’s head hit the wall.
A gruff voice on the other line says, “Is this Dean?”
Man, I'm glad we went out for breakfast. I was starving. That last hunt really took it out of me.
“Yes,” Cas says. “Of course.”
Then Dean thinks of all the times over the summer when he’d picked something up for Cas without being asked (t-shirts, books) and Cas would go all moony about it. He thinks, for the first time in a long time, about the Zeppelin mixtape he made Cas a few years ago. How Cas had tried to give it back—how Dean had to explain,
“No,” Dean says emphatically, “no, it’s not that. I just.” And then something wells up from a place he doesn’t recognize: “I—I wanted to tell you how my day was and you weren’t here.”
Cas is more upset—like, normal person upset, not raging angel or confessional despair or mourning a death—than Dean has seen him since… Well, since he left the bunker after Rowena died.
When Dean is finished—it doesn’t take long—they both suddenly seem to realize they’re on the floor.
“I don’t know.” They stand in silence for a second, not looking at each other, until Dean hops up to sit on the counter. Sam comes and takes Dean’s place leaning in the kitchen doorway. “I still think I’d be a good mechanic. And I’d like it. It just feels extra weird because—”
Cas is quiet for what feels like a long time. “I’m worried about him,” he says finally.
But he remembers how, while they were cleaning up all the angel residue, the baby had started crying, and how Cas had rushed over to pick her up, had said “shhhh, I know, shhhh,” the most human thing Dean had ever seen him do by far—how panicked he had looked, his eyes wide, forehead wrinkled up, saying, “She’s sick, Dean, I called her mother but I don’t know what else to do.” Cas, who had almost just been killed for how desperately his soul was crying out with need, with loneliness, and here he was, caring for this tiny person he had no obligations to. And now Dean’s thinking about Jack, and—Jesus, what the fuck is wrong with him today?
“So there’s the Casbah if you just want burgers, but like, nice burgers.”
“I wasn’t there,” Sam says through tears, kneeling at the side of Dean’s bed. “I let you go out and hunt alone and you almost died. You could have died.”
She exhales loudly, looking surprised.
thing anyway; Lisa worked odd hours so he never had anybody coming home to him from a 9 to 5. But it’s the right thing to ask, right? It’s what you do when your—when—when the person you live with comes home from work. So he wants to do it. “Well. Did you do anything else?”
Well, I'm sure you admitting to being a 400-million-year-old almost-virgin would be considered a deep, dark secret by the powers that be. So I guess it's my turn.
2) this is a long chapter and it's the last time i'll be posting before the finale!! but FEAR NOT because i WILL be back soon. from now on i'll probably be on a once-a-week posting schedule. but believe me: there's a lot left here, lmao.
“I just—” he starts, but the whole thing feels stupid now. Futile. He scratches the back of his head. “Home Depot?”
And it’s true, though that’s the first time he’s said it out loud—when he thinks about what jobs he might like, he thinks about being a mechanic, and then he thinks about the time he almost got permanently trapped by a djinn in a fantasy where he was a fuck-up working in a garage who stole from Sam. And then he thinks about owning a bar, and he thinks about Rocky’s, and Michael trapped in his brain, screaming, banging on the door. He thinks about going back to construction, but it reminds him of Lisa and Ben. So there aren’t really any untainted options.
Wait - April? That's seriously the only time you've had sex?
“Yes we do. I’m serious. You guys have always had a complicated thing going on and you always work it out. He came back to life for you, Dean—I’m sure we don’t need to have that conversation again.”
EXT. KARA'S APARTMENT COMPLEX - PARKING LOT - NIGHT
Sam Winchester.”
Castiel looks at Dean. He looks at Sam. He looks down at his own hands. If Dean is cursed...
“I don’t know, man,” he says, staring at the ceiling. “Last night was…”
Well, she took that relatively well, all things considered.
, surrounded by all those fuckin’… old people.”
No, Dean.
Dean is sitting outside Cas’s boss’s house in his car, dressed as Jim Kirk—which, all things considered, is mostly just a gold shirt and black pants, but he’d been so proud of himself when he thought of the idea. Of course he and Cas should be Kirk and Spock for Halloween. He made Cas watch the entirety of TOS in preparation, insisting on pointing out every time Spock did something Cas-like and whenever Kirk did something heroic and sexy (which, obviously, is Dean-like), all of which Cas pretended to find intolerable but which Dean knew he actually thought was adorable.
“Nah,” Dean says, “it’s all good with me. I don’t need any more than I get.”
“This isn’t safe for him, Dean. This isn’t Cas’s lifestyle. Remember the last time he tried to hunt as a human? Are you trying to get him hurt? He doesn’t have any of his powers, he’s not trained, he doesn’t have combat skills, he can’t heal you—"
Cas scoots up hesitantly, lies down next to Dean with his arms crossed over his chest, like he’s trying not to touch him. He keeps looking to Dean, looking away, looking back.
“You just… can’t,” says Sam. His eyes are clear and honest. “It’s not healthy. With the way things are now—” He gestures broadly at Dean’s shoulder, and Dean knows he’s really thinking about the bullet wound, which is basically all healed up now but for a scar. “It’s not safe. For either of us. You just need a break. You’ve been so tired for so long. I see you. If you keep hunting, you’re just gonna wring yourself dry, and there’s not gonna be anything left.”
Sam pours everybody a glass of wine and Cas launches into the interview story again, a little more verbal punctuation than last time but no less enthusiasm.
They’re out late that night—first the meeting, then a couple leads, then a showdown with a full-blown rugaru. By the time they get back to the motel, it’s past midnight and they’re both disgusting, sweaty and bloody and a little burnt-smelling. Dean lets Cas shower first and spends his whole shower racking his brain for ways this could break bad. Maybe he misread somehow. Maybe this is too fast, even though they’ve barely touched each other in two weeks. Dean wanted slow too but he’s starting to go a little crazy, waking up every morning and seeing Cas bleary and shirtless, going to bed with him not ten feet away, Cas’s voice vibrating in the soles of his feet all day every day.
A guy Dean doesn’t recognize staggers up to them while Cas is busy getting swarmed by his adoring fans—yes,
“Uh.” Not this again. Dean scratches the back of his head. “What all has Cas said?”
“Maybe something you wouldn’t drink,” Cas says pointedly. Dean blinks in surprise.
“Okay,” says Cas. “Anyway. I think I’d like to try this one.”
“All right,” he says through a smile, “okay, save the congrats for when I get the real offer. This is your day. Now get in the truck and let’s take her for a joy ride.” When Cas lets go of him and heads over, Dean tosses him the keys from his pocket, and Cas catches them with surprising proficiency—he may not be an angel anymore, but his strength and coordination are still striking. He just also still looks like the same dorky little guy as always—hell, maybe dorkier—so it always takes Dean by surprise to see him catch things, lift things, throw things.
Here's my card. Feel free to call any time.
Who found the remains?
Finally, Sam finally looks at him and asks, “Was he wearing your clothes?”
and you’re just telling me this
kiss and a
“Can tell I don’t need to waste this on you,” he says. “But your friend here’s sophisticated.”
“It’s good, I promise. It’s a good thing. You’re gonna like it. And—and it
Dean listens.
For a second, just a second, he thinks he hears fluttering. He stops breathing. But then he realizes it’s just the AC kicking on.
“Just… someone I’m not.”
“Yeah,” says Cas, laughing a quiet laugh. “A little bit weird.”
Cas looks up. “No thank you,” he says. Dean thinks he sees a smile forming. He puts on boxers and a shirt and gets into bed, leaving as large a margin between their bodies as he can. He lies there, staring at the ceiling.
And that does it. Dean’s head starts to swim.
Dean looks up to see Cas, eyes wide and concerned, staring off into the middle distance, his hands folded in his lap. Sam and Eileen both stare at him.
“Oh,” says Sam. He sounds surprised. “Well, that’s—that’s great. Hunting is smooth? Making friends?”
Well, okay. It says "sexual or romantic." But you assumed.
“We’re the Winchesters,” he says, intending to sound resolute, but it comes out weaker than he wants. “And you’re—I mean, you’re, you know.”
“No strenuous activity,” she says, adjusting her glasses, “at least none involving the arm.”
Dean just nods. Castiel isn't paying much attention. Sam keeps pacing.
Cas narrows his eyes, chews more slowly. He swallows, his face draining of excitement and vitality Dean hadn’t even noticed before it was gone.
“I’m glad to hear that, Cas,” says Sam, giving Dean a withering look. Dean takes a long sip of his lemonade. “We can talk politics when you’re a little more used to… people who aren’t us.”
“A guy?”
“Oh, you know,” Dean says, his chest suddenly tight. He makes a big deal out of Cas telling him all that and then doesn’t even have anything to say about his own day. “Watched some TV. Went for a drive.” Before he can stop himself, he adds as he stands, “Applied for a couple jobs.”
to—but he is. For Sam. For Cas. None of them ever really talk about it. Probably better than way.
Dean walks up to the Impala, then leans against it for a second, head down, hands folded in front of his forehead. It almost looks like he's praying. After just a moment, he opens the passenger door and reaches inside the glove compartment. He pulls out a rolodex and flips through it for a minute. Sighs. Starts at the back - most recent. Melanie. This one is dated quite a while ago, at least a year.
“Sam is just concerned for my well-being,” he says, turning his face to look out the car window. “He wants to make sure I’m safe. I’m grateful.”
“Dean,” Cas says, freezing. “Are you sure?”
“Sam,” says Eileen, reaching out to pat his arm. She signs something to him that Dean doesn’t understand but gives him a look Dean does understand:
“Things are what?” says Dean. He sucks the inside of his cheek in between his teeth.
“I’m fine,” he grunts, but it’s starting to feel a little bit too familiar, lying on the ground, breathing through the pain, Cas kneeling over him, helpless and horrified. His head spins a little. “It’s fine. Just let me—” When he tries to throw out an arm to lift himself up, he can’t. He groans through a tightly closed mouth. “Okay.”
and mean it.
Maybe the fiancé? She said he's out of town until next week.
“You really want to know?” he says. Matter-of-fact. To Dean it feels like a stab in the gut.
“What?”
“Does all this have anything to do…” says Cas, and then he pauses like he thinks Dean will fill in the blanks. Dean leans his head forward, raises his eyebrows, questioning. “Does this have anything to do with your time in the hospital?”
“Yeah, but Spock is the nerdy one, and you’re Spock, so you’re the nerd.”
He’s in the hospital for a week (Dean winks at Sam when the doctor cites “abnormally quick recovery for a serious but non-fatal gunshot wound”) and getting progressively antsier. He hates being in the hospital. He nearly got reaped up in one of these places once. And all the times Sammy has been in the hospital, and the doctors, and the old people, and the ever-present sense of simple, regular human death—it just gives him the heebie-jeebies. It’s nothing like
Castiel smiles. Barely. He puts his hand back on Dean's jaw, very gently. For a second, it looks like he might try to kiss him again. Dean closes his eyes. Castiel doesn't try. He just focuses. There's the QUIET, HIGH-PITCHED, ANGELIC RINGING of grace being used. He gazes at Dean - lovingly, regretfully.
Dean clears his throat, looks around. “He does what he can.”
“Dean,” says Cas, eyes narrowing, face contorting slowly into the expression that Dean knows best out of all of Cas’s expressions. “You’re not exempt from people being gay. We’re together.”
,” Dean says again, with a different intonation this time, “I think we’d better get back on the road, huh, Cas?”
I'd really rather not.
is,” Dean says, catching his breath, while Cas continues to cackle. “Probably one of us had him in us, just statistically.”
“Back to molecules?”
“I just—” Dean says. He doesn’t even really know what he wants to say. “I really—” Cas’s thumb is still stroking his hand, back and forth, back and forth. “I don’t get why you don’t want me there.”
“Not anymore,” he says. He shakes his head. “Sleep. So strange. I’m supposed to feel rested and I think I feel worse.”
He thinks hard about what to say next. He could bring it up. Or: he could not bring it up, just wait to see if Cas says anything.
“But I have great taste!” he says.
Pan from Dean putting on his pajamas to a few pictures on his desk - the one of him and Mary, one of him and Sam, one of Cas in the cowboy hat. Slightly ominous slow zoom on the one of Cas.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “This whole thing—what we’re—“ He can’t quite figure out what to say. “It’s kind of new to me.”
meals unfinished since he got back. “I had a very good time.”
“That’s not technically true.” Cas folds his hands on the table. “When I was resurrected in this form but your father’s soul was expelled, the genetic code of the body was altered such that—”
“Me too,” Cas says quietly, leaning back as well. “I—” He stops, like maybe he doesn’t want to say what he’s about to say. “I pray to him sometimes. Down here.”
Even under Cas’s mindful watch, he gets away with taking the bare minimum dosage on his meds. Both surprisingly and unsurprisingly, Cas’s bedside manner is overall excellent, except that he reports dutifully all the disgusting things he’s seen while wandering around the hospital halls.
“Back in the land of the living?” Dean says, tossing the shirts onto Cas’s bed. Cas picks up the package to inspect it and his face softens.
“Don’t lie to me. Not now. What do you want, Dean? Tell me what you want. It’s not this.”
(indignant)
“Development officer,” Cas corrects him, “I think.”
“Dean Novak is a dumb fucking name,” he says, right before he’s struck with the actual implications of the place this conversation has moved. “And—and who says me and Cas are gettin’ hitched?”
“That’s one of the changes.” His expression is grave. He steps forward again, slowly, with great measure, shoulders back but head ducked slightly forward, the way only Cas does. “I think we need to talk, Dean.”
