Castiel remembered Dean's complaints about looking 'fat' as Santa and wondered if his friend might be a little insecure about the softness around his belly.  It would be a shame, because Cas quite liked it.  Not that he should really be looking,  but there were some instances in which he couldn't help but notice.  In an attempt to offer some quiet reassurance, he rested a hand on Dean's shoulder.  "I wish I looked half as good as you."
"So, is the cutest guy in the room going to ask the prettiest girl in the room for a dance?" Meg asked, trailing a finger down his chest.
Dean dried the dishes and put them away, periodically checking to make sure Chuck wasn't attempting to trip him up again.
"Take it from someone who knows what it's like to lose people you care about." Dean could feel tears pricking but he ignored them. "I won't believe there aren't people who'll miss you if you die here tonight."
Castiel bit his lip.  "I'd been dreaming.  About us," he explained.  It had been nice.  He and Dean, snuggled together on the sofa,
Dean looked down at himself, blushing slightly.  "It's new," he mumbled.  He'd picked it up off the sale rack after Pamela had nagged him about shedding his father's skin, but he hadn't worn it yet.  Hell, he'd only just cut the tags off.
Dean opened and closed his mouth.  That wasn't what he meant, but maybe it was kind of true.  Ever since Christmas, he'd found himself missing... not
Cas caught Dean's eye a while later and flashed him a discreet thumbs-up.  The bright smile peeking through the fake beard he got in return made his heart skip a beat.
"I'd volunteer to stay at home to save some money if I thought you'd let me," Cas told him in a whisper.
Dean was silent for a long moment as the information sank in.  "Then I'm going back to bed," he announced, grabbing the bacon roll Cas had made for him and wrapping it in a paper towel.  "
Unfortunately, Balthazar was right.  Some people were so quick to show kindness, while others were quick to turn their backs.  Dean was quick to show kindness.  Quick to accept, and to love...  Though not in the way Cas wanted him to.
They were both studying their menus silently when Jo brought their drinks over, the ice cubes clanking against the glasses as she set them down on the table.
Dean opened his mouth to reply, but closed it again when he realised he couldn't answer.  He knew that, when thinking about his flaws, he believed Cas deserved better.  But he also knew that he'd do
Dean focused all his attention on his empty crisp packet as he folded it and tied it in a knot.  "It was my fault she died," he admitted quietly, unable to look Castiel in the eye.
"Maybe you could talk to her," Dean suggested desperately.  "Tell her... tell her...  Shit, I don't know."
'  He tore off a chunk of bread and dunked it in his soup, wondering why he was casting Cas in the role of his wife.  "Same as usual.  People needing us to fix their cars because they can't be bothered learning basic maintenance."  He ate the piece of bread in his hand and looked at Cas.  "Of course, I can't complain - they keep me in a job.  The soup's good."
"I thought the 'in' and 'out' trays would have made it obvious," he said lightly.  When Bobby didn't say anything, he looked more seriously at his boss.  "Have I done something wrong?"
been stuffing his face.  The boy seemed more withdrawn than before, and he wasn't sure if that was an age thing or a distance thing.  He tried to remember what
"Okay," Dean conceded, not wanting to start another argument when they hadn't resolved the first.  "But a
Dry-mouthed, Castiel stepped out of the car and surveyed the damage.  Only one pane was broken, and when he stepped into the office he could see that the glass had been swept up.
have broken ribs.  Dean had been great, making sure he had everything he could possible need - even it he did treat him like a child some of the time.
Dean looked from Cas to the TV and back to Cas again.  "Oh, alright," he sighed, heaving himself to his feet.  "But I think you're up to something."
It made him think again about doing something with the living room in their small apartment - maybe Cas would have some suggestions, if he asked?  He'd considered movie posters, or maybe some music memorabilia.  As he thought more about it, however, he realised it all reflected who
Castiel was silent for a moment, narrowed eyes scrutinising Balthazar's expression.  "Dean's seeing Pamela."
From across the table, Dean watched Ben tuck into his dinner as if he hadn't been fed since he left home.  Had
been thinking.  He's been dreaming that he and Dean were together and—  It didn't matter.  They weren't, and never would be, together.
.  I'm enjoying it, and then I get this feeling in my stomach like what I'm doing is wrong and I feel like I'm going to be
"Balthazar will be home in a couple of weeks, so I just need you to survive until then," he told them.
. He didn't know where to look. He was staring, he knew, and he knew he was supposed to be feeling something right now, but all he wanted was to stand up and offer her his coat but his feet didn't seem to want to move. He became aware of her waiting for him to say something, but he wasn't quite sure what he was supposed to say. Had she asked him something? He looked across at Dean pleadingly, eyes wide in panic.
Dean snatched the card out of his hand with a hurried, "Thanks!" before all but running down the aisle and out the door.  Digging his phone out of his pocket, he tapped his hand impatiently off the roof of the Impala as he waited for his signal bars to light up.
going to lose Cas.  Throwing himself at the man and fisting his hands in the guy's jacket, which steadied him as the room started to spin around him, he growled, "Look at me!"
Cas could insist until he was blue in the face that he'd stay as long as Dean tried, but Dean was sure he was getting impatient with his lack of progress.  He'd only seen Pamela a few times, but even
Dean and Bobby raised their glasses, and she clinked her glass to each of theirs in turn before knocking it back.  Dean grimaced at the drink burned on its way down, but Bobby didn't bat an eyelid.  She gathered their empty glasses together.  "Same again?"
Dean could hear Gordon from where he was finishing up on his car and clenched his jaw.  Cas was not a charity case.  Bobby had agreed to help him, yes, but he'd more than proven his worth.
"Oh. Yes, it was good. They're organising a fundraiser to raise money for the local home for the elderly."
Dean jogged down the three flights of stairs to the front door, feeling his heart beat faster in his chest and the blood pounding in his ears.  He nearly bumped into one of his neighbours at the bottom.
"Dean," Castiel said, in the commanding voice he reserved only for when he was trying to bulldoze his way through the wall of self-loathing Dean hid behind that said
"Oh, Cas," Dean breathed, pulling him into a tight – if awkward – hug before realising that it was a bad move. He leaned back, giving Castiel space. "You don't need to change, Cas. I mean, look at you! You're selfless, and you've got the patience of a saint if you can put up with me. And," he added, mumbling slightly like he was unused to admitting his true feelings, "you matter to me."
, he finished in his head. After the accident, he'd gutted the house and sold it, but had been unwilling to part with a lot of stuff so had moved it all into his small apartment. He should probably have a clear out. "A lot of this stuff could probably go, you know. It's just taking up room."
"Bobby said he needed some help, and then I thought maybe you could do your selfless religious thing and help him out.  Bobby's the one who's insisting on paying you!  Apparently he doesn't do 'slave labor'," Dean said, making exaggerated air quotes.
They religiously traversed up and down every aisle; Dean pushing while Castiel consulted their list, scoring off item after item until he announced that they were nearly finished.
Dean left the office again and jogged around the buildings to find Cas, as expected, staring at the smashed up car.
Castiel laughed and stretched his legs out until they knocked against the coffee table.  "You know me too well."
"No," Castiel shook his head.  "I'm as gay as a... as a... as a gay man," he declared, throwing his arm around Dean.
"I...  I don't know.  I suppose it was before that night my dad busted me for ditching on Sam, but...  I must have blocked it out."
"Well, uh, I've got to go find my girlfriend, so, I'll see you around.  Dean rented a karaoke system this year - but no-one's drunk enough to embarrass themselves on it, yet.  There's drinks in the fridge, and the kitchen sink, and the bathtub.  We must've bought at least fifty bags of ice - I guess Dean didn't want to run out."
"Yeah," he grinned.  "Yeah, you're going to be just fine, Cas.  I mean, you're probably going to hurt like hell for a couple of weeks, but you'll live," Dean said, trying and failing to be light-hearted about it.
Dean swallowed and reached for his orange juice. "I thought we could just go for a walk or something. I mean, it's free and all, so..."
The man to his right exchanged an old card for a new one, then contemplated the cards in his hand for a moment.  "All in!" he declared in a booming voice.
The longer Dean stared at him the longer Castiel had to worry that perhaps that hadn't been the right thing to do, but then Dean slammed the hood down.  They ate together, leaning back against the windshield.
Dean turned to him, eyebrows raised.  "No need to bite my head off," he said, clipping the bag and putting the box back in the cupboard.  "Unless you weren't talking about the cereal."
!  There are delivery notices mixed up with the invoices, and I don't even know where to begin.  This is all your fault," he declared.
Dean's leg twitched, then he started to move around the room again.  She spun around in her chair slowly, watching as he examined the various ornaments and trinkets she had on display.  Some he simply ran his fingers over, others he picked up and examined before putting them back down again.  One of them was a slender white angel, about six inches high.  A gentle touch to its head had it toppling over, and his whole body lurched as he tried desperately to catch it before it fell to the ground.
Dean's heart calmed slightly, but it was still beating an anxious rhythm in his chest.  He shrugged his shirt off his shoulders and pulled his left hand out, but his right hand refused to slip free.  He tugged and yanked at his shirt until it did finally come out and he threw the shirt across the room in annoyance.
Dean had been doing his best to avoid his apartment all week, however subconsciously, but sitting in it on Saturday slowly began to drive him mad.  There was a half-eaten microwave burger on the table in front of him, and he couldn't remember if it was left over from Thursday or Friday.  Either way he was pretty sure he hadn't eaten anything all day, but the latest in a long line of whiskey bottles he was cradling between his legs was causing the days to blur into one another.  He hadn't shaved in a few days, either, so his usual stubble had almost become a thin beard.
Cas shrugged.  "I wasn't sure if you were ticklish," he smiled.  He sniffed the air.  "Are the burgers burning?"
For a moment Castiel thought he meant the colour – the rich, deep blue paint matched his eyes – but then he realised Dean would be more technical than that.  "In what way?"
Dean paused, clenched fist raised ready to strike back in retaliation, and looked over at Cas.  Castiel shook his head, silently pleading with him to just walk away.  The man from the bar ran at him, a blow to the gut knocking the air out of Dean's lungs, and he fell to the ground.
Dean just grinned at him as he scooped spoonfuls of vegetables onto his plate beside three thick slices of turducken - which he still wasn't convinced about - and poured a generous amount of gravy over everything.  He stabbed at several things and had them halfway to his mouth when Castiel spoke.
, Castiel thought to himself.  "Nothing money could buy," was what he said.  "Unfortunately that meant when he decided I would no longer have something I had no other means of keeping it," he added bitterly.
Before Castiel could ask whether 'going viral' was good or bad, Dean stepped out of the office and made his way over to them.
was what he needed to write down.  Except he didn't think 'weird feeling in the back of my mind' counted.
looking at him.  Dean backed into his seat, then was halfway to the exit before Castiel had even retrieved his coat from the back of his chair.
Dean turned his cloth to the wing mirror.  "How much do you think they're going to get for it?  It's an old car, but I've seen them back on the road after being in worse shape."
Dean drove them across town, and Castiel was vaguely aware that they seemed to be travelling back in the direction of Dean's apartment.
"Kinky," Dean smirked, shifting in Cas's lap.  He paused when his own interested bulge brushed over Cas's very obvious arousal.  The fact he didn't immediately freak out was a little freaky in itself, but he supposed that was the whole point of the therapy thing.  Instead he moved his mouth to Cas's ear and, without thinking, murmured, "Do I make you hard?"
.  That's a big deal for a lot of people.  Do you worry that you'll fail to live up to expectations?  That he'll be disappointed?  That he'll miss being with a woman?"
"I'm seeing someone," Dean told her apologetically, somehow feeling the need to explain.  He felt a little guilty, wondering if he'd misled her.
"Hello, Ben," Cas greeted him warmly.  "It's nice to finally meet you.  Dean hasn't stopped talking about you since we arranged this trip with your mother."
Castiel let it slide.  "We believed that it was God's will, but that doesn't mean I didn't feel guilty about it for a long time."
not driving, so would you excuse me while I get another?" Cas asked them, holding up his empty glass.  "Excuse me."
It was then that Dean started to notice the sweet scent of apples baking under the lingering spicy smell that filled the kitchen.
"Start by figuring out which it is," he advised.  "Don't mess him around, whoever he is.  Whoever he is, he deserves better than that."
Castiel's breathing was coming out in short gasps, so Dean reluctantly left his nipples alone, trailing kisses and sucking red marks down his stomach, enjoying the feeling of his muscles fluttering beneath his lips.  "Okay," he said, finally tearing himself away from Cas's skin.  "My turn again."
When Dean finally caught his breath, stomach aching, he laid a hand on Cas's shoulder.  "Oh, dude.  Don't ever change."
Dean glanced at where she and Cas were looking.  A large, oily handprint marked him.  "Great," Dean smirked.  "Now I look like I'm getting molested on the job."
Dean would probably want pie if he had any room left after his burger.  There wasn't much eating in ice cream, and after such a light dinner Cas would want something a little more filling.  The sticky toffee pudding sounded nice, while spotted dick sounded very strange.
"Oh, yeah..." Dean grinned to himself for a moment, thinking about the girl he'd had in the back seat of his car the night he met Castiel. Then he shook his head. "Although it has to be said, it's not always great. Sometimes you can feel kind of... empty, after – you know?"
"Hmph," Castiel huffed, appearing only slightly mollified.  "Equal to a car in your eyes.  I'm not sure what that says about me."
"Because it made you happy."  It was nice, seeing Dean so engaged with something, even if Cas didn't understand it himself.  It was like when Dean chattered to him about the cars he was working on at the garage over lunch - he enjoyed Dean's enthusiasm.
Dean stared at her, still trying to figure out where he knew her from.  "Yeah," he agreed carefully.
He sat there in silence, casting furtive glances at the guy beside him every now and then.  He was slim, but seemed fit.  And sweet Jesus, those arms!  They could pin him to the bed anytime... hold his arms behind his back... hell, he'd even let him bend him in half with his legs beside his head!
"I'm not walking away from you - Pamela wanted us to grab a table," Dean said, sliding into an empty seat and glaring out the window.
Castiel paused for a moment.  "I had no money, no job, and nowhere to go," he answered matter-of-factly.  Before Dean could pity him, he elaborated, "I didn't have any friends, or savings.  What little I earned went to my father as rent, but I lost my part-time job when he... found out... about me."
Castiel nodded absently. "I'm glad I'll get to cook for you. Well, for us." He turned to him, eyes wide and sincere. "I like having a way in which to repay your hospitality."
"Oh yeah. I get it.  It's rough when they bring you out and then find something else to do, huh?" He nodded towards the pool table. "I don't really get the appeal, myself.  Drinking seems like a better way to lose money," he added, winking.
That was one of the awesome things about Cas - he never made Dean feel like he was being judged for not believing.
To neither of their surprise, Ben immediately occupied himself on his gaming device as soon as they were in the door.
Dean closed his eyes.  As much as he didn't want to talk about this, he couldn't let himself back out now.  If he did he risked pushing Cas away and losing him altogether.  His right hand clenched and unclenched at his side.  "D'you remember what I told you?"
nice car.  Shame you're not here to show it off.  You might even find two or three people keen to make you an offer on it."
Dean shrugged.  "Happy birthday.  That he was happy to hear from me at Christmas."  He tapped the card off the table.  "Just goes to show I'm a shitty parent.  Barely keep in touch, just like my old man when he was on the road."
for this, but he couldn't see what it might be.  Deciding that this 'game', as Pamela called it, would be better than having her prying into his innermost thoughts, he agreed.
Dean felt the bottom drop out of his stomach.  Bobby had given him a chance when no-one else would - who else would be willing to do the same?  For
That conversation played on Dean's mind for a few days, until he decided to press the matter from a different direction.
"You're upset, and I don't want to push you too far in one session.  But we still have some time to talk about—"
"Because when he inevitably needs to reaffirm his heterosexuality and breaks your heart, I'll be the one picking up the pieces."
Castiel just stared at his friend who, just a split second ago, had been unrecognisable from the man he knew.
He made his way back to the living room, and Dean made no attempt to follow him.  He only moved after the fridge started beeping at him, informing him that the door was still open, and he took his time unpacking the rest of the shopping.
"Would you relax?" Castiel said, as Dean walked into the kitchen for no reason for the third time in ten minutes.
"It's a freedom you never had, living with your father.  Being able to do what you want, when you want to do it, and get yourself there."
"I know how long your hook-ups last," she began sternly, "and I don't want Ben getting the idea that it's
"I couldn't sleep.  Got up to ask for a drink of water."  He could still see her in his mind after all these years, as clear as if she was standing right in front of him now.  "She was in Sam's room," he continued, his voice cracking.  "There was this guy, and he... he...  There was blood all
Castiel sat down wearily.  His sides were aching, and given the amount of pain he'd been in for the first couple of days he was surprised he
"So after all you've done for each other, how is it that you have both become so estranged from each other?
," Dean retorted, waving a hand at his bare walls.  But there might be some amongst his parents' belongings...  Rummaging through the hall closet for ten minutes, he emerged triumphantly.
Dean bursts out laughing as Right Said Fred starts playing in his ears, and figures he'd have won that bet.
Neither of them said anything for a while.  It had been a long time since they'd shared a moment like this - talking about their lives, and their
Despite the fact he was exhausted and he still had the day off, Dean went in to work.  He couldn't face Castiel – not yet.
He stormed up the steps to Pamela's office and growled at the receptionist.  "Dean Winchester."  Slamming himself into seat, he allowed himself a calming breath.
to move past hesitant touches.  He just didn't know how when he didn't know what was holding him back.  Gently cupping Cas's face in his hands, he brushed the tip of his nose with his lips - a featherlight kiss that had him smirking at the sound of disappointment it elicited from him.
"Yeah, you know - the timid guy who usually sits in the office and quietly accepts every shitty job Bobby offloads onto him?"
hacking?"  Castiel frowned.  Balthazar had told him about the time he'd been hacked years previously, losing a rather large sum of money that was eventually refunded to him by his bank, and he didn't see how it could be considered
The first part of the movie went by quickly.  Dean was talkative, explaining why he liked the different characters and wondering when the special effects in this movie had gotten so bad, but after a while, Cas began to really get into it.
," Dean said, grabbing Cas's shoulder a little too roughly in his haste to make him listen.  Cas stared at him, waiting for him to say whatever it was he was going to say.  But Dean didn't know
The smirk he got as Cas turned around told him that his attempt had failed, but he didn't say anything as Cas began massaging moisturising cream into Dean's skin.  As he did, Dean caught sight of the label.
before he came close another downward spiral.  He didn't know what though, until a flyer left in his mailbox offered them two for one entry to the bowling alley.
"You boys take care, okay?  And tell Bobby that I haven't forgotten about that twenty bucks he owes me!" she grinned, but her smile couldn't quite erase the concern from her eyes.
"I'm not entirely sure my gift to you is appropriate, now," he answered hesitantly. "I think perhaps I should get you something else."
Dean stared at her, realising with a sinking feeling that he'd said far too much.  "She's letting Ben come over for Easter," he revealed guardedly.
"I have two legs.  I might be a bit wobbly on them but I can get up if I need to - now go!  Bobby will kill you if you're late, and then who's going to make me dinner?" he teased.
Castiel wasn't going to give up.  "Then how else do you propose we send out letters to customers, which you
A thick lump formed itself in Dean's throat, and though he wanted to tell Cas that he could have far better friends than Dean, he couldn't get the words out.
.  He tossed his cards down, allowing the others to see his hand.  He'd thought he had a sure thing - queens over aces - but that was before Cole laid down four threes.  There was a hollow pit in Dean's stomach as he walked out of the back room and into the bar, through the throng of people who could afford to throw their money away on a night of drinking and gambling.
"You're so full of macho bullshit, Dean.  I always thought it was just who you were, but maybe you're subconsciously overcompensating."
back to back.  "What are you, my therapist?" Castiel joked.  So what if they watched a lot of movies?  It's not like he never went out.
As he started thinking about the terms of his lease, he realised that he probably wasn't supposed to have
Castiel chuckled in amusement as they came to a stop at the railing, looking down at the disused, overgrown train tracks below.  "I've slept under that bridge," he stated casually, taking a long look at the last bite of food in his fingers before placing it onto his tongue.
"May I say something?  ...  I've known Dean for a few months, now.  His has been a supportive friend, and a loving partner.  I was raised in a somewhat close-minded community, but have come to realise that being a good person does not equal being religious - and Dean is one of the best men I've ever known.  He may drink more than is healthy, but if Dean
Dean let him go as if he'd been burned, his face an expressionless mask. "I thought we were friends. You don't think that's worth living for? But of course you're so eager to leave me – just like everybody else. Even my own brother didn't stick around!" Dean shouted, ignoring the tears pricking at his eyes. "You can leave any time you want – you're not a prisoner, here. So why the hell would you do it
"Yeah, I get it, none of you expected me to be here.  I can go if you want?" Dean grumbled, unable to ignore their stares any longer.
Allowing him to change the subject, she nodded.  "I'm starving.  But Dean," she said, stopping him with a hand on his arm as he reached to open the door.  "I don't want to tell Ben.  About you."  She swallowed.  "Not yet."
In an awkward attempt to look casual, Dean leapt to his feet while Cas turned around from where he was sitting on the desk.  He tried to sidle into his chair, but his backside skimmed the edge of his seat and he ended up with his ass on the floor.
Eyes wet, his voice shaking, Cas put an end to the conversation.  "I don't want to argue with you.  Can we just... clean this place up... and have a nice lunch today?"
"Yeah, he's been hanging out with him a lot lately.  If I was straight I might actually have a little crush."
"We called him Chuck - Chuck Norris - because he's ginger.  We can't keep him, 'cause I'm allergic to cats, but he's staying with us until we can find him a home.  Cas found him on the street," he explained.  Then his tone turned hopeful.  "You don't want a cat, do you?"
Castiel stared at Dean unseeing, and wiped his wet cheeks with the back of his hand.  "I was giving you space," he said quietly.
He'd only meant to spend a couple of hours with them and then go home but it was karaoke night and Balthazar insisted he endure several hours of off-key singing, before forcing him to get up and sing himself.  Thankfully most people were drunk by that point, so his out of tune rendition of
"There was a break-in.  Some tools got stolen.  It's just making it harder to get things done.  And our boss is even grumpier than normal."
been talking about the cereal.  With a sigh, he ignored his breakfast and forced Cas to look at him.
They tossed the ball back and forward a few more times, before a particularly strong throw from Ben sent it halfway across the pool.  Watching Dean swim after the ball, Ben tread water for a moment before paddling over to Cas.
"She's a woman, Dean," Castiel informed him, dropping into the seat next to Dean.  His drink sloshed in his glass and spilled over his pants.
Dean looked at the carefully controlled expression on Castiel's face.  "Do you?" he asked, before he could stop himself.
When he walked into the Roadhouse, Dean was arguing aggressively with another man at the pool table.
After a moment, Castiel ran a finger across his bottom lip, remembering the feeling of Dean's against his, and smiled to himself.
"Well, I'd die without food, so..."  Dean trailed off with a smirk, nudging Cas playfully in the ribs.
"Very mature," Dean grinned.  "But if I had a script, we could save a fortune on therapy bills by just reading ahead."
"Oh, those aren't ours," Dean told her.  No way was he paying for the overpriced drinks they served.
Castiel nodded dumbly, his attention solely focused on the fact that Dean was pressing right up against him as if it was the most normal thing in the world.  He was pretty sure that this wasn't how you got taught to bowl, but he wasn't going to argue.
Ben's grin told him he was right.  "Mom's tried to make burgers a few times, but they're nothing like yours."
Pamela glanced down at her notes.  "So this reaction you have when you're making out - is there anything in your life that could explain it?"
need the space.  There were people everywhere, mostly alone or in pairs, but occasionally in small groups.  Some parents pushed babies awkwardly around in strollers; others dragged crying toddlers around by the wrist.  Younger couples had their arms around each other as they strolled along, with their eyes on one other rather than the cars they'd paid to see.
"And as your friend, I don't want to see you to become Dean; shutting yourself away from the world."
"That's more like it," Dean said.  He put three in the fridge and took the other one through to the living room.
Seaweed must be an acquired taste, Castiel decided, unable to force another forkful into his mouth, but the salmon had been beautiful.  He'd have to make it for Dean one day, but—
He'd forgotten a fork so he ate with his fingers, wiping up the last of the hummus with the bread.  After rinsing his dishes and leaving them beside the sink for morning, he tucked a sheet around the sofa cushions.  As he settled down beneath a layer of thin blankets, he heard the girl start moaning again.  He hoped they wouldn't be at it
But no, he was normal too, or so Father Reynolds had told him.  He just needed to find it in himself to believe that.
Cas's face turned ashen.  At a loss for words, he opened and closed his mouth but no sound came out.
One drink turned into two, then three.  He'd spent so long hurting whenever he thought about his relationship with Cassie that he'd forgotten how smart and funny and
"I wasn't," Dean growled, already on the defensive.  His head was still throbbing and he just wanted to quietly get on with his day.
"Thanks," Dean said quietly.  "I know you're not happy about keeping... things between us quiet, so...  Yeah.  Thanks."
"There should be some Paracetamol or Ibuprofen in the cabinet in the bathroom. Take two with a glass of water, then go lie down again. Watch some TV, read the paper, go back to sleep. Just take it easy, okay?"
"Nevertheless, Dean, I cannot allow you to waste your brother's money on me, when he meant for it to be yours."
Castiel's face seemed to soften.  "I don't even know your name," he pointed out, a hopeful smile tugging at his lips.
"I have a job interview."  He found it ironic that the library had helped him draft a better CV only for him to apply for a job there.
"Try again," she suggested.  "It can help you get more control over your thoughts.  Visualisation can also help - when you realise your thoughts are threatening to consume you, imagine putting them in a little box for later."
"Dad died blaming himself.  He used to say that if he'd gone to bed like she'd asked instead of staying up to watch the end of a movie he'd have heard something.  Hell, even
"It was fine," Cas replied.  "My boss seems very... particular.  Bobby is very relaxed, whereas Naomi is not."
"I'm seeing a counsellor, okay?" he admitted gruffly, throwing himself back down onto the sofa.  The loose page Dean had been writing on slid off the notebook and drifted to the floor.
Dean leaned against the back of the chair, his fingers digging into the stretched, faded leather as he racked his mind for something to say.
"If I could afford to pay a guy to pretend to be my friend so that I could get money from you to spend on drink, don't you think I'd be spending
Dean stood up and leaned across the table, pressing a gentle kiss against Castiel's lips.  Smirking, he rested his forehead against Castiel's for a moment.  "I'm sorry I don't do that more often."
, if he could get the coat buttoned up.  As he fought with the large buttons Dean raced ahead, taking the stairs two at a time.  Halfway down Castiel had to stop and fumble in his pocket when his phone started ringing.
been that hungry when he was that age?  He didn't remember eating like that; only the number of times he'd gone hungry.
"Suit yourself.  You know, I used to do this for Sam when he was a kid, before he learned how to do it for himself."  Dean let out a shaky breath as he straightened Castiel's tie.  "I used to do a lot of things for him."
- were dating was somehow different.  He was clumsy, more so than usual, and it was probably paranoia telling him that his colleagues were looking at him when his back was turned, as if trying to work out what he wasn't telling them.
"For the hundredth time, you're not imposing," Dean insisted, slinging an arm around Castiel's shoulders and hating the way his immediate reaction as to tense up at his touch. If Dean ever met Castiel's dad, Dean couldn't promise that fists wouldn't fly. "And for the fiftieth time, buy whatever you want to cook. I
"Whisky!" he shouted over to Jo as he slid into a booth tucked away in the back corner, away from anyone else.  "Double!"
said there'd be plenty of time later.  'Dinner first', you said.  'After we wash up’, you said.  'But the movie's starting', you said."
Castiel fumbled at him until Dean caught both his hands and held them, just staring at him as he waited for him to respond.
But Cas, deep in concentration, was not amused.  "Sleeping outside is cold in the summer," he said sharply.  "It must be freezing in winter."
His boss was dead and he'd probably lose his job.  "Fine," he lied.  She still seemed unsure of herself so, to make her feel more at ease, he offered to buy her a drink.
An annoying beat started to play, and a woman started singing repetitive lyrics.  He wasn't that keen on her voice, and had to really listen to understand what she was singing about.  And what the hell was Photoshop?  As she moved into the chorus, however, he found her tone softened and it became quite catchy - he just wished the backing singers would shut up.
"I could put it towards driving lessons, or new clothes, or pay more towards the rent this month," Cas said, clutching his scratch card.
"Another," he wheezed as he set the glass down again, relishing in the burn as the liquid made its way down his throat.
"I'm not a dog," Dean protested, but as Cas sat down on the sofa he perched his ass on the table in front of him with a dramatic, inconvenienced sigh.  Castiel opened the first aid kit and removed some antiseptic and cotton balls.  "I'm not sorry for what I did."
"It's not an issue," Dean said, and it was mostly true.  "I wasn't at my best, then, and she did what was best for her and Ben.  I can't blame her for that."
Castiel looked down at himself, then drew his legs up to his chest so he could rest his chin on his knees.
. He'd only known him for a few days, but even when the dude had been hanging off the edge of a bridge he'd never been this quiet and withdrawn. His sudden change in attitude scared Dean, and brought his protective instinct to the surface once again. But Dean was useless with words unless he was using them to beat himself up about something, so he couldn't offer up any motivational words to inspire in Castiel some of that relaxed and happy outlook he'd had yesterday; though he did place a hand on Castiel's knee and give it a reassuring squeeze.
"That doesn't matter."  Cas put a hand on Dean's thigh, stroking down to his knee.  "It's what it meant to
as brazen as Dean. And, he decided, he really needed to get out of his underwear because although common sense told him his boxers had dried out hours ago, the paranoid part of his brain was telling him that they felt like they were still holding half the ocean.
It took half a second for what Dean was saying to sink in before Cas catapulted himself into his arms.
"Not at all," Castiel said, picking up the crossword he'd abandoned the night before. He chewed absently on the top of a pencil as he puzzled over the clues, brow furrowed in concentration, as Dean settled down with a beer to watch the football game.
"Charlie needs to keep her damn mouth shut," Dean growled.  Almost immediately he asked, "What else did she say?"
He could hear the river rushing past him at the bottom of the embankment, and he slowly started to make his way across the bridge. Now he was here he wasn't feeling quite as confident as he'd been when he'd started walking up here. He let the small hold-all he'd been carrying drop to the ground, and a shiver ran up his spine as he carefully negotiated his way over the railing. At this late hour no-one should be passing by, and for that Castiel was relieved. Everyone should be safely at home, tucked up in their nice warm beds. How Castiel wished that was where he was right now.
"You'll need to call them.  Ask them to collect their cars; tell them they'll need to make alternate arrangements."
Ben backed away from him, an expression of playful horror on his face.  "Don't let him eat me, Dean!"
"If you've brushed your teeth," he said, knowing that if Dean lay down he wouldn't want to get up again.  As Dean got in beside him, Cas let out a pleased sigh.  "This is so comfortable."
When Dean got home, Cas was sitting on the sofa in darkness.  He put the light on, and walked further into the room.  As he got closer to Cas, he realised that he'd been doing a lot more crying since he left The Roadhouse.
in front of him, and Dean had the good grace to look abashed. Castiel sat down quietly beside him, not saying a word, but Dean knew he was itching to say something. After several moments of trying to concentrate on the game while seeing Castiel fidgeting out of the corner of his eye, Dean hit the mute button on the remote and turned to him.
"You say you've forgiven him but, by forgiving him without holding him accountable, you end up blaming yourself.  And as long as you blame yourself, you will feel guilty.  I want you to realise that forgiveness isn't always the best solution.  So, what would you say if I asked you to 'unforgive' your father?"
He frowned.  "Not that I'm aware of.  Nothing that's changed recently, at least."  When she looked at him, waiting, he elaborated.  "He's estranged from his brother."
The other players around the table either followed suit or threw their cards face town on the table.  They weren't as brave as Dean, who was getting giddy at the sight of what would surely be his growing pile of winnings because his hand could beat just about anything the rest of the men could put down.
that dragged him from his dreams.  He'd swapped his half-day with Benny, but forgotten to turn his alarm off.  Turning back over, he looked at the empty half of his bed where, just a few weeks ago, Cas had been lying.  Cas's pillow was lying sideways, so Dean wrapped an arm around it and sleepily buried his face in the cover.  If he paid enough attention when he inhaled, he could still smell Cas.
Dean coughed awkwardly.  "Look, dude, I don't swing that—  Oh," he breathed, relaxing when he saw Cas squinting at him.  "It's just you."
want to," Cas stated.  As if to emphasise his point, he licked up the length of Dean's cock before circling the head with his tongue.
"Not for the rest of the week," he said.  "And neither do you.  I'm going to take you home, and we're just going to relax in front of the TV all day.  You won't have to lift a finger."
felt nice, before he'd started overthinking it.  He dragged a hand down his face, realising that he needed to be having this conversation with Castiel.  Awkward.
"Okay, okay." As Dean tried to peer around Cas' shoulder to get the key in the lock, he caught a whiff of his scent. Cas smelled surprisingly good; a mix between the shampoo they shared and a slight earthy smell. Dean cleared his throat, shaking himself out of his distraction as the door finally swung open after three attempts. "Move," he muttered, slapping Cas' ass as they entered the apartment. There was no way either of them were going to be able to make the sofa bed up, so he half-dragged Cas in the direction of his bedroom. "Come on, Sleeping Beauty."
It took another second for the penny to drop in Dean's mind.  "Oh," he said thickly.  He'd known for ages that Cas liked him, but even now they were together he'd never considered that he
in Castiel's gravelly voice.  "You know, I never told you," he told the empty room, "but the alien's mouth is made from shredded condoms.  I'm sure I read that somewhere."
"Huh.  That'll be right.  Listen, Walker's bringing his car in.  Says it was sluggish getting up to speed after he stopped at a red light."
"And save on auction costs?  Yeah, if the offer's good enough."  Bobby smiled, taking a few years off his face as he did so.  "I think that'd be a damn fine idea."
After he'd done a full cycle of the channels and ended up back where he'd started, Dean switched the TV off.  He looked aimlessly round the room, noticing the chipped paint on the bottom of the door for the first time.  He looked at Cas, whose brow was furrowed so deep in concentration that Dean doubted he'd notice if he did a naked lap of the living room.  He quickly pushed that thought out of his mind and looked around the room again.  The bare walls that had never bothered him in the past suddenly felt empty.  Maybe he could get something to hang there?  Like some movie posters, or something?
Dean stopped in at the grocery store on the way home from work to pick up some toothpaste.  He eyed the latest edition of
"I'm gonna go cross-eyed if I have to keep looking at you that close," he joked as he finished getting dressed, aware of Castiel's eyes on him the whole time. Whatever. He wasn't ashamed of his body, even if he
"So tell us - why's a man as good-looking as you moping around a pool table all alone on a weeknight?"
If anyone asked him why he was talking to an empty house, he'd insist it was so that anyone walking by would think there was someone inside and would be discouraged from breaking in.  In truth, he'd read somewhere that plants responded positively to sound, and grew faster if you spoke to them.  Of course, if he ever got a houseplant of his own he'd never let Dean catch him talking to it - his boyfriend would think he'd gone mad.
," Dean corrected her, thinking that she was probably more right than she knew.  "I dunno where that leaves me."  Tears blurred his vision as he said, "
He rested his palm against the page and smiled to himself.  He'd forgotten the strength he got from turning to the Lord for guidance.
"Can you please go to bed?" Cas asked him quietly, and Dean hated how small his voice sounded as he asked him that.
They'd let Ben stay up far too late the night before, so Dean wasn't in a hurry to wake him up the following morning.  He still wasn't up by the time Cas had left for his session with Pamela, so Dean stayed in the kitchen and started making burgers for dinner that night.  In theory, the longer they spent in the fridge, the better they'd keep their shape.
They stopped for pizza on the way home, getting getting two large ones and side to share.  As much as Dean liked to - and could - eat a whole large pizza himself, he thought Ben should eat better than that.  As such, he reluctantly asked Cas to make up a salad for them.  In response, Cas teasingly placed the back of his hand against Dean's forehead and asked if he was feeling okay.  Ben complained but, to set an example, Dean forced a smile as he chewed on a mouthful of 'rabbit food'.  It worked, though, because Ben cleared his plate.
He got dressed as quickly as he could and when he got to the kitchen he found that Dean was nearly finished. He sat down and looked at the... meal... that was on his plate.
There was a large purple bruise across his side, and it was darker than it had been a couple of days ago.
"Liar.  You never lose your rag like this," Dean told him, but he sounded relieved.  "What happened?"
Dean dropped Castiel's hand as they rounded the front of the building and they got into the car, waving goodbye to Bobby as they left.  They drove for a little while in silence before Dean spoke again.
"Dean, you drink too much.  You gamble when you can't afford to lose!"  Sam paused, taking a moment before he lost it at his brother.  "I know that Dad put a lot of responsibility onto you when we were growing up, and he shouldn't have done that, but that doesn't mean you get to waive your responsibilities
Bobby motioned outside.  "You see all those cars?" Bobby snapped, most of the anger gone from his tone.  "They need washed.  Today, that's
"Think of your memory like a jigsaw puzzle.  You had some of the pieces - the bar, the men, your father - but no idea what the final image was supposed to look like.  You were lacking the
"I'm sorry." Castiel said after a moment.  "I'm just...  With Sam and everything, I wasn't trying to—"
"I'll see you at work."  Stealing one last kiss, Cas all but ran out the door and took the stairs two at a time.
Castiel had the decency to look away from Dean when he noticed the pained look that clouded his face, but then Dean glanced down at the paper in front of Cas to see that he had been looking at the apartments for rent.
"Well, you're not the only one who needs therapy," Ellen admitted quietly.  "Never thought I'd hear myself saying
"It's not difficult," she assured him.  "I'll say a word, and all you have to do is tell me the first word that comes to mind in response to that word.  So if I say 'hot', you might say..?"
"Of course I'm not going to cut him off."  Sam sighed.  "I just said that stuff because I don't know how else to get through to him."
"I do," Cas agreed.  "But I won't say anything until you're ready because it's something that doesn't just affect
As the rest of the congregation gathered their belongings and shuffled to the exit, Cas stared at the effigy of Jesus hanging on the cross behind the altar.  As the church emptied and quietened, he became aware of someone sitting down beside him.
"I wish there was something I could do to make you stop hurting," he whispered into Dean's hair.  "But I promise that, whatever you need, I'm here."
"Cas is fine," Castiel assured him. "It's nice, actually – sometimes I feel that Castiel sounds too... I don't know... stuck-up, for want of a better word. Too serious, too formal, almost. My father told me to stop being so stupid and vain, and to accept and be grateful for the name he and my mother gave me. So I've always been 'Castiel'."
"Hey, I'm only thirty-two, and I won that watch fair and square!" he exclaimed, immediately regretting raising his voice.
Castiel smiled, holding a pair of dark blue trunks with lighter blue highlights.  "These are perfect."
"Our Lord in Heaven, please watch over Bobby Singer," Castiel said quietly, his lips moving against Dean's skin.  "Please don't let this be his time.  Help him find his way back to those who love him."
Cas and Andy just looked at him and shook their heads, while Bobby gave him another clip around the ear.
"All Ben's extra-curricular activities - games club, swimming practice, tutoring sessions...  She wants me to know when it's good to call."
"Andy thought that it'd be a good idea," Bobby announced, noticing where his attention was focused.  "Something about letting queers know they're welcome here.  I don't get why they think they
.  Sexually, sure, but not emotionally.  A sudden pang in his chest made him yearn for more.  So, surprising himself, he leaned forward and kissed Cas again.
The man's friends, who had been noticeably absent during his altercation with Dean, all voiced in agreement.
When Dean had found that the cupboards were practically empty that morning, he'd bitten the bullet and announced that they would go shopping. But as he'd been about to leave he realised that Cas was in charge of the cooking, so should also be in charge of the groceries. So he'd told him to write a list of anything he thought they'd need (thinking it would give Cas something positive to focus on, and distract him from whatever it was that he was dealing with) and the rest they could just make up as they went along.
"Alright.  Well, if my ageing ass isn't doing it for you, I'm gonna get cleaned up," Dean said, when Cas finally fell silent.
"It's supposed to be an omelette," Dean said, as if he could read Castiel's mind. "Don't ask me what's in it, though – I just threw in a few things that were sitting around."
manage it, if Bobby wouldn't mind him working mornings instead.  But if he was committed to the garage, he couldn't be entirely flexible as was required.  And nobody could survive on a day and a half's wages, so surely they
Dean didn't have to call Ben by his name for Cas to know who he was talking about.  He reached out to touch Dean's arm lightly, just enough to coax him out of his thoughts.  "Come on," he said, leading the way back to the front yard again.  "Let's go home."
Cas cast him a sideways glance before returning his gaze to Ben's busy schedule.  "I'm sure Ben does that, too."
"Do you want to ride up front?" Sam asked Cas, failing to hide his amusement at Dean's feigned dislike of their adopted four-legged friend.
Dean helped Castiel get in the passenger seat and tried not to think about wet seats. He tossed Castiel's bag in the trunk, wondering how someone could end up with only a small bag of belongings to their name.
"Good.  I'm glad to hear it."  He grinned, clapping Dean on the back.  "Maybe we can grab a bite sometime after work.  See if we can't have ourselves a little fun."
"You'd better hope so.  Can we just... get to the end of this, and then get some food?" he pleaded desperately.
"You're not a shit friend, Dean," Castiel said sincerely. He paused before he continued, wondering if it would be too much. "You're the best friend I've ever had."
than 'just friends'.  Should he say something?  Make sure he and Balthazar were on the same wavelength?  But then it wasn't really any of his business, was it?  He just felt oddly protective of his friend, and it wasn't a
She rubbed a hand across her stomach.  "He's a fighter, alright.  Always kicking."  Then she looked horrified.  "Don't tell Dean it's a boy - we agreed we'd let it be a surprise but I couldn't wait any longer!"
If they'd expected the hospital to be quiet because it was Christmas and everyone should be at home with their families, they'd have been sorely mistaken.  A drunk woman was screeching a horribly out-of-tune rendition of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer, a homeless man was fighting three security guards, a mother with bags under her eyes larger than the ones Dean had stuffed with presents at home desperately rocked a wailing baby, while a father holding a blood-soaked rag to his head yelled at his three kids - who were using the seats as a climbing frame - to sit down.
"You look like you're holding something back," Pamela said, topping up his glass of water even though he'd barely touched it.
Chuck raced out of the room when they opened the door; Cas rushing to remove the frying pan from the hot ring and Dean hurrying to open the windows.  They flapped tea towels around, trying to usher the smoke outside.
Dean's hand paused on the ignition.  "You'd better throw that number out when we get home," he added, only half joking.
Castiel hadn't thought about that.  The mention of internet had the wheels in his head turning, and as his fingers deftly slipped cables through loops, disentangling them one knot at a time, he entertained the idea of the garage having its own website.  Unfortunately that wasn't something he knew how to do, and would probably be expensive.
Eventually Dean noticed him staring, and stopped chewing.  "You want to try a bit?" he asked around his mouthful of food, pointing at his plate with his fork.
"Cheers," Castiel agreed, clanking Dean's glass with his own.  "Although," he began after downing the rest of his beer at a speed that made even Dean's eyes widen, "I am sensing that you don't like Meg very much."
"Oh, don't get your panties in a bunch, Winchester – I know you've still got ten minutes left of your lunch break."
Dean stuck his tongue in his cheek as he considered what Cas had said.  "So what do you want to do?"
blared out of the speakers, the music wrapping himself in its familiarity, but failed to soothe him as it usually would.
When he'd taken Cas in, it had almost been as a replacement for his brother - finding that having someone to care for and look after gave his life purpose, and filled part of the hole in his heart that couldn't be healed with meaningless flings that were over almost as soon as they'd started.  He longed for deeper relationships with the people around him, but pushed them away to protect himself from being hurt again.  He cared deeply about the people in his life - though he acted otherwise - but emotional attachments caused nothing but heartache in the long run, when the people involved inevitable left.  However, as time had passed and Dean had gotten to know him, Castiel had created his own little space in Dean's heart.  Cas had grown to
"I can't talk about his counselling," she reminded him.  "But, just like you, he has to make that decision for himself."
"Well, maybe just a little bit," Dean agreed. "I'd like to still have my taste buds when I'm finished!" He laughed, but it took Cas a moment to join in. "Say, man – you've been here a week, now."
Boyfriend.  That was the second time he'd heard that word today.  It was like the universe was trying to tell him something.
Dean was frowning at him in concern. How long had he stood there silently, lost in his own thoughts?
The line went dead, and Castiel hit the button in the earpiece rest and dialled Dean's number.  When it rang out he redialled.  "Hello?" he gasped out when someone picked up.
"Next you'll be teaching me to fetch," Dean complained lightly, coming back to take his empty glass to the kitchen.
"Really? The cupboards are empty and you think all we need is milk, eggs and bread?" Dean grinned, internally screaming because a short list meant more time wandering around looking for things, and more time spent wandering around meant Dean got more irritable because he
Castiel thought back on the last few weeks with Dean.  "Maybe I am," he acknowledged, though he wasn't quite sure
"Okay, okay," Dean laughed.  "But remember, don't let it go just now – we're just going to swing it a few times."
"Okay, okay," Andy grinned.  "Though I think Dean's about to cop it for pushing Bobby to give you a job.  He's been trying to get me and Benny to dispose of the computer for months, but what were we going to do with it?  Nobody'll want something as old as this, except maybe a museum!" he joked.  "It's no wonder Bobby got it as cheap as he did."
When they started moving again, it was less about having sex and more about being in love.  Their thrusts were slower, they stared into each other's eyes, and breathed against each other's lips.  They took their time; relishing the fact they were
"Well what if I spoke to Charlie for you about making a website?  If you keep it simple, maybe I can sweet-talk her into doing it for free."
Yeah.  And no.  Fuck, this whole thing with Cas was complicated.  When it was just him and Cas, spending time together, then yeah, it felt right.  It felt right in a way that terrified him because it was so
Castiel bit his lip as he pondered whether or not to say something, but chose to keep quiet.  For now.
They spent ten minutes there, laughing and high-fiving the monkeys, until some obvious coughing made them aware of the other people gathered behind them.
As if to prove Dean wrong the kitten leapt onto Cas's thigh, claws digging through his jeans and into flesh, and rubbed his head against his shirt.
"We're good.  Thanks."  Sam was silent for a moment, then asked, "Look, I know Dean'll probably tell me what he thinks I want to hear, so...  How is he?"
"And this must be Castiel," Father Reynolds said, turning to him.  "Why don't we go inside and have a little chat?"
He wanted to keep talking - to express his niggling doubts that Dean was with him not because he wanted to be
Dean looked at him.  Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Max very obviously eavesdropping behind Cas while trying not to stare.  He nodded once at Cas, then strode out the door.
Castiel turned away from the children to let out a soft laugh.  Dean hadn't been in the room thirty seconds and already he couldn't imagine Cain playing the part.  Straight away the green-eyed Santa Claus had them eating out of his hand.  The kids formed an animated, yet orderly crowd as they waited eagerly for him to read their names out and receive their presents.
"Whoa, take a breath.  You don't have to pay me back," Sam interrupted assuringly.  "It's not like Dean does."
He and Cas hadn't had any lunch but, although he knew he should feel hungry, he had no appetite.  The burger he ordered seemed tasteless, though no-one else had any complaints about their food.
Dean looked around but none of the other mechanics were paying them any attention and Bobby was out of earshot.  "Cas, so long as you're not trying to get into their pants none of them should give a damn what team you bat for."
"Now you're no longer on a couch in my office - picture yourself lying on a sun lounger, eyes closed, alone on a tropical island.  You can hear the waves, breaking on the shoreline...  You can smell the salty ocean mist...  The air is warm, but a cool breeze blowing through the tropical forest behind you keeps you cool.  Can you see the beach?"
Which was total bullshit.  It didn't matter who you fell in love with, so long as they were of legal age and you treated them with respect.  Age differences, genders - none of that mattered.  So why did it?
"Mmm...  Cas..."  Cupping his hands under Cas's thighs, he half-lifted, half-flipped the man - who was heavier than he looked - onto his back.
He scribbled a quick note to Castiel before he left, apologising for the lack of hot water and that no, it wasn't his fault for being in the shower too long, and that he's take a look at the boiler when he got home at five. If Castiel wanted hot water for anything he'd just have to boil the kettle.
He took an angry bite of his sandwich and chewed it aggressively.  As he swallowed, he thought about how much Cas seemed to float into his mind when he wasn't paying attention.  "Have you ever...  Nah, forget it."
"I know what it feels like, to be the one asking for help, only to be treated with disdain.  As if I ended up where I was by
"And it's a fair question," Jody said.  "But that's a question for lawyers.  In the meantime, however, you'll have to close up."
it up.  (He resolutely refused to acknowledge that time in the back of his car - that had been embarrassing.)  He nodded at the receptionist, who still watched him cautiously, as he walked past her to Pamela's office.
Dean looked unhappy, but seemed to accept that he was going to have to.  As he shoved a huge forkful of meat into his mouth and chewed, his jaw fell slack in delight.
of us had had before," Cas told him.  When Ben's face fell, he added, "If we can't find anything, though, we could come back to that.
"That's because you won't let me! You've been here for almost three weeks now, and I still don't know where you come from!" A sudden realisation hit him. "Cas, I don't even know your last name."
They continued along the path, chuckling at the baboons and awwing over the lemurs, then doubling back to see the sun bears and pygmy hippos.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Castiel said, only to be shushed by someone two rows in front of them.  He crouched down and tried to sweep the popcorn back into the container.  "I'm so sorry."
you from breaking," she said eventually.  "You're a mechanic.  Think of your mind as the suspension on a car - if it's too tight the metal can become stressed and break, leading to a costly repair.  If your mind is too stressed with thoughts, even subconscious ones you aren't aware are there, it can fracture and lead to a mental collapse that can require hospitalisation and long-term treatment."  She fell silent, letting her words sink in as she waited for Dean to respond.
He wrapped his arms around him and a moment later Dean's need for comfort seemed to win the battle with his need to be strong, and Castiel felt him melt into his embrace.  Castiel sat there and just held him, stroking his fingers through his short hair and murmuring reassurances in his ear until Dean fell into a peaceful doze.
"Suck the lime!" he was dimly aware of Balthazar shouting at him so he sucked it hard, his eyes screwing up as the sharp acidity of the fruit hit his tongue.
"Yes, you are.  You just look good for your age."  She grabbed a cloth and wiped up his mess.  "And it's time you started acting like it."
"Of course not!"  Castiel felt insulted that Dean would even feel the need to ask.  "It's not my place to 'out' you, as Balthazar would say."
"You'd made it pretty clear we didn't have a future," Dean reminded her.  "There was no reason to stay."  He swallowed.  "You were the only reason I'd stuck around so long."
And Dean did. He talked for twenty minutes and told Bobby everything. He told him about finding Cas on the bridge, about Castiel leaving and Dean taking him back home again, he told him that Castiel's father had beaten him, and he that he'd found him with a blade in his hand when he'd finished work on Monday and how didn't know what to do or how to help him, all while Bobby just sat there and listened.
"So you should think about replacing your mattress every eight to ten years," the saleswoman informed Dean cheerily.  "How old is the one you have now?"
"Why'd I ever listen to Dean..." Bobby complained, his voice getting quieter as he walked away, leaving them to it.
want to talk, I'll give you one session free of charge.  With no obligation to come back," she added, as Dean's expression turned argumentative.
Bobby's feet came into view, and stopped at Dean's.  Then, two large hands scooped up the cat who wasn't shy about vocalising his displeasure at being taken away from Dean's boots.
"Well, in exchange for the return of the watch, they were prepared not to make a statement. So you're not facing assault charges."
"Can you please not bring up Balthazar or anyone else when we're—  Hang on, he thought you were being
the sports pages. They were as different as chalk and cheese, but he thought that, for some reason, they seemed to balance each other out.
"I was just about to come and tell you to get ready to head out," Cas told Dean, before rounding on Jo.  "So thank you for ruining the surprise, Joanna."
Roadworks took him past the Roadhouse, and where Jo was taking a delivery.  He honked his horn and waved at her as he passed, and she flipped him the bird with a grin for making her jump.
He halfheartedly stroked his cock, hanging limp between his legs.  He couldn't get hard, though, and he cursed.  It had been too long since he'd been with anyone.  He wanted the relaxed feeling that came with relief, but he wasn't really in the mood to jerk himself off.  He gave up and lifted his face up to the spray, dragging tired hands down his face as he wished he could just wipe the date from the calendar.  He stood under the spray far longer than was necessary, unsure if he was just close to crying or if he was actually crying as the water ran down his face.
"And can you give Cas your laundry?  We'll do a load tonight and hopefully it'll be dry enough to pack in the morning.  I don't want to give your mom extra work to do."
"You'll find out once I bring the pizzas back," was all Dean would say. "And don't bother trying to cheat, because I'm taking it with me."
As he trudged home at one o'clock in the morning he let out a bitter laugh which misted in the air in front of him. Well, it was certainly tomorrow, alright. He'd won a shitload of money off some college students and spent it all on beer, getting himself drunk to the point that no girl was going to take him home that night, and to top it all off Ellen had kept his keys claiming he was too drunk to drive.
Jo took another bottle and refilled their glasses, topping up Castiel's even though he'd just had a sip.  "You know Mom and Bobby were—  Well, they're too old to call it dating, but... they'd been flirting.  A lot.  And they'd gone out a couple of times.  I think it was going somewhere."
Jody stepped forward.  "Alright, why don't we all calm down, huh?  My name's Jody Mills, and I'm the sheriff round these parts."
Cas poured another generous helping into Bobby's glass.  "We both know that the garage is struggling, and the only reason you could afford to pay me to help out in the office was because it allowed you to get back into the shop," he started.
Castiel looked over. "You asked me to look out everything you didn't really need and was just taking up space."
"No, we're not here to show her off," Dean said, digging their tickets out of his jacket pocket.  "We're just here to look."
Dean swiped a finger across the splash of food that had fallen from his over-filled mouth then, after a second's pause, licked it clean.
That was the last thing he wanted. He just wanted to be left alone to figure out if there was even a point in living any more. "Dean, I don't think that's—"
"If you really think you'll be ready to do this again sooner, you can make an appointment for next week on your way out.  But Dean, I—"
"You don't want to ask!" Bobby all but yelled back. "Just because you don't like to talk about things doesn't mean other people don't! It's about him, not you, so pull your head out of your ass and talk to him!"
When Castiel woke up the next morning, he fell into his usual routine - putting the coffee pot on, trudging to the toilet, and brushing his teeth - until memories of the day before came rushing back to him.
"Such a good boy, keeping quiet like that," Santa praised him, stroking a hand through Dean's hair as his softening cock slipped free of Dean's ass.  "And such a good ass."
"Alright, you do that and I'll finish drying, then we'll watch a movie.  How does that sound?" Dean asked, already reaching for the dish towel.
"No, it's fine. I need a shower. Bobby was moaning that he's going to need to give me a day off sometime soon if I keep working unofficial overtime. Hey, are you feeling any better? You look a bit peaky."
"Not like this, you're not.  Come on," she said, sliding out of the booth and tugging him to his feet.  "You can lie down in the staff room until he gets here."
"I thought you might be a little apprehensive.  I must say, I'm surprised to see you," Pamela told him.  "Take a seat."
Raised voices cut her off before she could tell Dean what she hoped.  They both looked in the direction of the bar in time to see a guy push Cas backwards so hard that he fell over a bar stool.
Slowly, Cas pulled away.  "I love you," he stated.  "And even though you're not sure you feel as strongly for me yet, that doesn't change the fact that I do.  For that reason, there is no-one else I'd rather think about when I pleasure myself."
understand the importance Cas put on changing his name - a process that was surprisingly expensive, given the simplicity of the request.  And they'd agreed that they'd hold off on signing a shared lease until that happened - only Dean didn't think
"But right now," Cas said, ignoring Dean's complaints, "I'm going to have a very hot shower.  Hopefully it will soothe my neck."
Dean looked in his bottle as he swirled the dregs of his drink around.  Castiel's words were making him feel slightly shallow.  "Yeah.  No, I get that."
"The potted crab," Dean revealed, laughing at the bewildered look on Cas's face.  "It was a, uh, line of thought."
The building manager grinned.  "Just bring me the paperwork, and I'll get a new lease written up for you both to sign."
The thought of dying no longer seemed like the easy way out.  It scared him, now.  Life wasn't easy, but then wasn't that the point?
"I know," Cas snapped, thinking that it was unfair the kitten should suffer because of their poor finances.  "But he was cold and alone and hungry - I couldn't do
A trolley was wheeled over and he laid Castiel down on it, following the nurses who wheeled him away in a hurry.
Castiel waited, bracing himself as Dean took a breath, building himself up for whatever it was he was going to say.
As Dean shoved another forkful of food in his mouth, Castiel's admiring gaze fell on his lips.  He knew what they felt like against his own, but he found himself wondering what they might feel like on other areas of his body; his chest, his stomach, the inside of his thighs...  He glanced away and shifted slightly as his internal thoughts threatened to manifest themselves in
"Unless you've brought a refill, leave me alone," he said, the edges of his words slurring slightly.
.  Besides, I saw the two of you talking and thought I'd give you a chance to get his number.  Jess thought I looked a little lost, so came to ask if I was okay."
told me that if I was interviewed first they might forget about me," Cas pointed out.  "It's only a Saturday job, but it's
make choices for other people.  That's why they call it free will.  We are all free to make our own choices."
They both turned to look and Castiel felt Dean's hand tug out of his hastily.  Ben was crouched down in front of the glass, one hand raised.  They waited and waited, wondering what they were waiting for, before one of the monkeys leapt over and jumped up as if high-fiving Ben.
Noticing the way Dean's eyes slid over his body, Castiel straightened slightly.  He could feel himself getting aroused under Dean's gaze so, in what he hoped was a subtle movement, he moved a hand in an attempt to hide the growing tent in his towel.
"You saved my life.  You got me the help I needed.  And then you sacrificed your future for me.  Don't you think I'd do the same for you?"
Cas leant closer, expecting Dean to mutter something to him.  But what happened next was the last thing he expected.
He was shivering despite feeling like he was burning, his body covered in sweat.  He tried to focus, his breathing fast and shallow as he tried to get himself orientated.  He was at home.  He was home.  He was alone, and there was no fire.
Dean's stomach clenched in guilt because he should have gotten there quicker, should have pressed Cas for more information so he knew which club he was at, should have—
"You're always asking for my help, Dean. She's my girlfriend, and this affects her as much as it does me. And don't roll your eyes at me!"
"Yeah. Be still like vegetables," Dean laughed, eyes twinkling until he realised he was quoting Pretty Woman. It had been Lisa's favourite movie and he must have suffered through watching it with her at least twenty times. He tried to disguise his blush by coughing as he thanked the universe that Cas wouldn't understand that reference.
"Good," Sam said, glad they were moving on before they could start an argument.  "Jess also got me a book on Lizzie Borden, and tickets to tour her house when we're in Massachusetts over the summer visiting her parents."
so much again, either.  He wondered what his chances were of persuading Dean to come home before he got
"I know," Dean agreed.  He stepped towards Cas and gripped his wrists loosely, rubbing his thumbs where Cas had once threatened to leave scars.  "I
Dean's stomach twisted.  "No, you don't have to—  Don't be."  He yanked his t-shirt down.  "It's just...  It's kind of cold in here.  But..."  He moved Castiel's hands back under the fabric.  "...this is still okay."
"The Green Mile, huh?" he said, looking at what Cas was reading. You reading that or watching this?" he asked pointing to the TV.
"I won't tell if you don't.  But you hurt my baby, I hurt you," Dean warned, only half joking, as Castiel nervously made his way over to the driver's side.
Castiel seemed to suddenly realise that other people were looking at him strangely, and when he looked up at Dean again his fear was obvious.
"Sort of," Dean said, even though it wasn't as simple as that.  Then he pointed out, "And it made it impossible for me to just relax and
"...and the doorways are too narrow to be sheltered from the rain or wind.  And you're less likely to find people kind enough to give you some change and more likely to find cops telling you to '
Castiel's kissing skills were improving all the time, and both his hands fisted in Dean's hair as he kissed him.  When Dean caught his lower lip, his teeth gently scraping over the flesh, Cas let out a moan.  As he shifted, and growing arousal became more evident between his body and Dean's.
... And disgusting.  "So I take it you won't complain that there's leftovers for tomorrow, then?" he asked, a little smugly.  He was always proud when he cooked something new and Dean liked it, but more so when Dean had expressed a reluctance towards it first.
Ben sat in the living room playing his video game while Dean cooked their dinner.  Cas leaned on the counter and watched.  Neither said anything for a long time, cooking and watching in a companionable silence.
"I just want you to know that you've got me, as well," Sam told him.  "And I don't want you to shut me out.  I just need to know that you're okay.  That you're not... struggling... with anything."
"I can read you like a book, boy, and I'm not a charity.  I hired you because you're a damn good mechanic, not because of who your daddy was."
"Please be more careful," Castiel said softly, holding Dean's hand for a second too long before letting go.  Dean said nothing as he returned to his vegetables.
His throat seized up around the lyrics, catching him by surprise.  Without Cas, he wouldn't have to face whatever it was that was holding him back.  But without Cas, he'd be alone.  He roughly twisted the dial - scanning for the next station, searching for a different song.  After a moment of static something classical started playing.  Another twist, and something poppy burst out of the speakers.
It was Ben's birthday party, and Dean had blown up so many balloons he'd gotten light-headed and had to sit down.  The house had been
"You're welcome," Cas said as he sat down opposite Dean. "I hardly ate anything yesterday, so I could probably use this as well."
"If you want to know what's inside, you just have to open it," Dean teased, noticing him glance at the gift.
"It's sort of the opposite of what I worked on with Pamela," Cas said.  "Instead of accepting compliments without question, I had to learn to reject insults."
.  It's hard to say in cases like this.  We'll see if the swelling goes down.  Like I said, time will tell."
Fingers brushed against his as Castiel moved to take his bag from Dean, and Dean let him; also draping his own jacket around Castiel when he shivered.
He replayed his words over in his head and his expression turned to one of horror.  "I didn't mean—"
glad for the hymn book."  They lapsed into silence again, until Cas turned the question back on Dean.  "What about you?"
"Every now and then he'll say it's the last time, but then the next time he helps me out again.  One of these days it will be the last time, though.  Or maybe not.  I mean, we're getting on better, now."
Castiel pushed himself a little harder, and ran a little further every day.  Today was like no other; keeping his mind purposefully blank, he focused on the sound of his feet hitting the pavement.
The look of surprise on Castiel's face when he came out of the church on Sunday and saw Dean waiting for him, leaning against the Impala, made him chuckle.
She chuckled.  "I'm not going to stop you from walking out the door, but if you don't want to do any more word association then we can do something else."
Cas reluctantly allowed himself to be pulled into another one of Dean's bear hugs, silently vowing to himself that that wouldn't be the end of it.
at Cas.  He was deep in concentration, trying to complete another of his word puzzles.  Probably a crossword.
"So you ever remember something that happened to you, only you remember it wrong?" he asked eventually.
Castiel swallowed thickly.  "How about I do it?  After all, we're both men here!" he joked lightly, throwing Dean's words back at him.
," Cas longed to say.  But he held his tongue as Dean spoke, eager for him to continue.  He knew it was good for Dean to acknowledge these things.
As he continued to stroke Chuck, he eyed the internet icon.  After casting a sideways glance at the pile of papers he
"Yeah," Dean cut him off, not wanting to go into the details of his father's death.  He cleared his throat.  "I mean, you're a good friend, you know?  If anything happened to you…  Well.  I'd miss you."
"Today or tomorrow, she'll still want to know how it went.  It's probably best we get it over with.  And perhaps ending the night with our friends will make the evening less of a disappointment."
"Where the hell's the beer?" Dean asked, poking around in the fridge.  "I might be a bit fuzzy on last night, but I
Every bit as stubborn as his brother had always said he was, Dean took another mouthful of coffee and tried not to wince.
Dean gave up. If the dude didn't want to talk, then Dean would leave him be. He thought he could make out a faint rattling when he pulled away from a set of traffic lights, and he scowled. He'd fix that. His baby deserved better, and he'd treat her right in her old age.
"Watch it," Dean warned him.  He didn't remember Ben being this cheeky, either.  But he supposed pushing boundaries was a part of growing up.  And, as much as he didn't want to admit it, Ben was growing up.  He was no longer the child he'd left behind, confused as to why Dean's relationship with his mother had ended and doubting just how much Dean cared for him.
Impatient, he gave up trying to catch the eye of the blonde waitress flirting with another businessman flashing the cash.  Instead he carried his empty glass back through to the first room, ignoring the security guy's suspicious stare.  Once in the main room clients tended to stay there for some time, but now that Dean was out of the apartment he wasn't sure he was in the mood for much of anything.  Sex had always been a source of relief when he was stressed, and a pick-me-up when he was down, but sometimes it just made him feel worse.  He'd get drunk, he'd shack up, then he'd say adiós...
Dean shook his head, eyes shiny with unshed tears.  "No.  No, of course I'm not mad."  He pulled Ben into a hug.  "You know, I was afraid as well."
To Dean's credit he stuck with Cas most of the night but, as usual, was drawn into the cloying action of the pool table and its admirers.  It was always the same, Castiel thought, tracing the rim of his empty glass.  Dean was an experienced player and the teenagers Dean was currently hustling out of their money were drunk and distracted by their girlfriends. It wasn't all Dean's fault.  Castiel was perfectly dreadful as a 'wingman' and he hadn't the first clue how to play pool.  Watching Dean had only taught him that you hit balls and make lewd remarks to throw off the competition.  Or maybe that was flirting.  Castiel would have been content to sit quietly with Dean while they poked fun at each other, but when Dean stepped into the bar it was clear:  he had to be doing
"There's a difference between leaving someone and putting space between them and yourself," she pointed out.  "As soon as you've shown you are willing, this woman has opened herself up to you again; has shared her child with you again.  Can I ask—"
"No.  I don't think soap is going to get it off," Cas told him, leaning in to give him a peck on the cheek.
"It's just a huge step," Cas repeated, as if he could read Dean's mind and knew he needed reassurance, "and I need to know that I - that
Drinking another mouthful of beer as he waited for the counter on the microwave to hit zero, the smell of burning drifted into Dean's nose.  He glanced over at the toaster where smoke was starting to curl out of the slots.
Halloween was almost upon them, and when Castiel said that he'd never carved a jack o' lantern, Dean promptly went out and bought them one each.
"It's been a while," Dean told his reflection.  "But you owe yourself.  You owe Cas.  It's nothing but a ground ball - you've just got to put your mitt down.  You are Dean Winchester.  This is what you do."  He paused, and let out a breath.  "Even if it's not who you usually do it
They hadn't seen him last night so, not that she'd admit to her mother, she'd scoured the newspapers for any reports of accidents.  Mercifully she hadn't seen his name or a description of him in the pages and, as her mother nodded towards the door making her look over, relief flooded through her as Dean trudged up to the bar.
The memory of not-Cas from his nightmare putting his hand on his thigh had him pulling away.  "I need a shower," he said, by way of explanation.  "And I need to brush my teeth."
"She's going to think about it some more, perhaps talk to Ben about it, and then she'll call you back sometime."
"Pace yourself.  If there's something to don't like, don't force yourself to eat it.  Save room for the next course."
Sam cleared his throat.  "You cooked, Eileen and I will clean up," he said, gesturing at their dirty plates.  "Why don't you and Cas go, uh, watch some Netflix.  And maybe chill."  He chuckled to himself.
Dean hummed in grateful acknowledgement, stroking his thumb across Castiel's arm and enjoying the feel of the warm body beside him.  He'd been on the edge of sleep, but was awake now.
"Alright," Dean conceded, still not entirely happy about it.  But Sam was right about it making good financial sense.  "I'll call the bank tomorrow."
of, other ten courses be damned.  Even the sweetness of the millionaire's shortbread, much needed after so many savoury dishes, couldn't beat the deliciousness and simplicity of the cheese course.
"I'm sure neither of you meant anything you said in anger," Cas assured him diplomatically.  "Why don't you go shower, and dinner will be ready by the time you're out?"
Dean took one of Castiel's arms around his shoulders and wrapped an arm around Castiel's waist as he helped him back up to the car.
Dean headed for the elevator as Cas moved towards the stairs.  With a heavy sigh, Dean followed him.  They bumped into Mr Shurley on the second floor, who asked if Dean still wanted to sign a new lease.  After apologising, and explaining that some other things had come up, he promised to get back to him.
"Jeez, are you like this with Cas?" he grumbled, crossing his arms across his chest.  "It's a wonder he comes back, getting interrogated like this every week."
Cas looked thoughtful for a moment.  "Ok," he said.  "So how about when you finish a session you come
Telling Cas was easier said than done, Dean mused as he walked down the stairs out of the building.  Cas could be so understanding, and had the patience of a saint, when he was being rational.  But he was in love, and sometimes his heart ruled his head, and
Castiel's fingers lingered over Dean's as he took the offered mug.  Cradling it in both hands, he took a sip.  As he placed it on the desk, he made sure to position his hands so they came into contact with Dean's thigh.
Without turning around he could hear Cas moving closer to him, sensing when he was near enough to reach out and touch him.  A second later, Castiel's hands found his waist.  It was little gestures like that, innocent touches that had Dean leaning closer, that made him sure he'd made the right choice in trying to make this work with Cas.  Even though he was always the one to pull away first, he wanted
Castiel reluctantly handed over the bag and Dean tipped it upside down. A small glass vial on a leather strap fell into his waiting hand, and he sucked in a breath as the contents began to glow.
Who were 'they'?  "Love is easy," she agreed, moving to crouch beside him.  "It's everything else that's difficult."
"Suit yourself," Balthazar shrugged, ushering his 'guest' in the direction of his bedroom.  "My door won't be locked if you change your mind."
Cas looked at him - at the way Dean was avoiding looking at him - and realised that Dean was beating himself up for snapping.  What could possibly have set him off?  Moving to sit beside him, Cas wrapped an arm around him and drew him close, stroking a hand through his hair in the way he knew Dean pretended not to love.
Cas stared at him for a moment, before fresh hurt clouded over his face.  "Cassie?!  Your ex Cassie?!"
Castiel was shaking, through from anger or disappointment, Dean didn't know.  "I have to go," he said, and it was whispered so quietly that Dean almost didn't hear him.
Dean fell silent after that, but Castiel didn't want them to fall into an awkward silence. He liked it when Dean talked.
Charlie was staring at him in a mixture of disgust and horror.  "That's more than I ever needed to know about my best friend."
Almost as soon as he'd finished berating himself for acting like a child he spotted Dean standing in the midst of a group of children outside Santa's grotto.  "Dean, kindly do
"You know, it's nice having a bit of extra cash to do this."  He'd never bothered before about how much he spent on booze.  "Go out," he explained.
"Okay," Pamela said, allowing his silence to move the conversation on, "so Lisa's another person you've said has 'left you', yet is still in your life - however distantly."
better off.  He was just a grease monkey, whereas Balthazar was... whatever he was.  And if Cas went back to university and graduated this time, well, it should just put him even further out of Dean's league than he already was.  All he had was a GED and a guarantee of coming home from work filthy every day.
"Ugh," Castiel complained, missing the lever several times before he managed to flush the toilet.  He fumbled in his coat pocket for his cell phone and he prayed that Dean would answer quickly.
, but he wanted to look nice - and, after all, it would be a waste of money if he never wore it again.
The three got started on dinner as soon as they were home; Dean dicing the chicken, Cas chopping the vegetables, and Ben grating the carrot.
"And so we should," he agreed, focusing on his happiness for Dean instead of his disappointment.  "It's been a long time since we've gone out."
Cas pouted, his irritation softened by his own amusement.  "But honestly," he asked, once Dean's laughter had ebbed, "are you okay?"
any more.  Technically speaking, he supposed he was homeless again - because staying with Balthazar wasn't meant to be permanent.  But then again, neither had staying with Dean.
"You want to talk about whatever's eating you?" Dean asked eventually, when Castiel still hadn't said a word during lunch.
It was the most Dean had been aware of Jesse saying all night.  All three of them sat in silence for a long moment, letting his words sink in.
Cas turned to Father Reynolds, shame turning over in his gut as he met the disappointment in his eyes.  "I'm sorry."
"Yes," said Castiel. Everything he owned, save for the clothes on his back, was in that small hold-all.
"How many times have you drooled over the menu before telling us it's 'too damn expensive'?" she chuckled.
"I think you're less alone than you feel, Dean.  As an outsider, I think I can see a few people who care about you more than you let yourself believe they do."
"The twenty-first century is amazing - we have these things called phones so you can talk to people who are far away," she remarked pointedly, her tone laden with sarcasm.  "And computers with electronic letters and the ability to have
She looked confused at his seemingly random outburst, but flipped him off before pocketing her tip with a smile.
Even as he felt as though the ground had given way beneath him, Cas nodded and snuggled closer to Dean.  His boyfriend.  His home.  Both at risk because of one stupid lie.
"Well you might want to start by putting some clothes on first," Castiel noted, his gaze travelling down to where the towel rested just below Dean's navel.
Placing a hand on Dean's shoulder, and forcing himself to bury his own nervousness that had started on the drive to the airport, Cas said, "
Dean took his cooling mug of coffee down the hallway to his room.  Shutting the door behind him, he sat down on his bed and glanced at one of the two photos that sat beside the lamp on the small bedside table.
"I don't think I want to die," Castiel said quietly, with the dawning realisation of someone who'd been calling black white all his life.
Footsteps thundered down the hall and then Dean was battering at the door.  "The fuck are you shouting about in there?"
"Andy, I would very much appreciate it if you wouldn't mention it to the others," he began desperately.
"Well we aren't leaving until you've opened your presents and the three of us have enjoyed a birthday breakfast, Dean." Sam declared, and slammed the bathroom door.
At that moment Castiel knew he had to say something, or else Dean would never let it go. "My father is religious, and rules our family with an iron fist," he started slowly. He'd need to choose his words carefully in order to tell Dean the bare minimum, and avoid raising any questions he didn't want to answer. "To him, the Bible is law. I wouldn't say I necessarily questioned him, but I was different from what he wanted me to be." Castiel took a deep breath. "To him that meant I was disobedient and ungrateful, and he beat me. As punishment, or as a way to reshape me into something better, I don't know. I didn't matter. I was his son, but I don't think he loved me the way he loved my brothers. I was a disappointment to him. He's probably happier without me around."
Dean went to hang his coat up as he got in, but it missed the hook and fell to the floor.  He either didn't notice or didn't care; trudging through to the kitchen to get a beer.  Cas picked his coat up and watched him carry the drink through to the living room.  As much as he himself was grieving, his heart was breaking for Dean's loss.
"You're right," Dean agreed, his whole body tingling at the weight of Castiel's words - the level of
They didn't have time to go home and eat, so stopped at a diner to have lunch before Dean had to go to work.  As much as Cas enjoyed having a morning with Dean during the week when he was rostered to work a Saturday, he much preferred it when Dean had his full weekend off as they didn't need to worry about being on time for work.  But, although they'd planned to eat quickly, the diner was busy.  As a result, they arrived at the garage at half past twelve.
"Don't look at me," Cas smiled, pointing Jo in the direction of the bedroom.  "I'm inclined to agree with her.  It would be nice to see you in something other than plaid."
Breathless, they parted.  Dean looked at Cas a little oddly, the ghost of a smirk on his lips, before heading to bed.
"No.  Drink some coffee," she said, starting to make a fresh pot.  "Sober up as best you can.  Give him a little time, then go home and fix it.  Trust me," she added softly.  "You don't want to waste a second with him."
Castiel's stomach twisted at her words and he stared down at his drink.  "Yes, I'm sure they would."
After a couple of months had passed, Dean approached his husband in the kitchen.  "Cas?  You got a minute?"
the accompanying pleasure.  Though if that was something you desired I would be more than willing to oblige, but I don't see that as being something you would have an interest in.  At least, not in this vessel.  Yet you are unwilling for me to change vessels."
Clearing his throat, he remembered the other half of his reason for picking Cas up from work.  "I, uh, thought I'd take you out tonight."
"Hmm?  Oh," Cas said when he realised he hadn't finished explaining.  "She apparently had six toes on one foot."
fault - at least, not the second time.  It was the dick who shoved his chair back from his table without looking first.
"I think we'll take a booth instead.  The last thing I need is another interrogation," Dean said, pushing himself off the bar as he got off his stool.  "You can bring our drinks over."
When he caught up with him Dean he grabbed his arm and squeezed it tight.  "Thank you," he said quietly.
Cas realised that he was crying or, at the very least, holding tears back.  He slid his arms around Dean's waist, stepping closer and nestling his head between his shoulder blades.  "For the record, I think you're
"I already have a sweater," Castiel said. He wouldn't have let Dean buy it for him anyway – it was far too expensive. Then he noticed that Dean was hiding something from him.
Dean, taking Castiel's extended silence to mean he still wasn't convinced, tried again.  "Cas, the way I see it, as long as you're not hurting anyone, God shouldn't have a problem with whatever – or
Castiel looped his tie around and around, looped it through and pulled it down, all the time muttering about foxes and rabbits.  When he'd finished, he turned around for Dean's approval.
"Excuse me?" an older gentleman interrupted the saleswoman.  "We were just wondering about the one in the window..."
Dean's eyes flicked briefly to her, before dropping back to his food.  He was grateful that she'd changed the subject, but wished she'd picked something a bit further away from the topic of their relationship.  He took a bite of his burger and chewed it slowly, while Cas gushed about the flowers he'd bought him.
Bobby humphed as Dean moved around the Impala and got to work on his tyres.  As he expected, they were well within the recommended range.  He waved in Bobby's direction when he left, double parking outside an off licence on the way home to buy himself a bottle of whiskey.
"You said I could talk to you, so if I wanted to talk I would have come to you," Castiel told him, fidgeting under Dean's piercing gaze. Lying was the least of his concerns when it came to sinning.
Dean screwed his face up as he tried not to blow it. Castiel was unfortunate enough to walk into the room at that moment. "Talk to my brother, Cas," he snapped angrily.
He listened closely to the sounds Cas was making as he neared the edge, then jumped as a shrill piercing ringing filled their apartment.
Dean didn't know what to say.  He'd thought they would have found Chuck by now.  He sneezed again, and moved towards the table for a tissue.
Dean hadn't had anything in mind - he just knew that he didn't want to get stuck in a rut, wheels spinning in his safe zone.  He wet his lips before he spoke.  "Why don't we do what we've been doing," he suggested, tucking his fingers back into Cas's boxers, "only without
"We can mail it out to you," Cas assured him, staying out of their way as they carried the bags out into the hallway.
Cas raised an eyebrow.  "Thinking I had been sexually assaulted attracted you to me?" he asked wryly.
It wasn't the first time he'd looked to see what other jobs were being advertised, though he hadn't looked for a few weeks.  As usual he was unqualified for most of them, but there was a part-time vacancy at the Gas-N-Sip.  He clicked on it and found it was three afternoons a week, but required the employee to be flexible.
Pamela smiled.  "Let me ask you something - it might be a two part question.  When was the last time you were in a long-term relationship, not including Lisa?"
shut your mouth and listen to me for once!  If you were anyone else I'd sack you for half the crap you pull!"
"Yeah, him.  The way the two of them basically gave that asshole the finger was great.  It's nice to know they'd have my back if someone tries to give me shit.  And, of course, that I'm not going to get fired."
"Good morning," Castiel said, looking over his shoulder from where he was washing his t-shirts in the sink.
Dean wiped away tears and nodded.  "You sound like my counsellor.  She's always coming out with stuff like that."
When Cas looked up, he met Dean's gaze - open and sincere.  He swallowed.  Dean found it so hard to be quite so open with him when sober, having guarded himself for so long.  Although he was getting better at communicating his feelings, it still stunned Cas to see how freely it was possible for Dean to show his affection for him.
to stop and—"  He stopped and took a breath, realising how terrible that sounded.  "Fuck, I don't mean...  It's not you," he promised Cas, leaning in for another kiss.
from his ankles refocused his attention on the ginger menace that was now rubbing against him.  He couldn't help but smile.  "Ahh, you're lucky you're cute," he told the kitten, bending down to scratch its ears affectionately.
"Oh," Balthazar said, sounding surprised.  Then he chuckled.  "I thought he was the strong, sullen type."
of it," Dean pointed out.  There were so many others who had helped shape Castiel into the hardy man he was now.
Castiel smiled tiredly as Dean made his way down the hall, collapsing onto the sofa without bothering to make up his bed.
Jo glanced over her shoulder at her mother.  "I don't think either of us want an animal that's going to bring us
of - Pamela's office, Balthazar's house, the church, the Roadhouse...  He was sure Cas had said he was going home, and the more he dwelled on why Cas wasn't picking up the more worried he became.
Cas stared at Dean with his head cocked to the side for a short moment.  "Nothing, I guess," he said, but a small smile crept onto his lips as he reached for his knife and fork.
"Hey," Dean nodded at him as he grabbed Castiel's arm and practically dragged him out of the elevator and down the hallway.
Dean opened the door a crack; just enough to speak through.  "You about done in there?  I brought lunch."
Dean kissed him again, but it was forced this time; Cas could feel it.  Though he kissed him back, it was with reluctance.  He pulled away.
Pamela sat down on the chair beside him and crossed her legs, adjusting her skirt slightly as she did so.  She had nice legs, he noticed.  He couldn't tell before because she usually wore trousers.
Then Castiel's mouth works in tandem with his hand, down and up, down and up, working Dean closer and closer to the edge.  And this is the only time that Cas will let him go; let him fall.  Sometimes Cas falls with him.  Dean pushes up his blindfold, knocking his headphones, to find Cas's hand buried in his pants, eyes closed as he strokes himself once, twice, three times.  Then his face goes slack and he collapses on top of him.
.  He didn't want to reopen old wounds and dredge up old feelings long buried.  Dean's thoughts turned to Cas.  Cas who, thanks to his many hours with Pamela, had made noticeable improvements to his life and mental health in the past months.  And who also had, for the most part, stood by Dean.  People changed and relationships adapted or started to crack, until suddenly you came home one morning to find your partner packing her bags and getting into a cab with
"Fair enough," Dean said, moving back to the table to rack the balls up again.  "Hey!" he snapped at the youths gathering around the table.  "Did I say I was finished?"
Lips brushed against his neck; a kiss feather-light, unsure of its welcomeness.  Sometimes the Dean in his dreams was confident and manhandled him with ease, but at others he was hesitant and equally as unsure as Cas was.  Before he was even aware that he was doing it, he imagined Dean in the boy's place; imagined the scratch of stubble that darkened Dean's jaw tickling his neck as another, more confident kiss met his skin.
"One whiskey, and one soda," Jo said, sliding beer mats in front of them and placing their glasses dead centre.
"There's nothing wrong with me.  There's nothing wrong with me.  There's nothing wrong with me," he muttered to himself like a mantra as he got out of bed.
had done that.  Dean had had faith that Castiel would return.  He looked at Dean, who raised his eyebrows questioningly.
Dean didn't know when the rain had started to fall, but when Castiel shivered he realised that the poor man's shirt must be soaked right through.
Closing his eyes, he imagined what it would feel like for Dean to touch him like this; to stroke him firmly, circling the sensitive head with a thumb before stroking once again.  Cas chewed on his bottom lip as he jerked himself off, picturing the way Dean would look at him as he coaxed him to completion.
Chuck Norris was staring at him from across the room with narrowed eyes, his ginger tail twitching as if in irritation.  He might only be a cat, but sometimes it was scary how very
inquisitive.  Had he picked up on his feelings towards Dean?  Or was he truly just 'making conversation'?
of me," Castiel pointed out.  He'd finally started allowing himself to think of what it might be like - to be
Her jaw clenched visibly, then she made a sudden grab for the bottle and retreated to the back room.
was worth all the hard work put into today.  He watched as she skipped over to her parents, her short curls dancing around her ears, and tore into the wrapping paper, excitedly waving her new Barbie doll at them.
It seemed like Cas and Balthazar had a lot in common.  From what he saw, anyway.  Sure, Balthazar was bolder and more outgoing, but Cas had become more so over the past months.  His dislike of Balthazar made his stomach churn strangely, and for the first time he wondered if there was more to his feelings than simply not liking the guy.
it made him, but he still liked women.  Still thought about their soft curves when he took his hand to himself at night.
Dean stared at the beer mat he was turning over on the table.  "You can't," he said quietly.  "Your video player broke."
"Hey," he said softly, and Castiel moved to allow Dean to sit next to him. But Dean placed a hand on his shoulder. "Come here."
, he wrote under the 'pros' column.  There.  That was easy.  Except he'd already thought up that one earlier.  Shrugging to himself, he wrote
Castiel didn't really understand the TV cable stuff the same way Dean did, so he mostly let him deal with it.  He could surf through the channels and that was about it.  He carried their bowls through to the kitchen so he could start washing up, and when Dean said, "Wait a sec...  I think I bought this a few months ago," Castiel knew he wasn't being addressed.
Charlie flashed her daily ticket at the driver and headed for a pair of vacant seats while Cas paid for his own, ignoring the disapproving look the driver flashed at his dripping pants.  The bus drove off before he was seated, and he stumbled before collapsing next to Charlie.
Castiel's eyes instantly widened and he scrambled out of the shower, internally cursing Dean for the lack of a shower curtain.  "No, don't!  Dean, don't.  Dean!"  He reached for the towel but it slipped out of his hands just as the door swung open.
Cas opened his mouth but then closed it again, for he doubted that Dean would be happy if he'd reminded him that he had Balthazar's key.  The last time Cas had walked out, that's where he'd gone, and Dean had taken that pretty badly.  "I hope that they'd stay my friends if we broke up.  I'd miss them."
"I know," Dean said, staring into Cas's eyes firmly to get his point across.  "Now, if I put the coffee pot on do you want some?"
your daddy, I'd teach you to show Ellen a bit of respect," he replied gruffly.  "You take all your crap out on the people that care about your sorry ass, then wonder why you haven't got anybody!  Get yourself together, boy!"
"I've been thinking about you, lately," she admitted.  "My father passed away, and it got me thinking about the things I regret."  She waited until he looked at her before continuing.  "I regret the way we ended," she revealed.  "I wish I hadn't walked out the way I did.  I came back the next day, but you'd gone."
"People have done a lot more over something we might see as less of an issue," Jody cut in.  "But I'm sure he's right, Cas.  You're not to blame."
Dean's chair scraped across the floor as he stood and leaned over the table.  "Hey, look at me.  It's cool, okay?"
But the idea of taking their relationship out of that comfortable zone had Dean's heart rate quickening, and not in a good way.  He felt anxious; not
"Store fronts," Cas replied immediately.  "The doorways could offer a little shelter from from the wind or rain, but shop owners preferred us to sleep out of sight so the cops were always quick to move us along.  We made the street look 'untidy'," he added bitterly.
Dean followed him out into the hallway.  "Cas.  Hey, Cas.  Cas!"  Dean leaned over the railing to watch Castiel's descent to the ground floor.  "I'm sorry!" he shouted after him, not really sure what he was apologising for but knowing that whatever it was he'd said he wished that he could take it back.
Shit.  How could he fuck up Valentine's Day?  He was the type of person who'd take a date with a peanut allergy to a baseball game!  "Do I look like the type of guy who owns a vase?" he grumbled.
"I know," Dean told her.  He'd known so many strong women in his life; Lisa, Ellen, Jo, Cassie...  Hell, even the damaged Bela Talbot who'd been one of his biggest mistakes.  "Why are you telling me this?"
Dean clenched his jaw, unwilling to answer the question, and ignored the waitress as she placed a drink in front of him.
Hearing his own words used against him, Dean dropped his eyes and numbly resumed picking up seeds.  The two of them got it done quickly, and when they got to their feet he quietly asked, "So what do you want me to do with these?"
"He lives with me," Dean told her sharply, "so yeah, he'll see him."  Movement caught his attention, and he glanced up to see Cas beckoning for the phone.  "In fact he's here now, and he wants to speak to you.  Interrogate away."
"I don't want to sound like a chick, but I don't even want to think about us breaking up.  I want to keep you all to myself, because I'm selfish and greedy like that."
"And Dean is repaying Sam for a loan to fix up his car, so money's going to be tight as it is for a while."  His student loan would also come in helpful with household expenses.
," Dean murmured against his lips before kissing him again.  "I think we've established I'm pretty screwed up."
could read minds – or at least one mind.  Everything was hanging by a thread just as he felt like he was finally settling in.  It didn't help either that Bobby, despite his insistence that he didn't meddle in his employees' personal lives, kept asking if he and Dean were having "difficulties".
"Yeah."  Dean licked his lips.  "I want Ben to grow up to be more secure with himself, whoever he turns out to be.  I want him not just to
The next morning Castiel went to the library, hoping to use one of their computers to look into reapplying for university.  As he browsed through the website he kept seeing social events advertised, and he felt a bitterness brewing within him.  He'd missed out on so much when he was enrolled; spending his time in class, in the library, at work, or at home.  Raised to work hard, he understood now that it had been at the expense of his own happiness.  Briefly, he wondered if his life might have turned out differently if he'd joined the LGBT and Friends Society.  Maybe he'd have pulled away from his father's controlling influence.  Perhaps he'd have had somewhere to go when his father had kicked him out.  In all likeliness, he'd have never met Dean.
When Castiel glanced around, gesturing helplessly to the many piles, Bobby cast Dean a surreptitious wink.
Showering together was better in theory than in practice - there wasn't enough room for both of them under the spray, and there were a couple of moments when they nearly slipped trading places to rinse off.  But it added another layer of intimacy to their relationship, Cas felt, as they washed each others' backs and their nudity became comfortable and less sexual.  They both checked the other out as they soaped up their bodies, and their eyes occasionally met but there was no embarrassment there.  Cas was confident in his skin, and Dean was growing to be more secure with the fact that he wasn't as good shape as he thought he should be.
to look at women that way I couldn't understand what they were preaching.  And then Jack came to our church—"
"Sometimes we need other people to help us see the decisions we need to make, but ultimately we make those decisions ourselves."
Dean's heart broke as he realised Ben had thought he wasn't wanted.  At the same time, relief flooded his system because he could
"Either I am a guest here, or I am to treat this as my home – which is it? Because I cannot be a guest in my own home."
As the song came into the chorus, he sang along in the hopes of shaking off the thoughts spinning around in his head.
"I don't know," Sam told him.  "Dean was supposed to send me some money, but he hasn't.  There's no rush, and if he needs more time that's fine, but I've sent him a few messages and he hasn't answered.  I tried calling his cell but it went to voicemail.  Is everything okay?"
Dean thought about her question for several minutes, until he eventually shrugged helplessly.  "I don't know," he admitted.
Cas let Dean manoeuvre him into his arms, too shocked at how far he'd fallen to protest, even if he'd wanted to.
"Castiel," Pamela began slowly, "have you ever heard the expression, 'to err is human; to forgive, divine'?"
He'd made too much, he realised, as he spooned the mixture onto toasted bread and found he needed to cut more.
is supposed to be a classic story of good versus evil and, from what I understand, the franchise teaches us the strength of love, the importance of friendship, and that family isn't just your blood."  All themes that carried a great deal of importance for Cas.  "The Weasleys are Harry's family."
who'd made the call to move beyond friendship, so why should he hold himself back?  Especially when there was no-one around to see.  He kissed Dean's neck, stubble scratched his lips, and he hummed contentedly.
"Feminism isn't all about 'girl power'," she began.  "It's about recognising that forcing strict gender roles onto one another only hurts us.  Expecting women to stay at home to cook and clean and look after the kids, when women at work have given us many great achievements - such as the first drug to treat AIDS, and developing the technique to bring us IVF.  Women aren't small and weak, and don't need a man to look after them."
.  I just think that there's a time and a place to discuss... sexual relations... and a public restaurant isn't it."
"Oh, don't look at me like that!" Dean told the kitten.  "You're the one who decided to play hide-and-seek for an hour."
"I'll warm the tortillas," Dean said, already grabbing the scissors to cut the packet open.  "Ben, do you want to grab some sodas out of the fridge?"
He got no pleasure in clearing the table, for it was no challenge messing about by himself.  As he bent over to take an easy shot at the black, he glanced up at a couple sitting in his line of vision.  A bald guy and his Latino friend were sitting at a table, drinking and chatting quietly between themselves.  They might be decent opponents, he decided, tossing his cue down on the table and making his way over to them.
," he added thickly.  He hated to use his parents as an excuse, but he had no doubt they would come up at some point - he knew he had a lot of unresolved issues with their deaths.
this; just go out, meet someone, and forget all about his feelings for Dean.  Last night it had seemed like such a simple idea.  Now all it felt like was a mistake.
Dean's hands came to a stop as his brain worked overtime.  "Cas gave me the push I needed," he said finally.  "Wait, maybe that came out wrong," he said, turning around to look at Ben, wanting to make sure the boy understood him.  "I
It was a good forty minute walk from the Roadhouse to his apartment (when he was drunk) so Dean was surprised to find that it was a good ten, maybe fifteen minutes shorter when he was sober and actually able to put one foot in front of the other without tripping himself up. They didn't talk much on the way, though Castiel made a comment about how nice the weather had been the past couple of weeks - something which he'd been grateful for when he found himself sleeping rough. The first time he'd slept in a shop doorway it had rained all night and another person looking for a place to sleep had beaten him until he'd vacated the step, and for the rest of the night he'd missed what little shelter it had offered (though he didn't tell Dean that part, of course).
It was a lie - what he was doing was simple and didn't require a lot of concentration - but Cas couldn't pretend like everything was normal.  Not after...  Another wave of shame washed over him as he wondered what he'd been thinking.  Except, he
son, and you're hit with the cold realisation that the relationship broke down while you were out getting drunk.
"Yes," Cas breathed.  "But please don't.  If he thinks I've talked to you, he'll probably get annoyed."
Dean tossed the phone into the passenger seat and let his head fall against the wheel. Somewhere along the line he'd fucked up, and he'd lost his little brother. He turned the key in the ignition and the engine roared to life. He fucked everything up, and lost everyone. But he was the only person Cas had, so surely even he couldn't fuck it up bad enough to lose him?
She made her way round the bar, collecting empty glasses and taking orders.  And that was how the night passed – in a blur of empty flirting and drink refilling.  As she leant over one table to gather up their empties, a large hand squeezed her ass.  The glasses clattered to the table as she bolted upright, grabbing his hand and twisting it behind the guy's back as she bent him over the table.
"Just with chicken instead of minced beef, more vegetables, and no cheese," Cas smirked, comparing the boxes.
"You seem to have realised what you were doing," she smiled.  "Balancing your time between your relationship and Castiel's birthday present is exactly what I would have suggested.  Sam gave you some very good advice.  Though I wouldn't have called you an idiot."
place because it's easier to leave in the morning than ask someone else to.  How many of them does he talk to about himself that isn't just 'yeah I work out'," she asked, flexing her imaginary muscles.
Castiel shrugged. He hadn't wanted to seem greedy by writing out a full shopping list, especially when he wouldn't be the one paying for any of it, and he didn't know how long he'd be welcome to stay – especially once Dean found out the truth about him – but now he realised that perhaps he'd gone too far in the other direction by only writing down the bare essentials. "I didn't know what you liked," he said quietly. That was true enough.
Allowing himself to be led round the corner to Starbucks, Castiel wondered if loving Dean would ever get any easier.
Pamela nodded.  "Until the next session, I want you to hold people accountable for whatever way they make you feel.  This is the first step in getting rid of your misplaced guilt, and the first step in moving on."
A blonde hurricane nearly knocked Cas off his feet as soon as he set foot in the Roadhouse later that night.
Cas looked up at him, suddenly very defensive.  "You... you lash out when you get mad, Dean.  And when I've done something to upset you you'll punch the walls, or hit the worktop, and sometimes I find myself wondering '
"You seem to be forgetting to take my low feelings of self-worth into account," Dean attempted to joke self-deprecatingly.  He sipped his coffee.
Without hesitation, Castiel dropped the pieces of the coffee mug he was holding onto the phone table and put his shoes on.
How was he supposed to answer that?  He had nowhere else to go, but that wasn't the right answer to give.  "Why shouldn't I be here, Dean?" he asked, turning the question around.
"Yeah.  Cas won money on a scratch card so we bought it.  He said you couldn't afford to.  It's not like he was trying to push us to buy it, or anything," he added hastily when Lisa frowned. "It was Cas's idea - he wanted to treat him.  I thought it was a nice thought."
There had been a noticeable difference in Dean's attitude and behaviour in the run up to Thanksgiving, though whether that was because the anniversary of his mother's death had passed, he'd opened up to Cas, or simply because he liked Thanksgiving Cas didn't know, but Dean's good mood was contagious.
Castiel moved an empty chair over from a nearby table, causing Andy and Benny to part and make room for him.  "Hi," he greeted them.
.  My mom was still alive, and she was saying my name, and I just went back to bed."  He turned his back on Cas and looked out over the town.  "Dad was downstairs, asleep in front of the TV.  By the time he woke up and realised the house was on fire, it was too late.  We barely got out of there, but mom, she..."
"When does that boy ever set foot in the garage?" Bobby chuckled.  "It'll be fine."  He looked at his watch.  "But shouldn't you leaving?"
Confused, Castiel allowed Dean to manoeuvre him so he was lying down with his head on Dean's thigh – which wasn't as uncomfortable as he'd have thought it would be. Once he was settled, Dean still didn't take his hand from his shoulder; instead rubbing soothing circles through the thin fabric of his t-shirt with his thumb.
Castiel squeezed his hand, cupping it between both of his.  It was warm, and Dean could feel his hand starting to sweat, but he didn't move it.  Physically feeling Cas there helped ease some of the tension Dean felt, and the thought of losing him faded away for the moment.
"Remember if you don't like this it's okay," Dean said, thinking that he wasn't going to be able to look Cas in the eyes again if he didn't like it.
Dean paused, realising his most recent bank statement would show the loan Sam had given him.  "Uh..."  He said, wondering how best to avoid the truth.  "Sam gave me a loan to fix up Baby," he started.
Beside him, Dean choked on his drink.  A glance to his left told him that Cas was as shocked as he was.  If he wasn't so irritated that Ellen would try to set Cas up with someone when
Dean stood there, not registering the soft fall of rain as it landed on his skin.  He did, however, feel the arm wrapping around him a little while later.
Cas swallowed.  "It's not my vessel," he realised sadly.  "It's that my feelings for you are not returned."
Cas was still frowning, but a second later his eyes widened as he realised the implication of Dean's gesture - the
He glanced at his watch, realising that he wouldn't have time to do any of that today, so began tidying away his tools.  Even if he couldn't drive it for some time, Cas would be delighted with it.  He pulled the sheet over the car, and headed for the sink to wash his hands.  Benny might be happy to drive home covered in oil, but Dean wasn't doing that to his baby.  She deserved better, and he'd treat her with respect.  Only clean hands drove him home.
Castiel stared at him for a long moment, reading the emotion in his eyes.  "Let's go home," he said, sliding off the stool.
know that if you had been the one driving that night, there's no guarantee it would have turned out any differently – don't you?"
Dean and Sam shot each other knowing glances. It wasn't Castiel's fault that he didn't know Sam gave him some gas every Christmas and birthday, along with something else. He now turned to that something else, which turned out to be a new AC/DC t-shirt.
we were dating, while we were trying to hide it until you got to know me," Cas said to Ben, unwilling to dwell on Dean's relationship with the boy's mother.
He heard Dean stagger in at some ungodly hour, colliding loudly with something – possibly the telephone table in the hallway – as he made his way to his room.
The apartment was in darkness but, as he glanced in the living room anyway, he found the glow from the TV illuminating his boyfriend.
that lay behind them.  He lay there silently for a long moment, taking comfort at the feeling of Castiel's hand moving through his hair as he pondered his feelings.  "I guess," he started, rubbing a hand across his stomach, not knowing if it was easier or harder talking to Cas instead of Pamela.  "I guess I'm just more aware of it now, being with you."
"Hell no!  Gandalf kicks some serious ass!   Now come on," Dean commanded, as if Cas was the one who'd been delaying them.  "We can't have you 'not understanding references' forever."
The water was warm when Castiel stepped under it, and it made a pleasant change from trying to wash up in a café restroom (or not at all). When the tears ran down his cheeks – tears of shame, of relief, and of fear – he stuck his face under the spray, letting them mix with the water until he could almost convince himself that he wasn't crying. He ran the bar of soap over his skin, hating himself for the bruises he wore.
"Thanks," Dean said, clenching and relaxing his fist several times.  He looked at Castiel, who suddenly looked very small and afraid.  "You know I'd never..."  How did he say it?  "No matter what, Cas, I'd never..."
.  He has a therapist, a gold chip in his wallet representing ten months of sobriety, and a fiancé whom he loves and loves him in return.
Once the initial surge of panic ebbed as Castiel realised he wasn't going to drown, he willed his body relax.
."  Cas almost growled the man's name in his frustration. It was upsetting to him when people couldn’t see their self-worth.  "Tracey is a lucky woman."
, but the doctor's had told him his dad would be fine.  His dad was supposed to be fine, supposed to get
"What am I doing here?" he quipped.  The words were starting to hit too close to home, now - he needed a moment of levity to
Dean rolled his eyes, throwing the tea towel in Cas's direction playfully.  "The Roadhouse it is, then."
Dean leaned against the edge of her desk and crossed his ankles.  He said nothing for a long moment, either considering her proposal quietly or wondering how best to answer.  It was hard to tell when he tried so hard to internalise what he was feeling.
anyway.  Dean thought he was okay with his sexuality now, so why was he still going?  Maybe he should ask.  Or maybe it wasn't any of his business.  He grabbed the stack of newspapers and puzzle books that had accumulated beside Castiel's side of the sofa.  Jeez, they had
"I know I am," she smiled, and he let out a choked laugh.  "That's why you're paying me.  And if you hadn't been avoiding me, I could have told you this sooner."
thing, either.  Opting to let her comment slide, he instead asked her, "So, how was your first day?"
experience, and it seemed like they reached the checkout in no time at all - despite the very full trolley in front of them that suggested otherwise.
Dean groaned.  Then his expression turned hopeful.  "So if I say I want to stop, does that mean I can leave?" he smirked, sounding like a teenager hoping to finish class early.
"What – so you can put in for the extra time?  I don't think so," he said gruffly.  "Unless you've got a  better brain for numbers.  I'd take that."
As he slid a menu in front of each of them, Castiel shot a disapproving look at Dean. "Do you think that's a good idea?"
Castiel smiled.  "Thank you.  And maybe I will.  But I'm still going to see how it goes with this," Castiel dug a business card out of his pocket and looked at it, "Ms Barnes."
"That..." Castiel coughed as he spat out a mouthful of blood, "is a really stupid question," he said, before passing out.
, though, Dean.  Taking baby steps at the start is important so we don't cause more damage than good."
"I know what you're saying, Cas.  And you're probably right.  But if I stay home, I'll go crazy.  Or drink.  And neither of us want that."
But Dean smiled softly. "Yeah. Yeah, I do." He hesitantly put a hand on Castiel's knee again, ready to take it away if he tensed up. He'd always been one to communicate better with actions rather than words. "I didn't realise how alone I was until I found you." Shit – that had come out wrong. It made him sound selfish. "You're a good guy, Cas, and I like having you around. Talk to me.
"You know..." Dean gestured vaguely with his free hand.  "Nice guy image with pretty eyes.  You're too good for her, dude."
Though his emotions felt bittersweet as he wished that Dean could be here to share this with him.  Dean had helped him so much, that it almost felt wrong for him not to be here now.
"I get that I've got shit to deal with about my dad - we've talked about that.  But, what?  I disappoint him one too many times and instead of feeling like crap for it, I make up a sexual assault?  Over some
in the evening.  Whatever you want.  Movie, documentary, anything."  He brought Castiel's hand to his mouth, placing several kisses across his knuckles until Cas gave his hand a small squeeze.
Balthazar chuckled.  "No, not that often.  I sometimes bring clients here for business lunches - of course we only have five courses, then."
Jo paused, a fond smile softening her features.  "I'm fine," she told him.  She nodded at his empty glass, having lost track of how many he'd had.  "You want another?"
Castiel's first instinct was to say drunk, but when he actually thought about it Dean didn't come home as drunk as he used to.  "A little wobbly on his feet," he said.
"It doesn't matter that it's late," Sam assured him.  "But we sent a little something for Cas - did you get it?"
"Yeah, I do.  And that should make me feel better, because there's no expectations to live up to, but it just makes me feel under
thing Ben needed was a borderline drinking problem and commitment issues, but he didn't dare say that in front of Ben.  Instead he turned back to the boy and said, "But it is
they'd have graduated by now.  If the courses were similar and my course credits could be transferred, there's nothing tying me to the same university."
Clenching his jaw to disguise the slight quiver in his bottom lip, Dean enveloped Cas in a hug.  "Okay," he relented.  "I'll call her tomorrow."
"I'm sorry, okay?" Dean exclaimed defensively.  If Cas had something to say, why couldn't he just say it?  "I don't know what else you want me to say!  You're crazy if you thought everything would suddenly be perfect!"
Deans face darkened.  "Don't compare me to your dad, Cas," he growled, slamming his fist off the worktop.  "I am
Dean chuckled to himself, and focused his eyes ahead of him. He saved the guy's life from the river; the last thing he needed was to kill him on the road.
He still wasn't hungry, however, but he got up and tidied the sofa bed away – because he wasn't going to lie around all day like a slob no matter how ill he felt – and jumped in the shower. He shivered even under the hot spray, and hoped he wasn't coming down with a cold. It had been awful the last time he'd caught one.
Dean clenched his jaw at the revelation that Cas could more easily open up about his love to Balthazar rather than Dean, before realising that it wasn't like Cas could have approached
But Dean's attention was solely on Jo as he shifted from foot to foot and struggled to look her in the eye.  Eventually, he folded his arms and told her, "Don't objectify me."
melted a spatula the other day!" Cas laughed.  "But how about you make us pancakes for lunch?  That way it gives the batter a chance to rest."
Dean looked back down at the dirty, unkempt men and women beneath them and draped an arm over Castiel's shoulders.  "I promise I won't kill you for your clothes," he murmured into his ear.
"Would kindly to not use the Lord's name in such a way?" Castiel asked. "At least not in my presence."
Dean sighed.  "Fine," he grumbled.  "But what about this one?"  He motioned to the one he'd been talking to Cas about.
Dean exhaled audibly.  "I want you to do that thing where you run your fingers through my hair," he admitted quickly, as if he thought that speaking fast made him sound less vulnerable.
was and gave no indication that Cas lived there, too.  Movies and music were his thing, not Castiel's.
Footsteps around the side of the building reminded Dean where they were and he instinctively stepped backwards, visibly putting space between himself and Castiel.
"Wait, wait, wait," Dean insisted, lining up to take his shot again.  There were two white balls in front of him.  Which one did he aim for?  He blinked, and there was only one again.  "I got this!"  This time he hit the ball, which sent his yellow ball rolling away from the pocket he was aiming for.  "Damn!"
Castiel had suspected this conversation would come sooner or later, but it was not one he wanted to have so he shook his head vehemently. "No."
A single tear slipped down Castiel's cheek as he clutched the phone harder to his ear.  "I know," he whispered.
"You don't have to thank me for doing the right thing," she told him.  "But might I suggest - and I know it's Dean's party and all - but why don't the two of you head home?"
The two of them sat and watched as Claire tore into her presents from Santa - a car and garage set to expand her dollhouse; a box of LEGO; a book - and a couple from Cas - some new crayons; a colouring book; Barbie as a dentist - but she ignored anything from Dean, despite Cas nudging them in her direction.
Castiel's eyes were drawn to where the denim was stretched tight across Dean's crotch and he swallowed thickly, knowing that was where the saleswoman would be looking, too.  His arms were already crossed against his chest, and he fisted his hands in his elbows as he watched the careless way in which Dean interacted with the woman.
There were so many things Castiel wanted to say to Dean:  "We're early," because there was no-one else here yet; "I thought you weren't religious?" for he didn't understand why Dean was coming in with him; "I hate you for this."  But he said nothing.
"But these bouquets aren't very big - how about I ring this through twice and you pick up another on the way out?"
is okay," Cas asked, squeezing Dean's waist where his hands rested, "but this..."  He briefly ghosted his hands down before returning them to Dean's waist.  "...isn't?"
When Ellen went to help Jo wipe down the empty tables, Dean turned to Cas. "Ellen and Jo are great, and now they know you're a friend of mine they'll always have your back."
Dean chewed his lip.  He'd spent more than he'd meant to on the tree - he hadn't realised just how much prices had gone up the past few years - and if they weren't careful they could easily run out of money by the end of the month.  Except, despite Castiel's words, Dean could see just how much whatever he'd seen meant to him.  "Whatever it is, let's go buy it.  Unless it lights up and flashes.  Or sings," he added as an afterthought.
"I don't want to scare you with labels, or force an identity on you that you don't feel comfortable with, but there
"Oh yeah, I drafted out a version at home.  Your boss will need to tell me if he wants any changes or a different layout or something."
"No.  No boyfriend," Cas cut him off, hope blossoming in his chest.  "Just a friend who tells me I need to get laid more."
"Shut up, bitch," Dean said, thankful that he was having this conversation in private because he could feel his cheeks warming slightly.
"Ain't got a clue," Bobby told her.  "But he'd sure as hell better snap out of it before he comes back to work."
Cas jumped, tearing his gaze away from the confirmation of his student loan as he looked up at Dean.  "What?"
"Uh, yeah.  Anyway."  He cupped a hand around Castiel's neck and leaned closer but, to his surprise, Cas recoiled.
intimate.  Just that you have to be ready to take the first step.  It's taken us so long to get here, I'm happy just to be doing
So, while Dean scraped and peeled and sliced and diced, Castiel began preparing the filling.  He'd found a recipe in one of Dean's mother's old books, with neatly written annotations in the margins, amending quantities and cooking times.  The page had stains from where it had been splashed in the past.  He consulted every printed and handwritten instruction carefully, thankful that Mrs Winchester had had such legible handwriting.
For a long moment they just stood there, Dean's breath warm on Cas's mouth, before he spoke.  "You've got to understand that this is going to be weird for me, Cas.  I've never been into a dude before."
"I'm sorry," Cas apologised.  It had been his decision to take Dean out to celebrate his new job, and his choice of restaurant.
Dean turned his head to meet Castiel's eyes in the dark.  He slid his arm behind Cas's head and tried to pull him into his arms.  But Castiel rolled away from him.
Once they'd exchanged numbers and the brothers were sitting in the car, Sam turned to Dean and said, "See how easy that was?  You can thank me later."
The next day Dean left the garage during his lunch hour to check his bank balance at the ATM round the corner.  He looked at the number on the screen, telling him that his brother had indeed transferred the grand sum of $200 into his account.  He took his card out of the machine and walked away, trying not to think about how
Castiel was caught off guard by Dean's comment but, as he tried to dissect any possible meaning behind his words, his thoughts were interrupted by a loud belch in his ear, closely followed by the overpoweringly sweet stench of alcohol that made his stomach turn.
"My father knows me, and his only concern is whether or not I repent my sins before I die, not whether or not I actually die," Castiel said quietly.
When was the last time anyone had asked him if he was okay?  Sure, Jo and Ellen were nice to him, but at the end of the day he was just another regular.  Cas would care, except he was gone now.  A choked sob pushed past his lips and he looked away, clearing his throat forcefully because he
"You might like this one over here," she announced, her high heels clicking on the floor as she led them across to another mattress.  "It's the one I have on my bed."
"Dean," Benny called out, interrupting Jody as he strode over and looked him up and down.  "The sheriff told us what happened - how're you doing, brother?"
"Dean, we are fully grown men, not children!" he protested, but nonetheless allowed Dean to lead him onto the sand and to the shoreline.
Dean finally looked over at him, guilt filling his stomach as he took in the sight of his disheveled friend; hair sticking out in all directions, eyes bloodshot, bottom lip caught between his teeth, a look of pure shame on his face.  He couldn't let Cas feel bad about this.
"You and Chuck Norris have a lot in common," Cas chuckled softly.  "You like food, you enjoy being stroked—"
, leaving a streak of red sauce on the wall.  An empty bottle of beer, a newspaper, and some tacky glass ornament of a bee that Cas had picked up at some charity shop followed suit.  The bottle broke, the newspaper pages fluttered to the floor before they'd even gotten two feet away from him, and the damn ornament shattered into so many pieces that he'd still be picking them out of the carpet come his next birthday.  He kept throwing things, not caring when they broke.  He took solace in the sound of things shattering, drowning out the silence, until he picked up Castiel's Bible - the one Dean had bought for him at the beach.  It felt heavy in his hand.  Staring at its worn brown cover, gold debossed lettering faded and scuffed, he wondered why Cas had left it behind.  Maybe Cas hadn't wanted the reminder of Dean.  Maybe he'd simply forgotten it.  Or maybe he'd wanted Dean to have something of his.
it, though.  "Don't be," he told him, keeping his tone carefully controlled.  "I'm glad you can be honest with me, even if I don't like everything you say."
Quickening his pace, Benny hastened over to the sheriff's side until they all ended up in a rough circle.
Castiel's weight was comfortable pressed up against his side, and Dean felt kind of bad that he'd sat down with so much space between them when they'd put the film on.  He just wanted to make sure that they had boundaries, and that he wouldn't give Cas the wrong idea.  If Cas was a girl, he was sure they'd have spent most of the time making out instead of watching the screen. He knew it wasn't fair on Cas to pull away from him like this, but he just couldn't make himself forget that Cas was a
They all laughed and, once Alastair had retrieved his jacket from the back of one of the chairs surrounding the table that nobody used, left Castiel alone.
Dean took the pen and hovered over the signature line.  "Shit, I'm sorry.  I don't think I even have any money in that account," he said, scrawling his name on the line anyway.  He
"You're not going to sing, are you?" he asked, thinking that one tuneless rendition of the birthday song was enough for the day.  His colleagues would never make it as singers...
at him, so he turned the oven off and retrieved the dish of vegetables - peppers, onions, aubergines, and courgettes - only just starting to blacken around the edges.  Perfect.
When he got home that night he went straight into the living room, and when Castiel wasn't there tried the kitchen. Aiming for third time lucky, he wrapped his knuckles on the bathroom door.
Castiel turned to go, but then Dean whispered, "Stay with me?" so quietly that if he'd wanted, he could pretend he hadn't heard him.  And maybe that was the point.  But he turned back, and Dean shuffled over to make room for him.  He hesitated for a heartbeat, unsure whether to sit on top of or
But Cas ignored his attempts at deflecting his praise and continued to enthuse about Dean's progress.  "You have come
Dean stared at his back.  "You're always the one telling me that it helps to open up about things," he coaxed, his tone gentle and mildly teasing.
Christmas movie now?"  He fumbled with the video tape, at first pushing too hard and not giving the VCR time to take it, before it eventually slid in smoothly.  After fast-forwarding the trailers and copyright warnings at the start of the tape, he sat back and declared, "Now this is a
"Fresh air.  What fresh air?" Castiel grumbled to himself as he got out of the car.  He'd be surprised if they didn't get high on gas fumes.  But, as they crossed the street, he had to admit that the walk felt good.  When they walked back less than fifteen minutes later with coffee and poorly wrapped bacon rolls oozing warm grease onto their fingers, Castiel didn't want to get back in.  "I hate long car journeys," he decided.
Dean gripped Castiel's arm tightly and held him close as they continued up the shop and turned into the next aisle. Once they were out of sight of Castiel's cousin the other man visibly relaxed.
When Dean pulled the curtains open so vigorously that the hooks rattled, Castiel groaned and covered his head with his pillow.  Dean was rarely awake before him but, when he was, he was never this energetic.
Castiel looked at Dean, the way his jaw clenched as he sat deep in thought drawing his attention to the strong line of his jaw.
She glanced between them, obviously aware that they needed a moment to themselves.  "Why don't you grab a table while I see if we can't get a pitcher of ice water."
"You're not the only one who runs away from their problems," Cas told him, brushing a hand through Dean's hair again.  "Pamela always nags me for avoiding confrontation."
Before Castiel could put up any kind of defensive wall and shut down he changed the subject. "So what smells so good, anyway?"
"That beard itches," he muttered, reaching into the bottom of the sack and pulling out a small, crudely wrapped present to him.  "You must have been a very good boy, this year," Dean told him, winking.
Without realising what he was doing, he raised his arm and threw the remote across the room.  It hit the wall and the back flew off, letting the batteries fall to the floor.
Dean was intrigued but Ben was disinterested, so Castiel took him to the next enclosure – after promising Dean that he wouldn't let him out of his sight.
"Dean?" he asked, an edge of panic in his tone.  Although Castiel had only been behind the wheel once, he didn't trust that Dean was allowing himself enough time to stop.  As the car coming towards them honked, he said his boyfriend's name again.  "Dean!"
Dean stopped talking after that; just let himself be held and lost himself in the sensation of Castiel's fingers in his hair.
Rough hands slip up and under his shirt, pushing it up to his armpits and exposing his chest.  The room is cold and a shivery breath brushes over his lips, becoming a gasp when Castiel's warm, wet tongue licks over one hardened nipple.
"What things?" Dean asked, half to himself.  He didn't wait for an answer as he walked past the kitchen door to the bathroom.  As he washed his hands, a dark shape in the bathtub caught his eye.  A spider, about the size of the space between his thumb and forefinger if he touched them together, was stuck there.
As he turned to the living room Dean wrapped his arms around his shoulders, his weight almost pulling him down as Dean hugged him.
Castiel tried not to focus on the fact that if he leaned right back, his head would be resting against Dean's arm.
"You called me."  Cas knelt in front of him, hands on Dean's knees.  "Don't you remember?  You weren't very clear, but when you said 'hospital'..."  Cas swallowed.  "Are you alright?  What happened?"
just been passing through when we'd hooked up - but I always had this feeling, because he was so much like me."
Dean paced up and down the too-small waiting area, aware that he felt more worried than he should.  He'd only known Castiel a few months, but if it was Sam in there...  He turned Cas's phone over and over in his pocket as he paced.  Pam Barnes would probably try to tell him that he was using Cas as a second chance at helping someone sort their life out without screwing it all up like he had with Sam, but then being told shit like that was why he'd stopped seeing her as soon as his three months were up.  He didn't want to see it; didn't want to admit that he couldn't save everyone, no matter how hard he tried, and now here he was, screwing up again.
He turned, and came face to face with a girl in a Star Trek t-shirt - or maybe it was Star Wars; he never could tell the difference - and short red hair.
"It was... enlightening," Cas settled for.  "I've never heard the word of God interpreted that way before."
Cas.  Cas had dark hair that stuck up at odd angles and blue eyes that felt like they were staring right into his soul.  His brain seemed to stall as he realised Cas was his
Dean's own arms came up, gripping Cas tightly as if he might disappear.  "I hate feeling like this," he admitted quietly.
Dean shook his head.  "No."  His hand found Cas's hair as he felt the wet warmth of his mouth envelop his cock again.  Moments later, his fingers curled in the unruly dark mess as Cas brought him to the edge.  "Cas, I'm going to...  You don't have to..."
"I came home because I was tired," Castiel lied, before an unexpected yawn burst past his lips.  He supposed it wasn't a
I was able to attend another university, it would be local.  Somewhere I could travel to every day.  The only reason I can even contemplate finishing my education is because I have a stable life here."
"Look me in the eye, and tell me that this isn't because of Bobby," Cas said, turning over to face Dean.  "That it's because you're
He stopped a couple of feet from the edge and leaned forward to look down.  There was a sharp drop for a few hundred feet or so before the hillside sloped out again.  "I don't like the height," he said, moving back again.  "I don't like it."
He arrived at Pamela's early and sat down to wait, taking the time to try to order his thoughts before he went in.  There were several things he wanted to discuss, but he knew they couldn't tackle them all in-depth today.
Eventually their guest left, and Dean set about washing up their coffee mugs.  There had been a time he'd have just left them sitting, but that was before he'd had someone to make an effort for.  It hadn't bothered him if he'd let the dishes pile up in the sink, or put off dusting for a week or two, or didn't wash his bedsheets for a month.
.  But Cas didn't understand what was going through Dean's mind, and settling for what he was given would send him the wrong message.  Unfortunately, it didn't seem like Dean was
Cas and Jo were still chatting away, but he ignored them and picked up his drink.  A tentative sip had a tangy burst of apple flavour exploding across his tongue, accompanied by the sweetness of the caramel syrup.  Although it had more of an artificial flavour to it, it was definitely reminiscent of an apple pie and actually had Dean longing for one.  He wondered if Cas would bake him one at the weekend if he asked nicely.
"You aren't being very successful," he observed.  He couldn't believe that Dean so easily agreed to help wrap the presents for the children's party.
"Wait!" Dean said, as Jack turned to walk away.  "What about Cas?  Chuck pulled Lucifer out of the Empty, you can save Cas!"
But Cas shook his head as he stood and gathered their dishes.  "It's not important.  Perhaps I'll tell you later."
He had to remind himself that it was okay to relax when the boy's hands slid lower, though his momentary falter led him out of time with the music.
"Someone very dear to him... died... this week.  It might be a short-term coping mechanism, until he's ready to face his grief..."
Dean was no longer looking at him, though - his gaze had fallen to his drink.  His heart sunk into the pit of his stomach as he realised that Dean had backed himself into a corner with only one way out - to
Dean tipped his head back and looked at the ceiling, a part of him thinking that if it were Sam he'd probably threaten to beat it out of him but knowing that that would just cause Castiel to retreat further into himself.
As he compared himself to Dean, he got momentarily distracted by thoughts of Dean's body.  God, how he wanted nothing more than to be able to run his hands up his firm chest; to be wrapped in his strong arms; to be kissed by those full, plump lips...
"Yes," Cas nodded, following him through.  As Dean let the door go, it slammed shut behind them.  "Though it would make sense to try to finish my degree at the same university, I wondered if perhaps I didn't
"It's not about being thirsty, Cas, it's about getting you warmed up." Dean stood, keeping his gaze directed firmly at the floor. "Erm... Oh! I've got some hot chocolate in the cupboard. Everyone loves hot chocolate," he muttered to himself as he left the room.
"I'd like that," Castiel said automatically, and then realised that it was true. He wanted to get out of the apartment, but didn't really know his way around the area all that well, and it would be nice to go out with Dean.
When they woke up, it was mid-morning.  Cas decided that by the time he'd've gotten ready, he would have missed church anyway.  "I don't really mind," he told Dean as he snuggled closer.  "I suppose it's okay to miss church for one week."
onto Castiel's list of must-see movies - a list that was getting longer by the day no matter how many they watched - as he moved the contents of the pan around.  Dean found his gaze travelling over to watch Cas's silent dance around the kitchen as he hurried to get everything ready.  "You sure I can't do anything else?"
He sat there nursing his beer until it could no longer be considered chilled, musing over Jo's words.  She was right, and he hadn't realised just how unhappy he'd been until Castiel had literally
The decorations were the awkward part - they were in the back of the stair cupboard so he had to drag everything out, hitting his head on the underside of the stairs several times, before he could finally drag the box out.  Too annoyed by this point to be bothered putting everything back in properly, he just shoved the stuff in haphazardly and closed the door.  He'd have to drag it all out again in a few weeks time anyway.
Because Benny had a dentist appointment on Thursday, Bobby had switched his and Dean's half days around.  This meant that he and Cas were working opposite shifts, with Dean in at work the morning and Cas working in the afternoon.  It worked out for the best, with one of them being at home to look after the kitten.
"A sexual assault," Dean stated.  He thought back to the time he'd found Cas in an alleyway, pants around his ankles, and how he'd jumped to exactly that conclusion.  "Yeah, I guess that makes sense," he conceded, still feeling pretty stupid about it.
Dean looked behind him.  "No," he grinned.  "Come on here," he said, reaching a hand out to Cas until the other man came closer.
Dean's hand fell from Castiel's as shoved the man hard against the wall.  "Listen to me," he growled, "because I'm gonna say this once."
about trying to take things further, but hadn't actually been able to work up the courage to try when he was actually
"I know," Dean told him.  "You were right - it's therapeutic.  But I meant what I said, about not playing for people."
Several other people were by now shouting at him by now, but he could only pick out Ellen above them all.
"And drinks their milk," Dean added.  "We also lie to children about the Tooth Fairy and the Easter Bunny."
Dean's face fell.  That was the shit Castiel deserved, though, wasn't it?  Someone who could treat him, and make him feel special.  What could Dean offer him?  Cold beer and emotional baggage.  Castiel's hand squeezing his brought him out of his thoughts.
to think about it, so would fill his head at night with memories of hands and mouths and accusations of
When Dean pulled away a disappointed noise broke past his lips before he could stop it, and Dean chuckled.
Cas stepped off the second bus that took him near their apartment and walked briskly in the direction of home, wishing that the bus stopped closer to home.  Dean would have been able to drop him at the door, then circle the block to find a parking space.  And the Impala was a far more comfortable ride than the bus.  The wind was picking up, chilling him through his damp shirt despite his jacket.  He picked up the pace to their apartment building, darting towards the elevator in the lobby when he noticed the doors beginning to close.
"It's not because I think you're too young to use a sharp knife," Castiel promised him.  "It's better for the lettuce."
Except there was Sam.  Moving on felt like leaving him behind, and he couldn't do that, no matter how strained things had become between them.  He was scoring off days on the calendar; while some were counting down to Christmas, Dean was counting down until the day he could call Sam.  Jess had told him he'd signed up for a thirty day stay in rehab, and he wanted to call Sam when he was out.  No matter how close they were - or weren't - Dean was still his big brother.
"You're not looking for another place to live, are you?" Dean asked, only half-joking, when he realised that was what it looked like Cas was doing.
He looked again at the flowers he'd bought.  They were yellow things, and he stared at the other ones that came in varying shades of pinks and purples, oranges and reds.  He almost picked up a red bunch, but at the last second noticed an orange bunch that had yellow accents on the petals.  They'd go a bit better with yellow, right?  Or would that be too much yellow?  Did Cas even
"I'm going to leave my job at the garage," he told her.  "Bobby's prepared to be flexible around my course hours,
Now his life had a direction, although not one he'd have chosen for himself, and he could see a future for himself.  He wasn't sure what form it would take, but he had faith that Dean would be in it.  Dean might feel stuck in a rut when it came to his therapy, going over the same things, but Cas could see how far he'd come.  When he wasn't being impatient, that was.  Closing his eyes, Cas murmured a quick prayer, asking God to give him the strength to be patient.  Good things came to those who waited, and Cas was certainly waiting.
But Cas couldn't answer because he didn't really know.  The apology had been an instinctive reaction.
about them, Dean felt a surge of adoration for Lisa and the way she'd raised Ben.  "We're not fighting."
"Well, that was very nice of them," Cas said brightly, reaching for two of the glasses and passing one to Ben.
"Magic and witchcraft are condemned in the Bible, because practicing them can put you under the power of Satan."
There was a long pause.  "He misses you, too, you know."  She sighed.  "Okay, you really think you can go a week without drinking?  Prove it," she told him firmly.  "Until the end of the month, no alcohol.  Then call me back and maybe I'll think about it."
Suddenly it clicked in Dean's mind.  Castiel was the unhappy boy who couldn't be himself that Dean had found on the bridge, whereas Cas was the man who was finally beginning to accept himself.
Cas shushed him, cupping his face and and brushing his fingertips through the hair behind his ears.  "You haven't let me down in
Cas smirked.  "I'll take something out of the freezer and have dinner ready for you when you get home,
Dean sat down, droplets of water dripping from his still-wet hair. Most fell onto his shoulders and down his muscled chest, but some ran down his freckled cheeks like tears. He figured if Castiel kept busy, maybe he could forget whatever it was that was getting him down – even just for a few hours – because he knew he sucked at the whole talking thing, and distraction used to work great (some of the time) with Sam.
"Feel free to try any of these out," she told Dean.  "You need to get a feel for it - after all, we spend a third of our life in bed.  And not just
They stopped at the railing and looked down at the people milling around the food court in silence for several moments.
Hesitantly, Cas opened his arms.  When Ben stepped into his embrace and hugged him back, he grinned over Ben's shoulder at Dean.
The last time Dean had said those words Castiel had beaten his face into a bloody mess, and was preparing to strike a fatal blow with his sword.
Cas drove them home from the Roadhouse, under Dean's watchful guidance.  He'd only been behind the wheel a handful of times since his permit had arrived, but he hadn't crashed yet and Dean could breathe a little easier in the passenger seat with him now.
Cas poked at his half-eaten burger.  "My father agreed to fund my education because he believed me to be sensible and obedient; that I would follow the way of God, as it was taught in our church, and would not be swayed by sinners.  I made the mistake before my final year of trying to explain to him why I felt no desire to get married - that I wasn't interested in women - and he stopped paying my college fees."
