One thing John doesn’t know, Sherlock is no blushing virgin and he certainly doesn’t need to be treated like glass.
Blinking a few times, Sherlock shook his head, “No, why would anyone bother with that? It is a waste of time surely? After all, it doesn’t change the act itself and it doesn’t bring either of the participants to climax so why bother?” he said bluntly.
The sound Sherlock made when John swallowed him down was extraordinary, he had never heard anything quite like it, it was simply raw pleasure. Considering what Sherlock had told him about previous partners, he couldn't imagine any of them had considered to do such a thing to him, you didn't have to be a detective to see that. From such little physical stimulus, the detective was practically writhing around under John's ministrations. Humming, John trying to focus on the experience, savouring the musky flavour of Sherlock's obvious delight. Since John had fallen to his elbows, it made it impossible for him to pleasure himself in the process but oddly enough he didn't even mind, in all honesty he had barely even thought about it until now. Despite being rock hard himself, John found he was too focused on pleasuring his partner to even care. Enthusiasm stirred inside of him and he sucked Sherlock down, relishing the yelp that came from above. Up, down, up, down, Oh found a comfortable speedy rhythm and kept at it, his mind racing with lust and desire as he tasted the sweet drips of pre-cum oozing onto his tongue.
It’s interesting what a simple chemical can do to a person, as soon as it enters the system it can do anything from shutting down organs to simply removing pain. As a person who had introduced many chemicals into his body, Sherlock was usually quick to recover from such a thing and sure enough, he began to wake at the sound of his flatmate’s voice. Groaning, he blinked a few times to clear the fog away from his vision and looked around hazily until the events from before flooded back to him. In a panic, he scanned the room, “John! John… he was here, he was…” the words stopped the second Sherlock saw the man, tied and bruised on the floor. His eyes flickered back to John who, upon  closer inspection was also bruised, various marks beginning to develop across his face. Moments passed and Sherlock put the pieces together before he noticed John’s hand was on his cheek. Reaching up, he placed his own hand over John’s, “Are you alright?” he asked, his voice slightly wary. He couldn’t process this, John had come back… he had come back and put himself in harms way yet again. Why? Why did he do this? Why did he protect him so much? It just didn’t make any sense.
All of the tension that had been in the room seemed to fade away as they sat there, both of them unmoving, unwilling to break the calm silence between them. Time stood still, even if it were just for a mere seconds. An implausible possibility, but one that they was eager to entertain even if it was only for that one moment in time. It was then that the silence was broken by the slight shuffling sound on John shuffling back to his side of the bed. Sighing, Sherlock turned to face him to see John sitting there, clearly dealing with an internal dilemma, judging by the many conflicting facial expressions that glance across his features. Sherlock liked watching John think, unlike himself who remained still and contemplative, John’s thoughts and emotions filtered across his face like a complex dance as he battled with himself. Watching John was sometimes Sherlock’s favourite thing to do, on some occasions it could be more interesting to him than a case or a murder scene or even an unidentified corpse! John was… different. He was one of the most honest and sincere men he had ever met, a man with a strong moral compass and strong loyalty… he also made a damn good cuppa. “John?” he ventured to speak, hoping that maybe it would pull John back to reality a little.
“Well now… that is the question” the gunman said mockingly, “You and your little friend here got someone I know sent down for a long, long time. I’ve come for some… compensation. Valuables are preferred but… if you have nothing, the satisfaction of taking his life and yours will do just fine” he said flippantly, you could almost hear a smug smile forming under that damn skeleton mask.
Sherlock shuddered as he felt John lick at his neck, the cool trail left behind making him shiver slightly. It was so hot in the room, well, he thought it was at the very least. “I… you… nevermind” he stammered. Stammering, that was a new one. John has managed to reduce him to this after some simple kissing?
“Hardly, you are the driving force behind this… I didn’t think… well… I’m glad I pushed you if that’s the result” Sherlock said with another forming blush making its way onto his cheeks.
“I’m fine, just lost my bearings for a moment” he explained, “I’m starving, I hope Angelo is ready for us tonight, I might eat half of his stock” he said with a small chuckle. “I hope you are going to eat with me for a change, make me look a little less like a total pig?”
"What?" John's attempts at wrapping his mind around everything being discussed were initially unsuccessful, another usual thing in the unusual task of speaking deeply with Sherlock, if he was honest with himself.
"John," he corrected him, his words muffled by his hands. John then looked up into his face and it was lined with concern in such a way as he had never seen. "We're practically family now." Mycroft gave a curt nod of agreement.
Except that he did. He wanted to so badly that he'd had to take up masturbation again for the first time since he was that broken-hearted sixteen year-old. He kept his self-imposed celibacy somewhat intact that way, even contemplating breaking it altogether by calling on the services of The Woman
"Children make life worth living," the child's father commented to John's unexpected chagrin. He wasn't positive whether he was predicting further ignorance or the statement hitting too close to home. He didn't suppose, at this point, there'd every be children of his in the future. "Don't suppose your parents hold out much hope for this, eh?" Mick Jones was really trying to be tolerant at the very least. He truly didn't understand attraction, however most didn't as much as they thought they did. John could find Sherlock attractive in every way and not be gay. Then again Sherlock tended to cross a lot of lines when it came to John's notions of himself. He was just that remarkable. The genuineness of Mick's misunderstanding was the only thing keeping his teeth in his head. Sherlock exchanged a look with him. It's almost as if he understood the conflict. Sherlock's Private Smile prompted John to speak first.
"What's wrong?" He halted then spun to face John with what was at first that familiar assessing look.
The case went by like lightning and as usual, John couldn’t help but feel the pride swell in his chest when Sherlock busted those murderous assholes. 20 years of killing, he couldn't even imagine the sick and depraved mind of that man. He watch the killed being lead away in cuffs and for some reason all he could think was of the families of those he had killed. Soon enough however, he was being pulled away by Sherlock and as always he followed without hesitation, although he was a little annoyed by the rather disgusted looks from some of the people on the scene. He didn’t miss the small smirk on Lestrade’s face though, it was to be expected really. It was no secret that Lestrade cared for Sherlock and wanted him to be treated well, if anyone could do that, it was John. When they were in the cab, it was oddly quiet, Sherlock was clearly in his mind again however it wasn’t his palace because the emotions were flickering across his features. It didn’t take a genius to figure out what he was so concerned about and John shifted closer so that their legs touched, “Hey, don’t worry… leave it to me alright? You know cases and crimes and all that… this is something I know… Just follow my lead and let me know if you need me to slow down.” he said gently, not wanting Sherlock to overwhelm himself with unestablished expectations.
At that, Sherlock sighed and shook his head. Without a word, he swooped out of the flat, not even bothering to pick up his coat or scarf as he tried to calculate the probability of where John may have gone in such a state. It didn’t take long for him to figure it out. Despite the doctor’s severe distaste for alcohol and alcoholics in general, one thing Sherlock knew was that in times of stress or upset, John usually found himself at the pub attempting to drown it all out. A foolish method by far but it was one that many people used on a regular basis. With haste, Sherlock raced down the roads, he had no idea at this point as to what he was going to say to his friend but he couldn’t leave things this way. Considering the length of his strides, Sherlock reached the pub not long after John and even managed to get inside and spot the man before he had been capable of ordering his first pint. “John!” he called out, rushing to his blogger's side but leaving a reasonable distance in case he had to dodge a swing. “John I… what you heard I… I didn’t mean…”
Despite the fact John knew he could easily continue right now, he decided against it. Releasing his firm hold on the detective, John smiled up at him softly, his lust being pushed to the back of his mind. He wanted more, so so so much more, but that could wait, they had time. After all, they had danced around each other for all of these years, what difference would a little more delay make? “You are incredible, Sherlock Holmes” he said with utter conviction.
John was a little startled by Sherlock breaking the kiss, even more so by what he broke it to say. The shock didn’t last however and John sighed, smiling a little sadly up at the confused man before him, “I do, God I do, but sex doesn’t mean just doing something for the hell of it Sherlock. In the past, has no one ever bothered with a build up? Foreplay? Things like that?” he asked, a little concerned to hear the answer.
Looking up, Sherlock smiled a little, “Not at all. Did you sleep well?” he asked, bringing a hand up and resting it on John’s chest.
“Hey, are you hungry?” he asked, sensing Sherlock’s slight shutdown. He had managed to suppress his own arousal for the time being, although his own erection hadn’t quite faded. Seeing the detective shake his head, John rolled his eyes, “Alright well I am so I’ll see you in a bit” he said calmly, leaning forward and lightly pecking Sherlock’s cheek before heading out of the bedroom. He had every intention of having something to eat, as soon as he had sorted something far more pressing out. Hurtling into the bathroom, John made sure to lock the door behind him instantly. As quickly as he had gotten himself in the room, his pyjama bottoms had hit the floor and he rested his head back against the door. Despite being able to stop the heat of his arousal from clouding his self control a few moments ago, his restraint was only as good as the next mans. Without a moment of hesitation, John reached down and took himself in hand, biting his lip a little to keep any sounds from escaping as he began to stroke himself slow but firmly. For a moment, he cursed himself for not grabbing his lotion or something along the way but that didn’t matter as his mind began to wander after a few seconds and he felt his fantasies creeping their way in. Sherlock… laying face down on the bed, his wrists tied to the frame and a blindfold covering those intense eyes. His knees are bent and spread apart, exposing him and leaving him entirely vulnerable to whatever comes his way both literally and figuratively. The thought made John harder under his own touch and he gasped as he ran his thumb over the head, holding back a hum as he imagined moving up to the bed and running the head of his swollen cock over Sherlock’s puckered entrance, wondering what noise he would make. Would he be vocal in bed? Would he submit entirely like this? Now wasn’t the time to consider it. Focusing on his imagination, John gripped his cock more tightly and thrusted into his fist in time with his mind, picturing himself forcing his way into that little pucker and claiming Sherlock as his own. A soft moan managed to escape him but he didn’t care, he began to thrust into his hand and felt pleasure building as he thought of the many different noises that could come from the detective as he took John’s cock to the base. John thrusted faster, his breathing picking up but before he could even get himself close, there was a knock at the door. John groaned quietly, stopping his ministrations for a moment to answer, “Yes?”
Seeing John trying to run actually hurt somewhat, was he really that afraid of Sherlock’s judgement? His thoughts? That wouldn’t do at all. John was always so horrifically brave and selfless, he always protected Sherlock when he couldn't protect himself. Now it was his turn to protect John from himself. If anyone knew what it was to be attacked by your own mind, Sherlock knew. He knew exactly what it was like to have the deepest recesses of your mind come about like dark clouds and swallow your thoughts and obscure your judgement. He had spent years in the dark, his mind eating itself away until he was nothing but a druggie desperate for something, anything to take the boredom and pain away. That’s when Lestrade had found him, he’d taken him under his wing and given him countless cases to keep his mind from caving.  Then John, dear sweet John had come along and things had come to this, he lived a good life, he was clean and he had someone he valued far more than himself. Yet John… here John was crumbling in front of him… it wasn’t fair. Taking a breath, Sherlock stroked John’s cheek lightly with his thumb, closing his eyes as he felt the slight scrape of new stubble. With that, he released John and turned slowly away from him, exposing his back in the streaming light from the window to the silent doctor. “You have no reason to be ashamed John.... I promise you” he whispered, his own shame causing his chest to tighten. He could do this, for John he could do anything. After a moment, he went to turn back, he was stopped by the feeling of John’s forehead resting lightly on his back, then to his utter shock, a gentle press of lips on what he knew to be the largest of the marks from where one of the goons in Serbia had been unfamiliar with how to use a whip.
“You’re s…. “ Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly and he searched his head for any word ending in ‘S’ to try and cover the tracks of his original response. ‘Sandwiches? No. Sister? Hell no. Soft jumpers? No. Scar? Bad topic’ he sighed, “Your smile” he admitted after his mind failed to give him a decent alternate word. Going quiet, Sherlock closed his eyes, not to keen on finding out what John’s response would be to such a revelation. No it wasn’t anything sordid or personal but it was certainly something he would find strange and Sherlock really didn’t want to have to answer any questions about his fascination.
As Sherlock curled into him, John smiled and wrapped his arms around the detecting, pressing a kiss to the younger man’s forehead. “I overreacted today, I’m sorry love. G’night” he murmured, sleep creeping in and causing John to begin lightly snoring within seconds of his sentence.
John had honestly expected some kind of rejection, he hadn’t expected Sherlock to turn around and want to stay with him for nights on end. He wasn’t complaining in any way, but he was a little concerned as he usually needed some… privacy. He could put that sort of thing on hold for a while surely? At the end of the day, he wasn’t a teenager anymore, it would only be for a while, he could do that. “Sounds good” he managed to say as they arrived at 221b. John paid the driver as always and they headed inside. It was nice to get back into the warm and John shed his coat and shoes the second he could before heading towards his room, “I’m going to lay down, feel free to come join me whenever ok?” he said with a small smile before heading towards his room. He was stopped however by a hand on his wrist and looked back to see a slightly bashful Sherlock.
John called Lestrade and explained the situation and as expected the DI headed straight over without hesitation. In theory, John probably should have gone back inside but he couldn’t face Sherlock, not right now. Not when he had almost blurted something so potentially catastrophic out. It was difficult. It was so difficult for John to show Sherlock just how he felt, without outright telling him. He wanted more than anything to make Sherlock understand how important and how special he was, but he couldn’t just blurt it out. What if the detective had it shoved back in his face? There was no way he could live that down, besides, Sherlock had immediately shot him down when they first met and that was just an innocent date. If he told him now that he loved him… no.
John used his whole body to, well, make love. That was what they were doing, wasn't it? Sherlock noted how John seemed to be everywhere at once, but not in an unpleasant way like those Sherlock had dealt with in the past, all grabbing hands and fumbling. No, John... blanketed Sherlock, no matter that he was underneath. It was as if Sherlock was a biscuit, dunked in John tea, absorbing him through every pore until he could no longer hold his integrity. It was almost literal as Sherlock emptied himself into John's mouth with embarrassingly few passes with his tongue.
"You'll have your own rooms here of course. Mummy has had a room ready for Little Willa since she first heard of her existence. I'm sure Mummy and Father are already up there," he mentioned. Strangely, without a word, Sherlock gestured the direction in which John was to precede him out of the room. Once out, he took the lead and Greg began asking him questions one usually asks about a child in which they have an interest, especially with children of their own. John wasn't a pediatric specialist, but he'd sure treated enough children in the various war zones in order to qualify if he'd really wanted to retrain. Oddly enough, it took very little fear away from frantic two a.m. calls to hotlines as they were hardly ever in one place long enough to establish a regular pediatrician. Not to mention the fact that they were in hiding. A lucky side effect of his former military and university days was the fact that he had places around the world in which to hide out, doctors and lawyers and survivalists and everything in between to see to it she never missed a shot or wellness check-up regardless of knowing her only as 'John's Doe'. A play on a combination of the title of an unidentified man and a female deer.
He was unmistakable. An unlikely predator of willing prey. Sherlock refused outright to admit to himself that he was extremely jealous. This John Watson could have convinced those women to come to his bed with no problem. All at once even, if he was of a mind. Sherlock had no rules for his own sexuality. He liked what he liked regardless of the genitals. But he'd abandoned it to celibacy long before in order to properly focus on The Work. But this John Watson, having before just poked at Sherlock's sexual appetites through the keyhole of the chest inside the cage he'd locked his libido in, had broken the lock on the chest, the carnality now straining against the bars of the cage, snarling. This was much more than a bit not good. He had to do something to counter this before the cage door was weakened enough to break as well. Then where would they be? He'd most likely be friendless once more. Well except for the drugs.
"Not initially, no. It's more in character within the parameters of an established relationship for you. At least the way you are now." John continued to surprise and fascinate him, but even Sherlock, with his limited sentimental capabilities, was positive trying to kiss him right now would be wrong. No matter how much he craved it. "I just... this can't be..." John dropped his hands again and sighed with exasperation. Sherlock dropped his own, then pushed them into his pockets instead. Must not touch until welcome.
and brief glare he received from colliding with Sherlock's stomach with a magnanimous smirk. The satisfaction only lasted as long as it took for him to open it, to see the route clearly marked in bright green highlighter.
"I guess it is," John said, then bent down as Sherlock leaned up for a brief kiss. The man on the floor held him there, their lips pressed together, for a long moment.
"Lestrade, your room is right here." Sherlock opened the door in front of which they stood without taking his eyes off of John's as the latter man fought to hold in a smile.
It had been rather Spartan compared to the rest of the flat, but now that all of his scientific equipment was in there as well as a fridge and an extra desk, it was full to the brim with Sherlock's very essence, and, he noticed, some of him too. The bed remained freshly made, and a quick search of the desk revealed the items he knew he'd need. He then made sure the doors to the loo remained open as he started the shower and, as predicted, Sherlock called to him from inside the room as he stood under the warm spray. He only poked his hand out from the curtain in response and smiled as it was grasped after a moment of what sounded like fumbling.
For once, Sherlock was asleep first. They managed one more orgasm apiece before he had to clean the two of them up, as Sherlock drifted off before doing so whilst John was in the bathroom. After lovingly wiping him down and covering him with the sheet, John opened his laptop to quickly jot down a few things about their rather remarkable evening as he finally got to enjoying a glass of champagne. He found himself opening and staring at an entry he made many weeks before.
it was a normally inappropriate response? The man himself spoke up as John struggled with the conundrum sobriety normally offered a ready solution to, the solution usually to keep his mouth shut in the first place.
"I just... I need to know what this is. With us I mean." Sherlock blinked at him for a long time thinking he must have missed a social cue because it seemed obvious.
But secondary school fancies don't usually translate well into full fledged adult relationships. Luckily they were just mature enough to know this and so made sure to say good bye in as complete a way as possible before she moved to the French part of her ancestral homelands and he went for Medical training then the military. She wrote him once whilst he was in, a long letter he still kept in his small box of important things. He didn't cry over it until that dark time when Sherlock was gone, and the rest of the world seemed to abandon him, though it had actually been him doing the abandoning.
"Now," Sherlock said sharply, signaling the end of playtime, "I'll get your father out of bed and we shall get you two dressed. Why don't you look in the wardrobe drawers in your room and fetch something to wear."
Yes, I did do the research required to know that the particular kettle I chose is actually shit, but I was going for price, looks and fancy doodads more than anything else. The brand name was a happy coincidence.
"You don't have to know everything all the time." A keen look had John rolling his eyes. "Okay maybe
"Quite," Sherlock said, snapping a photo on his phone of John with the gift, overwhelmed expression unable to be erased despite the happy posed grin. "The only stipulation to my acquisition of it for you is that if it doesn't go to a direct descendant, officially adopted or otherwise, it goes either to the Sir Arthur Conan Doyle museum, as he has a great interest in our family histories for whatever reason, or the National Museum of Scotland. By the way you
a few yards away, Willa began her wriggling once more, Sherlock warning her to stop before she was dropped, though all involved knew it would never happen. The child complied only until she was being set down, little feet moving even before they touched the path leading up to the open front door in front of which stood an exquisite white-haired couple, both tall and exuding adoration as their pipe dream realized barreled toward them, calling out.
"Are we genuinely...," Sherlock tried. "I mean I know I feel... and we said we..." Sherlock exhaled such a frustrated growl and grabbed two handfuls of his own hair, stomping over to sit down hard on the sofa. All at once, it dawned on John. Since they'd made it actually official, neither one of them had used the most important word that described what this was, and Sherlock was suffering with his own anxiety John could have kicked himself for not seeing more clearly. He was too busy with his own doubts when it all was right there in front of him. He gentled Sherlock's hands out of his hair with a fond sigh and gave his rather tender scalp a little rub as he sat next to him, then pulled him close so they could wrap their arms around each other.
"Oh I... I did beg." It was definitely a blush now, deep pink and adorable as his eyes darted about, landing on anything but John's. "I'm not proud of it. Perhaps I was more affected by the wine than I'd thought. However, whatever our desires, they lost to alcohol, as you passed out before we could even... properly start. Although I did rather like witnessing you having a little less control than usual."
, but he was wrong. Asking that question, in that tone, made him seven years old again, Mycroft leaving for boarding school. He'd never forgive himself.
"Like what?" The conversation distracted him enough for Sherlock to be able to look his fill as John stepped carefully into the water and settled in his lap and back against him with a flinch that he nearly physically felt himself.
"Don't worry, John. She and I raided the fridge when she awoke in the wee hours." John still wasn't sure whether or not to stay worried that he hadn't gotten up to give his child breakfast for the first time in what was practically her entire life. "We had porridge with local honey and wheat toast." John breathed out in relief, trying to keep the reaction more neutral as he didn't want to put Sherlock off of parenting. There was time enough for that if Willa ever got a cold in front of him or, God forbid, injured herself.
"You know what I like," John answered, lifting his chin in the direction of the drag queen server who'd just become present, and stretching his arms across the back of the seat behind Sherlock's head. John punctuated his air of complete relaxation by resting the heel of his right foot on the table. Sherlock tore his eyes from him long enough to order a pint of John's favourite lager and a refreshing cucumber beverage for himself that he could make last for hours if he wished. "I assumed we were supposed to be a couple when I first got a look at the place," John mentioned directly into his ear, as he cleverly hid their conversation from possible listening devices. It made a slight shiver run down his spine. "What does 'Johnlock' even mean, anyway?" Sherlock really hoped his expression was as at least neutral as he was attempting to make it, John was playing his part well, slightly nuzzling the ear into which he spoke.
Things grew increasingly heated and hard and Sherlock decided that he hadn't yet encountered anything better in his life than a romantically and sexually aroused John Watson. This was the John Watson all those women saw, all at once the clever predator and elusive pray. While he understood it before, it was only on a technical level. He clinically compartmentalized their behaviour, retaining information useful to The Work as well as figuring out ways to make sure they didn't hurt John's feelings/went away as soon as they became inconvenient. John probably would have called it jealousy, and it probably was, in its own way. To be fair, those women didn't exactly stand a chance against the duplexity that was John Hamish Watson. As detached as Sherlock was from all things sentimental, even he wasn't immune to John's subtly devious charms.
"That's enough," he declared gently. Sherlock just draped one of his long arms around him and kissed his cheek and called him 'My Darling', which impossibly furthered his fond feelings toward it as it reminded him of the legitimate begging of the night before.
"I... didn't want you to feel obligated by sexual expectations," he debated. "As I said, it wasn't simply a means to an end. Well, not
"Just ask. I promise you won't offend me." Well... that was the truth at least. So he just went for it.
"What? Why do I have to do it?" Sherlock looked slightly panicked for a moment in Marceline's direction.
"Did you really want to be a pirate when you were a kid? Because you've got the Captain Jack Sparrow thing down, just now."
John retrieved the sample (again without revealing to Mrs. Hudson what it was) and quietly opened the front door, finding the hall predictably empty. He snuck back up to the flat, quickly locking both doors and putting the foot in its original place before going to his chair and laptop. He was able to email three links of what he thought were well-priced refrigerated units before he heard Sherlock's key scraping in the lock of the kitchen door. He remained still as Sherlock did a wild check that the specimen was still viable, sighing in relief that it was. John would never have really compromised something so important as to warrant such a prominent human body part, but he was still going to insist on the separate fridge.
"Ask away." Sherlock seemed to feel a bit better, rolling onto his back as he laughed, then sighed and belched, a thing that had him rushing for more water.
Sometimes Sherlock would say he needed 'a break' from their pretense, and they'd go anywhere from several hours to several days as just flatmates and friends, just to see if they could do it. Of course they could, it didn't change the fact that John missed it very much. He thought Sherlock might have as well, but he was his usual stoic self and so John had little idea whether or not he was correct, despite knowing the man well. The week before the reunion, Sherlock proposed another break, as a way of sort of whetting their appetites for each other. His theory was that they would seem more in love if they denied themselves on top of having to behave more conservatively in public.
He was simultaneously excited and reluctant to get home, unsure of what he would find. But then, that was always the case, wasn't it?
"You're a doctor, ex-military, and semi-famous," Sherlock listed. "There are legions that would give their right arm to accompany you to your school reunion." The consulting detective turned his laptop around and handed it to John, a site open which contained profiles of girls making themselves available to date him specifically. John supposed he shouldn't have been surprised that Sherlock knew exactly what he was talking of, but he couldn't help being amazed at the dichotomy between the man's insight and ignorance. He could tell a potential client what he had for breakfast three days ago, but not think much wrong with, say, keeping a human foot in the crisper, even after repeated discussions regarding respect for common areas and related things. John was properly surprised by this website. There were literally hundreds of women, virtually(literally) throwing themselves at his rather high quality size 44s. As children, Mum always made sure that if nothing else, they had a good pair of shoes, a good coat, a church outfit that fit, and a good jumper, all fashion staples that made their way into his adult wardrobe.
"She will most likely get her height from Sherlock. Our genes are strong in her as is presented by her hair texture as well as the shape of her limbs. She looks," Mycroft cleared his throat, "remarkably as Sherlock did as a toddler." Was Mycroft Big Brother The British Government Holmes getting choked up over a small girl, one that reminded him of Sherlock no less? This was gold. He sighed then fixed John with a look that, from anyone else would have been pleading. "John, will you come home?"
John did as he was told, finding several restraint items at which he merely lifted his eyebrows at this point. There was an iron ring bored into the wall just behind his headboard for research on bondage, specifically Kinbaku for a case. Which was exactly the wrong thing to think of at the time. He didn't much care to be dominated, but the idea of John taking control of him wasn't unwelcome. Sometimes he needed handling and the good doctor did it well when-
There were maybe a hundred more before they even left the house the next day, and many more as they walked around, Sherlock visually attempting to control his pride as he promenaded his fiance and child in the sights of many who swore he would die alone and very young... probably at one of their hands if not one of their animals, or as a result of an experiment gone wrong. They certainly didn't think he'd find someone who cared nothing for anything he could offer them personally, but who he was. John was extremely surprised to encounter, in this rather close knit farming community, extremely little prejudice out loud and even less in the form of sideways glances and head shakes when it came to their both being men.
The next week consisted of a combination of private snogging sessions beginning timidly and usually ending frustratingly abruptly. No one but them knew what they were talking about, thinking it another one of their strange inside jokes when Sherlock would ask something to the effect of 'How about now?' to which John would infuriatingly reply,
"No. No sorry, Sherlock. I just don't know how to explain..." Sherlock's eyes were cautiously interested. He sometimes forgot how sensitive Sherlock actually was, especially now. The man would still sooner cut out his own tongue than admit it, however.
The next kiss put him on his back, pulling Sherlock as close as possible. The grinding returned, frustratingly non-rhythmic, but loads better than nothing. Sherlock was praising him and he cursed the fact that he was too drunk to make out completely what was being said. Something about his being brilliant to come up with a proposal speech to feed their cloyingly romantic engagement story. Which is of course what he was doing.
"Mm," Sherlock agreed, then pointed to the certificate. John carefully lifted it and at first murmured the words as he read them, voice climbing in volume as he continued.
"Did you bang your head or something and need to go to the A&E?" Sherlock blinked at John's question a few times.
"Well, I suppose you can be forgiven just this once. It's good to finally meet you face to face, Mr. Holmes."
"Got that right," Sherlock replied as if he was merely thinking out loud instead of a rather juvenile attempt at innuendo, then stopped and smirked bashfully at John, confirming it being inadvertent. He whipped his eyes back to his phone screen when John gave him a lascivious wink.
"And no running off to go see her anyway when I'm in the loo or something." Sherlock's eyes cut up to him. "Sherlock..."
It was actually quite lovely. Sherlock was much more romantic than he liked to admit, acquiring for John strange little keepsakes or giving him weird yet thoughtful gifts, sometimes left in odd places. There had been an old book of healing from some ancient society, a WWI bayonet, and a new cleaning kit for his Browning among other things. Sherlock behaved himself more than usual when he was promised a head petting to help him think, or a new part with which to experiment. He purchased a fridge after all for his experiments and kept it in the bedroom, even going so far as to get a brand new one for the kitchen. John nearly kissed him on the mouth for that, as it was so very thoughtful of his Sherlock and when exactly had he started referring to Sherlock that way in his own mind?
"Yes yes, lovely to meet you," Sherlock piped in over her reply, pulling John flush against him and staring intently into his face as he let him lead.
"You needed me. I wasn't useful for anything else. I was a rubbish husband, pining after you so secretly, apparently I didn't even know I was."
So John enjoyed learning of this a bit more than some other things. The sound had come up earlier when he kissed him before leaving their room and the thought first gave him pleasure then gave him pause, though he wasn't yet sure why. Finishing up the volley, he stared at Sherlock's face, unable to decide whether or not to look into his eyes or at his pinked mouth.
thing good about his physical state upon his return was that, between his ravaged body and various medications, he was unable, for a time to become aroused. It used to infuriate him before, when they'd experience a heat wave or, that time the furnace broke, and John would flit about the house indecently dressed. No one else seemed to have a problem with it, but then, no one else was trying hopelessly not to be in love with him.
"Sod the experiment. Or figure out what you want to know in other ways. I'll let you know when you get to something I'm not really up for. For instance, I'm not really... sure about the, you know...,"
After he'd moved John's bed, a double that was one of very few luxuries he allowed himself due to his rather spartan personality, its owner showed in the doorway, explaining how he'd thought twice, then locked the doors to the sitting room. The slightly older man said nothing of the paracetamol he'd taken. John even shut the bedroom door as Sherlock tried to determine what kind of music would serve best as a soundtrack. He struck out with the classical, John giving him a look that must have been an exact replica of how he looked at people when they were being a particular brand of idiot. Apparently, John had made a new playlist to go along with his new exercise regimen. It seemed it was, and he used the term loosely, music whose purpose was to excite and motivate a crowd. Lots of electric guitars and shouted 'lyrics'.
"Marceline. I saw your name on the roster but I didn't think you'd made it." He had to admit the spark of excitement at seeing her again as well as the surprising lack of disappointment when she never turned up. At first he'd been so distracted by his current 'lover', and after that it was more of a relief that he wouldn't have to deal with attempting to decipher Sherlock's mood toward her, especially the way it was now. They kissed each other's cheeks. She smelled of lavender and cigarettes, just as she did before, the same stark lips and piercing blue eyes, but her hair was even shorter and slicked back, though she'd finally allowed her natural curl to remain. It seemed lacquered into the unmoving finger waves. Her dress had thin, crystal lined straps and flowed down her frame to the knee where the fringe began mid-calf. But for a long cigarette holder and gloves, she looked every inch the flapper girl, though somehow, non-ironically.
"Which is perfect timing because you'll just sweat again. Besides, you promised to entertain me. Show me," he said again, softer than he meant to. John gave him a long, rather wary look.
Sherlock reached out without looking, grasping the edge of his tee shirt wherever it had been tossed, and dragged it over to clean off John's hand, which rested in the pool of the mess he'd made, some of it having even reached his chin. John was good enough to lick that off and, if he hadn't already
"This purposely swearing Sherlock is more than a little bit sexy," John grinned, finally deciding not to worry about leaving his shirt and jeans buttons undone as he tore into the packing tape with a wickedly sharp pocket knife.
"You and I know this, but he'll hear nothing but your forgiveness face to face." The tears came without his permission. Crying in front of Mycroft was the last thing John wanted to do. It felt much too weak. But Mycroft did something completely astounding then. He moved to John's side and rested a warm hand on John's back as he sat with his face buried in his hands to hide his grief. "Doctor Watson-"
"And here is our card," Sherlock continued. "When you're ready, ring Dr. Watson and he'll advise you on the best course of action in getting in to the Army." He then attempted to hand him a generous tip.
"I'm a four," Sherlock mentioned absently, then frowned deeper as he couldn't imagine why he'd even say anything.
"Alright." Nothing else for it, then. "I want to be with you. For as long as you'll have me. I don't care about marriage or children or anything else you may want as long as I get to be yours and you get to be mine." John, blinked at him, apparently stunned. He took the silence as an opportunity to barrel on. "But I also know that I will repeatedly hurt and neglect you no matter how hard I try. I've wanted you
"You are a saint, John Watson," the very pregnant Margie sighed, gratefully taking John's arm so he could help her to a chair.
"It's alright, Honeybee. We're safe. I'd like you to meet someone." She padded over on tiny, chubby feet, clad in her pyjamas, patterned with her nick-namesake, and stood slightly behind John. It was the only indication of her nerves, as she didn't clutch at her father's leg or turn her head away like most children did when being bashful. She was actually nothing resembling shy if there was something interesting to examine. She was her other father's daughter in more ways than one. It was completely silent but for the sounds of the water on the rocks below and the wind in the eaves. Then she stood her straightest, approached the strange man, and stuck her hand out.
she would diagnose him with some sort of schizophrenia or at least have him see about a brain tumor. Because that was his lot in life now, wasn't it? Acquiring something terminal once he'd found a reason to live. But there was no such diagnosis, and he was once again left alone to deal with everything.
Sherlock explained the disaster when Lestrade was quite finished with his 'I told you so'. He was being less useful than usual at first, explaining to him that only he could fix it. But then he said that the fact of John being so upset confirmed that he loved him, too. Then he mumbled something off-hand about the fact that John'd probably make the first move because he was so bloody good and Sherlock almost didn't deserve it but you can't help who you fancy. Not really. Sherlock was still a bit depressed about the way things had gone but that at least gave him a little spark of hope. John loved him. Was that what this was? Lestrade announced he was off home to shower, making it pretty clear he was done advising by saying he needed the loo first. But Sherlock was already exploring his mind palace all through the long-winded declaration, collating data and ignoring the plea that he eat something. Mrs. Hudson had started a stew that morning which John had also helped with apparently because, though he'd washed his hands thoroughly several times, Sherlock tasted the tiniest trace of fresh garlic, onions, and dill lingering where it had splashed his face a little bit when he smashed, sliced and diced. He would be having some of that when John coaxed him to eat.
). It was a pink divot about the size of his thumb pad, surrounded by a labyrinth of tendrils, radiating outward like some sort of crystal formation. He knew John didn't think so at the time but it was a miracle no bone fragments pierced his heart.
"Sherlock," the way John said his name caused his cock to jump again, "I don't know what's wrong, but are you really alright, or are you just saying you are so I'll go away?" Sherlock sighed and, with all his might, attempted to control his voice at least, to mimic some semblance of calm.
"Come here," he said instead. John stood and allowed himself to be lead by the wrist into his lap crosswise. As strange as it seemed, this was much more comforting. Perhaps it was the fact that John was still willing to touch him after all of that uncertainty. He put his arms around John's waist and lay his head on his right pectoral. They just held each other and breathed for a long moment, John caressing his hair before Sherlock lifted his head, seeking out a kiss that was every bit as delicious as the others. It should have answered John's questions, rid him of uncertainty about how Sherlock felt. But then, John always brought up past indiscretions, most notably Sherlock's time with Janine. He could see how John would be constantly unsure, if Sherlock was willing to go that far to solve a case. At this point, he was unsure why John even bothered asking anymore.
"I'm fine, Sherlock." he leapt out of bed over to his gingerly walking new lover and got on his knees behind him.
"Congratulations," John said smoothly, exchanging a look with Sherlock during which Sherlock also raised his eyebrow at the child's name. "This is-"
Sherlock abruptly noticed, as John kissed him through the aftershocks, that he was somehow completely nude. It shouldn't have surprised him as it did, but he remembered nothing of it happening, only the rather embarrassing noises John pulled from him by applying pressure and/or moisture to certain seemingly non-erogenous parts of his body. Some of those parts had seemed inert, as if they were underwater, impossible to use in building a fire. But John was a completely different chemical mix than anyone else. It was like they were calcium flares, able to ignite him without any lasting effect. John was lava, burning at a temperature so high that everything around him was brought up to his level, deformed and remade layer by layer into something richer.
"You know this isn't my area." Lestrade rested the file on the desk and pondered the subject, pursing and un-pursing his lips, then swiveling his chair around to look thoughtfully into the air toward the cracked open window. Summer was nearly upon them and a mild breeze made it pleasant to work in there with only a suit jacket on.
"Got them off you as you were trying to get back here," John explained in that low, unpredictable voice he knew never failed to get Sherlock's attention. "I really do like your eagerness, I do. But there's such a thing as overdoing it and I've warned you against that in the past, haven't I?" John thought it safe to restart the car so that they wouldn't freeze.
"Or high... Or having sex...," He took longer than usual to think. "But usually I was high during the sex bit, so-"
"You're kidding! Any relation?" Sherlock handed him a glossed card on which the menu and a bit about the food services of the hotel was printed, then pointed to one of the portraits. The same toothy grin, the same face shape and silvered hair, as well as dark eyes. "That's mad!"
He awoke feeling a bit crusty, but all in all well-rested, though too comfortable to move. His nose was buried in John's hair and the man himself was fast asleep. He pressed his lips to his forehead several times and actually
"And strong," he stated with a kiss. "And brave." Another kiss. "And kind." Another. "And clever." The last one was long, drawn out over minutes. "I want to see," he said again. "Please."
They were rescued by the eating and speech portions of the evening, though they were of course heavily featured. Unfortunately, local celebrity was seen as a higher level of success than those who actually did more for the world. Not that their contribution was minor in any way, shape, or form. John was indeed very proud of what they'd achieved, even more so of the many things they'd done that weren't general knowledge. But everyone seemed so much more interested in their name rather than deeds.
"Then how do you identify?" How did he classify himself? What additional label could Sherlock affix to him to make him easier to process, to read?
"Of course he does. A perfect nickname for Papa and Daddy's sweet treasure." He'd never heard Sherlock speak this way. Not even when he feigned affection. It was a certain quality of his tone. All at once, he fully understood where the term 'ring of truth' originated as well as the phrase, 'words have power'. If this was a smitten Sherlock Holmes, then John tore himself apart inwardly for not doing it sooner. He had little problem sacrificing his own happiness. If he'd been alone then this probably wouldn't have taken place. But he wasn't alone, and he had unwittingly sacrificed this-this pure joy and comfort-for the two people he loved most in the world. It was a physical pain in his chest. "W-would you like me to... to carry you?" Sherlock asked awkwardly.
"You should have a closer look," Sherlock mentioned softly, having gotten even closer and a bit behind John to his right as John sat up straight. Sherlock placed his left hand gently on John's left shoulder, smoothing over the ridges of his strangely as yet un-commented upon bullet wound scar under the cloth with reverent fingers. The ex Army captain lifted the main item deferentially from among the accompanying cleaning and configuring apparatus and turned it over in his hands once before aiming it toward the fireplace and then the window closest to the sofa.
"You obviously have no objection to homosexuality, and our perceived coupling has done nothing to dampen your ability to, what you would call 'pull'."
"Still is," Sherlock said, then looked off to the left a moment, trying to figure out where that came from. John drew his eyes back to his with a gentle hand to his chin. To Sherlock's surprise, his slightly puzzled frown was kissed, and then his lips. "Please," he said, accepting another kiss, "Tell me if you want to stop. I know you're not used to doing this with another male and-" John cut him off with a proper deep kiss, pushing his arms around Sherlock's torso and once again allowed him control over it. Sherlock laid them back, pushing his tongue lightly into John's mouth and sighing when he yielded without effort. "Tonight," he murmured, his caress on the side of John's military-precise ashen blond head overwhelmingly affectionate.
"What a good boy," he crooned out of nowhere, laying his hand on the side of Sherlock's face a bit too hard to just be a pat. To worsen things, he just slid himself down, lifting Sherlock's shirt and yanking down his pants, soiled with his emissions, then proceeded to drag his tongue over the part of the mess the fabric of his underwear hadn't soaked up. Sherlock was just finished being sensitive, even softening slightly, until John dragged his tongue over and around the head of his penis. He dropped his mouth down over it and pushed his hands up under his tee shirt to manipulate his nipples flesh to flesh. Less than ten minutes later, he was shooting the remnants of his seminal fluid into John's mouth, begging him, but unable to distinguish if it was to stop before he hated himself or to never stop because his mouth was perfect.
Shaking his head, John smiled fondly as he saw the door shut, he knew it was foolish but it was almost like having a mother around sometimes. Most people would probably find it irritating, but John never did, he found it rather lovely and he always thought about the time before he lived here. The main thing he thought about was how glad he was that Sherlock had someone to look out for him even then. Although Sherlock Holmes was a great man and a genius at the least, he did seem to be incapable of taking care of his transport for extended periods. If it wasn’t for his brother, his landlady and a few good friends, John was sure Sherlock would have perished long ago from malnutrition, dehydration or some other self inflicted state. Rolling his eyes at the thought of Sherlock’s inability to survive like the rest of the human race, John headed upstairs with the tray in hand, pausing briefly to calm his sudden nerves as their boiled up in the pit of his stomach before knocking on Sherlock’s door. This, this right here was the start of something new.  John just hoped more than anything that as the day went on it would show whether or not they could make a whole new chapter of their relationship work or whether it would all come crumbling down around them.
That night, Sherlock didn’t sleep for the longest time, he was simply staring at the man who snored ever so quietly beside him. Love. John had said the word ‘love’. To most people this would mean nothing, they would simply attribute it to the amount of alcohol John had consumed and leave it at that. For some reason however, Sherlock couldn’t let it go. The way John had said it was so casual,  as though he had said it a hundred times before and it had become an effortless part of his vocabulary. His tone had been so soft, so caring, so… John. Looking over up at John’s sleeping face, Sherlock felt himself smile a little, just a slight tug at the corner of his lips. It was nice to see the other man relaxed from time to time. What was this tug he felt in his chest? The smile faded and he looked down curiously, it didn’t feel like a health complication, nor did it feel like a physical sensation at all… yet there it was. A small and subtle tug directly from the center of his chest. Then, it was gone. Deciding that sleep was the best option, Sherlock tried to relax however he couldn’t seem to get comfortable with his mind racing. Sighing, he went to get up but was pulled closer to John for his efforts. The next thing he knew his face was pulled up against John’s chest and the doctor was mumbling in his sleep. Normally such an incident would have caused Sherlock to throw the other person off of him but… this was John after all. How could he do such a thing? Carefully, Sherlock readjusted himself while hoping not to set off John’s apparent constricting response to movement before he fell asleep with his own arms wrapped lightly around his blogger.
After a good cup of tea and a healthy dose of crap telly, things were far more relaxed in 221b Baker street. John was sat comfortably on one end of the sofa, his jumper protecting him from the slight chill that always seemed to run through the flat. He was convinced that as lovely as the fireplace was, it was the cause of some of their coldest nights meaning it was also the reason for their heating bill skyrocketing in the winter. Every so often, he glanced over at Sherlock, just keeping an eye on the other man as though while he wasn’t looking, he may disappear or something just as ludicrous. How would they start this? Where would they go from here? Shaking his head slightly, John knew that if he simply sat here, they would never go anywhere, so he shifted over to Sherlock’s side  of the sofa and lightly elbowed him, “So, I was thinking, how about a date this weekend?” He tried to pull off the question with some form of casualness and confidence, despite the fact that for some reason, it felt like his heart was beating out of his chest at the very question. It was foolish, he knew that, but it wasn’t as though he cared. This was Sherlock bloody Holmes, a man who can make women and men alike swoon with a look, for someone like John, he still did the same only it was ten times stronger.
I was very enthusiastic to continue the story so here is the next chapter. Hope you enjoyed BAMF!John  :)
John stood there for a moment, trying to figure out exactly what game Sherlock was playing at. It didn’t take long for him to realise however that Sherlock was hardly in the mindset to play games, anyone who knew the detective could tell that when it came down to certain topics, he was far less likely to joke around. “Well if that’s the case, how about we go back to the bedroom?” he suggested.
After a long while. Sherlock found himself waking up, groaning as he attempted to open his eyes and was blinded by the light that leaked into the room. He went to burrow his face into his pillow but was briefly startled to find himself burrowing into something warm and squishy instead. Breathing in, he suddenly remembered he had gone to bed with John last night and he went to back away a little, embarrassed by his own forgetfulness. Apparently John was having none of it however because as soon as he went to move away, the army-man’s pulled him back in, “Running away already?” came the husky morning voice just above him. The sound of John’s voice in the morning… it made him shudder slightly but not in a bad way.
When they had finally gotten the opportunity to sit themselves down, Sherlock found himself realizing that all of this would change their dynamics immensely. How would they now respond to each other? Would they have to speak differently? Would he have to use endeerements and sweet talk? It was all a lot to process and before he knew it, John was talking to him and had at some point come to rest right beside him. Bringing himself back to reality, Sherlock knew what John would have asked as per usual, “Yes that would be nice” he commented, trying to look easy as he put himself in what most people would see to be a comfortable position. The moment he looked up at John however, he knew that the other was not fooled.
“For God’s sake John this is tedious! Either kiss me or don’t but for the love of all things Holy, quit this nervous behaviour! You can shag every woman you pull back here on a drunken night out but apparently you are entirely incapable of making a relationship with me the least bit intimate without some constant stream of consent? Is that it? Do I have to approve everything and sit back like some inexperienced chi-...” The next thing Sherlock knew was that he was laying on his back on the sofa, John was straddled over the top of him, hands rested on the sofa either side of his head. Stunned, Sherlock couldn’t even bring himself to speak before John leant down and claimed his lips. The kiss was more than just a kiss, it was like he was being claimed. John’s lips were firm and strong against his own and the way he had moved with such confidence had left Sherlock pliant below him. Moments went by before Sherlock had the ability to bring himself back from the various reaches of his mind, when he did however, he moved himself a little and managed to reach up and wrap his arms around John, pulling him closer. The feeling surging through him was electrifying, it made all of his nerves tingle and as quickly as it had started, John pulled back and smiled down at him.
still remained firmly in place, nearly choking him and pounding in his chest, but in a strangely positive fashion despite the discomfort. Then, John did the thing he always did, the thing that made these feelings surge. He explained. "It was cute and spontaneous but... it lacked..." he gesticulated for a moment, searching for the correct word, "passion."
"You're not helping," Sherlock scolded with a grim countenance as he knew his own scolding from John was imminent. Willa looked him square in the eyes for a moment, the room utterly silent, before reaching up and gently squeezing Sherlock's nose between her little thumb and forefinger.
"I think, erm... I think will go in after all. Sorry, you'll be bored, Sherlock. Perhaps it'll help you finish quickly." John then fled everything, unable to stop thinking about how very...
"This way," John puffed with his own effort not to meet Sherlock's up and down motions with his own, "You'll come all over your own shirt instead of mine. It probably costs more than everything I have on, including the pants."
"I know what you mean," Sherlock agreed as Jess rejoined them, overhearing the last bit because she immediately knew of whom they were talking. All the women and Sherlock then began giggling. John recognized it as distinctly a crime scene giggle, and not an affectation of his role. John's eyes went wide in surprise and a bit of embarrassment. Sherlock was talking of his older, and more times than not, achy body being ideal and everyone was agreeing with him.
There was a bit of a fumble, of the scraping of shoe against upholstery as Sherlock quickly gathered his gangly limbs into the back seat. John watched him a moment, dodging said limbs before sighing and opening the car door to get out and walk the three or four steps to the back door from which Sherlock's long, expensively shod feet spilled when it was opened. He quickly pulled them in, gathering himself back against the opposite side. John crawled between sharply jointed knees, looking every bit the predator he was and, with one knee between Sherlock's thighs and his right foot on the floor, he pushed both of Sherlock's arms above his head, easily looping the metal cuffs through the fixed handle there and clasping the bracelets about both bony wrists.
"Highly possible, yes. What actually happened? Probably not." Sherlock then launched into a detailed explanation about specific elements of the photos, the former and most recent side by side as the others were whilst he pulled out his phone, took a snap of them, and began texting Lestrade. "Conclusion," he said when he finally took another breath, "she was murdered."
The pictures, when activated with the small remote he'd made sure John possessed, were repetitively moving digital renderings of the things that took place in Sherlock's brain from the left, right, back, and top, when he thought the word 'Magpie' after meditating. The colours that bloomed were all indicative of the hormones associated with actual love, not just infatuation or lust. The long paper was the printout from the heart monitor he'd had attached to himself to record yet more information. He recited the digits of Pi as his meditative focus until he heard the audio cue, provided through a recording of John saying it, played by Molly Hooper.
Sherlock had already solved the case, but he damn sure was going to indulge this one time. Perhaps if he got a bit of it out of his system through the veil of their disguises, it would be easier for him to release all of the unwelcome thoughts into the ether, never to burden him again.
"Look at me," he commanded. Everyone present did so, though John's eyes went back and forth between Sherlock and the nearly newborn lightly wrapped in a towel and hanging from her, the head still inside. It was imperative he not handle her too much lest she take a breath before her airways were clear of the birth canal. "I trust very few people in this world, especially with my most intimate aspects, but I trust John Watson with all of my heart and, if there is such a thing, soul. He always gives his best effort even when a tenth of it is more than adequate. He could do this in his sleep with one hand tied behind his back but he is fully present, aware, and more than competent. I believe in John Watson."
"Stop it," Sherlock's voice was low in his left ear. "You were doing what you knew of as being right."
"Grandmummy! Grandfather!" she bellowed at least three times until she reached them, both reaching out to receive her. She ran into Sherlock's mother's arms and was lifted into the tightly layered embrace of both grandparents.
Marceline McDonald was everything her name suggested and then some. She was tall and slim and pale and smoked Lucky Strikes with a sinful mouth almost always painted crimson to match her finger and toe nails. She died her ginger hair black and always sported a severe bob. Whenever it seemed she would get clocked for rebellious behaviour, she would almost nonchalantly excel with any task put to her. It would anger a handful, but fascinate the rest, including one young John Hamish Watson. He was quietly obsessed with her, putting up a front as most of his mates did about which body parts they would give up just to shag her. He wasn't interested in just sex, however prominent the subject was in his mind.
Two large metal mixing bowls, one empty, the other filled with boiling water, and a wickedly sharp utility knife were brought in. The placenta was put in the empty one, the knife cleansed in the other, used immediately to sever the cord close to the source as she happily nursed with no obvious problems. Her husband and the ambulance arrived at the same time, and everyone saw the family off at the front entrance, Sherlock practically holding up his drained pseudo fiancé.
"Kissing scenes from all of those terrible films you and Mrs. Hudson watch. I was going to determine your response to different techniques so I could determine how best to-" But then John was kissing
"What... erm..." John's gaze went past the table top to the worktop by their sink as Sherlock stood expectantly at his left elbow. He cleared his throat, then started again. "What was the plan?"
They took their time with the tea, going over plans of action, playfully arguing over some of John's phrasing in some of his blog entries or whether or not they were going to return the gorgeous and expensive full dining set or give it to Mrs. Hudson to help replace all the dishes of hers lost or otherwise contaminated. They took turns with long, hot showers John coming out from his to an impeccably dressed Sherlock and what could only be his clothes laid out. Only they were a brand new Navy blue button up with pearled buttons and a pair of the most comfortable dark denim jeans he'd ever experienced, though a bit snug-fitting.
"You can't even understand what I'm saying." It was satisfying that he'd only to give Sherlock a warning look and the raven-haired man complied nearly immediately. Only this time he had to kick Sherlock under the table after the second attempt. John had gone to a voice to text translator on his mobile. It didn't quite understand, but the general idea was that Sherlock apologised for her designs being unworthy. "Al
"Good morning! I didn't know what to get so I got a bit of everything I know you like. In you go, John, so that you can get started. With a few more drops of breath freshener, John had circumnavigated the bed in order to kiss Sherlock soundly. He'd been sampling something smoked and glazed and he was delicious. John slipped into the bed from that side and moved over to make room. Sherlock spooned and forked things onto a rather large plate and placed it on a tray along with flatware and a linen napkin retrieved from a shelf underneath. "This is better fare than what the others are getting," Sherlock explained, handing John the tray and carefully joining him again. His thigh, cooled by the air as it slid against John's tickled slightly. "There's a caterer amongst your old classmates who insisted on contributing their efforts toward the meals, but the hotel's food is much better. Especially ours."
"Sorry," he said, pushing off his fine shoes, even using his long toes to remove his own socks.  "Pigs are actually as clever, if not cleverer than dogs," he said, words nervously speeding up the closer he got to his being completely bottomless. He nervously attempted to go into a lengthy explanation about animal behaviours humans also exhibited, which, according to him wasn't actually that interesting since Humans were also basically animals, and was momentarily cut off by John just going for it in his attempt at his first ever blow job. Apparently his thought became a bit more basic and random, but when he got to the bit wondering about if Mrs. Hudson would allow them to keep a few pigs on the roof of the building, he was kissed thoroughly when John suddenly reappeared over his face.
bullet wound alone. It looked like a tiny meteor crater, the flesh around it pushed up and out of the very pink center by the impact. But now wasn't the time for detailed exploration. Sherlock put a pin in it, after spending a moment unabashedly tasting it. He then spent long minutes on his delectable neck and chest, getting the exact right pressure and swipe to make John groan in blatantly building pleasure.
"Fifth and last," she swore. "Any minute now. But I couldn't miss out on this. Johnny, my eldest, is actually attending our old Alma Mater next year."
Sherlock Holmes had engaged in sex on numerous occasions before his temple's re-dedication to The Work. He knew the mechanics of it, the chemistry involved. He knew what love was on a scientific, familial, and platonic level. He understood many more pop references than he let on simply because it was fun to watch people think they were teaching him something. There was a theory about when love set into a relationship, though technically it was more of a habit, an addiction of sorts where one's brain reacted positively with every dose, despite whether or not it was healthy. Wanting to have sex with his attractive, kind, slightly dangerous flatmate despite the platonic status of their relationship and John's oft-declared heterosexuality, was healthy. The nearly overwhelming urge to spend the rest of his existence physically, mentally, and legally attached to only him was not, as far as Sherlock was concerned. He hadn't any idea what prompted any of it, but perhaps admitting it in a ridiculous manner would take the wind out of his sails, so to speak.
"I'm all set," Sherlock said with one of his rather enigmatic smirks. "Alright. What works best is a sort of massaging motion, similar to tickling. I'm going to skip the usual foreplay."
So when Sherlock committed suicide, John witnessed his own breaking this time, felt everything, strangely, even more keenly than when he was shot, as he was mostly in a drug-induced state in those early days. But there were no proper medications to dull the pain of Sherlock's absence, and still his mother's voice sounded off. But then, there was another, smaller one. It whispered and teased with unclear motive and strangely pronounced words. He practically ran back to his therapist, just
"Take care of what?" Sherlock reached between them and squeezed gently, ratcheting John's erection from somewhat intense to extreme.
"What? Wait! No! No this isn't part of the experiment." But John was already convinced it was. Also Sherlock was lying a bit, but only because he was already upset and wouldn't have listened to the logical explanation until calming anyway.
"If the sausage fits, eh?" John mouthed his way down Sherlock's torso in a slow zig-zag pattern. Sherlock made a very convincing pig noise to which John looked up from his waist and responded, "Don't... don't do that."
"Not to mention there are options such as surrogacy and adoption available to couples like ourselves and my parents are quite looking forward to our slowing down enough with our wildly successful business in order to consider the options. John, I'm bored." Sherlock stormed off as usual, the only difference being he pulled John along with him by the hand instead of just walking a bit slower in order to allow him to catch up. The latter man overheard the child's mother scolding Mick for whatever he said to obviously offend them. They went in the direction of the head organizer to let her know they were opting for an early cab back to the hotel, as they had plans to take advantage of the place's amenities. She winked at them and Sherlock worked his taxi-hailing magic, where it was as if one was on call exclusively for him, as they slightly swung their joined hands between them.
“Oh you know dear, same thing different day. How are you? I see you’ve made quite the breakfast” she commented, smiling away as she always did.
“Yes of course, it’s under the fungus research pages to the left” Sherlock called back from the kitchen, knowing John would otherwise destroy his system in his search. John sighed and rolled his eyes, even though he knew no one would see him. ‘Of course it’s under that…’ he thought with the usual feeling of fondness. Although Sherlock tended to drive him crazy with all of the weird things he brought in to the flat, at the end of the day, John wouldn’t have it any other way. Well… maybe he could do without the body parts in the fridge but that was a whole different thing. Grabbing the laptop, John plopped himself back in his chair and got to work, looking through his emails and filtering through all of the backed up cases waiting there. There was a system, he would put all of the simple ones rated a 1-4  aside for when Sherlock needed a quick fix, the ones that seemed to be a 5-7  he would leave marked as unread and anything 8+ he would pin and get Sherlock to read. It was tedious but at the end of the day it worked well
"Yeah," was all John could say. Because he was thinking that he, for some reason, did find the whole tableau of an aroused Sherlock in particular, extremely attractive, perhaps more attractive than he'd ever found anything in his entire life. The ways in which this was problematic were covered in the thick sludge of alcoholic arousal, desire seeping into any exposed crevice.
"Sherlock..." John was frowning sympathetically and, it seemed, Sherlock's reactions to his visual emotions were amplified as well. This. Sucked. Then, the worst part. "Please," he begged and Sherlock's usually genius brain was flooded with images of him doing so in different situations.
"How do you mean?" Damn his inquisitive mind sometimes. He wanted to enjoy what John was doing but had to engage.
"Am I not good looking enough for you yet?" John teased, just as Sherlock was lifting his collar and wrapping a strip of black material around the back of John's neck over it. Sherlock stopped dead still and stared into his eyes assessingly.
heart out there, afraid of rejection, which understandably happened at first for short moments. Sherlock had begun to find redemption through allowing John to help nurse him back to health, rage against him when he needed to, hours alone just... talking. Even then, there wasn't the complete safety he felt now, in his arms, the total comfort he found in his body and, if there was such a thing, soul. He couldn't remember the last time he wept like that, even as a child. All that went through his mind in five seconds instead of the pre-fall three. It was loads better than the ten it took him when he first arrived back in London, then home to Baker Street.
"Mm." Was all the response he was getting for the moment, accompanied with what was unmistakably, regardless of the extreme subtly of it all, a snuggle into his back.
"How would you keep me from shooting down your throat?" That seemed to help. A lot. Sherlock laid back hard enough that, but for the thin, mat-like cushion he would have given himself a concussion.
"Yes," Greg confirmed as if he hadn't heard the consulting nervous wreck. "This world. Now-" And just like that, their true feelings for each other were confirmed. It was an odd, floating feeling, now that the pressure of the big reveal was gone. John finally drew a breath and would have fallen over if he hadn't caught himself. Sherlock still kept his distance but took one step closer. John looked up into iridescent eyes that were searching his soul and filling unexpectedly.
"If it wasn't for love, we wouldn't have found each other. We wouldn't have this, now. I would never not want this. Truth be told, I never thought I could have it. Especially after Mary." They gazed at each other and Sherlock pressed his lips to John's forehead and held him closely for a moment. "I suppose this means I owe love a debt, if for no other reason than it keeps us in business." John closed his eyes and sighed, awash once again in that brilliant combination of irritation and pure love that permeated every aspect of their relationship. He went on his way with a light smack to Sherlock's backside, as his husband-to-be went to deal with the little one so John could wash and dress.
"Because people don't get married for science, Sherlock. Now I've always dreamed of a huge political arrangement like my ancestors used to have," Sherlock couldn't help the briefest of smiles at the jest before sitting up to lean his elbows on his pyjama-clad knees, "but, in this day and age, it isn't really a thing anymore."
"Don't make any plans between activities tomorrow," Sherlock mentioned. "There's an official brunch, but we won't be attending. We will instead order room service. A bit of brekkie in bed for the lovers." He briefly waggled his eyebrows in a cheeky manner to match the tone used in the last sentence and John grinned, now sipping his own water as he finally experienced the opulence of the bed as he usually did things, side by side with his best mate.
As they lay together, at last drained and bathed in their excretions and emissions, John found himself exhausted, and not just because of their activities. It was full dark and he wasn't aware how much time had passed other than it had to have been several hours. He was sore in places he had little familiarity with being so, and aching pleasantly in others. It wasn't just physical, however. No matter what happened after this moment, everything negative in his life right then was gone. He bore no burdens, had no fears, wanted for nothing. The way Sherlock lay drowsing in his arms as John stroked his temple with the fingertips of his right hand spoke of his experiencing something similar.
"We only... When I came back from fetching the whisky you were asleep." Sherlock's bodily functions froze at that. "I just... I went to let you out of-of the... restraints and you..."
"That I love you." It just came out. He tried to stare down at his mouth, confused with the confession, though he hadn't any idea when it was going to be said anyway.
"For fuck's sake," he mumbled, reaching around Sherlock to retrieve the utensil himself. Sherlock got a good whiff of his hair, then and nearly fled. Instead he made his way around to the the other side of the table and sat in the empty chair there. John's eyes followed him a moment before turning back to what he was presently doing, which was getting the lid and plastic seal off of a container of plain Greek yoghurt. He spooned several heaps into the blender and topped everything off with a small container of coconut water. Sherlock had something to say about the brand used that he couldn't quite recall, as his mind was working independently of his mouth because John had vigorously stirred the container's contents, muscles in his back flexing, backside... jiggling with his movements...
John smiled a little more genuinely, “You’re welcome. I’ll uh… I’ll see you downstairs” he said before backing out of the room and heading off. He knew he would be analysed for it but that didn’t matter. All that mattered was that he got his head together. It seemed strange to him, the fact that what Sherlock said had stung, the fact that when he went in, the first thing he wanted to do was say good morning, hand Sherlock his breakfast and kiss his forehead. He knew it wasn’t an option just yet but that little though was enough to bring the smile back to his face. He knew it was a while away yet, but he couldn’t wait to build something real with this man, this crazy detective… his crazy detective. Heading to his room, John pulled on his shirt, the buttons were a bit more difficult to do up that they used to be but he would worry about that later. The beige jumper was his warm and cozy choice for today, followed by a pair of comfortable jeans. He knew he should probably dress up, but even if he did, he knew he would look foolish in fancy clothes that didn’t fit, plus there was very little point in trying to impress the great Sherlock Holmes, he would be ripped to shreds in seconds. That was going to be the hardest part about all of this, what would John do that could possibly impress such a man, after all, he hadn’t been with a man since the was in the army, even that wouldn’t have helped him now. Shaking those thoughts away, John headed into the bathroom to freshen up before going to his usual place in the living room and settling down with his laptop to go through the emails and case files he had been sent. Since it was a date day, he decided that this case needed to be at least an 8 to make it worthwhile. ‘Bingo’ he though, scanning through the topmost file.
"It does at that," Sherlock agreed, peppering his jaw with little presses of the lips. "But, no. Just..." He pulled them upright again, panting a bit. "There's no time to do anything properly right now. We have to go slowly."
"Call this lawyer. Tell him Sherlock Holmes sent you and to look into the nurse with him in the operating theatre. If it's a Nurse Peters he'll know what to do. You all will be well compensated, no matter what. She'll have enough to fill a lovely house with children and send them all to the best schools. Kingsbury does well, but there's also Harrow..." Sherlock raised an eyebrow and john barely kept a straight face at the last comment.
"I need you," he said. "Inside of me. God, John!" The way Sherlock said his name as he maneuvered the bedclothes out from under them, made it so John didn't realize they were quite suddenly naked. Sherlock had apparently been preparing himself the whole time, fervently kissing him as he was held close. John smeared a bit of the magically appearing lube onto his fingers in order to stroke his lover as he finished up, then was yanked onto him, pressing as much of their skin together as possible. His body made undulating motions, designed to keep them wet and on edge for hours, but knew John could only take a few minutes before he reached a dexterous hand down between them to guide John in.
so. During their practice exploration of the kissing part of their 'relationship' within the confines of their own home, John discovered a particular sound Sherlock would make. It was extremely light despite being low and way in the back of his throat. One would miss it if one wasn't looking for it or hadn't been repeatedly exposed to the phenomenon. It was similar to a very short purr and indicated that Sherlock had an erection.
Finally he'd let slip that John needed to put something more on and all hell broke loose. He gave Sherlock that unreadable side look, the one that fooled the amateur into thinking he was contemplating something. Sherlock knew he'd already thought of something by the time it came across his face. It also meant Sherlock was in trouble.
"You laugh," actually they both did at the moment, "but it's not far from the truth. Seeing you impassioned ... gets me going."
"But I wanted to keep a piece of you for myself, even if no one else knew it was. I knew you wouldn't have room for a... a child, that we wouldn't be safe in the same place all the time. So I left Baker Street. I hadn't any idea what to tell Mrs. Hudson but apparently you'd sorted that already. It was unsafe for us to stay. So, I wasn't trying to hide from Mycroft alone. I just knew if Mycroft knew anything about my whereabouts everything would come to light and I wouldn't be able to protect even this last bit of you." John's hand wanted badly to go to Sherlock's face. It was more careworn, his heart light damaged a bit from things John imagined he suffered while away, but it was still unequivocally
"It's only Papa," she said, squirming to get away so she could climb over her Daddy in order to go to him. John reluctantly let her, heart still racing, even though he knew it was perfectly safe. He took slow breaths, calmed a lot more quickly by the sight of Willa crawling into Sherlock's lap without reservation and Sherlock, without reservation or taking his eyes off of John, accepting her as if he'd been doing it the whole time, planting a kiss among the curls he'd given the child.
"Sherlock, I can't just... try," John said softly. "You'd have to either be with me or not. I have to have-" He cut him off with another searing kiss, during which he tasted the salt of a tear he had falling. It made him kiss John harder, more deeply, because his pain was unacceptable to him in this situation. And there was the rub, wasn't it? That situations did exist in which John's pain was acceptable to him, more situations than he wanted to admit. It was the foundation of his entire scheme to bring Moriarty down.
"Whatever you want." Sherlock moved his hand over John's for a moment then left the room. John sighed then followed suit.
"Everything's tickety-boo. Hey, why don't we take up this table here so poor Margie can get off her feet."
"It's kind of what I do for a living." Another shared snicker surfaced at that, breaking the thin sheen of ice that had formed.
"No. I'm hoping. I'm hoping that you'll keep your word, because I can't imagine I'll be in a fit psychological state to stand trial for what I may do if they're threatened." John's eyes narrowed of their own accord.
"Okay," John agreed, taking his lips before he had a chance to say anything else, sucking on his tongue in a manner that made them both moan a little in response to each other.
"Not fair," Sherlock huffed. John let out an even louder groan as Sherlock panted a series of what sounded incredibly like whimpers as he licked and gnawed at the exposed flesh.
"Must have been referred by someone in the military." John stilled at that one. Sherlock attempted to return to his original position, but couldn't bring himself to close his eyes.
not the most attractive in the world by a long shot but I know how to play up my strengths and diminish my
"Well for God's sake don't apologise and stop moping. I swear you're the only idiot in the world who thinks they've taken advantage of someone else by being the more incapacitated of the two. We were both at the exact same level of faculty use when anything did happen."
"Harrow," Sherlock answered, forcing a smile. John looked at him wide-eyed for a moment, but covered it up with a light pat on Sherlock's back and another genuine smile.
"They think we're a couple anyway," Sherlock replied, focused on his screen, hopefully going through the suggested refrigerated units. He probably wasn't, though.
"I think that was a new record, Babe." They shared a chuckle and a hand squeeze until, at the same moment, they stopped in their tracks. They simultaneously turned to face the predictably shocked faces. Well, some were shocked. Others had rather smug, knowing little smiles affixed.
"Army of course," he grinned. "Her wife's over in Afghanistan now and I have to look after Kelly for her. She doesn't even know about the baby yet. She'll be heart broken."
They slept for hours, waking only for the toilet and subsequently when they absolutely had to eat. John climbed onto the bed with a search of take-away places pulled up on his phone. Sherlock feigned sleep as John softly called his name between dustings of kisses. He didn't pretend very well, as an unwitting smile appeared when John nuzzled a certain spot on his neck.
"Whatever you want, John," Sherlock said, meaning it more than anything he'd ever said in his life. This was the One, the only person who understood him if not his own self. But that was Sherlock's job, then and now more than ever. John smiled then and the damn cracked. Sherlock had the most difficult time reigning in his ardor during the kissing. He didn't want him overwhelmed with the act, but with Sherlock, with feeling him. If John felt even a fraction of what he did then he would want to lose himself in him the way Sherlock was already in him. By the time the kiss broke a second time, his shirt was pushed up, exposing a chest Sherlock had only imagined, but he still kept himself from looking anywhere but John's eyes, caressing the already taught nipples, manually mapping out the shape, size, how the skin there was different from skin somewhere else, how John's breathing changed when Sherlock stroked whatever bits at different speeds with different pressures. But he stopped altogether at the edges of the scar in John's left shoulder. He wanted to make sure that John would be concentrating on his words. "If you want me to stop, tell me to stop. It doesn't matter how far into it we are, alright?" John nodded languidly, already deeper into his own desire than he'd ever imagined. "John!" His eyes came into focus once more. "If you need me to stop, tell me."
"H-how are you not an alcoholic then? I mean, I've rarely seen you drink. The only reason you're drunk right now is because-"
"True." John had reached into the front fold of his Y-fronts, whilst Sherlock had his hands on the band of what looked like simple grey cotton boxer briefs. "Red, John?" Sherlock almost snickered. "Going bullfighting later?"
As they crouched over the corpse of an unfortunate young runaway, Sherlock brilliantly recognised it in under four minutes as an unconventional murder, not an overdose. He rattled off his findings in his usual way, stripping off his protective gloves before turning with a flourish. Only this time he said, "Come along, Darling." John followed with a nod, as he didn't even realise what had just occurred, compounding it with his own,
Finally, all Sherlock could do was take up a book he'd been reading, a German volume regarding brain chemistry, and wait for John to be finished. As he heard John exit the kitchen door and take the steps up to his room two at a time, Sherlock loudly reiterated that he would have to dress appropriately for a nightclub, emphasis on the 'No jumpers or knit ties' rule he implemented on occasion. John didn't respond, only pausing to hear him out before continuing on his way. Sherlock was pretty sure he heard John's eyes roll. He was well into his book when John came back down, Sherlock deciding to linger on his page for maximum dramatic effect when he began his tirade on all the things John would get wrong.
