"No, no, you didn't--" he cut in, at the same time Tony continued.
Starla might like flouting rules and stereotypes, but her potty break took way longer than he’d needed to get his knife out and take a leak. He slouched against the wall halfway in between till she reappeared, directing him to a flight of stairs located further down the hallway. Here, the construction shifted from metal to wood, and the hollow tread of their footsteps became spatter-edged echoes blooming up around them at every riser.
Tony caught him by the wrist, ignoring Steve's token resistance and reeling him in, back to chest, flush to his armored body.
Could he care so little for his friend and their team? Could he be so blithe as to write off the fallout or bank on it buried by shame, that he'd notch his bedpost with the shield, then bounce both it and Steve back out his bedroom door?
Unsurprisingly, the next door down also featured a piece of cutlery.
“Steve-ens…
"Ok? Sometimes, yeah. I could just really use that. I--" A flicker of defiance, of defensiveness, passed over his face, and he suddenly looked lifeless and drained, like a flash fire that had burned away all its fuel.
He didn't, he didn't want this anymore...
She crowded back into him, dropping her head backward in a dangling trust fall onto his shoulder. Her gel-pieced hair brushed scratchy-soft above his collar, and her long inhale at his pulse point felt like air sucking out of his own lungs. The door clicked open and she left him with a teasing scrape of teeth at the corner of his jaw, pushing off and righting herself in a snapping arc that ground her ass against his groin, steadied on his hands like the dip and raise of an impromptu pas de deux.
The second was a more irregular pattern of bright primary and secondary-colored bars and stripes, overlapping and crossing at many angles on a background of midnight blue. To Steve, even with the abstract composition, it conveyed all the dimensionality of classical chiaroscuro in textile form. Tony said it reminded him of the combined colors of all the Avengers in battle, running, leaping, and soaring, and that settled it.
Tony let him slip free of his mouth, rose to his knees with a moan, and shoved a hand down to the tented-out crotch of his pants, digging in with the heel, and palming himself roughly.
And his voice was maybe just a little husky.
at the table in back, and then you write a check to the Foundation for every penny I was worth.”
," Mr. Bassat returned, repeating back what Steve thought was the same word, but with a notably differing inflection, and, eyeing Tony mock-sternly, chided in his own softly lilting and precisely enunciated English, "your accent is as abominable as ever."
Still spinning high, jangling and fizzing with aftershocks, Steve slumped amidst the cushions and took in the compelling scene. Tony was braced on spread knees, wearing a pleasure-pained grimace. Nostrils flaring, and gusting out a symphony of needy, wanting noises, he stroked down his chest and flanks, breaking off to tweak and tug and circle back and forth between one nipple and the other, as he rubbed himself off. Oh, he was a sight, pent up and frenetic, working himself quickly from the get-go and only getting faster from there, only now abandoning his restraint after not touching himself this entire time he'd been taking care of Steve.
Steve sobbed. "Oh, God, oh, fuck, Tony,
"Oh. Well, that's good. If Captain America promises, it must be true, right? Yeah, uh. Anyway, thanks for coming to the shop with me. I should probably..." He trailed off with a rueful half-smile and a handwave to the air, not sounding particularly reassured or relieved at all.
Steve. He needed Steve.
Steve's hips rolled, and he groaned, throwing his head back on Tony's shoulder, then forward, his body jerking and ticcing, and Tony knew he had him still trapped in his quandary, his rising pleasure battling his urge to fight free.
Tony laughed, and Steve groaned.
“...it’s you I want bending me over, and…”
Slow and steady, it stuffed him full, hot, weighty, and artificially smooth with whatever latex-equivalent the aliens offered as a sheath. A fresh wave of despair filled the cavern of Tony's chest.
In training, he had always told Steve not to hold back so much, that he could take the hits.
, Steve's treacherous thoughts supplied) disarray.
He'd swanned in just as Steve's favorite program was starting, martini in hand, swigged down the last of the drink and set the glass aside. Given a shimmy of his shoulders that swished his lavender silk robe provocatively to the floor, leaving him even more provocatively bare to the waist. Unceremoniously whipped Steve's belt off and his pants down just before Steve had himself planted in his spot on the couch. Then without a word, dropped to his knees, snuffled into Steve's groin, inhaled his dick, and... done absolutely nothing else.
If he could do it for one genius billionaire on an endless quest for redemption -- just by sheer force of belief, make Tony feel that rock-solid sense of rightness for his place in the world -- then he could do it for Tony's wire-crossed helper-bot, too.
Steve's breath was dragging in heavily, but he didn't answer. The response of his body was answer enough. In fact, Tony wanted to see more. He turned a drone toward Steve's front, and switched his vision to split-view. Steve's mouth was pursed tight, teeth digging into his lower lip, and nostrils flaring.
“Only if you think you can take me,” he challenged right back. This was a chance of a lifetime, and like hell was he going to walk away from it.
"Fine. Point established. You have no scruples. But so help me, Stark, do not touch me with that abomination. Keep it away, off me, out of me, I want nothing to do with it."
“That’s them. Where did they go?” The urgency in her voice was rising.
Tony and Nebula try to get back to Earth
Tony instantly recognised Steve’s symptoms. Panic attacks were a regular foe of Tony’s. He knew exactly how painful they could be, especially when you’re dealing with them alone. He chased after Steve outside, who was surprisingly quick despite the fact he was stumbling.
“I know Steve, that’s just who you are, and I respect that. But I don’t like the idea of you being out there on your own. Remember you’re still a war criminal.”
“You forced my hand Tony, you have me no choice”
There is going to be a proper Stony reunion next chapter, I'm so excited to see how the Russo's pull it of in Endgame.
“I’m tempted, but I’m going to stick around here a while, shoot some targets, you know. I may even check up on some old associates from Japan”
“Rogers”
“So, he really is a raccoon. I have always just called him rodent or rat.”
“That’s one way to put it.” Nebula countered.
Tony knew Bruce and Rhodey were right. They had his best interests in heart. But Tony was determined to keep his distance from Steve for as long as it took. He just wasn’t expecting his streak to be over so quickly.
“Umm, hi. My name is Jenny. Umm… since that day, all I have left is my 7-year-old brother, Danny. In the last 2 months my life has been turned upside down. I had just graduated from University, making plans for the fall. All happy go lucky and innocent. But then, I lost my parents, my friends, I lost my entire life in one day.” She sighed as a tear fell from her eye. The entire room was silent, all except for a soft scuffling sound at the back of the room. But no one was paying attention to that. “I just feel so alone. Danny is all I have left, but he is only 7. He doesn’t understand what has happened. He cries every night for our parents, and it breaks my heart as I can’t explain to him why they have gone. That’s the worst part. The not knowing, none of us know what even caused this. How am I meant to tell a 7-year-old that our parents…?" She was unable to finish her sentence.
“Gamora was all I had. You saw her friends vanish back on Titan. Except for that talking rat and tree but I have no idea where they went.”
“So, are you really ready to give up?” Nebula questioned, “are you not even going to try to fight to get your kid back?”
“Well, that’s his decision” Tony huffed
Pepper turned to look towards Nebula. She hadn’t even realized she was there until then.
“Of course, what have you been waiting for? Let the others know” Steve yelled back. He turned to Nat, “Lets go” he simply said still unsure what to make of the familiar face that had arrived.
Steve couldn’t keep it together, he could feel his breath becoming short and grasping. He could hear someone speaking in the background, but he didn’t care to listen to them. He had to get out of there. Every second in the room we found it hard to breath. He stood up, the entire room began to spin, he felt as if he was going to vomit. He moved towards the door as fast as he could, stumbling along the way. He somehow found it way outside, meeting a strong blast of cool air. He continued to stumble about, trying to make sense of his surroundings. But the spinning only got worst. He collapsed on the sidewalk in a trembling, sweaty mess, struggling to breathe. He had no idea what was happening to him, in that moment he honestly thought he was dying.
I'm so excited to see Steve and Tony interact with each other in Endgame! I keep forgetting the Avengers actually have to fight Thanos in the end. There is just so many sub plots to wrap up.
Nebula nodded, she was quite difficult for Tony to read. She was closed off and distant, yet Tony got the feeling that Thanos played a large part in that.
“Yes, I have heard about your suit. Is that what powers it? Pym Particles?”
“I’m not giving up, you know me better than that. It’s just… Thor was right. Staying here will not help anyone. Being here, it brings up a lot of memories. Painful memories. I… I can’t…” He sighed. “There are millions who need help out there, I have to at least try to give some sort of help to them.”
Steve stopped yelling back. For the first time on the roof top they both looked straight in the eye of the other.
He felt Bruce and Rhodey drag him along the lawn, he hadn’t realized how weak he had felt until then as he struggled along the path. He had to look up and around to gain his bearings but that’s when he saw him. Both staring at the other for the first time in 2 years. He looked to Tony as if he hadn’t had a decent sleep in forever. His eyes were heavy, and his skin was pale and gaunt. Although Tony guessed he looked even worse than Steve did.
“Why are you going on at me to extend the olive branch? Why aren’t you badgering him?”
Bruce gave her a nod as she followed them, observing the surroundings on the foreign planet.
(See the end of the chapter for
“THAT DOES CHANGE THE FACT HE KILLED MY MOTHER! YET YOU PROTECTED HIM. YOU DIDN’T JUST BETRAY ME, YOU BETRAYED MY FAMILY, MY FATHER!”
After Natasha had finished informing Scott on the situation, he simply said one word -
“Thanos killed her alright!”
“No, No its fine. I understand what you meant” Steve answered despite inside he was feeling the guilt weigh down on him. Steve did blame himself for the snap. He would often think about how he could have done more. How he should have done more.
“What the hell happened here?” Scott yelled clearly confused looking towards Steve.
“Possibly, or it could be Thanos back for round 2”
It had been another sleepless night for the Avengers. Scott had returned earlier the next day after finding a pile of dust in his daughters’ bedroom. Everyone was still so lost and had no idea what to do.
“She’s okay, she is staying in your mansion. F.R.I.D.A.Y has probably already alerted her that your alive. She’ll be on her way here as we speak.”
He turned over in his bed. It had been weeks, years even since he had had a decent nights sleep. Before the snap he used to lie awake haunted by the look on Tony's face that night in Siberia. How his actions had resulted in his friends having to go underground into hiding. Now he had the heavy weight of the snap on his conscious.
But that up there,
“We were brought together to avenge the earth. Well, that’s exactly what we are going to do. Are you with me?”
The Avengers walked across the lawn watching the battered ship land on the air strip. A million thoughts were rushing through Steve’s head it was overwhelming. What if it was Tony? What state would me be in? How will he react to seeing him again after 2 years? What should I even say to him? What if it isn’t even Tony on the ship? It could be an attack.
“It’s not that simple Bruce”
“It’s a good thing I did or else you would have found yourself in the RAFT within the first week of being on the run.”
"The panic in his voice haunts me during the day. Then at night i see him falling to the ground calling my name. I try to reach him, to help him, even hold him. But every time i get close, he vanishes, and i'm powerless to stop it."
“Captain Rogers, I have found a message for you in my archives, would you like me to play it to you?” boomed the AI.
“Not that it’s your fault or anything. That’s not at all what I was implying. No, its not anyone fault at all…”
Cecilia began to offer Jenny words on support and encouragement. But Steve wasn’t listening. He realised how much of a mistake it was coming here. How could he sit there and listen to the people stories, when fully knowing he was part of the reason the world was in this situation? He couldn’t give a logical reason for why the disaster had occur without sounding like a lunatic. He figured the least he could do what try. Try and explain.
“Didn’t you mention before that you made that suit yourself?”
And there it was. Steve was waiting for Tony to let out the first blow.
Scott was surprised by the man’s knowledge. “Yes, Hank discovered the only way to enter the realm was through the tunnel or Pym particles to shrink to a subatomic level.”
She gave him a small nod
Steve and Natasha re-entered the Avengers facility. It felt ghostly walking through the building. Even though it had been two years since he had probably been inside in its prime, it still felt… unnatural. Before, the building was full of life. Employees rushing about. Scientists and important looking agents patrolling the corridors. But now it was a ghost town. It was silent and desolate. The entire building made Steve feel even more alone. It became a constant reminder of all that they had lost.
“You just said…” He voice was rising once again
“Ok, you better come with us too err…”
Tony wasn’t expecting Steve to give up so quickly. “Luckier?” Tony questioned “You’re wrong about that Rogers.” Steve stopped in his tracks.
The next few weeks had been tough for Steve. He had moved into the city where everyday was chaos and a struggle. He spent his days trying to help anyone who needed it. Most recently he had taken to helping clear abandoned cars from the main roads to help the food supply trucks get in more easily.
Nat saw the brief glimmer of hope in Steve's eyes vanish.
“He said they went somewhere with Thor to make a weapon to kill Thanos. If that is true and they succeeded in making it then Thor would have gone to Earth to get help. Your friends may have gone with them.”
"Tony?" Steve's voice wavered as he asked.
Without another word he left. Leaving Tony standing there on the rooftop alone with his thoughts and holding back the tears.
She gave a grave look towards the creature. In an instant he knew the fate of his friends.
Nebula just nodded her head, not wishing to engage in the conversation. But then Pepper got up, went over to her and gave her a hug. Tony had to hold back a laugh with all his might after watching Nebula’s disgusted and uncomfortable face at the kind gesture.
How are you planning on beating that?”
“I know, but that won’t stop me worrying about you. You will always be a stubborn ass”
“You were going to kill him, I had to stop you”
“Gone”
“I didn’t do enough to protect him, I could have done more. I’m the one who recruited him, he was here because of me.”
Thor stared at the hostile raccoon. “Fine then, its just me” and just like that Thor left the building. The remaining avengers could hear him summoning the Bifrost with Stormbreaker and was gone without another word.
“Hi, err, is anyone home?” the message played. “This is Scott Lang. We met a few years ago at the airport. In Germany. I got really big.” Scott yelled to the camera.
“Calm yourself rat! They vanished… except… except for Gamora”
“Before I start can I just say, I’m truly sorry” He was looking towards Jenny. “You’re right, it isn’t fair. You should be able to tell your brother why… why it has happened. Everyone should be able to. Which… which is why I can no longer sit by with the guilt of knowing.” Tony sighed. “All this, It’s all because of me.” The entire room was Silent, the group was hanging onto every word of what Tony was saying.
“Have I gone insane, or was that just a talking raccoon?” Tony said startling Nebula. She had forgotten he was there.”
Rocket hesitated. “I may have lost all of my friends but there is no way I am going on a suicide trip, but if you want to go, be my guest. I’ll see you in the next life.”
The Avengers had faced losses before, but never any on this scale. During Ultron's attack at Sokovia they were faced with an impossible mission. Yet, despite the odds they emerged victorious. It was the same for the attack on New York back in 2012.  But this time it was different. It wasn't just because the stakes were higher, it was the team. If you could even call them that anymore. During the fight back in Wakanda, Steve felt it. He felt there was a lack of unity. Not just because of their attack style of fighting Thanos one-on-one. But because all the Avengers weren't there. The previous victories had all been achieved when the Avengers fought as one united front. But because of him, this wasn't the case. They had lost.
“I’ll be fine Nat, you taught us well”
“It’s all my fault. Whenever I try to do good in this world, it always leads to pain and death. I used to build weapons to protect the men fighting for our country. Instead they were used against them. I created a programme that was meant to protect the world. Instead it nearly destroyed the planet. I threw a nuke into a wormhole. And ever since I’ve had suffered through panic attacks. Only to find out the creature behind it all, was the one who did this to the universe. I have had to live knowing that no matter what I do, it will never be enough. I fought him, on another planet no less. I tried, I fought back the best I could, but it wasn’t enough. Now, because of my failure to stop him, I also have the blood of my team, my friends and half the universe on my hands.”
TONY’S POV
Which is why he found himself inside a hall 5 minutes before the group was to commence one evening. There was a whole range of people there, from the elderly to young adults. The thing which connected everyone was the empty looks in their eyes. The support group leader made her way over to Steve.
“Steve, you can’t just give up” Nat pleaded.
“Steve doesn’t bitch about responsibility,” Bucky replied. He pointed to Steve as he stuffed his mouth with more food. “That man is not Steve. Not the Steve I know, anyhow.” He shrugged. “Maybe he changed.”
Fuck, is he so transparent? “Bye Nat.” He disengages the connection before she can lecture him on getting too attached to the prince. She essentially already inferred that he’s too attached to all of his clientele (well, the repeat ones anyhow). Yet, he feels it’s his job to be attached, to offer succor and comfort to those fighting for their very survival. To be able to offer some sort of happiness to the prince, it seems like a small thing to sacrifice his heart for, doesn’t it? He can take a few hurts to his heart if he gives this week his all.
“Names are Wanda and Pietro Maximoff, twins,” Maria supplied and then zipped her mouth closed as Strange scowled.
. “That’s nice.”
“It just occurred to me. Every time I think about it, I feel something different, something deeper.” He sees it over and again in his head, the moment Steve dropped down to the floor. It will always be a memory seared into his head, but it’s different now. The memory is changing. Maybe Tony’s ill, maybe it’s early signs of dementia. That’s not it, and Tony knows it. It’s something different, something worse.
Steve blushes and he hates it. “No, it’s not natural. It’s deviant and cursed.”
“Then I am truly sorry.” He leaves without a further word and Steve turns back to the display.
The crowd laughs, but it is one of those uncomfortable twitters, bubbling out only to release the shared abashed emotion in the room.
“Done what?” Tony said and the lab around him disintegrated, pixelating away. All he saw was Steve and the papers strewn around the table.
“No, but I suppose we’re not anywhere else in the universe. Like we haven’t suddenly been transported to another planet,” Steve said as he stood up and looked out at the raging storm. “So maybe the test is to use the link to help the rest of the team find us.”
“Tony?”
Where Steve tries to learn a little more about the soul pack and the future. Oh and he bonds, again.
“Call me Jamison or Rhodes-.”
Blu jumps up and roars. Tony jerks and the reactor falls out of his hands. “What the fuck?”
“Steve. You never call me, Steve.” It’s wrong to bring up such a petty grievance when their whole plan is hell bent on ripping itself apart. He finds he doesn’t care. He wants to throw that out into the wind and watch it get torn into shreds by Tony.
“Really? It’s been an hour?”
“Just coffee?” Steve asks.
But yet, Yinsen wants him to feel, to care, to make a difference. He doesn't think it is possible. Everything and everyone seems so faraway. He's in the pit and he is letting it slowly and inexplicably turn him to ice.
“Well, that’s no comfort,” Steve had replied because hell he got beat up daily. His warrior instinct was strong. Yet, Bucky wasn’t an alpha and Steve had to fear for what was to come when his body grew healthy enough for a true heat and not a peri-heat that he had every few months. He could handle those himself, locked in his room for a few days. It wasn’t too bad.
“Just in case you wanted to know,” the Red Knight says. “You’re dead.”
“How about lung pain?” Bruce puts down the blood reader. “Do you want to do some pulmonary tests while you’re here?”
“Master Stark, Sheriff Rogers is here to see you about a small issue with his horse.”
“Not that I know of. He’s not due until tomorrow, right?” Happy shifted from foot to foot. “I only got animal blood, boss. I can put in another order-.”
Behind Doctor Strange an Asian fellow walked in and considered the office, the occupants, and the situation. From his expression he was unimpressed. That in and of itself ingratiated him to Steve. Strange’s companion crossed his arms over his chest, glaring at Steve. “Is this him?”
“I hope so.”
When it came to it, he couldn’t voice his fears, not in the details he needed to in order to make Rhodey understand. “Nothing. Just wanted to check in and make sure all was good, considering everything that happened today.”
Tony twisted to see the speaker mounted on the wall. He glanced down at the cell and saw Happy standing at wall phone mounted next to the cell. Happy waved to him and then pointed to the cell. Sawyer had the door of the cell open and he was speaking to the man in the cage. The man sat on the floor and refused to move. Sawyer looked up at the observation window and gave a weak smile to Tony as he gestured to the man to leave the cage. It reminded Tony of a man attempting to coax a dog to do something it didn’t want to do.
“He’s climbing the rope, and he’s gaining on us.” Tony grips him tightly. “Faster. You’re Captain America, you know.”
As he sits on the edge of the chair, Tony cards his hands through Steve’s hair, his head thrown back and his moans set Steve on fire. He strokes his own cock as he works his mouth along Tony’s erection, licking and tasting. Tony is splayed out before him. His silk pants puddled on the floor, he has his smoking jacket open, and his chest heaves.  Tony shudders as Steve slips a finger back and edges along his cleft.
“You were – you are,” Tony said as he stared up at Steve, standing over him. The glitter of the soul network haloed around Steve, giving him an almost ethereal glow.
“You too, Tony.”
She nods and gives him the room number.  Like a flash Tony takes off toward Steve’s hospital room. Rhodey is fast on his heels trying to stop him, but Tony crashes into Steve’s room like a hurricane.
He was still hunched over when he heard Steve push himself out of bed and say, "Bucky, stop."
Tony runs his fingers over the embroidered emblem and letters. “How do you know it’s my favorite.”
Except now that they discovered this lab in the archives of his father’s notes, he needed to deal with whatever hocus pocus science dear old Howard had cooked up. Tony wouldn’t have worried about it, but he knew things, found things that left an ugly trail of who and what Howard had been connected to. The Movement. It terrified him to know his father could be that ruthless, could be part of a secret conclave of men (only men) who contorted the Constitution to their own interpretation. He’d learned a respectful fear of his father early on.
“She said that to me once,” Steve whispers and this time Tony knows he’s crying. “I acted like I was, like I had nothing else to lose. Maybe that’s why I was condemned.”
Steve stops what he’s doing and focuses on Tony. “What did I say wrong?”
He glances at Bruce and then says, “That’s not it. That’s not true.”
Tony cups Steve’s cheek. “You are mine. I don’t want you to go to anyone else, ever again.”
In response, Stane bellows, “We don’t have time for your dramatics, Tony. This is far more important than your damned sense of honor or whatever the hell you want to call it! We are on the brink of annihilation.”
Tony cried. He cried until there was no more tears, until the lights outside grew weary of the day and faded away. Steve held him, kissed him, mourned with him. Steve slipped his one arm under Tony’s legs again and carried him to the bed. He didn’t leave him but cuddled against him and kept him safe and tucked in close. After a while, the crying turned to small weeping and then finally to only a whispered shiver of emotion.
“Clint, we worked together for years. For years!” Steve said and tried to prop himself up when the strain on his arms tugged and pulled.
Steve shook his head and laughed. “What was I supposed to do? Let him tuck me under his arm as he flew here? No thank you.”
When he wakes up it feels like his tongue is stuck to the roof of his mouth. He smacks his lips and groans as he rolls over. He feels like shit, and tries to remember just what happened. Images – fleeting like butterflies on the wind – flit away from him. He chases after them but they are too insubstantial to grasp. He opens his eyes but they stick like he’s been sleeping for far too long.
“That’s not nice,” Tony mumbled, but Bruce was the one to jump in and calm her.
She’d said things along those lines enough to him.
“I can’t,” Tony groans and rakes his hands through Steve’s hair again, tugging at the strands. “I can’t hold on.”
Steve picks it up and reaches for Tony’s hand, putting it in his grasp. “Need any help.”
“Game on, kitty, game on!”
“Friday is in all of the sensors in this room. Friday is my attempt at an artificial intelligence to help me. Pretty good, huh? Just in the lab and the art room, but coming along, don’t you think? Also, on my phone.” Tony smiles. It’s brilliant as the day. In the sunlight of the art room, his hair shines with chestnut highlights. His smile radiates both calm understanding and wicked intelligence. Steve licks his lips and turns away.
“Shouldn’t have attempted this. Damn foolish,” Steve says and then he thinks of Bucky and how he would do anything to save the man he calls his brother. “But Bucky.”
“Labor Day weekend,” Steve answers.
Tony squeezes his hand. “Do it quickly. I can’t hold off Ross much longer. He’s going to want to know what I’m doing in Korea.”
Stane restrains himself, his face purpling with anger, but then he inhales, holds it, then exhales. He places a hand on his large forehead, stays silent for a good minute, and then drops his hand. “You, my boy, will be the death of me. You’re very important to me, Tony. I hope you know that. I get irritated with you, so angry, but I have to say you’re our hope. If we could get you in the right position-.”
“Roger that,” Tony says but then giggles at his own joke. Steve only rolls his eyes. Tony pats Steve on the arm. “Let’s go play the happy couple now.”
“Just-.” Tony put a hand to his forehead and then closed his eyes only briefly. When he looked up at Steve all friendliness (however small) had disappeared replaced by unbridled loathing. “Just go to DC and make friends with those – those spineless bureaucrats like my father.” He huffed and looked up and down at Steve. “Captain America, huh. I thought you would be taller.” He marched out of the door, slamming it closed.
“No. No. It’s not,” Steve gulps out between the waves of pain spiking through him. If it’s all in his brain, why the hell does it hurt so much?
“He’s a vampire.”
“Like a god?”
“Yeah,” Tony says and stares out at the water and the dock. “Boats not due for another day or so.”
He forgoes the makeup and follows Tony out to the main room. In silence they both settle at the dining table to another glory of food. There’s so much it almost causes Steve to burst out crying again – his emotions too close to the surface.
Eventually he ambled back to his bedroom and his mind drifted to the idea that Steve was now in his apartment a floor down. It was a strange balancing act, both hating Steve and being his Beloved. Part of Tony yearned to learn more, to be able to ask Steve to sit and talk about what happened today or any day. Yet, he couldn’t just forget that Steve saw him as something less. If one thing irritated and annoyed Tony more than anything else it happened to be the idea that someone would think lowly of him. And now, Steve slept in his Tower in the  same apartment he’d woken up in just hours ago. He’d done this to himself – gotten his hopes up for no reason. Why? Why had he hoped?
Tony waits. Steve tries to put the pieces together for him.
“I didn’t program that in the entrance way at all,” Tony says. “That’s not from my program.”
“No, they aren’t,” Tony said.
“I’m not sure what you mean,” Tony said again, but still he tasted the bitterness of truth. For so many years he defined himself as successful through his machinations of war. The fact that he hadn’t waged the war had no bearing on the fact that he profited from it gleefully. His conscience had finally caught up with him when his own bomb blew up in his face and led him down the path of redemption. Yet he failed to remember that the path he walked remained fraught with barbs of the past. “I remember that war, you know.” He reached out and plucked a leaf from the corn stalk beyond the fencing. “I remember it. Just before I went to Afghanistan, when the arc reactor and Iron Man all happened.” He added the latter because he didn’t know how much background Thor had learned about him. “I saw the war on television, brushed it off when I looked at the sales report that we were supplying some of the sides. Hell, all of the sides.” He threw the leaf down. “You know.” He looked at Thor. “When you realize that you’re a shit it hurts, but you try and change. Really change. But then your past keeps coming back to haunt you.”
Or the past.
Steve eyes the impatient medics. “I packed up everything you need. You can finish your work in New York. This is just a precaution.”
“I was in Russia, working undercover for the V-Corps, sent to get the infamous Black Widow vampire. Let’s just say that Natasha worked a different life back then. Talk about red in her ledger. Hers was bloody and she liked it. She didn’t have a coven. She ran free.” Clint stretched out as much as possible in the confined space. “I was tasked to bring her in. To kill her. I chose another route.”
The nurse whips around to look at him. “I’m getting the hourly sample Doctor Banner requested.” She has a small plastic carrier with phlebotomy supplies in it.
“Oh, it’s not what you think,” Tony says and there’s a glint in his eyes. “I don’t know where you stowed your boy. I can guess where he might be but I don’t have jurisdiction and so, that will have to wait.”
He sounds so desperately earnest as if he needs to convince Tony for fear he might lose something. It should be endearing but all Tony thinks is – who asks questions like that? Steve’s desperate for validation as if he worries about losing something so precious and rare that he cannot handle the thought. Yet, as Steve pointed out, they’ve only been involved for three weeks and they’ve never even done the nasty.
“You have to train them, just like you would a dog. If you offer kindness, you have to remember that a dog has teeth and will rip out your throat in the night.”
“So, you say that Captain Steve Rogers through some effect of the tesseract had been transformed into a lion and survived the years-.”
He covered his face with his hands breaking their physical link. “No,” he said. Muffled. He dropped his hands. “No, we tried it already. Tony came over to my apartment when I lived in Brooklyn and we kind of tried and it didn’t work. It felt all wrong.” Cross purposes that’s the only way that Steve could describe it, as if Tony’s astral projection perfectly negated Steve’s soul. It gave him chills as he thought of it. He glanced up at her in the darkening room.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony glanced out the window of the workshop. It must be close to dawn. What the hell was he doing here anyway. He didn’t reply to Coulson.
“You don’t even know me,” Steve says but his conviction sounds weak.
Settling his conflicted emotions, Steve shook his head. “And if I bond to you and I still want to go to SHIELD?” Steve asked with his arms crossed over his chest.
“It was good, you know, to feel him accepting things,” Natasha said.
“I don’t see how you’re going to be able to get a functional one here, anyway,” Pep says and shakes out her cape. She looks like a wet bat now. He giggles. She huffs. “Oh, stop it. Are you a toddler?”
“The base is actually a fortress,” Natasha said as she pointed to it on the map. “Might have more than just low-tech defenses.”
“Then Bucky’s in for worse than we can predict,” Steve states.
“I do not know, sir, but you can ask him yourself. He has requested permission to see Doctor Banner.”
“I don’t think you have to worry about any threat, Sheriff. The rules I’m talking about are quite different than the typical rules of law.” He leans in toward Steve and there’s a certain gravity, a force behind his words, his expression that draws Steve inward, tugging  at him.
“Be right down.” Tony places the cup on the table. Of course, it’s a leader thing, nothing special about it at all. Tony’s reading too much into things like he always does when it comes to personal issues. He digs his phone out from under his pillow and texts Natasha.
“You’re safe, you’re safe now.”
Steven shakes his head. “Does it matter?” He struggles to his feet, swaying a little as he does. He puts a hand to the wall. “Is that all, my lord?”
With a gruff roar, Blu shoves away from him. He leaves the camp site with a gait that Tony’s come to know as pissed off lion strut. He wants to promise to stay, but all he can say is that he’s sorry. Night descends and Blu doesn’t return. The sounds of the wild chirp, cricket, and groan throughout the darkness. Tony crawls into the hollow of the tree after he throws another log on the fire. Blu has never left him for this long, never dismissed him, never let him fend for himself. Blu’s been his shield against the frightening aspects of nature, the terrifying truths of his circumstance. Without him, Tony has no protection, no hope of feeling safe or sleeping. He keeps the gauntlet wired to his arc reactor, maintains wakefulness as long as he can, and watches the fire. It mesmerizes but it also startles the way it throws shades and phantoms in the endless dark around him.
“Nothing, I didn’t do anything,” Tony says and turns back to the painting. He’s going to blame it on that thing in his living room. He has to have a serious conversation with Pepper.
After Steve had joined Tony in bed, they faced one another and talked – talked through to the early morning hours even though they both knew better and should have been asleep, preparing for the day. They talked about Tony’s love of racing, his glory days as a racer, and his not so glory days when he found himself drop dead drunk in the middle of a motel on the east end of The Cat’s Run while the building burned around him.
“Thought you said you don’t mind the cold,” Tony says and hesitates to start the fire.
In due time, Tony hears a clattering sound, then a clang as if metal hits metal – or more precisely as if metal alloy clanks against metal alloy. When Blu returns, he’s carrying what’s left of the suit in his mouth. He dumps it near the dead deer, huffs, and sits down.  He’s silent and watching.
“Tony likes to show off. You can turn off the effect by asking JARVIS.”
Steve gave one last glance to Tony hunched under the passenger side seat. Steve had used up the last drop of adrenalin and whatever energy supplies he’d had. Nothing was left. He was spent. He remained frozen at the wheel. He kept his hands in sight. “Is that your word or Ross’?”
Steve thinks that Tony might actually growl at him, but instead, he wraps the reins around his gloved hand and tugs the horse to follow. Steve falls in beside him and they find their way down the rocks and jagged trail.  Each and every jog and jolt hits the soreness in his shoulder, but Steve muffles his curses and keeps his pain to himself.
Maybe this isn't unfinished, maybe it's just short.
Steve doesn’t know where to look, knows he shouldn’t gaze into Tony’s eyes, that the path to ruin surely starts there. “You should listen to them.”
He submits. “Fine. Okay.”  Folding the bag over his arm he heads toward the bathroom. He’s going to be pissed if it’s some kind of disgusting outfit only meant for bedrooms. Steve affirms not to go to any luncheon dressed like he’s about to blow everyone in the place.
Jane’s sitting at a computer with Thor hanging over her shoulder. She looks up and smiles at him. “Steve! Great. You have the final proofs?”
Tony looked at Steve, cradled his jaw in his hand. “What fact?”
“No, go to bath – find meds,” she says and looks a little more wild eyed than he would like considering she’s the person he’s depending on to help the guy he was just interrogating about Steve.
“We keep it clean. You know wash it. It responds to me, let’s me clean it, shave it. Knows I don’t take any shit from it.”
“Sir, the armor has an issue with the arc reactor interface.”
Ross gives up after all evidence of Ultron disappears from the internet. The contamination of the world’s virtual highway is cured. Ross chops at the bit, wanting to control them, wanting to put them away in a prison in the middle of an ocean somewhere. It might be for another day, but the Avengers have done too much good to not forgive a mistake. There will be consequences, they all know it. But for a while, they all celebrate the little victories.
“Sorry for what?” Her eyes are motes of darkness – even with the red tinge of her demon taint.
“You want to know what indecent is, well, I just found the lube.”
"Yes, Captain. We'd like you to come with us and we'll take care of everything."
He leans into Tony and whispers, “It’s too perfect.”
“The boy seems to be begging his father to help the lion, saying the lion saved him and his sister only last week.”
“What are you doing?” Tony asks, panting.
Tony rolled his eyes. “No, actually my mother used it all the time with Howard. The bastard wasn’t always that dedicated to my mother.”
“Okay, will that be all Mister Stark.”
The Hulk screeches and the air cracks around them.
Clint greets them with a stiff wave and then goes back to working with Lila and target practice. Off in the distance Laura is preparing a meal with her two sons in the fields. She keeps asking about hot dogs, but Steve doesn’t see a grill or anywhere to cook them. The air is fresh and sweet, the temperature not to hot and with a gentle breeze. The sun blurs the edge of the horizon. It’s idyllic in a sinister way that Steve can’t put his finger on.
“From the looks of it he was probably found in 1968.”
“Wish I could do that,” he says and strokes the lion’s mane. “You are magnificent. So beautiful, gentle. I don’t know what you’ve been through but you’re one in a million.”
Tony offers him the water and Steve takes it. He doesn’t drink it, just stares at the ripples on the water’s surface as he holds it.
Tony tilts his head. “Are you okay?”
“What? That’s a weird reaction?” The bread is a level of heaven Tony never thought he’d obtain.
Tony’s hand never leaves his shoulder; in fact, it tightens his grip. “You kept secrets before Rogers, now isn’t the time. Not when we’re here. Our future depends on you. Our future, if we have one, depends on you and the truth.”
Steve froze. He knew who it was instantly. He must have been so lost in his thoughts that he hadn’t even noticed anybody was sitting out there. He didn’t know what to do or even say. He was lost for words. He slowly turned to face the man he was avoiding. He didn’t look all to bad considering not too long ago he was on the brink of death.
Natasha retold that dreaded day to Scott. As she did so everyone was reminded of everyone they had lost. Steve could see the ignorance fading away in Scott.
“Why do you hesitate? Where are they? You better tell me before I lose it!”
Tony Stark was standing awkwardly by the door, debating whether to come in or not.
Steve goes to a support group however runs into an unexpected figure
“Mr Stark!?” Cecilia said out loud to the group. Steve, who had completely missed the last 3 minutes looked up, surprised.
“Right. Where is she, I need to find her now”
“Would you have?” Steve remained silent
“No, Steve just shut up for a minute.” Steve and Bruce were both taken aback by this. “Bruce, Steve is right, you weren’t there. You left for 2 years. You didn’t even say a word, you were just gone. You don’t get to go all high and mighty on us.
“Where are they” he yelled, advancing on her with one of his own weapons he created
“DON’T YOU EVER DO THAT TO ME AGAIN! DO YOU HEAR ME?”
“Pepper look at me. I promise you that I will never ever travel into space again. I have had enough space adventures for a lifetime.”
Tony held his hand up for Steve to pull him up, “Whatever it takes.”
“You helped bring him home?”
“Let’s get this meeting started, shall we?” told the leader to the group most likely to escape her awkward encounter with Steve. Steve was used to people talking to him as if they were walking on eggshells, however this encounter did not do him any good considering where they were. Steve made his way over to a chair which had been placed in a circle.
“So, Hank managed to build a way to enter it? I had read some of his previous work way back when. He was on to some serious stuff.”
“Oh, I don’t believe this!” Steve mumbled “You’re blaming all this on me? You know Tony you can be so selfish sometimes!”
“Yeah, a pair of her friends, both massive idiots.” Tony had a surprised look on his face. “When we first ran into Quill, he mentioned that two of their members went off with Thor. One of my friends from Earth. Urgh, what were their names again? … Rocky and Grood? No…”
Tony smiled. “I have an idea” he relied with optimism.
Steve and Natasha pulled apart “Bruce, you weren’t there you don’t know how bad it was” he said
Scott returns to the compound.
This was a difficult chapter to write. I have very little ideas on how Scott got out of the quantum realm however, my best guess is a Time Vortex, but i really hope they don't focus on time travel. Let me know what you guys think.
“Oh, is that what you’d call that?”
“I see you did too, rodent”
“Oh my god Tony. You’re going to be okay now you’re back home” Rhodey told he best friend with relief. He had never expected to see Tony ever again. He took hold of one shoulder while Bruce relieved Nebula of the other.
They all had gathered in the lobby 5 minutes later. Steve and Natasha had entered to hear Scott’s confused and panicky voice.
“Oh yes, there isn’t a single person who hasn’t been affected by… by this. The least we can do is offer support to each other.”
Natasha Romanoff sat down next to Steve.
Steve sensed it was his cue to leave. He wasn’t sure what made him decide today was the day to leave. He had been thinking about doing so for a while now. More accurately ever since Tony got back from space. No one knew all the facts about his hiatus in Space. The only thing Steve knew for certain what that it had changed Tony. He had heard from Rhodey that he was more distant and emptier. He didn’t make as many snarky, sarcastic comments as before. Rhodey described it as ‘a part of him died with him in space’. Whatever had happened to Tony, Steve knew he had a lot to deal with and needed time to recover. He had to at least give him that before trying to speak to him.
“Then by all means come with me”
“Pepper” He was beyond happy. He never though he’d see her again. There were no words he could use to describe how much he missed and loved her. They just held on to each other. Until she broke away first.
“Who?” Scott said turning to her
He quickly realised no one cared anymore that he was a war criminal. Everyone was focused on banding together to help rebuild the community. It surprised Steve how in a time of universal crisis most of humanity were easily willing to unite and help each other out. Strangers where offering shelter to anyone who needed it. Food banks were set up in city centers, He even saw a few notices about support groups for anyone who wanted to talk through what had happened. Most people he met during his rounds of the city encouraged him to go saying it was a big help in progressing what had happened. Steve at first had been hesitant to go, but after relentless nightmares about Wakanda he caved and decided to give it a go.
Tony and Nebula finally make it back on Earth plus Pepperony Reunion
“Ok. How did you even make it back here?” she asked
Scott became even more shocked, he had no idea who this man was.
“I’m sorry Tony” He exhaled “I truly am”
Steve wiped away the tear which rolled down his cheek.
Neither of them where prepared for this. For the past two years Steve had been thinking about this moment. He always presumed they would have reunited just before a battle. Tony would have called him for help, he and the secret avengers would have accompanied him, and they would have slowly begun to rekindle the relationship from there. But it never crossed his mind that this is how they would come together again. After such as disastrous defeat.
He felt relieved that Rhodey and Bruce rushed Tony past Steve. He didn’t have to energy to deal with that problem at the moment. He instead focused on Pepper and the fact he was going to see her soon.
She sighed, deciding whether to tell Tony the truth. After a moment she spoke. “When Thanos traveled to different planets and wiped out half their population, he would kidnap children who had… potential. His favourite was Gamora. He would pit us against each other. When one of us failed he would replace a part of us with machinery. Let just say Gamora was the better fighter.”
“Ant-man. I know you know, I know you know that.
“It’s been two years and you’re still babysitting me on how to hide.” Steve let out a small smile.
“Yeah, well you try being hopeful to save the universe after watching the kid you were meant to protect beg for his life and then fade out of existence.” Tony snapped.
“Yeah, well we did that already and look what happened” Tony sighed.
“Tony!” she called as she rushed towards his bedside
“I didn’t force you to do shit!”
“What do you think I have been trying to do for years?!” She yelled after him.
“What are you getting at Steve?”
“Glad to be here, I’ve heard a lot about the group”
“I warned you guys aliens will stroll back on to the planet, but you all said I was crazy. Now look what’s happened.”
“…Thanos.” She said quietly
“The Quantum what now?” Steve asked, barely understanding the first part of what Scott was trying to tell them.
She could see Steve sitting outside deep in thought. That is all any of the Avengers did now. Thinking and grieving for those who vanished into dust in front of their very eyes. It had been a week since Thanos snapped half of the universe out of existence. The world was in complete chaos. Families had been separated, Children became orphans, Crime had increased, not to mention millions more were dying as a result of the immediate aftermath of the snap. The general atmosphere was still panic. No one knew what to do next. Not even the Avengers.
“Believing Pepper is getting these messages is all that is getting me through this.”
They shared a small smirk with one another, but only for a second before Tony’s wall went up again.
“Don’t you think we’ve tried? He says and I quote; ‘Tony’s been through a lot, he doesn’t need me up in his space’ Rhodey mimicked in a patriotic voice.
Tony saw the apprehension in Rhodey’s face as she said this, he turned to Tony, unsure whether she was a threat or not. Tony gave a small nod to Rhodey, informing him that she wasn’t a threat.
He stood up, “Yeah, but where’re not together, are we? The Avengers are done. We’re barely even a team now.” Steve could hear Tony’s voice rising.
She nodded. Tony could feel his grief wavering again, but he held it back.
“I was protecting my friend!”
“He is dehydrated and needs urgent medical attention to his wound on his ribs” she called out to the two men.
That’s the endgame,
“Tony,” Steve exhaled “You still have people you care about. You’re luckier than most, go and be with Pepper.” Steve made his way to the door
“Well if you must know, after I was released from house arrest, I began working with Hank Pym, his wife and his daughter, Hope. We were on a building testing this quantum tunnel Hank built to enter the Quantum Realm. I was going to collect some Quantum particles but just before I was to be extracted the mics when dead. I need your help to find them. I have no idea where they went or if something bad happened to them.”
Nebula had just finished her food she was given by on of Tony’s companions. The planet was strange to her. It was more advanced than she expected, after knowing Quill. It wasn’t long before she heard a familiar voice entering the medical wing.
“It was left 15 minutes ago. Shall I buzz him in?”
“Steve, Listen to me. I need you to really listen. None of this is you’re fault. None of it, Ok. Do you hear me?”
“F.R.I.D.A.Y picked up a signal from an approaching ship, its on its way here now”
“I wouldn’t have if it wasn’t for Nebula. She knocked sense back into me.”
Tony was stunned. “Peter is not my kid, he’s my… he was… like my ward.”
It had been a week since they had lost on Titan. Food and water ran out 4 days ago. Oxygen will run out tomorrow morning. Tony and Nebula had hoped to find a way back to Earth but it seemed that Starlord and his odd friends were very laid back about their food and fuel supplies. Their fuel had run out not long after leaving Titan and now they had been adrift in space ever since, with very little hope of rescue.
Something clicked in Scott’s brain “OH MY GOD, YOU ARE THE HULK! I read the reports on your accident. Big fan…”
This may have potential spoilers for Avengers: Endgame. I doubt my theories are correct but just in case, you have been warned.
“Steve, just stay safe out there, okay?”
"I'm sorry Steve," Nat choked. "That day haunts me too, seeing Wanda vanish, running round the corner only to see Vision's body. Its been a nightmare. But we can't give up hope. We'll find a way to get them back. All of them. And if the worst comes, then we will avenge them and punch that purple maniac right in his potato shaped head."
“You’re right” Steve interrupted “It’s not on us, It’s all on Thanos. He did this to us.” Steve stood up.
“Tony, you’re both hurting. Steve lost Barnes because of Thanos, you lost Peter.” Bruce sighed “Look, if you two don’t try to make some sort of amends your anger will just boil up and make this situation worse.”
"Come on Steve, its freezing out here" Nat said whilst shivering. She held out her hand to Steve.
“Yeah…”
“You’re part machine, right?”
"Still no word on Clint or Scott?"
“But we also agreed that we would beat them together.”
“Tony, save your energy” Bruce told Tony sternly, after noticing he was trying to say something. But he wasn’t having any of that. He had to know if she was alive.
“Where is everyone?” Steve asked
Steve was shaking his head furiously, he was refusing to hear what Tony was saying. Tony was noticing Steve’s breathing was becoming more rapid. He needed to calm Steve down.
“Ultron…I remember” Steve replied having a flashback to Ultron’s first attack.
“P…P…Pepper?”
“Right, it looks like that is everyone coming today. For anyone who does not know, my name is Dr Cecilia Reyes. I’m a doctor at New York Hospital where I specialise in trauma surgery. As per usual this is a safe space. None of us are here to judge each other. Everyone on the planet has been affected by this decimation. We are here to support on another and talk through our grief. Who would like to start? A woman, no older than 23 by Steve’s guess timidly put up her hand.
Thanks for reading :)
“HYDRA HAD CONTROL OF HIS MIND!”
“How?” Tony said with despair. “The ship is out of fuel, we will most likely be dead tomorrow morning.”
“Tony, you’re going to have to speak to him. You may as well get it over and done with.” Rhodey pleaded.
“Bruce Banner”
“You scared the shit out of me, you said you’ll be gone for a while. Then the next thing I know, people start vanishing to dust. I thought I lost you and Happy.”
"I can't get him out of my head Nat." Steve said after a moment of silence, unable to contain his grief for a moment longer.
“What’s wrong?”
She sighed, “Come here” pulling him into a hug
“Please, come in, there’s plenty of spare seats.” Cecilia encouraged, noticing Tony’s hesitation. He made his way over to an empty chair opposite Steve. The entire time he was eyeing up Steve.
“Oh my god Tony, you’re both as stubborn as each other. You both need your heads bashed together.” Rhodey growled
Steve could sense she had been wanting to say all this for a long time. He knew they had a spark during the battle in Sovokia, but she had never said anything to him about it. Even when on the run. He could tell she was hurting but he never wanted to say anything about it in case he ended up pushing her away. He tended to have that effect on people.
“That was different. We needed to find Vision then.”
“What is a Cassie?” Thor asked speaking for the first time since they had returned from Wakanda.
There was silence amongst the Avengers. Steve was some-what glad to see many vacant expressions.
“What the heck do you mean you haven’t been on Earth? Where have you been?” Rhodey asked.
“Like I’ve been to space and back” Tony Snarked back
“I’m so glad you could make it”
“Well, I haven’t exactly been on Earth for a while”
"Bruce said he went up chasing after the spaceship that attacked New York. If he survived the... the snap then he'll be working on a way to contact us from whatever ship or planet he ended up on."
Steve let out a rare laugh. Something of which he had not done often in the last two years.
This was part of the reason why Tony was hesitant to enter, he had clearly spotted Steve when he had entered the room. Steve could also see Tony was rattled too by what Jenny had gone through. As Tony sat down, they made eye contact. Tony had a large smirk on as he glanced at Steve. He was enjoying the look of shear surprise on Steve’s face. Tony was the last person he expected to see here. He was regretting his decision to come here now. All his recent failures were sitting with him in the same room, he had no way out, he had to sitting through the meeting, for decency’s sake.
Tony rolled his eyes. Of course, Steve would say that. He was never one intrude.
Endgame Trailer lines included.
Nat looked at him hard before she answered.
Tony sighed, “I warned you this would happen. I warned all of you”
“Nebula” she answered
“Your right Nat. I’m sorry” Bruce replied, realising how much of a jerk he and the Hulk had acted towards her.
Tony had raked his brain a thousand times, trying to come up with a way to contact Pepper or anyone back on Earth. But without his suit or F.R.I.D.A.Y it was impossible. It seemed to Tony the only way out of this was death. In the mean time all Tony could do is leave messages to Pepper in his shattered Iron Man helmet and hope she somehow finds them, if she even survived.
“I saw my legacy. I was back in the battle of New York in the heat of the Chitauri’s attack, And I saw… I saw the entire team down. Everyone dead except me. Me and you. I went over to you, you grabbed my arm and told me I could have saved everyone, I could have done more.”
There was silence once again. Tony had no idea how to response to what Nebula told him. He had never heard of anything as heartless and cruel as that before.
It did not take long for everyone to find an empty seat. Steve noticed there were a fair few empty seats.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Remember our disagreement out in Barton’s backyard, I told you that you seemed to walk away fine from Wanda and her mind tricks. Well, what I didn’t tell you or anyone on the team was what I saw.”
Steve was beginning to regret coming at all, at this point.
“That may well be the case, but the truth is it matters not. Here or not he would have vanished either way. You may still have people you care about on Earth. Your Pepper person. You at least owe it to her to try to get back home.”
There was silence again for the third time. Everyone in the room apart from Scott knew what happened, but no one wanted to be the one to tell the tale. Natasha was the first to break the silence.
Nat shook her head.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve smiled,” Whatever it takes.”
Tony crouched down beside him. The man was a mess. Steve was rocking back and forth in a sweaty trembling mess.
Rocket was standing at the end of her bed. He looked thin and extremely pissed off.
Bruce and Rhodey got Tony to the hospital wing. As soon as they had forced food and water down his throat. He collapsed into a long-needed sleep. Goodness knows he needed one.
“I’m sorry who are you? “
“Ok, I’m going to tell you something I should have told the team way back during Sokvokia.” Steve glanced towards Tony.
“Yes. Why?” She said, unsure if she liked where this was going.
To Steve’s relief, Bruce was first to answer, “You mean you don’t know?”
Thanks for reading! Hope you have enjoyed it.
He nodded.
“Okay, okay can we focus please.” Interrupted Steve, remembering his first encounter with Scott and was hoping to avoid another awkward introduction to the rest of the team. “How did you escape this Quantum place? You said the mics went dead when you were in there?”
“Why didn’t you tell us?”
Steve turned to face Tony. He finally understood the scale of what Tony had to deal with. He knew exactly who he was talking about. Spiderman. He realised how much the kid meant to him and what Rhodey meant when he said a part of Tony died in space. But what Tony described shook Steve to his core. He wouldn’t wish that fate for anyone. A small tear leaked out of the corner of Steve’s eye.
Cecilia carried on with the meeting. “Yes, well thank you Jenny for sharing, I know how difficult that was for you.” She gave her a small acknowledging nod. “Who would like to share next?”
“So, you survived?”
“You will have to talk to each other eventually, you’re bound to run into each other when you’re up and walking. What are you going to do then? Ignore each other forever?” Rhodey argued
Wondering who on Earth it could be, Steve agreed. A video message appeared before Steve and Natasha. They were both surprised to see the familiar face from 2 years ago.
“So, he really is insane”
Tony wasn’t looking at Steve anymore. He couldn’t.
“Wait a talking rat and tree?”
“I’m done waiting around for someone to come up with a plan. I’m going to find him and kill him. Anyone else is welcome to join me. Come on Rabbit lets go.”
“You and your friends were all there on Titan, so was the moron terrain Quill. He was all about saving the galaxy. Figured it was a terrain thing.”
“No,” Steve says. “And you said no, and I should respect that.” Steve nods and he understands there’s more he needs to do, more he needs to accomplish before he succumbs to the lull of the waves. He should re-evaluate what he’s doing, get his head back in the game. It’s a Collapsing Event and with that it means the whole world, the whole of the Realms may fall into darkness. “I suppose I need to figure out what happened, why I can’t cross the Boundaries.”
Lightly, Steve strokes his hands through Tony’s hair. Using both of his hands, his fingers trail over and over again through Tony’s hair. He rubs with the softest of touches as he massages Tony’s scalp and then places fingers at Tony’s temples and under his eyes.
“No. Stop. You haven’t eaten in hours, probably not since the flight. If you need more food- God, you do need food if I remember my father’s notes correctly. I can get you more. I remember from my father’s writings that you need like 4x what other people need. How did you handle this as a lion?” He hustles over to the refrigerator to see if he can find more of the deliciously fresh fruit.
“So, what do you do now?” Natasha asked.
Disconnecting the battery is the easy part. The more difficult maneuver is getting the embedded jerry-rigged magnet out of the inflamed tissue. He needs to cut away at some of the healed tissues and then plant the new device into the cleaned out hole. He prays that Tony will stay asleep as he works.
Blu crouches down and waits.
The woman looks stricken as if someone’s come and told her that her children all died suddenly. She shakes her head and folds up her stethoscope. Looking at Steve, her expression tells him everything he needs to know. The pity feels like slap in the face. He turns away from her as she climbs to her feet.
“So good. That was just what I needed.”
“Yeah I got that,” Steve says. He falls silent and Tony knows why. This isn’t supposed to be about Tony and his blindness, this – this was about their escape, about acknowledging who they are to one another. Is it just boss and Personal Assistant or something more? Steve clears his throat. “Really your tux is ruined.”
“We would need to add what specific molecules that will only target the optical nerve. It will be very difficult.”
Tony takes the bracelet from Obie and gives it only a passing glance before his gaze rests on Steve. He inhales deeply, and then slowly exhales. Handing the bracelet back to Steve, Tony says, “That’s not Kree technology. That’s a standard locator beacon wristband. It’s driven by a crystal that homes to the artificial gravity core of the station.”
For a moment, Steven doesn’t respond. He stays perfectly still and waits.
Then there are some hanger ons like Hammer. Who knows why that idiot is even invited? Steve scrolls around trying to figure out how he even got an invitation but can’t find any information. By the time he’s exhausted the list of attendees, Pepper returns with his uniform.
Tony slide up and teased Steve as he waited and then slammed back down again. Steve moaned and tried to match the motion, but Tony captured him, sat on top of him, not letting him move. Their strength and power matched especially while Steve recovered from Tony’s previous feeding.
Tony scratches at his messy beard; he needs to trim it. “That’s right. A person from flat land wouldn’t be able to perceive a 3 dimension person. Only what exists in 2 dimensions.”
“Apparently with some deaths mixed in,” Tony points out.
Steve whisks the boy into his arms and smiles. “Yes, it looks dangerous.”
He slips.
“I’ll get it. Don’t worry,” Steve says. To change the subject and to ensure that Tony’s working on a different problem, he adds, “Do you have any idea where the Passage is going to be to get to the next rim?”
“You always say you’re fine and then things start falling apart.”
“And this is what I do to feel better. I make you feel good. Believe me, Tony, it’s the one thing that will help right now. Make me feel useful.” Steve runs his hands up and down Tony’s inner thighs until he legs open and he’s more relaxed. “Do you have any lube or something we can use?”
“Isn’t that kind of weird? Why me and Steve?” Bruce said and he curled his lip as if he still didn’t believe his cursed luck.
“What’s that?”
Natasha glances between the two and then picks at her food. “No, but I think you’re going to tell me.”
“I’m your prisoner then?” Steve replied.
Tony’s hands are warm in comparison to Steve’s skin. “Fuck, you’re cold.” He opens both hands and places them on either side of Steve’s face. It feels like a dream and Steve finds himself closing his eyes. He snaps them open and shoos away the thoughts and hopes of another time.
“Why do you do it?” They are standing at the grand double doors to the Stark Family mansion. The butler and footmen hover, but Tony ignores them. “Why?”
“Well, it’s problem for me.” Tony stands as he speaking. Without assistance, he rounds the island that they are sitting at and then goes to the refrigerator. “Jarvis has all of his own ideas about how I should be living my life. He doesn’t like the fact that I’ve hidden my predicament from the world, but he supports it.” He opens the fridge, and very briefly, Steve wonders if he should get up and help Tony find whatever he’s looking for. But Jarvis organizes his kitchen well and Tony grabs the spray can of whip cream. “He never lets me have whip topping on my fruit. He’s so old fashioned.”
“Where would you like me to start, sir?” Tony swore he could hear a sarcastic tone to the AI’s voice. “At the beginning?”
“Comic books. I understand you’re a pretty good artist. I’ve seen some of your work. Why comic books?”
“Now, sir, you know who does the experiments. They’ve been doing them for years now. They even had you to their labs when you were younger as I heard.” Rumlow smacked his lips – like he was fucking devouring every ounce of horror throbbing from Tony. It must have been a feast for the asshole.
Natasha nodded. “A little less. But she’s his Guide. Which I think is fitting, don’t you think?” The tests and the queries just kept coming, she was a tigress but she was playing with her food. He stopped the urge to shiver in her presence.
Steve wasn’t sure if he passed out from whatever the young woman had done or if the flight caused some loss of time, but the next thing he knew Iron Man stood over him and he was lying in a large bed. He jerked up and looked around, confused.
The cave freezes at night. That's the funny thing about the desert. It reflects all the heat away from it during the scorching days and settles in to a paralysis of cold at night. He never thought much about it before, was never a geology or meteorology freak. His expertise had always been weapons, weapons of destruction. What did they call him? The merchant of death. He laughs and it catches the phlegm in his throat. The battery connected to his chest warms him to a degree and he clings to it at night time like its some kind of security blanket. But it's not. It's his albatross.
“Oh, great,” Tony replies and waits for Steve to stop the bike. He’s a little disoriented when he goes to get off the bike – with the motion and the lack of visual clues he sways a bit. Steve steadies him with a hand to his shoulder.
“It’ll function just like your regular shield. Or should. I didn’t have time to test out the math so there might be some weird maneuvers or functions of it. I thought to bring it along at the last moment so hopefully I remember to think of all the required math.” He claps his hands. “Try and take it off your wrist.”
“It means we’re in for a load more of fun.” Tony steps up to the arch. “In the original story it emitted ripples in time, but I doubt that’s what Ultron is going to use it for, he’s not that creative.”
“It is a video call. Main screen, sir.”
Unimpressed by Steve’s stoic response, Ross walked up to him and smiled. “I’m not going to do that. You see, you’re much more important to me than that.” He placed a finger on Steve’s side, close to his injury. Steve hung there, frozen as Ross glided his hand around on his torso. “Human perfection. That’s what they called you, you know. Perfection, so beautiful and so profoundly wrong.” His finger touched the injury and Steve bit back a hiss of pain. It should have been healed by now. It was only a stab wound. Throughout his years in the war and as a V-Corps agent, he’d suffered worse. Ross eyed him and then pushed his finger in slowly. “He must have drunk excessively from you for it not to heal.” He cocked an eyebrow as he watched Steve try and remain passive to the probing in his wound. Steve held back any sound, any cry of pain. “It’s the serum that must have drove him to drink so much. How did you manage for so many years? So many, many years?”
Steve smiled into the dark waves at the crown of Tony’s head. “Not so much.” Having Tony’s weight on him brought to him a sense of protectiveness as well as security.
“I’m not a Captain anymore, I retired my commission. I’m the Sheriff now,” Steve says and it sounds trite and small even to his ears. He doesn’t know why he keeps driving this point home.
The prince furrows his brows. “Sure. Down the hallway, third door on the left.”
Natasha gently lays his head back onto the cot and pats his shoulder. “I’m sorry, Steve. I am. There’s not much I can do.”
Tony affirmed. “Yeah. He wasn’t himself. He was little. Small like he was before Rebirth. His mother was dying and then it was just us. The two of us.”
A knock announces the arrival of the alpha. Steve can’t decide whether or not to just tell him to come in or to open the door. He opts for the latter. “Come.”
In the alcove under the trellis of vines they press against one another, knowing how the other feels without even voicing it. There is no physical here because they are something different from bone and flesh. As part of the soul realm, they’ve become their most elementary particles. They are light, they are photons, they are energy. Their pairing transforms them from singletons to paired; entangled and interwoven by the basics of physics and metaphysics. As Tony’s light shines through him, Steve knows he touches the very essence of the sun. He welcomes every atom and subatomic particle; they dance together in this shaded trellis in a place that has no existence.
“Don’t.”
Rhodes put his hand up to stop Steve. “She’s right. You don’t understand Tony. While you think he’s being a genius he’s also a detriment to himself. He doesn’t understand danger. He plays with it. Hell, if the fate of the world rested in his hands and all he had to do was snap his fingers and die, he would do it. It takes the people who love him like family to stop him. So, I agree with Pepper. It might seem cruel and it might look like we’re treating him like a child, but I assure you, there’s nothing farther from the truth.”
“They can’t do anything of the sort. I’m a private citizen. I used my own resources to save- to get back to civilization. It’s the stupid doctor you ordered to tag along that got us in this mess.” Tony gets onto the lift with Happy and Rhodey in tow. “Steve is a private citizen as well. He shouldn’t be tortured by your doctors.”
“We really should be more concerned about Steve,” Hill muttered and drifted away from the group. She sidled over to the nursing station again.
Tony gripped onto the rail of the balcony, watching the lights, purple tinged with red, flutter through the night. Some called them wisps, others ghosts, still others theorized they were the souls of the dead that never transformed. “And Natasha? She’s much younger than you are.”
In a thick voice, Steve says, “See you in a minute.”
“Right now, you’re going to leave me with him for a bit. You’ve been here for days. Go, check out the rest of the town,” she says and the meaning underlying, interlacing her words coil in his gut and he has no ability to deny it.
When it opens the burst of light is the first thing Steve takes in. He gasps a little. The corner art room is lined with windows. All the natural light he could ever ask for and more. It’s absolutely beautiful. “Wow, I just-.” He can’t speak.
“Me too,” Steve says. “I worked my way back. It wasn’t easy. I still blamed myself. No one, not Sam, not Bucky, not anyone else can convince me that the failure of that mission isn’t my fault. People died on my watch. It will always be my fault.”
“Take Steve to the shops on the concourse-.”
Tony’s standing there. Vine like tendrils surround him. They slither and curve around him. In the very near distance he hears Steve calling for him. Tony jerks and turns around, the vines disappear and he standing in the shower, the water pouring over him. He’s cold – in the middle of a steaming hot bathroom. He rubs at his face and ducks his head under the water. “Shit.”
“I’m not saying I
Tony back away. “What do you want for dinner? Maybe I can start that?”
“I saw a video that implied, strongly, that Bucky was involved in your parents’ deaths. It was when Nat and I found Zola and the data banks.” Steve forced his eyes to land on Tony then, because he deserved the disdain, the hatred, the disappointment. What he found had been profound disbelief and pain.
“Tony, you do know that if you’re not careful they will order one for you, too.”
Finally, Steve breaks it. “You okay, my prince?” He needs to check in with him.
Steve leaves the safety of staring at his empty hands to look up at Tony. He finds a certain sadness echoed in Tony; this is a gift to Steve – this truth etched in Tony’s expression. “What truth?”
“Open his mouth,” Bruce orders and Steve cups Tony’s jaw in his hand, squeezes his thumb and finger into the space between his upper and lower jaw to force it open. The glassy eyed look, the clammy skin, the tinge of blue on his lips scares Steve.
His enthusiasm reeks of over the top and Tony side eyes Steve as he tries to figure out what’s really going on. “Well, still no can do. It’s not like I brought the correct clothes to go sledding.”
Steve’s gaze snaps back to his and he nods.
Steve curses but doesn’t stop. He’s got his cock out already, the head bumping against Tony’s ass. With one remarkable thrust, he’s fully in. Tony gulps and grunts as Steve shoves again and again. Tony’s own cock rubs against the edge of the table sending spears of pain and pleasure all at once. Steve grasps Tony’s wrists in one hand and yanks them above his head. He’s laying flat on the table. It’s too much. Tony follows Steve’s rhythm, rocking back into his punishing thrust. His own cock is hard and untouched.
“Whoa there, you’re okay,” the voice says again. “Can you drink? The doctor will be here soon. It would be good if you could drink a little water.”
Steve found himself closing his eyes and letting the words wash over him. The audacity of the way Tony spoke the Mantra, not with reverence but with a challenge, a dare in his tone, filled Steve with pride. Tony wasn’t going to be cowed by the idea of a soul bond, of the universe’s hold on him. Instead, he thumbed his nose at it. Steve kind of loved it. He followed the words until their inevitable end.
He really doesn’t want to go that route – because how embarrassing is it to think that he’s been fucking a lost love of someone else? All other leads have dried up and, if Tony is serious about his hunch, then he needs to ask that one person for more information. Much of what is known about Captain America has been turned into myth and fictional accounts. But Aunt Peggy may know more than the basics about a scrawny assed kid and a dream to be a good man and help save the world. What's legally obtained from open sources offers little details. The only lead he has is Aunt Peggy.
When he opens his eyes again, he finds not a dirty cave, but a room in a high rise building. The glass windows glitter, the chrome and glass furniture reflects the steel cityscape in the world outside the marvel of the penthouse office. Standing behind the desk, Fury glares at him, his one wing wrapped tightly to his back.
This is the last chapter where I will purposefully cover one of the movies (CA:TWS).
“We all are Scott. We all are.” Steve shakes his head. He doesn’t know what he was looking for, but Scott’s not the route to find some peace. “Thanks, Scott.”
“I’m going to check on the rest of the pack. I’ll be around to check on-.” He stopped and stared at Tony with his head resting against Steve’s shoulder, appearing asleep. “Well, everything, a bit later.”
Tony remembered how he made his first iron man suit all those years ago in the cave with Yinsen. Back then he only had scraps of metal from his kidnappers. He looked around. This time he had a spaceship, and for the first time since he ended up in space, he found hope. As he continued to look around his eyes rested on Nebula.
“You-I,” Steve said, peered over his shoulder as if he expected someone there. “Can I come in? I kind of would like some company.”
“Rogers is going to have a heap of questions to answer,” Rhodey replied.
He shivered. He knew from listening at the library door when his father and Obie spoke that his father had something to do with that – and that it haunted him. ‘Caused him to drink. Once he heard his father say something very curious.
“Yeah, that would be great,” Tony says and claps his hands. “I’m starved.”
Tony shuts down the shoulder panels and opens his hands. “I’m here for you Blu. You just have to trust me.”
“Sir, do you mean not to punish the omega?”
“Buck.”
“Have to admit not much of a fan myself. My ears aren’t as sophisticated, though I do love old 40s music. My mom used to listen to it a lot because it reminded her of her mom. I guess it’s tradition in a way,” Steve says as he recalls his mom slowly dancing in the kitchen as she did the dishes. “She used to dance to it all the time. By herself. Dad died when I was barely a year old, but she would close her eyes and dance in the kitchen like Dad held her.”
“It’s at a boiling point. They’re cleaning house. This can’t be good. This new procedure is going to go to hell on them,” Natasha said. “We have to make plans.”
“Get dressed. We have to talk,” Fury ordered and then sneered at the doctors. “No more experiments.”
His hands shook as he went to retrieve a mug from the cupboard. She pushed him aside and got a chipped ‘I heart NYC’ mug and ripped open the bag to pour the cold blood into it. He’d stayed out too long last night. Maybe because he wanted to see the sun, maybe because he missed his mate. Just as he raised the mug to his lips, the front door slammed open and the Captain of the V-Corps marched into the rowhouse.
Tony startled and looked up to see Ross standing at the entrance to the laboratory. He looked refreshed as if he’d just started his day in the middle of the night. He clapped his hands and rubbed them together.
Tony’s weight on the bed heightens Steve’s response and he sighs. “What would you like me to do?”
Tony’s not sure what to make of JARVIS pronouncement, but his AI is concerned enough about it to inform him. Placing the interface on the lab bench, Tony pulls off his gloves and safety goggles and heads up to the bedrooms. When he gets there the door to the guest bedroom is partially open and he spots the flicker of light as someone passes and then paces back again. He knocks.
“What’s on the agenda for today, Cap?” Going with the more formal moniker but with a casual flare might help thaw things between them as well.
Level four: Refreeze.
“Orders are no one is to enter the room of the Captain unless specifically allowed.” The soldier looked like he was fifteen to Tony,– but he was probably around 25. Around the same age as Steve when he ended up in World War II.
It surprised Steve that Natasha grasped his hand, squeezing it. “You know you did everything you could. It’s hard to accept. I’ve had to accept a lot about my mate. The position I put Clint in, where his family was in danger, I’ll never forget myself. What happened is as much my fault as anyone’s.” Her hand cooled him. He focused on it, the porcelain beauty of her touch. “Whatever I can do, I will. I know you don’t want to believe me now.”
“A Statement of Responsible Actions.” Steve nods. “If we address what went down with Ultron and how we intend to modify how we act – I think it’s possible. I think we can do this, Tony. It’ll take a lot of work and collaboration.”
“It won’t be the same. You’re the only one I can do this with, we were legend as kids in the Rims.”
"I would think it would be your God as well," Steve says. "I know that there's something wrong with me."
“Yes. Thank you, Thor,” Tony says but doesn’t make eye contact with either Thor or Steven. He does look up at Pep and she only frowns. Eventually he gets the main group at the table seated and they go through the quick introductions.
“Then what is it you intend to do?” T’Challa asked. Was it a challenge or a question? Maybe it was both mixed up with the hell the world had become with America at its lead. T’Challa placed his juice on the table next to his chair. “I want to be helpful to you. I want to support you. But you must understand the pressures-.”
“You know that Estane declared his own rights as an alpha,” Jamison says as he checks the command station holographic display. “He’s going to challenge you on the floor of the Council for controlling interest.”
She yanks on the wires a little out of revenge he thinks at the same moment the heart monitor freaks out and Pepper stutters.
Steve looked over his shoulder, the curve of the covered shield partially blocking his view. “What gave me away?”
“Christ,” Tony said and settled at the foot of the bed. That seemed wrong. From the many different times he’d visited Tony in the dream space, there had been an intimacy that extended to the emotional, not only the physical. For Tony to sit far away, with his back partially to Steve felt odd, wrong, off. “Couldn’t afford it anymore?”
“You don’t even know me.”
Tony touches his forehead against Blu’s and whispers, “I love you.” It’s profound love, one that stretches out, unites souls, a love that he cannot comprehend but feels to the depths of his core. It’s beyond dimensions, or time, or Earth – it’s love that never ends, that wraps around Tony and protects him. It’s love beyond the ordinary. “I love you, always.” His last is a promise, a vow to always remember, always know that his half his heart, his soul, his breath passes away on this day. “Always.” He closes his eyes as the tears stream down his cheeks.
“But it won’t be the same,” Bucky says and it borders on whining, something so uncharacteristic it hurts to hear.
“I-.” His voice croaks as he tries to speak. “I’m no-not done.” A whole body shudder comes over him. “Not done.”
Despite the cold, Steve wears a short sleeved t-shirt that’s pulled tight over his chest and biceps. It’s a wonder to behold and Tony can’t tear himself away. He slips onto the stool to observe. The muscles undulate and flex as Steve works the dough. His concentration focuses on the dough allowing Tony to watch unabashed by his brazenness.
“Are you sure?” Steve picks up the glasses. This is the moment.
“That’s nice,” Tony said. His voice sounded weak even to his ears.
College represented a new beginning to him. So, he stacked away all his childhood toys, his books, his posters, but then he grabbed Blu. His little stuffed lion. It was so old by then. Torn and worn out. Once, his father in a drunken rage ripped the head of the lion and screamed in Tony’s face.
“Sir, you called?” Vision appears at the laboratory door.
The non-disclosure agreement ties Steve’s ability to explain the situation into knots. Fumbling over an explanation, Steve just says, “It’s complicated. He wants me to fake date him. Isn’t that enough information for now. I don’t want to do it.”
Steve bows his head. “Yes, ma’am.” Out of curiosity, Steve lifts his gaze and asks, “When we’re all released, what then? What happens after?”
Happy hands over a tablet produced from his inner pocket. It’s small, larger than Tony’s hand, but not quite as big as the standard tablets. He taps a few times and then satisfied, nods to Steve. “Have at it.”
In seconds both Natasha and Thor were at the door to the master bedroom suite. Tony steered Steve back into the bed and Natasha hooked up another bag of the synthetic blood. She scowled at Tony but something soft and forgiving crossed her face when she gazed at Steve and then back at him again. “I understand where you’re coming from. Don’t mistake me. But this is dangerous. You have to know that. It will only cause you heartache and pain when he’s gone.”
“Let’s get this over with,” he replies and marches toward the ship’s ramp way.
Yet, they have their detractors. Multiple groups protest the clinical trial from those who say it’s making people into cyborgs (Steve can’t believe how naïve and uneducated people can be) to those who call Tony an ableist because he won’t accept his blindness. The latter one is the hardest of all for Tony to handle. He knows he dealt with his blindness in a way others would call shunning the community, pretending he wasn’t blind. All of which he admits to now. But 15 years after the accident, Tony has a right to say he wants his sight back and be truthful about it. What Steve’s learned over the years as a sighted person living with a blind person is that it isn’t his place to decide what is best for Tony – the only person who can decide that is Tony.
Secrets.
“Yeah, I do, and no, you can’t.” He doesn’t ask her how she manages her own Urgency. That’s her own business. He’s never known exactly what she does. He knows that Sam has a good friend from back home who has been his omega for years – though they aren’t bonded. Sam can’t have his friend anymore. They are all lost souls looking for a port in the storm. Sam seems to get along well with Scott, maybe – just maybe Scott might be a good pairing for Sam.
“I hurt you.”
But then Natasha’s words echo in Tony’s head.
“Move that meeting Pep. You know I’m meeting with the scientific council this afternoon. I have to discuss the plans with Reed. I also need to work out the rest with T’Challa’s contingent.” He pauses as he listens but waves at Steve to start eating. “Yeah, I don’t think it’s that important. I want to hear what the doctor says and that’s far more important. What? No I am not talking with Zola. That man is a fucking villain. He traded secrets with the Kree. He should be in fucking prison or out an airlock.”
The ache pulses through him. And he cries out, sobs. It’s done and he can never bond again and he will never want the knot again. He never wants the kind of heat he had, the kind where he allows a stranger to touch him and dominate him. He will be neutered and shamed. Cold runs through his veins as he stares at the past. “Tony,” he murmurs and feels the loss even more strikingly as he shivers. He gulps at the air because the last breath of life is gone. Hot tears run down his face and he stares at the mutilated gland in the sink. His voice is hoarse and rasps, “Tony.”
“This isn’t a game,” Tony says.
“21st century old world,” Steven says. “It seems over the centuries many of the branches intermingled again and again.”
Wong clears his throat as he places the pile of books on Tony’s lap and the phone near Tony’s hand. “No. Stephen as in Stephen Strange.”
Tony suspected that a lot of that was because the pack wanted to give them time to find each other again. Had they? Had they climbed that hill and beaten back the fears?
As their energies matched, Steve shuddered and pushed against Tony. For a second Tony thought that Steve might be trying to get away, but he only wanted more. Tony added another finger and shortly a third. Steve pumped against him, his cock thick and heavy against his belly. When he reached for it, Tony grasped his hand and together they stroked him. The rhythm of their hands together echoed the pulsing of their souls. It felt so damned good. Tony had a hard time remembering that this was just a dream, a fantasy, a wish.
“He’s packing a bag, asking me what he can take and what he can’t take.”
“Yeah, Wanda, she used her voodoo magic or whatever the hell it was to give me this vision. You were dead. You were all dead. But you were blown to pieces. And the bond -.” He trembled in Steve’s arms. “Felt like all my limbs had been ripped off. I never want to feel like that again. What the hell did she do?”
Ultron isn’t dead.
“Strangely empowering.” Tony stood up, and Steve thought it might be to put distance between them, but instead he reached for the room service menu. “On to dinner?”
Tony reached out and touched Steve’s wrist. At first it was just a touch, nothing more. Steve waited, Tony looked up at Steve. That anxious, almost eager, stare disturbed Steve but he kept his mouth shut. Not dissuaded, Tony brushed his finger along the inside of Steve’s wrist, along the welt and closer to the pulse point. The touch lingered and then something light and tender began within Steve. He felt it in the core of his body, deep in his torso. If he’d spent any time thinking about what happened with Bruce, he would qualify this as similar to the moment preceding the bond. Like the lightest of rain pattering down before the storm, it began in his core, then blossomed up through his heart and then part of Steve – part of him reached out – farther – toward him – toward Tony – and then –
“I think you should talk to Pepper.”
Steve only shakes his head. "Stop being rude. I'll stop by tomorrow morning, okay?"
“You let me decide whether it’s Ultron trying to distract us.” Tony marches through the snow. The swirl of wind picks up the snow around him.
“Yes,” Steven’s words are hushed.
He sits up straighter in the chair even though it costs him and he draws out his Colt Single Action Army Peacemaker. Brand new make and model of the Colt revolver, Steve carries it more as a deterrent than anything else, he prefers his rifle to the smaller less accurate gun. “No, I just protect it, since no one else around here wants to do the job.” He climbs to his feet again, and his shoulder aches. “You’re no hero, Stark, I heard about you. About how you’re only for yourself. You’re not the kind who would lie down on the wire.”
“I came to find my sons.” Odin huffs. “And speak with Prince Anthony. I saw you with him and you wear his star. Do you think I may get an audience with the good prince?”
“I saw it. I saw it leave. I saw the entanglement and then it snapped off. But not like a light switch, like a viper attacking. It – they tried to stay linked. They tried to save the entanglement. Does that sound insane?” Steve’s barely holding it together. His large frame looks like it might shatter to pieces, falling all over the floor.
Tony wasted no time. He manhandled Steve back onto the gurney, throwing the blanket over him. Pale and weak, his whole body shaking uncontrollably, Steve reached out a hand to touch Tony’s chest where it glowed. “I’m dreaming,” he murmured and fell unconscious.
“Little faith, dear Captain. Little faith.” Tony says. He claps Steve on the back – a little more harshly than he’s prepared for so he staggers, taking a step forward to right himself. “Careful there, Captain.”
“Huh.” He rejoins Steve in the living room and asks, “You hum in battle, don’t you?”
It sends him off his game, as if Jarvis can read through his poker face. He’s never been good at cards, he’s not much of a bluffer. “No problem.” Before he leaves, he asks, “Will he be okay?”
When the agent eyes Steve again, his expression softens. “Hey, just don’t let them hook you to any of the Strike teams. Those motherfuckers are batshit crazy when they get off a tour.” He slides the Residential chip to Steve.
When he was first changed he debated killing himself. After Yinsen sent him to freedom and away from the radical terrorists he truly wanted to end it. Not seeing the sun ripped a hole inside of him. It had been Pepper and Rhodey who’d found him, nursed him back to health, and devised a plan to help him survive. They had been his comfort for all these years. Steve had been his passion and his line to feeling alive again.
“Come on, we don’t want you to be late,” she says and directs Clint to carry his bags.
“Those are for you. I always clothe my workers.”
He strokes a hand down Steve’s face, being careful not to touch the injuries to his eyes. Steve jerks and wakes. He realizes it’s Tony almost immediately and relaxes. He’s still curved in on himself to stay warm against the shock.
Time to face the music. Thinking of facing Steve in the light of day roils his stomach and he bites down on his inner cheek. He stops in the doorway. Last night, their talk in the dark had been enlightening. It revealed a want Tony couldn’t parse, but the ache remained when he woke. It urged him to slip out of bed, to rid himself of confronting Steve so early in the morning. Now his shave and shower are done. He needs to get back to his routine, he needs to ignore the pain threatening and shove it aside. He also needs to decide what the hell to do with Steve. It was only his intention to get Steve free of SHIELD. The husband ploy worked to accomplish his purpose but it’s not going to stop Defense Department representatives and SHIELD spies knocking on his door. It’s the only reason he used the charade of marriage – that’s all. Blu- Steve helped him during his time of need, Tony reciprocated.
Jamison licks his lips and then frowns. “It’s not for me to say-.”
Tony put his hand to his forehead and spun on his heel. Blinking, he tried to banish the tears forming in his eyes. What the hell was happening? Why was it happening? The sinking feeling in his chest dragged him into a pit, an abyss of numbness that shuddered through him. A slow earthquake crumbed his emotions and even as the group debated Steve’s condition, the words meant nothing to him. All he heard over and over was that Steve was in critical condition.
When Tony finally pulls away, Steve glimpses a hint of wetness in his eyes which he shifts around and goes to the water pitcher to hide. Steve doesn’t call him on it. As Tony pours them both a cup of water, he starts, “I have to admit, it’s fucked up. Everything, everyone.”
Vision and Wanda stay mum and Pietro only shrugs.
“We’re going to talk.”
Sam entered the room and the query of his soul pressed on the bond, but Steve gently brushed it aside.
“I don’t actively live here, Thor,” Steve says and drops his hands. His life swirls around like a maelstrom. He’s either in love with his boss or he’s not. He’s got to get his head on straight.
Bruce shakes his head. “Like other Earths. Like other realities. He actually asked if it was possible for one person to cross between realities. Like go from universe A to universe B.”
“Understood.”
“Make fists with them as we walk,” Steve says. A curl of a smile appears on his face. “Fists with your toes.”
“And now that fealty is transferred to me. Not only is this omega my right because of my inheritance from my mother but also because I have bonded to him.”
“Cheeseburger, fries, doughnuts, and a milkshake.”
When they broke apart, Steve didn’t bother to wipe away the tears that streaked his face because he saw the same tracks on Bucky’s cheeks. Steve could speak a thousand years and still not express his feelings or catch up with everything that they were to one another. Bucky smiled – weakly at him and then showed him his wrist.
“He noticed when he was holding you after the big snap, that your wounds were clearing, that the skin was healing. So, he picked you up and brought you to a shelter and then insisted on giving you blood.” He shrugs. It’s a massive movement. “We transported you to Wakanda. Did the science. Listened to him. Apparently, he’s a universal donor or something. The serum allows him to give blood to anyone regardless of what his blood type is.”
That was when Tony’s world changed. The contents of that drive, the data – it hadn’t only been the information confirming that his hooker was Steve Rogers, Captain America. It hadn’t only contained the reams of data on his time frozen under the ice. It hadn’t only contained the data on the search for Captain America,  but it also contained the dirty secrets of SHIELD as if pertained to Captain America, Steve Rogers.
“Trust me. I saw it in a movie once. Or twice.”
As Clint spoke, Steve went over the details of the story. Clint cornered Natasha. Cornered her. How? She faded into the shadows easily enough. She hopped between realms as she called it or as Tony said in passing once bent dimensions and stepped through them.
The soaring feeling of cresting the waves of air currents overtakes him and he shoots through the winds like one of the missiles he once invented and produced. It is not lost on him that he’s on a mission to clean house, it is not lost to him that he’s the very thing he’s come to despise – a weapon. But he knows deeply and with assurance that his motives are not arranged for power but instead to bring about justice.
“Try me.”
The waitress comes back and mercifully saves Tony from answering Steve’s query. Two large milkshakes are placed on the table on little square paper napkins. Steve stares at the napkin under his shake. He starts to pick at it as the waitress leaves them.
“Please.”
Tony tossed a tube on the bed as well as a few face cloths. He reached out a hand across the small mattress. “Okay, can we - can I undress you?” He sounded as nervous as Steve felt.
“Even the best of us fall, Captain. Even the best,” Ross said and slid his finger out. This time he didn’t just let it drip on the floor. This time he held his finger out for Steve to see the crimson stains. He waited only a few seconds before he brought it to his lips and slipped the whole of his finger in his mouth, sucking the blood off. When he finished he dropped his hand and said, “No difference, no difference at all. You’re just the same nobody you’ve always been.”
Yinsen shakes his head. “They will come for him soon. He will be fed.”
“You know what happened,” Tony replies and leaves it at that. He’s not going to chastise Steve for not confessing about the seizures. Even though he’d been told that Steve could bring them on himself, Tony is fairly certain he didn’t try and do it in the middle of a very public diner.
“Blu!”
Steve nearly skips out of the workshop and Tony stares after him, lost in the look of the man as he disappears from view. He stands there, frozen by the hope and promise of something more. When he comes to himself, he blows out his held breath and wonders if there’s anything more impossible. The idea of Steve Rogers as a promise, a hope fulfilled still astounds him. It’s only been a few weeks, yet it keeps him off balance. Maybe that’s the reason he sees ghosts trying to upset the possibilities in every shadow. But there are odd instances that he cannot parse, cannot figure out.
Tony clung to him, his face buried in Steve’s shoulder. He shivered and then turned his head. “I feel like Thor just hit me with his lightning.”
Steve pulls a drag on his cigarette as if it’s done him wrong and looks away from Bucky. This isn’t his friend – it’s Ultron.
“Good night Sam. Tell that stinker Bucky, good night too.”
“It all happened during the war, Tony, during World War II. So long ago,” his mother said as she snuggled close to him as she put him to bed on his birthday.
With both of them helping Steve, they support him through the broken factory.  As they work their way through the aisle of rusted old equipment and silent machinery, they keep low in case there may be others waiting for them. Tony wants to interrogate Nat and find out how many others she encountered, but as he begins to ask, Steve grips his hand and stops them.
“No,” Steve says and the word is so inadequate, but then the monitors start to alarm as he pants through the panic. He shifts in the bed and groans.
“It was in the reading,” Steve replied and knew how that sounded. He hissed to himself.
The words echoed in his head, revolving around and around much like the Soul Mantra. Yet, Tony wasn’t lying on Steve’s bare chest. He wasn’t wrapped around Steve in his bed in that old flat in Brooklyn. Steve rested alone in his room in the Tower and several floors up, Tony resided. Close. Steve rolled to his side. What happened to his sanity? Since he woke up he fought aliens, found out there was a new thing called soul packs because some magician (Magic was real!) played around with time, fought Hydra again, and ended up with a Beloved who was a man. He closed his eyes again and willed sleep to come, but was it because he was tired or he wanted to enter that dreamscape again?
He reached out and caught her before she collapsed to the floor. The pain streaked up Steve’s arm, the one grasped around Natasha. He didn’t even have to look to know what had happened– the brand marked him and would scar her as well. As the searing pain subsided, Steve gritted his teeth and said, “I’m sorry.”
“No! I have to do this. You check out the mountain for the Passage. I’m right behind you!”
You don’t cage a lion.
“Doctor Cho isn’t concerned about that,” Tony says and offers Steve the mug of cocoa.
“Wakanda may shelter you, but we are not in a position to wage war on a giant bent on its puritanical views of love and life,” T’Challa said. He sipped the juice. “We are ready to give aid to the world where we can, but I must protect my land at the same time.”
Tony clasps his hand. “Sure, it does.” When Steve looks up at Tony, he continues, “You miss her. You miss your life. You never talk about it. Not at all. You can, if you need to, you know.”
Never had an injury in all his days of battle hurt more than the expression on Tony’s face. The wound grew deep and thick between them.  Wounds bleeding out are the ones that are difficult to manage. The slow drip of wounds over years are not difficult to manage, they are impossible. The chronic infestation of pain lays bare the vulnerabilities of the spirit and soul. Steve knew at that moment he’d drawn his dagger and carved his name on Tony’s soul forever rescinding any hope of being close to him at all.
“And for you?”
He likes to be called Tony by his close friends. His closest friend in Colonel James Rhodes who heads up the Stark fleet. The prince has been on the front lines for years before his father and mother were killed. He had been injured during one of the incursions and nearly died but managed to construct his own augmentation – an artificial heart. That fact blows Steve away. How does anyone design and replace their own heart?
“I’m sorry for what you have had to go through Mr Stark” a elderly man said, speaking for the first time, “But that doesn’t really explain how all this occurred.” Steve held back his tongue. “It sounds like you didn’t have a full team backing you up. Aren’t the Avengers meant to stop events like this from happening. Where were they?” Steve couldn’t hold it any longer.
“Steve, it’s okay, it’s going to be okay, just breathe”
Tony felt a huge wave of relief flush over him. He let go of his breath which he hadn’t noticed he was holding. She was alive, he had another chance to see her again. Nothing else mattered to him anymore, all he cared about was that Pepper survived.
Tony knew they were both right. But he just couldn’t bring himself to face him. Steve not only betrayed him that day in Siberia, but also his father. That day had haunted Tony for the past two years. He wasn’t sure whether he was ready to dig up the past again.
“Bruce and Rhodey are going over files in the lab, Thor is most likely wandering around somewhere. I have no clue where the talking raccoon is.”
This surprised Steve but he let him continue.
“Speak for yourself” he croaked back. “The others? Have you seen them?”
“Steve”
“So, what’s the deal with you and Thanos?” Nebula tensed and gave Tony a puzzled look.
Silence again. Steve was stumped, him never expected it to be this hard to talk to Tony.
Steve was trying to find anything else to think about, but his mind kept returning to Sam, Wanda and Bucky. No matter where he was or how hard he tried, his mind would always wonder back to that any in Wakanda.
“Cassie.” – and ran out the building.
“That’s me. Can you buzz me in?” Scott yelled pointing to the Iron gate.
“I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again. I still miss the days when I was the weirdest thing science ever created.”
Steve was shocked. He was fond of Howard, they had spent a good amount of time together during the war. But he never realised how much Howard had admired him.
Just then a voice echoed throughout the room, making both of them jump.
Rocket was stunned into silence
“HE KILLED MY MOTHER!”
“Then isn’t that more incentive to work through your problems?”
Tony looked back towards Steve to see a surprised, grief ridden expression. It was a while before anyone broke the silence.
“You’re right Tony, I betrayed both of you. I am sorry for that. But it doesn’t change what I did, and I still stand by it. Bucky is my friend…he is… he was all I had left from 1945. I wasn’t ready to let that go. Steve stopped talking, he could feel the tears and pain welling up again. That was the first time he had said Bucky’s name out loud since that day in Wakanda. The memory of it was all too much. He just had to get out of the compound.
“We will Thor, but we can only do that together.” Steve answered
“You were willing to talk to him at Strange’s” Bruce countered
“Nat you don’t have to…”
Bruce was quick to answer. “Theoretically, Its an alternate dimension. It is believed to be a place where time and space don’t exist.” The explanation didn’t help Steve understand, but Bruce was already moving on to his next question for Scott.
“Bruce, just lay of Steve ok?” Nat spoke up. “I also knew about Stark parents, but I never said anything either. Why should Steve take the full blow from the fallout?”
Steve and Tony find themselves in the same room as each other after two years.
Steve’s breathing was normalising, but Tony kept on going. He had to get this off his chest.
She lobbed one his way, and he caught it by reflex. Now that he thought about it, he was parched. And for that matter, famished.
"I know you wouldn't, DUM-E. Null set. Statistical impossibility. Negative infinity. You could never be a bad guy. You're too good. That's... that's the whole point, really."
Not till he felt Tony pull back enough to reopen his airway, his lips going slack while he heaved in a sucking breath.
“--ens.”
Tony shrugged."Guess you didn't read the fine print. Times have changed. That agreement's expired. Null and void. Sorry, Steve."
also in a combat role. That would be well and truly too much for anyone.
Dead center of it all sat Tony Stark in full sprawl on a red velvet couch, the lines of his sleek, black suit disturbed only far enough for his belt and fly to spread open. Still, he revealed no skin; white shirt-tails dovetailed around hollowed cheeks, as Steve Rogers, clad only in a heavy, adamantium-beringed leather body harness and matching cock-cage, knelt between his legs with neck bent, containing Tony's cock in the luxury suite of his mouth.
Too blindsided to even wrap his arms around himself, Tony just stood there, wide open and defenseless, disembodied.
He nodded, satisfied, and got to his feet. Stopping to pick up the heap of his discarded clothing, he trailed a few steps behind as they made their way back over to the couch, availing himself of one last opportunity to admire her truly fantastic legs and ass.
Tony squeezed his eyes closed and took a deep breath before opening them again. "Nothing to fix, Cap. You had a little thing for me. I'm sorry you had to find out it wasn't mutual. And we both did what we thought we had to do. Look at the bright side! At least you got to have me once--"
Jellybeanforest, I love your fics, and I hope you enjoy your gift. I have to admit, I did not successfully complete the writing of this story to the full extent that I plotted it, in time to post it fully realized for this deadline. These chapters are an abridged version that functions as a stand-alone remix, but there is an additional opening and an additional closing chapter that bookend these, adding a lot of content and a few more twists.
She laughed, deep and throaty, and leaned down to retrieve -- something? -- a couple of small items, maybe -- from out of her purse. A shiny corner caught the light in a quick flare before she secreted whatever-it-was out of sight down the front of her dress.
," their man gasped out in a rising pitch, his rhythm stuttering and stalling. Steve's throat convulsed in Tony's hands as he took down the liquid shot into him with a low gurgle.
The hall was large, but retained its intimate ambiance with warm, low lighting and sumptuous, elegant decor, all lustrous wood, jewel tones, and plush carpets and cushions to sink into, miles deep.
Here was his Tony the way he liked him, composure recovered, batting his miles-long, bootblacked lashes. Twice. Slowly. And spinning his words out like taffy, sticky and full of sugar.
!” Tony's anguish tore out, wet and viscous as blood-soaked ash.
She took another slim packet from her purse and pulled out a moist towelette, offering one to him, as well. He accepted, setting his things down to the side.
“You know I didn't come here expecting this. You got something, or should I just spit on it?” he was talking sheer bravado and bullshit. Sounded hot as hell, speaking strictly of sex-fantasy, but he would never.
"Oh, don't do that. You'll make yourself bleed, what a shame. So what was it today?"
Her eyebrows arched and her glossed lips pursed. “There
She pushed both hands down her body from chest to mid thigh, pausing at the apex of her legs to triangle her thumbs obscenely. “
"What, you'd rather it'd happened in middle of the city?"
He wished he'd been in the armor when these alien bastards had come down, and blasted them to kingdom come for what they'd just destroyed.
"I can think of something worth risking that rugburn..."
They'd been silent since the search for survivors was called off. Now they spoke with rusty copper lips and soot-dry tongues.
"Suck him, Steve." Tony confirmed the order. "Put some effort into it. He's ready to go."
Of all the breadth of his sexual adventures it was the unspoken threshold he never crossed. But fuck, he couldn’t help but be led, just a footstep, into the deep, dark, well of temptation. “I…
Attired in a crisp, white dress shirt bisected by a slim, silver-grey tie tucked away between two buttons, and matched to the calf-length waist-apron worn over slacks just a shade darker, the bartender looked like a perfectly fabricated embodiment of the ambiance.
"He has neither complained nor confided in me, sir. At the moment, he has engaged his sleep mode, but when the cycle completes, I shall, if you wish, enquire."
Oversensitized as he was, Tony's tongue felt like wet velvet sandpaper rasping over his engorged shaft, catching every vein and ridge, just shy of starting to abrade. His body prickled all over and his addled brain belatedly caught up to Tony's request for handling. He took Tony's head between his palms, thumbs at his temples, feeling every working of his jaw as Tony set upon him in earnest, bobbing his head up and down on Steve's length, starting shallow, and going a little further every time. Steve took it as encouragement to meet his rhythm, kicking his hips for every increment Tony took him in.
"Imagine it? Something nice and slow."
half a lick
"I guess you did." He bent his brow in sham contemplation. "So would you like to pick it up, or shall I?"
The smart missiles had done their work with devastating, unerring precision.
“Open, if you think you can fill it,” she taunted, finally cutting their contact, sliding her hand free of his and gripping her other forearm low by her waist. It might have almost been demure if any other thing in her posture were rounded or relaxed, but she was all lines and angles, facing him square with her feet at hip-width, shoulders back, and chin tipped up.
Steve huffed. "I enjoy my soaps just fine without my pants around my ankles and your slobber all over my dick. It's distracting."
"No, you're right, though. Tony's right, DUM-E. It's definitely better to do one thing the best you can, then a whole lot of things half-assed."
The soft touch of her mouth was electric, delicate and daring, gentler by far than anything about her demeanor, and the shock that spiraled through him was beyond anything warranted even by the hint of hot, smooth, wetness from the inside of her lips.
By fifteen minutes before the ceremony, the guests would all have been gathered, mostly seated, perhaps a few still milling, the pews lining them into orderly rows queued for the slaughter.
Steve grinned and threw the gauntlet like he had the glycerine. "Babe, is that really the best pickup line you got?"
Steve broke his paralysis, picking up a length of black fabric from some supplies laid out on a sideboard. Maybe a not-quite towel. What was he--? He was smoothing and twisting it into a long strip, then holding it with one hand toward each end, and raising it in Tony's direction.
"JARV, would you buzz Steve's phone, please?"
a good cause.”
Two fingers pressed into him, scissored and stretched, and then three. Steve's were thick enough that with the trio spearing him open, he took a couple of clearly unintended brushes to his prostate. Each time, he swallowed a moan, his body shuddered with a quick twitch, and his dick filled a little fatter, hiked up a little higher. Each time, Steve paused in his ministrations, the brief cessation like an unspoken question, and Tony's lack of protest an equally nonverbal answer, sufficient for Steve to resume.
"Hey, Steve?"
He inched his left leg over, closing what had been the sightly open fall of his knees, and looked up into arctic blue eyes above razor-slash cheekbones, the better to feed the exsanguination she wore on her lips.
-- No!
Maybe he could still make this better.
“No, I’m--” Steve was better with real runaway trains. He could just push his legs and arms and heart to pump faster until he caught up. “Look, thank you for the drink, but I am, actually. Declining your… offer.”
, he almost responded by reflex, the previous phrase the one he’d fixed upon despite her final theatrical hiss. It was a correction he still had to make fairly frequently to people who assumed when they saw his ring -- especially when his marriage was one of the heart, not yet one of the law.
"Hey. It's ok. Whatever I said--"
They'd get this mess straighted out, and then he'd let Steve entice him into a proper dinner outside of the lab.
"And I will say the same to you, young man. Be welcome here."
He had the belated thought to rise, out of basic courtesy to a lady, but then she was at his right side, standing over him and quelling his aborted motion with a heavy, possessive grip on his shoulder,  finding anchor against bone through his jacket and shirt. Her right hand couldn’t span his thigh in quite the same manner, but the carmine-clawed arch of it, a palm’s width higher than his knee, was every bit as proprietary.
Then again, for all the amazing things Tony did, Steve had long since held him in as much esteem as any Avenger. Even though he stayed behind when the Assembles were called, in all the ways that mattered, Tony was one of them.
Long arms were good for something. He reached down and goosed the tight globe of Tony's ass, just because they were naked and it was a tempting, perfect curve, and he was allowed.
Shivering with aftershocks, he dissolved the blindfold forthwith when Steve threw himself from Tony's arms, stumbling and catching himself when Tony didn't enforce the restraint the way he'd seemed to expect. Blinking, Tony recalibrated for the light as Steve put himself back together, scowling at the sticky mess streaking the front of his briefs and uniform.
Now that she’d announced herself, it seemed she was banking on him being impressed by her name and fame. He took a wild stab, a roughly calculated risk, knowing he might be making an even bigger fool of himself.
Tony cocked his head in that considering way he had when he was concentrating on a tricky problem. Too bad he couldn't untangle Steve's unstable feelings the way he could sort out the wires and circuits of his exotic electronic gadgets.
Tony sent his several thousand concurrent Iron Sight camera-drone views to background processing, upon hearing the sound of footsteps. A heavy tread, if a little slower than it used to be. Ah, yes. He'd been waiting. His door was always open for Steve. He picked up his drink.
“Last rest stop through the desert, so if you need to do your business… I’m going to use the little girls’--”
The combined impression left him itchy and on-edge, unable to dispel a sense of vulnerability to attack from any direction. It reminded him of days marching through fog, nerves strung tight on high alert to the possibility of impending ambush, yet knowing full well they’d never see it coming till it was upon them.
Thumb like a wiper blade, he brushed back and forth, back and forth, across the beating pulse in Tony's wrist.
in the serendipity of finding a fellow pervert. Roger goddamn
Full and throbbing again, Steve's cock, shaft to head to dripping slit, was stretched out on the slab of Tony's tongue, but still ignored beyond incidental bumps of his palate and throat. He ran his hand down the back of Tony's neck and up again, roughing his hair the wrong way to get a taste of any friction at all, struggling to master himself.
The conversation could have gone a little differently.
Steve's back lit up with tingling streaks in the wake of Tony's stroking hands, and Tony was light and color firing up Steve’s own hands and arms as they wandered the breadth of Tony’s shoulders and the secret bony valley of his spine and the daring dip of his lower back that brought him tucking in closer against Steve with a low, chesty rumble.
Even that was eclipsed when Tony rolled Steve's exposed cockhead against the roof of his mouth, and flayed him with his tongue. He wielded it like a torturer's scalpel, licking razor-sharp lines around the ring of his foreskin and up the clefted underside, and honed it to a point, twisting at the raw opening of Steve's slit like he could screw it in down to the root and core the come straight out of Steve's balls.
"Fuck you, Stark," Steve repeated, venom-tongued. "I don't want this."
“Oh, of course,” he hastened to rectify. “I’m so sorry, how very rude of me. Steve--”
He couldn't stop himself from seeing it --
Steve's weight sank into the bed behind Tony. Unnaturally even breaths hit the back of his neck. His knee was raised and pressed forward. A hand, wet with smooth, heavy liquid, slid into his cleft and rubbed at his opening. Tony knew how to relax for this. He matched his breath as best he could to Steve's regulated rhythm, and pictured the air as a release of tension from his muscles.
"So, DUM-E, Tony says you've been unhappy."
He could hear her breathing, heavy and hoarse to match his own.
shoulders, not
"My point being that last night involved moving, and
. (Ok, that, and punching Nazis, and being the best body pillow in the history of the world, but still. Pep talks.)
As they settled, Steve followed a stray thought, flinging an arm back toward the couch, fumbling for the remote control he'd left behind, and thumbing off the power button by feel. The drone of the ongoing drama playing in the background fell to silence, and he returned his arm to wrap around Tony.
"Oh, don't be stuffy, Steve, come roll around with me on the floor," Tony carped, wrinkling his nose.
Just lassitude stealing through him, his earlier anxieties diluted in the wash of orgasm and the comforting heap of Tony's lithe weight. Even the tang of their exertions was grounding, ripe and earthy, giving him roots.
Their musk and perspiration commingled in the air till it seemed like he could taste her, even though this sex hadn’t been about mouths or kissing.
“Oh! I almost forgot.” Her hand came out of her pocket with something else balled up. She tossed it to Roger, a snippet of red winging its way over, unfurling in the air to loop over his fingers.
Tony let Steve's mostly-soft cock fall from his spit-slicked lips, licking at them to break a trailing string of saliva, and looked up.
, no more," and reaching down to cover his spent, softening flesh.
"Me... But we were there to... Us... together--"
the bit of science flitted across the background of his mind, still inadequate to explain the pull of watching her approach.
The man himself burst through, attired in full SHIELD uniform, his ferocious glare exaggerated by the recent anti-makeover. Steve pretended not to be bitter -- about the aging, at least. It was less than obvious with his teeth already floating in a cocktail of vinegar and rue.
At the top of the stairs, she produced a tiny, flat clutch purse from inside her jacket, and pulled out a key. The door was dark-stained with an opaquely frosted window in the upper half; he boxed her in as she unlocked it, covering her back, fitting his fingers around her ribcage, and circling his hips lewdly against her skirt. His dick stirred, starting to search out what was underneath. “Appetizers,” he murmured into the back of her neck, tantalizing his lips with the flutter of goosebumps over her skin and feeling his own prickle up in a hot shiver of sympathetic response.
His own slacks were a little wrinkled, but not terribly the worse for wear, and would cover his fluid-streaked shirt tails, which had not fared as well. They both had jackets, which had remained out of the line of fire, and would help maintain some semblance of dignity on the way out, too. Starla had slipped into hers, and with a small grimace, was wiggling her stocking-clad feet back into her shoes.
Tony's hands stilled. His head dropped and his shoulders drooped. He looked as poured out from under his skin as Steve felt. Listing heavily to the side and letting his weight fall onto one hand, he ended up half-reclining as he lowered his backside to the floor. Oddly, he proceeded to use his other hand to help pull his legs the rest of the way around in front of him, before flopping to his back on the carpet with a pained groan, and contorting his face through a strange series of expressions.
Steve panted, sweat-sheened and red in the face. "You... bastard," he gritted out. "Don't... mock me."
"Hm? Ah, yeah, whatcha got?" Tony glanced over. The bot had turned around to face forward and had left the charging station, at least, but was still quiescent, parked a few feet in front of it with his claw-head resting nearly on the floor.
Here where they stood, though, the walls and floor were covered by exquisitely woven rugs, circular and oval, rectangular and square. Their sizes differed wildly, as did the imagery they bore, ranging from pictorial to geometric, some muted and others nearly glowing with vibrant color. Several were clearly featured, displayed entirely unobscured, while others were layered together, each covering portions of the next. Still others, mostly smaller pieces, were piled waist-high in stacks.
Tony was the cocksucking champion of Steve's world, and this was not the way he'd earned the title.
"Oh, no, darling, I did tell you this was for you. And I also more than got mine. I promise, you haven't fallen down on your duties." Tony smirked. "I'm just thankful your priorities are in the right place. I really did think you were too dedicated a viewer to be so easily
"I... I hate having you think you're not good enough."
Steve's voice cut in, with a clipped edge."Tony? You can take that off now."
Of course, Tony's speedy sports car had never been intended to accommodate transport of an enormous rolled carpet, so they hightailed it home and met the shop's delivery truck upon its arrival a few minutes later. The driver offered his services along with those of his helper to do the unloading, but Tony waved them off, leaving them with what Steve was sure was an outrageously overblown tip.
He backed it out with a little swivel on the way and went right for two. Those went up in there just about as easy, her mouthy hole practically sucking them in, and her noises all airing her approval, lewd and lovely: “damn, I’m wet for you,” and “yeah, get in there,” and “good,
, if it made the point for DUM-E, that was the important thing.
"Ah, sorry about…” He gestured toward the once-glamorous dress, rife with snags, creases, and stains.
He ducked to the left to swipe his forehead against the sleeve on his free arm, then, one-handed, reached behind himself and stripped the perspiration-patched t-shirt over his head. He lifted his hand from Tony's hair for just long enough to free it from the sodden cloth, which he tossed to the carpet.
Tony sighed, following JARVIS's holographic indicators around the lab to collect everything DUM-E had just "put away." He opened the mini-fridge to grab the safety goggles and scooped up the wire strippers from the mop sink, chucked the latter into the appropriate tool drawer and hung the former on the hook panel.
"Roger.”
Tony's hand stopped circling. He looked down; he looked up. He kept a straight face, mostly, but there were jumping-bean twitches at both of their lips.
"And then even if you don't get something right, it won't be because you didn't try your hardest."
ok, that was enough, before breaking the contact. ,
“Seven.”
Tony stroked him, his armored thumb spreading the drops of liquid leaking at the head, luxuriating in the slide of hard flesh through the smooth metal covering his palm.
She looked over her shoulder, and at least he didn’t turn into a pillar of salt.
The water was still running. The room had grown warmer. His logic ran cold.
to be sitting there and getting comfortable and letting me spoil you, while you watch the rest of your show."
In silent agreement, they wandered without speaking for a while, splitting to opposite sides of the oval: a short, not-quite reprieve from what they must face.
"I hate you, I
The water was perfectly hot, and the air was perfectly steamed, and their hair was plastered to their skulls, and Tony had just started working some lather through the dark strands that fanned from the scarred center line of his chest, and Steve's dick was starting to fill out just from touching his his tongue to the roof of his mouth to begin the sentence.
Every offering presented was magnificent. Steve didn't know if Tony had any particular criteria in mind, this whole outing having been so capricious, but it soon became obvious that he and Tony agreed upon two as the clear-cut standouts. Similar in size and sumptuous texture, one was off-white with figures in light earth tones: a sizeable central circle blocked into quadrants of pale blue, gold, rose, and green, with a smaller, more elaborately detailed triangular section in each corner.
Steve offered his right hand and had it accepted for a more traditional American handshake, the old man's bones light, but his grip sure. "A pleasure, Mr. Bassat." Regardless of the words exchanged with Tony about titles and respect, Steve certainly hadn't earned the first-name basis. "Any friend of Tony's is a friend of mine."
“You were in the movies… you had blonde hair, back then?” When he thought of modern-day Hollywood, that was what came to mind: an endless parade of bottle-blonde young actresses. He could only hope it was a fair excuse for why he wouldn’t have put her name to her face right away.
He turned his face and swiped the sweat off his forehead, and could feel the rings spreading under his arms. They smelled, they reeked, of metal and salt, arousal and exertion and unholy carnal sin, and Roger was flying on it.
Steve could never tire of watching him like this, wanton and shamelessly debauched. He'd drink it in for every second he could indulge, but it was no surprise that Tony was past the point of prolonging this. It wasn't more than a minute or two before he convulsed and and came with a keening cry and a spreading stain that darkened the satin of his pants.
, that throaty rasp to her voice, out in the open and hidden from no one, he had done that, too. It was a savory morsel feeding his pride and whetting his hunger even more, making him want to gorge himself on all the ways he could inflame her with his sensual attentions.
Steve spoke his name in warning, and laid hands on him, guided him to the bed-platform, and arranged him on his right side. Hypersensitized by sightlessness, Tony was raw to the unfamiliar fiber texture of the sheets, to the foreign tensile factor and deep, sluggish roll of the pseudo-mattress, like a half-congealed waterbed, a slow gravity well, reluctant to conform to the contour of his body.
"Or to put ten things in the wrong place." Oops, like Tony's mouth had just put itself in the wrong place. He raised his hands. "Sorry, sorry."
"And the whole team was in on this," Tony confirmed.
"That would be a sight to see, and they more than deserve the acknowledgment." Tony said with great sincerity. "I'll commission that from you another time, Salah, but I really want to take something home today." He smiled with self-deprecating charm. "You know how I can be impulsive."
Tony. The sex tapes and scandals had been Tony of the past. Tony was all for Steve now, he had promised him, and Steve wouldn't be here if he didn't believe it.
He paused.
And then Steve could give Tony a nice rubdown, as thanks and reward for seeing to his needs so thoroughly. It was such poor form, after all, to skimp on the aftercare.
to grumble about it.
Coming from Tony, that was either the finest compliment or the lowest insult he'd ever been handed. Coming from Tony, Steve figured he'd just take it as both.
So call it cheating, but he was calling Steve. Steve would know what to say.
There was simply no argument with this level of perfection, and Steve was part of it, the single external component to make the system complete.
When he stepped through the door, a few seconds off the pace, Steve had the shower started, and was facing into the room. He acknowledged Tony with a turn of his head, his body following. He was grim-faced, lips pressed tight, and eyes hard, still wearing his full tac-suit, but several of the panels were unfastened, with straps dangling. Tony could see him tight with containing an unhealthy vibration, the set of his shoulders and the tilt of his head minutely awry, like mismatched parts all out of alignment and barely staying glued.
