When he was finished, he allowed Charlie to take his plate and refill his wine, and picked up his pencil thoughtfully.
He could see Charlie paying close attention as he ate, without looking knew that there would be people pressed up against the kitchen door, watching him through the small window. A food critic always caused a big stir, and Castiel knew he had quite the following. His reviews had been the make-or-break for a lot of restaurants over the years.
“Can I ask why?” Dean’s voice sounded strange even to his own ears. It was expressionless, matter-of-fact. He couldn’t even control the words coming out of his mouth, it was like they were slipping out of their own free will.
Dean smiles and slides the pictures into the album. He loves hearing more about Castiel’s life. The tedious task quickly turns to fun as Castiel occasionally tells a story of a photograph, and the heated atmosphere between them slowly fizzles out.
A curse, a crash, and then Balthazar appeared, opening his door properly. “Confound it all, Cassie, can’t a man avoid his responsibilities without you appearing and distracting me?”
“How was the dessert?” He asked sheepishly. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to get my smooth talk on and be unprofessional. I just couldn’t help it, you just looked so gorgeous sitting there, enjoying my food, and…”
“Nonsense,” Benny talked over him loudly, the twinkle in his eye growing more pronounced as he turned towards the kitchen door. Apparently Dean had gotten to him, too. “Dean, there’s a patron here who wants to pass on his compliments.”
Letting himself into their living room, he shrugged out of his jacket, tossing it on the back of his favourite armchair. “Cas?” he called out. “You home?”
“Lawrence, Kansas.” Dean hummed distractedly as he opened the trunk and pulled out one of the boxes weighing down his car. “How about you?”
Castiel snorted. “But we were never equals, were we? You got to say everything you wanted and then you left me. I didn’t even get to ask why. I didn’t even get to tell you I understood, that I never wanted you to risk your job by sneaking around with me. That I’d never ask you to wait for me, but that I would wait for you. You just ended it and didn’t give a crap what I thought.”
“It’s...amazing,” Castiel sighed. “I mean, everything in here always is. You have a wonderful way with flavour. But this is somehow… everything I love about baking. It’s not as sweet as I would have expected, but there’s still so much depth of flavour.”
“I know I would have.” A gentle hand rested on his shoulder and Dean closed his eyes, fighting back tears. “But I regret losing you more.”
“Then go!” Dean eventually lost his temper. “You know where the door is. If it’s so awful living with me, then leave. But I’m not gonna sit here and pretend it isn’t like a fucking slap in the face that, even though it’s the next natural step for our relationship, you won’t even consider it.”
“There’s a carriage out the back that will take you as far as Lille. It will be a long journey. From there you should cross the border.” Dean told them, quietly. “Good luck.”
“I’m gonna turn in,” Dean told him shortly after midnight. “Back at work tomorrow. Can I kiss you goodnight?”
Castiel shook his head. “We have a delivery coming at the restaurant and I need to showcase the seasonal menu. What about Wednesday.”
“I said I’m ready now.” Castiel flushed. “I’ve been ready for months. Do you know how hard it’s been to put a stop to things when they were getting heated?”
write remarkable poetry while you struggle at both?” He added, dryly, feeling satisfied as Crowley flushed angrily and returned to his notes while his classmates chuckled with laughter.
Swallowing, he took an extra-large bite, reaching for some of the flatbread. “It’s so good,” he mumbled around the mouthful. “Best I’ve ever had.”
Castiel sighed. He simply didn’t have the time to wait, but he wanted to thank and repay Dean for his kindness on Wednesday. He pushed his way to the bakery door, apologising and ignoring all the angry patrons telling him not to cut in line.
Castiel was yanked to his feet, a baton shoved under his chin, forcing his head back. “Auditions, sir.”
Tessa smiles. She waves her hand to the side and Dean follows the movement to look at the clock. The hands speed up again and Dean sobs.
“Order up! Table twelve, one sweetbreads, one pigeon. What is it, Charlie?” He asked exasperatedly, tugging his sleeve free from her grasp.
Castiel wipes the back of his hand across his mouth, smoothing down his hair and giving a jerky nod. “I understand,” he rasps out, clearing his throat. “I do understand. We can… we can see where things go when we’re both sober.”
As he stalked past the black car – and a very nice car it was, an Impala if Castiel wasn’t mistaken – he was already dialling the campus number to report the stolen parking bay. Whoever had the audacity to inconvenience him was going to get a nasty surprise when they received a ticket. It would be cheaper just to pay for the reserved stall.
Benny folded his arms and glared. “Well shit, that makes it all better. I must have missed the part of the academy where they taught us an apology negates
“Well, why do you always say no? Why won’t you give me a chance? I think we’d have a nice time,” Dean finished lamely.
It might have been longer, but the atmosphere between them when they accidentally ran into each other in the house was stifling, and he didn’t manage to get a wink of sleep alone. It quickly became unbearable and eventually he approached a thoroughly desolate Castiel in the living room and embraced him.
He scooped Castiel off his feet with a grunt, and carried him over to the bed, kicking the door closed behind them.
It was possible that Castiel would have gotten more hostile at the line of questioning, but the door opened and Benny stepped inside, interrupting anything either of them might have said. He settled down across from Castiel clutching his own cup of coffee, eyeing him suspiciously.
“Yes, I—” Castiel paused and actually gave that scenario some thought. “No, I wouldn’t. I’d have probably given him my number. You’re right.”
When the bill was paid and he’d left Charlie a sizeable tip, he tilted his head as he asked if it would be possible to speak to Dean once again before his departure. Dean seemed to have been expecting this, and emerged from the kitchen quite quickly.
Dean flushed a little at the question, like he always did. It made him uncomfortable, feeling like he was going to be judged. But nobody here knew him, knew the difficulties he’d had studying in high school. “History,” he eventually mumbled. “I was never really the academic type. I’m not so hot on the numbers side of things. But I’m good at remembering dates and symbols and really old languages and stuff. So I figured maybe I’d go down the ancient history route. What about you?”
“We’ve met,” he agreed, carefully. He wasn’t sure what kind of footing they were on right now. The last few weeks had been awkward to say the least, with lingering looks but always ending with them both leaving the classroom as soon as possible to avoid any conversation.
Castiel groaned, but didn’t object. Tea sounded pretty good right now, and maybe Gabriel being there would field off Dean’s unwanted attention for the day.
Only one student remained, staring around at the empty yard with a slight wobble to her lip. “Mr. Cas, I don’t see Jody.” She tugged at his sleeve, tears threatening. “Am I gonna be left here all alone?”
Dean shrugged, a smile tugging at the side of his mouth. “What can I say, I’m pretty gone on you, Cas. But you have to keep out of trouble. You’re probably going to get another six months for this. If you keep your head down and finish your sentence, then I’ll wait for you. But no more fooling around in here. Okay?”
“It could,” Dean said casually, and Castiel glanced at him, his heart skipping a beat. Was Dean saying what Castiel thought he was saying? He’d never even dreamed…
Dean decided not to point out that was his house because it was clear that Castiel had instantly forgotten him, lost in the methodical task of designing a dish. Dean stuck around and watched as Castiel began gathering ingredients together, humming softly.
Castiel nodded, his free hand fisting into the soft covers as he felt heat begin to pool in his stomach, felt the telltale signs of his impending release as his balls tightened. “Dean,
Strong hands knotted into his hair as Dean’s lips parted against his. Castiel’s momentary surprise faded quickly, to be replaced by something aching in his chest, but he focused on the sensation of Dean’s mouth on his, tongue coaxing all kinds of muffled moans from him.
He’d just finished pulling himself together when he heard Castiel’s car pull up outside. Forgoing the awkwardness of making him knock, Dean opened the door as Castiel reached it.
“Exactly,” Sam smirked. “You wouldn’t even entertain that idea. So why do you think Cas would? He’s in this for the long haul, Dean, we’ve known that since you first brought him home with you for the holidays. He couldn’t take his eyes off you and clearly that hasn’t changed.” He nodded past Dean at the opening doorway, where Castiel was standing, his hands wringing together nervously.
Dean dropped onto the offered seat, his arm stretching casually over the back, behind Castiel, whose cheeks pinkened. He suddenly found the flyer a lot more interesting without actually reading it.
He closed his eyes and accepted the kiss to his forehead as Castiel leaned forward. “You can do this. You’ve made it this far, this was the hard part.” He hesitated and then Dean felt a hand cupping his cheek, his eyes opening at the tender touch. “I won’t blame you if can’t. We can still let you off if you don’t think you can manage the take-off.”
Castiel dug his heels in, refusing to be coerced towards the sketchy-looking store front. He didn’t know why Dean had gotten it into his head that he wanted to try and go to a witchy-wicca-hybrid store, but Castiel wasn’t getting involved.
“You heard me,” Dean snapped. “I don’t know what your problem is, man, but you’ve been a dick to me from the beginning, and now you’re actively out to sabotage my
There was silence, and Dean listened to see if Castiel would try again. He didn’t. There was the sound of shuffling feet as Castiel walked away and then there was silence. Dean sighed with relief, lying back on his bed. He didn’t want to fight any more, but that didn’t mean he was ready to talk things through yet either.
Castiel glanced over at Dean, who had a fond smile on his face and a strange look in his eyes. “The silliest,” he said at last. “We’ll just have to show him that strawberries are the best, huh?”
He softened. “You’re worrying me, okay? I’m just concerned about you. I love you, but you’re not taking care of yourself and I feel so helpless. Can you at least make some time to eat meals with me?”
Dean’s smile grew wider. “I’ll leave you to your dinner, Castiel, but I’ll make you a deal. If you order dessert? I’ll make it personally.” He returned to the kitchen, leaving Castiel slightly flushed, distracted completely from the meal sitting in front of him.
long and Castiel hadn’t even made a mess. The last time Dean had made bread, there had been flour all up the cabinets for days.
“So you’re the asshole that parked in my space this afternoon! You shouldn’t steal someone else’s space, it’s your own fault for not paying for your own damn stall.”
,” Dean snapped, effectively cutting him off. “I love you, but if you don’t calm down, you’re going to put yourself in hospital and then you’ll definitely fail the bar exam, because you won’t be in any state to take it.”
Beside him, the redhead—Charlie, Castiel remembered—was already ringing his order through the register. “That’ll be seven dollars exactly.”
Castiel stared at the dessert for a long moment, before giving in and taking a spoonful. Naturally it was divine, not too sweet, not too bitter. The cocoa content of the chocolate was masked by the flavour of the tonka bean in the mousse. Despite previously worrying that he wouldn’t have room for the dessert, there was nothing left on his plate at the end.
. He simply had nothing to rush home for. No welcome arms of a boyfriend or a husband to greet him. Just a brother that stopped by on occasion, but Gabriel was out of town.
“Then you practically had your mom adopt me when my parents disowned me,” Castiel continued like he hadn’t heard Dean’s interruption. “You helped me fill out a million application forms and made sure I was never alone for any of the holidays or breaks. Then you got
So why couldn’t he ever muster up a smile and show that he was happy for the guy? Dean chose his next words carefully.
Castiel nodded, brightening instantly at the invitation. He took Dean’s hand to pull himself up and didn’t let go immediately, taking an extra second of comfort before they ran down the hill to start the long walk home.
“You’ll always have me,” Gabriel promised, a hitch in his own voice. “I just… need to be on my own for a while. I just have to get out of here. I would have gone years ago if it wasn’t for you. I tried so hard to stay until you went to college, but I can’t do it. Every day I’m around them, a little more of me dies. I have to leave.”
Balthazar twisted his face. “The less said about that the better, to be honest. We just weren’t compatible. No chemistry. Quite awkward.”
That was an answer that Castiel could understand and latch onto. That was why he was so concerned over how things had changed with Dean over the last week or so. He was feeling indebted to him and that was clouding his judgement.
“He is?” All previous signs of tears disappeared as Claire cheered, bouncing on the spot as she looked around again, seeking any sign of her uncle. “Yay! That means I get lots of cake.”
Castiel buries his head in his hands and Sam stalks out of the room. Dean closes his eyes, feeling tears leak out of them. Why had he had that last drink? Why hadn’t he just gone home? If it wasn’t for that goddamn phone call –
Castiel shook his head. “I think we should. It wasn’t just the lying that hurt you, Dean. I could see how much it affected you that I made an escape plan. I’d like to talk about that with you. I really think we should discuss it.”
Castiel gave him a pleading look, one filled with insecurity and need. Even then, it still took Dean a few seconds to get that Castiel just wanted intimacy, to curl up and cuddle without having to voice his want aloud. “You know what? That sounds perfect.”
Castiel floundered, trying to find some excuse to argue with Dean, but he couldn’t and they both knew it. Nothing Dean had said was unreasonable, and they both knew it. Dean could pinpoint the exact moment he knew he’d won, when Castiel sighed and shuffled off towards the bathroom.
The flight attendant looked uncertain, but gave a cautious nod. “Oh, he didn’t mention you’d be travelling with us. I’ll see if he’s free.”
“Yeah, I went to see Bobby. He made a couple of calls and it turns out he knows one of the professors at the University of Kansas. An old drinking buddy or fishing buddy or something. Probably both, knowing Bobby.” Dean laughed. “Anyway, the professor was looking for a research assistant. The money isn’t great but it’ll cover what we need for expenses and give us about a hundred bucks a month to build up our savings again.”
Claire slipped her tiny hand into Castiel’s, and they walked leisurely out of the gates and through the park.
Dean barely remembered the drive to the airport. The packed bag in the back of the Impala made everything more real and the nerves were beginning to overtake him. Most of the journey was made on autopilot, and Dean was glad there was very little traffic or he probably would have caused an accident.
Closing his eyes, Dean reached out to curve his hand around the back of Castiel’s neck, bringing him in closer and deepening the kiss. He’d never considered kissing Castiel before this moment, but now it was happening, Dean wondered how he could have overlooked this the whole time. It felt right. It felt the way that Castiel living with him did.
“Hey, Benny,” Castiel greeted. The upside of being a regular meant that he was familiar with pretty much all of the rotating staff at Morning Sunshine.
Dean opened his mouth and closed it. “Can you explain to me how I’m not supposed to take that badly? Are you planning to have an escape plan for the entirety of our relationship, Cas? If we got married, would you still be leasing this apartment in case we divorce?”
Dean shrugged. “I mean, look at the requirements. Both partners must be over 18 and been in a committed relationship for a minimum of six months. Cohabiting preferred.”
“You said you owned your own restaurant and you left your sous chef in charge. You should still be getting money, right? A salary or profits or whatever. So –”
“Yes. Second floor, end of the hallway, first door on the right. Professor Castiel Novak. If you’ll excuse me, my tea is getting cold. I will expect you shortly after six pm. Goodbye.”
The student in question was offering a stipend of $50 a week for eight weeks—the money coming from their PhD sponsor—to twenty-five student couples who participated in the study. They would need to keep a daily log and answer some set questions, to be turned in every week. There was also a small disclaimer that none of the questions would be too intrusive.
“No,” Castiel said gently. “I don’t. I’m sure you’re a lovely person, Dean. I’m just not interested in dating you and that’s not likely to change any time soon.”
Before Dean could give any further commands, clarity returned to the blue eyes. He looked at the knife and at the guns and then tossed it aside quickly.
An enthusiastic redhead greeted him from behind the counter. “Good evening. Can I help you guys find anything?”
“I don’t think I’m ready to move out.” The words were whispered, like Castiel didn’t have the courage to admit them any louder.
Castiel gave a polite smile and inclined his head. “Well, here I am. What opinion do you hold of the dishes I ordered?”
It wasn’t enough, he’d been spoiled. The touch of his own hand was one of human things that had thrilled him at first, but after his body had followed his heart and been wholly possessed by Dean, it simply wasn’t enough anymore. He groaned, a mixture of pleasure and distress as he knew without a doubt he would never be able to come like this. He needed more, he needed–
His smile seemed to be contagious because Castiel grinned right back, all gums and shiny white teeth. “Me too.”
“I was homeless when we met. I put all my faith into my ex-partner and our relationship and when it ended, I was left with nowhere to go. I didn’t want that to happen again. I love you, Dean, but I can’t risk ending up on the streets again.”
, as crazy as that was. But Castiel often came out of his reverie, three new colours in his sketchbook, to find Dean smiling at him.
that was used to his every order being obeyed. “The people will fail and learn their place as they have always done before. You will release my son.”
“I… the apartment isn’t available yet. Maybe we should point her in the direction of another place?”
“Now that would be a compliment,” Dean smiled, turning to head back to the counter as Castiel leaned forward and took a bite.
Dean just shook his head. “You lied to me, Cas. There’s no explaining that. Just… stay in the guest room when you get home tonight.”
“I really am sorry. I know that doesn’t change anything. I never meant to hurt you. I… I wasn’t even aware you were there until you touched me.”
It was about an hour later when Dean left his bedroom and made his way downstairs to Castiel. They’d missed dinner and the snowfall was still heavy, blanketing the street outside. Maybe he’d try and convince Castiel to bundle up warm and make a snowman with him after they ate.
“No, we can’t. But we can choose how to spend the years we have ahead. I’m not suggesting we pick up where we left off. Too much has happened and too much time has gone by for that. But I know that I miss you, and I’ve had enough regret to last a lifetime. And I know I’d regret it if I let you leave without making it clear that I still care for you. I never stopped.”
“I’m leaving.” Gabriel told him, gesticulating wildly. “I can’t take it there anymore, Cassie. I can never do anything right, they
“I told them the truth,” Castiel admitted, eventually, his voice hoarse from crying. “They were going on about me wasting my time here and going on at me about how my brother threw his life away going to college and living in sin, and how I was always the good boy. So I told them their precious good boy was gay and dating his very male roommate.”
His tone is one that is preparing for Dean to refuse. So Dean takes another, steadying breath. “That sounds perfect. Leave now? I love you, Cas.”
,” Castiel whispered, his eyes closing in a desperate attempt to block out that last expression on Dean’s face. He wanted to remember the happier times they had together. “Please forgive me. I can’t go with you.”
“Will you at least come back tonight?” He asked, quietly. “You still have all of your stuff there. I’ll cancel dinner with Sam on Wednesday and rearrange for another time. Weather permitting, we’ll move your stuff in then. But please come back tonight.”
He wasn’t sure if he moved first or if Castiel did, but suddenly they were kissing and his fists were curled around Castiel’s shoulders, bunching the fabric of his trenchcoat.
There was a moment of awkward silence between them that was interrupted by a loud beep from the kitchen. Dean got to his feet hurriedly.
He kissed Dean with lips that were still smeared with lavender sugar, soft and sweet and filled with intent. It was brief and chaste, but Dean didn’t seem to need long to catch up and get on board. The slight inhalation as Castiel kissed him was the only measure of his surprise. Surprise, but happiness.
Castiel stood in the shade of the oak tree, squinting in the darkness. “Dean?” he called out. “Are you here?”
The bartender holds out a bottle of whiskey, an eyebrow raised. Dean looks down at his empty glass and then pushes it forward with one finger. “Fill ‘er up.”
He took a moment to take in all of the details. A psychology postgraduate was writing their doctorate thesis on relationships during college and the effects on their studies.
Dean inclined his head. “I used honey instead of sugar. I stumbled on your collection when I was looking for a glass. At first I thought you might just be really unhealthy, but then I thought maybe you just preferred to sweeten things with honey instead of sugar.”
“Out, Cas!” He snaps. “Just get the fuck out.” He doesn’t look as Castiel’s hand withdraws, and doesn’t glance back until he hears the sound of the door click shut.
Dean let that sink in and he released Castiel’s hand, pulling his own back across the table. He felt something cold settle in his chest and was struggling to find a way to reply. “What do you mean?”
It was almost a relief, once he closed the door. Castiel’s presence clouded his judgement, left him unable to think. Dean drove away, pointedly not looking at Castiel in his mirrors as he did so.
“Thank you,” she hesitated for a moment and then gave an awkward giggle, leaning down. “Sorry to bother you, but I was trying to decide if it was you or not… are you Castiel Novak, the food critic?”
“It’s been… real nice, having someone around the house,” Dean muttered, eventually. “Gonna be weird, coming home to an empty place again. I guess what I’m trying to say is… I’ll miss you.”
Dean scoffed. “Then your love for me doesn’t give you the right to take back pie that was implied to me a gift for me.”
“Meg. Yeah, you two were always close.” Dean nodded, averting his gaze. “Mine’s Benny. He went back to Louisiana in junior year of high school. He didn’t ever believe in that soulmate crap anyway. Least my dad has to accept my soulmate is a guy now. Nothing he can do about that.”
She wasn’t even that pretty, Castiel thought bitterly, although he couldn’t deny her pale complexion and cropped red hair were a striking combination. He just hadn’t thought she was Dean’s type at all.
Castiel sighed, long and loud. “It’s a rolling lease. If we take her up on the offer now, we’ll get a refund on some of this month’s rent and we’ll get to keep next month’s. We could actually salvage some of our savings.”
Castiel decided it was in his best interest to do as he was told. He followed Dean out to his car, with no time to admire it before he was bundled inside. He reached for his seatbelt, but Dean was already there.
Charlie just rolled her eyes and swept back into the dining room, as Dean called for service on table twenty-one.
“Morning, sunshine,” he said firmly. “A cup of earl grey and the special of the day, for here. What is it?”
He might have imagined it, but he thought Dean’s expression softened a little at the apology, even as he settled behind the wheel. “You weren’t rude, you were honest. The words might have been unkind, but that doesn’t mean they weren’t accurate. But for future reference, apologies can wait until you’re better. You don’t drag your ass into a place that sells food when you’re under the weather.”
Of course he was sure about his place in Dean’s life. It was just something entirely different to see proof of it.
Taking a deep breath, Dean collects himself. “I’m at the Roadhouse,” he begins, and then pushes forward. “My dad died today. And I’m thinking about quitting my job tomorrow.”
Castiel shook his head, feeling moisture threaten his eyes again but he was all cried out. He didn’t think he could talk about it, not even to his best friend. His parents taking their fury and bad moods out on his brother was too much to deal with right now. Gabriel was just about to finish up his senior year, and his GPA hadn’t quite met their parent’s standards.
“Ah,” Castiel nodded, reaching out to take the brandy from Balthazar and pouring himself a drink. “That explains why I don’t recognise a lot of people here. It was a nice idea to invite them. Yours?”
He found refuge on a bench along the street and settled there, feeling his racing pulse slowly subside into less of a hum, and actually resemble individual beats. Castiel balled his hands into fists and pressed them into his eyes, cursing anything and everything under his breath.
In the safety of his office, Castiel sank into the chair, setting his drink down as he took gulps of air, trying to calm his nerves. Wow. He hadn’t expected to even see Dean tonight, yet to be confronted with a side of him that was so intensely attractive, so charismatic, Castiel hadn’t been able to breathe.
“Huh? No,” Castiel shook his head, chewing on his lip. “I just… I have something to tell you, but I don’t know how to say it.”
Briefcase clutched in his other hand, Castiel hip-checked the door to the Continental shut, hurrying into the building to seek warmth. It was destined for snow in the next week or two, that was obvious. Making his way through the winding hallways, Castiel stopped just before he reached his office, sticking his head into Balthazar’s office. Balthazar was the Department Chair, so he only taught two classes this semester.
He stroked himself smoothly, twisting his hand on the downwards pull. His hips moved in a regular motion, pushing himself up into his hand with choked exhales of pleasure. Heat ignited in his stomach, his whole body felt aflame, a flush extending from his cheeks all the way to his groin. Castiel’s eyes slowly closed as he gave himself over to the shocks of pleasure, his body trembling with need as he rocked upwards into his fist. His thumb swiped over the head, smearing the drops of precome beginning to leak.
“Kill me,” Castiel moaned, burying his face in Dean’s neck. “Fuck, my parents are on their way! They just called me to say they were about an hour away from campus. They’re here visiting one of my aunts who lives in San Jose but this is close enough that they want to check on me.”
!” Castiel’s father thundered. “You’ve done your duty and informed us of the threat to our lives. We will take the appropriate action and you can be on your way. In the future, you would do well to remember yourself and treat my son with the respect he deserves.”
He could feel Castiel’s presence behind him, watching him, yet there was something so familiar about the process, that it wasn’t unnerving. For the first time since he’d bumped into Castiel, he felt himself relax.
Dean brightened considerably. “Actually, yeah, I had a stroke of luck. I was on my way to administration and there was a guy handing out flyers. I wasn’t going to stop but then I heard someone mention that the money they were offering was amazing, so you know.”
He slid out bed silently, not wanting to disturb Cas. He’d probably have fallen asleep by now. Dean would just quickly slip downstairs and bring his food up to bed. Padding to the door, Dean cracked it open quietly and stepped out, immediately tripping over a squishy object.
“In a tea caddy?” The voice repeated in disbelief. “I don’t even own a tea… oh! You mean the frou-frou tea place that my brother dragged me to this morning?
“The money would be good,” he mumbled. “And it beats you coming home smelling of burger grease. I guess if we actually did the study properly, based it on our friendship, it wouldn’t exactly be skewing the results.” He finished carefully.
Hope infused Castiel’s voice. “Yeah, I’ll be home in about an hour. My flight out isn’t till tomorrow morning so I’ll be back for the night if you –”
It was beautiful and fascinating, and no two colours were ever the same at any time. He supposed it all came down to the experience of the individual, how heightened they felt that particular emotion and what was causing it. It had taken him a long time to understand that there were people behind the colours, identities that could not be summed up by the level of wrath or excitement they were feeling that day. If he focused hard enough, he could tune out the colours and focus on the face behind them. But not completely. There was always a tinge that betrayed what the person in question was feeling.
Sam rolled his eyes, already done with Dean’s melodramatic pacing and sighing and gesticulating. “What do you have to be nervous about? You’ve been together for
He watched Benny lead him to the custody reception and felt a sense of conflict within himself. This didn’t feel like doing his duty at all. This felt like failure.
Castiel smiled weakly, nodding, but he couldn’t quite bring himself to believe it. “Did you want to do it now or wait until after dinner?”
“Got your soulmate at home waiting for you?” The bartender smiles, gesturing to Dean’s arm, which is covered by the sleeves of his jacket.
Tessa shook her head, and she looked sad. “It’s only temporary. I can’t make your pain go away permanently, Dean. But I can speed things along. After all, time flies.”
“Alright,” he raised his voice, commanding the attention of his staff. "Last order of one sweetbreads, one pigeon? This is now the most important dish you will ever make in your life. There’s a food critic in the restaurant, Castiel Novak no less. If anyone screws this dish, they’ll be out on their ass. Get it?”
With a cry, Claire flung herself on Dean, who forgot he was supposed to be out of breath and lifted her up into the air, twirling her round. Castiel watched them, his heart full at the sight of them both laughing.
Dean whirled around, blowing air out of his nostrils. “Don’t tell me to calm down, Sammy, I will kick your ass.”
Castiel buried his face in his hands and tried to compose himself, trying to hide tears that stung his eyes, even though he couldn’t stop them falling. Then hands were encircling his wrists, pulling his arms down and away from his face, a familiar, almost tender touch that just made the ache in his chest worse.
Castiel felt a lump rise in his throat, tears stinging his eyes. “She died. Overdosed at a frat party in freshman year. Yours?” He didn’t even try to disguise who he was talking about. Dean would know.
Dean tossed the key he’d planned to give to Benny into the fire pit, and grabbed his car keys. Steak would leave a bitter taste in his mouth now, and he just wanted to spend the rest of the night wallowing. Starting with a whole quart of ice cream.
He knew Dean should be at home by now. That he’d no doubt be missing family commitments or spending time with Sam, but if Dean even thought about it, he never said a thing. Didn’t even make an attempt to move, or leave Castiel to it.
It was no different this year. By the time he arrived in the faculty lounge, all of the other professors were already gathered, pouring drinks and listening to music. They always wore formal attire, so Castiel was dressed in a fitted navy jacket, with a white shirt underneath. Castiel threaded his way through the crowd of tuxedos and evening dresses, looking for Balthazar and wondering why there were so many people he didn’t recognise here this year.
He took his seat, trying to calm himself down and ignore his clammy skin and sweaty palms. The flight was by no means full, the seat next to him thankfully remaining free once everyone was on board. At least he’d have to deal with one less passenger staring at him when he inevitably passed out.
“Very good. These are honey scones, filled with a whipped lemon ricotta, peach curd and dusted liberally with lavender sugar. I call it the Castiel,” Dean teased. “Like I said, I’m thinking about adding it to the menu, pending approval.”
Charlie raised her eyebrow but didn’t object, just left the kitchen. Dean returned to his position at the pass, keeping a watchful eye on the dining room whenever he had the chance.
Dean rose from the couch where he’d been playing Skyrim with his headphones securely in place. He gingerly tiptoed over to the kitchen to grab a bag of Doritos and a soda before returning to the couch. He sat down slowly in order to make as little noise as possible. Pleased with his success, Dean put his headphones back on and opened the bag of Doritos.
Benny’s lips brushed against his forehead, and Dean closed his eyes and wished, not for the first time, that he could have loved Benny the way he deserved to be loved.
“I…” Dean trailed off as he realised he hadn’t prepared an answer. He’d been focusing on getting himself this far. “I’m here for
“What do you want me to say, Cas? Thinking about me didn’t make you pick up the phone. Didn’t make you reconsider leaving me behind. You made the choice between your dream job and me, and I came up short.”
A flash of annoyance crossed Dean’s face but it was masked as quickly as it appeared. Castiel felt a small hint of regret as he knew he was being rude, but that now messed-up pile of papers had taken him hours.
“It’s not his fault, you know.” Tessa leans against the wall at the foot of his bed. “He wasn’t the one who decided to drink a fifth of whiskey and drive home.”
Castiel looked closer and couldn’t hide his smile. Dean was reading Cat’s Cradle again. No matter how many books he went through, he always went back to Cat’s Cradle. The book was almost completely destroyed, dog-eared pages, cracked spine and faded cover from how often it had been read from cover-to-cover. Castiel turned his gaze to the desk across the room and softened. There, beside the picture of Mary and Dean as a child, were a couple of new additions. Pictures of Bobby and the boys when they were young. A picture of Dean and Sam taken not that long ago, and then the most recent picture, of Dean and Castiel.
Castiel’s easy smile faded a little and he gave an awkward laugh. “Pre-law, actually. I’m not sure what I’m going to actually major in though. Political science, maybe. Psychology? Something like that. I’m probably just going to try my hand at everything I can and max out my schedule. I plan to be really busy.” He hesitated, biting his lip. “I hope that’s not going to be a problem? I know you probably didn’t sign up for a lame bookworm roommate that’s gonna be studying all hours of the day and night. I don’t want to disturb you or ruin any plans you make.”
He sat around until lunch, enjoying the freedom of his last morning of leisure until the weekend, before eventually making his way to the office. Monday was one of the busier days on campus, so there was a little traffic as Castiel made his way into the faculty parking lot. Heading for his reserved space, Castiel screeched to a halt when he saw that it was already taken.
When Dean and Benny got back with Castiel’s clothes and some sentimental items, Castiel had burst into tears, throwing himself into Dean’s arms. Benny had excused himself with a significant look at Dean that he’d chosen to ignore, winding his arms around Castiel and letting him get it all out.
. You were offended that he was only interested in what he could see, not the person behind it. If he’d made the effort to talk to you like he has this week and asked for your number, you wouldn’t have turned him down.”
Castiel shoved him, lightly. “I know it was a kiss, dumbass. What I meant was… maybe we could go out on a date sometime.”
Castiel nodded, and licked his lips as Dean walked away. “Dean,” he called out abruptly. “I—how much do I owe you? For today and Wednesday?
Benny let out a choking sound and glared at Dean, having caught the words on his way out of the kitchen. “You goddamn lyin’ son of a gun, you gave him my soup and said you never made any!”
It was empathy that overpowered his common sense as he reached out, grasping the man on the shoulder.
When he returned home, he was juggling sushi with his keys. He liked sushi fine, it wasn’t his favourite–but it was Castiel’s. An apology of sorts of the way he’d raised his voice earlier, and some sort of a celebration. He expected to find Castiel still in the bedroom, but when he opened the door, he found his boyfriend sitting in his armchair sheepishly.
Dean shrugged. He didn’t really remember what it looked like before.  “Guess so. Come through to the kitchen and we’ll get started on dinner. Want a beer?”
“I do,” Dean assured him, his eyes flickering back to the ad for the apartment. It had been a nice apartment, but it had served its purpose. Now
Dean sat down beside him, shrugging out of his leather jacket and draping it over Castiel’s shoulders. The warmth and familiar scent were a relief in the cool evening, and Castiel let more tears flow from his cheeks until there was nothing left to cry.
“We’re not moving in with my mom,” Dean told him roughly, standing up abruptly. “We can make this work, okay? I’m not gonna run home to my mom because we’re struggling to get a foothold. We’ll figure it out.”
Castiel leaned against him, closing his eyes and feeling himself relax as Dean pressed a kiss to the top of his head. Fate might have other plans for him, but he never really believed in fate anyway.
Castiel shook his head. “No, just spending time with my brother. He’s got a sweet tooth and wanted to know where I keep getting the pastries I’m always raving about,” he nodded towards his brother, who practically had his nose pressed to the glass of one of the display cases, eyeing the goods inside.
Before Dean could react, Castiel had guided them both inside the shop. It was surprisingly warm inside, for a cold night, and it smelled strongly of herbs. Spots of light danced along the ceiling, as the low candlelight reflected in the hanging crystals that swung in the breeze. The outside had looked dingy and in need of repair, so Castiel was surprised by how clean it was inside.
“Cas is fine. It’s very nice to meet you, Dean.” Castiel took the offered hand and shook it, staring intensely at Dean. They stared for a long moment, almost forgetting to release each other’s hands until Anna coughed politely.
Castiel was distantly aware of an arm wrapping around him, leading him further into the parking lot. “M—my car,” he began, and stopped quickly.
“Great,” Officer Dean Winchester muttered as it began to rain. “This is all your fault, Benny, you know that right?”
Dean raised an eyebrow. “You wouldn’t be eating at all if I hadn’t insisted, so don’t give me that crap. I get it, this exam is important to you. I want you to pass it. Your ten-year plan means we can’t get married until you pass the bar, so there’s nobody who wants you to succeed more than I do. But you’re gonna make yourself ill with this lifestyle. It’s Sunday now, and the bar exam starts on Tuesday. You need to make sure you’re fully rested and healthy.”
Dean drops a wad of bills on the counter and leaves. A brunette woman enters as he reaches the door, and she holds it open for him, stepping aside.
Castiel decided he couldn’t bear it, the detached kindness wasn’t something he’d come to associate with Dean. It wasn’t familiar and it wasn’t comfortable.
They were leaning towards each other, clearly deep in conversation about something. Castiel couldn’t remember it being taken, or where they were in the picture, but they were holding each other’s gaze intently. It was a nice picture, but the warmth that was spreading from Castiel’s heart all the way to his fingertips was from what it represented. That Dean considered him important enough to lay his picture beside that of Mary and Sam. A smile tugged at the corner of Castiel’s mouth and he looked down at his hands almost shyly.
He paused to get two cups of coffee from the machine, walking into the interview room. There was a spark of recognition in Castiel’s eyes before he averted his gaze.
Waving a dismissive hand, Balthazar frowned impatiently. “Yes, yes, yes, don’t shit where you eat, I know.”
But everything had changed since then. Castiel had other friends, college friends. Dean had started working at Bobby Singer’s autoshop to pay the bills and had his own circle of friends too. Naturally, it hadn’t affected their friendship at all. Castiel had still carved out the majority of his social time for Dean. He’d naively thought Dean had done the same thing for him. He’d barely mentioned his work friends.
“We do. They’re fifty dollars each. Please be aware that we cannot be held liable for any damages from separation, divorce or bankruptcy fees incurred by the results of this test.”
“Actually, my ringtone is Stairway to Heaven, I’m sure you’re quite familiar with it. I simply know how to be courteous and turn my ringer off when I’m in a public setting. Goodbye, Professor Winchester. Enjoy the rest of your evening.”
Castiel tried to reconcile the colour with shades of pink he’d seen before, and shook his head. It didn’t make sense. He'd seen couples with varying hues and tones of pink and red but never something this vivid.
“Ooh, I’ll have one of those too, Cassie. And a cappuccino.” Gabriel joined his brother, his attention thoroughly caught by the mention of dessert.
Finally came the lavender, the floral aroma that just melted in his mouth. Pungent, bitter, almost woody, but a perfect complement to the sweet honey it had been careful paired with.
Dean sighs. “You did. I was in so much pain. How did you do that, anyway? Some kinda pressure point in my head?”
“That would be great,” the man sighed, obviously relieved that he wouldn’t have to wait until the next day to retrieve his phone from all the way across town. “So I just head to the Literature department and I’ll find your office?”
“Likewise. Cas actually helped me discover a newfound love of Romanticism. I wasn’t really into poetry at school, I was more on the math side of things, but hearing him talk so passionately about Byron, I went home and read She Walks in Beauty.”
By six, Castiel had forgotten all about his earlier annoyance. His afternoon lectures had gone quite well, his TA was handling the senior year pop quizzes, and he’d gotten a good start on his marking. He loved working at this time of day. His office was warm and snug, despite the November chill, and he had the beautiful sounds of Vivaldi’s Four Seasons serenading him as he worked.
“I was forced to turn it off. It rang repeatedly through my afternoon lecture and I had absolutely no idea how to turn it off, so I asked one of my students to do so. Perhaps you should consider putting it on vibrate during teaching hours. Your ringtone is quite distinctive.”
Castiel looked up, dumbly, as Dean cleared his throat. He opened his mouth and closed it again, swallowing audibly. “Hi.”
“Happy birthday to me,” Dean smiled, pressing their foreheads together. “Would it be too much of me to ask for a second gift?”
Castiel shrugged, his face flushing. “Yes. But then he was all sweet when I was sick. He made me soup and took me home. He had to know I couldn’t turn down a date with him after that. But he didn’t even ask.”
Castiel leaps to his feet and hurries over. Dean closes his eyes as he feels more tears fall, sliding down the side of his face. A gentle hand smooths through his hair, and Dean knows in that instant that Castiel is about to lie to him.
Awkwardly, Gabriel cleared his throat and signalled Benny over so they could finish up the transaction, sidling away from Castiel not-so-subtly.
Dutifully, Dean heated up some of the leftovers and placed it on the table just as Castiel returned from his shower. He looked a lot better, although he was still quite pale and the dark circles under his eyes seemed more pronounced. How much sleep had Castiel been missing out on to study for this godforsaken exam? Dean pursed his lips but said nothing, getting Castiel a glass of milk to have with his food.
A few moments passed in a haze and Dean could feel the attention he was getting, could sense the eyes of the surrounding passengers on him, but it all faded away as familiar hands grasped his own. He looked up, gratefully, finding comfort and support in the blue eyes he’d grown to know so well.
“How’d you figure that one, brother? I ain’t exactly in charge of the weather. If I was, I’d make damn sure I’d be wealthier than I am.” His partner looked affronted.
Castiel reached across the counter to take the coffee and boxed-up pastry that Charlie was offering him. “No, thank you. Have a lovely day.”
“He wasn’t running away from you, Dean. He was just… trying to live his own life. The difference between us is that I’m also living my own life, but I’ve chosen to do that with you.”
Charlie wasn’t at her usual position behind the counter, replaced by a tall, bearded man that was reminiscent of a bear, but he had a twinkle in his kind blue eyes.
It wasn’t fair for him to blame Castiel for his insecurities. They both had their own issues. Abandonment was Dean’s. First the death of his mom, then being abandoned by his dad. Growing up, he’d had Sammy but then Sammy went to college in California. He was back now and they were close again, but those years of silence forever weighed on Dean.
“I love you,” Dean whispered, and Castiel kissed him. It was a brief moment of understanding and devotion, but it was all theirs and nothing could take that away from there.
Dean sighed, setting down the dishes and turning so he could pull Castiel in for a hug, brushing his lips over the top of Castiel’s head. “Better now. I had my class on the Mongols today and Professor Ketch is an ass.”
The paper slipped from Dean’s hands, fluttering to the floor as Dean climbed on top of Castiel, kissing him thoroughly.
Castiel looked around at his boxes and shrugged. “Oh yeah. I took the bed on the right but I can totally switch if you want.”
He ate spoonful after spoonful until the bowl was empty, the bread long since devoured. Castiel set the utensil down and drained the last of his tea. He felt more human than he had in days.
“I’m sorry too,” Castiel rasped. “I just couldn’t sit there when you were mad at me and locked in the bedroom. That’s what I was trying to tell you. That’s why I need to move out.”
He knew he was out of line, acting this way. Dean had never made him any promises. They’d never even talked about the feelings that had been lingering between them since their last year of high school.
It was just as dangerous to drive in. Dean didn’t dare go much over twenty miles per hour in fear of hitting someone. His vision was obscured by the heavy snow fall, which made it next to impossible to scan the streets for Castiel. It was too cold for him to be out in this, he would have made for shelter. But Dean had no idea what time Castiel had left. He could be anywhere.
He passes the picture back and Dean slides it into the front of the album, feeling a little out of sorts. Sammy had been a little premature but he’d had no idea it could be so dangerous. Or that a baby could be so small.
Tessa is gone, but to the side, he sees Castiel and Sam, talking to one of the doctors. They haven’t noticed that he’s awake yet. Dean opens his mouth to speak, but his throat croaks quietly. Nobody even looks at him.
But Dean couldn’t do that to himself. It wouldn’t be right. It wouldn’t be healthy, and it certainly wouldn’t be fair to either of them. Committing to something here would be a promise, a promise that he wasn’t sure he was ready to make.
Castiel suddenly understood what Benny meant, and Dean came to a stop by his table, setting a plate down in front of him.
“It is,” Dean averted his eyes and scuffed his boot along the floor. “I just wanted… forget it, it was a stupid idea anyway. Let’s go.”
Pausing, Castiel spent a moment lightly sweeping his thumb over one of the larger scars and then he shrugged. “I used to be a chef. Knives are sharp. It happens.”
Dean scrutinised the pigeon for a few moments, before nodding with satisfaction. “Great job, Benny, great job all round guys.” He assembled his food and took a deep breath before sweeping out of the kitchen, Castiel’s entree in hand.
A disturbance in the form of someone joining him on the grass threatened to tug his attention away from a particularly sienna-looking professor who had just been bowled over by two students on hoverboards. When the kiss was pressed to his cheek, Castiel softened and eventually looked over at his boyfriend.
Overcome, Dean gathered Castiel into his arms and hugged him tightly. “Hey, there’s nothing pathetic about you. You went through a lot and you need to take time to heal. Why didn’t you wake me up if you were struggling? You don’t have to be alone.”
He emerged with a sick note that wrote him off for the entire week, despite his protests that he couldn’t abandon his kids so close to the end of the year. Doing nothing never really sat well with him, Castiel preferred to keep busy. And he loved his class. It was Jack Kline’s birthday on Friday, he didn’t want to miss it.
He’d give them both some time to calm down and think things through, and then maybe they could solve this like adults.
He nudged Castiel off his lap and rose, immediately taking his hand and lacing their fingers together as he led Castiel towards the bedroom.
Castiel legitimately seemed to think about that for a moment. “I think that Chinese takeout. Yesterday?”
He rose, angrily, turning an accusing gaze to the doorway, before his jaw went slack. Before him was the most handsome man he’d ever seen. Tall with green eyes and freckles, dressed in a flattering dark grey suit jacket and matching slacks.
“Thanks.” Castiel didn’t know what else to say. He felt emotionally drained and he couldn’t look Dean in the face, sure his heart was laid bare in his eyes, ready for Dean to see what he couldn’t say.
Dean stared after him for a moment, before turning to Sam, who had been leaning against the wall with a smug expression for the duration of Castiel’s visit. “Don’t say a word,” he warned. “Can I see the ring again?”
He spent the rest of the night with Castiel curled up against his side and Dean swore he felt lighter than air. He was the epitome of respectful, knowing Castiel still didn’t like to be touched without warning. It was hard to get him to calm down if he got worked up. An unexpected touch or a loud noise could set Castiel off and he would retreat into his room and lock the door until he calmed down. No amount of talking could persuade him to come out earlier. Dean didn’t want that to happen tonight.
“And this is supposed to change my mind? You starting a fight the second you don’t get your own way?”
Castiel didn’t answer immediately, and Dean looked back up from his food when he didn’t answer. “Cas?”
“I don’t have any motivation than helping someone out who needs it. You’re not the first guy I’ve put up for the night over the years and you probably won’t be the last.”
Castiel laughed again and took Dean’s hand in his own. In a matter of hours, they’d be married, ready to start the rest of their lives together. It was only fitting that they have the ceremony here, a place that had seen them through so many times of sadness, but also joy.
Dean hadn’t even needed to ask. The second he’d explained it all to Benny, his partner had known exactly what was coming and volunteered to help. They’d gone to Castiel’s old address and put the fear of God into the abusive son of a bitch. Then they’d taken everything that belonged to Castiel that hadn’t been able to fit in his pack the night he’d left.
Castiel nodded. “I might not have known why it was such a big issue for you until now, but I knew that I never wanted to hurt you that way again. As soon as you left me in the restaurant, I terminated the lease and bought out the remaining two months. I love you, Dean. I need you to know that we’re in this together.”
When they settled down to eat, Dean couldn’t shake off the peaceful feeling of domesticity. When was the last time he had a homecooked meal? He couldn’t remember, often too tired from his shift to cook so he’d pick up burgers on the way home, or microwave something quick. Only on his days off or the occasions Benny and Andrea invited him for dinner did he get any kind of nutrients.
He pulled the coffee table towards the couch, taking a seat on the right side as Dean sat on the left. They placed a small bowl in the middle of the table for burning the herbs, just as a precaution. They didn’t want a house fire.
“Of course.” Castiel gave a brief shiver. “It’s not very warm in here. Maybe we could light the fire for a change, and have dinner in front of it?”
“I do,” Castiel replied, equally as sincerely. “I would be honoured to test your new dessert, then.”
kick you out of this apartment, Dean, I swear by all that is Holy! You better hope Mary can put you up for the night because if I fail the bar exam solely because you couldn’t show the slightest consideration and I have to wait ‘til February to take it again, they will never find your body–”
Castiel didn’t reply at first, just buckled himself in. Dean fought the urge to point out he could sit up front, figuring maybe they’d both feel a little safer with Castiel in the back right now. They didn’t know each other very well.
“Cas,” Dean’s shoulders tensed, his back stiff. The words he wanted to say were lost on his tongue, and he sighed. “Why do you want crêpes for dinner?”
Their eyes met and there was a brief moment of understanding between them. Castiel gave a nod in gratitude and directed his class inside. They all gathered at the front so Castiel could speak quietly. He didn’t want to have to fight to be heard. Thankfully, Dean’s side of the classroom was doing the same, working silently on a worksheet that had been passed out.
That's fair, but the only pleasure Dean gets out of cutting is a vindictive sort of revenge. He'd already disposed of Walt, and most of the others he'd like to subject it to are already dead. Then again... "Unless you've got Metatron stashed somewhere quiet, I'll pass."
fading away under the idling of engine. "Crowley called while you were out," he says, draping an arm over the seatback. "Cain'll be at the studio tomorrow."
for once in your life." He raises an eyebrow at 'life' and she rolls her eyes. "Right, I forgot; you never learned the meaning of the word."
"That isn't me!" The girl pulls against the ropes holding her, but Sam tied them well. "I don't even know why I'm here! What kind of cop are you?"
Cas squeezes his hand and makes that high-pitch sound again, a moan cut off with a cry and Dean fucks him through it, hand matching his hips as he rocks upwards, lets Cas stripe his stomach and chest. A little bit lands on his chin and Dean's just moaning nonstop, "please, please, Cas, fuck,
. It's the first time since he can remember — the first time since Cas came into his life in a blast of white light — that there's no overarching threat of Heaven and Hell. The archangels are gone, Crowley's dead, Hell's in chaos, and Heaven... well, who gives a fuck.
She's still wearing that knowing smile, the one that makes Sam's fist itch in want to wipe it off her face. She was always good at this, talking in circles until her point seemed to make sense. Maybe she had some of it right — maybe there was some sense to this twisted circle of bullshit that they all went through, each in their own time, but in the end it was the decisions that pointed souls one way or the other. And if Dean was too high on Hell to know which decision to make, then Sam will make it for him and live with the consequences.
But then Cas' hand moves back into his hair, fingers kneading gently, and Dean completely forgets to be embarrassed. He presses a slow, wet kiss to the jut of Cas' hipbone and grinds down, ignoring the sharp, insistent reminder in his groin that he still has to take a piss.
the thoughtful look on his face. "Better, even. I had no idea his liver had degraded so much. I would have repaired it much sooner had I known."
, Dean." Cas continues to sip his coffee like they're talking about the weather, not about getting down to the nasty if, y'know, Dean's
It's too late for sunglasses, though, so Dean pulls the brim of the hat low while they make their way into the garage, nods at the valet on duty and slips him a few bills. They've stayed here enough they know better than to offer to park his car, but they always keep the wide spot on the end open for him where the office can keep an eye on her.
," Dean says, drumming his fingers along the bartop. The bartender shoots them a strange look, but Dean's slurring enough to explain away any questions. "Will you shut up? That's not what I — I know you're — yeah, well. Good." He downs the rest of his beer, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. "About goddamn time."
"I'll see what I can do." Gabriel raises his hands over his head and stretches, cracking a couple of bones along his back. "Worst case scenario, it'll be just like the old days, you two idiots against the world. What could possibly go wrong?"
Stretched out below him, Central Park looks like one of those little picturesque Christmas Villages done up in department stores, clumpy white snow cut by barren trunks of trees and long, winding lines of mud and asphalt. People scurry along the paths, wrapped up in bright, puffy coats, thick scarves, and topped off with knitted hats. The bustle of the city is muted by the cold, and his breath mists thick as smoke without the aid of the cigarette.
"I had some help," Dean admits, glancing over at Castiel. "Might take a couple of weeks to replace the broken windows, but yeah, it's coming along."
When he relents she starts to shake, fingers curling tightly around her sides. "Please," she sobs into the floor. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry, just stop. Please. Whatever you want. I'll do whatever you want."
"Yeah, except every other channel." She tucks her feet underneath the cushion he's sitting on and twists the cap off her beer. "Don't worry, your secret's safe with me, Winchester."
It'd be too easy, if Dean left it here; he must have it on him, or more likely, stashed it somewhere else entirely. Whatever, they'll deal with it. He might be demonic and half-crazed but he's still
, Sam thinks, and lays into the accelerator while swinging around a car cruising in the left lane doing the speed limit. Dean takes special pleasure in harassing those kind of thoughtless jackasses whenever they're not in a rush, tailgating to the point it unnerves even Sam, until the person gets the hint and switches into the right lane.
Sam must imagine it, judging by his expression. "You're saying that because of the mark, he's...become a Knight of Hell?"
Dean really doesn't give a shit. She looks at him a moment longer before dropping the keys on the bedside table and upending the contents of the bags on the double bed. "I forgot my first time up, too," she goes on, and Dean isn't sure if it's the silence or just him making her so uneasy. "Dirty work, being a demon. Hard to go from one gig to the next when you've got insides on your outside. I got a couple of spares, too, for the next time."
Dean sighs and gestures sort of helplessly at the universe around him, but it doesn't offer any assistance. It's not like he's the one leaking this shit to the press, for fuck's sake. "I told Sam, figuring he would tell you, and — "
; not enough to drown out the memories, the pleads of the man he fed to a pack of vamps without a second thought, the screams of the people in the club when he set it ablaze. Walt's garbled begging when Dean laid into him with the blade and took him apart, piece by bloody piece.
Castiel is quiet for a long time. Long enough that Sam's half-asleep on the seatback and jumps a little when he finally speaks. "I was tempted." It sounds like a confession, something whispered to a priest before asking for forgiveness. "There were times that I — " Cas pauses, then sighs. Sam sees his shoulder shift in his peripheral vision. "We were forbidden to intervene."
There's a new scar right over his breastbone from Metatron's blade, a diamond of shiny Mother-of-Pearl of new skin, but aside from that his body doesn't look any different. Cain's mark is still there, red and raised, but it's just a visual reminder. There's no ache, no burning need, just a combination of loose limbs and an empty stomach.
Dean bares his teeth and slaps his hand over it, skin turning white where his fingertips dig in. "Just fucking go, Sam."
Castiel lifts one shoulder in a lazy shrug. "With the amount of blasphemy the two of them utter on a daily basis, I've grown used to it," he admits, without looking up.
"He went back for the car, Cas." Sam does look at him, then, eyes hard. "There's still something left worth saving."
He rolls behind the adjacent SUV parked behind the Impala and moves along it quickly, peeking around the back to try and find the source. There's an alleyway splitting the block in half, leaving a break between the SUV and the car parked behind it, and it's too dark to see, but Sam waits and listens, hears the echo of another three shots among the alarmed shouts of pedestrians and the distant trill of sirens.
. The cuffs are still in his back pocket, and they'll definitely need those. He can't believe Cas left without them...
First comes the stunned silence. Then the chair scraping along the floor as Sam jumps to his feet, mouth working and no words making their way out, until finally — "
The door rattles and booms, again and again as the hounds slam into it. The wood by the lock begins to splinter. The growls are so loud they sound like they're already in the room.
"And ideally," Cas interrupts, "this intimacy is shared with someone you care about and already harbor affection for."
He doesn't ask what she's making, but when she tells him to dice up an onion he puts his beer down and does it — and does it right, slicing it down the middle and leaving the root on to hold it together as he chops. She passes over the potatoes next, and is pleased when he slices them up without skinning.
," he makes a sound like an aborted laugh, a huff of a breath that comes up short. "You all think you know the answers. God may have left, but he can still come back. I believe that. I
"It's not usually this bad, but things get crazy when multiple bands are sharing a stage." Benny shrugs. "
Dean turns off the water and rests his hands on the sink, head hanging low between his shoulders. His knuckles are raw and red, still bleeding from a few places the skin split.
Castiel uses the momentum of the landing and Dean hisses into his mouth as his back connects with the nearest wall. Even now, Dean pulls him in, lured by the burning heat of grace and drunk on lust and adrenaline.
Dean remembers fire falling from the sky, the intense tsunami of heat from an archangel's smiting, and winces. "Yeah, uh," he pulls his hand away, rubbing at the back of his neck. He'd be out of his mind if Baby had taken the blow. "Sorry about that. Guess I owe you some new wheels."
"You got about five minutes before I change my mind," is how he starts, and that much is true; one leg is bouncing incessantly up and down, betraying whatever cool demeanor he's projecting into the ether. "I don't even know if you can hear me like this. Which, y'know, just makes me the idiot talking to himself."
"This place is a fortress," Sam assures her, aware he's pacing and running his hands through his hair as he works through it, Bobby's
"I can remember my soulless little brother letting me think he was dead for a year, and then feeding me to a vamp. Having to court Death to get his fucked up soul back for him. I also remember letting the only one thing I loved in this world that
Dean groans and rocks backwards — sometime in the night, he must've flipped over or Cas did the flipping but either way, he's totally fine with being the little spoon because it means he gets to rub against the morning glory Cas is sporting against his ass.
Cas lets himself out of the truck looking proud of himself. Dean slams the door to the car like he's pissed off, but he's smiling. "It doesn't count if you
She engulfs Castiel in a hug without warning or bothering to introduce herself, shoving him back against the island, fly-away hairs getting caught in his coat fasteners. Thankfully, the guitar case is a hard one, so Castiel is the only one she inflicts any damage on.
"So if that's the only objection, then I'm gonna try something. If you don't want it, just," Dean sucks down a breath so quickly it hurts, lodging a painful lump in his throat. "Just, say so, okay?"
Sam's crawling towards the knife, snatching it up as Dean catches the movement. Dean grabs him by the ankle and drags him back, dropping a knee down on on Sam's arm. He leans low over his brother and brings the blade over his chest, point down, and Castiel is helpless except to watch as Sam tries to block the blow one-handed.
"Is it that easy for you?" Sam shouts right back. "After everything he's done — everything he's given up for me, for you, fuck, you can just — "
marks. And it's on his right side so it's not like if he angles himself just right at breakfast Sam won't notice in the twelve-and-change hours they have left in the car.
Crowley sees him looking and smiles again. This time it's more wicked than amused, a smokey shadow of sharp teeth under human lips. "You know," he drones, the edge of his voice tingling like sparks from a fire, "it's rude not to drink when someone makes a toast."
Crowley hums, whether in agreement or contemplation, Dean can't decipher. "To be truly free, you need to be free of who you were. Free from the things that held you back."
"I just told you," Cas says, and makes his way around the bed. He turns off the TV and Dean can't even argue about it, because he wants to actually get some sleep tonight. "They have a higher capacity for emotional insight than humans."
"Wherever you want, brother."  Benny gives him a smile, and Castiel is probably imagining the condescension in his tone, but it still manifests a bitter taste on his tongue. "Sort of the point, to see if this is something you can dig. Just don't wander out on stage unless you wanna get used as a prop."
It's dead quiet in here and the bunker beyond. The bedside clock tells him it's the middle of the night, too late to still be up and too early to be awake, even by hunter standards. His MP3 player is dead and he can't find the charger, and he hasn't quite worked up the will to go searching the place for it. He probably left it in the car. He wonders if the Impala survived the fight with Gabriel, and has the fleeting impulse to find some wheels and
"Open it." Dean shoves Krissy towards the table. She cries out when her waist hits the edge, buckling over. She braces her hands on the wood and Dean sees her body tense, ready for a fight.
Crowley shrugs. "You'd have found out eventually." He watches Dean grip the star in his fist, and the skin of his hand starts to smoke. "Question is, what're you going to do about it?"
There's a loaded pause between the brothers, caught in the tangle of words left unsaid, until Dean exhales heavily and licks his lips. "You good to clean up?"
There's an assortment of jewelry on Dean's wrist; a thin, braided band of leather, something metal and shiny, and several of those multi-colored beaded bracelets that press uncomfortably into the meat of Castiel's shoulder. The high-pitched whine of mic interference bleeds in from the stage and ends on the riff of a guitar, following the G-C-D chord progression Castiel is all too familiar with.
"It was made for Lucifer." The puddle is still boiling from the strike, and Dean can see the faint glow coming up from below. It's only a matter of time before the ice melts enough that it's game over. "Not Lucifer
Castiel watches as Michael tries again, a holy storm of golden wings, backing Dean further into his corner of damnation. Hellfire swirls in their wake and Castiel is in awe of Michael's brilliance, always has been, always will be.
"Good, that's — that's all I need, alright? After that I'll, I'll be fine." Dean mirrors him, sucking in a breath, but he lets it out in a rush. "Where's Sam?"
Sam grunts a curse as a gentle flick of Dean's wrist sends him flying against the wall. Sam recovers quickly, but he doesn't try to move, just stares at him with wide eyes, like he still can't believe it. Dean smiles and lets his eyes shift. "Sorry, Sammy. I really need that knife."
"Good enough," Crowley says, smirking like he knows something Dean doesn't. "Anyway, assuming you didn't completely wreck the place, it's still sitting innocently on a bookshelf in the library." He looks at his watch and frowns. "Bollocks. We were downstairs longer than I planned. You better move quick, those oafs are probably pulling into Lebanon as we speak. In the meantime, I've got my own work to do. Those loose souls are causing all sorts of chaos. The imps are going to unionize with the way their overtime is piling up."
"Good morning," the darkness answers. A light flickers on in the corner and Dean blinks again, rubbing at his eyes to clear them. "You feel asleep in the middle of the movie."
"You don't have to shout, Sam," Cas says behind him, and Sam turns so fast that this time, he does fall down.
"No," Krissy says. She eyes Castiel as he approaches, but takes the proffered bag of food. Sam takes the other, nodding his thanks. "So," Krissy says, mouth full of burger, "what's the plan?"
"I thought it'd get easier when I got older, y'know? Sonny's wasn't so bad. Only decent sonofabitch I ever ran into on the road. I woulda stayed, too, if it hadn't been for you."
"You're being too literal," Dean mumbles, and fabric rustles as he shifts along the sheets. "S'open to interpretation. Subjective, yeah. Music's art, man, just auditory. I dunno, some people think it's about the woes of being rich and famous, but honestly?" Dean punches his pillow. "I think it's about a hooker."
Jody and Sam return just in time for the oven to ding and join them for the meal. Castiel doesn't indulge — he doesn't need to eat, though Dean seems to enjoy making him try things occasionally even if anything he consumes is simply wasted.
Hwy 50 gives way to I-44 just past the town of Union, and Sam directs Cas to take I-55 South to avoid the St Louis traffic altogether. Dean's still heading up through Tennessee, but this will keep them close enough that if he suddenly changes direction, they might be able to head him off. Sam drums his fingers along his knee, watching the pulsing red dot that shows Dean moving steady up small highways, halfway between Nashville and Clarksville.
is up next and Dean groans. "Bunch'a assholes on a boat who argue about fish," he explains, when Cas raises an eyebrow in question.
Much of the beauty here is fake; painted on, surgically implanted, disguised behind glitter and revealing clothes. It's dark enough Dean can let his eyes shift and peek at the glimmering spirits beneath their skins, zeros in on the brightest beacons in the room and drifts towards them.
," Dean snaps, and Castiel flinches at the undercurrent of wrath on the last word. Dean takes a breath and finally looks at Castiel. His eyes are clear and wet, lids stained pink, pupils tiny pinpricks of black in a sea of green. "Three weeks."
The next time he opens his eyes, the sunlight is persistent through the curtains and casts the room in a hazy white light. Everything is soft and warm and Dean doesn't want to move, doesn't even feel the urge to bolt when he realizes the pillow beneath his head is made up of an expanse of flawless skin, sparse dark hairs trailing their way from the navel and lower, silver-lined by the morning sun.
Dean blinks, eyes snapping focus on Sam, the rest of him unmoving. "Yeah." His voice is coarse — not like Cas, but took-a-shot-of-Everclear rough. Dean blinks again, several times in quick succession, inhaling sharply through his nose. His pupils are blown so wide Sam can't see the green. "Hi," he says.
Dean doesn't wince, just calmly wipes it away. Krissy shrinks back against the bar as he leans in, bracing an arm above her head and brings his face right alongside hers. He traces the knife along her waist with his other hand, blade biting at the strip of skin exposed between her shirt and her jeans.
He expects Dean will be able to hear him when he calls, and goes quickly. But Castiel is wrong; Dean cannot perceive him any more, cannot make sense of his voice. He tries again, waits until Dean is alone but it only seems to hurt him, and that is the last thing Castiel intends.
I may have never told you the whole truth but all he's ever done is lie to you. Right from the start, again and again, and he has the gall to call himself your friend? Claim to
Someone upstairs shouts but it's cut short with a gurgle as Bela slices a throat open with the angel blade, warm blood spilling over the banister like a red waterfall. The other girl starts screaming and there's gunshots, and Dean leaves Krissy to contemplate her dead boyfriend as he joins Bela, cutting the second guy off before he can make it to the stairs. He takes a shot at Dean, but Dean's behind him before the hammer connects with the bullet, and snaps his neck with one hand.
She quiets when they both hear it, the unmistakable sound of a shotgun being cocked. Dean turns around and can see Krissy at the top of the stairs, barrel pointed at his chest.
And even if that was an option, Dean knows can't have that, never could. Hunters can't quit the life, can't have that happy ending. They helped some people, sure, but they hurt more along the way. They were the worst kind of sinners; righteous and selfishly selfless, deluded into believing the ends justified the means.
"Body," Dean corrects automatically, because Jimmy checked out years ago and Cas is human, now, and he needs to get used to it. "And no, that's not — Jesus fucking Christ, Cas."
"Yeah, well, I didn't know he'd transform into a Chatty Cathy without an off button," Dean grouses. "He never talked this much when he," Dean waves his free hand around, and Sam's pretty sure the only reason he interprets that at all is because they spend
"You need to stop thinking of me as an individual," Death says. "I'm simply a fact, Dean. Everything dies, but nothing is destroyed. Not really. Your consciousness, your sense of self, perhaps. That fish, this beach, those stars." He shrugs. "Some of your religions have the right idea; your concept of what I am, of death, is merely a transformation from one thing into the next. God didn't create you any more than I can destroy you. He simply granted you the collective consciousness and ingenuity to figure yourselves out. Energy made sentient. I told him it was a stupid idea, but did he listen?"
Two hounds are staked outside of his room. One throws itself bodily against the door while the other paws furiously at the stone by the gap against the floor, snarling against the line of Goofer dust Dean knows is on the other side.
They eat in silence, filling the kitchen with muted chewing and the sharp bite of forks against their plates. Sam finishes first and makes a quick trip to the storeroom — pointedly ignoring Bela's complaints about stretching her legs — to grab a couple of things. When he places the items across from Jody, she raises her eyebrows at him. "Keep those on you. The charm's for anti-possession, and the hex bag will keep demons and angels from being able to track you." One of her eyebrows arch a little further. "Just in case, okay?"
A short ride in a noisy service elevator later, Castiel is lost in a maze of endless concrete hallways, linoleum floors and closed doors. Some stretches are empty, eerie in the way they might be haunted, and some are so full of people that Castiel can't hear himself think over the buzz of conversation. Someone shouts to his left, another is yelling into a walkie-talkie to his right, and at one point he's caught between so many bodies he feels like he's going to suffocate.
As soon as he moves, Cas freezes. "Is this okay?" he asks, lips brushing the shell of Dean's ear. "I wasn't entirely sure if I needed to ask permission," he admits, and Dean rolls his eyes before he realizes Cas can't see him do it.
Dean doesn't say anything, but gravitates towards the car without hesitation just like Sam hoped he would. He runs a hand along the fender and the windowsill, fingers trailing the two holes in the door.
In the cosmic hush of the universe holding its breath, Castiel hears a distant howl. The lights flicker, spitting in their sockets. Castiel tightens his grip and Dean says, voice as dark as the dungeon, "You really should've taken the deal, Cas."
Dean should kill him. Should set the hound on him and let it shred the angel until there’s nothing left except a memory.
Dean catches his gaze, and it reminds Castiel of the lingering despair beneath the green. "Humor me."
"Isn't chocolate traditionally eaten as a solid?" Castiel keeps pace with Sam, letting Dean get a head start on the kitchen. "If you heat it, won't it melt?"
"What?" Sam stands with him, and if he has to grab onto the angel and hitch a ride to wherever, he will. "Why? What is it?"
"Bitch," Dean replies automatically. "C'mon, Sammy. It's not like we've never gotten shitfaced before going out."
"Well, you can thank him for that," she says, and Keung follows her gaze to Dean. The man regards him calmly, but has good instincts; he doesn't come any closer. "And that's actually why we're here."
The chair rattles as Dean shivers, fists white-knuckling against the armrests. "Why do you keep asking me that?"
The bar looks like a speakeasy, or a basement someone turned into a replica of one; there's a mix of booths and tables scattered around the place all crafted in deep mahogany wood, and a long, black-lacquered L-shaped bar cluttered with padded stools. Old rock is playing softly on the speakers attached to the ceiling supports,
— mouth with precise movements, like he's still learning the distance between Dean’s mouth and hand. "Can you like,
and intense and bore into Dean as deep as any ocean and, fuck, if Dean's waxing poetic about Cas' eyes in his own head he knows he's already screwed.
Great. He's a man down and has a broken angel to boot. Not for the first time, Sam feels a tangible ache when he thinks of Bobby. Kevin. Charlie. Ellen and Jo. Ash. His father. Pamela. Even that asshole Gabriel. Just about everyone who could help is either dead or gone, or worse.
When Dean catches Cas' eye in the rearview, he's wearing that same wicked smile from the night before and Dean thinks that maybe the drive back home won't be so bad, after all.
— says, closing the fridge carefully behind him. He holds up the pie in explanation. "In this..." he pauses on the next word, re-evaluating. "I seem to have developed unusual cravings."
"Yeah, well, if you want to listen to that locomotive all night, you can bunk with him. Be my guest."
Dean's breath mists thickly in front of him when he steps out of the Impala. By the time it dissipates, Cas is standing in front of him. A year ago, Dean would've given him shit about knowing how to use a door handle, but Cas just got his mojo back and he hasn't really left the bunker since Dean came back, so Dean bites back the words. Gotta let the guy stretch his wings, right?
The dungeon is underground and cold. Dean shivers; he misses the angel's warmth. "Old me, he'd be pissed. Outta all the fucked up shit you've done, that's probably the only one he'd never forgive. But the new me? Well," the smile comes naturally, "I'm actually kinda proud."
Cas lets out a breath Dean suspects he's been holding since Sam closed the door. "I wasn't being facetious about the gag."
Gabriel paces  the length of the war room and wheels on Sam the moment he's over the threshold. "Crowley was right," he snarls. Without his wings, his vessel is small enough that Sam is almost fooled into complacency. "They were
Dean yawns hugely over his empty mug before standing up. "Well, it's been a helluva long day, and those fancy hotel beds ain't got nothin' on my memory foam." Dean pauses at the threshold, hand cupping the doorframe. "Hey," he calls, until Cas looks up. "You comin'?"
"You're not fine. You're unhappy," Castiel insists. He feels it like a constant ache deep in his chest, a tight grip around his throat that makes it difficult to swallow. "You don't like being cooped up in here, but you won't talk to Sam, and you won't talk to me. We want to help you through this, Dean, but you have to
Sam closes the laptop lid with a snap. Jody was less than happy to grant his request, especially when he declined to give details on why he wanted a national all-points bulletin issued on his brother.
Dean looks just like he did last time Castiel was in a room with him, dressed in black jeans and a blood-stained t-shirt, a slight crease between his eyebrows over a strained smile. He looks more human than something else, features backlit by muted light of a soul trying to heal.
"Well," Bela shifts as if to cross her legs, like she's forgotten she's tied down. "Let's just say that rolling naked in money isn't quite as satisfying as rolling in warm blood these days." She smirks at the look of disgust on his face. "Don't ask questions you don't want the answers to, Sammy."
"Really?" Dean seems genuinely surprised, but shrugs it off. "Better late than never, I guess." He digs around in his jeans' pocket and makes an aborted noise of frustration. "Got a phone on you?"
Sam looks to Castiel, but Castiel doesn't acknowledge it. It's not up to him to decide what secrets Dean wants to keep. Sam lets out a shuddering breath, then shrugs. "Yeah, I guess. I was just — okay. Good."
"Stop making this into a bigger deal than it is," Dean interrupts. "It's better than you floating around disembodied for a month while this shit runs its course, so." He plants a chair in front of Castiel and sits in it, arms wide. "Mi casa, su casa."
"She might have survived," Castiel admits. "I was able to to slow the blood loss. I don't know if it helped."
"Your new brethren," Crowley says, explaining nothing. He hands Dean his untouched scotch before retrieving his own. "Brothers and sisters. Aunts and uncles. Cousins a thousand times removed. Millions of them, tortured souls all. Most of them are completely useless, tell you the truth, but when God gives you sinners, you — well," he says, clinking the edge of his glass against Dean's, "you make do."
The gun kicks back hard, but Dean's body is so used to it by now he barely moves, lets the shock be absorbed up his arm and into his shoulder and squeezes again. And again, and again, until the slide locks back, barrell still smoking from the rapid fire.
Sam hears the words, knows he must have said them, but they sound a long way off. The volume increases and
Dean sets about the socks and boots, double-knotting the laces with quick, practiced movements. "Where exactly are we going?"
When Dean opens his eyes he finds himself standing alone in the observatory. The bunker is dark, all muted colors and deep shadows cast by the standby lights. A small
. The people he killed to scratch that itch, whether it was the mark or vengeance or the deep-seeded bloodthirsty nature he's been denying for years.
Dean flops back on the mattress with a light huff. "Yeah, and what happens when Cas decides he has better things to do?"
"Home stretch," Jody murmurs to Castiel before stepping around to face Dean. He keeps his eyes averted until Castiel angles his head forward, forcing him to look at her. "When Sam died, how did it make you feel?"
against the door, and nearly falls onto the platform when they whisk open. He tightens his grip on the violin case as he steps off, and blinks in the harsh light of the subway station before he gets his bearings and heads up the westside stairs. "Like I said, long story. I'll tell you later. Assuming you're coming?"
"Can you believe I used to think I was a useless piece of shit? That no matter how many people I saved, I was doing more harm than good? I might've talked a good game, but I had lower self esteem than a fourteen-year-old girl."
Dean grins against his skin, scrapes his cheek against Cas' jaw on the way to his ear, relishing the catch of rough skin. "Baby, I'm just getting
"Okay, enough." Dean inhales sharply and pulls away. Castiel lets his hand fall back to his side. "What the hell are you waiting for?"
. In Sioux fucking Falls, so basically just an overpriced Motel 6 with pillowtop mattresses and separate "smoking" and "non-smoking" rooms — sorry,
Cas doesn't struggle when Sam half-carries him into the room, arm hanging over Sam's shoulder and wings dragging limply against the floor and walls. He's heavier than he looks — maybe it's the wings — but Sam manages to dump him face-first onto Dean's recently vacated bed. He should really change the sheets, but Castiel doesn't seem to care.
"Fuck," Cas says and it sounds completely vulgar coming out of his mouth and Dean can't get enough of it. He slides his other hand under Cas' neck, grabs his hand and can't even make the chick-flick joke when Cas laces their fingers together. Dean buries his forehead between Cas' shoulderblades, eyes squeezed shut, because Cas is tight and hot and it's been years-too-fucking-long since he's done this.
It's probably an empty threat; most of Dean's are, used for posturing or making a point or often just to clarify exactly how miffed he is. But then again, he did skewer the bitch.
When Dean tries to move around him, Crowley steps into his path. "Dean," he says, edge of his voice sharp as the blade in Dean's hand. "Don't do this to yourself."
He tries to stand and reels, ass landing heavily on the bed. Sam steadies him when he cants to the side. "Holy shit. It's like," Dean pitches forward, cackling, and Sam readjusts his grip on Dean's shoulder so he doesn't end up on the floor. "You ever done a whippit?"
The Impala's lights illuminate a mostly deserted waterfront through downtown. Dean ignores the stoplights with a desperate sort of hope that some poor bastard pulls them over. It'll be the last mistake they ever make.
Crowley waits a beat, head craned forward in anticipation, brows rising higher when Dean says nothing. "And?"
His chest is rising and falling rapidly in contrast with his flippant tone. Castiel wonders if Dean yet has the capacity to understand the panic he's experiencing, the anxiety, grabbing onto his chest like a vice. Castiel can empathize; his own memory of learning these emotions was distinctly unpleasant.
in the distance and whatever lights are left whole flick on, flooding the bunker with light. Cas is standing in the middle of the war room, straight ahead and down the stairs. There's no wings, this time. He looks smaller without the trench coat, almost alien in borrowed clothes that don't quite fit. The eyes are the same, though, the color of the sea during a storm. He stares at Dean like he can't quite believe it, like Dean's a mirage that'll vanish if he blinks.
with your friends. Just, shut up," he says, holding up a hand because Cas already has his mouth open to argue. "I've been doing the human thing a long time, just take my word for it, all right? Because it's hard enough to go from friends to
