“Do you blame your pal Barnes for all that he did during the time he was the Winter Soldier?”
Steve wanted to express his relief but the whole of his body shivered, and he sank down against the pillow. Tony rubbed his shoulder and covered him with the thin blanket. “I’m sorry, Steve. What I did at the end of my life as a vampire or wraith or whatever it was, it was wrong. I drained nearly the last of your blood. You were so close to death. I don’t know if you remember, or how much you remember. You went in and out of consciousness.”
Clint remained a distance away from him, as if he feared that Steve might retaliate. “You don’t know how it is. You didn’t grow up with the Vamp War as a memory.”
“Come on. Get up.” Tony wrapped Steve’s arm around his shoulder and then heaved him up to his feet. Steve wanted to struggle away, made a half-hearted attempt, but the lack of oxygen throbbed through him and his vision went dark for a second before resolving again.
“Okay. Let’s go.”
“That plan. Yep, the worm.” Steve waits.
“In the original it was the Guardian of Forever,” Tony mocks.
“Yeah, that,” he says and plucks a grape from the branch. He places it on his tongue as if it’s a delicate egg. The moment he bites down his eyes flutter closed, and he moans a little. It’s a little perverse and a lot of a turn on. Tony grimaces.
Steve runs his hands up against Tony’s waist. “What made you the expert?”
It's not pretty what happens next. Bucky grips the trooper on the floor around the neck, feeling with the metal hand for the vulnerable trachea. The feedback mechanism in the arm gives him the details he needs and as the other trooper shoots at Bucky he crushes the first's throat. Twisting around in time to put the man's dead body between him and the blaster. The trooper tries to re-aim but Bucky tosses the corpse aside and rushes his attacker, seizing him and then hurtling him out of the shattered window.
Steve stretches out a hand grasping Tony’s arm and says, “I got you. I got you.”
“I don’t want to lose you,” Tony whispered. He’d lost too much already.
“Don’t call me that.”
“You need a moment to heal, to adjust, to figure out-.” He stops because he can’t say anymore and Steve doesn’t quiz him on what more he wanted to say. “Do they know where you live?”
“Yes.”
Bucky presses the ear bud firmly in place and says, “Do what you have to, get out of there.”
“It’s supposed to,” Tony says. “But feel it and you can tell the difference.”
Tony slides in and hits that sweet spot again; Steve goes mad with desire and shouts out. He begs Tony for more. There’s sweat over his chest and his abdomen. Come spills over his chest and Tony leans down, licking it up. Steve jerks and throbs beneath him.
“You don’t know him,” Steve murmured.
“I’m here to look over the warrior blocks for a suitable Omega Warrior.” He frowns at her and she only smiles. At least he can placate her; there are others in his Family who are not so easily pacified or pleased with him.
Boys in uniform marching off toward death.
“Okay, room service it is,” Steve agreed. Part of him relaxed but a deeper part panged with disappointment. He picked up the empty cup and disposed of it as they exited the gym area of the hotel. Walking through the hotel, Steve tried to ignore the electric undercurrent between them. Clearing his throat, he asked, “So Thor isn’t taking it well?”
“Doctor Banner, Bruce,” Steve said and smiled. “It seems you don’t know quite enough about me. I’m the last person who follows orders without question.”
Shrugging off the disconcerting feeling, Tony extricates himself from the big cat’s grip and slips away. His ribs ache today but not as bad as yesterday. Sleeping with the gauntlet on isn’t the most comfortable, but it has help stabilize his wrist. He unhooks the wires from the reactor and triggers the release from the gauntlet as he approaches the small stream. He needs a bath and he needs one now. Hanging out with a lion rubs off on him. He sniffs his underarms and coughs.
“You think all mating is consensual, Captain?” Ross scoffed. “You’re more naïve than I thought.”
He swallows down the ache and shakes his head. “Yes, no, not really. I don’t -.” He hisses through the emotions. “I-he. He died.”
“What? When?” Tony said and whipped the stool to the side as if he had been caught in some evil plan.
Everything went white even with his eyes closed. The breath in his lungs stopped, his muscles paralyzed. Excruciating pain – every nerve sang out in unbearable pain – so severe his tears scorched his eyes. He wanted to scream, to cry out, but no noise escaped his mouth. The white blinded him as the pain took over, until he was nothing more than a raw nerve.
“I can’t explain it, Tony. I only had one other human I guarded and that ended poorly.”
“Oh.” That was all Tony said.
“Your belief?”
He rolls his eyes; they are not getting into the argument about his misspent youth again. Pep has always been at his side, except for those years. He wanted her to adventure as he’d put it but she turned up her nose at him. Now as she stands there with an interface clutched in her hand and her long silky red-blonde hair bobbing from its ponytail as she swings her head from side to side in some mimicry of disappointment, he sighs and says, “It’ll happen. I’ll find someone here.”
Steve shivers through it, fighting to keep himself open to Tony, allow Tony purchase and entrance. They have no other way to fight Ultron, but to find this route, this way toward the heart of the center of the AI. Yet, it terrifies him. He has never been so exposed and open, so raw and honest with anyone – even himself. Tony can read every thought, know all his hopes and dreams, his fears and doubts. He knows Steve’s own self-hatred that he wraps up in piles of stoic harmony, keeping it hidden away to ensure no one knows who the real Steve Rogers is.
“Hi I’m Sam.” He’s drop dead gorgeous and all Steve can do is mutter a few words.
He wonders if he’s been cursed.
Bucky sipped his new drink, frowning at the taste, and then considered Steve. “Don’t do that. You know you’re the only important person to me on this whole fucking planet. I’m not going to say goodbye to her when I can sit here with my best god damned friend in the whole universe.”
He thought he was going to fucking die. All because he fell in love with a hooker.
“Something like that.” Tony sniffs the air. “We’re getting closer to the ocean.”
to be kidding me.” Tony threw his hands up. He couldn’t handle that. This soul pack was completely fucked up. “What the hell? Maybe under duress you get funky or something. You fucking bonded with criminals.”
“Then what is it?”
“What?” Tony rushes to him and hugs him. “No. I’m not going to leave you here. I’ll find a way. Don’t worry. I’m not going to leave you all alone.”
“Bruce is with him. Even with the strange teas, Bruce is still a very good doctor,” Tony says.
Steve looked at Rumlow before he slowly opened his mouth. It would only take a second. Precise timing. He had a knack for it.
“I think that’s exactly what it is,” Steve said. “Pizza and beer okay?”
Steve had never been false in the dreamscape. In fact, he’d been more of himself in this place between worlds than he’d been in real life for the first year or so of his interaction with Tony.
“Glasses?” Tony asks and Pepper moves away. She shuffles across the floor in bare feet. “Where are your shoes?”
“You Stark men always take what you want, don’t you?” Steve shoves past Tony and rushes up the stairs. Standing stock still, Tony goes blank, his mind a white space of confusion.
Bruce bites back his reply but then puts up a hand. “Okay, I get that it’s frustrating, that your boyfriend is hurting. But don’t take it out on me.”
Howard chuckled, but it sounded more amused than laced with malice. “Here, have a go at it.” He placed a notebook in front of Tony. “That’s all we have left of Erskine’s notes.”
Steve feels an itch like there’s some possibilities. “You sent the letter, right?”
Friday responds, “Ready when you are, boss.”
“I was wondering if Tony mentioned about nanites for me?”
“Understood. I called the Hawk already.”
“The train,” Clint said and grimaced. “You are old fashioned.”
It shocks him how much the stress of so many years strips Pepper bare of her usual happy and confident façade. He’d never guessed.  He rails against the ableist society while pretending to be one of them. Pepper, Rhodey, Jarvis – all of them – have worked to shore up his image and ensure no one would know the truth. He never wanted to be a burden; he tried his damnedest not to be. But in fact, what he’s done is the opposite.
“No, my neurologist doesn’t have a clue. He’s that good of a doctor,” Tony snaps back and then stops. He screws up his mouth. “You’re joking. You were very tricky, you made sure not to put a sarcastic tone in your voice. The great American war hero, Captain Rogers is a bit of a shithead.”
“Thank you. I’m afraid I didn’t get your name?”
“We’re not allowed to give anyone that information. Even you, sir.” When he glimpsed the rage that must have shown on Tony’s face Rumlow added, “It might be in the files.”
Steve pulls out his little black book and shows Tony as JARVIS sets up the movie. They don’t end up watching most of the movie since Tony has a lot of commentary about the list and things that need to be added and removed. By the time the rebels are attacking the Death Star, Steve asks who the guy in the black mask is and Tony laughs. He really got lost in talking about life with Steve.
“No time for dallying. Pierce is here. We have to talk to him. Now!”
When the door cranked open again, Tony found himself numb and ready for them to slice away at his throat and take out his glands. A group of V-Corps agents walked into the room, Rumlow at their head. His eyes were shuttered and blank – like any dull-witted minion. Several of the agents brought out their shock batons and held them toward Tony as Rumlow bent down to unlock the chains. Tony jerked away, trying to kick at the man but one of the agents swung hard and true, hitting Tony in his chest with the shock baton. It ached through him.
“You want me to help you find him?”
“No, and you know that.”
Ultron may understand the construction of civilization, probably had millions of facts and figures at his disposal, but he never lived and breathed life. He’d only experienced it second hand – maybe that was why he longed to make a living body. Being human means living the vulgarities of life from the pesky insects buzzing around your head in the summer to the song of crickets during the long summer days. The artificial brilliance of Ultron’s mind limits his scope of the real human existence.
He notices for the first time that Tony has Steve’s bag. “Down the hill?”
Jarvis’ better idea had been to ask permission to take Tony on his annual vacation. Tony was sure that Jarvis and Ana had better things to do then to cart a little boy around London on all the sightseeing highlights of England, but they did. On the last day of the trip, Ana took Tony by the hand and brought him into their hotel room. The balcony doors were open to the noisy London street below. It wasn’t a fancy room like the ones Tony had always been used to, but one that offered comfort and warmth. He loved its cramped corners and slanted dormer.
“Job?” Bruce said as he trembled in Natasha’s care.
For a moment, Steve’s confused, because he’d thought Tony had planned to reciprocate but now he’s eyeing Steve with an intensity that burns through him, sets the throbbing of his blood to a new pitch. The heat of the room, of his blood melts all other thought.
“No, you never get over the first love of a mate, especially not your first mate.” As Thor spoke, Tony got the impression he was speaking from personal experience, and who could that have been all those ages ago?  “Especially if it means you are coming into your power.”
“I will see what I can do.” Strange doesn’t leave just then, but instead adds, “This isn’t the end, Tony. It can be the beginning.”
When Friday insisted that the system must reboot, Tony had slumped back in his chair in front of a console of screens. He had been visiting the Avengers campus in upstate New York. He’d decided to come for a weekend since his trip to see Pepper had been cut short. Cut short in that she had no interest in getting back together and he had to agree. They worked better apart than together.
“He wants you frozen. A cave is a perfect place to have you buried in an avalanche.”
Since he was a teenager always sick with one physical malady after another and then he realized his own desires, he’s always felt off, wrong. Even as he grew and put on muscle and strength, it only served to cause him more anxiety, more issues with his body. He’d always felt like he stepped into a pod and some scientists did something to him to remake him, change him, transform him into something
“Water. Find. Now.”
Tony regarded him then, his demeanor shifting from confrontational to more studied and considerate. “Well, let’s say we soul bond. What then?”
There’s so much he cannot recall.
“He’s awake – he took a late shift.”
Steve only half hears him. He needs to get to the shower and clean up. Plus his lungs are tight from all the crying he did and he needs to switch out that patches. “Okay. I’ll just.” He points over his shoulder (in the wrong direction of the shower). “Go shower.” He escapes before Tony can reconsider his offer.
Tony stifles a moan and bites at his lip before he’s able to say, “Don’t know, you just looked that way when they dragged you in here.”
Clint raised a single eyebrow. “Well, you did blow up all of your suits.”
“Not too forward?” Steve looks devilish with his kiss bruised lips and his wide dark pupils.
JARVIS announces, “Mer Rogers, I wanted to inform you that you are scheduled to meet Prince Anthony in exactly 15 minutes. He requested that you wear the uniform he provided instead of the more casual clothes to the match. Apparently, there will be an attendee of high importance at the lacrosse match.”
“No,” Tony said as he looked down at their hands entangled. “No, we can’t. It’s hard enough to deal with our anger.”
Steve ripped at the helmet and managed to pull loose the faceplate. He tossed it aside and to reveal Tony’s bruised face. Black eye and cut on his cheek. Steve pressed the comm bud in his ear. “JARVIS give me some stats on Tony.”
The warmth surrounding him, protecting him from Ultron’s assault becomes a bright light. Stronger still until he experiences it not only as a sensation but as thought itself.
“Yeah?” Tony was quiet, even the single word was whispered.
“Don’t remember ever drinking out of anything but tin cups around here.”
Each step, each moment, of the next hour became a trial. Tony could not imagine any universe where the team, Steve’s pack, his family wouldn’t accompany him and hold him up. As a pall bearer, Steve held rigid but his expression betrayed him. The ruin reverberated through the bond. Sam, sitting next to Tony, kept his hands in fists as the tide of Steve’s sorrow crested and fell over and over again. Natasha held onto the pew in front of them as if she might bolt over the heads of the mourners and jump to Steve’s defense. Clint stayed close to Bruce, though he seemed the least perturbed. What Tony received from Bruce through the bond could only be described as still waters against the storm. All of their focus, every one of them, centered on Steve. The problem was that it was erratic, chaotic without all the variables resolving to a solution. Each of them were trying their best and in their own way to help Steve, but a team needed a strategy. Bruce was right in many ways they were a chemical reaction headed toward chaos. But to Tony, it was a simple problem with one answer. They needed to direct their energies, their souls to Steve’s.
Steven lightly stroked his hand up and down Tony’s back. “In some ways you are my captor. I am compelled to be your servant, your warrior by biology. But the fact remains that society has made me subservient to you in every way under the law. It wasn’t like that – well it wasn’t like that before. It isn’t like that in the Purge Rim.”
Tony remained contemplative and asked, “What did he say?”
“I didn’t volunteer. Stark requested me, and since-.”
“Nope, whole island just for us.”
He types in “Hermi.”
A cold blast hits them and then hail rains down on them, pelleting and bruising. Steve rips the shield off his back and hauls Tony toward him. Arms linked; they race for the cover of the trees. An angry cry fills the air threatening to burst Steve’s eardrums. He stumbles but Tony forces him to stay upright. They make it to the tree line as the Door in the distance completely fades.
Tony smiles. He leans forward plucking the stem from Steve and then lazily licking away the stain. “I told you, brilliant.”
What new hell is this? He seizes on an idea. “You didn’t bring your shield. We weren’t allowed to bring our stuff, our Avengers’ stuff.” His armor sits idle, many many miles away.
“He’s very resistant. He always has to do everything his way.” Wong sounds affronted.
“No. We’re enlightened. We know the truth of his cursed rule here,” Natasha says.
“Naysayer,” Tony said and then spent the next fifteen minutes searching the place for anything to plug into the outlet. When he stopped, empty handed, he glowered at Steve. “Don’t you say it.”
The feeling of Blu washes over him, a starlight explosion of safety and affection. He moves toward the feeling, letting it encompass him. When it does, Tony holds on, holds on and wishes.
“Damn it, damn it,” Steve sputters as notices the blue on Tony’s lips, the gaunt and wan look to his skin. Steve hesitates for a second as the images of the war dead come unbidden to mind. He wipes the thoughts away with a grunt and then turns Tony’s head. He clears out his mouth, but that doesn’t help.  He’s not breathing.
Several grunt and sighs answered him and then a yawn. “Steve?”
“Working pods?”
It worked as a defense mechanism – to worry about what had happened to Steve and not to concern himself about his own circumstances. His whole body felt like a live wire. The shooting of some kind of energy from the center of his chest out to his limbs crackled and hissed in his brain. From the crucifixion to the transformation, he couldn’t wrap his head around it all. Too much. It was all too much.
“No, no family. They’re all dead.”
“I’m not.” He doesn’t explain further, and Tony leaves it. He walks over to the cot again and the lion picks his head up. “Is he some kind of pet?”
“I’m sorry I can’t sit here. I can’t hold vigil for you. Sitting here on my hands with nothing to do, I can’t do this. I can’t do nothing while you tear away from me. Why are you doing this? Why are you leaving me?” Even as he spoke, he heard the hysteria ramp up in his voice. He needed to leave. The urgency to flee overwhelmed him and he stumbled backward, away from the bed – the stillness of Steve – the grayness of his features. He turned and started out of the critical care room only to bump into Bruce.
“As simple as that?” Clint said and twisted further into the shadows of the room. “Great. Another way to fuck me up.”
Tony tasted the bile in his mouth. “God damn it, do you even get what’s going on here. Look at yourself.”
“Nice, Rogers,” Natasha says and strolls around the filthy cave.
Coulson pressed his thin lips together and then said, “I’m going to be leaving. Again. This time, this time for good.”
“There goes all our progress,” Tony says.
Steve starts to worry at the 20 hour mark. They’ve been sitting in the laboratory for nearly 24 hours, the sun came up a few hours ago and all they’ve eaten is a pizza that Wanda sent down to the laboratory for dinner last night. Steve’s eyes cross and sting as he stares at the code. They’ve made progress, no doubt about that, but he’s tired and he can’t see straight anymore. On the other hand, Tony’s bounding with frenetic energy. His hair spikes up, his sightless eyes gleam, he’s over the moon with excitement about their progress. Steve needs sleep.
Both Harry and Jamison appear at opposite ends of the vestibule area of the mansion. Tony considers Steven once more and then says, “This is your last chance. Get on your knees and submit. I may consider leniency.”
“Handling being attracted to moi?” When Bruce screwed up his mouth and glared at Tony, he dropped the act. “Okay, okay. Not well at first but he’s coming around to it. He tried to make a huge leap but, believe it or not, I stopped him. I was actually quite proud of me, myself and I for cockblocking myself.”
A low rumble answers him and Tony’s reminded of earthquakes in California. Blu gets up and stretches, then waits for him. “Okay. I need to bring these up there.” Tony indicates a shadowed area on the rocky hillside. “We can hide the armor there, and then go searching for water.”
“It’s Tony,” Stark says, and he has the audacity to reach out and pat Steve’s hand that is laying on the table.  “And I know more than you realize about your exploits during the war. My father shared quite a bit of the real you.”
“Tell me about him,” Tony says and points to the sketch clutched in Steve’s hand.
Tony had to pause to let the enormity of that sink in. No higher brain function? He might have killed his soulmate. His hands shook, his heart pulsed in his ears so that it was hard to even hear himself speak. The logical part of his brain took over as he sank further and further away from reality as if the waves that wash over Steve and drown him threatened Tony as well. Yet, he still remained rational. “Shouldn’t the serum have taken care of it all. It shouldn’t have resulted in a coma?”  He looked to Bruce to confirm his assumption.
“Oh shit, yeah,” Clint said and pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes. “Oh crap. I’m a little dizzy,” Clint said. “Is that from the bond or something else?”
“Do they even know about the zombie effect?” Clint asked.
“That’s the advice from the Companion.”
Natasha shoved Tony over to Bruce. “Talk to him. I’ll deal with the Birdman.”
“I’m not used to such fundamentalist view of my caste,” Steven says and still doesn’t drop to his knees.
Tony puts up his hands in surrender. “Stop. That was rude of me. I know-.”
JARVIS answered him by turning on the amber lamps ensconced along the walls. It truly looked like a library out of the last century and never really fit into the rest of the house. He still couldn’t to this day figure out what the hell he was thinking when he designed the place. Years ago. Another lifetime.
Steve balances and then looks over his shoulder and sees the faintest shimmer of blue light – a light that’s similar to the way Tony’s arc reactor used to glow in the dark.
Tony finds his hand, bare of the gauntlet (and when did he do that) rubbing Steve’s bruised shoulder, as he encourages him with tender words.  “I’m getting you out of here, now. No one can hurt you.”
Steve knows those fears. A fear of being rejected, a fear of being left behind, a fear of being the ugly one never included. He understands the fears because it grows in his bones, it runs in his blood, it heats his nerves.
“Yeah?”
“You’ve gone through a good dozen or so bags since you came back from New York,” Natasha said as she stuffed her hands in her pockets. He never trusted her like that, hands hidden with stingers at the ready.
“You do, but I think you might still have a soft spot for him in your heart. If I know you, and I think I do. You have a tendency to have a blind spot when it comes to people you love, to people who mean a lot to you,” Steven said. He shifted his shoulders then as if he was shrugging off an unwanted touch. “I won’t have history repeat itself.”
Tony agrees and dries off. They finish and abandon the wrecked bathroom for the main living room of the prince’s quarters. Steve’s partially guilty for the bathroom and momentarily thinks he should at least sop up the water, but Tony turns him back to the living room.
“I believe you about this Captain in the Army.”
Maybe that was true. Maybe it wasn’t. His focus darted to the glass window of the elevator.
Steven starts away again, but Tony doesn’t let go of his hand. “Stay.”
“Well, I don’t but come on. What’s that?” Steve tilted his head and then with a smirk and a wink he pounced. He nuzzled at Tony’s neck, just in the tiny place between his shoulder and ear that made Tony giggle uncontrollably.
“Right there. Don’t do that,” Steve said. Adoration as wonderful as it was only provided him nothing but hollow relationships. “Just- just be the guy I talked to all night after I stopped by the VA.”
“Listen, okay, I’m sorry. I know, I know what this is. You’re a sex worker. I get that – I just – I care about your welfare, okay?” Tony says and why does he have to defend himself for caring, for wanting this man to not suffer. “You don’t have to do this, you could have something more. I’m rich, powerful, I have friends in important places. You know who I am right, I’m To-.”
The perfectly sunny day darkened, and the clouds swarmed over the city. Lightning flashed in the distance. He’d heard that older, more ancient vampires acquired more skills and specialized talents as they aged. One rumor had been that Thor actually ended up with his name because he had the special talent to summons clouds and rain storms. Steve had never seen it before. He watched as the rain poured in sheets from the sky, thick clouds obscuring their path as Clint directed the helicopter into the worst of it.
“I’m in Colorado – Colorado Springs. Air Force training. Where are you?” Tony gave him the coordinates. “That’s up in the mountains, at the Continental Divide.”
Rhodey had agreed, but it was all too late. Before Tony could parse the import of the events leaking to the news, Steve called him and told him to lay low. To get Pepper safe. To stay safe. He had sounded like a man with a mission, a vital one. In the hours that ticked by before he heard about the attack, Tony went to find Bruce to see if his science colleague whom he spent many an afternoon shooting the shit, had any insight. Bruce was nowhere to be found.
A gurgled huh echoed from the bathroom.
Steve nods. The cold burns his cheeks and chaps his lips. “Good. We’ll figure out a plan once we get there.” He doesn’t mutter – if Ultron lets us get there, but Tony answers him as if he’d spoken out loud.
Steve exhales and drops his hands. “I told you, Tony. I’ve been through a lot of things. I can handle it. If I sat and thought about it too long, I might go deep into it and never come out of that pit. It’s not nice. People aren’t wholly nice. But I’ve learned that most people try and that’s where I put my faith in. Goons like Rumlow are goons and not worth my wasted effort.”
Tony sits and turns around as he checks out the space. The kitchen has no character which surprises Tony. “I’m pretty sure I didn’t design this.”
Like the Red Sea, the people parted, and Clint ushered Tony through the crowd and into the hallway to the elevators. Without pause, they stepped into one of the elevators and Clint moved in front of Tony as if protecting him as the doors closed and people peered inside. Tony noticed Clint in his SHIELD uniform, bow and full quiver strapped on his back.
It didn’t think about the other levels.
Bruce screws up his face and he looks a little like he’s sucking on a lemon. “What about-.” He spins on his heels. “I don’t know a lot about it, but I was reading in Scientific America-.”
“What was that all about?” Steve asked as he shuffled the map Clint had laid out on the kitchen table. The dirty dishes were stacked on the counter next to the sink.
Steve stopped him. “It’s not Cap asking. It’s Steve Rogers, the kid from Brooklyn with an attitude.”
“A little,” he says and mimes with his hands. “Not much.” He looks back at Tony who is still sleeping, curled on his side. Now is as good a time as any to ask. “Food, can we get food.” He pretends to eat.
He stands and shakes his head. “I don’t think any of us can fathom that, ma’am.”
He has to be on a ship with this man for days, while Tony shares a cabin with Tiberius. He needs to get his reactions under control.
Tony inhales, holds it, and then exhales. “You’re dying, Steve. If we don’t save your gland you’ll be dead in the next few days. We can’t stop it.”
“What’s that?” Pepper asks and she leans over the desk to reach the document. Steve slides it over to her and points out the issue with the pen tip. She reads and then glances Tony’s way. “Hmm. I think it would be your family. Mister Stark doesn’t have immediate family anymore.”
A deer in headlights has a better chance than Steve does at that moment. He shifts his attention between the bed and the couch, half glad that Tony couldn’t see him. He gathers up his sketchpad and pencils. Sitting on the edge of the bed, Steve wills his heart to stop the stampede in his chest.
Tony went to the toolbox where he’d thrown the thumb drive. He picked it up and brought it over to the table. “Do you want it back?” Half of him didn’t want Coulson to take the drive. Allowing Coulson to take it would mean that Steve was lost to him forever.
Tony tugged off his shirt, revealing the arc reactor scar, and then simply nodded to Steve, who did the same. “Now touch me.”
“Good to know.” She scribbles something on her pad. “”You know more than I thought. Though I have an idea that you’ve watched more vids than actually done things. I’m going to sign up with an easy client first. One of our best clients. He just came from the front and pinged today for a session.”
“Um, no? We’re funded by SHIELD. All’s good. I just thought it might be nice to get together,” Steve said and the flicker of distance appeared in his eyes. He shifted in his seat. “But it’s fine if you are busy.”
The light blinded Tony. He squinted, and Natasha pushed him behind the pantry cupboard. “Door, Rogers, door!” Natasha ordered.
“I think she did. She told me and I quote, ‘this one isn’t going to hold back telling you what he thinks. He’s got a mouth on him and I’m not talking about a good blow.’”
“Yes!” Steve steps right up to him and lifts his hands. “Go right ahead!”
“It’s well fortified. Outposts here, here, and here. Nothing on this ridge as far as we can tell, but the mountain isn’t scalable so that might not be a way to go,” Maria said.
“Going to India.”
“Five.” Steve pulls out some of the deli meat, mustard, mayonnaise, lettuce, and tomatoes. “Why don’t you tell me what you want. I’ll fix something.”
Steve bites back the words – the denials, the pleading – and then looks to the door where they took Tony. “Can I see him?”
“It is if there’s nothing to actually plug into the socket,” Steve said.
“Yeah. You have to know Steve, you can’t live like this. The doctors said the seizures will eventually lead to brain damage.” He puts up a hand to stop Steve’s protests. “The serum can’t keep up with seizures that last hours. We think that’s part of the reason why you lapse into unconsciousness now is that the serum has to work overtime to repair the damage done.”
“Wait until you see if I burn it,” Steve said. “Can you check and see if there are any cups or mugs somewhere?”
“How old are you, anyhow?” Steve hisses and yanks his hand away from his pants. “Once we get back, you’re washing up. Full shower. Lord, you even have it in your hair.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you,” Tony says.
He plummeted toward the floor of the atrium, only the thin disk of vibranium between him and death. Colliding, the impact rattled his bones and then shield vibrated so hard his teeth chattered. He did a second tiny bounce and then stilled. The whole of the atrium paused around him, all the agents and administrative staff frozen by the sight of Captain America laying on the floor. He didn’t have a moment to regroup. They would be coming after him. Pushing his fist into the floor, he hoisted his body up and felt every muscle ache and every bone shudder. How many bruises, strains, or fractures he might have sustained, Steve didn’t pause to find out. He staggered a step and then ran, full out across the atrium toward the parking garage. He needed to get to his bike and out of the Triskelion before they locked out the bridge.
The prince alleviates his worries. “Please, sit. I’ll just be a bit.”
“Yeah, yeah, that’s a good idea.” Tony clicks off the phone and wilts back into the two seater. His shoulders slump and the willpower to even breathe leaves him. A coffee is forced into his hand and he looks up to see Nat standing next to him.
“I’m afraid that no one can stop, sir, when his mind is made up and he’s determined, Sheriff Rogers,” Jarvis says as brings the tea on a tray. He sets it on the table between the two chairs and then stands to the side, waiting.
“Time Delayed by 3 days and 5 hours.”
As they stand there awaiting the assignment of the bonding room, the lights go out in the omega’s cell and then the glass grays to an inky black. That means they are preparing to go in and subdue the omega to bring him to the bonding room. Even as Tony stands there, he cannot deny his alpha urges. The thought of men, soldiers, getting the omega to submit sends a thrill into his gut and hardens his groin. Though the pleasure mixes with a bit of shame, Tony refuses to reject his nature. That’s just not who he is. He’s always enjoyed the knot, though he’s never bonded. One day he may marry and have children. Bonding complicates that, though it is widely accepted.
Gurgling as the water rushes over his head, Bucky can’t respond, but he hauls Steve toward him and manages to get an arm wrapped around him. Steve clings to him, holding on while his moans becomes more like partial, though muffled words. Bucky gets them to dry ground, but just barely as Steve fumbles and flails against the rocks.
“It is, but Brothels can take on a certain number of ‘apprentices’ who’ve only done the virtual-vid training modules. So, I’m not formally a full member, but an apprentice.” Steve pops a cherry into his mouth. He knows he should be eating some of the steaming turkey breast, but he can’t help but want to eat the sweet cherries.
Staring out at the lush, dense rainforest, Steve appreciates the complexity, the beauty of an ecosystem layered and intertwined. He could live forever discovering its wonder and its exquisiteness. If only.
“Nope, Newton physics should apply, but this is some weird ass stuff we’re getting into,” Tony agrees. “So somehow or another this applies.”
“Yeah, hook, line, and sinker,” Steve said with a smile. “She was everything to me. And she made the fears go away. The anxieties, the questions.”
Before asking the prisoner’s name, Tony asked, “How long? Specifically, how long has he been here?”
Tony bolts up out of the bed and stands close to Steve. He’s facing slightly to the left of him. “Don’t you think I know that. Don’t you think I get it? When this first happened to me, I wasn’t a stranger to migraines, seizures, whatever the hell. I had a serious traumatic brain injury. Geez thanks dad!” Tony spins on his heel and steps away from Steve. “Every day I lived with the thought my brain would be taken away from me along with my sight. Every day. I was terrified. This-.” Tony gestures. “This is nothing.”
“I’m sure I don’t know, I knew your father, but we weren’t close.”
Bucky stands up and pauses before he departs. He rounds the desk and hangs there, hesitating. Finally, he says, “Steve, you got a lot going for you. There are other fish you know, in the cosmos or whatever.”
As he nibbles on the cookie he says, "I have a friend who might know your son?"
As he awaited Steve’s arrival, Tony turned his focus toward getting the word to Natasha. Finding her was a near to impossible task. He went down to his workshop on the lower levels with its large array of computers. The one wall came alive when he entered, and holographic screens encased him as he stepped up to the platform. He asked JARVIS to search and find Natasha. Vampires had their own secret internet set up. They didn’t call it anything as ridiculous as the dark web or the blood web. They just named it for what it was. Freedom. He sent out a call, asking for her to get to his safehouse as soon as possible. If Bruce was right and Ross was actually after immortality and found a way to secure it, they were worse off than just zombie land. Ross wouldn’t only want to harvest the glands of vampires for his diabolical experiment but he would need to capture vampires and keep them alive in order to make new vampires to harvest the glands. It was sick and gross and Tony shook as he rotated the holographic search parameters for Natasha.
The fire cracks and pops drawing Steve’s attention away from him. The orange flames flicker in his too blue eyes. He speaks lowly, hushed as if in reverence to his memories. “He was a kind man, a gentle man. He listened to me, respected me. He treated me like an equal when so many didn’t. They only saw me as a weakling.” He looks down at his hands. “I always had big hands, you know. My mother said some day I would grow big enough to fit into my hands.” He clears his throat and the memories fade from his features. “What was I saying?”
Because Steve Rogers isn’t the patriotic son of America.
“I don’t mean to be jerk or anything, Tony.” He hisses under his breath and then falls back into the booth, his shoulders sag. “I’m doing this all wrong. It was so much easier before.”
“You have to get Logan.”
Tony looks at Bruce, looks at how familiar they are to one another. Bruce has been living in the Tower since the Battle of New York. Steve’s only just returned. How could they feel anything other than simple infatuation at this point?  Yet, the idea of losing Steve to this medical condition or to Logan grips Tony in the chest like a vice and tightens so that the arc reactor wants to pop out of his chest. Tony rubs at the casing of the arc reactor.
It takes while for Steve to figure it out, and even then, he’s not 100% sure. “Probably around seven years give or take.” He stirs the pot. “The Depression was going on pretty strong and I had just about nothing.” He shrugs. “Doesn’t matter. You want soup?”
Defiance.
Steve glues his mouth shut. That’s the second time Tony voiced an answer to a concern Steve hadn’t vocalized. He convinces himself for a second time it’s mere coincidence. He follows Tony even though it might end up as a major confrontation Steve’s not up for right now. The spears of pain in his face matches the ones jutting into his side. Sitting down sounds good.
“What the fuck? You have got to be kidding me. The Post Office? You sent that precious shield that my father made through the US Post Office and you trusted them?” Tony staggers to his seat. “You have got to be kidding me.”
“Retract the armor.”
Tony peered over at Rumlow. “What the hell is this?”
He pants, realizing through his climax he hadn’t breathed. Sweat and semen mix to linger in the air. He slips out of Steve, easily enough and then reaches down to tie off the condom.
Standing in front of him, Ross observed in the half dark twilight of the room. Steve lidded his eyes and tried to stop what was happening to his body, to figure out what was happening to him, but the fuzz in his head clouded any analytical thoughts. He growled this time, but it came out muted.
“Don’t say that.” Tony looked at the boarded up windows and glimpsed the smallest crack of sun peeking through the planks of wood. They weren’t like other mates, at least not in Tony’s head.
“One day I’ll warm your cock with my mouth, the whole day through,” he whispers and slips a tongue along the thick base. Tony shudders against him, his cock weeping as he moans out his want.
“You thought I chose Bucky,” Steve says, his words vibrating.
“He protected me, even when I thought I couldn’t be protected, or shouldn’t.”
Before he knows it, Tony’s crossed the distance between them. Steve wraps him in his arms. Tony crushes his bruised and ruined face into Steve’s shoulder. He doesn’t realize it until he pulls away, but he’s crying. Deeply. Honestly.
Tony fell back onto the cold concrete floor. His whole body shivered, seizing as he struggled. His hands quaked and he heard people in the background.
“Captain.”
When he chose Steven out of the different omegas on Nod, she had been opposed to it. Of course, Steven looked like a dead man. He practically was a dead man. Tony is the only reason the omega is alive now. Steven should show him respect just for that, but then he recalls that he promised the omega that if he won the chair, then Steven would be free to end it. He wanted to end it and Tony cannot parse why.
The shock of the last hour hit Tony, and he stumbled to land next to Steve. Natasha took that as a sign and moved away. Not knowing what to do, Tony only gathered Steve to his chest and embraced him. His cold skin felt so wrong, so horribly strange. He cupped Steve’s face and searched his bleary gaze. “Don’t leave me.”
“I’m okay,” Steve said and then added, “Worth it.”
It's a damned muzzle.
Steve slips his arm off of Bucky’s shoulders, and studies him. “Really, Buck, what’s this all about?”
“But did you feel for him as a lover?” Tony says as the lift brings them toward the bridge level.
He leaned forward and pushed Steve back. “There will be time for that.” Steve huffed but then Tony touched him, circling his fingers as he did. Tensing, Steve gritted his teeth. “This is supposed to be fun. Not something you can’t stand.”
“Yes, Of course it is.” He feels relief that he shouldn’t since he knows just by Steve’s demeanor that he’s lying to protect Tony’s feelings.
He never picks up pencil or stylists anymore. He doesn’t even know where his art supplies are. He thinks a psychologist would have a field day with him. Throwing himself down on the mattress, he lies with eyes open for hours. Sleep doesn’t come. She’s become a difficult mistress these days.
Hulk opens his mouth wide in an angry roar. In a fit of inspiration and desperation, Steve dives his hand in and seizes the monster’s tongue. He yanks with all his might and the Hulk goes wild. Before he can bite down on Steve, he jerks away his hand and punches the Hulk directly in the throat. It won’t down the beast but it’s enough to free Steve. He rolls away from the Hulk as the monster gurgles from the fist to his trachea.
“Okay, okay.” Tony pets him once more and then says, “I’m gonna fill you up, right now. I’m gonna fill you like no one else can.” And then he has four fingers in Steve, and he howls in response – not from pain but the absolute pleasure of it.
He makes that promise, deep in his heart.  Nearly exhausted, he spots Rhodey coming to save him. Collasping into his friend’s arms, his brain numbs and all he can think about is safety and home. Trying to find that home again would be a journey that would take weeks and months. It’s months later when the enormity of his life and what’s happened hit him – from building Iron Man to confronting Obie – his guts twists and churns at the memory. It’s hot and burns and his eyes sting. He pretends it’s the makeup causing him his eyes to tear when he says, I am Iron Man.
to some degree with some freedom.
“Is this advice from the Companion?” Tony asked.
Tony laughs and sits down. “Thanks. I needed that,” he says after he’s finished another cup of coffee. “You’re more than a little snarky yourself, you know.”
Tony sent word to other covens, reaching out to all of the ones he knew. With his message to one of the Asian covens to Helen sent, he worked in an extra request for her expertise in this area. At one time she had been a respected scientist working on tissue regeneration. She’d been turned more than 30 years ago and rose in the ranks of her coven quickly when there was a purge during a Blight scare back in the 90s. She still dabbled in science and her own research when heading up a coven didn’t take all her free time. He’d wanted to meet her, but then she dropped off the radar. The human society shunned her when she attempted to do what no other vampire had been able to successfully do –integrate into human society to continue her work. They labeled her the Asian Doctor Frankenstein and her work was mocked and laughed at – though Tony had seen promise in her ideas. He should have connected with her earlier, but prejudice ran deep and as a human he hadn’t been enlightened back then at all. Now, he hoped she would reach out and respond to his inquiry.
This, this man is his heaven and he will surely succumb to the flames to be with him. His heart ricochets in his chest like echoes in a corridor. Tony rubs his hands through Steve’s hair, grinding his hips in short jerks as Steve works.
Tony pounds on the keys but not with violence but with purpose. Every note perfection as he glides up and down the keyboard. He chases the resolution of the music like he searches for an end of a war without end. He hurtles through the measures of the music, possessed by it but also, commanding it. His cock firm and throbbing in Steve’s mouth, so hot and hard that Steve can’t stop himself from bobbing and swallowing every now and again. The music reaches a fevered pitch, the notes tumbling off one another like thunder following in lightning’s wake. There’s no stopping it and then, and then…
“Yes, I want to do more. I want you have me, I want you to be inside of me. Is that okay? Can we do that?” He bits his lower lip. “It’s rather selfish, I know, but -I’m not even sure if you’re interested in that? If you aren’t, if you’d rather-.”
“Well, let’s get to it. We’re burning daylight.” The landscape around them looks too perfect, every blade of grass, all the leaves in the trees – nothing blends together. “I think you should have consulted an artist when you designed the entrance.” He walks away from the Door. Keeping the Door directly behind him must be the best strategy, but he doesn’t know for sure. It’s not like he’s spent much time playing video games.
“Nope,” Tony says and bites into his cheeseburger. It’s still mildly warm. “By the way, I’m sorry.”
“Sucking is not something I want to have any part of,” Rhodey had muttered as he cleaned up his already spotless dorm room.
He glances over at Fury and shakes his head. “No, no it doesn’t.”
CHAPTER 5: COUNCIL OF WORLDS
He gets the wires out without any issue. He finds a small pocket knife on the bench, too small to be an effective weapon but good enough to be a tool. Clutching it he concentrates on his task. He puts it in the flames, warming it in order to sterilize it. For a second he thinks he should burn the infected flesh in Tony’s gaping wound, but then the pain might put him into shock and Steve is ill equipped to deal with that.  Once he allows the blade to cool, he goes back to his impromptu operating table, leaning over Tony and lowering the blade.
Clint quirks a brow and says, “As always, Cap, it would be my genuine pleasure.”
As the helicopter zeroed in on them, Steve whipped the car around and toward the back of the house where he knew there was a delivery entrance. It wasn’t an easy route and more suited for an all-terrain vehicle than a sporty sedan but going toward the main entrance was fool’s play. The tires squealed as he pushed the car across the pavement, to the gravel and then around the house. A hail of bullets followed them.
Tony grimaces. He hates when Jarvis pulls out the sir. It means he knows Tony’s not paying attention to saner minds. “I will. I will. I wanted to ask you something.”
“Nice.”
“By the way, thanks for thinking of me with the coffee creamer.”
Steve cupped a hand against Tony’s cheek. “Is that so bad?”
As the tie fighter comes in for a second pass, Bucky clamors to his feet and then yanks Steve to follow. Steve can barely hold up his head, the weight of the cage is a burden and his strength is minuscule.  They mount the ridge toward the tree line. The exposure isn’t good, but it does allow Bucky to see Hawkeye bringing in the ship and Sam flying toward them with Redwing circling.
Once they were alone, Steve turned to Tony. His red and gold irises were startling and beautiful. He looked vibrant, almost unearthly in his radiance. Tony clasped Steve’s hand. Words clogged Steve’s throat, and he found tears burning his eyes again. “I don’t want to do this.” It was all he could say, and Tony dropped his hand, his features crestfallen and hollow.
“Shit,” he mutters under his breath.
“He’s Howard’s son, that’s why the board is interested in you. That’s why we thawed you out,” Fury says. “Howard wasn’t any piece of joy and many an angel never gained their wings trying to turn him on the path of righteousness and justice. His son is worse. You think Howard was a pill, a character, wait until you meet up with him.
“Your souls,” Natasha said and slung the backpack on her shoulders. “Hurry up. You’re burning daylight.”
“Are you sure? We haven’t quite explored the place yet?”
*oOo*
Steve stands up and says, “Not a Captain anymore.” He offers his hand. Strange takes it and gives him a firm shake. “Just Steve is fine. Please to meet you Doctor Strange.”
“Bugs have been out for a while, yes.” Fury was – well – infuriating sometimes. “I don’t really need a babysitter.”
Steve touches the side of Tony’s hand and then places them in his palm. Tony slips the glasses on and touches the frame. He winces a little but doesn’t complain of a headache – yet. “What are you talking about?” He turns his attention to Strange.
“The famous Iron Man,” the Hunter says as he walks forward in front of his SUV. He has a strange lilt to his English; it almost sounds as if he comes from Morocco to Tony’s ears.
“I’m happy about that. I just feel really out of my element here. I don’t know if this is a good idea, Mister Stark-.”
“Sweet,” Tony says and yawns. “Wake me up when my Guardian Angel re-appears, I have a bone to pick with him.”
“Shush, you’re very sick.” The words feel like they are part of a lullaby. Sung not by his mother but by a stranger – yet someone comforting. “They’re trying everything, but it isn’t working.”
The SUV skids to a stop and the semi-automatics target him. Slowly, Tony saunters toward the vehicle. The driver gets out, his hands empty. Unlike other mature men in the area he’s not sporting a beard. His lack of piety would disturb the locals, Tony knows.
The light grows brighter still. It’s not blinding but warm and inviting.
“You’re not wrong,” Steve replies and for a moment Tony has no idea what he means. He looks over his shoulder at his team leader. Steve rolls his eyes and shakes his head. “You said you don’t think they’re coming.” He shows Tony the phone, wiggling it in the air. “You’re not wrong. They can’t make it. The storm shut down the airport.”
“Go to sleep and I won’t tell him.”
“It looked like you worked something out, on the flight back that is,” Bruce said, and the jerk had a smile a mile wide that he attempted but failed to hide with the mug. “You spent the day with him.”
When he pushes open the door of the saloon, several heads pop up from the poker games, the tables scattered throughout the room. A few of the patrons tip their hats and Steve does so in kind. Steve spots Natasha at the bar serving drinks as the crowd begins to warm for the night. He doesn’t see Tony. Natasha sees him and waves him to the corner of the bar, away from the rest of the crowd.
Bucky remained frozen, still for long seconds, but then tentatively raised his arms and gently brought Steve into his embrace as well. The feel of Bucky in his arms brought back memories of the last time they embraced – right before he’d left Steve and shipped out. Tears stung his eyes as he hung onto Bucky and then buried his face in his neck. The soul waves pulsed a new beat as if finally coming into resonance. Bucky shuddered against Steve but didn’t fight it – in fact it felt as if he welcomed it.
Steve looks more nauseous than Tony feels. “No, I -my last name has always been Rogers.” His face screws up like he doubts what he’s saying and then standing up, he brushes his hand on his pants. “Why do you want to know? It doesn’t matter, lots of people have the name Steve Rogers.”
It’s Labor Day.
“Bucky,” Steve said and took a step toward him. At the same time his comm crackled.
Fury shook his head. “I’m not sure it works like that, Captain. I think the urgency, or need, will happen and you’ll just say it. You won’t be able to stop from what I understand. You will, in fact, by instinct and nature connect. You can’t make it happen.”
They trudge up the hill. It’s not a long incline to the other side of the yard, but the piles of snow and the weight of it makes it a workout nonetheless. By the time they get to the top, Tony wants to strip. He’s sweating.
“The implant has been giving me trouble. A lot of trouble actually.” Tony puts his hands in his pockets. Maybe it is a subconscious thing or maybe he does it willingly, but it sure does symbolize how very frustrated he’s been with his inability to remedy the issue. If he could change it, if he could take away some of the side effects then he could change the world for himself and for other visually impaired people. “My neurosurgeon was none too happy when I asked him to place the implant. It’s a prototype and needs a lot of work.”
He startled and grumbled at JARVIS. Sometimes he really wished to be alone. “If this is you asking what’s wrong, JARVIS, I don’t want to hear it.”
“I could go,” Tony offers.
They cross the stream and he stops Blu as they get to the side with their camp. “I need some water.”
“Pack him away, I guess.” Even saying it hurt. It was time to say goodbye.
Steve holds up his hand and says, “Not in the sense of spatial dimensions, but space-time ones. The Realms merge together, while the Boundaries keep them apart. It’s part of the issue with the Convergence – that hasn’t happened. And I’m talking in circles, aren’t I?”
"Did they find him?"
It turns and twists Bucky's stomach and he needs to push away the nausea.
Tony doesn’t say he was either extremely tired or trying his best performance in avoidance. He points to the large screen plastered on the wall. “I think you’ll like this one.”
Steve agrees and somehow Tony maneuvers him out of the shower and onto the closed toilet. It takes some doing but he gets the wet shirt off and slowly towel dries Steve. The marks on his neck from the garrote are faded.
He doesn’t believe them a single minute.
“You didn’t give me all of the resources I need to get through this scenario,” Steve says and the dossier is back in his hands. He tosses it down and points to it as if it is some kind of war prize. “I can’t do my mission if I don’t know all the details.”
Nat shifts her focus to Steve who steps up to the landing and joins them. "Yeah, okay."
“Jesus Christ! Fuck!” Tony said as he raced to join Steve with Bucky.
That doesn’t jive with the idea of Steve being Captain America, but maybe it does. Maybe he knows some really old guy that’s sick. That would make sense. “I’m sorry to hear that. Do you see him a lot?”
Instead, it’s Natasha. She’s annoyed to the brink of anger. “Steve, are you ready?”
A family? Clint? That was the first Tony had ever heard of that - and he’d known Clint for the entire time he’d been part of Natasha’s coven. He’d never spent any time getting to know Clint; it was frowned upon in all vampire conclaves to spend any time with another’s mate. Lord, he thought he only saw Thor’s mate a half dozen times. But mates and vampires and love weren’t really the issue at hand.
The absurdity of flying with a full grown male lion sweeps over him like the wind playing with the beast’s mane. Tony finds something both exotic and comforting about it; he’s almost lost in the haze of the surrealistic feelings overwhelming him when JARVIS chimes in.
Tony stands there like an idiot and a little stunned. He thought they were building a fire. It’s cold and the furnace is only mediocre at best. The wind howls and he hears it through the flue in the chimney. It’s getting dark. He should probably think about dinner. Absently he wonders if Steve ate lunch without him. Scratching at his neck, he realizes he hasn’t cleaned up properly either, and now he kind of stinks like the cobweb infested moldy basement.
Tony looks up from concentrating on the tin cup of soup. “I get it’s not his fault, but -.”
Stane audibly sighs and Steve chances another peek out into the main laboratory. He stands straight up, but his eyes focus intensely on Tony. “You know this is the right thing to do, I don’t know why you’re avoiding it.”
She leaves and Steve stares at his closet. His clothes are the finest that the station has to offer. The Cage is very exclusive, and he’s heard it carries all of the most recent fashions from the Inner Regions. While he considers this a ping alerts him to an incoming call. He taps his implant.
Bucky shuffles behind him, telegraphing his disapproval to Steve.
“She went to the US, home. Trying to find as many vampires and mates as possible. Sympathizers. Seems things are getting even nastier. Lending support where she can. Thor’s been helping too.” Tony moved slightly away, stayed apart from Steve, but he stepped into the stream of sunlight.
Steve stands stock still next to Tony for a full minute before he shifts slightly away from Tony, putting his balance on his foot farthest away from him. “I’m sorry? I’m not sure what you mean?”
Clint chews on his lips and shakes his head. “I can’t. I can’t tell you, but I’ll tell you this much, it eats on all of us every day that we can’t go out there. That we are literally stuck here.”
Steve only just manages to get off of Shield before the horse bucks. He yells to her to get across the river, slapping her in the hindquarters to get her moving as the water sloshes over his head. The horse pauses and then rears before plunging forward, taking Tony’s horse with her. Hoping the horse can make it to shore on her own, Steve focuses his effort on finding Tony. He swims through the rapids, the river a torrent of waves and current.
He installed a laboratory in several of his safe houses and Bruce routinely stayed there. He never ventured to the city unless he needed to, and Tony wondered what drew him in this time. As they made their way down the quiet roads, Tony asked, “Came to the city, huh?”
Obie steers Tony away before they protest and Steve’s left to stand in the middle of the room alone. He sighs and glances around trying to find a port in the storm. That’s when he spots the pile of auburn hair in a beautiful twisting coiffure. The red dress and headpiece serve Wanda well. Like a bullet, Steve heads directly to her. She sees him before he crosses half of the room and goes directly to him, embracing him.
“Marshmallows?”
“If I did, you’d lock me up. I trust you, Rhodes, don’t make me lose that trust.” He struggles free and stalks his way to the nurses’ station, demanding to know where Steve Rogers is. The nurse gives him the information but adds that only family can see him.
“Thor and Loki?” Steve says and flops down on the bed. “Thor and Loki? Did you just say Thor and Loki?”
He looked back at Tony again. It could be.  It could be, though. He couldn’t imagine it. Didn’t want to imagine it.  Oh, he knew it happened, but with Tony?  How could anyone be that disappointed in someone like Tony, the way his father had been disappointed in him. At least, that had made some sense. But Tony?  Tony was...amazing.  Any parent would be proud to have a child like Tony, wouldn’t they?
“The concepts seemed important to you,” Steve said, looking down at the carpet and frowning a bit at the large section missing.  “And I thought…well, it’s stupid, I guess, but I wanted you to know that…this…us…we are the island, Tony.  It isn’t a place that we stay.  It’s just us, together.  This…you and me…this is where I’ll stay.  I promise.”
“Well, you’re here now, and generally being annoying. Have I thrown you across the room? Yet?” Tony muttered, watching the numbers on the elevator’s screen count up. “Granted, I kind of want to just on principle and because Steve was apparently really impressed by that and the whole armor thing definitely left an impression…” Tony continued.
“It’s not guilt,” Tony cut in too quickly.  “Okay, fine. The building thing’s maybe a little guilt.  And panic. Don’t forget the panic.  Eighty percent wanting to be near you and show you I care and am in this for the long-haul.  Twenty, guilt and panic,” Tony acknowledged, bobbing his head back and forth.  Steve gave him a measuring look as the bus pulled alongside the curb.  “Fine.  Seventy/thirty,” Tony mumbled and followed Steve onto the bus.  “Still mostly love, though.  You can’t argue with math.”
U blinked his pincers in Tony’s direction, spun them around, then rolled over to try to pick up the wrench Tony had thrown.  The bot managed to snag the wrench in his pincer and drop it in the toolbox, raised his arm and whirred happily.
“Good, you are finally awake,” Cam announced from his perch so close to the bed that Steve almost jumped, focused as he was on Tony.  “The King said I was not to disturb you, even though it is quite late in the morning,” he added, punctuating his words with a stern, disapproving look at Steve.
“My mother died years ago.  My father when I was a babe,” Steve told him.  “I don’t have any siblings.”
Tony’s first thought when he woke the next morning was that his head was clearer than it had been in days, though he quickly realized that wasn’t exactly the right word for it. He was…centered. Yes, that was it. Like whatever had been keeping him off-kilter the past few days had gathered itself and coalesced, and he could finally think through things beyond just keeping Steve happy, healthy and safe. He hadn’t been that bad since they first Bonded, he thought with a slight frown, a time which Clint liked to remind him of at every turn just because he’d apparently nixed sex on Fury’s conference table because of an unfortunate lack of pillows. Honestly, Tony didn’t see why Clint couldn’t just let that one go. Still, it was good to have his head clear again, so he could focus on what needed to be done.
“I have things to do,” Tony replied, the words laced with steel.  Steve lay down on the bed, but watched as Tony quickly changed into something more suited for Court than his workshop.  When he was ready, he walked over to stand by the bed and looked down at Steve, though said nothing, just took Steve’s hand and squeezed.  “I will return when this is taken care of.  You are to remain here.  I’ll send for Cam as well.  Peran and Josiah?”  Tony called out without looking away from Steve.
Daylight already spilled into the room, meaning it was past time to get up, but wakefulness came slowly to him.  He wasn’t tired. The opposite, really.  It felt like the vestiges of sleep were slowly dripping off of him, and the dream--it had been a dream, he realized, of course, it had been, he was in his own bed not
“Not a problem.  She a, ah, fellow dancer?”  Rhodey asked.  Tony shot him a look and rolled his eyes. “I’m asking for a friend.”
Did not.
Steve would, at least, listen, Tony knew.  And Tony would—he would do whatever it took.  Whatever it was Steve needed, even if it was to be as far away from him as possible, he’d do it.  Somehow. He honestly couldn’t think about how. It made his chest hurt, like he couldn’t breathe, like the shrapnel had somehow freed itself and shredded his heart, and for a moment, he felt panic rising up in his throat on a wave of bile before he forced himself to close his eyes, breathe in some semblance of a normal rhythm and count by sevens, if only because it made him think of Steve.  If that was what Steve wanted, he told himself, then he would do it. He owed Steve that, at the very least, but dear God, he hoped Steve could forgive him for the part he played in all of this once he really understood the extent of it, even if Tony couldn’t quite manage to forgive himself. He would make it up to Steve, he told himself. Somehow. There had to be a way to make this right.
“You swore, man,” Rhodey said, shaking his head in mock disappointment.
“Harley?” Tony asked, sitting up a bit in seeming interest.
“Good,” Steve said, and smiled with relief, kissing Tony again, softer this time.  He finally stopped.  Tony made a disgruntled noise, but didn’t protest when Steve laid his forehead against Tony’s and breathed in, holding Tony against him.  Tremors ran through Steve’s body, and his jaw clenched as he breathed out a long, slow hiss of air.
“I’m fine. Good. You do know how to use email, don’t you?”
“Small enough that I’ll lose it,” Steve mumbles. “Looks a lot like a dime.”
“Then you need to apologize to him for that as well. Tony, I know this must have been hard for you to call me.”
Tony looks Steve up and down and speaks, “I see you.”
“Well, why don’t you ask him. Spend time with him, Tony. I’ve noticed you hanging out here too often lately. You usually avoid this place like the plague. Maybe you should go back to that and spend time with your new husband.” She stands next to him. The lights from the parking lot below glitter in her eyes. It reminds him of the cosmos, of Steve.
“Fuck, man, you don’t have to get over it.” The elevator arrived but Tony moved into Steve’s path and put his hand up to stop him. “Peggy was important to you. You can be upset. I’m telling you that.”
For a moment, Steve pauses as if the thought of how it is depraved, this act, might stop him. But he shuns it, how can this be depraved and immoral when Tony loves him? When it is an act of love, it is not wrong. It sets him free, allows him to pound into his hand with a frantic speed. He’s grunting as he does, loud and hoarse.
Jarvis. Great – that man hates Steve. He splashes some water on his face, dries, and then goes to the door. “Yes Jarvis.”
Barnes glares at him. “Can you at least think a little about him? He’s in surgery right now. He needs you to think about him, be strong for him.” He shoves the chair Tony was sitting in away with his left arm, the gears whirl. “You think it’s easy to be different, to know people look at you differently? See you as a freak? As a disease? A sore on the human condition? Think about it, Tony? He loves you. He never, ever wanted to see that on your face.”
Steve beams, kissing Tony hotly and fully. “I want to warn you I have a notoriously short recovery period.”
Steve had thanked him, or he thought he remembered doing that, anyway, then tried to sleep, mostly drifting in and out, fitfully tossing and turning without really sleeping, but every time he opened his eyes, Shellhead was there.  Finally, Steve had slept, and dreamt of searching for someone he couldn’t find, calling out to them, finally whistling for them, but nothing seemed to work. Steve woke with a start that second morning to the first rays of sun peeking over the horizon and Shellhead clinging to the side of the boat, his head lolling towards Steve as he slept.
Steve swallowed hard, past the lump in his throat. He felt the air leave his chest and a tight warmth pool low in his belly.  At least the water hid his reaction, though Tony’s expression sharpened, and his breaths shortened.  There was a hunger in Tony’s eyes as they roamed over Steve that hadn’t been there a moment ago that made Steve’s insides quicken with a liquid heat.
“I’m sure it will be great, Tony.  I grew up in the Depression.  It doesn’t take a lot,” Steve responded, sounding a bit sad, and Steve really shouldn’t sound like that, ever, really, so Tony probably needed to do something  to make it better.
“We could order a pizza.  Maybe try a movie, if you want.  I…haven’t seen a lot of the new releases, so.  Whatever you want,” Steve said with a shrug and a quick half-frown.
“I’m not saying---you know I don’t believe that.  I know you care.  But, battle as a last resort, to be avoided unless victory is virtually assured, is warfare for kings and scholars.  Not soldiers,” Steve insisted.  “Sometimes, there is no other way, Tony.  You have to…to say here.  This far, and no further.  Stand front of those you are fighting for, plant yourself on that line, and say, no.  You move.”
“James,” Nat murmured, bringing a hand up to his shoulder, though he jerked away from the touch.
“You...saw me?” Steve asked.
Stark just wanted to be right, that’s probably what all of this was about.  To him, it was all just a game.  A gamble, just like any other bet in this town.  Just like winning a Picasso off Wynn.  It didn’t matter. It was probably just about the thrill or something, like Brock said.  When you had that much at your fingertips, you probably went looking for things to interest you, which probably explained the race cars, the parties, the sexcapades. Heck, even the “incident” in Afghanistan--Steve wasn’t sure what the official story was these days, but he knew it had been a shit-show the military and Stark Industries wanted to bury-- and the sudden change in his company’s direction, all of that was probably little more than high-class thrill-seeking. This was probably the same thing for Stark. Just another thrill.  Another kind of entertainment to keep the boredom at bay.  Stark probably had to keep upping the ante to find that excitement he must crave, and tonight, it was this insane proposition to a stranger.
“I don’t care,” Tony said, realizing it was true.  “I don’t.  Whatever it is, it doesn’t matter.  The—the car, and France and the kitchen counter…It doesn’t—none of that needs to
Steve, of course.  Steve probably wouldn’t really notice.  But, he didn’t want to embarrass Steve.  They were already a study in One of These Things Is Not Like the Other, so why make the contrast more obvious?
Yinsen translated enough that the Omega seemed to understand, and he nodded once at Steve, then darted away, towards the keep.
“That…ah, that so?” Steve asked, punctuating each word with a sort of strained tone that pulled at the vowels.  He looked across the table at Tony with something that might have been mere curiosity, but felt different, more…possessive, Tony’s mind settled on with a small shiver that raced down his spine and coiled warmth low in his belly.
Steve surged up and kissed him, then, half laughing against Tony’s mouth.  “God, you’re impossible,” Steve said as he pulled back, wiping a smile from his lips.  His face fell, brow pulling together. “Tony, you…you messed up. You’ve never hidden that. Not from me, not from anyone.  Yeah, okay, the details…I’m not going to lie, Tony, it’s hard to hear. A part of me wants to just shake you, yeah, but…I know how easy it is to see everything that you missed when you’re looking over your shoulder.  It’s all right there, as clear as day,” he stopped, looking down and away, chewing on his lip. Finally, he looked back at Tony again. “The choices we made over there, sometimes I find myself looking back at them and second-guessing every single step that got me to that point.  And with Gulmira…it would be so easy to blame you. You’d let me. You’d take it, whether it was fair or not, and—God, it’s tempting to let you. Because then it wouldn’t be on me, you know? If you took the blame, then I wouldn’t have to, and that…that would be so easy, Tony. So easy.  But then, I’d have to give up on this. On
“JARVIS, dim the lights,” Tony instructed, shifting closer to Steve.  If his Omega wanted him to sleep, he would sleep.  Steve grabbed one of his hands and placed it over his own heart, letting Tony feel the steady beat and rhythmic in and out of Steve’s breathing.  It was surprisingly comforting, pressed against Steve like this, being able to breathe in his scent, feel the evidence beneath his hand that Steve was alive and calm and safe.   Or maybe not so surprising.
“I can’t quite remember,” the man said smoothly. “We were both pretty tipsy. It had the word chapel in the name, if that narrows it down any.”
“Captain,” Coulson called out from the hallway behind him, making Steve turn.
“Fine?  Fine?  It was amazing!” Tony practically shouted.  He wanted to do something crazy.  Spin around, slide down the stair rail, something, just to get some of the energy out of him, mark the moment somehow.  “You don’t even know what happened.”
“Have you thought about art school?” Tony asked as he picked at his breakfast and poured himself another cup of coffee.  It was all very nonchalant, but there was a tight sort of hesitancy to his movements, like he was holding himself in check.  “There are several reputable ones nearby.  They would,” Tony started, then cleared his throat and took a sip of his coffee.  “They would probably have scholarships available.  If you wanted to look into that.”
A pause, heavy and filled with questions.
Also, shout-out to you if you caught were Fury showed up.
“We're okay, Tony,” Steve replied after Tony felt him shift a bit under his hands, his tone going soft and gentle. Sad, Tony thought, then immediately wanted to reject the idea that was worming its way through his stomach.
“I don’t know what I’m doing,” Tony admitted, pressing his face into Steve’s shoulder so the words came out muffled.  “I know it’s crazy.  I
He’d been near Brooklyn, heading to meet up with Steve for lunch, when Frick and Frack there pulled their little scheme to get him to stop long enough to have a gun shoved in his face, so maybe somewhere relatively nearby.  At least that meant that if he could escape, raise attention or get to a phone somehow, help wasn’t too far away.  If he was lucky, he might be able to get out of this before Steve even realized anything other than traffic had gone wrong, but as the time ticked by, he could almost see Steve looking down more and more at his watch, wondering where Tony was, telling himself not to worry, that it was nothing, but starting to panic nonetheless.  Ever since Afghanistan, Steve got a tad touchy about Tony not showing up when he was supposed to, though Tony supposed that was understandable, all things considered.
He was being maudlin, he knew, though felt somewhat entitled at this point. He’d been the perfect gentleman all day. Hell, he’d even given a toast at the rehearsal dinner.
Steve blinked as his eyes adjusted to the low evening light and looked around for the limo.  In front of him, he heard the chirp of the alarm as Happy unlocked a sleek, black Rolls Royce Phantom.  Happy held the car door open for them, and Tony ducked inside and slid over.  Steve folded himself into the back of the car, resisting the urge to run a hand over the cream and blue interior.
“Friends!  I see I have missed some kind of ritualistic rending of the fruit in celebration of our Bonded teammates happiness,” Thor announced as he stepped into the room.  “Is this meant to be a representation of your exaltation to ‘Be fruitful and multiply’?”
“It wasn’t your fault, Tony,” Steve told him for the hundredth time, the words ringing just as hollow in Tony’s ears as they had the first time.
.  He slammed the palm of his hand into the steering wheel.  Something fluttered against his chest.  He reached up and patted at the spot, rubbing his fingers over the ridges of the dog tags.  Good enough.
“I didn’t know you had a signal,” Steve said.  “I didn’t mean to make you think I didn’t want you.  Of course, I want you, Tony,” he said with a matter-of-factness that made Anto almost miss what he had said.  As soon as he caught it, he nearly tripped over a root, and Steve had to catch him as he almost stumbled.
damn it.  It had.  He may be a needy bitch Omega, but he’d built something with scraps that had worked, and fuck Howard and his pathetic, jealous bullshit.  He wondered, in that moment, staring back at his father’s dark eyes in the hallway while raucous laughter spilled out of the billiards room, just how much of this was because Howard didn’t want him around, didn’t want his Omega son showing him up, and maybe, yeah, maybe this was a bit about punishment for being capable of doing that in the first place, he acknowledged with a piercing pain that sliced through his chest.  Wasn’t every day you learned just how much your father hated you.
Steve glanced down at Tony’s list for the hundredth time.  It was a simple list.  A part of Steve wished Tony had asked for more.  He had been a bit disappointed when he saw the few items Tony scrawled on the grocery list that morning.  Now, though, faced with a wall of soap that managed to be almost as intimidating as the German line, he was glad there were only three things to figure out.
“Tony?”
Next chapter - Events unfold that change Tony and Steve forever....
As he hurries after Redwing, Bucky glances down at Steve. The Jedi moans with low despondent noises. Steve paws at him in what Bucky can only equate to someone begging, beseeching for mercy. He says, “You’re free, Steve, I’m not him. He’s not here with you.”
Tony drapes the cloth on Steve’s forehead and disappears. It’s bright in the room and there must be a window open. He can hear the play of the ocean waves against the shore. Tony emerges from a door to the side of the room and brings a glass of water with him. He helps Steve sit up and his wings tremble.
As they enter it, Steve notes it’s been cleared and probably swept for bugs and any other sort of tech that might be spyware. Skye is standing in the corner and salutes to Coulson as she leaves. She elbows Steve and winks before she disappears through the door. Coulson closes the door and locks it.
Steve wipes away the blood from a re-opened scratch on his chest. “You have to be joking?” He walks to the small chest of drawers and retrieves a pair of boxer briefs.  As he puts them on, he says, “Frank, you can leave. I’ll see you in a few weeks?”
Tony’s eyes flicker, searching his expression, and then he does free his hands, he reaches up and cups Steve’s jaw. “I don’t want you to, I can’t do that to you. If you say this Pierce person, angel, whatever is evil, I can’t do that to you. Don’t put that on me, please.”
“And no one ever will. I will resurrect and live again because of your pitiful souls. I will have the power of all souls trapped here at my disposal. I will control the power of life and death.”
“You’re happy,” Tony whispers.
“Your genome has changes in it,” Shuri said. “While I can’t be sure what it means since your genome already had changes due to the serum, I am certain that I see sequences similar to the Divini sequences.”
“Third position.”
Christine snickers and says, “Finally, Tony Stark comes clean.”
“Oh, okay,” Steve says and, for one strange minute, he’s disappointed. Maybe he just wants to forget and let someone treat him shitty for a few days. He closes his eyes. Self-destructive behavior isn’t going to help him at all. “Okay, sorry.”
A rapping on the door stops them. Steve cringes and says, “Who is it?”
“Tony’s not going to do that,” Steve said. His confidence in his vampire mate never faltered.
Tony shakes his head. “It can all wait. Right now, I’m going to take the day off.”
He huffs, removes his glasses and hooks them on his collar before he stuffs his hands in his pockets. Bending forward the facial brace molds around his forehead and chin. The light comes on and the laser matrix scans his retinas and facial bone structure. It quickly verifies his identity.
“The boss?” Steve assumes this is another person other than the prince. He’s wrong.
“Well, in the presentation suite and your room you must follow the rules. But we’ll have wine in my room.” Tony tugs off his suit jacket and Steven steps up to take it and hang it up. “You don’t have to do that. I have a valet.”
He finds his way down to the street, roaming a little aimlessly, yet feeling the fool because he wants desperately to check in on Tony. Several of the town’s residents check in and he talks amicably with them. They all inquire after Bucky and he’s comforted that the people of Avenge seem like a good lot – for the most part.
“My son always said you were smart,” Frigga says. “Yes. All the forces and factions here put him down and banished him to non-existence. We almost came to a kind of peace then, but it didn’t last. It never lasts.” Her shoulders droop. “It has been so many years of war.”
CHAPTER 6
“Then do it. You said it yourself, he’s Ultron – not Bruce! Shit!” Hulk jolts the rope enough that Steve bangs against the side of the mountain again, only this time it’s face first. He blinks away the pain and feels the wet of blood drip down into his eyes. “Shoot him!”
Both Nat and Clint followed orders without question as Steve went to work on the three remaining Legion at the creek.  Two shot into the air and fired on him immediately. He arced the shield to deflect the fire and it ricocheted to hit one of the other Legion robots. As The last Legion robot on the ground shot at him but Steve raced at it, kicked it in the chest to disable it and then, as he tumbled to the ground, threw his shield to take out the last Legion robot.
Blu blows out a puff of air. He glances away from Tony and then climbs to his feet and ambles off.
“I want a drink and for you to stop speaking so formally to me,” Tony says and unclamps his hand from Steve’s arm. He hadn’t realized he was nearly locked onto it. He heads to the bar he knows is close to the windows of the bedroom.  With deft hands, he finds the bottle of Scotch and a tumbler.
“Yeah.  Right.  Sure.  Thanks,” Tony said, dropping his head to stare at the letter in his hands again.  “He’ll be fine, right?  He’s Steve.  He’s always fine.”
Steve shrugged. “Have things,” he said, frowning a bit as the Omega seemed to shrink back into himself. The way the nightflower does when the sun comes up, Steve thought.
“We’re just about to head home,” Steve announced.   “Tony was just telling me that I couldn’t beat some kind of alien predator with a shield,” Steve said with an exaggeratedly disappointed shake of his head.
“So,” Tony began, then let the word hang there for a long moment.  “How’s the shitty Belfast ghetto?  Lovely this time of year, or so I hear.”
“Think I’ve slept enough,” Steve said, too quickly, then caught himself and stood up with a nod.  “Thanks,” he said to Natasha and Wilson, then turned to Tony.  “You don’t mind?  I don’t want to take you away from something you’re working on.”
“You...you did something to me, you...you make me have dreams somehow--
“Because the reason Coulson wanted to text you was because Tony ordered a bunch of fishing gear and a pound of crickets.  He probably didn’t pay attention to what he was clicking on.  It may not sound like a lot, but a pound of crickets is...a lot of crickets.  I’m told. By Clint, who, by the way, is very excited that some portion of his wealth of bizarre knowledge can now be put to use,” she smiled.
“No, not Stern.  Rogers.   You know, your not-husband,” Rhodey said, jerking his head towards the closed bedroom door for emphasis.
“We’re good.  I think.  He offered to just pay me, if that’s what I wanted,” Steve said after a moment’s pause. “Do you think it’s about the money?”
“You locked Pepper out? She’s worried, Tones,” Rhodey groused. “What happens when Pepper worries about you?”
“Will you ever leave the part about Bucky out of that story?  He feels terrible, you know,” Steve tried, as Tony stood up.
Tony was leaning over the bowl of ashes, his head hanging down, completely still.  You should go inside now, Steve thought distantly, as the blue light enveloped him.  It was like slipping underwater, the world suddenly hazy and different, the break of surface just out of reach.
“Don’t make me have to get snooty,” Tony grinned.
Even if it isn’t me.  Please let it be me.
“How’s that going for you?” Barnes asked, eyes narrowing into a shrewd look.
“How?” Steve asked, genuinely curious.
But.  But, if they did.
“No, Tony. No. They’re not. Remember?,” Steve huffed, pulling Tony closer so he could tug the amulet out from under Tony’s tunic. “Tony is my people. Tony is my home,” Steve told him. “Right here, Tony. This is where I belong. Do you understand?”
“It’s, like, prison aesthetic or something,” Tony told him, waving a hand in front of his face.
“Well.  Okay, so.  We’re good, then, yeah?” Brock asked.
“I’m going to hit the gym,” Bucky announced, pushing himself off the sofa.  “When do you two leave for dinner?”
It was done.  Whatever it was, it was done.  In the span of the few hours since he’d woken up this morning, his entire life had done a one-eighty.
“That’s a yes,” Steve confirmed. “I can’t believe I’m dating a hooker,” he said sadly, shaking his head. Tony smirked and nudged him again.
Steve stepped out of the cabin’s front door and gave a quick glance to Tony before going to meet the delivery driver, who was struggling to get four boxes of pizza out of the insulated carry-box.
“This jerk down there with Colonel Phillips and the whole squad, all dressed for some crack of dawn run that Phillips liked to pull sometimes, and Steve here, what does he do?” Bucky asked, giving Steve a long, disgruntled look from under his brow.  “Looks up at me, and calm as you please, in this completely monotone voice, shouts, ‘No, Bucky.  Don’t do it. You have too much to live for.’”
“Talk is dangerous, Raj’Inama.  Even for you.  The walls listen.  There are no secrets.  Only lies,” Kadina said quietly enough to almost be an apology.  “You should be careful.  The King has come to care for you.  More than he should, perhaps.  How disappointed would he be to know you asked your boy about the punishment for running away?” she asked, canting her head to the side and holding Steve’s gaze as her mouth slid into a wide smile.  “I would say, he would not care to hear this, I think.  He would not care for it at all.  Remember, King’s Prize, there are those who would do anything to protect their position here.  Destroy anyone who got in their way.  Even one who has the King’s favor.”
“Do not worry.  I will have all in readiness for tomorrow,” Cam assured him with a formal, practiced certainty, then broke into an excited grin.  “Did you see our carriage? It is down in the courtyard waiting for us.  You will see. The King said it must be fit for the Raj’Inama, and it is!  Never has there been a more splendid carriage in all the world, I am sure of it.  All of the people will come out to see us off.  Already, those who can have their servants and slaves saving their spots to watch.  There are all kinds of painted banners hanging from all the homes and shops wishing us a safe journey and the like.  The King says half of them are for you.  Do you think this is true?  I think maybe I will be able to read them now, so I will count and see.  Oh, and the King gave me coins to toss again.  Did I tell you? Special ones minted to mark the occasion, he said.  Do you truly not want me to draw your bath before I go?”
“So what if I do?  No one’s going to listen to me, anyway,” Tony pointed out with as much nonchalance as he could manage.  It was true.  They made weapons, for Christ’s sake. They weren’t going to listen to an Omega.  Even if his ideas were better, even if he was somehow able to get the R&D people to try one of his designs, they could never sell it.  No military organization would buy a weapon designed by an Omega.  Wasn’t going to happen.
“Because this is how they should go,” the King said, still in the same slow, careful tone.  “And you just…knew that.”
“Ahhhh. Well played,” Jim nodded approvingly. “Your Alpha has moved like three feet closer to us, by the way, and I don’t know when or how, because I swear I was watching the whole time,” Jim told him with a sigh.
“I know I’ve been busy lately,” Steve said in a careful, tight tone.  “With SHIELD.  Things have settled down now, though.  Hope you don’t mind me rattling around the cabin with you for a while.”
Steve held out a hand. Tony stared at it, then lifted his gaze to Steve’s.
Not that the evening couldn’t have gone worse than him making an idiot out of himself.  Far worse.  He knew that.  All things considered, it had gone pretty well.  Apparently, the gods would accept a burnt offering in the form of an omelet. Who knew?
There was an empty space next to him that hadn’t been empty a few weeks ago, and now it was, and it was
“I’m serious about buying a piece or two,” Stark was saying, shooting Steve a speculative look.  “That wasn’t just blowing smoke because you look like someone chiseled you out of marble.”
“Bet Rand wasn’t too happy about that,” Bruce huffed, bending to poke at something between the grass at the base of a large orak, then righting himself.  “That’s the reason for putting his son on the Council, I assume.”
Dinner was a lavish affair.   Steve found Pepper laughing and not too subtly teasing Tony about his recent acquisitions.  Tony waved her off with a quick, “Art. Steve likes art.  You, talk art.”
Steve’s first instinct was to apologize, but he forced himself to bite back the words.  In any other circumstance, he would owe his boyfriend a huge apology for running out like that and then ghosting him, but this wasn’t any other circumstance, and Brock knew far too well how to use Steve’s guilt to excuse his own behavior.
.  He wanted to bang his fists against his head, until the word would stay in there where it belonged.
about it,” Tony amended, then smiled for real.  “Seriously. I’m okay. This is good. With, you know, everything going on. This is a good call, definitely a good call, the whole faux Kumbaya, walking into the lion’s den thing we’re doing here,” he hummed.  “But, thank you. For asking and all.”
“Good, good.  Well, General Rhodes.  Marshall Strucker.  If your men are ready,” Tony called out.  “Best not keep them waiting any longer. The citizens grow restless without a bit of sport and show.  Luckily, I am both,” he quipped and grinned down at Steve with a wink.
Overstuffed chairs embroidered with rabbits and wolves sat in front of a darkened fireplace with a low table between them, which was normal enough, he supposed, except a nearly complete suit of armor was sitting in one of the chairs, looking so lifelike that it gave Steve a jolt as soon as his eyes adjusted to the dimness.   Unable to resist, Steve walked over and ran the edge of his finger over the finely wrought gauntlet.  Even the fingers were individually jointed, he noticed with a slight start of surprise. He had never seen anything like that before, but he could imagine it would make holding a sword a lot easier. It was truly beautifully done and must have been the work of a master armorer, that much was clear, with tightly-woven chainmail underneath in a distinct pattern that looked almost like the scales of a fish. All that was missing was the helm.
Tony looked up at him for a long moment, then ground his jaw together.  “I didn’t like it.”
Steve let out a huff of air, not quite a laugh, though something akin to giddiness was welling up inside of him, making him almost lightheaded. This was what it felt like, he thought dazedly.  To be loved, wholly and completely, for who he was.  Maybe the purest form of love was nothing more than simple acceptance, unconditional and with nothing withheld.  Perhaps it was the most difficult, as well.
“I mean, we’re competitors, sure, but friends,” Hammer continued as if Tony hadn’t spoken.  “Where’re you staying? I’ll send you a gift.”
“I want to see you,” Tony begged, breaking the kiss long enough to draw in a shuddering breath and utter his plea.  He had his hands twisted in the front of Steve’s shirt, mouth nipping at Steve’s lips even as he asked.  Steve had to practically pry Tony’s hands loose long enough to get the shirt over his head.  He scrambled off the bed long enough to toe off his shoes and get the rest of his clothes off, standing naked in the waning afternoon light, letting Tony look at him.  He was, of course, absolutely, perfectly beautiful.  Sculpted muscles, a stomach you could scrub laundry on, and a long, thick cock that jutted out from the thatch of dark blonde hair at the juncture of his thighs.
Steve was more than happy to oblige.  He leaned over and reached out his hand to cup Tony’s hip, angling him closer until their noses bumped, and he chuckled against the warmth of Tony’s mouth.
Tony sucked in a deep, shuddering breath, trying to steady himself when his stomach swooped at the thought.  So.  He was going back.  To Steve’s. This time, with Rhodey in tow, so there was that, but the reality of having to see Steve again, when he hadn’t prepared himself for it, when he’d told himself that it was just that one time, one time, and they were done, was settling in his gut like a stone.  He just wasn’t sure what name to call it, or maybe he knew, but was afraid to name it.
“Mr. Stark,” Steve said before he could quite catch the words on the tip of his tongue.  He winced at the mistake, then started to stand, though Stark waved him back to his seat, leaving Steve’s half-aborted attempt at gentlemanly behavior at a sort of bend across the table.
“Thank you,” Steve replied, eyes going soft at the edges in the way Tony liked.   “Have you always liked to build things?”
It was one thing to go walking about in your sleep. People did that. Children, mostly, sure, and his mother said he was awful about it for a while there after his father died, but it happened. Even with adults, though that was a whole different matter, wasn’t it? But, at least he had at least
“That is…exactly why I missed your report,” Tony agreed, puffing out his bottom lip and nodding. “I’m very excited for your report.  I’ve thought of little else, in fact, since you told me of it.”
“Sir, yes, Sir,” Tony said, snapping a cheeky salute, or trying to. His aim was off.  Eh, doctor was probably a good call.  “Can I call you Cap?” Tony asked as Steve wrapped an arm under his shoulder and bent down.  “What are you--oof,” Tony breathed out as Steve lifted him into a bridal carry. “This is not necessary.”
Not screws, then.
“I kind of adopted his best friend.  I mean, not officially, so no diaper cake or anything, but he’s sitting on the couch, drinking a beer and eating about two hundred dollars’ worth of room service.  Can I claim him as a dependent?  Seems fair,” Tony replied.
“Oh, yeah. Fine. Just. Just leaving a message for a friend,” Steve said quickly, groping for words to cover the embarrassment that clung to him as he pocketed the phone. He wasn’t sure why he even felt that way, but he didn’t like the exposed feeling that the idea of Stark listening in on his conversation with, well, Bucky’s voicemail, left him with, which he knew was the height of irony, all things considered. But that…that whole thing, the dancing, taking his clothes off, letting them look, that was a performance. It wasn’t him, no matter how brittle that wall had started to feel lately.
He could get a pen from the gift shop.
“We could be not-sleeping on it right now,” Tony pointed out, still vaguely disgruntled and annoyed by just how much it was rankling him that Hot Blonde there was apparently not interested in even a sure-thing. Though, God, sex on this thing would be wildly uncomfortable, he thought as he bounced a bit and felt the metal frame through the cushion. He looked up at Steve. Well, he could probably make do.
“Hey.  Brought you some dinner.  From that little café you like so much?  I know you like it because you hover above it every lunch hour,” Steve said, raising his eyebrows and grinning slightly.  “I think the waitress there firmly believes I’m stalking you, by the way, though there is this nice older gentleman who keeps telling me he thinks I stand a chance.”
“Let me guess.  You ‘weren’t hurt,’” Tony said quietly.  He was watching Steve closely, too closely, and it was almost too much for a flicker of a moment, but there wasn’t really anything to tell more than that, so didn’t add anything, just looked back down at the stars reflecting on the tops of his shoes and nudged at the toe with the tip of his golf club.    A shriek of laughter followed by loud whoops from the bachelorette group punctuated the heavy silence that hung between them.
Steve jerked the door open and stepped out, slamming it behind him so hard it rattled in the frame, which was satisfying in some small way.  He heard a sharp, crackling thud behind him and startled, half-turning before he realized it was just the sound of something hitting the back of the door and breaking to pieces.  He didn’t wait any longer.
would know of it.  People would talk about it, likely constantly, given the state of gossip in the village.  A place like this...people would talk.   Probably the town elders would forbid coming here, and young men would nevertheless dare each other to reach it.  Bucky would weave it into the stories they used to tell each other about changelings and fetches who wore your face, the Bodach and the Shadowman and all the other tales the children used to pass around to each other.
He swung his legs over the side of the table, then looked down towards the end and noticed his spacesuit, underwear and socks were stacked in a neat pile.  Next to it, three pouches of that same weird juice he remembered from earlier and a round, breadish looking...thing...on a plate next to the pouches. The Iron Man suit was still in pieces over on the shelf on the far wall, though the helmet had joined it now, he saw.
A gift.
.  Not quite Hepburn and Grant, admittedly, Steve had never been able to manage that kind of thing with any Omega, even the few Bucky rounded up for him on occasion, but it felt...it felt...like a glimpse of how things
“Tried to kiss him,” Tony broke in.  “Emphasis on tried.”
“With what was, as it turns out, a variation on vibranium, and since I knew what the new element could do, we got to thinking,” Tony explained. “Vibranium.  Which comes from just one place.”
“It’s fine, Clint, but thanks for the offer,” Steve replied, because he was always thinking of others like that.   “We’ll be leaving for the island tomorrow, so hopefully things will get back to normal around here pretty quickly.  Alright, Tony, vaporizing this mess actually isn’t a bad idea, however much it might have been completely and totally made up on the spot.”
“You must say yes,” Tony husked out, his voice a rasp.  He breathed deeply, nose nudging at Steve’s neck.  Steve’s cock jerked in his pants.  He could feel himself leaking. He should be embarrassed, but he couldn’t think, couldn’t care, couldn’t do anything except
“I...guess that’s fair,” Steve said, looking over at Tony with a frown.  “Guess you didn’t hear much of anything concerning.”
“Pretty good.  I think.  Maybe?  I mean, it could’ve gone a lot worse, so…” Tony trailed off, looking through the tinted glass at the sun dappling the glass and metal skyscrapers.  “We talked.  Good talk.  I think we might be barbequing on the roof?  I need brats.  For Saturday.  Where can we get brats? The good kind from one of those Kosher delis where everyone yells at you.  God, I’m going to have to invite Barnes because he has the George Foreman.  I fucking hate boxing.”
“Not a missile,” Tony says and then smiles. It looks very nearly angelic as well. “Not a missile at all.”
“Steve happened. I wasn’t quite ready for it. I will be next time.” Bruce’s shoulders slumped as he eased back in the chair. “I need tea.”
“Five, but they deliver seven different meds. I’m okay. Don’t worry about it. The brothel pays for all my meds. Natasha is a treasure, really. She takes care of her people. I still can’t believe I got a position in her Brothel without the Guild formal training.”
“Where’d it come from?” Tony asks.
Reaching up, he shoves the curtain aside and turns off the water that’s turning cold now anyhow. He manages to get the curtain aside so that he can touch Steve. He leans against the fake tile, his face hidden with his arm, his face tucked into his elbow. He still has his clothes on. Or at least his shirt. His pants and underwear are gone. Tony finds them in a pile under the sink.
He has no idea if he put the device together correctly or if it is even for Tony’s chest.
As he looks up he sees it in the mirror, the gutted remains of his shoulder where his gland should be. It’s ugly and jagged. The blood steams freely and isn’t stopping. He must have nicked an artery or something. It will stop – soon enough he thinks, but then he’s down on his knees and there’s a puddle of red spreading out under him. It will stop soon. The serum will work and he’ll be okay. But his mind drifts and it’s getting more and more difficult to focus.
“You seemed to go into some kind of coma. You’ve been under for over a week.”
Tony stretches out. “Then why don’t you punish me.” He snickers and Steve shrugs, giving up. He leaps onto Tony, the bed straining against the weight. It’s a big, sturdy bed; Tony doesn’t worry about it, they made it with their own hands.
Steve wondered if Thor was around and just watching them, or if he’d summoned the storm and left them to their own devices. “Any more help available from Thor?” Steve said as he glanced up at the cloud cover and the rain.
“Sorry, sorry,” Tony says and places a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “I didn’t mean to bring up bad memories. Just the swim in the ocean helped them so much. It’s like a miracle or magic – neither of which I believe in. But, like, I’d say you healed by twenty or thirty percent. That’s amazing.”
The Red Knight looks toward the hearth and then back to him. “Yes, only demons insist on a real name.” He settles on the edge of the bed without asking permission. “You know what that gives us? Autonomy. It’s our way out. Our way to find a new life.”
He lied.
They’d come full circle, but that’s what he did with Stark. They’d discuss, fight, debate, disagree, and then finally come back to the discussion points again. It was hard to imagine that they’d only know each other for less than a fortnight.  If he wanted to get on with his packing (what little there was) Steve had one avenue and one avenue only. “Okay then. Let’s do this.”
“Lay still,” Tony says and places a hand on Steve’s shoulder. It isn’t hard but it is demanding. Steve knows even though they are not bonded, he should feel a certain submissiveness to an alpha, especially to a prime alpha. Instead, he feels nothing but his own fears. There’s only a blank emptiness where the urge and need reside. It rips a whole in his gut and he tries not to react, but the hollowness is so vacuous and wide. He gasps.
“I’ll shoe your horse and take a look at all your equipment for a fee, Sheriff Rogers.”
When he looks up at Steve, he sees a man blissed out but also hanging on by a thread. “Hey. Hey, what’s going on?”
art room. He steps over to the windows and looks out over the Manhattan skyline. Never in his wildest dreams did he ever imagine being able to have a studio like this one. Sure, it’s small, compact, but it has the most wonderful natural lighting he could ever ask for outside of being
“Yeah, I’m sure.” He nodded. She accepted it, but she still hovered.
“Why don’t I leave you for a few minutes so you can get ready? Prince Anthony will want to meet you as soon as possible.”
“Ah! You almost sound modern,” Tony said and there was a twinkle in his eyes that somehow made Steve blush far too much. Tony snickered in response and that just made Steve want to punch him. Thankfully, the object of his ire proceeded without any knowledge of Steve’s annoyance. “So, how did it happen with Bruce?”
Since then Steve only gave passing thoughts to the possibilities of Tony’s powers developing. It meant nothing to him in the long run. When he was with Tony, his life and world centered on Tony, and Steve saw the same in Tony’s eyes. Those eyes that were the color of the Caribbean Sea or the wine dark ocean or the dark of the Earth. He could never tell, and Thor had once told him that Tony’s eye color would settle one day – when his powers emerged. That didn’t seem right since Natasha’s eyes still frequently changed.  When he quizzed Thor about it, the old vampire with the sky blue eyes only smiled and said powers develop and need time to mature. What would that mean to a woman who became shadow and mist?
Christ.
“He tried not to be,” Steve says.
Tony laughs. “If I went into urgency that would be the greatest feat. Can you imagine? The whole of the council waiting for days as I fucked my brains out with this champion.” He takes a hold of Steven’s shoulder and shakes it.
Yet, a hand rested on his arm as they stepped up to the elevator. “It’s not going away overnight.”
Steve rubs his hand along Tony’s thigh, calming him and then pushes in. At first it hurts, there’s resistance and pressure. “Breath, Tony. Push a little it will help.”
Placing the tumbler on the desk, Steve stands up. He wishes at that moment he was taller, broader, a more powerful presence in the room. “I don’t have a choice in this, Nat. This isn’t about me; it isn’t about Tony. It’s about something bigger.”
Steve gives a little bob of his head and lets his feet move, drifting through the store. He knows that Wanda’s been in Luke’s back room multiple times. She often dresses like a dominatrix for some of her clients. She knows what’s pleasurable for her and for the people she services. As he wanders, Tony seizes his hand and they waltz around the room like two dancers without music – no form, no pattern to their motions.
“You’re ridiculous,” Steve says, but wraps Tony in his arms anyway, morning breath and all.
The doctor insists on examining both Tony and Steve. A full bloodwork panel is performed on them as they sit in a SHIELD hospital in Manhattan. Tony wants to get back home to Malibu. He doesn’t want anything to do with the medical field day the doctors and nurses are prescribing. They take his blood and do a physical – other than that Tony won’t allow them further study.
“Well, it’s nice to meet you Happy. I’m Steve and you can just call me Steve.”
Steve squeezes his eyes closed and mutters, “You’re one hell of a doctor, Nat.”
Steve crosses the short distance between them and gathers Tony in his arms. “I’m so sorry. I wish there was something I could have done. If I’d gone back and looked for Bucky – If I had known, he survived the fall. I should have known. It’s my fault.”
“No, it would happen for anyone injured in the pack. It’s just especially hard because he’s the fulcrum. Which I realize is the center, but you'll learn that each of us play a role and are equal. Just because he has the leader wrist mark doesn't make him the dominant person,” Natasha said and she sighed. Her purpose had moved on. “I need to go and talk to Wong. He’s coming in and I need to see if he can help us with Steve. Can you?” She thumbed it over her shoulder.
Without anything to do, Steve limps back to the cot. Careful of his newest wounds, he lies down and closes his eyes with no intention whatsoever of sleeping. Instead, he quiets his brain, sinks deeper into the Boundaries, calling out.
“It’ll get better,” Tony says but his image shimmers in Steve’s vision.
Pepper looks stricken, Rhodes frozen.
“Because it is who you are now.”
“Maybe this should wait until you’re more coherent, because right now, you’re not making much sense.”
“I asked you here on an interview to learn more than what’s on the resume, Mister Rogers.”
“Hulk, smash the rest.”
“Yes, Mer Rogers?”
Yinsen looks directly at the lion. “Yes. You must save yourself from them and the lion.”
“A little. I mean the lobby is like a medieval torture chamber.”
It changed Steve’s life and his dedication to Tony seeded and grew in that moment. Over the course of those first few tentative days, Steve woke for the first time in this new century, some of his faith had been restored – because of a vampire. Since they thawed him, Steve walked the Earth more like the dead than the undead themselves. He went down not expecting to wake up again. When he woke up they’d told him the war had been won; they didn’t tell him what’d the world had lost. His connection to Tony transformed his mindset, rooting him firmly in the 21st century. He said goodbye to his melancholy concerning what he’d lost and set about discovering what he’d gained.
“Could do with some enrichment,” Clint says and shuffles out of the kitchen.
It takes some maneuvering to get to his room. Two flights of stairs winds Steve. By the time he drops down onto his California king bed with its overabundance of pillows, Steve’s eyes are drooping and his chest aches. He hears Tony talking to Vision.
“No, I don’t. But I need to,” Clint said. He reached over to a cowbell hung on the wall. “Foods up.” He rang the bell, and everyone gathered around the huge dining room table again.
“Shut up,” he says, and he drops the cigarette in the puddle to extinguish it. “You’re not going to bait me, not with my friend’s face. I’m not going to listen to you.” He stands up, determined to walk away, determined to not hear Bucky’s voice belittle him.
“Right, okay.” Steve brings Tony through the living room, navigating around the furniture, telling him what they are passing along the way. “How’d you know I was marveling?”
The vital signs drop over the HUD and Tony screws up his face, trying to make sense of what he’s reading. “How many appendages, JARVIS.”
Level two: Five lashes with the whip. No food for five days. The isolation tank for five days. The mask for five days.
Now, as Steve watches Pepper go through his wardrobe, he thinks about what the prince confessed and his chest constricts. Rubbing at his breastbone, Steve focuses on Pepper and asks, “Do you ever talk to the prince about the war?”
Rumlow gives him a shifting look and then questions, “You part of the crew? We need entrance. Station Secretary Pierce wants to sweep the place for any incendiaries.”
Bruce stops him with a hand on his shoulder. “No, you don’t get to go there.”
The man bows his head for a long moment, before placing one hand, palm down on the concrete floor. With a heave he forces himself up to his feet, and Tony can see the scabs of healed wounds on his legs, on his abdomen, on his chest. He stumbles over to the front of the cell, using the cot and then the wall as a brace. Dropping against the translucent divide, he stares at Tony and doesn’t smile.
“Logan.”
He pulled out the egg carton, butter, and then found the frying pan. With some cheese, onions, and milk he set about making omelets. He didn’t have any ham at all and wondered just how he had all the fresh groceries stocked in his refrigerator, but then he recalled JARVIS.
“Sorry, Steve. I saw the video. It’s all over the internet.”
. Now the light dawns around him in a spectacular array of colors and he yearns to crawl back into the cocoon of ignorance under its darkened cover. All that security is gone though, devoured by his own curiosity. He staggers and drops to his knees in the shower. Not spent, but tired. Tired of the confusion hitting his brain, exhausted from trying to reach out, and realizing what he’s done has only divided him from the object of his desire so profoundly that the only way to have him is to continue down the road he started – but he can’t. He can’t deny the truth he sees.
“Slow and easy. Shh. Just breathe, okay. Here you go. Just breathe.” Somehow Tony gets the top of the suit unzipped and strokes Steve’s back. “There you go. Just easy. Do you have a daily inhaler?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve pulls of chagrinned better than anyone he knows. “I didn’t save myself at all.”
“He got to you. I don’t know how but he did,” Natasha said and sipped the milkshake. “You have not been the same since.”
“I know we can never be more than alpha and omega, but I do hope you will see your way to being a friend one day,” Tony says and something aches as if he should already be this man’s friend, as if they should know one another not only physically but down to their very souls.
“So does Natasha,” Steve said. He didn’t take no for an answer, he wouldn’t be rejected. He kept at it, trying to grasp Tony through the astral dimension.
“What else is there to do in the face of adversity?”
“Stark!” Natasha said sharply. “Get dressed. We don’t have a lot of time.”
“Yeah, right?” Tony agreed. “We’re supposed to be in this together. Like the fellowship or something. We’re a team.” Even without the pack, they were still the Avengers. Sure, when he worked with Bruce in the lab, they avoided talking about the team, but it was still a team. Or was it just a pack now? In the background the pack bristled and Tony cringed at the feedback. “The Avengers, you know?”
“Steve did?”
“Bruce is already handling Clint.” Tony approached him and Steve glanced around as if looking for an easy exit. “Who else? The feedback loop has been terrible since I plucked you out of the sky. I just figured it was because you were under attack, but it’s not. Is it?”
Steve lingers as Thor heads toward the doors of the Parlor Inn. The heat remains even as Steve moves away from Tony. He wants to find out what an unconventional life means, he wants to listen to the stories of why Tony can observe and see with such knowing eyes, he wants to confess the desires, of flesh and bone and want of his own. As he tries to formulate a response, Tony licks his lips. A shiver crawls up Steve’s spine and he feels the warmth of it against his face.
“That’s it? That’s all I get.” He picks his head up and everything hurts. His brain pounds. He hears the screech of the storm and shivers.
Frigga agrees. “You must let him go.”
He turns around to look down the side passage to find Tony half jogging toward him. “What’s going on? Why aren’t you in the closet?”
“Yeah. Why was Natasha here?” He steps down the stairs.
A super soldier with super soldier serum and a bonding gland. They cut it out, time and time again. They left only the stem, the root of the plum sized gland near his collar bone so that the serum would heal him and it would grow back again and again. The pain was agony and it isn’t something he likes to dwell on. But the worst of it was – that the bond he had with Tony broke. The cut, the removal of his gland splintered his bond and he was left neutered in some ways. They tried to re-establish it, but failed. Probably because it was too soon, his gland wasn’t mature enough – that was Helen Cho’s theory. But they would never really find out.  Steve went on a mission, met Rumlow, and Wanda made a mistake.
“Shit,” Tony says and leaps to his feet. “Okay, okay, we can – how about the ocean – it’s right outside the patio door, might be easier than the shower in this bath. Too small.”
“We actually call it a Quin Jet. It was originally part of the SHIELD deployed Fleet, but it had some operational issues. But I fixed those, spiced up the design so it wouldn’t look so utilitarian, and now they’re mine, though Fury wants them back.”
Steve smiles as he takes the pan off the stove and pours the burnt milk down the drain. He sighs heavily, but Tony lets it pass. Processing a major shift, a paradigm shift, in thinking shouldn’t be coddled or downplayed. He needs time and Tony intends to give it to him. Tony finishes the sandwiches as Steve cleans the scorched milk off the bottom of the pan.
Bruce protests. “No, Tony. Don’t. It’s not an emergency. I just want to eat my breakfast and do my med-. Are you even listening to me?”
“Yeah, I kind of know that one,” Sam said and scratched at the back of his neck.
“Yep.” Tony pops the ‘p’.
He would say goodbye to the sun, to Sol and all of the warmth and light of heaven. Instead he would welcome the veracity of night and its potency. Stepping forward, Steve fell. He fell through the ages, he fell through the darkness, he fell through the light. He fell into the stars.
“You still know it?” Tony waves his hand at Steve. “Sure, if you still know it, I’ll give you anything you want tonight. Anything.”
Steven waits for him and as Tony cannot answer, because in the end he’s driven by the dictates of his own nature and what is expected of him. He can’t relax those rules. If he does the fabric of their society will fall apart. He truly believes it. While he longs to change things, he knows that society will rebel if the order is twisted too fast for it to adjust.
Tony catches him. “Maybe tomorrow we can work on the code, together. If you don’t mind, if the offer is still on the table.”
“It doesn’t matter what you will have or what you won’t have. He’s determined to do it. Regardless,” Frigga sits on the edge of the cot. Her eyes are soft in the warm light of the fire from the hearth. “He will do it. So, you have to decide, will you let his sacrifice be for nothing or will you find a way to save him?”
“You like what you see?”
“That’s a first,” Natasha says – he assumes that’s her name, but maybe Steve is only calling out to someone he knew in his fevered dreams.
He tears the helmet off only to strain his wrist. “Shit.” A growl startles him and he finds Blu standing behind him with an admonishing look on his face.  “Don’t like my language you don’t have to listen.” Then he spots the rest of the armor at the lion’s feet. “Shit, you really do get what I’m saying.”
“Cap, you think you could sit up?” Bruce said. His hand gripped Steve’s upper arm.
Swallowing hard, Steve looks up at Tony. His eyes are bloodshot and tired. “I tried everything else. You have to believe me. This was the only way. Natasha played the part. She tried but she couldn’t – they followed the money all the time. She barely could slip away to us. What they did to her, to Clint, to-.” He stops and places his hands over his face. “I put it in the water for nothing.”
Steve opens the door. “Tony.”
Steve shuffled his feet. “Sorry. I’m sorry to worry you. I’m a little off my game with the Mantra. I should try and get some time to regulate again.”
“I think you’re afraid.”
“I’m not your delivery boy, Strange,” Wong says. He’s dressed for the formal affair as well.
Tony smiles.
He swipes away the current iteration of the implant and sighs. Dropping onto a stool, Tony calls out, “Steve, you there?”
He cringes. He needs a distraction. He’s up and pacing back and forth in the room, tearing a little at his hair. His phone buzzes in his pocket and he yanks it out, set to throw it across the room. He stops mid-toss when he realizes it’s Barnes. He presses the connect.
Coulson offers him a half smile. “For what?”
“When I told him, when I told him about the kiss – I never said it was Howard. I told him how I -.” Steve looks up as if he wants to examine the freakishly stuffed goose above the hearth. He drops his gaze down again, almost immediately. A tear finds its way loose and stains his cheek. “I told him what I was. That there was something wrong with me. Sure, I liked Peggy. Sure, I dreamed of wanting to marry her someday. But I really wanted, what I really wanted I couldn’t have.”
“You forget, Steve. You have a whole new gland growing right now. What those scientists did is over and done. You – we have a new chance. A brand-new chance.” Tony kisses him again and then joins Steve in his silence.
“Mostly,” Steve said. His words were low and tender. “I know I have a ways to go, yet. To get there. But Sam and Nat are helping. Even Bruce. And you.”
He cups his face in his hands and tries to wish away the last few months. Yet, he knows it won’t work. Nothing he’s tried has changed things. Not even the letter. He can recite it by heart.
“Actually, no.” Steven doesn’t explain just adds, “You should rest now, my lord.”
He jerks and opens his eyes. “Pepper! I didn’t hear you come in.” She usually wears heels and that clickety clack gives her away every time. But today she is in tennis shoes and is actually wearing an outfit that matches. “Tennis?”
That begged the question why hadn’t anyone actually reached out to Tony since Stane’s death and then he recalled the underground society that still lurked, still lived amongst them. “Well, I’m here now. We’d like a tour of the place and we brought a van to transport the one specimen on site?” That’s all they’d heard. There as a specimen on site – whatever that was. The description was vague in the archival data.
Steve listens and stops on time to avert a calamity. “Right! Let’s go out the door to the laundry room.”
Steve had swallowed down the bile and hugged an unresponsive Tony closer. He’d convinced Tony earlier to remove the armor. He stared at Bucky across the short distance in the jet. He wanted to call out, to say something, to beg him to remember who he was, but nothing came to his lips. He felt as shell shocked as the man in his arms. Everything had gone to hell.
Pepper huffs at him but it isn’t annoyance. He can tell by the pitch. “Why you call it Dummy, I’ll never know. It’s the only one with an embedded AI system.” She hands him to the folded rod.
“Well, city kids can’t see much, even when you grew up.” Tony snuggled closer and then whispered as he wove tales to Steve. “When I was little, and we would go out to the mountains I would go to the rooftop terrace at night and look at the stars. I would imagine that one cluster was a constellation of Captain America. That you didn’t die in the ocean or in the ice, but that when your plane crashed you were sent to the stars. All of your points of energy went up into the skies.”
“I’m sorry, Mister Stark, but if you are going to upset the patient, I might need to ask you to leave.”
Shaking her head, Natasha only says, “You think I run a saloon and I haven’t see what you got, Cap?”
“Tony,” Steve says and it hurts like the cold wind prickling his face in the middle of winter. “Let’s not do this.”
A strength suffuses Tony then – because he
“Yes, needs abuse.” Steve says and closes his eyes. He never truly felt ashamed of his nature with Tony. He’s not ashamed now. But something heavy weighs on him as he lays there, vulnerable, spread out.
Tony quiets again. They fall asleep until Sarah wakes up for her 2 am feeding. Pulling on his shorts and t-shirt, Steve tells him to stay put and gets up to tend to their daughter, making a pitstop at the bathroom before he leaves the room with a quick kiss for him. Tony dresses and then he follows Steve into the nursery, watches him tenderly pick up their baby daughter with her blonde curls in disarray from sleeping. He changes her and talks gently to her and then goes to the sideboard in the room where they have bottles waiting. Tony set up a system so that the bottles are ready as soon as the baby cries. Steve plucks one out of the rack and settles in the rocker. He spots Tony and smiles.
Tony only shook his head. Steve left it at that, not pressing him, but he suspected that Tony drank from other prisoners. Natasha said once that new vampires are the most ravenous. He wondered if Tony could control his thirst as he could now, or if some of the other prisoners may have succumbed to Tony’s need.
“Director Coulson, Phil, can take care of it. You know, numbers give that guy a hard on. Just imagine what a shitload of diplomats at a Peace Conference would do to him-.”
“Yeah, I figured it out about the time I said I don’t want to see you die,” Tony says and turns around. “We can go over and over this. We can talk about it for ages, but the truth still remains, I love you and I don’t want to see you hurt. Not like this.”
“I haven’t really done anything like this in a while. I mean.” Tony swallows down his shame. “Not a lot of guys want to you know, fuck you, if you have to wear glasses all the time. It’s weird and it puts people off, so I just didn’t go that far with anyone since – well, since before the accident-.”
“You’re really not,” Rhodey said. “You’re better than this.”
The word came all at once.
“Damn it, Sheriff, you are going to be the death of me,” Tony pants as he comes down from the high of climax.
“Posh. You can’t do that. Plus, I have no secrets. I’m an open book. Look on the internet. You can see and read everything about me. And I mean everything.”
“I think we should get Wong over here for a meeting,” Steve added. It wasn’t just an idea but a declaration, a pronouncement.
“Good luck, Steve Rogers. Your first client is Captain Sam Wilson.”
He grabs Steve’s hand and hauls him out of his quarters, and they travel through the ship without guards or Tony’s normal entourage. He beams at Steve as they climb up to the shuttle bay of the Avengers ship. It’s near the nose of the ship which confuses the hell out of Steve – he thought that the bridge would be placed near the nose. When he voices this, Tony shakes his head.
Furrowing his brows, Tony points to the cylinder. “Do you think you could wire this? Thread it through? I’m a little shaky.”
Protests died on his lips. The energy to move, to speak, bled away until his eyes felt heavy and he followed the darkness down into slumber. As he drifted down into oblivion he would have liked to say goodbye one last time.
“It’s time to call him then?”
“What? Jesus, no. Steve!” Natasha laughs. “You’ll actually be attending the different formal functions with the prince as his Escort.”
“When you went missing, he kept looking for you. Did you know that? He abandon the entire war effort much to his business partner’s chagrin. It caused quite a stir.” Stark removes his hand and picks up the plate of bacon. He serves more of it to Steve. “Eat up.”
“I’m Captain Rogers. Thank you for coming today. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”  Sounded rehearsed.
So, yeah, she had failed rather spectacularly at that.
“I’m being insulted. Arrest him. Guards,” Tony said, looking around as if searching for said guards.
“Indeed,” Tony agreed.
That hypothesis turned out to be harder to prove than Tony would have expected. Though, he had to admit, even with the fishing minus the actual fish,  it hadn’t been all bad, sitting on the blanket, under the shade of the swaying trees, munching a turkey sandwich and tapping out some new designs on his tablet while Steve sat opposite him, sketching the view with a look of intense concentration on his face that Tony thought made him look like he was going to frown the sketch into submission if it didn’t cooperate soon.
I’m supposed to look up.
There was a bowl of ice on the tray, covered with a cloth, and Steve poured a few of the pieces into the mug of ale that accompanied his food.  It felt incredibly indulgent, the cold brew after the heat of the afternoon’s walk, and he smiled, thinking of Nat and how unimpressed she would pretend to be by such trivial things, all the while enjoying them. He remembered a particularly long winter in the middle of the war, when they were snowbound and unable to move their position until the path cleared. How they had all been sniping at each other until Bucky had thrown the first snowball, and before they knew it, it was like they were a bunch of children for that moment in time.  It had probably been wildly irresponsible at the time, but he couldn’t bring himself to regret it. Steve wasn’t sure if he had ever seen Nat laugh quite like that again. It wasn’t her nature to let herself go that much, but she had, that one time, and the look on Bucky’s face, seeing her that happy, that carefree, for that one moment of time…it had been beautiful. Steve could feel it now, how bittersweet it had been, watching the two of them, happy to see them so at peace, but longing for something he didn’t think he would ever have.
A week later, when he stopped by Clint and Bucky’s to grab the last of his few personal items, there was a Jacuzzi hooked up in the living room.
It was heady, really, just the thought of it.  Made his mind go hazy and his limbs liquid with heat. He was half-hard, already, and just the thought of Steve was enough to make his balls tighten and cock start to throb insistently.
“Tonight,” Steve said, wrapping his hand around one of Tony’s where it splayed over his chest and squeezing, making the word a promise.
“I hope you’re right,” Steve said, glancing off uncomfortably towards the distant peaks. Would Tony continue his plan if Steve was not there to see it? Or would he let his anger at Steve ruin such an opportunity to do something truly good? “It’s a good thing you’re doing, Tony. Whatever the reason behind it. I—I know your heart… your heart is good, Tony. You should trust it. Don’t forget that.”
“I didn’t know my dad.  He left when mom told him she was pregnant.  Gave her a hundred dollars and told her to get an abortion.  He died when I was eight.  Cancer,” Steve said.  He dropped his gaze from the window, down to his hands, where the lights trailed in long, blurry streams through the glass.  “Never even tried to see me.  Even when he was dying.”
For the first time since the limo, Steve wanted to bolt. This was such an impossibly bad idea. It all seemed so clear now, seeing Stark all dressed up for their ‘date,’ such as it was. He shouldn’t care, he supposed. At this point, it seemed vaguely pointless to give a shit, but he was going to walk out into the hotel’s lobby with this man and become a punchline, and that was never something he’d imagined he would become. Maybe he shouldn’t care, but there it was, pricking low in his stomach, making it sour and churn while he fidgeted under Stark’s gaze. Tell him you can’t do this, Steve thought. Tell him you want out. Walk away. The ways this is not your problem are many and varied. Just walk away.
Tony nodded. That was all he could manage.  Steve would heal.  Steve was okay.  He hadn’t realized until he heard Coulson say it that some part of him, a larger part than he had been able to acknowledge, had been slowly conditioning himself to expect bad news.  When did he ever get what he wanted?  What he asked for?
Tony stared at him for a few seconds, mouth hanging open in disbelief, then a spluttering laugh spilled out.  It spilled out and over everything, and suddenly, Tony wasn’t sure if he was laughing or sobbing, it was all wrapped up together. Joy, terror, amusement, regret, relief, shame, happiness, anger, all of it bubbled up to the surface like a spicket had been opened.  He was falling forward without realizing it, but it didn’t matter. Steve would catch him.  And he did, wrapping Tony up in his arms and pulling him down onto the tile floor of the bathroom, cradled on his lap, just rocking him there and murmuring soothing nothings in Tony’s ear while he trembled and shook.
A sharp knock sounded at the door, drawing both men’s attention. Pepper Potts stuck her head in and quickly stepped inside, her face ashen.
“Yes,” Steve said after a pause.  Had it been a test?  He supposed it had, though he hadn’t really thought it through that way.  He had wanted to know.  How much of him Tony truly saw. And that, at least, Tony had answered, though Steve still wasn’t entirely sure what it meant.
“One afternoon during a Deep Sp—while watching TV,” Kirk said.
“Alpha,” Steve replied, letting the word hang in the air between them. Steve lowered his forehead to the mattress and spread his knees further apart and presented. His hole was gaping and dripping slick down onto his balls. Tony could see the darker pink channel of Steve’s inner walls glistening beyond the reddened rim.
There was other evidence, too, of course.  A deep, aching tenderness pulsed inside of him when he moved. Not entirely unpleasant, but noticeable, he thought with a wince as he rubbed sand off his calves.  And he felt…empty. Not just…not just
“No,” Steve said.
“There,” Bucky said, jerking his head towards a low ridge that ran behind the O’Malley’s barn. Steve saw Tony bob his head a few times, stance going rigid for a moment as his hands balled into fists.  Bucky’s face had gone flat, mouth a thin line as he watched Tony walk past them, weaving his way through what was left of the village and up towards the barn.
“He has exactly zero ideas,” Rhodey repeated, turning to Tony.
“I have never loved art more,” Tony rasped out, then dipped his head and licked his tongue in a long, flat stripe from the head of Steve’s cock down the shaft to the root, spreading a stream of pre-cum and saliva as he did.  Steve’s whole body went taut.  A burst of air punched out of his stomach.  He made some kind of choked-off, guttural sound in the top of his throat.  “Couldn’t resist,” Tony said as he glanced up at Steve, winked, and took Steve’s cock in his hands.
“Steeeee—eeeeve,” Tony sing-songed.  “I missed you,” Tony added as Steve punched Tony’s code into the building door and shifted them through it.
“Hmm,” the man said.  “Perhaps some other time.  And this one?  How was he acquired?”  He took Steve’s cock in his hand.  Held it.  Stroked the underside, then lifted, looking for flaws.  Hefted Steve’s balls into his hands and rolled them, giving them a slight squeeze.  “He seems unusually fit for a plainsman.”
“That’s just the kind of—“ Howard started in, pointing a finger at Tony’s face.
“About to go online in a few weeks,” Tony told him, not without some pride. “Just a prototype, but it's a start.”
“What have you--oh,” a woman said as she made her way into the small clearing where Tony and the man stood. She had hair the color of blood and eyes like dew-covered grass. Tony had never seen anyone like her, though she seemed just as startled to see him. Of course, they had probably never seen anyone who called a wolf a friend before.
“Of course.  Of course,
“So.  Steve,” Kirk began, drawing out Steve’s name.  “Steve, who has an art class he’s going to fail.  Student, then.  Waiter.  You didn’t correct me on the Applebee’s thing, so you aren’t working at some snooty Back Bay place.  Live alone.  Obviously, no significant other.”
“Funny.  You’re funny.  I’m laughing on the inside,” Pepper retorted, chewing gleefully on her fries and definitely not offering him one.
“It’s fine,” Tony heard himself say, the words sounding raw and rote by now.
I like your tie?
Hammer twisted his head to stare at him for a long moment, then burst out laughing, slapping his hands on his thighs in some strange mimicry of delight.
Tony’s hand wrapped around Steve’s cock, stroking it long and hard.  Steve shouted and struggled against the bindings in earnest for a moment, hips thrusting uselessly as he tried to find that friction again.  Tony rammed into him again and flicked the clasp on the band around Steve’s cock and balls, releasing it as the head of his cock found that place deep inside again.  Steve screamed, he thought maybe Tony’s name, but it came out garbled by the chain between his teeth, and he jerked his head back, pulling the clasps on his nipples tight and stretching them from his chest.
“I mentioned I had ideas for the company,” Tony said, blinking, staring across the kitchen where the refrigerator had a grocery list stuck to it by a magnet shaped like a Star Trek communicator.  There was an equation written in black sharpie on the front of the fridge that Tony didn’t really have any memory of writing.  Next to it, a tiny doodle of a rocket with a long, thin trail of smoke flaring out behind it curved around the expression of the differential.  “Steve listened.  I may have—I was maybe showing off.  A bit,” Tony muttered, pursing his lips.  “Then, SHIELD and…the Army thing...kind of happened,” he finished with a deflated sort of confusion flattening the words.
“Your Highness,” Rhodes said from his place by Tony’s side.  “Perhaps we should just—”
“Hmm?” Steve hummed.
“Oh—thanks, Tony.  That’s really nice of you,” Steve said with a slight frown as he bent to pick up the tablet off the coffee table where it rested.
“Tony—” Steve started, then broke off as Tyber stepped into view from behind a large tree.  Other clan Alphas appeared, too. The ones from the clearing, Tony saw, except Durk, and more still from the camp, all holding spears or other weapons.  Steve looked over at Anto, then shoved him behind him, apparently having decided that telling him wasn’t sufficient. He turned his neck and looked down at him, his eyes wide with fear.  Not for himself or of the clan men, Anto knew. He didn’t want Anto hurt. Anto was beginning to understand that Steve had other signals, signals he didn’t always understand, but run and get behind me and take my amulet and eenkrdbell meant things that Anto wanted, more than anything.  Things he didn’t have words for, but he knew them. He felt the same way for Steve.
“The boy asked,” Ellers protested gruffly.
are mine, and you should know that I am a greedy, selfish man.”
“Tony, I—God, I’m sorry.  I’m—I’m so sorry,” Steve husked out, slowly pulling back and steadying Tony on his feet.  “I didn’t meant to—I shouldn’t have—I—"
“Tony. Come here,” Steve called out, holding a hand out into the space above him. A moment later, Tony’s fingers laced through his, and he felt Tony’s lips scrape across his knuckles. He brought Tony’s hand down to the curve of his stomach and pressed it against the hard flesh there, just below his navel. Tony’s hand splayed out, fingers flexing against his skin for a moment before he stilled. “We’re going to have a baby. A
“You’re a bit hard on him, you know,” Tony observed, keeping his voice mild.
“I got no problem with you calling someone out when they have it coming.  None of us avoid trouble.  It doesn’t have to find us.  All of us…we stand out there and shout at it until it comes down on us, because that’s what we do.  That’s who we are.  Just…maybe don’t do it on your own next time?  We’re a team, right?” Steve pointed out, pushing lightly against ‘Shifty’ and letting the bag bounce back against his hand.  “We should act like it.”
“Don’t start.  It’s good for you,” Ms. Potts said without looking up, fingers flying over her phone screen.
“He went looking for something he wanted to show Vernon,” Stane replied.  He was leaning one hip against the counter, leaning over the smaller man, with one hand on the man’s shoulder, as if holding him in place.
Later, he wouldn't be able to say for sure which one of them moved first, but he thought it was Steve. Steve, who reached for him so hard and fast it sent what little breath Tony had been able to catch rushing out just before Steve crushed his mouth hard against Tony's, lips slanting across Tony's mouth in a bruising kiss. One of Steve's hands wrapped around Tony's back and pulled him firm against the hard planes of Steve's chest with enough force to send what little air Tony had managed to gasp rushing out into the heat of Steve's mouth in a startled grunt, while Steve's other hand came up to cradle the back of Tony's head, holding him there while Steve followed Tony's gasp with his tongue, licking his way into the wet warmth of Tony's mouth.
Steve wasn’t so sure Lord Stane hadn’t gotten exactly what he wanted, though Steve couldn’t figure out how.
“Did Zola tell you that I can be very generous to those who please me?” the King asked, a small, sardonic smile flickering across his lips.
“Okay?” Tony repeated, as if startled by Steve’s response.
“It’s good we have these little talks,” Tony murmured into Steve’s hip, nipping lightly.  Steve was sitting up against the headboard, blinking owlishly down at Tony. “Steve?  Babe?”
“Got your kitchen and living area here.  Bedroom’s back that way,” Tony pointed.  Not that he’d ever been there, their trysts mainly taking place in Tony’s workshop or other convenient locations, but he knew the layout well enough.  “On the right, you’ve got your bathroom and closet,” which is no doubt full of plaid shirts and khaki pants in some kind of color spectrum order that made sense only to Steve, Tony thought to himself, a fond smile starting to form almost against his will.  He studied Steve for a moment, giving him a chance to take it all in.
“Steve,” Tony said, low and rough.  Steve looked up and saw Tony had moved from the doorway to the edge of the mat, watching him in the intense way Tony did sometimes, like he if he could, he would pull Steve apart and figure out what was wrong.  Steve supposed if anyone could, it would be Tony.  “Is everything okay?”
“No,” Steve replied placidly.
That was true.  He knew it. He thought the kids knew it, too, though probably not the grandchildren who sometimes came with their parents to visit. Visits that had grown more frequent, he was well aware, and with an edge of duty to them that he didn’t like.  They were all waiting, whether they knew it or not. That was really all he had left to do. Wait.
It was a simple, clear imperative in his head.  He liked that.  Everything here was always so twisted and messy, full of unknowns and hidden meanings.  But, the idea that these people shouldn’t be thinking about Tony was a straight-edged throughline in his mind.  He knew them, these Alphas. He knew who they were and what they did.  Tony,
In his fist, the cool, flat surface of the rock was oddly settling. Steve focused on that. There were minute imperfections in the rock that suddenly seemed monumental. The pain in his nipple and ache in his cock seemed to fade as he scraped his thumb back and forth over the rock, feeling the slight pitting in the grain.
“He was ridiculously circumspect when I asked him about your personal legal information, go figure,” Pepper replied.
“I believe it,” she said.
Steve held Tony’s hands to his chest. “I’m sorry, Tony. I really am.”
Bounding up the side of the hill Hulk in all his rage-filled glory targets them. Steve grapples for his shield and then remembers the nanobot one on his wrist. He activates it, yanks it off and flings it in one smooth motion. It hits Hulk squarely in the chest and knocks him over. The shield zooms right back to him, not naturally like his real shield, but as if the nanobots are programmed to zero in on him. He puts his wrist up and catches the shield easily.
Bruce stepped in to the weighted conversation. He finished chopping the vegetables and tossed them into a slow cooker. “The twins, Wanda and Pietro are doing well. They actually accepted the pack faster than I thought, though there is some resentment on their part concerning Tony.”
“Well, of course. Have a good visit.” She puts the six pack down and turns to her door, but not before her smiles fades a degree. He quirks an eyebrow and then with his foot knocks on Steve’s door.
Steve only smiles in reply.
Three days after they dragged Steve off into the unknown, they hauled him back. Tony tries not to think about all the various wounds and bruises all over the man’s body. He looks like they strung him up and used him as a slab of meat for a butcher to practice on. He’s barely breathing when Raza’s thugs drop him on the cot and mutter something at Tony.
Steve drops his arms. “I never forgot. Not in all the days I stayed alone on the Garden. I didn’t want to go with Carol when she brought me back. But I did because it was the right thing to do, I suppose.” He thinks about Sam and Bucky. All the people he disappointed. “You know it took them a helluva long time to find me.”
Time steals life.
"You can't do this. Let me help you. You need help, god damn it." His voice had sounded strangled and it probably was since the maniac tried to choke him to death.
“He’s smart. You should be nice to him.” Yinsen waves the dull knife he’s working with at Tony.
Except it isn’t oblivion.
Something howled in the background like a lost dog begging for help. “God damn.” It hit him. “Who did the experiments? Who does the experiments.”
“What?” Tony shook as the shock of the last day washed over him.
“No. No. Just rest. Good night.” He cuts off the connect before Obie can say another word. This – Steve thinks – is his opening.
They aren’t welts anymore.
“Things changed when I saw they weren’t just going after the random vamp.” She started towards the elevator and they all fell in step behind her. “Random vamps that choose not to join a coven or have been kicked out are usually the first to go with these types of round ups. It ebbs and flows. They round a few up, do something hideous, and then things quiet down. It’s part of their PR to keep humans from getting antsy.” She shook her head.
“Hmm. What’s this?” Jane pulls out the draft pages and Steve yelps, jumping over to the portfolio and jerking it from her grasp.
Once again, Tony waves him off. “Locomotives will be things of the past. The future lies in privatization of transportation. Look at this fine country, the long pastures and fields. We cannot crisis cross it with the iron monster, the train. No, it will be something greater, more versatile.”
"Save him if you can," she said with agony lacing her words. "But if you cannot, do not let him suffer."
Steve elbowed the door open to the bedroom and carried Tony to the small bed. It was a full-sized bed, but the two of them together dwarfed it in some ways. Big, muscular, over six feet, Captain America one-time hero of World War II, and now one of the outspoken Captains in the V-Corps took up more than his half of the bed. He put Tony down and then reached over and pushed the door closed. Natasha would ensure that no one bothered them. The room was so small that Steve never had to leave Tony’s side.
The Red Knight tilts his head and asks, “What triggered it?”
“Bigger than you, smaller than you?” She takes another sip of her tea. He’s starting to count how many times she drinks and he forces himself to stop.
“Yep, now let’s go out to the Concourse and get one of those snacks that that little kid was getting,” Tony says and he’s hyper, almost dancing around the room.
Steve did as Tony asked and then immediately shut them again. He must have fallen asleep and drifted into the dream space again. He willed himself to wake up, while at the same time dream Tony said, “Yeah, I think this might be real.”
“Yeah, yeah,” he said and lets his head bow. It hurt so god damned much. He zeroes in on the discussion over Rogers as a candidate. “I don’t want him to do that.”
Tony bangs the table and chokes out a laugh. “You are perfect. Everything you said is completely true and fucking needs to be handled and dealt with. A war that goes on for ten years has more casualties than what’s on the frontlines.” He wipes his mouth with the cloth napkin.
Tony abruptly stops and drops his hands. The glass door in front of Steve clicks to unlock and then automatically swings open. He tears off the goggles. “What the hell, Steve. I told you I would see you at ten. It isn’t ten yet. What’s the problem? What do you need?”
Could it possibly be? Could Steve accept this – this relationship? A relationship based on everything he learned that was wrong. Except maybe he didn’t learn it was wrong. He recalled across the hall of the tenement house he shared with his mother. He remembered the pair of bachelors. Their small apartment was across the hall. A one bedroom tucked in the back of the building. Most renters of the building accepted the idea that one of the bachelors slept on the couch and the other slept in the bedroom. During the Great Depression people did what they could to survive, sharing a meal, sharing a flat. The men across the hall were survivors. Or were they?
Tony sighs, large and slow, as if his whole body needs release. “I wish.” He stops and closes his eyes. Steve’s not sure if he glimpses a tear leaking from the corners. “I think I want to rest. Sleep for a while. Okay?”
“Don’t move, you’re just getting over an infection and you’re still weak.” The bleary face above him reminds him of someone, but then his brain hasn’t functioned on all cylinders since Yinsen. He grimaces. He promised himself not to think of him, not now, not ever.
The cause.
“That’s a good thing, right?” Tony hated that part of him that bubbled up with his usual anxiety. For years Tony fought against the idea that his own self-worth depended on others’ view of him. That horrible gremlin reared its ugly head again as he sat in Steve’s arms.
“Yeah, yeah,” he says and he pulls out his rifle from his back holster. He’s wearing his black leather vest with dark pants to match. Only the glint off his metal arm could draw attention to them in the dark forest surrounding the Skull’s headquarters. Sam has his wings pack on; their way out depends on him. He can’t carry out all three of them but he can get to the rendezvous point without detection.
“Yeah!” That was way too enthusiastic, Steve chides himself. “Sure, I’d love that.” He frowns that really didn’t lower the outrageous amount of excitement in his voice. He’s never had a whole room for himself for art in his life.
“I can’t see you burn.” Tony slumps, his heart beating too fast in his chest. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
This was my angel Steve story where he's off to rescue Tony and Tony rescues him right back. Plus end of the world apocalypse stuff - you know the routine stuff.
This announcement shocks the good Captain and he jolts back to reality, mumbling assent. He sits back as the movie begins to play on the large screen console. That’s when Tony notices it – a framed oil painting, much like the one in the kitchen, tacked to the wall below the screen.
Steve considers him as if this is a hard deal to make. “Only if you tell me the real secret you’ve been hiding.”
“No sir. He is still with the fleet.”
“I had mid-morning snacks. Don’t look at me like that, I’m injured.” He rushes past Tony and gets to the cart. It’s glory of food again and he grins. “Lots to choose from. Do you want to have a picnic by the ocean at night?”
“You always get up. Always stand up.” She coughed, and blood streaked her chin. Steve only stayed silent by her side. His grief too much to bear, too much of a burden to offer any more comfort. “Don’t let — them. Don’t let them beat you down.” Sara shuddered. Sweat covered her gray face.
Steve couldn’t catch his breath enough to talk, but he nodded as he worked to even out his breathing. He placed hands on his own knees as he inhaled, held it, and then slowly exhaled. Tears burnt his eyes. Tony rubbed his shoulders. Finally, Steve managed to take in enough air to ask, “You?”
“I don’t know,” Steve says. “I saw some wine. It’s white so it really doesn’t go with the beef stew.”
“But you called me healer?” Bruce lifted his arm to show the swirl with the dart of green through it. It didn’t remind Steve of any symbol he was familiar with, but then again he supposed magic and the universe didn’t adhere to human forged symbols and representations.
Steve claws his way toward Tony, scraping through the icy daggers until he’s able to crawl the last few meters to his side. Tony’s lying prone in the snow and Steve throws down his own bag in order to maneuver him onto his back. The new armor presents a problem since Steve doesn’t know where the emergency release switch is.
“She is also the leader of all of our kind,” Thor added. His hair had been shorn and he wore a t-shirt and cotton pants. He looked comfortable and at ease – more so than Steve had ever seen him. “It is good to be in a place that welcomes us. It is also good to see you well again.”
Not even that small fact assuaged the disgust running through him. The pain from his wound and the burns meant nothing in comparison to this creature touching him, violating him in the most intimate ways.
“I have an appointment with Strange next week. If we hire this guy Steve, he can take me – hear all the horror stories of what happened. It will be a good learning experience for him,” Tony says. He shifts the glasses to shades, darkening with the lenses with just one quick shift of his eyes. “You go. You have things to do. I’m going to sit here and check out the files on the good Captain.” He takes the tablet from her.
Steve smiled and closed his eyes. He wasn’t sure how long he slept – probably less than an hour, but he blinked awake to find Clint sipping water but still on high alert. Steve sat up and asked, “Any more of that water?”
“Yeah, yeah. Just hope to hell that doesn’t happen again.”
“Fuck, he already tried to kill you,” Tony spat back. “No, you are not doing that. I won’t allow it.”
Clint turned around as the lift rose. “Yeah, that’s it. Told me to get somewhere safe. I mean what the hell?”
What does it mean? Does it mean the Transformation to an angel? What is happening in his world?  Then he remembers Steve begging Natasha –
“Hey. Hey!” Bruce said. “I called Wong-.”
Steve collects some of the cushions from the couches and tosses them on the floor. He also discovers a cache of blankets which he also includes on the floor. Rolling the cart over to the little cove of blankets and cushions, Steve invites Tony to settle into their hideaway. “JARVIS, please ocean scene at night.”
“Thanks, I appreciate it.” Steve glides his hand carefully down the chest. It feels like a glove and, when he looks at himself in the bathroom full mirror, it doesn’t make him feel like he’s wearing his father’s suit. It’s made for him, and only him. It’s striking. He would have thought the red would wash out his skin or that it would emphasize his ruddy undertones but it’s a perfect shade for him and it’s the Stark colors. Steve smiles.
Tony’s horse follows, but not as spooked. As a rider, Tony’s not as skilled as Steve, but he bears the reins well, and manages to steer the horse to a sedate march. He pulls up on the reins and the horse follows Tony’s lead instead of the bucking lead horse’s direction. The horse stops and Tony swings off, rushing to Steve’s side.
“Yeah?” Tony looks behind him as he’s about to leave.
“You said -.” Tony’s breathless. “You said no teasing tonight.”
“It might, we could try. That’s all I’m saying.”
He won’t force Pep to do something that’s foreign to her nature. It is his requirement as the Lord, as the leader of his Family and Clan. It is his responsibility to go to the Council with a powerful omega at his side to defend his name and his claim. They interview another candidate but unfortunately the man is not a sub-omega and since Tony is not interested in taming a dom- Omega in the short amount of time he has left before the Council, he needs to take that into consideration as well.
“Is it?”
And yet. The echoes of the past reverberated but collapsed at the same time.
The pod door closes and Steve scans the room. It’s utilitarian much like his private quarters. This pod doesn’t have a full bath just a toilet and a sink. The bed is a full bed with only sheets and two pillows. Above the bed hangs a handhold, a bar, and some other strange devices that Steve can’t identify. In the drawer on the side table near the bed are condoms, lube and some toys including a vibrator, a few dildos, a ball gag, and a soft whip. He didn’t sign up for any whipping so he hopes that’s not in the cards. As he’s opening the cabinet below the drawer the door buzzes and his first client steps through the entrance.
“I knew I had to get back,” Steve says. Tony expects him to be staring at Bucky and Sam, but no. He only has eyes for Tony. “I knew I needed to be here. I waited before and I lost out. I waited 9 years this time. I don’t plan to miss out again.”
Tony had been in his thirties when he was changed. He didn’t look like he was in his thirties. The transformation blessed him with youth and he looked in his twenties – the same age as Steve. They’d been together for six years. Tony hadn’t aged, neither had Steve – the serum gave him that boon. Tony told the story of his change to Steve one night as they lay together in the garden of the safe house listening to the chirping crickets as the summer died away. It was their first summer together. Steve thought he would miss the sun and the day, but the night held wonders he never appreciated until he spent them with Tony. They lay entangled on the lounge chair; Tony satiated from having drank his fill. Steve was pliant and lazy, almost drifting in a kind of subspace. He wouldn’t have had the audacity to ask how Tony got turned, the circumstances of it, otherwise.
They kissed. Soft. Sweet.
“And who do we have here?” Natalie says and steps forward as does her omega, Clyn. The omega behind her is a crack shot and she often calls him Hawkeye. Tony does not ask. The man is partially deaf and Tony would have had that repaired long ago, but Natalie never even thought about it.
Steve doesn’t respond. It’s not his place.
“Yes, Thor said about the ergot being laced with something special from his brother’s concoctions, might be right.”
Thor stops, his expression grave. “Steven, you must stop letting life pass you by. Look at who you are. This place tells a story here. I know, I write stories for a living. Here, hidden up in your attic away from the world you can pretend you don’t need anyone. But you do. And you want someone. I suggest you go and get it.” He throws the banana peel away. “And get coffee too. This place is really miserable.”
“Yeah, I did.” Steve falls silent, closing away the explanation, but Tony chases after it like he’s skipping through a dark and shadowy meadow trying to capture butterflies.
“Thanks, Natasha. I appreciate it.”
“No. This is from me. I need a favor. I need you to find out what his right hand man is doing and why.”
“Sure.” She tried to make it sound like it wasn’t a big deal. He made it one.
“No,” Tony says and finds he has to sniffle. “No, he didn’t – he’s not dead.”
Steve pushed back into the cushion of the seat. “I don’t know, I think we’re not utilizing the pack the way we should. We’re the Avengers and we’re not even a real team. Haven’t been since the Chitauri invaded.”
Steve notices the sallow expression on Tony’s face, but his words are soft and not bitter. “She did. Once. Like I said.” He flips the compass open. “Always was surprised the photograph survived.”
As he went to sit at the laboratory bench, his hands tremored and he cradled his head in his folded arms. He had everything. He was a wealthy man with the world at his disposal. He’d figured this all out with that kid Harley and he blew up his suits and got rid of the arc reactor. Why did Natasha have to come and render him bare? Why did his core, his heart, his chest, everything – why did it ache?
Clint looks from the bag to Steve. His eyes flash red. That was not the right answer. Clint slings the bag over his shoulder, his eyes challenge Steve. “Well, my dear Captain – man out of time – tell me how you’re prepared to handle a dose of my reality?”
An abashed heat warms Steve's face and he's not certain if he should be insulted or honored by Tony's action. He nods and sits. The table between them is laden with an assortment of foods, some of which Steve cannot even identify.
“What I need,” Bucky mumbled, and his gaze dropped downward to the floor. He stood stock still for several seconds until he looked up again and asked, “It’s not a woman, is it?”
He drove all the way to Baltimore and the only thing he has to show for it – “Cookies.”
“Not sure. Ultron’s having trouble keeping up with the bit of information he’s already received from the fact that Barton’s retired to the fact that Wanda’s a full fledged Avenger now.” He puts his hands up to ward off Steve’s protests. “I had to figure out how far his knowledge went or didn’t go. He knows something but not all. That’s good for us. He’s probably shut down the simulation with respect to the constructs right now because he has to update them.”
Tony grins. “Don’t know if I can hold it back with the Brooklyn accent coming through.”
Once the servant leaves the room, Tony takes a sip of his coffee, smiles in appreciation, and then explains, “The nanites would be deposited into your-.” He waves.
Tony wipes away the soap from his eyes and says, “I think we should get out before we drown in a bathtub.”
“Everhart.”
Eventually, the team lost interest – or Fury growled at them and they were dismissed to leave both Bruce and Steve in the midst of a flurry of doctors and nurses checking on them. Steve sat across from Bruce on a gurney. Bruce, now clothed in scrubs, tried not to meet Steve’s gaze. The idea that Bruce might be in his head all the time, terrified him. So Steve tried to send thoughts to Bruce or at least read something in his mind. He got nothing for it. Was that a blessing or a curse? Steve had no idea.
He does, zipping it along the dusty ground and then finally toward the big cat. Blu leaps over and uses the armor back plate like a shield, catching the light and throwing it back at Tony. He barely gets out of the way – avoiding the blinding light.
“JARVIS meal?” Tony says a bit too loud.
“As long as the UN doesn’t manipulate who we are and what we stand for,” Steve says. “I don’t want another SHIELD.”
As if to challenge his desire to stay apart from the nascent team called the Avengers, Tony ended up facing the Mandarin on his own a little over a year after the whole Battle of New York fiasco. He would have thought that protecting the world from a madman would clarify in his brain what he wanted out of being Iron Man. By all rights, the very act of being a loner and finding a way to save the world again should have validated his feelings. Instead it ate a hole in his core. In the end he threw everything away simply to try and run from the fear, the darkness growing and aching within him.
“Small town a bit southwest of here, friend of mine’s lives there. He’s a deputy.” He eyes the rest of the room. “Is it gonna be a problem for me to bring Sam here?”
“No, darling, don’t.” Steve says but this time his words are fierce, determined, and firm. “We’re not playing a game. You didn’t come to my rescue, you signed our execution orders. I am not your damsel in distress.”
“Took you long enough, Rogers.” She would only say it as she stared at Bucky. “He knows, they both know.”
He grips the knob of the suite’s door. “I’ll be in the suite, awaiting what punishment you decide I deserve.” He exits then and Tony finds he’s shaking with both anger and frustration.
Steve’s cheeks redden. “I am. I was here. Through it all. I’ve been a lion more time on this Earth than a man. I have all of his memories, experiences-.” He shuts down then, dropping down to sit as the overwhelming truths must hit him. His whole body trembles as if caught in the throws of a horrible dream. It must be like that for him, this reality he’s found himself in.
“Tony!” Natasha said as Tony rushed down the corridor. He didn’t look behind him. He heard the door to Steve’s room open.
Right then and there, Tony decided to hate this Captain America, aka Steve Rogers. Though he tried as he might, he failed. His father came to him the next day with a stack of comic books and plopped them on Tony’s desk that already on circuit boards and soldering irons on it. Tony lifted his goggles and looked up at his father.
“Do it? You mean have sex with a lot of people I don’t know or have one day a week off. I bet you don’t get much time off from the frontlines.” As Steve talks he notices the streak of discomfort ruin Tony’s expression. “I didn’t think this would be who I was when I was younger. I wanted to be an artist, like I told you. Being a sex worker, while it’s not what I dreamed of – I can make people happy if only for a little time.”
That was disturbing. Steve had to admit though it made more sense than a chaotic mess of just anyone. “But it doesn’t make sense that I identified those people who attacked the train as part of the pack. Maybe something’s wrong with me? With the bonding process?”
“I saw you die,” Tony whispered and then he leaned forward and placed his head on Steve’s so that their foreheads touched. “You know what’s worse?”
Tony nearly tackles him when he returns to the main living room. He grabs onto Steve’s arm and drags him the rest of the way into the room, whispering how he could hear Steve’s footsteps from a mile away. “Not very stealthy, are you?”
Wanda smiles and it’s sweet and wholesome. “I am so glad. I don’t know Mister Stark well. He’s barely here, but I am pleased for him.”
Tony smiles and shakes his head. The rueful look softens Steve and he allows his hackles to quiet. “Captain, I don’t mean to offend, maybe enlighten, but not offend. I’ve come close to death, so have you. I decided that I won’t allow anyone or any manmade law decide how I might live.”
“Yeah? Any new ones? Anything to make it smaller?” Obie said but then interrupted himself and turned to Marissa who’d become stone in front of them, her hand perched over her sandwich. “Marissa. Don’t you have some place to be?”
“P.E.?” Steve grimaced. Why did people need to be trained in physical education? His training consisted of getting beaten by bullies in back alleys. He shrugged; he guessed he understood it a little. “I don’t know? I guess?”
“One will do, ma’am.”
Steve chuckles. “No, I’ve been sitting right next to you watching how you ignore the vegetables in the plate even when I fake you out and tell you they are where the meat is supposed to be.”
Isn’t that the truth. He leans forward in his seat, elbows on knees. “Listen, Pepper. Steve and me – well-.”
“You got him?” Sam asks but the sound feels so far away as Bucky approaches the crumpled figure in the corner.
He puts one foot in front of the other, though the act of walking seems like a formidable task. How will he even be able to defend them when he cannot take his mind off the fact that Steve’s dying – this is his corpse that Bucky is saving. He cannot even look into those beautiful, caring blue eyes again. The cage obstructs even a glimpse of them. Bucky knows, knows deep in his heart that just the ability to see might clear away the quaking from Steve, might calm him.
Steve snorts. “That doesn’t help me much.”
