“Were his bruises caused by your hesitation to endanger yourself?” demanded Sebastian from behind John.
Sherlock bent forward so his icy eyes force John’s half-voiced protests. “Don’t ever touch this again.” He ordered in a low voice.
He rested his head on Sherlock’s shoulder as Reverend Hooper walked out onto the pier.  The fishermen, including several he had heard his father deride as smugglers, stood on the decks of their ships that bounced lightly on the choppy waves. Nothing was a simple as he wanted to believe. Mayhap it never had been.
John frowned as he woke to find his blankets wrapped tightly around him. He did not recall when he had fallen asleep, but he had been deep in a dream. In it, he had been with Sherlock. His kisses, bestowed among the dappled shadows by the shore, had sent pulses of delight through him.
“Father said to hurry.”  A hint of a grin loosened the tightness of Harry’s lips. “He is not worried that Sherlock will run out on you, but something has him concerned. He has two footman watching the front door and one on the others.”
“The chapel?” John had not given thought to where the ceremony would be held. Speaking hypocritical vows of love might be possible in the parlor, but in the chapel…
Rushing into the morning room, he could not escape the truth. The one bit of truth he had refused to speak, just as Sherlock had refused to speak of how they had shared no more than kisses. He was falling in love with Sherlock Holmes, who continued to be the very mate he had longed for – an Alpha of courage and honor. An Alpha he could admire at the same time he could love him.
His ragged breath was loud as a shout in his ears as he turned to flee. Suddenly, as if bursting from the depths of his most horrid nightmare, two forms appeared.
John wasn’t sure how to get rid of Sebastian. He didn’t want to go into the house with him trotting after like a puppy, but there was no choice. Perhaps Greg, who seemed to have become friends with Sebastian in the last month, would be about and engage him in some sort of discussion while John… While he checked on Sherlock. Avoiding the temptation to do that had him lingering in the garden in the first place. The doctor had assured them that Sherlock’s arm didn’t break as they’d feared. Instead, he had wrenched his shoulder fiercely, an injury that would take almost as long to heal as a broken arm.
Stepping forward, Sherlock said in an unruffled voice that did not match the enmity in his eyes, “John has known no Alpha before me, I assure you. You would be wise not to slander my Omega because he chose to become a Holmes instead of a Moran. I shall not debate the obvious intelligence of his choice.” He smiled. “Do not make me so angry that I shall be forced to teach you a lesson before my Omega and his family.”
“Molly leaves not a block from the shore where the warehouse is.” John hesitated, then asked, “Do you want me to take a message to Mr. Jensen for you?”
John did not move as Sherlock continued past him and disappeared through the gate. He was right. John did need to sort out his feelings - and not just on the war on the other side of the Channel. On that, he was very sure of his opinions. He wished he could be so sure of what he thought of Sherlock Holmes and who he might really be.
“Take care, John,”  Sherlock said as he set the basket beside John.  “Sympathy for Sebastian nearly betrayed your cousin into persuading your father to arrange for you to marry him. Do not let it betray you now.”
“Good.” William released him, tugging nervously at his waistcoat. “I do not have time to make sure you have a watchdog every minute.”
I'll be adding tags with the next chapter as things start to ramp up. Keep an eye out for things that might trigger.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” John replied, wishing he had thought to bring a thicker coat. Rain coursed down his neck, but he feared it was the least of his concerns when Sir Albert tightened his grip on his arm.  He kept his voice calm and his expression vexed.  No one must guess he was feeling anything but indignity at Sir Albert’s churlish actions.
He sat on the settee beside John. “I know that, but I saw you come down the stairs.  You looked as if you were trying to hide from the world.”
"Fuck you very much Sherlock! How am I supposed to go I to the surgery looking like a tropical fish?"
“Reverend Hooper brought it with him when he came here from Devon.  I believe his father was approached by his parishioners there, and that is how it began.  It is a good excuse for a feast day.”
“Yes, Watson, do come with us.” Mr. Donovan’s smile became as cold as sleet. “You will want to be a part of this.”
The cake fell from his fingers, forgotten, as he drew John to him. When John’s hands slipped along him, pressing him to Sherlock, Sherlock knew he had found where he wanted to be.
John stared into his eyes as Sherlock lifted his hand. Sherlock’s fingers slipped beneath the cuff of John’s coat to stroke his wrist before gliding up along his shoulder. The morning no longer seemed chilly as he closed his eyes, wanting to relish this pleasure which he craved in his dreams … and when he woke.
Harry paused as they went down the stairs. Facing him, she said, “I know I would rather you be John Holmes than marry Sebastian Moran.”
“If you keep speaking with the Town polish, Sebastian,” Molly interjected, “no one bearing the bounds will be able to understand you.”
“Nonsense!” Lady Hudson patted John’s hand. “My dear child, how can you ask that when I did not protest when you announced your plans to marry?”
“True.” Glancing over his shoulder, he added, “But I heard the water from the fountain in this direction and decided to look at it.”
“What you are wise to think, but I kissed you because I could not resist, not because I wanted to cause more talk. There should be enough already.”
married now.” With a sigh, he picked up the nightshirt on the bed and placed it in John’s hands. “Ready yourself for bed, John, while I go to my room and gather some pillows and blankets.”
“Sherlock!” John choked out. Disbelief twisted through him. Above the green uniform with its garish epaulets was the face he had seen so close to his when Sherlock kissed him. “No, Sherlock! Not you!”
John tried to halt them, but tears cascaded along his cheeks. He did not cry for himself, but for his father who was wounded by these ridiculous lies. “Father, it is not as you think. Sherlock and I – “
Aunt Hudson smiled. “I know you have been troubled by your marriage, although I do not know why for this match is one that should be pleasing to both of you.”
Tears jeweled in John’s eyes, and Sherlock cursed the circumstances that brought them to this.  Sherlock started to speak, but John turned away to take the cloth off the top of the food basket.
He would have refused. Then John would not have had to suffer his pawing and been so stupid as to speak Sherlock’s name. Then he would not have had to see horror on Father’s face and listen to Sherlock calmly owning how he let passion for John overmaster his good sense.
“Are you mad?” John gasped, staring at Sebastian as if he had never seen him. Why had he let Greg persuade Father to consider Sebastian’s suit? He should have listened to his own heart which had warned him that Sebastian was a beast. “Stop!”
“Yes, yes.” His father said with an odd impatience. “That of course is your business. What I want to know now is, are you interested in joining the strand patrols, Sherlock?”
“Don’t look so frightened,” Sherlock teased. He kissed John lightly again, resisting the need to claim his lips until every yearning in him was sated. “I won’t be an ogre of a mate.”
“My dear child, don’t you realize that the truth is no longer important? Everyone has made up his or her mind what the truth is, and nothing you or Sherlock might do will change a single mind an iota.”
“I am fine. Jameson got hit pretty hard.”  Greg smiled as the coachee was lifted from the road and put in the carriage by some of the men who had arrived with Mr. Donovan. The man who had been shot was carried to a cart that was drawing up beside the carriage.  Paying them no mind, Greg continued, “John’s feathers are ruffled, but that might not be all for the bad.”
John faced him, astonished that Sherlock still spoke French. “Why should I believe that?” He kept his chin high, so the tears flooding his eyes could not overflow.
“Then why…?” He bit his lip to silence the rest of the question. Mayhap his father knew, as John did, that to speak the truth now would mean he would be obligated to marry a man he despised.
“Oh,” his father added, as he turned to leave, “your aunt wishes to go into the village today. Do you mind taking her?”
Sherlock caught John’s shoulders and brought him up against his chest. His kiss cajoled John into forgetting everything but the delight of Sherlock’s mouth on his own. When John’s fingers rose, he pulled them back with a moan when they brushed the gold braid of Sherlock’s epaulets.
“That is at least the fifth time you have mentioned the peddler,” she said, smiling. “Did he really unsettle you so greatly?”
“Will you go with me to the Donovan’s house?” He drew his hand from behind him and held out John’s favorite straw hat.
“If you are weaving a tale for me, in hopes of increasing the price of this pistol, you need not. Give me the truth, man, so we might begin this bargaining in honesty.”
“Peace!” Miss Donovan gasped. “Wouldn’t it be wonderful to have peace? I vow I cannot recall the last time anyone spoke of anything but that war and the need to put an end to it. If people would just have good sense and – “
“Yes.” John looked away. Molly could forgive Greg for stopping his visits to the parsonage, but how would he forgive Sherlock? He wanted to forgive him. He could have forgiven him almost anything… except being false with him as he had.
Hours later, when the last guest had departed and Aunt Hudson had expressed the last of her many, far from subtle hints that the newly mated couple might wish to be alone, John was silent as he walked along the hall to the bedchamber that would be his no longer. He fidgeted with his cufflinks and listened to Sherlock’s footsteps behind him.
He looked past John out the window at the downs, where even now lanterns wagged as his father’s men sought any sign of the smugglers’ trail. “I hope that’s a vow you will be able to keep, Mr. Watson.”
“You should know that you were right this afternoon when you said I had intended to abandon you here.” Sherlock said softly.
“I couldn’t. Harry was about during supper, and Father has been busy all evening.” He paused by the stable door lit by a single lantern. It was so quiet compared to the times when he came here to get his horse to ride. The stable hands must all be asleep by this hour. He envied them their carefree sleep. “I thought you might be more forthcoming now that you are to be on the road.”
Sherlock acted as if he were immune to the startled glances, although John knew how little was missed by his keen eyes. “I want to help. Nothing more.”
“No!” John did not want to guess how close Sherlock was to the truth. After dreaming of being in his arms, he had not expected his happiness to come to such a quick and painful end.
“John Watson.” He stepped closer to the wagon.  What could it hurt to look at the persistent man’s wares? He might find something to take his mind off his troubles.
I LIVE!  Here's a chapter if there's anyone left who might be interested after almost 3 years. Unbeta'd so kindly let me know if I've missed anything.
“You won’t tell me that when we are mated.” Sebastian laughed again. “Pa says you will take a little training, but you shall learn.”
He would rather be anywhere but here at this gathering tonight, however, Greg had told his friends that the whole family would be in attendance. He had considered begging off, saying he did not feel well. That would only create talk that he was with child and start more rumors about why he had wed Sherlock.
John was shocked when Mr. Holmes rested his left elbow on the arm of the chair and tipped John’s face toward his. “Your chin is scraped.”
Sherlock wanted to laugh Lady Hudson’s words, but he could not, for John might think his amusement was with him when he firmly held to his dignity despite his great-aunt’s words. Eccentric? That was no exaggeration.
John was confounded by this presumptuous man.  While he said nothing outwardly wrong, the way he spoke and the twinkle in his eye made plain his meaning. Yet, his gaze did not slither along John’s spine in the way Sebastian Moran’s did each time they met.  John shuddered as he pushed that thought away.
The shout seemed to come from everywhere. He stared at the wagon as it hit a broken cobble and tilted toward him. He struggled to rise. Something slammed against him, throwing him to the courtyard and away from the wagon. He moaned as he hit the ground. The crash of the wagon reverberated around him. Glass shattered, and metal clanged on the stones.
Despite John’s attempt to curb it, at Sherlock’s slight emphasis on that single word, suggesting he had awakened him at other times during the night, a blush oozed up John’s cheeks to heat his face. “No, you did not disturb me this morning.”
Sherlock came to his feet with care, John noted. Did his head still right with the concussion of the accident, as John’s did if he moved too swiftly? Reaching under his waistcoat, Sherlock pulled out a package wrapped in brown paper. “I was supposed to deliver this to him when I reached the village. I have had it with me since I last left London, so there is no hurry.” He gave John a wry smile. “On the other hand, I have been carrying it about for some time now, so he might be waiting for it.”
“Are you going to hold that over me for the rest of our lives?” John tried to squirm away, but Sherlock’s arms tightened around him, holding him close. That he wanted to soften against him and savor Sherlock’s touch vexed him even more. “I have told you more than once that Sebastian was the one who named you as my lover. Maybe you should go and inflict your company on him.”
“So soft you are, sweetheart.” Sherlock whispered. “How sweet it would be to hold you with your skin against mine!”
Sherlock pushed that thought aside when they paused by a stone fence. Without comment, he watched Harry fire at a target she had carved into a tree halfway across an empty field. He made some suggestions to her to aim lower because the pistol kicked up on every shot. When he saw how slowly Harry reloaded the gun, he bit his lip to keep from warning her that she could be killed easily if she did not learn some speed in reloading. Unlike when she chased foxes across the downs, the French would be firing back in the hope of killing everyone in British uniform.
“Come here, my boy,” ordered Aunt Hudson. “As you are part of this family, you should know by now that I expect to be acknowledged with a kiss on the cheek by my niece and nephew each morning.”
He wanted to ask why she refuse to look at him, but said only, “Thank you.” He understood her bewilderment, because he shared it.
Aunt Hudson frowned. “Don’t be absurd, child. Harriet will not go off to join the army while there is breath between my old bones.”
It required all his strength to still the quivers in John’s voice. “I know, but you were planning on leaving to return to your life.”
He wanted to curse Sir Albert’s ability to find his weakest point with such ease. Instead he smiled. “Father has spoken frequently today of how he looked forward to acquainting his new son-in-law with Watson Hall’s neighbors.”  When his smile became a scowl, John hoped he had not pushed Moran too far. He should be more careful than he had been with Sebastian. “You can find them inside.”
Sherlock smiled at him, but he was not bamboozled. That odd intensity had not left his gaze. “You and I must discuss our future at a time when we can speak in privacy, my dear mate.”
“But he has. No Alpha will ever mate him.” Father glanced at Sebastian, who shook his head and laughed loudly.
“That’s not funny,” Harry retorted with a scowl before John had the chance to respond. “If I were head of this household, I would make certain no Moran ever stepped foot within these walls again.”
“Please let me finish,” he said, not sure he could finish the practiced words if he faltered here. “You must understand that there are many along these shores who would gladly see peace negotiated with that black-hearted Corsican. Livelihoods in the village have been ruined, and those who continue to prosper do so by throwing aside their honest ways to become smugglers and risk ending their days in a noose. Some of those folks would promise anything to see the war ended.”
“No?” Sir Albert burst into the room, Sebastian trailing him in silence. When his father pointed a wide finder at him, Sebastian glowered. “This want-witted son of mine has told me only in the past hour that he decided not to marry your son.  What do you know about this?”
John tried to twist away, his small Omega stature giving him no help. When Sebastian’s fingers tightened, John gasped,
He walked to the door, then ran back and hugged his aunt before hurrying down the stairs. He did not bother to go into the kitchen. There would be time enough – later – to worry about packing food for Sherlock.
He lowered his voice so no one might hear it but Harry. “Did Sir Albert see that it was you who hit him?”
Mr. Holmes smile was strained through the pain etching his face. “I’m sure you always do what you must, no matter what you face.”
“Mr. Watson!” Mr. Jensen, who was barely taller than his counter, wiped his hands on a stained apron. “Were you expecting the arrival of a package today?”
“No, Sherlock, I – “ He faltered when Sherlock caught John to him and pressed his lips to his neck. It took all his strength to turn his face when Sherlock bent to capture his lips in the sweet prison of passion. “Not like this.”
“Believe that I did not want him until he convinced himself that I had been seduced by Sherlock.” He raised his chin. “Greg, you are the one deluded. He would have forced himself on me.”
had come to his senses and demanded that Sherlock be honest with him. Uncertain if he could trust his voice, he rose and opened the door.
Sherlock barely kept his flinch from showing. Blue eyes were not the only thing father and son had in common. They were too damn insightful, seeing aspects of him that no one else did. He’d been convinced Lord Watson would accept his out-and-outer about the pistol. It was a reasonable story.
He stood and walked down the hall to his father’s book room.  The door was closed, so he knocked and waited for a reply.  Even if he was meeting with the village council, John would ask for a few minutes to speak with him.  Greg had come to him for advice because he respected his experience. He needed to speak with his father for the same reason. He was not sure how he would tell his father of his problem without divulging the truth about Sherlock’s duplicity, but he needed his calm assurance that he was not alone.
Choosing not to answer, he looked into the wagon instead.  His eyes widened at the collection of items inside. It was a jumble of small wonders. Books slouched to one side propped up by, wait, was that a skull? A box of dishes sat nestled in the corner, draped with light blue fabric.
He stepped back a single step, then another. Pointing to the right, he said, “I would suggest that, if you are determined to get to Watson Hall, you should go that way, John. It will lead you away from where I saw Sebastian Moran stopping every group of walkers to demand if they had seen you.”
He cursed his fingers which trembled as he reached for the bottle of cider waiting by the cake in the center of the table. Glad that Father had not served wine, which would make the day even more stressful for all of them, he pulled the cork. When it did not move, unreasonable tears of frustration bubbled against his lashes. Long fingers covered his, and he looked over his shoulder to see Sherlock’s smile.
When Sherlock seized his arms again, John gasped as he growled, “Can’t you realize that what we want sometimes is the very thing we cannot have?” He pulled his blanket back over him.
John put his hands on his arms. Sherlock shook them away. When he stared him with anguish in his eyes, he struggled not to succumb to the fierce longing to sooth John’s despair and to ease his own craving for him. To stand too close to John and to be aware of him with every inch of him was an exquisite torment.
Although John expected another volley of insults, Sebastian turned on his heel and stamped out the door. The outer door slammed as he left. John shivered, unable to believe that his torment at receiving him was over.
John whirled. The snide emphasis on his name could only come from Sir Albert Moran. This was not the enemy he had feared meeting in a moonlit garden, but Sir Albert could be as dangerous to him as the French. As if he had no concerns, John started toward the house. “Good evening.”
“Mr. Watson was not hurt by my hesitation, but, I’m afraid, by my determination to keep him from being killed.” Sherlock extended his hand.
“I don’t think he needs to fear rain,” Sherlock said, glancing up at the sky where only a few wisps of clouds marred the perfect blue. “Tomorrow mayhap. Today is the perfect day for rowing out to the boats.”
Rising, John set his towel on the corner of the vanity and reached for a comb to straighten the mess of hair on his head. “Yes, I have decided.”
“Do you mean to tell me that you actually considered for even a heartbeat giving your son to those beasts? Mayhap your mate did not tell you what – “
John stood before it could whip out and strike him. He did not bother to speak, for he guessed Sherlock would not answer him. Why should he? He knew the answer as well as he did. What he did not understand was the reason. He feared it had to do with what had kept him out so late and had convinced him to scale that treacherous wall to his window.
At the unexpected question, John’s breath stuttered and he froze. He watched through the darkness as a shadow thickened to become a silhouette that was immediately identifiable.
“I know, but I hope he finds the navy to his liking.”  Biting his lower lip, he said, “And I hope his decision does not influence Harry.”
Sherlock laughed. “I have met your aunt, so I know you have some strong-willed omega’s in the Watson family.”
His hand was caught in a vise as he was shoved against the wall. His breath exploded from him, but the sound was muffled against a warm palm. When his fingers became numb, the poker fell onto the bed. He took a deep breath so that he might yell, but choked on it when the poker was held up in front of his face.
She grimaced as she always did when their aunt called her by her full name.  “I am a young Alpha now, Auntie.  I believe a guilty conscience is a part of growing up.”
is not,” the baronet said with a laugh. “But the question is how much he knows about the man who is”
Given something to focus on besides his own panic, he notices for the first time the new shadows behind those eyes.
As he spoke the proper words to Miss Donovan, he was aware of John’s wary glances at him. He could not know what was wrong, only that something had bothered Sherlock. Now he must make certain John did not discover what.
John understood what his sister did not. As Harry walked beside him toward the back of the house where the small family chapel was, he stared ahead, eyes unfocused. Father was worried about the Morans.
“I agree, but Sebastian’s father is our neighbor. It would be deemed an excellent match. Sir Albert -”
Harry sat on the arm of the settee and crowed, “Getting her brother on your side so he will agree to her marrying you. Brilliant plan!”
When a bowl of porridge was placed in front of him, he asked, “Harry, will you pass the sugar, please?”
“Not that I was aware of. If you think differently, will you enlighten me?” His hand shifted on the back of the seat, so the tips of his fingers covered John’s.
“No, you are not.”  John tapped the list. “You will see that most of the items we need are for you.”
“Gently, I hope.” John said. “I heard that some of the villagers last year tipped the youngsters upside down at every boundary marker to help them remember where each one is.”
Aunt Hudson tucked the lace into his pocket and fluffed it. “I dreamed of you, our only omega, being married in a grand white suit made of white silk.”
John stood, reluctant to obey even a single one of the orders Sebastian fired at him as if he were the lowest servant in his house. “Harry, tea should be here posthaste. If there is anything Mr. Holmes -”
Stepping away, John winced as he backed into a chair. “Why are you doing this? You are not French, although you speak as if you are.”
“Father has been looking for a gift for Harry,” John answered, knowing that Mrs. Carson would only keep pressing. “The peddler had something I thought to be appropriate.”
“I did. When I am certain you are safe from the Morans and their machinations, I will ask your father to petition for an annulment of this marriage.”
Going to the edge of the tiny garden, John looked at the high hedge that separated it from the rest of the gardens. He sighed. Sherlock was not here. He had no choice but to go back inside and pretend nothing was amiss. It might be simpler if he knew whether something truly was amiss.
Sherlock bent forward so his mouth was only inches from John’s ear. The pulse of his breath moved John’s hair and sent waves of unadulterated desire cascading over him. Closing his eyes, John delighted in the sensations that should have been perfect, but were wrong. When Sherlock spoke, John swallowed a moan of yearning which would complete the betrayal of the secret he hid in his heart.
“You betrayed nothing and no one.”  He brushed John’s cheek with his fingers. “Mr. Cartman is allied with the smugglers who are your father’s nemeses and, as far as he knows, so am I.  He knows nothing more.”
“You are wrong about that.” Sherlock’s finger stroked John’s cheek. When John did not look at him, his finger ran along John’s jaw before tilting his chin up. “I am filled with second thoughts, John.”
Tears trail their  way down John's cheeks. Sherlock lifts his arm to brush them away. Or, he tries to. No matter how much he wills it he cannot get his arm to respond.  He glances desperately at John and John wilts further under his gaze.
John lashed out with a fist. When Sir Albert reeled back, a shorter form stepped out of the shadows. He clenched his fist against his lips to silence another shout as he saw another fist whip forward. Sir Albert collapsed to the ground.
“One of the reasons?” Sherlock took John’s hand and drew him closer. When his fingers curved along John’s cheek, he whispered, “What is the other reason?”
When Sherlock held out his had to him, he hesitated. John did not want his touch to bewitch him into putting aside his fear for Harriet.
“You need not look so fearful. Your father was very emphatic in saying that you would not marry Sir Albert.” A slow smile eased along his lips. “On that, I agree with him completely.”
With a smile, Sherlock walked toward her. Young Harry obviously had something on her mind. Maybe it would John off of his.
He dared another step backward – bumped into something hard. His arms were grasped and jerked behind him. Pulling against the strong grip, he looked over his shoulder to see another French soldier. John shouted.
"Your unfortunate timing cannot possibly be blamed on me."  A few snickers leaked out. "They shouldn't be permanent. A good scrub should get them off."
John lingered behind, hoping to see which group Sherlock was leaving with. They would not be able to be alone, but John would enjoy the chance to walk with him.
“That she wants to go and fight.” John blinked back the tears of frustration that came too easily when he thought of Harry going off to fight. He wouldn’t let Sherlock see his tears. John’s jealousy weighed on him, threatening to choke him with its strength. His fear for Harry was real, there was no question of that. And that he would have been in the same danger, had he been given the chance to go, had not been forgotten. When he acknowledged the jealousy, the guilt ate at him. Guilt for wanting to hold Harry back and keep her safe, while wanting nothing more than to leave to fight for her same cause. “She’s a dreamer of she thinks Father will purchase her a commission.”
Mr. Holmes laughed. “Why does that bother you when you ignore all of them?” He motioned with his head. “I’m going this way. Join me if you wish. You know you are curious about the pistol.”
Younger by 4 years, Harry likely didn’t remember John dashing from room to room in their manor, swinging his wooden sword at invisible foes.  John had listened peripherally as Harry railed against Napoleon and ‘those damned frogs’, his mind drawn back to his former dreams of glory as he had listened to his grandfather’s stories of fighting the colonials.
John heard shouts behind him as he raced through the trees. Overhead, thunder chased streaks of lightning. He did not slow as he ran out onto the road and saw a carriage coming toward him. Waving it down, he glanced back over his shoulder. The soldiers were not far behind.
John clenched and unclenched his hands. Mr. Anderson was a man of somber temperament, not given to bouts of drinking at the pub. If it had been Mr. Wilson or even Sir Albert telling of seeing the boat, he could have discounted the stories as images brought forth by a bottle of blue ruin.
When his hand moved up John’s back, bringing him up against him, he knew why no watchdog would approve of such a sensual dance. John did not care.  This might be the last night they had together, the last chance they had to be in each other’s arms.  He released Sherlock’s hand. Pulling his mouth down to meet his own, he tasted the hidden curves within it.  He swayed against Sherlock, lost in the melody that merged them together in this splendor.
His kiss was gentle, asking John to give him only what he wanted to. John wanted to give him everything. He pulled back with a gasp, frightened by his own cravings to make this marriage more than a sham built on lies.
He walked across the faded Persian rug to stand in the shadows of the doorway. Lord Watson had his back to him, so he had a good view of the baron’s clenched hands clasped behind him. The man who had clearly irritated John’s father stood in profile to Sherlock.
“You have chosen a rainy day for a ride,” he said when he noticed that Greg wore buckskin pantaloons beneath his dark coat.
Abruptly, he whispered, “No.” John pushed himself away. “Don’t pervert the one thing I thought this war could never touch.”
into the house. An offer of a night in the stables and a plate in the kitchen would not have sufficed. He wanted this chance to meet Lord Watson, not simply enjoy his hospitality. Sherlock had heard so much about the baron and his holdings here, and he was delighted to have the opportunity to meet the man and ascertain if Lord Watson was as honest and defiant of the French and their uneasy allies, the smugglers, as he’d heard whispered about in the shire.
His hand on John’s arm warned him that Sherlock refused to be overlooked. He brought John to face him and said softly, “John Holmes. An Omega is something I did not expected to find when I offered you a tin of tea in exchange for a night’s lodging for me and my horse.”
“Lots?” John smiled tightly. “I had not thought one simple marriage could change the entire village.”
“I return your whore to you.” He shoved John so hard that he dropped to his knees in front of his father. Moran’s caustic smile was turned on Father. “Did you tell him that he should be proud to have taken a lover? You must have thought me a sap-skull to have his bastard foisted off on me.”
“Sherlock, if you are caught, you will not be sent back to prison. You will be hanged. If you are here when you are arrested, my father, sister, and cousin could be hanged, too.”  Tears glistened in his eyes as he whispered, “Go, before they hang you.”
When his cousin whispered his name in a broken voice, John turned to look at him. He gently touched John’s cheek. “Why are you doing this?”
John nodded, not willing to trust his voice again. Tearing his gaze from Sherlock’s, he glanced at his father. He’d not been sure whether his father would be smiling or frowning, but puzzlement claimed his father’s expression.
Sherlock put his hand over John’s, out of view of the others. “When an Alpha wants something so much, no one can talk them out of it.”
John nodded. “Which is one of the reasons I have come out here, so my yawns would not seem so rude.”
The peddler smiled. “Probably why it cost me so much. There isn’t much there. Enough for just a few cups.” He ran a fingertip along the tin, brushing John’s hand with his much broader finger.
But John could not avoid checking on Sherlock any longer, he realized when he saw movement in the morning room. Harry came running out to grab his hands and pull him into the room that surrendered itself to shadows with the passage of the sun overhead. The pair of chairs, on either side of a settee offered the perfect place for a conversation.
“What?” Mr. Holmes gave a sharp laugh, but he was no fool. The twinkle had evaporated again from his heated eyes. “You didn’t think a simple peddler would know of such things?”
Mrs. Carson was waiting at the bottom of the stairs, John appreciated the housekeeper’s attempt to smile more than he could say. When Mrs. Carson pinned several flowers to his lapel, she said, “An Omega should have flowers.”
Pulled to his feet, he started to snarl a curse. He froze when he saw the guns pointed at both the coachman and Greg.  For the first time, he realized that Sir Albert had two other men with him. Had he been lying in wait for them?  Why?
Sherlock shook his head. “Not for sure, but I have ordered my men to alert me to anything they might learn. What they haven’t been able to discover is who is giving the smugglers these orders. I have urged caution because I do not want to lose the alliance with the smugglers.”
Why couldn’t Harry inherit their cousin’s good sense? Why did she have to be as impulsive as John? Why did she have to have the ability to act on such impulsiveness?
Sherlock grinned when the other man bristled. Resting his right hand on the back of a chair, he winced as the simple motion sent agony through him. The blasted arm might not be broken, but it ached as if it were. “Forgive me,” he said, lowering himself onto the settee. “Tis the price of being a hero.”
Mr. Holmes leaned back in the chair and closed his eyes. “Why not? Do you know much of smugglers, Mr. Watson?”
“I’ve tried,” John said. “I even went for a carriage ride with him and Father and Sir Albert one day. He was loud and monopolized every conversation. Oh! And he wiped his nose on his sleeve.”
Edging out of Sherlock’s arms, John went to the window and closed it. “I see no sense in continuing to ask why you did not want anyone to know the time when you sneaked back into the Hall tonight.”
“I did not go far. Your younger sister is not adept at keeping a somber expression while playing a prank.”
“No, let me finish.”  He lowered his voice. “You are a soldier, so you share Jay’s dream of a glorious victory for those you fight for.”
“I know you,” Greg stated with the dim hint of a smile. “I am also beginning to know Sherlock. He doesn’t take his vows lightly. He might bend his promise to Uncle enough to kiss you, as he cannot hide that he wants to do so, but he would never seduce you.”
John pulled free of him. “What is it?” he demanded heatedly when they stood in the hall beyond the door. He would not go any farther with Sebastian.
“Sebastian Moran, I have warned you once not to speak of my son so,” Father said in a rigid voice. Harry was getting to her feet. Only Greg remained sitting. “Get out!”
He brushed a twig from John’s hair. “I need not, for the sight of you so obviously disheveled would persuade any man with a bit of a brain in his head to realize you did not speak of your own volition the words that would ruin both of us.”
John took the package which could not hold more than a sheet or two. “Is that what you and Harry were talking about?”
“You did.  I was taught several languages by my tutors, but it is hardly wise to use such language freely when our shores could be invaded at any moment.”
Before Sherlock could reply, Harry snapped, “I know you despise the idea of me joining the army, John, but you do not need to disparage them like this.”
John put his hand on Harry’s arm and lifted his own chin. Greg could be exasperating when he thought he was right. Tonight, he couldn’t be more wrong.
He grasped John’s shoulders. “John, you are what you are, and I am what I am. What sort of future can I offer you?”
John laughed, so Moran could not suspect the depths of his distaste. Then, Sir Albert would press his attack. “You should not listen to the lies spread about the village.”
Slipping his arm through Molly’s, John steered her toward the door. He chuckled and ran back to get his hat. Sliding his gloves back on, took Molly by the elbow, and hurried outside.  He should not be afflicted with guilt when he was making his friend happy, but he was. Thankful he had this excuse to change the conversation from the French soldiers, he wondered what he would do when the subject came up again. As it would, for everyone in the village knew the danger surrounding them.
When an arm encircled his shoulders, he looked up to see Sherlock’s smile. Somehow, he managed to introduce him to Molly without bumbling over his words too often. He was as gracious to Molly as if she were the daughter of the king, which was no surprise. Sherlock treated everyone with respect, save for the Morans.
Then he realized that Auntie would not be denied some parts of this celebration. No wonder, he had not seen her since the wedding was announced. Aunt Hudson had been busy making all these arrangements.
The ballroom shimmered with candlelight. Sherlock knew a peddler was as out of place here as a Cyprian taking tea with their lover’s mate. The baron’s guests, each of them dressed with an elegance that made his road-worn clothes look even more threadbare, glanced at him with curiosity as he walked through the magnificent room which sparkled with crystal and gilt.
Awareness of betrayal swept through him, bitter as bile and hot as flame. Sherlock had lied about being a traveling peddler. How readily he had duped them! He closed his eyes in agony. If Sherlock had been as false about everything, his kisses might have been feigned. He had used their marriage to inveigle his way into John’s father’s favor to gain information on the patrols and betray them.
“Did you consider that I simply wanted to catch my breath after the long walk? Besides, that is a marigold. Cook uses them to brighten up our meals. They’re good for healing small cuts too.”
John nodded as she fluffed the square again and straightened his cravat. Greg might have chided him for being unthinking, but he could never say Father was.
Sherlock’s arms surrounded John as he silenced him with a kiss. Drawing him close, he refused to let him free himself.  John fought the deluding snares of passion but found he needed their love to erase the fear. He held tightly to Sherlock, wanting the forgetfulness which came at the apex of ecstasy.
“Mayhap you should go to Town with Sebastian. You could use those flowery phrases to thrill the Omegas.”
As if there had been no interruption, Aunt Hudson went to the table and picked up a knife. She pressed it in John’s numb fingers.
John did not say anything because he wanted to let them think he was unable to comprehend their language. That way, they might reveal something that could lead to their capture… if he escaped alive.
“Does it?” Sherlock’s smile returned while he walked to where John stood. “Is it any different from your father arranging for a patrol along the shore? I do believe, John, you need to sort out your feelings on the whole of this.”
Sherlock coursed his fingers along John’s shoulders. When he bent to whisper, his breath swirled around John’s ear, feverish and tempting. “Whether you believe it or not, I shall never betray
“Thank you, Mr. Donovan,”  John said, hoping they would believe his feigned serenity.  “I appreciate your arrival when Sir Albert was being so beastly. If you will excuse me, I think it would make good sense for me to sit down in the carriage for a few moments to regain my composure.”
Knowing he was bold, but knowing as well that the situation was beyond the canons of propriety, he murmured, “Sherlock? Can you hear me? Are you hurt?”
He drove his elbow back into the man’s stomach. The man cursed. He re-aimed and swung his arm back even harder. The man retched, and John pulled away. He caught him again before he could run a single step.
Sherlock stood and started to speak. Then he closed his mouth. Nodding, he said, “Very well, John. I can see the sense in your suggestion. Give me until the end of the week to make up a good excuse that will not endanger you or your family. Then I will leave.”
“Just bumped about.” John turned to refill the wine glass. “I’ve been hurt as badly racing Harry on horseback across a field.”
A rattle from the road pushed him from his thoughts and a small smile crossed his lips as he spied a peddler’s wagon through the trees.  It was rare for peddlers to choose to come this far from the main road.  Watson Hall estate was set back nearly a mile from the main road and few went out of their way to visit on the chance of a sale.
As Father lead him toward the altar, everyone rose from the stone pews and turned to watch. He ignored the temptation to laugh when he realized how different this was from what he’d imagined as a child. His dreams of being a soldier well and truly shattered, though he’d always known it wouldn’t happen. As he looked from his father to his sister and cousin now seated in the foremost pew next to Aunt Hudson, a beatific smile on her face as if she had arranged the whole of this, then on to the gently smiling face of the minister, he wanted to apologize for snaring them in this web of delusion.
John snarled and snapped, drawing blood before he was ripped out of Sir Albert’s grip.  His shirt was torn.  He grasped Greg’s arm to steady himself as he heard a trigger being drawn back.  He whispered Sherlock’s name with what he feared would be his last breath.
Sherlock stood and took John's hand. "I'll help!"  He grinned as John turned his back and dragged him toward the bath. He could only hope John would be relaxed enough after that he wouldn't notice or care about any lingering color.
“Oh, dear what?”  He did not want his friend guessing the course of his thoughts. Mayhap, for the first time, he understood why Molly had not confided in him about the state of her heart. Such emotions were too fragile - and too doomed - to share.
Aunt Hudson selected her favorite chaise longue and smiled as Harry handed her a cup of tea. “Now that you are all here, I must speak with you of a matter of importance. The beating of the bounds is always held the second week of June every year. That is nearly upon us. With your father so busy-”
Shaking his head, he whispered, “How can she be so shortsighted? There is no glory worth dying for.” He hoped his tears carried not as jealousy, but fear for Harry’s safety.
“His father told him that he would be marrying you. He simply cannot believe he will not.” She hesitated, then said, “Please do not take this the wrong way, but I suspect Sebastian cannot imagine you would choose a penniless peddler over him, the Alpha son of a baronet who is full of juice.”
“Forgive me for waylaying him on his way to let you know he was home,” Father said with a taut smile. “I wanted to hear what news he had gathered while traveling along the shore.”
As the carriage turned toward Watson Hall, John glanced back toward the woods. The shadows were as empty as his heart.
Father’s face grew as ruddy as Sebastian’s. Beside him, Harry edged forward, her hands in fists. Even Greg was scowling. Maybe he had finally realized the caliber of the men he had been hoodwinked into believing.
Sherlock smiled when John knelt to look at some yellow blossoms peeking from beneath last autumn’s fallen leaves. He squatted next to him. “Is this why you came into the woods, John? To admire flowers?” Sherlock held out his hand.
But Sherlock paused in front of them. Bowing his head toward Lord Watson, he said, “Thank you, my Lord.”
“Now I guess I shall be staying to make my life here.” Sherlock sighed, but that glitter remained in his eyes. “If I refuse to save your family’s reputation by marrying you, your father will take target practice to my backside as you threatened to do to Moran.”
“Do not push him to find out.” Reverend Hooper’s deep voice rolled across the room. “Put that away, William. There shall be no more fighting. This is a wedding, not a brawl.” He held a hand out to John. When he went to him and put his left hand, with his wedding band glittering on it, on his hand, the reverend placed John’s had in Sherlock’s. “Remember these words. ‘What God has joined together, let no man put asunder.’ Do you understand?”
“You are disturbed about Sherlock joining us for the nightly patrols, aren’t you?” his father furrowed his brows in concern. “There is not much danger of doing more than tripping over something in the dark.”
"John, there's mine robe on the sofa." John went there to take a seat, but didn't touched the offered cloth.
When they arrived at Angelo's, they sat on their table. Angelo was over the moon he can see Sherlock again.
The room was cold and dark. Only a bed and a desk were in it. Doesn't matter. He didn't planned settle down for a long term. He watched the gun on the desk. How pathetic. He survived the war, and what for? His parents are dead. His sister is an alcoholic, and don't want to see him. They never understood why he wanted to go to the army. An omega... To be an army doctor. He wanted to be brave, strong, proud and independent. And what is he now? A depressed, broken soldier. He glanced his cane in the corner of the bed. He limped, since the shot. He is not a soldier, nor an omega anymore. He was taking experimental suppressants, to disguise his gender. The drugs prevented his heats, and then he realised, he slowly damaged his own body. He doesn't even have  a smell at all. He is getting older, with no chance to get an alpha, pups, family... His parents would be so disappointed. Why would be worth staying alive anymore? He is so lonely. He reached for the gun, when his phone chirped.
“I am not a spy!” John cried in French. He refused to be killed without knowing the truth. All of it must be revealed now. He must know why Sherlock was wearing this hated uniform.
Heat rose along his cheeks as he reached for a comb. Combing his hair into place would give his trembling fingers something to do.
“For heaven’s sake,” John moaned, grasping Sherlock’s arms. He released one when Sherlock winced again. John did not want to cloud his mind with pain. Sherlock had to think clearly.
“Any deliveries he had promised to make he could have had one of the servants tend to,” Aunt Hudson raised a single finger. “Do not try to hoax me with out-and-outers, child, by telling me that Sherlock is unaccustomed to making requests of the servants. You know as well as I that he has not always been a peddler.”
John looked at his list again, wishing once more that he had waited to speak with her until tomorrow. However, delaying his daily meeting with her would create even more questions from their housekeeper. Mrs. Carson still treated him like a child, though truth be told, she treated Father with the same gentle concern.
Father gave her no chance to get an answer as the men of the village ran for their carriages and a chance to capture the smugglers who endangered the village. Ordering the wagon secured in the stables, he motioned for several men to help Mr. Holmes into the house. “And send for Dr. Sawyer,” he added. “She’s the best bonesetter in the shire.”
When Sherlock tugged on Johns fingers to draw him toward the altar, John forced his leaden feet forward. The reverend regarded him steadily, and John wondered if he was ashamed of what he must see as a lamb straying from the flock.
“You have been listening to your father’s lectures too long.”  She motioned to Sherlock.  “Tell her, my boy, that growing up means learning from one’s guilt not to make the same mistakes twice.”
“Your father is a reasonable man. I cannot believe that, if you ask him to reconsider, he would force you to marry that uncouth cur.”
“She didn’t, but she couldn’t hide the pride in her every step. When I chanced to see Sir Albert come in from the garden and take his leave with unparalleled speed, I guessed the two events might be connected.”
John looked up from his list when he heard a muffled chuckle. Mrs. Carson’s face pinched as she attempted not to laugh out loud. He tried to recall what he could have said that was so amusing.
When his cousin handed him into the closed carriage that was waiting by the front door in the steady rain, John glanced along the drive hoping to see Sherlock.  He wondered where Sherlock had gone during the past few days. Was he with his French patrol still near the village and Watson Hall? If so, John hoped Sherlock would stay out of view of the road or any of the residents of the shire.
John stomped through the underbrush of the small forest near his home, frustration evident in every line of his body.  Once again, the genetic lottery had thrown his dreams to the dirt and crushed them.
“Come and hear what Sherlock was telling me about how the French are moving across the continent.” Harry babbled.
John recoiled from his sharp words. “None of my business? You are hiding only God knows what in there, and you tell me it is none of my business? This is my home. Father should know if you are in trouble – “
“Can whatever it is wait a few minutes?” He had been intrigued with this story since the first sentence, and he was only a page from the end of the fourth chapter.
“Safe?” John’s voice was as low as Sherlock’s. “Is anyone safe now? I feared you were that French prisoner sneaking into the Hall to kill us.”
“Sebastian, yes, and I had hoped I had been mistaken about Sir Albert’s ways. It seems I was not.” He sighed. “His darker side bursts out of control too often. It is too bad too, because he is not an evil man."
John’s face flushed as he touched his left cheek. That morning he had discovered it had become a rich tapestry of colors. “It’s nothing, I bumped it.”
Instead of the frown John expected, his aunt chuckled. “Good. Mayhap you are coming to trust that fine young man you married instead of acting as if he had abandoned you.”
John was surprised to wake up alone in the morning. He had not thought he’d slept, but apparently he’d fallen asleep long enough for Sherlock to slip out of the room. After ringing for Elsa, he was as silent as his maid while he dressed. He saw Elsa glance at the chaise longue on which a folded blanket and pillow were neatly stacked. Still, he said nothing. There had been enough lies in this house, but he could not speak the truth. He could not be sure why. He only knew his heart ached within him like a broken-winged bird’s.
He released John and walked out the door. He did not look back as he closed it. If he did, he might never leave.
He went out to the terrace and stared up at the stars shimmering in the distance. Water burbled in the background of the nearby rose garden.
John glanced at him, then lowered the cups to the table. He would never quail before Sir Albert again. No longer did he have to listen to his comments about how happy John would be when he married Sebastian.
Harry’s smile vanished. She glanced from John to Sherlock and then back to her aunt. “You need not constantly repeat that, Auntie. The mistakes that Uncle made I know well.  What you should recognize is that I know that.”
“He has to marry someone!” Greg’s voice was still tight with anger. “And Sebastian isn’t so bad once you get to know him.”
Sherlock took him by the shoulders and drew him up between his knees. His smile echoed the longing in his expressive eyes as his lips touched John’s. “You are a good Omega to help me like this.”
He took a glass of some tepid lemonade, wishing that Watson would relent on this one thing about the smugglers and serve a decent glass of champagne tonight. Listening to the conversation sifting through the music, he took note of every word but heard nothing unusual. Somehow Sherlock had forgotten, for which he was grateful, how much time people could spend talking about nothing.
Dust danced in the sunlight that found its way through the narrow windows. John wondered how anyone could work in such a dim place as he closed the door behind him.
“I have heard all I wish to hear of your flummery, Sherlock Holmes! I wish I had never chanced upon you that day you walked into the shire.”  John walked toward his dressing room.
In horror, John understood what he intended to do. “Sebastian, no!” He gasped again. Either Sebastian did not hear him, or he chose to John. He shoved John ahead of him into the parlor where John’s father and family sat… and Sherlock!
“And I fear she will not get any older if she becomes a soldier.” John put a hand on Sherlock’s arm. “Sherlock, she respects you. If you were to speak to her of being more sensible, mayhap she would listen.”
“You had best accustom yourself to stares,” John said, tugging at his waistcoat as he climbed the stairs with Sherlock. “You shall endure many tonight.”
John stared at Sherlock as if seeing him for the first time. He could not mistake the quiet conviction in Sherlock’s voice. Although John had seen Sherlock’s face without a smile before, he was sure he had never seen Sherlock so resolved as he was now. “If you feel that way,” he retorted, “perhaps you should be toting a gun on some battlefield instead of hawking your goods down these country lanes.”
He put a hand on Greg’s elbow, ignoring his scowl.  “Greg, what is wrong? You were happy with Molly at the blessing of the fleet, and now you are as glum as a felon on his way to face the judge.”
His arm surged around John, pulling him up into his hateful uniform again as Sherlock whispered, “That I love you?”
“I learned to speak French and English from my mother who was half-English.” Sherlock clasped his hands behind his back and sat on the windowsill. “I learned to be a peddler when I escaped from the prison where I was a prisoner of war.”
He took a shuddering breath.  The tall man was not a stranger. Sebastian Moran would be known anywhere by his ginger hackles. Even from a distance and despite that red hair, he was undeniably handsome, his chiseled features as strong as his massive shoulders. He dressed, as always, in prime twig, a reminder to everyone that he was the one and only son of Sir Albert Moran.
“I know I would be.” Eager to change the subject, John said, “Molly, Greg told me he was anxious to speak with you.”
“As you have your shoes?” John pointed to Sherlock’s footwear which was marked by drying salt stains. “Did you walk out into the sea to begin the beating of the bounds?”
“Turn left here.” Giving directions saved John from having to respond. Mr. Holmes spoke so well that he’d forgotten how different their circumstances were.  His petty worries about unwanted proposals and his sister’s ability to join the army seemed ridiculous when compared to Mr. Holmes struggle to keep himself fed by selling enough of his wares.
“I am doing fine.” He started to walk back along the wall, but Sherlock stepped in front of him, blocking his way. “Sherlock, I have no time for this.”
He let his friend’s chatter surround him as they walked out the gate and turned toward the shore, where the first marker was set on the very edge of the strand.
“I am not in any trouble,” Sherlock declared as he laughed tautly. “Save with you. Forgive me, John. The pistol is to make sure no one steals from my wagon. The other things are items I promised to deliver to a village not too far from here. That will be my first stop.”
All thoughts of his sister and his neighbor vanished when Sherlock rose from the settee on which he had been sitting. John noted that Sherlock’s right arm was hidden in a sling and his color was a decided gray beneath his tan. Even so, a smile slowly curved along his lips and John fought to breathe. John wondered how many Omegas he’d charmed into buying his wares with that smile, for he could not imagine telling him no now.
He folded the coat over the back of a chair and reached for the nightshirt on the bed. When Sherlock’s broad hands covered his, John longed to lean his head back against his chest as his arms enveloped him. Sherlock drew his hand back and lifted it to his lips. John melted back against him as Sherlock teased his fingers with the tip of his tongue. A moan fled his lips when Sherlock traced the center of his palm with fiery kisses.
has once again been my saving grace.  Lending me motivation on my own work while I dither on editing hers.
Greg snarled an oath. “Do not play coy with me.  You know as well as I that Sherlock has not always been a peddler.”
He silenced John with a kiss. Sherlock lifted his head only enough so he could murmur, “I thought I had it figured out so well. I would marry you to save you from the Morans; then I would leave. I would have arranged for word to be sent back to you that I had been killed in some sort of accident, and you would have been free to go on with your life.”
“We are going back to Watson Hall?”  John smiled, hoping tonight would be the wedding night he craved.
“If you wish to leave, Sherlock…” John began as they entered the grand salon where the evening’s entertainment would be held.
Pushing his soaked hair out of his eyes, he hurried around to the back of the house. He would not stand in the rain while waiting for Mr. Anderson to shake off his blue ruin fog. He would wait out the storm in his barn.
Walking with his aunt along the hall, he shivered as he paused by the chapel door. As soon as he stepped through it, he would be beginning a new life, one he had never imagined. No, he had imagined being in Sherlock’s arms – far too often his mind drifted in that direction – but he had never envisioned himself exchanging marital vows with him. And what would happen after the ceremony…? No, he mustn’t think of that, because if he didn’t marry him, he feared a quick betrothal to Sebastian would be arranged.
“Thought you might.” She grinned and John flashed back to her face as a child. “Don’t delay. I don’t want you married to Sebastian Moran either.”
Sherlock spun John to stand in front of his cheval glass. Tugging at his right sleeve, he pointed to where the seam had split. “Something out of nothing? I think you are trying to make nothing out of something, John. The only question is why?”
He stood and wiped his hands, which had been resting on the stone wall. “Mayhap Mr. Jensen fell asleep,” Sherlock said, looking in the direction of the village, “and the prisoner took advantage of that.”
“Has something caught your eye?” The peddler’s voice was smug. No doubt anticipating the chance to make a sale.  “You’ve been staring for quite a while.”
Sherlock’s smile tightened as did his hands at John’s waist. “That Frenchman has no interest in you. All he wants now is to get back to France, if he’s not already there.” Releasing him, he urged, “Go to sleep.”
“Are you in more pain?” John asked, adjusting the sling that threatened to slip from Sherlock’s shoulder.
Harry ignored her dismay. “If they aren’t nearby to rescue him, he must be looking for a place to hide. I need to tell Father that, so he can have the outbuildings secured. If – “
“I am not sure yet,” he replied. “Lord Watson tells me there have been few traveling merchants around this village.”
“I don’t understand why you want to compel Sherlock to come to your house.  All you would need to do is extend him an invitation to call.”
“I doubt you wish to share yours.” His grin became self-deprecating. “You should hurry and change if you do not want to tempt your husband beyond what a mortal man can endure. It should not take me long to sneak to my room and get what I need for tonight and the morrow.”
“I know that.” John let his smile become sincere. “On that I never have second guessed myself.” He glanced again at the pistol which Sherlock held with the ease of a man accustomed to handling weapons. “I hope you are a better shot than she is, so she does not become overconfident.”
“Of course, although I am not sure how valuable my advice is at the moment.” John sat on the settee. When thunder thudded against the house like a cannon, he shivered. He hoped he would never hear the sounds of real cannon fire aimed at these walls.
“About me and Sherlock?” Good heavens, could Auntie know the truth? So little that happened around the village failed to reach Auntie, but this… “What do you mean?”
“He also tells me you are quite reluctant to part with it.” Lord Watson chuckled as he poured a glass of wine. “I should warn you that I’m reluctant to assist her in outfitting herself for the commission she has been seeking, although she thinks me oblivious to her plans.”
Greg leaped forward and scooped up the wounded man’s gun.  He aimed it at Sir Albert as more men stepped out onto the road.
John took a breath to retort, but running steps echoed wildly through the room before Harry burst through the door. She reached out to steady Aunt Hudson, who was barely out of her path, but Auntie waved Harry aside.
To make up for the long gap before the last chapter. A new one! Thank you to all who have commented on this story. I always appreciate hearing that you are enjoying it. Please feel free to point out any mistakes I may have missed.
Greg lifted the smaller man up before letting him drop again. "Fill you up my love. Stuff you full of my pups till you can't walk."
Instead, he looked at his father. John’s eyes widened when he realized his father was dressed in his very best dark coat and pale breeches. When he held his arm out to John, John’s fingers trembled when he put them on his father’s sleeve. He put a hand over John’s and patted it as he had when John was a child and in need of comfort.
“Of course, Father. Let Auntie know I am willing to drive her into the village whenever she wishes.”
Auntie smiled with reluctance. “Alright, mayhap a few beef-heads did, but your family and your friends – all who matter – know you for what you are.”  She led John’s eyes to where Sherlock was laughing with Harry.  “And we know what Sherlock is.”
“Then you should know that they have one universal trait. They know how to hide and stay hidden from any authority that might wish to halt them.” He grimaced. “I didn’t know a broken bone would hurt like this.”
John turned away again, berating himself for betraying his father’s plans so carelessly. He had cautioned Harry so many times to watch what she said, and then he revealed the whole to a man he did not know.
Sherlock was sweating as if he had raced from Dover to Penzance. He had been in other situations that were even more dangerous than this one, so he knew it was not fear that gripped him. It was the unrelenting battle to keep from gathering John up in his arms and throwing away good sense as he put an end to this marriage of convenience by giving free rein to his need for him. Had that longing compelled him to offer for John when he could have found another way to protect him from the younger Moran?
John could do no more than choke on a gasp when Sir Albert grasped his cheeks in his big hand. He shoved him back against the carriage and smiled victoriously.
“I know a peddler is supposed to hear songs of the road in the rolling of his wagon wheels, but I am afraid I only hear the passage of miles.”
John looked over his shoulder and saw Sir Albert standing at the edge of the dancing area.  He was not watching the dancers, but straining to see into the shadows.  Had he seen them?  No, he could not have, or he would have intruded even more than he had.
“Harry told me there is a legend that the first marker is now hidden beneath the waves a few feet off shore.”
As she continued down the stairs, John followed. His gaze was caught by his bedchamber door as it was opened. His fingers clenched on the banister. Not his bedchamber when he returned from the chapel, but his and Sherlock’s. Before dawn, the Alpha who had courted him with fiery kisses and his lightning-hot touch would be teaching him a far more intimate pleasure. He longed for his caresses.
He could not recall the last time he’d met a man who was unfailing in his loyalty and put country above the profit he could gain by collaborating with the English owls busy plying the Channel with their cargoes of brandy and silk. Sherlock had to own to being curious as to why this baron resisted that temptation. He was as curious about Lord Watson as Mr. Watson had been about himself. He would have to guard himself closely around Mr. Watson, for he had already proven that he had a more insightful nature than would be good for everything Sherlock had planned.
Sherlock Holmes hid a smile as the maid led him into a drawing-room on the first floor where Lord Watson was to receive him. It was more than a year since he’d been within a country home in this part of England, but little had changed. Dark wood and bare stone hid behind tapestries that were believably almost as old as the house.  To his surprise, however, he found that the room he entered was a comfortable one, with walls painted a delicate blue and plaster moldings.
“Satisfy it?” John whispered as his gaze settled on Sherlock’s smiling lips. Satisfy it with a kiss? He feared he was quite out of his mind to be thinking so about a peddler, but he could not deny his own thoughts of Sherlock’s arm sweeping around his waist and bringing his mouth to his.
“Of course not.” John’s face burned. Did Mr. Holmes think he meant to charge so highly for the hospitality that was freely given at Watson Hall? He guessed that the tea was likely worth as much as the pistol, war and taxes being what they were, but he would not impose on his generosity. “If you tell me its price, I would be glad to listen.”
“What choice? To marry Sebastian?” John shook his head, drawing away from him. “I told him I cannot marry him. That’s when he started accusing me of taking a lover.”
Sherlock’s finger under John’s chin tilted his face toward him. “I know I should tell you that I am sorry, but I will not be dishonest with you when you know how glad I am that we can share this.”
It has been signed “With love, Sherlock.” No clue to where he was bound or what he must do.  As the days folded one into the next, he had become more anxious with each passing hour.  John did not want to think of what he would do if the week passed and Sherlock still had not returned.  John’s tale that Sherlock had a final delivery to make before he could give up his life as a peddler had brought puzzled glances from his family, but John had not elaborated, fearful that his lies would tumble apart like a stack of child’s blocks.
“I may when I can.” He slapped the reins against the back of the horse and smiled again. “Wheelwrights are expensive, however, and I prefer to feed myself and my horse.”
Mr. Jensen’s brown eyes twinkled. “Ah, I understand now. I have heard of the problems up at the baron’s house last night and of how a peddler came to your rescue.”
John was glad the shadows hid the blush that must match the heat on his cheeks. Father had warned him to guard his behavior with Sherlock. He should have heeded him, but instead had let his longings bring him into Sherlock’s arms again.
Towns all along the coast waited with bated breath to see if Napoleon’s next attack would be to their beaches. His smile didn’t falter as he remembered how wise the folks of this shire were to be so worried. To his surprise, their fears had not translated into greater vigilance, idiotic in his opinion, but he wouldn’t look that gift horse in the mouth. It certainly made his work easier.
As he came down the stairs, his spirits dragging, Greg stepped out of the parlor, his hands hidden behind him.  John tried to smile at him, but his attempt was a miserable failure.
“Enough to let us know you know much more.”  Sir Albert grabbed his arm again, twirling him toward him. When his feet slid in the mud, Sir Albert laughed and hauled him up against him. His lips pounced on John’s.
Standing before he could let his own thoughts seduce him, he clasped his hands behind him. Only then, when he was sure he could keep his fingers from reaching out to touch him, did he say, “Of course, I shall be returning. What sort of man do you think I am that I would abandon you?”
However, neither Mr. Watson nor the baron must guess the truth of why Sherlock had been reluctant to sell him the pistol. It was not only selling the pistol that concerned him. He would have been equally stubborn, no matter what Mr. Watson chose. It was his good fortune that he'd chosen something that gave him an easy excuse to resist making a bargain with him, although he certainly should have been more cautious and made sure the pistol box was well out of sight before he called to him. Idiot! Of all the items in his cart, why did Mr. Watson have to select the pistol? However, he should consider its loss as a small price for what he might receive in return.
His hands framed John’s face as they had the night Sherlock left him alone. Only now did he know Sherlock had left Watson Hall to plot its invasion. “I would have done almost anything to keep you from learning about this until a time when the truth would not be painful for you .”
Sherlock unpacked the box excitedly what Mycroft sent him. He demanded one of John's cloth. A cloth it smelled like him.
The alpha's chest rumbled with joy. The head of his cock drove into his partner. John spread his legs wider. Inch by inch Sherlock's penis went further in John's channel. When he was full inside, Sherlock snuggled to John's back.
"No! No, you stupid git! I want the bond, but we have to wait. For the heat. Maybe I'm able to..." He sighed. Why is the alpha slow-witted? It is because of the rut? Or because Sherlock and his alpha is in balanced?
They were lying on the bed, Sherlock's head on John's chest. They did nothing in these few days except feeding, sleeping, showering and sexual activity. Sherlock didn't penetrated him with his cock, but he was really talented with his tongue, and those long fingers. It was long time ago, when John had sex, he started to forget the feeling. As for Sherlock, John suspected he never had sexual connection with anyone.
"Forget that bad woman, John!" He snarled showing his fangs. "She means nothing to me! But you... you will never leave me again!"
Sherlock rutted against him like a wild animal, his lips wandered from John's lips to his neck. He sucked and nipped the skin while took deep breaths of his omega's scent.
Sherlock was over the moon when they finally moved back to Baker Street. The flat seemed empty, till his stuffs came out from the boxes which were stored in John's old room. Sherlock knew, if he want everything to be the same as it used to be, he cannot show his disapproval about John unpacked his belongings, after all he kept them and it had to be enough. Sherlock had continue to work at Scotland Yard and enjoyed the attention John gave him at home: sleeping next to him at night, making him breakfast at morning. But his thought was diverted more and more often to John's neck, and the feeling of marking John as his started to overmaster him. The doctor asked for patience, his smell sometimes got stronger, like indicated the approach of heat, but it disappeared just as fast and at this times John became lethargic. Sherlock tried to forget him with his talented fingers and clever tongue.
Sherlock went home. His thoughts swirled. Sentiment. A simple thing can destroy big minds. Maybe one day he would loose a game, because of someone. That certain someone waited him in the sitting room with a luggage at his feet. Sherlock frowned.
"Brilliant! Yes! Four serial suicides and now a note. Oh, it's Christmas. Mrs. Hudson, I'll be late. Might need some food."
Tower of London, Pentonville Prison and the Bank of England were all broken into at the same time by him. He taunted Sherlock with his graffitied GET SHERLOCK at the scene of the crime.
They didn’t talk much on the way to the restaurant. Sherlock's courage began to wane. He expected that John would be irritated, but he hoped he can warm his heart a little with endearment. Flowers, dinner with candlelight... Ordinary things for ordinary omegas. John wasn't ordinary, he knew, however Sherlock loved the idea of a proper date. It was too unusual for him. He wanted to know what it feels like with John.
"John, look at me! I want you to know, you were perfect to me. I want you to be safe. Be happy. Good bye John!"
"Oh, God!" Moaned John. "Stop it!" Sherlock only licked him more vehemently. He not only licked his rim, but nipped the skin on the cheeks.
The alpha didn't know why his partner's slick tasted like chemicals. It was wrong. Slowly he began to understand what his omega was waiting for.
"I couldn't stay away from you." Sherlock confessed, his eyes were full with regret and belonging. "So I came back. I still have the keys. I slept on the couch." Instead of waiting for John's reaction, Sherlock offered his coat to the doctor. "The smell of it helps you to relax."
Okay. The text is dense again. I'm sorry, but I didn't want to change it in the middle of the story, it would be queer. But if I'll write a new story, it will be more space between the lines :)
'Don't you dare say his name!' His alpha growled. John's name on Moriarty's lips seemed a threat. The alpha couldn't tolerate that, but Sherlock controlled that part of him.
"Admit it, you missed me. You need me. Without me you are nothing. We are the same, expect you are boring, here on the side of the angels."
"Oh, that! The missile plan!" He kissed it and with one move, he tossed it to the pool. "Boring! If I want it, I will have it." John took the opportunity and jumped on the criminal.
"Nothing" Angelo answered. "But for this man, I'd have gone to prison. I'll get a candle of the table. It's more romantic." He winked at John as he leaved.
"You said, you could identify a software designer by his tie and an airline pilot by his left thumb?"
As it turned out, Sherlock followed John to the meeting, but didn't showed himself before The Woman.
The doctor moaned loudly as he ejaculated into Sherlock's mouth. The alpha swallowed his semen smugly.
Sherlock would be a liar, if he had said he expected the kiss, but he returned it enthusiastically. He opened his mouth for John's demanding tongue. It was too exciting, he felt dizzy. Before he could lost his mind in delight, he felt a sudden sharp pain on his lips.
"It's not a code. It's a scheduled plane's passenger list." And of course he knew and tell which airline and which plane is it.
"I don't have to." Sherlock blinked embarrassed, but tried again. "Yeah, but if you were very clever, Jennifer Wilson running all those lovers, she was clever. She's trying to tell us something."
He stood in front of Baker Street again, and knocked on the door. It was weird. He never thought he would wait for permission to entry his apartment.
"That thing that you offered to do... that was good." He tried to save us again. How brave, so precious... "Oh, shut up! I try to concentrate!"
"Ugh! Sherlock..." His voice was so small, so desperate. The alpha kissed his nape reassuringly. "Please, I want to..."
Mycroft's house looked like a miniature Buckingham Palace. The older Holmes enjoyed his afternoon tea, when John burst into his home like  an enraged bull.
John woke up alone in the bed. It was strange. He always got up before Sherlock to found him possessively wrapped around his body. Instead he was found in the sitting room, sat on his chair wearing his robe.
"I saw you in blood, your head crushed. Can you imagine what was it like? Saw you like that? Of course not. Why would you care?"
"Of course." Sherlock cleared his throat. "I planned to check in the Yard today. I surprise Lestrade."
'My John is nervous. Stand up, cuddle him! Cuddle and scent him, it would calm him.' But Sherlock stayed motionless.
"We will move back to our room, and I'm gonna do so much filthy things with you... You can not imagine."
"Let's work together. We know who Rachel is." Sherlock started to listening. " Rachel was Jennifer Wilson's stillborn daughter, 14 years ago."
“Don’t you understand?” He shook his head and sighed. “That is just what I mean. You see only a glorious end to the war in Napoleon’s defeat while those here, who have so much to lose, are willing to consider other alternatives.”
“Do not fret on my behalf.” Molly smiled gently. “It would be worse if Greg pretended to feel something he does not.”
Edging to his door, he opened it to hear Reverend Hooper greeting his father. If no one halted this madness, he would be marrying Sherlock Holmes to right a wrong they had not committed.
John hesitated.  How easy it would be to agree to the trade. He would not be the first to sleep in the stables. Father always welcomed visitors, whether quality or not, to Watson Hall. He would be especially interested in any news Mr. Holmes might bring. Father waited anxiously for any news that might signal an end to the war. John fingered the cloth. He could not deny that he would like to keep it.
Clinging to the deepest shadows where they could move without being seen, John glanced up at Sherlock. His smile was gone, and even in the dim light, John could see what was in his eyes.  He needed no more lure than the promise of ecstasy to follow as Sherlock led him toward where the carriage was waiting.
“There are other matters to consider, some much more important than a wedding between our children before the end of the summer.”
John moaned with regret as Sherlock raised his lips. Opening his eyes, he used a single fingertip to trace the strong line of Sherlock’s nose and uncompromising curve of his lips.
He said nothing as Aunt Hudson walked with him up the stairs to his bedchamber.  John should have guessed from the tilt of her chin that Auntie would not be satisfied with asking a single question.
John tensed, but Sherlock said, “My feelings for John were never meant to dishonor you in any way or to lessen my gratitude to you.”
Mr. Holmes took the pistol from him and returned it to its case. “No, Mr. Watson. I will not trade you that.”
A gun fired. John flinched, then stared when one of Sir Albert’s men fell, his hands wrapped around his leg.
“Thank you,” John said, knowing he must say something. He chose a chair across from the settee leaving no chance that Sherlock would sit right next to him. Close proximity to him had an odd effect on John, so odd that he found it difficult to think of anything else.
“That was managed while you were enjoying the beating of the bounds. Harry thought I was walking with you while I went into the village to oversee that. I was on my way back when I chanced to see you going into the woods.”
“The man who delights in touching you.” His finger trailed along John’s cheek to the corner of his mouth. “The man who aches for your lips.” Across his chin, his finger slipped down to graze the somewhat less than starched soaked collar at John’s throat. “The man who cannot sleep when he is alone because he wishes to sleep with you in his arms.”
John did not slam the door in his wake, but only because he wanted to do nothing more to shame his father. His furious steps faltered when he saw Harry standing near the stairs. How easily he could be furious with Greg, but he was protective of Harry, even more so since their papa had died.
John touched his aching cheek. “I’m surprised you haven’t heard about the fracas with the smugglers at Watson Hall last night.”
are nothing but a bunch of nuisance, clearly a baggage on Earth. I was under the same impression till I met you John. I know this is sudden for you, but you have charmed me Dr. Watson. I have indeed fallen in love with you. All I want to tell you is that you belong to me now John. All I want is you and all of you. I want your brain, your body, every expression of yours to be mine now. I want to possess you John."
"Sally, please. I do not have enough time to explain. All I can tell you is that Sherlock Holmes has lost his mind. I just need a hideout."
John nearly knocked Rosie off his lap at hearing it. At first he couldn't understand what was being spoken but when he could, his mind could only assess all the things wrong with the proposition.
Sherlock realizes John is in his REM sleep (rather early) and hence it gives him ample of time to continue his ministrations. Hands still in routine, his mouth locks onto the older bloke's neck, sucking and lapping onto the heating skin. John practically start humping into Sherlock's palm as he reaches to open the trouser's zip.
"Sherlock!" John rushes to Sherlock's side to make him sit and rubs a hand on the sprain. He walks to his First aid kit, removes his ointment and rubs it on the irritant area.
All the lady did was lazily pout at him and her hand pursued his head to warmly card her fingers through John's hair.
"Sherlock I swear I'm this close to loosing my sanity. This is just absurd. And have you thought what will we be saying to Mrs. Hudson? Good thing she is on a vacation right now but sooner or later she will get to know about her new tenant."
Eurus chuckles darkly as she starts stroking his cock. His length is not a size queen, but above average and it is huge, wide at the girth and has a pinkish hue. It's rather young, considering his age. His manhood is tantalizing, turning her on almost immediately as she licks her lips. She moves her hands back at the cock again, her thumb caressing the slit of the head ever so slightly. John involuntarily bucks up but is trying to control himself. Watching him struggle against his will and need is so beautiful.
Sebastian cowered like a beaten pup. Astonished at the pity that washed over him, John was about to speak when Sherlock’s squeezing of his shoulders silenced him.
As close as they were standing, John was unsure if the shivers were only his or if Sherlock’s desire was as uncontrollable. He should push him away, but John slid his hands along the strong muscles of Sherlock’s arms.
“I heard about it.” She edged around John to look at the bruise Mr. Jensen had not seen in the dim warehouse or had chosen not to mention. “I didn’t realize you were hurt.”
Sherlock drew him to one side of the room. He waited for his father to protest. Then, he realized, his father saw nothing amiss with a couple about to wed wanting a moment alone.
Sherlock smiled. “Not as well as I let your friend Moran think, but not as bad as the compassion in your eyes suggests.” As John handed him a cup of tea and poured a second for himself, Sherlock asked, “Why do you put up with that cur?”
He scanned the trees. The gray shadows could hide an army of smugglers. He wanted to rush inside and bar every door in Watson Hall. A curse shattered his fear as he turned to see Greg putting his arm around Mr. Holmes to help him to his feet.
“You woo an Alpha to your side with a flash of your blue eyes and the promise of pleasure on your lips,” Sherlock continued in a low voice that resonated through him.
When he reached its end, he stared at an impenetrable barricade of briars that reached almost as high as the wall. He did not remember this from the last time he have been through this greenwood; then he realized that the last time had been more than five years ago. With Mr. Wilson’s neglect of his land, the thickets were reclaiming it.
“That is true, but I shall not be hurried into this. Nor shall I hurry John. Another fortnight shall not matter.”
As John spun to return to the house, Sebastian caught him and forced John into his arms again. His lips claimed John’s, and John shouted out his denial, but the sound vanished into Sebastian’s mouth.
John handed a footman his hat and cloak, then slipped his hand onto Sherlock’s arm again. He had not been in the home since the new black walnut paneling was added to the staircase that rose to separate in two directions to reach both wings of the house. A parade of portraits of Donovans, both past and present, followed the curve of the banister, but John did not notice them as he saw how many eyes were focused on him and Sherlock.
“We will try to be,” John answered, hoping his reply sounded more assure to Father than it did to himself.
Before the coachee could call back an answer, the other door was jerked open.  John gasped, fearing some highwayman was about to make his demands.  Who else would ambush the carriage like this and be so discourteous?  He put his hand over his wedding band.  He did not want to surrender it to some brazen thief.  When Sherlock left for what might be forever, this ring would be the only thing he would have other than his memories and a broken heart.
John nodded, opening the door wider. Greg’s rigid posture mirrored his own. Closing the door after him, Greg walked over to stare out the window that overlooked the gardens. John waited for him to say something, but he remained silent.
When he had stirred some sugar into his porridge and dipped his spoon into it, he raised the spoon, then lowered it, the porridge untasted. He tried to think of something, anything, to say that would sweep aside the despair smothering them, but no words seemed right.
He waited for the two men to go down the stairs and the slipped out of the room. He needed some fresh air to scour away the distaste left from eavesdropping on the conversation.
Sir Albert’s eyes lit up. “Then it is decided. We shall announce the betrothal in another fortnight.”
Taking his friend by the arm, John drew her around the corner of the house. He did not want to chance someone overhearing Molly. Looking about to be certain no one was lurking, listening to them, he said, “I have thought so as well, and I know Father has been making inquiries in that direction.”
“Why are you lathering me with this falsehood?” Her face fell into a frown. “I thought you a better man than that.”
“But what wondrous matches we would make.” Molly flung out her hand, nearly striking Sebastian who backed away hastily. “I think a marquess for you and an earl for me. We would not have to settle for anything less than lord or lady.”
He wanted to ask Sebastian who had seen Sherlock follow him into the woods as he returned to Watson Hall, but he knew it was wiser to relent now. Even to ask a single question could be dangerous. “I shall tell Father that I cannot marry you.”
Curving his hand around John’s chin that stuck out in defiance of him, Sherlock delighted in his silken skin.  John did not resist when Sherlock tipped his mouth toward his own.
Sherlock reached under his waistcoat and drew out the weapon. Balancing it for a moment on his palm, he berated himself for his carelessness. He had not thought that this new life would come at the cost of a remnant of his past. Silently, he set the pistol in front of the baron.
As if his cousin had remained silent, Sir Albert said, “I wanted your papa, but he refused me. I wanted you, but your father refused me. Sebastian could have won you with the help of his friend.”  He looked at Greg and chuckled. “But he made a muddle of that by giving Huillet the chance to play the hero.”
He scowled at her, but Molly did not look away. Why should she fear him? He would not deign to marry a mere minister’s daughter, for he had bragged to everyone - so John had heard - that he would gain more prestige for the Moran family by marrying well. John wished Sebastian would take himself to Town. He was a well-favored man with a fair fortune coming his way. Some Omegas there might be eager enough, especially at this late point in the Season, to buckle themselves to him. Then he would be out of John's life, and he could do… John wasn't sure what he wanted to do.
Sherlock’s chuckle was devoid of humor. “It appears we shall be getting married as soon as your father makes all the proper arrangements.”
“Other than deciding to call on Miss Donovan instead, no. He always has been the epitome of kindness.”  She took his hand and squeezed it. “Please stop fretting over this. Greg was kind to give me a look-in as he did. I realize we have long been friends, but I realize, too, that it would have been difficult because of the differences in his rank and mine. He is nephew to a baron, and I am a minister’s daughter.”
He was on the far side of the ballroom when he heard a familiar laugh from near the doorway. It was not loud or high-pitched, but it cut through the conversation to pierce his thoughts.
A hand clamped over his mouth. His eyes grew wide as he realized that the moonlight had betrayed him. It was not his sister by the wagon. This man was broader than any in his family… and he was not alone.
As John’s head turned toward him, Sherlock would have sworn someone had crept up behind him and forced the very breath out of him. He could barely think as he was enveloped in John’s soft gaze. The thought that filtered into his mind was of watching those eyes close as he offered up his lips to him. How much more he wanted now!
He had to be sure that Father never gave any true consideration to Sir Albert’s request. He would speak to him tonight though he must be aware of John’s dislike as he’d avoided Sir Albert each time he called.
“Because it was only yesterday that I had that conversation with him.  I told him the truth – that they were mine and I did not want to part with them.”
His efforts were in vain. John’s smile was brittle when his family came forward to congratulate them. Sherlock stepped back to give them a moment alone as a family and to let him observe how the baron reacted. Watson’s rage was gone. Instead relief seemed to surge through his father-in-law.
Even though she had lambasted him for his low attire, Lady Hudson’s stance as they walked together to the middle of the room dared anyone to so much as whisper about her escort. The rest of her family, save for young Harry, were waiting for them.
He smiled and shook his head. “And I told you that I will not bargain with an Omega for an Alpha’s pistol. You should not be handling such things.”
“I am an Alpha involved heart-deep with an Omega and with a cause. I cannot have both and I cannot decide between them.”  He threaded his fingers through Johns blonde hair. “I know I cannot leave you here unprotected.”
Molly stopped by a stone wall that wove an uneven path across the hillside as if it were a piece of thread abandoned by a playful kitten. “He does?”
John looked around. Where was Sherlock? He had been here only moments ago. Trying to keep his sigh silent, he guessed Sherlock had left while John was greeting Molly. “I am sure you will have a chance to see him somewhere along the bounds this morning.”
He focused on his hat, wishing the brim was large enough to have hidden an expression that must not be allowed to betray the truth.  Sherlock was supposed to leave on the morrow, but he still had not told John what excuse he had concocted. Were these soldiers meeting him? John knew he should ask Sherlock, but he didn’t really want to know. He must not be the one to speak the wrong word that would send Sherlock to hang.
“Is that an example of the welcome around this village?” Sherlock asked from the doorway of the morning room.
John noticed something moving near Mr. Holmes’ wagon. Who could it be? He almost chuckled when he saw moonlight on dark hair. Harry! It must be her. She’d not been able to hide her curiosity about what the peddler had in his cart. Even Father’s request that she wait until the morning to bargain with Mr. Holmes might not have been enough to keep Harry from poking around tonight.
“Impossible!” Sir Albert pointed a thick finger at his silent son. “Speak up, you useless excuse for an Alpha!”
John stared at Sherlock’s hand, but did not put his fingers on it as he rose. Molly’s commonsensical comments echoed through his head. Why was it so easy to accept that there could be nothing between them when he was not nearby? Standing close to Sherlock like this, John forgot the obligations of rank. All he wanted was to hear his laugh and discover the flavor of his lips.
Sherlock was not sure he had the strength to step away again, but he did. He would be gone soon. He could not make a jumble of John’s life by surrendering to this ecstasy. Without another word, he turned and walked away.
Sebastian’s lips clamped painfully over John’s. Trying to turn from him was impossible. His mouth slid across John’s cheek as his hands moved down from his waist.
His gaze went again to Sherlock. To him, John owed the greatest apology. In order to save himself from a horrifying life with Sebastian Moran, he was ruining Sherlock’s.  Sherlock had every reason to despise John. Maybe that was why he’d been avoiding John. He had wanted to savor his last few hours of freedom.
The stone house was almost invisible, as gray as the sky. A broken plow was set next to a ragged stump. Two buckets, one of them missing slats, waited next to the well that was edged with moss. He ran to the front door as a double bolt of lightning lit up the sky.
John placed his comb on the table beside the window. He then opened the window to allow in the fresh air from the garden, but none of the luscious scents could ease his despair at how much easier it was to speak of Sherlock and himself as lovers than to own to the uneven state of his heart. “I am being honest when I say that love is not why Sherlock decided to agree to marry me.”
John smiled when Sherlock put an arm around his shoulders as they laughed together over Molly’s story of her father’s nervousness in anticipation of the blessing of the fishing fleet. Last year, a storm had blown up just as he was being rowed out to the boats, and he had been swamped and had had to swim back to shore.
I feel as if I owe everyone an explanation for the long delay in posting. And then I remember that no one cares about my life drama, lol. Just get to the damn chapter.
Lightning seared him when Sherlock’s gazed explored his face with tender yearning. When his hands caressed his shoulders, outlining their curves with warmth, he started to pull away. But Sherlock’s hands tightened.
“Step aside,” Harry was saying, her face pale with confusion. John could not blame her for being baffled when he himself could not even guess how this afternoon had exploded with every emotion from contentment to anger and then had become a disaster.
John stared in disbelief at Greg as he remembered Sherlock saying there were rumored to be people in this area who wanted to put an end to the war by negotiating a treaty with the French.  They were willing to cede all of Europe to Napoleon in exchange for a promise that England was sacrosanct.
“Your father needs to put an end to those smugglers.” Molly scowled. “If they become any bolder, they’re going to be asking to be appointed to the village council.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock answered as he sat beside John and across from his father. John did not doubt that he meant far more than the two simple words usually conveyed.
Sebastian recoiled from John's sharp tone, and Molly put her hands to her lips to conceal a giggle. Sebastian included Molly in his scowl as he said, “You do not need to snap at me like an old tough. “
Mr. Holmes grimaced as he glanced at his arm. “My hands are a bit full at the moment, Mr. Watson, although I appreciate the thought.”
As they walked to where the thin grass had been beaten into the ground by the dancing, Sherlock said, “Harry may think I understand her, John, but you do not understand me.”
John looked at the gray block that made up Watson Hall. It was not elegant or grand and it called to mind its early days as a fortress. It was built to weather storms off the Channel and repel anyone who dared try to take it from the Watson family. He could not imagine living anywhere else.
. How he would love to wrap himself around his sensual man, but to do so would bring John more sorrow. He could not forget that he would soon be leaving this village.
“As if I’ve been run over by a wagon.” His laugh was gentle. “Actually, better than you look, Mr. Watson.”
. She puts up with all my personal drama while directing me in how to not make stupid mistakes, and above all, is always a kind and supportive friend.
“You are right,” Sherlock said quietly, then he smiled at Aunt Hudson. “And it would behoove me to discover what other hamlets are in this area. Some of them might be eager for a visit from a traveling merchant.”
The captain, who wore a cloak tossed back over one shoulder to reveal his epaulets, spoke so lowly that his whisper was lost beneath the drips of water coming through the thin thatch of the roof. His men nodded, so intent on his words that they had not looked up.
Sebastian flushed, the ruddiness visible even beneath his sun-darkened skin. He shot a vengeful glare at John. “I do not want him when he has been letting that lowborn peddler tumble him.”
When Greg smiled, John gasped, “But I thought you had changed your mind about the Morans. I thought you liked them.”
With a shout, John struggled to break free. It was as useless as trying to move Watson Hall. The man was massive! Turning his face away, he evaded Moran’s mouth. Sir Albert dug his fingers into John as he forced his lips back toward his.
“Some folks don’t trust the government to take care of things for them, so they decide to take care of them themselves.”
Going into the small parlor, he was surprised that no one else was there. He glanced at the clock on the mantel and realized he was half an hour early for tea. In his determination to be certain no one noticed that he had been crying, he had misread the clock outside his room.
John stared at the friend whose words echoed so closely the question Sherlock had asked him the day after he arrived at Watson Hall. His answer was the same. “Because I must.”
John watched his own fingers settle on a palm that was rough from long days holding the reins and riding through weather of all sorts. Mr. Holmes fingers folded over his, but he said nothing as he assisted him into the cart. Waiting for John to settle himself, he swung up easily to sit next to him. His legs seemed too long for the short space and John shifted to give him more space.
Father blinked, then nodded. Lifting John’s hand off his arm, he placed it in Sherlock’s hand. John thought his father would say something to them, but he stepped back.
John tried to smile, too, but he could not. Odd that Father had heard of these rumors, yet had not cautioned any of them. Mayhap he had reason to believe that Mr. Anderson had been confused about what he had seen.
This interruption had come at a bad time because he had let himself get swept up into the story, but he could not restrain his curiosity about who was speaking to the baron in such authoritative tones.
“Have you heard, John?” Molly rushed up to John as soon as he entered the parsonage to leave his family’s three baskets of food with the others brought for the outing after the blessing of the fishing fleet.
His voice sounded strangled in his ears, but he managed to say, “Do not think me less than grateful for what you did, Sherlock, for I know you saved my life, but it is that very type of heroic gesture that Harry sees herself making in an effort to save England from Napoleon’s invasion.”
, I have been itching to do that since he was so nasty to Father when you and Sherlock were married.”
“His real name is Sherlock.” Or was it?  John had simply assumed that Sherlock was his real first name, even though he had heard his men call him Captain Huillet.  He had not denied that his name was Sherlock, but he was no longer sure when the line now was between the truth and myriad jumble of lies.  He must ask him to be honest with him about that when Sherlock returned.  It should be the first thing John did, even though his lips ached for Sherlock’s upon them.
“That is what Reverend Hooper told me and your father. He seemed certain we would be pleased.”  He drew John down to sit beside him on the grass.  “Why do you look so distressed.”
“If I had been a good Omega, never questioning why you married me and why I love you when you hid so much from me, you would never have needed to reveal any of this. You could have gone on betraying my father and his friends” – his voice broke as he added – “and me.”
His voice lowered to a husky whisper that stirred through John. “Very serious, John. For better or for worse, until death do us part.”
His father did not look at him as he growled, “We made you welcome in our home when you were injured. Is this how you repay our hospitality? By seducing John?”
Harry had sworn him to secrecy this morning before she’d told him of her plans to run off and join the army.  Her alpha face flushed with pride, she failed to notice the pain that painted his.  His dearest childhood dream, now being realized by his sister, had been dashed at the tender age of 14 as his body rebelled and forced him into the first heat of a new omega.
John gasped again, this time in delight at the sweetness flowing through him. He found himself gazing up into Sherlock’s eyes, captured like a rabbit by a sly fox. John’s eyes closed as he leaned toward him, longing to know the fiery power of the passion ablaze in his eyes. When Sherlock did not lower his mouth John’s, his hands paused as he was lifting them to be wrapped around Sherlock’s shoulders.
When he heard a gentle thump, he stared at the small door that had popped open in the side of the wagon. He saw only a flash of steel and some green wool wrapped around some papers before Sherlock slapped it closed.
John guessed that he and Molly were somewhere nearer to the leaders than those who had dropped their pace to a stroll, because they matched their steps to the pace of Molly’s words, which showed no sign of slowing down until he had chanced to mention Greg.
“Not the silk, no, but the white?” She smiled. “You must love him dearly, John, to go through this charade to keep him from leaving.”
“Don’t lather me with out-and-outers, child. I recognize that guilty expression. Your father always wore it when he was up to no good. Your grandfather, too, and his father. Must be some sort of strain of unremitting honesty in the Watson line.” She patted Harry on the cheek, then her eyes, as blue as John’s turned toward Sherlock.
Greg rubbed his hands together between his knees. “I did not handle that situation well, I am afraid.”
He pounded on the wood; then, when he got no answer, he peeked through the window. Was someone moving in there?
Sherlock smiled.  “If you are worried, I could send for Harry to guard you. Sir Albert must have learned by now who laid him low with such ease.”
A man poked his head into the carriage.  When he pushed back the floppy brim of his rain-soaked hat, John gasped again, “Sir Albert!”
“From what your father said during a conversation we had earlier today, I suspect he has a few ideas of his own to welcome the French here.”
“That, mayhap, Holmes didn’t understand what he was doing?” Sebastian chortled and slapped his thigh.
Sherlock chuckled under his breath. “He seems to be suffering seriously from a case of unrequited love.”
“As I do, but you must have heard the rumor that a boatload of the accursed Frogs was seen just off the spit.”
He turned and aimed across the field. John gasped when, holding the pistol in his left hand, Sherlock fired and bark danced away from the tree trunk.
He whirled at the voice that was so much deeper than Molly’s. Unable to halt the shudders that raced down his back, he forced a smile for Sebastian Moran. Beside John, Molly tensed. His bosom-bow loathed Sebastian and made no secret of it.
Sherlock did not release his hand, and John did not draw it away. Sometime in the last week, John had accepted that he was as much of an air-dreamer as Harry, but, for this moment, when the mist still jeweled the tops of the trees, he wanted to delight in this simple, but forbidden, pleasure of Sherlock’s fingers enclosing his.
When the dance ended, he edged back as Harry offered to stand up with her aunt. No one spoke to him as he made his way through the crowd and out onto the terrace.
Sherlock gripped John’s shoulders, pulling him to his feet and away from his bed. “My dear husband, I recall that it was for your convenience, or at least the convenience of your reputation, that we wed.”
“They were chased off before I could be hurt worse.” For some reason, he didn’t mention Sherlock’s part in rescuing him. John had never been reticent with his friend before, but now something kept him from adding more.
But he would do something, because if he, as an Omega, couldn’t go, he definitely wasn’t going to send his 17 year old sister off to die.
Mr. Anderson’s house was not far away. He would seek shelter there. Tugging his collar upward, he dashed through the trees.
“It’s better than when I was remembered.” Harry rubbed her backside. “Then we had to lean over each boundary stone and have its location imprinted with a stick.”
“I believe I have learned enough over the years to find my way on my own.” She turned to greet Greg and his partner.
“John,” Sherlock murmured, using his given name with an ease that suggested he used it often, “you need have no fear that you have told me something that will undermine your father’s efforts to protect his family and village. I have traveled far through England, and I have seen similar preparations in every coastal town that faces the continent. It would be more of a surprise if he were not so vigilant.”
John looked expectantly at Sherlock. This was his last opportunity to tell the truth, but he acted as if he had no qualms about this mockery of a marriage. Maybe he truly was mad.  Had he traded a life with Sebastian for a life with a madman? Glancing at Sherlock’s fine clothes, John shivered. Or did he have another reason for agreeing to wed John. A peddler should not aspire to mate a baron’s child, but John was more and more sure that Sherlock was no more a peddler than John was. Sherlock had some reason for behaving as he did. John just wished he had some idea what it might be.
Sherlock picked one of the blossoms. As he stood, he handed it to John. He placed the flower in his button hole.
“And you still seldom answer any of them.” He chuckled as he looked around. “I will know these woods intimately by the time we are done with this tramp through them.”
Before he had a chance to greet Miss Donovan, Harry burst out of the darkness, skidding to a halt. She almost tripped over an uneven stone, but Sherlock caught her before she could fall face-first onto the terrace.
Guilt pierced Sherlock, startling him anew. He had forgotten about hat emotion in recent months… until John had come into his life and made him feel many things he had not thought he would experience again. Sherlock had not guessed he would be fighting a battle
John drew his hand out of Sebastian’s and went to the door. “Father is grateful that Mr. Holmes saved my life last night.”
“Let him go,” Mr. Donovan ordered as some of the men turned to follow Sir Albert and his uninjured crony.  “Good riddance. If we need him, we can get him.”  He walked through the mud to stand in front of John. “But I don’t think we’ll be needing Sir Albert, for I believe, as I told you earlier, Greg, that your cousin has much of the information we have been lacking.  Mayhap we should thank Sir Albert for persuading
Coming to his feet, he gave his younger sister a kiss on the cheek, always surprised at how much taller she’d grown in the past year. He held a hand out to Greg and smiled. Both Alpha’s more closely resembled his father’s side of the family. John, on the other hand, was the spitting image of his Omega papa. Greg gave him a kiss on the cheek. “You look quite aglow this evening, my dear cousin. Can it be that you expect a visit from an ardent suitor?”
The rattle of a carriage announced an arrival. John looked out the other window and swallowed his moan of dismay. It was Reverend Hooper’s pony cart. The special license must have been delivered, and Father had sent for the minister to marry him and Sherlock.
Standing, Sherlock stretched luxuriously before reaching for the buttons on his shirt. “Jealous, John?”
It is not right that one man should laugh at another’s misfortune.” Her lips twitched. “Or for one’s
He ran his fingers along John’s cheek, then down his neck. When they brushed the curve of John’s throat where it met his collar, John’s hand rose to his. Not to push his questing fingers away, but to keep them against him.
“Cut the wedding cake, my child.” She chuckled. “Or what is left of it, at any rate, so we may all enjoy some of Cook’s best frosting.”
Looking away, John tried to force back the tears which threatened when he whispered, “No, Sherlock, do not tell me the truth now. Let me believe the lie that you cared for me.”
“Not yet.” Sherlock crossed the room. Taking John’s hands, he bent toward him as if to kiss him. “Have you?” he murmured.
John squeezed her hand. “I am enjoying this day, and I am glad you are coming to the ball tonight. We shall have a grand time.”
John stiffened and his hands gripped the edge of the wagon.  The peddler stood too close, his words brushing the nape of John’s neck. When he reached past him and pushed aside the material in the dish box, John edged away. He faced him, and he hoped his smile was properly polite.
“He is not happy.” She gave him a quick grin. “But he is not as upset as he was. He lectured me for a full hour.”
Sherlock focuses on John's face. Those corn blue eyes he couldn't believe held so much love for him.
John halted, wanting to believe he had truly heard pain in Sherlock’s voice. Hands on his shoulders slowly turned him to face Sherlock.
John’s smile faded. No doubt, Auntie believed she had more reason to complain today than even Mrs. James. “That is quite a change.”
Greg grinned at John, “I shall get married one day. If I want to be prepared, I have to keep my eyes open now to learn from the mistakes of others.”
Shrugging off his coat, he entered the bedchamber that was no longer a comfortable retreat, for Sherlock had invaded every aspect of it – his dressing room, his favorite chair, his small collection of treasured books. Every aspect, save for his bed.
“Will give us wide berth. They do not want to be discovered by accident when we are on the lookout for the French to come ashore again. Sherlock has the instincts he learned while traveling through England to help him guide his patrol.”
Lady Hudson held out her vein-lined hand. “I am Martha Hudson, young man. You will call me Auntie, as the others do.  Do I make myself clear?”
John bit his lower lip as he stared at Mr. Holmes right arm, which hung at an impossible angle.  Damn the smugglers and their fingers that tried to lay claim to anything of value. They were almost as bad as their French allies. Worse, maybe, because they betrayed the law for the weight of gold in their pockets.
“Once I am sure the brake will hold the wagon, I will be on my way. It will be good for me to get back to my own life.”
“There are refreshments for everyone in the morning room.” Aunt Hudson waved all the witnesses, shooing them out of the chapel like a farm Omega shooing their chickens.
“Now you can see why I usually walk.  It’s a bit cramped and what isn’t already broken is threatening to break at any moment.” Mr. Holmes said with a laugh.
The rattle of wheels coming along the road brought an expression of dismay from Harry, warning Sherlock that someone she did not want to see her shooting was coming toward them. Turning he saw John driving toward them in a small cart. With him was a silver-haired woman who must be his great-aunt.
Sherlock folded his arms in front of him again, and John noticed his wince. How many more ways could he cause Sherlock pain? His face was somber. “John has no wish to shame you or his family, my lord.”
She pulled her silvery shawl more tightly over her dark gown. “Don’t waste your flummery on me, young man, when it is quite clear by your expression that you have your mind on someone else, much younger and more attractive to a lad like you, I would think. Are you ready to dance?”
“I look forward to speaking with Miss Hooper at the church gathering.” Greg hesitated, then asked, “Will you help me speak with her there?”
The ringing on the phone matched the rhythm with John’s heart as he waited for the person on the other end to pick up the call. After a few seconds, some one did pick up the call.
"Oh, you don't trust me? I can prove it to you. Let's finish you off first shall we?" Damn this lady, always reading minds.
If Eurus sensed his growing jealousy and possessiveness, she did not mention it. She just smiled and replied "I'm fine, brother. Thank you. I'm sure you're too."
John and Sherlock go to the bedroom just the moment. Eurus, on the other hand, leaves to go to the kitchen.
“Just..just cut the crap alright? And I mean it. Leave Donovan alone. And Rosie? I want her back safe and sound. Do you understand?”, John could hardly contain the rage boiling inside his very soul.
John opened his mouth to speak something when he heard some disturbance on the other end and then he heard the baritone , the same one which used to cause butterflies in his stomach when used to deduce someone.
"Well, John I did warn you. And dear brother, I have a proposition for you. The agreement is simple. I will let you have John, that is I am willing to share him with you, if you give me your word that you won't let John escape us. You do know Sherlock, if we focus on our rivalry, you would surely loose and I would loose my valuable time which I could have used to spend with my John instead, and possibly John could find his escape whilst we two keep fighting the senseless war. Instead, let's call truce and share him. We both love and desire him equally and our power together will ensure that we do not loose our precious which could have us naturally devastated."
When Sherlock was confident that John was no longer conscious, he shifted himself closer to him, spooning the small stocky man. He had scrutinized John umpteenth times, since the day he met him at St.Bart's but now he wanted more. He hoisted himself onto his side, lifted his left arm and rested his fingertips on John's biceps. Once settled, he started moving his fingers, caressing the man's skin, feeling each and every vein which protruded outwards. John had removed his jumper when he came home and his undershirt had small sleeves, showcasing the muscular hands. He was small, five seven is not a very impressive height, but his body spoke volumes. A soldier that he was, he had a mostly fit body, sinewy at the best of places but some pudge a bit here and there.
It looks as if this just instigates Sherlock to prove his point and the thrusts go erratic and rough. The sound of skin on skin is outright vulgar adding to the lewd noises Sherlock made. Not to forget, the lack of lube is making John's skin chafe with excruciating pain. But it was within his realm, he was trained to handle physical pain, although what follows it...is preposterous.
"What the fuck is going on? You know what? I'm sick of this. All of this. Would someone tell me what's the matter here?!" John is loosing his cool.
This was the very woman with whom he almost cheated on Mary. And you see? Now they are moving in together! What can be worse?
"Ugh, you're such a shame to our family name, really. John has been on a bird-hunting spree since a couple of weeks, and has been setting dates with a woman who unfortunately shows equal interest. He's been taking leaves at the surgery lately to meet her. I mentioned earlier that I was keeping a watchful eye on John from Sherrinford and I wasn't joking."
Mycroft sighs. "Eurus is not wrong Sherlock. And if Gods forbid, Mrs. Hudson realises something's amiss or tries to help John escape, I wouldn't put it past Eurus to dump her body somewhere "
"This wouldn't have happened if you had taken care of the pill dosage and the pick locks but I do not have time to waste bickering with you. John is of prime importance. So, he does not have a wallet and would not risk asking another person for a phone. He can't take a taxi and would not be too far."
as you put it, in this room? At least I'm not acting like a two faced swindler lying blatantly in the face of my 'best friend' Sherlock."
“John I…” He started but then the cold unrelenting voice was back. “Quite right. You see, there are going to be three levels to this game. At the end of each one, you get to save one life.”
Perhaps Sherlock was experiencing his own twisted sort of post coital afterglow, John figured ,which dimmed Sherlock's intuitive skills.
Speaking of which, she turns to look at Sherlock and gets the answer she had undoubtedly anticipated. She moves to glare and John again. "John, you're under a huge misconception. Look at him, John. Is he really disgusted? I think he is delighted by how pretty you look when debauched, if one goes by the bulge in his trousers." Eurus cocks up an eyebrow and wriggles it in direction of Sherlock clearly suggesting John to have a look himself.
When the porcelain skinned man realises he was about to come, he immediately jolts his right hand to pump John's cock and it's just three hard strokes rhymed with three thrusts to the prostate as both of them come, the bottom man spurting white streams on his chest (again) whilst Sherlock ejaculates inside John - wet, warm and sticky.
So then they begin. The first few rounds are rather plain, discussing truths about their habits leaving Eurus and Sherlock bickering a few of the times. And then-
Eurus gave a choked laugh. Neither of them uttered a word for the next couple of minutes. Mycroft had tried almost everything and was now at a complete loss of ideas as to what could possibly make Eurus help him deduce important intel on the next potential bomb blast. There was an uncomfortable silence for a while and then all of a sudden-
John's penis, already semi hard from the classic frottage he just received, jutted out rather obscenely. Oh seven gods, this was utterly humiliating. Being exposed like this, naked, bound, in front of a woman planning to rape him and a man who was his only best friend. He was a father for God's sake! But no, here he was, pinned underneath a woman who plans on ravishing him like he was some fuckboy.
Sherlock is seemingly staring daggers at her, which makes John give a slight shiver. Sherlock is agitated by how this night is unfolding. He should have known. He acted on impulse and almost forgot that Eurus existed in the house and wouldn't back away so easily. John is a hard win when Eurus is an opponent and when you play chess, you predict the other's move first, but clearly Sherlock missed his and now his king is in check.
"I'm sure its just a phase. Given time, things will settle. Don't misunderstand me. I bloody well want to teach that dickhead a lesson, and I bloody well will, but I don't want to him to get genuinely hurt. God, its hard to explain."
"John, this is just temporary, calm down dear. I need to unbound you and check your wrists and ankles for any damage, not to mention your anus." Sherlock smiles sheepishly at the last word which makes John want to punch his smug face. "Besides, there are some matters I have to address now that we have made our relationship official, and I need to make sure you don't run away from the flat in my absence", he says matter-of-factly.
Mycroft processed this. If he allowed Eurus to move into 221B, he could possibly use Eurus' intellect anytime the British government faced a problem. If Eurus' past behavior is taken into consideration, it was quite certain that she was more on the psychopathic side. Since childhood, whatever thing she thought was hers, she took it without a single second thought. She was obsessive, possessive of her things, her feelings. But this had always been about objects and never
"No listen Sally! What I would tell you now, you may not believe me, but trust me when I say that I thought only you could be a good ally right now, given that you were the one to give me the warning on the day we met."
“Well, hello darling.”, it was Eurus. “It’s so good to hear your voice, seems like it has been ages.” The voice sounded too cheerful which only made John more peeved than anything.
"My dear John, don't hold it, just let it out. I know it's soothing, and I promise I'll take care of you always, moan for me please."
his guts. He knew he had a dark side which prompted him to take what he deemed his own, then and there, but he controlled his urges.
"I don't know! He came to me and I tried to calm him down but he left before I could make any sense of it."
Sherlock considered this and looked at John. Sherlock didn't give two shits about good deeds but having Eurus would surely give him adrenaline rushes and they could have genius conversations at times. But if that meant John was at stake, then it was a complete no brainer that Sherlock would refuse.
John jerked against the ropes, securely tied to the bed but his struggle was futile at it's best, considering his confusingly debilitated body. Well, he didn't need to be a detective to deduce that he was drugged, a diluted sedative, given via injection on the neck, once his brain cleared and focused to unfold the dramatic diegesis. He turned to Eurus again.
"You do know that I am perfectly capable of having them murdered from these prison walls as well. All I want is to go and live at Baker Street. With them, with
Mycroft shrugs, bids his farewell and leaves without uttering another word. Sherlock is left furious and John is perplexed.
He was a soldier, a celebrated one at that.  It's not often, but he relishes reminiscing his days back in Afghanistan (and Syria before he had to shift bases), when he was known for his stoic comportment. Soldiers, medics, civilians. All of them admired John for he was man of profound prudence and for his sincere dedication at saving human lives, irrespective of his own safeguard. In retrospect, the life was less compromising. But this was before he was shot and invalided home of course. At returning to London, he had almost lost every purpose of existence.
was how could he have deprived himself of John all this while?  His John. John's invigorating touch, his salacious moans, his red and hot yet lovely face, his little compact yet admirable physique, just his complete self. He would never say it, but he is grateful to Eurus to at least encourage him into making his move, no matter how his sister manipulated the circumstances.
"No, please continue. I don't see why me liking it or not matters to you. Just fuck me and get it done with. I'm tired and want to go to sleep." Funnily, John is not tired, he's a lot of emotions right now, but he won't show it. The man's pretending to be resigned to turn Sherlock off. He has stayed with the detective long enough to know that the he will get bored like this and leave John to peace if he acts indifferent.
"Aahh, that's doable.", Mycroft seconds. Funny how the Holmes siblings tend to understand each other without even speaking and yet cannot stand each other for too long.
As their voices faded, John was surprised when his father took his hand. He peeled John’s fingers back from the fist he had formed again without realizing it. Patting his hand, Father smiled.
John faltered when he saw some motion through the storm. Was someone else seeking shelter in the barn? At least, it would give him someone to commiserate with while he waited for the storm to pass so he could go back to Watson Hall and change into dry clothes.
His tongue coursed along John’s ear before he murmured, “I do not want to hurry away from you, sweetheart, but I want you safe behind the walls of Watson Hall before I leave.”
John bit his lip and brushed rain off his cheeks. His hat was soaked now and could not keep the water from his face. “You’re right.  He has not always been a peddler.”  He must tell them something, and this they already guessed.
Tears rolled thickly into his eyes as an ache in his chest warned that his fear had clamped around his heart. His heart that longed to belong to Sherlock.
Greg started to follow with Miss Donovan in tow, still bemoaning her apprehension, then turned and glanced at John. He did not speak, but there was no need.
John sat by his bedroom window and watched the fog swirl as if being painted across the downs by a madman’s brush. From below, he heard the clang of the clock in the foyer. It was two hours past midnight. Father had assured him that Sherlock would be home before midnight. When Harry had come home, more than an hour ago, she had told him that Sherlock wanted to check the stables and should be in straightaway.
John faltered, wanting to despise Sherlock, but also longing to draw his head down against his chest as he whispered to him that the nightmare was over. “I had no idea.”
John understood what Sherlock could not say in the other’s hearing. His weak shoulder frustrated him.
Sherlock glanced at the fruit punch sitting on the table. With a curse, he walked past it. Donovan must keep something stronger elsewhere in the house. If so, Sherlock would find it. Maybe a bottle a wine would erode away this craving. He doubted it, but he intended to find out before he did something truly foolish.
That was why John should not have been startled when he was summoned to Aunt Hudson’s bright blue reception room to find Sherlock there, chatting with his great-aunt as if they were the best of friends. Sherlock had rid himself of the sling, but John noticed that each move with his right arm was cautious. It was apparently still bothering him. He was a bit astonished to discover Sherlock there, but not as amazed as he was to see Greg sitting on the gold settee beside Sherlock. John had seen his cousin even less during this fortnight than he had Sherlock, for Greg had developed a habit of dining with the Donovans.
“It shall be a long time before I again have the opportunity to attend a ball at a baron’s country seat.” Sherlock smiled as he leaned back against the stone railing at the edge of the terrace. “I must own to being surprised that these folks have so much energy for dancing after spending the day beating the bounds.”
Instead of kissing him, Sherlock sat, his back to John. John reached out to touch his back, but halted his fingers when Sherlock said, “I have had a long day, dear mate. Why don’t you go to bed so I can sleep?”
“That I was out plotting mischief?”  He shook his head. “I had more problems than I could handle without adding more.  It would have been so much easier if you were a shrew who hounded me with dozens of demands.”
He was astonished to see John partnered by his father, then realized he had not seen Moran arrive. “Where is John’s eager
“That you truly prefer a Moran to a penniless peddler.” He gripped John’s chin, pushing his face back so his mouth was beneath his.
"Sherlock?" His attention has wandered. He refocuses on those loving eyes.  "Sherlock, do you know where you are?"
John was so surprised at how simple it was to avoid Sherlock in the corridors of Watson Hall. Or mayhap Sherlock was avoiding him, for, save for meals, John seldom saw him during the fortnight after his visit to the village. As the pain in Sherlock’s arm diminished, he was often outside, coaching Harry in shooting or talking to the stable hands or in the garden, hunched down next to the gardeners as he engaged the men in conversation. John saw him deep in discussion with his father and heard that Aunt Hudson had invited him to have tea with her twice in the past two weeks.
Sherlock did the same, though he was sure his expression resembled a grimace. He had met Donovan before, although he had not realized it until now. That bass voice was certainly recognizable, though Sherlock hoped his own was less distinctive having not met the man face to face despite having spoken.
“Not overtly, at first, but Harry could use some overseeing on her patrols. She respects Sherlock. It will work out well.” Father smiled. “After all, John, if you trust Sherlock enough to give him your heart, I can trust him enough to keep track of your rambunctious younger sister while we guard the shore from invasion.”
His lungs fill with oxygen and for the first time he registers the plastic tube invading his mouth and throat. He gags and tries to reach for the tube.
John wondered why Greg would not meet his eyes. Mayhap it was no more than guilt.  Guilty he should be, for he had persuaded Molly to believe his affection for her was sincere.  Then…
John came down the stairs, looking at the list Mrs. Carson had given him that afternoon.  Some of the things must be ordered from London because the shops in the village did not have the fabrics that were necessary for the new coats for his father and the other Alphas. He sighed when he saw that Mrs. Carson and Auntie had included enough fabric for a coat for Sherlock, too.  John didn’t know if he would return here to wear it.
John nodded, although he would have preferred to ask him to explain himself.  The brangle now going on between Lady Hudson and Harry had no place for him, because neither of them would listen to him when they were in such a pelter.
His heart thumped in terror with every sound.  He feared Greg would hear its frantic beat when he glanced at him as he sat across from him and said, “You are skittish today, John.”
“I thought listening to her insults about my lack of virtue were less intolerable than being struck by lightning.” John wished he could ease his aunt’s concern, for he had forgotten until now Mrs. James behavior at the gathering. Sir Albert’s even more outrageous actions had pushed it completely out of his head. He could not say that because the truth would distress Aunt Hudson more.
“Captain Huillet, you have an English husband?” Sergeant LaVelle asked; then he laughed as his gaze raked John again. “But what Alpha is interested in politics when he has an Omega as fair as this one?”
“But you must,” Sherlock’s smile grew cold, “If you do not marry me today, I suspect you will be marrying Moran tomorrow.”
“Yes, I should.”  His arm tightened around John’s waist, pulling him up against Sherlock’s chest. Even in the dim light, his eyes glowed like twin stars, teasing John to whisper a wish on that starlight and then letting him make it come true. “I am not Sebastian Moran,” Sherlock whispered. “You do not need to be frightened of me.”
With the emphasis he put on his name, John knew that Mr. Donovan shared Sir Albert’s mistaken belief that his marriage was not valid.  Or was it a mistaken belief?  He had not checked the marriage license, but it could not have had Huillet written on it.  Perhaps that was was why Sherlock had been so sure their marriage could be annulled.  As he thought about the rapture of the kisses they had shared at the blessing of the fleet, he realized neither of them had mentioned anything about the annulment, wanting only to savor the few hours they had together.
A roar of voices came from the ballroom. John looked past his family to see that the dancing had halted. The Omegas still stood in the middle of the floor, but the Alphas had come together to huddle in anxious conversation. Word of the escape must have reached the dancers. The orchestra might as well put away their instruments. No one would return to dancing tonight.
“And what of yours? Was your walk in the woods with Holmes during the beating of the bounds a part of your usual
His cousin’s question had given him the moment he needed to hide his reaction. Somehow, Sir Albert had learned the truth about Sherlock. Or had he?  Mayhap he was just guessing. He would not betray Sherlock now by conjecturing wrong.
“Enough!” shouted Watson. He elbowed Sebastian aside and reached for the shotgun a footman held out to him. “My son warned you if you came back here without your manners, he would see your backside filled with buckshot. It will be my pleasure to do so, if you do not take your leave at once.”
Suddenly all pleasure at seeing the peddler’s wagon vanished. He wanted to be alone to figure out a way to keep Harry from getting herself killed and to halt his father from listening to Sir Albert.
“Mrs. James?” John chuckled in spite of his disquiet at the strain in his bosom-bow’s voice. “I trust she will keep Auntie busy for hours with her list of ailments.”
“My name is Sherlock.  Sherlock Holmes.” His laugh took on a conspiratorial tone. “If you do not wish to buy the tea, perhaps you could give me the name of another in your household who would?”
It did not take long for John to find his cousin in the crowd, because he stood right next to Sherlock.  His heart always seemed to lead back to his husband. He hoped Sherlock's would someday lead him back to John.
He saw his shock mirrored on Harry’s face, but he did not want to bicker here in the foyer.  Something was bothering Greg, and he would get no answer from him until they were in the carriage.  John knew his cousin too well to believe that either he or Harry or the two of them combined could wheedle anything from him before he was ready to speak.
He had thought he had given up any illusions of being a gentleman, but here he was ready to leap to John’s defense again. Hadn’t he learned anything after last night? The pain from his arm should keep his head clear, but he seemed to be having trouble thinking clearly about John because images of his beguiling smile muddled up his mind.
Greg stared at him, opening his mouth once, then closing it. He took a deep breath that raised and lowered his shoulders slowly before saying, “You said Sherlock is not marrying you because he loves you, but do you love him, John?”
John faltered at the obvious trust in his father’s voice. He should tell him, but John was caught by Sherlock’s gaze and knew he could not speak the words that would damn him.  He might hate the soldier Sherlock was, but he loved the man who’d saved him from a horrible life with the Morans.
Sherlock grinned. “A good peddler always has every kind of gewgaw on his wagon, even things he could not imagine needing himself.”
“Sherlock, help me put a stop to this!” John whispered. “We cannot get married because of Sebastian’s tapestry of lies. He invented them to cover his own disbelief that I would not be thrilled to mate with him.”
“Then speak with me, Moran,” Sherlock said calmly as he came to his feet. “What do you want to say to me before I tell you what I have to say to you?”
Sherlock came around the chair between them. With his hand on the back of it, less than a finger’s breadth from John’s, he met John’s gaze without compromise. “I know you do not know me, Mr. Watson, but I have done nothing to convince you that I would send a young Alpha into the maw of war.”
“To wash you off, Sir Albert,” he jeered. “If you’re going to act like a child, that’s how you should be treated.”
“I have, on occasion, done my hawking in London, although I find the streets too close.” He laughed again. “And I find the competition too fierce. I prefer to spend my time walking these country lanes instead of selling from a stand pad in the city.”
The soldier cursed and pushed John away from him. John simply stared. As if in the midst of an appalling dream, he took a step toward Sherlock, who was dressed in a French officer’s uniform. Looking from one face to the next, he saw the Frenchmen were as shocked as he was.
The peddler smiled, lines creasing the corners of his eyes. “Are you certain?”  John’s cool answer not tempering him in the slightest.  “How can you be so certain, kind sir, when you’ve barely glanced at my wares?”  There was a pause as his grin widened. “It would be my pleasure to show you anything you like.”
Hey look!  Two in a row.  Only one left. Unbetad so again, all mistakes are mine.  Feel free to point out glaring ones.
“What do you think?” The peddler asked, dropping a small tin into his hands. “Might this appeal to the Omega son of Lord Watson?”
“Not from you!” John pushed him away. Scrambling to his feet, he glowered at Sebastian when he caught his arm again. “Shall we see what
Ignoring their previous conversation, Sebastian said to John, “Of course, I came to the beating of the bounds. It is important that the ton recall their duties.”
"Love," he pauses and clears his throat again. "There was an accident on the way to Lestrade's crime scene. A lorry ran a light and hit the cab you were riding in. The cab driver was killed and you were thrown from the cab."
“I don’t know. I was not sure it was him until just before my fist found his chin.”  She grimaced. “He has a dashed hard chin. Maybe if his head were not so blasted hard, he would not be so bacon-brained and would accept that you and Sherlock are married forever and ever.”
Setting the bucket on the ground, Mr. Holmes said, “There is still a matter to be settled between us, Mr. Watson.”
“All right.” John handed Sherlock the bottle and reached for the crystal goblets. Keeping his eyes on the cider as he poured it was easier than meeting the amusement he was sure would be in Sherlock’s gaze. Or worse, John would see the desire which had taunted him into ceding himself to passion.  A quiver raced through him, warning how feeble his defenses were against the longing Sherlock instilled in him just by standing so close.
“With help from the smugglers?” Sebastian laughed when John gasped. “John, you should know nothing stays quiet in this village.”
John motioned toward the house, hoping he could convince Moran to leave the garden before he destroyed all of Miss Donovan’s flowers. “Why don’t we -?”
"Le... " He cleared his throat." Lestrade, let me know if your buffoons are unable to put together the obvious scene in front of them. I'll give you a statement tomorrow."
Sherlock raised John’s left hand and pressed his lips to the gold band on his finger. “He is my husband.”
“So you thought you could forget about marriage? Mating? I thank heavens that your papa is not here to see this. What your aunt will think…” He shook his head.
He took the straw and tossed it onto the windowsill. “I was not far from Mr. Anderson’s house when the storm started. He was not home, so I considered seeking shelter in his barn. I swear there was as much water coming through the roof as through the trees.”
Why bother when it would mean his certain death should anyone else discover the truth of Sherlock’s true allegiance. As well, he had no guarantees that John himself would not turn him in.
“As am I.” John gave him a wry smile. “An annulment might not be so easy when we have acknowledged that we cuckolded the parson.”
Sherlock almost spoke the truth that he could not be in pain when John was touching him so sweetly. Yes, he was suffering an agony, but an agony caused by the urge to draw John into his arms and sample his lips.
“You ask to be treated like an adult,” Greg scowled, “but you can’t keep your mouth shut for more than a day.”
“Nonsense.”  She stretched forward to pat his right arm as if he were no older than Harry. “You shall still be with us by then, and you may be necessary to help me convince William that simply because Napoleon is being so beastly is no reason to cancel the beating of the bounds. It is too important to the shire to let a year pass without it. In addition, all the invitations to the ball that evening have gone out.”
He went to the window and stared at the blackening clouds stitched with white needles of lightning. This storm looked even more ferocious than the earlier one. He hoped Sherlock had better shelter than Mr. Anderson’s leaky barn.
“He should be. You will be the baron after Father, and marrying you would be an excellent match for his sister.”
“Bah! That’s your father speaking at his most pompous.”  Auntie laughed at John’s gasp of amazement. “Even he knows the truth has many shades other than black and white.” A frown flitted across her face. “Or he would if he stopped to think about it.”
“You know that Father keeps a few bottles deep in the cellar and brings them out for special occasions.”
“You are not cruel, Sherlock. You are…” A reluctant smile swept aside John’s fury, mellowing it to the familiar irritation when Sherlock’s warmth urged him to forgive once again. “You are infuriating!”
Everything was so clear in retrospect. Peddling was a perfect profession for a spy. Sherlock could wander into each village, appraise its defenses in case of an invasion, and learn the names of the village leaders while sharing what he pretended was news from beyond the town.
The cider splashed into his goblet as conversations resumed. Hearing Harry jesting with Greg, John tried to smile. He had almost succeeded when loud footsteps sounded on the floor beyond the morning room.
John pulled back as he heard triumph in Sebastian’s voice. Had he spoken his thoughts aloud? Faith, he had not realized… Seeing his smile become a scowl, he said, “Sebastian, no! Sherlock is not my lover. I was – “
Yes, he was. He wanted to be with Sherlock, where they would not be interrupted, so that he might know -just once- what it was like to be in Sherlock's strong arms as he kissed him.
The peddler bowed, then looked at Watson Hall, perched on the hill.  “Perhaps then, I might practice something else with you? I have only recently arrived in the area.  Traveling as I have, I’ve learned that what appeals to the people of one parish brings no pleasure to the people of the next.  Could you be so kind as to tell me which of my marvelous items might convince your neighbors to part with a few farthings?”
“What?” He pressed his lips closed to contain his laughter when he saw Sebastian’s rage. “Sebastian, he cannot drive his wagon with his shoulder wrenched as it is.”
John started to greet Sebastian, but Sherlock’s laugh halted him. Sherlock said, “You look better than I had guessed you would. Those spots must be pretty uncomfortable. Do they itch?”
“Marriage cup?” John repeated. When he looked at Sherlock, John saw sympathy in his eyes. Fury laced through him. Pity was not what he wanted from Sherlock Holmes. He realized, with a jolt of dismay, that he had no idea what he did expect from Sherlock… and from the life they must have together.
“I have no idea what you are talking about. Sherlock and I are legally married. You heard Reverend Hooper say so when you and Dudley burst into the wedding supper.”
Auntie herded Greg out of the room, chatting to him about Miss Donovan. His ears were blistering red as she asked some pointed questions about his plans.
John slowly came to his feet. Why had he never guessed? He’d seen the callers come and go. He’d noted how Father had been distinctly unlike himself after certain conversations. He appreciated Father’s task of finding him a good mate, but he hadn’t guessed that Father wouldn’t share any discussions of his future.
Her great-aunt focused a frown at her. “Don’t stand there snickering, child. Take me back to the house. The mail coach did not miss a single stone.”
John agreed as she watched his cousin motion for Miss Donovan to join them on the terrace. He’d thought Greg would offer his arm, as would be befitting a gentleman who had been calling so regularly on a young omega. Instead, he treated her with the polite indifference of a brother.
And Sherlock, who seemed to be enjoying the whole, leaned back on the settee, his left elbow balanced on the arm. His other hand rested on his knee. When John noted Sherlock’s fingers closing into a fist as Auntie spoke of following the old paths through the woods he stiffened. That slight motion was as unmistakable as a scream. Something about her words disturbed Sherlock. But what?
When Greg smiled, John stared at Andrew Donovan, who was signaling to the other men. He no longer resembled his quiet, kindly neighbor who kept so much to himself, for he carried two pistols, both of them aimed at Sir Albert.
“Not foxes, but the sly French.” Harry’s grin widened. “I cannot wait to cross the Channel to make them my targets.”
Harry raised her chin and glowered at her cousin. “I’ll say what I like. John deserves to know that Father told Sir Albert he would give him an answer within the fortnight.”
He watched John stand with a grace that only teased him to think of how handsome an Omega he was. Sherlock must not be waylaid from his work. “Mr. Watson, would you by chance be going near Mr. Jensen’s warehouse while you are in the village?”
John whispered, “Neither did I.”  He did not expect that this emptiness would ache in him when he had been so close to sampling Sherlock’s kiss and then been denied it.
John frowned at him, puzzled. Let him think Sherlock was concerned solely with salvaging John’s reputation from the muddle left by Moran’s jealousy. As the other guests swarmed toward them, he responded politely when he was introduced to each one. Sherlock took note of each name and of who stood beside whom, a skill as natural to him as breathing, but said little.
“By hell!” he growled when wine splattered down his shirt. “Be more careful. This is my best shirt.”
What had been a cluster of people at the beginning thinned as the day wore on and the miles wore off the determination to walk the full length of the bounds. Some lagged behind, while others rushed ahead to be done quickly so they could get ready for the evening’s entertainments at Watson Hall.
Harry leaned toward them. “I hope the authorities do not come to collect that Frog while we are out beating the bounds.”
“I said I had no second thoughts about one. I know it is what we must do.” The back of Sherlock’s hand caressed John’s cheek. “There is no place in my life for you and certainly none in yours for me. The time you have to endure this should be short.”
She sat on the chaise lounge while Elsa handed John a towel and helped him change. Although he had expected Aunt Hudson to fire a barrage of questions at him, the older woman was silent. She tapped her fingers on the cushions of the chaise lounge until Elsa gathered up John’s drenched clothing to take to be laundered.
Sherlock’s arm around his waist brought John to his chest. He whirled him about a few steps, smiling. “How I would enjoy moving with you to that gentle music, you in my arms, each motion as one.”
"No no no. Don't try to talk. The tube in your mouth and throat is a ventilator. Now that you're awake and stable the doctors will remove it.  Do you remember what happened?"
With care, Greg helped him into the house. Father did not slow as he led the bizarre parade through the kitchens and into the small reception hall by the stairs. John left them long enough to send a lad to the small farm where Dr. Sawyer lived. A shudder wracked his shoulders. The last time they had needed to send for the doctor was the night Papa had died years ago.
With regret, he pushed it back into Mr. Holmes hand. “I cannot take something of such value in return for shelter. You are welcome to find a place to sleep in the stables and Cook will find you something to eat.”
He closed his eyes and whispered a silent prayer. A soft sob escaped his tight lips at the thought of never seeing Sherlock’s face once more, of never again knowing the pleasure of his touch. How ironic that the answer he had sought during his walk was being provided this way! He was glad he had not delayed in telling Sherlock that he loved him.
“That is too bad.” Mr. Holmes sighed and leaned his elbow on the top of the wagon. “I had hoped you would take it in trade for a night’s shelter and food for me and my horse.”  He patted the brown haunches of his horse. “We’ve traveled many miles today.”
“No.” He kicked a stone under the wheel so that there was no chance the wagon would roll. “I had other things on my mind last night.”
Gooseflesh prickled along his nape. Was someone else there? Turning, he nearly screamed as a man stepped out from behind a copse.
Sherlock chuckled. “Do you mean to suggest that he wishes to cause upheavals for your neighbors as well as for your father?”
John almost said yes, but stopped. Mr. Holmes, while still smiling, had visibly tensed with his question. He was balanced on the balls of his feet, his hands hung close to his waist as if to pull something from under his waistcoat – another weapon? – and the twinkle was gone from his eyes which had darkened to a storm gray.
His father intruded, saving him from blurting out the words which did not want to lie still.  “Come in, John, and tell me what you wish to say. I suspect your husband is eager to tell you about his adventures along the road.”
Sebastian ignored it. “So you ended up getting him bruised and yourself an invitation to stay at Watson Hall, Holmes?”
of this was a good idea, he added silently, though he was grateful for the excuse not to be hauled through the door as if he couldn’t walk himself. He went into the bedchamber that was exactly as he’d left it hours before, save for the thin nightshirt waiting on the bed. He flinched when Sherlock closed the door behind him and sat on the bed as he slipped off his coat.
Sherlock repeated the wedding vows in a clear voice, but John’s trembled as he promised to love Sherlock forever. When Sherlock took his left hand in his, John gasped as he watched him slide an ornately twisted ring onto his fourth finger.
Everyone … including Molly. John wished he knew a way to ease his friend’s despair, but, because Molly never spoke of Greg, John could do nothing.
John’s fingers lingered on the rough texture of Sherlock’s cheek. “I still do not understand why you are sneaking about.”
“Cook has some packets for him in the kitchen,” she continued. “You should be certain that he receives them.”
Sebastian pushed her back and snarled, “If you think you can save his name by wedding him to Holmes like this, you’re a fool, Watson! Everyone will be curious as to why a baron’s Omega son is marrying a classless peddler.”
John fought his body that slanted toward him, wanting more than this chaste salute. Taking a steadying breath as Sherlock walked out of the room with Harry, he forced his fingers to unclench at his sides.
At his maid’s voice, John looked up from the novel he’d just started. Elsa stood in the bedroom doorway, no smile on her wrinkled face. Before Elsa had become his maid, she’d worked in the nursery. John could no more imagine Watson Hall without Elsa than without the sea wind surging through its open windows.
“To find another mate, I suspect.” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “I hope you will not be too distressed by that.”
Bending toward him, John put the glass to his lips. He sipped cautiously and smiled as he lowered the glass.
John was silent as Sherlock handed him out of the carriage in front of the Donovan’s home.  The grand country estate had been built less than a hundred years before, but had been constructed to look as if had stood on this outcropping overlooking the sea as long as Watson Hall had. Every window was ablaze with lamplight, and other guests were mounting the dozen steps that led to the elegant double doors.
Sherlock enfolded John to him as his lips found his again. Everything he wanted was in Sherlock’s kiss, for it offered him as much rapture as it demanded. His fingers stroked John’s back, sending tingles twisting along his spine. As John’s hand curved along his nape, Sherlock’s thick hair caressed it.
“Mayhap you would see something here you might like?” Mr. Holmes opened a box in the middle of the wagon bed.
But, when John sat alone as he rode back to Watson Hall, he wondered who would be victorious in the end.  Either way, he feared Sherlock might not be able to keep his promise to return to him.
John nodded. Auntie must mean either Sebastian Moran or his father. He was not certain which one his aunt despised more.
“I know, but I do not want you to hurt because of me.” He closed his eyes as Sherlock’s fingers played across the buttons at his throat. “Because I love you.”
“If I had, I would not have been want-witted enough to return here.”  Sherlock murmured against his ear.
“Of him.” Sherlock kept his smile in place, but he chose his words with care. “There cannot be many who failed to hear of Sir Albert’s single foray into politics.”
“Probably, but a traveling merchant is what I am.” He rested his left elbow on the arm of the settee and smiled as he noted the wide arc John kept between himself and Moran as he came to sit beside Sherlock. He hid his amusement as Moran’s face grew long with fury.
John shook his head. “I cannot change my opinion on that, because I am looking forward to getting to know the Alpha you’ll be, Harriet Watson. I hope I have many years to find that out.” He did not add as they entered the room that tonight made him more certain than ever that Harry should not buy a commission or enlist. Her determination to be a hero could lead her to death. The last thing he wanted in his family was a well-decorated hero whose last medal was given posthumously.
“Tell me that you abhor my embrace, and I will be glad to release you and never touch you again. Tell me, but tell me truthfully.”
Despite Sherlock’s efforts to let John know no more than he must, somehow, John sensed aspects of him that he must not.
“Sir Albert is determined not to let your wedding vows halt him from his plans to seduce you, is he?” He laughed without humor. “And why should he be bothered by your wedding vows with me when he would not have been bothered by the vows you would have spoken with his son?”
John laughed in spite of himself. “You would think a woman of her years would know that the driver of the mail coach would not take kindly to her comments about his driving as well as his personal habits.”
“A baby?” The idea of surrendering to mirthless laughter teased him. There could not be a child when Sherlock had never shared his bed and would not now. “No, I am not pregnant.”
“Why do you find it so difficult to believe an Alpha would not take advantage of the opportunity to marry you?” Sherlock’s gaze swept over him, and he edged away.
His father came to his feet, frowning. Only now did John realize that his shirt and trousers were marked with grass stains and twigs. His hair was in disarray. When he looked past his father to Sherlock, he knew, from the fury boiling in his eyes’ depths, there was no way to avoid disaster. He wished Aunt Hudson were there with them. Even though his Aunt could create all kinds of mayhem with her outspoken ways, she now would demand that everyone think before jumping to conclusions.
Quickly he discovered that the pattern of the dance was a parody of their lives. Each time he neared John and it seemed Sherlock was about to take his hand as he swirled him through the next steps, others came between them, sending them apart once more. He was careful to keep a smile on his face because Lady Hudson was not the only one watching him closely.
“If he has not revealed anything by now-” John said, “it seems there is little reason to believe he will anytime soon.”
John sensed his captor’s impatience. More than once, he cleared his throat, but the captain waved him to silence. He could not doubt that the matter he was discussing was of the most vital importance.
John stared at Sherlock as Lady Hudson replied to Harry. He did not hear her words.  What had Sherlock said to his sister?  He had been so honest with him earlier today about his fears for his sister and his husband being on opposing sides of this war.
Today had proven to him that he must go soon. He had managed to keep up with the others on the beating of the bounds and had taken note of several places he must revisit soon. His wagon was fixed, and his wares awaited his finding a buyer for them as he continued on his journey through Kent. The message to Jensen was not the only one he had to deliver, so he should not linger a day longer.
The glory of his touch flowed through John. As if it had longings of its own, his hand rose to touch Sherlock’s face. His fingers tingled when he touched the rough skin. Nothing had ever been so wondrous - nothing! A voice in the back of his mind howled at him. The impropriety! How could something so beautiful be so disastrous?
Disregarding the blade of pain slicing through his shoulder, Sherlock reached across the table to cup John’s chin in his left hand. John’s eyes met his with an honesty that he wished he could return. That this lovely sprite could be given to that beast seemed the worst injustice imaginable. “Last night I told you I was sure you would do what you must, John. I cannot believe that has changed. You will find a way to halt this betrothal.”
Father’s arm grew rigid, and John knew he was wondering, as John was, if Sherlock was walking away to leave him in shame even now.
