She had been watching, and waiting, and growing more impatient with them but unable to act — even the Queen of Hell has her limits — until she encountered the young demon, a former witch fresh from the rack, and an idea blossomed.
The first thing he notices is that he’s strapped to a chair. Arms behind him, legs spread, each bound to a chair leg.
Dean’s fingers drum a one-handed beat on the steering wheel, keeping time with John Bonham coming over the speakers. His other hand, resting on the bench seat next to him, is loosely entwined with Cas’.
And when he felt Cas’ mouth slide down his length, he finally found the ability to speak.
“Yes, but Mr. Dodgson was referencing an ancient weapon of the Host,” Cas explained. He turned to Sam. “May I?” he inquired, nodding at the sword.
“I’m gonna hit the shower,” he says, rising, and glances around the room until he finds what he’s looking for — the stack of take-out menus ubiquitous to motor inns with no room service. Ambling over to the stack, he rifles through them, coming upon one for a pizza joint just down the block. “I’m too bushed to go out, so I’m gonna order in some pizza and beer.” He glances up at Cas and crashes right into those blue eyes again, fastened upon him as if on a tether. It’s both a little unnerving — and hot as hell. Dean pushes down the flush he feels starting to crawl across his face.
He threw the book he was reading onto the table and curled into himself, knees pulled up to smother the hitching sobs wracking his body. Dean was asleep again, Cas with him, and although he knew Cas didn’t sleep, he didn’t want to disturb what might be his last few days with Dean.
“Straight Flush,” the dealer intones. “The high hand.”
A scoff. “Oh, there’s a plan? How fortunate. And here I was, thinking we were risking ten million dollars on a game of luck.” Another quick glance and Dean sees the eyebrow climbing upwards again as Castiel asks, “Pray tell, what else can you deduce?”
“You’ve got some
Castiel, who up to this point has been gasping, drifting in a haze of sensation, gives a shocked whine as Dean mouths the hard line of Castiel’s rapidly growing erection through his undergarments. His hips rise involuntarily as Dean’s hands grasp the waistband of both and pull them down, his lips and tongue drawing a hot trail down his hardened length as his hands yank off Castiel’s shoes and socks to free his legs from his pants and push them apart to dive in-between.
“You look adorable…”
Roman bets, “Ten million.”
His Grace isn’t consuming Dean’s soul to replenish itself, as Michael gloated it would - they are
Cas leans forward, directly into Dean’s space; Dean forces himself not to back away this time. “Oh? Do tell.”
They move to the kitchen, Dean's stomach grumbling and declaring his hunger, and he decides to make burgers, much to Cas’ hearty agreement. Dean knows they are, in Cas’ limited experience,  his favorite, after all, and Dean looks forward to introducing Cas to other things, like bacon… and PIE. Oh, Cas is gonna
Dean looks up, surprised to find Cas back in the audience, his face a mixture of expressions — confusion as to how Dean got back in the game, and likely anger because of it as well.
“I’m awesome, babe,” he sighs contentedly against the crown of his head. “I honestly can’t remember when I’ve felt better.”
The office door swings open on quiet hinges, light flooding into the darkened room from the hallway outside. From a chair in a shadowed corner, Dean watches as a figure is silhouetted in the doorway, casting a shadow across the room before the person enters and closes the door, throwing the room into darkness again. The figure moves swiftly across the room, then pauses as if sensing a presence. Turning slightly, the moonlight entering through the glass wall of the office illuminates the arched eyebrow and ever-present sneer on the man’s face.
“Maybe they know something we don’t,” Sam offers. “Maybe we’re wrong.”
. Dean knows that look, a shadow of the one he wore when commenting on Dean’s ‘plan’ versus a game composed primarily of luck. But there’s nothing he can say to alleviate Cas’ concerns — so he shrugs and gives Cas a smile and a peck on the cheek, slapping Lee’s shoulder along the way as he turns to head back to the table where the next hand is about to be dealt.
Castiel paces the hallway outside the infirmary.
stubborn ass — and gorgeous to boot.” Dean feels his hackles rise at that and
The waitress returns with several boxes and the check. Still chuckling, Dean slips her money for the pies and coffee with extra for the tip and thanks her, while Cas begins to slide the remaining pieces of pie into the containers.
“Wait, what the hell did you do to my Baby?” Dean sputters.
Cas blanches. “Oh, I don’t know, Dean…” but Dean isn’t listening as he crosses over to the table and thrusts the clothes into Cas’ hands.
Just as his eyes are starting to close, Cas turns toward him, blue eyes meeting his own, and even in the dim light of the television, they seem to glow. “I will. Don’t worry about me, Dean. Get some rest.” And as Dean’s eyes drift shut, he could swear those blue eyes glow even brighter.
“Hashtoom!”
?” He carefully, slowly, reaches his hand inside his jacket, palm resting on the ivory grips of the Colt M1911 in his shoulder holster, fingers closing around it.
losing himself in the wet heat of Cas’ mouth.
Dean’s voice, soft and almost timid, is the thing that finally loosens his feet; slowly, hesitantly he turns, his eyes rising slowly to see Dean at the doorway.
Dean blacks out.
The plate held a tiny burger with cheese and bacon, and shoestring fries; the glass filled with beer.
But Ellen’s enthusiasm for the idea of having a Double-O closer to home (and, Dean suspects, at her beck and call) is not dampened by Dean’s skepticism. She broaches the subject with Toni and, to literally everyone’s surprise, she accepts.
He wakes the next morning to the sound of… birdsong? The rustling of wind in the leaves of the trees outside.
Cas sighs in contentment against Dean’s shoulder. Dean drops a kiss on the top of his head and pulls him closer, his fingers drifting from Cas’ shoulder to run idly through his hair.
“Hello, Dean.”
“Wait, you’re not buying back in?” Charlie says in a lilting voice, incredulous.
“And now it’s your turn, Dean. You have complete control of how this... negotiation…  progresses. Give me the password, and I’ll eat you quickly.” He swings the rope in a swift circle in front of him, the knot whistling through the air. “Or you can make me tenderize my meat first.”
Sam kinda wanted to barf, it was so cute.
He’s counting on Sam staying rational when there’s no way he can himself.
He would give anything right now to have Dean yell at him.
The waiter returns with their drinks and Dean takes a long pull of his, leveling a steady look at Lee. “You’ve become quite the romantic.”
Dean watches the last glimmer of hope leave Ketch’s eyes. “So. He was your first kill, was he?” Ketch leans forward, white-knuckled hands clenching the edge of his desk. His eyes narrow, glowering. Defiant. “Did he make you
FInally, if you enjoyed this and love all things Destiel, come join me at the funnest, most supportive place on Discord,  the
back. I’ll find a spell to remove the curse - I’m sure there has to be something in the Book of the Damned or Rowena’s notes…” Sam yawned mightily. “Just… let me get a few hours shut-eye…”
fix this, Dean,” Cas said softly, determination coloring his subdued voice. A wan smile broke over his face. “But in the meantime, we might as well make you as comfortable as possible.”
“Shuddup and get over here, make yourself useful,” Dean says, grinning to take the bite out of his words. He nods toward the spices. “Can you bring those over? I need you to add them in.”
“Then you
Roman’s eyebrow arches. “I suppose we’ll see just
“Mr. Valente, you are big blind; Ms. Bradbury, small. Big blind is ten thousand, small is five thousand.” The blinds are placed and the game begins, each player receiving two face-down “hole” cards. They each lift the corners of their cards, except Dean — he’s glancing at each of them, examining their faces; but no one is giving anything away.
“FINE. We’ll order the burgers, make nice with locals while they’re cookin’, and then get the hell outta Dodge.”
But he shakes it off, choosing to sip the drink — yep, JW Blue, damn but this man still knows him
who’s signed up — and knows exactly where that money is coming from. Yet he’s decided to play me anyway, and why do you think that is?” He pauses, but Cas just keeps that glare leveled back at him, remaining silent. Dean sighs. “
Dean nods, starting to feel a little lighter at the prospect. Better than sitting here, being useless. “Maybe there’s something you missed in that giant pile of books.”
His gaze wandered toward the boxes stacked on the table next to him… perhaps he could make the other hunters more comfortable as well. It seemed… inelegant… to leave them in the degrading and uncomfortable positions the witch had placed them in, and stacked in boxes like discarded toys. Rising from the chair, he headed over and began to remove the figurines, one by one, posing them in relaxed sitting positions and setting them on the bookshelf overlooking the Library, legs dangling off the edge. As he did so, he checked each for the same spark he felt in Dean, relieved to find it present in all - although in some, the spark was not as strong: presumably the ones that had been in this state the longest.
Dean smiles, then paints a blue line perpendicular to the green.
Dean’s grin matches his own as he begins to drum along with the song on the steering wheel.
Cas’ heart ached at the vulnerability in Dean’s voice. “Of course, Dean.”
“Gorgeous,” he murmurs. Cas, drifting in relaxation, doesn’t hear him.
Sam whistles. “We need to brief Ellen on this.” He turns to Dean, smirking. “This intel
Out of the corner of his eye, he catches the glint of light reflecting off the ivory grips of his M1911, and he sighs, missing the comforting weight of it against his side where it would normally rest in his shoulder holster.  Due to the security surrounding the game, the spare key — with its access to the Colt and the Bone — is all the armament he could get away with. Turning away, he steps out of his room and strolls across to lean into Cas’ room. Cas is nowhere to be found, but the bathroom door is closed and the garment bag missing, so he assumes Cas must be inside getting ready.
Dean lays the towel on the ground under the net. Murmuring soothingly, he tries to carefully work the bird out of the net - but the magical lines of force hold it too tightly. Well, no help for it. Speaking a few words in Ojibwe and snapping his fingers, the dreamcatcher dissipates and Dean is just able to get his hands up to brace the broken wing before the bird topples out of the net and on top of him, knocking him down into the dirt.
Just then, the stormcloud that is Dean rounds the corner of the hallway coming from the kitchen. “What’s not true?” he demands, setting his coffee cup roughly on the table before yanking out a chair and falling irritably onto it.
Sam sighed. “Remember - the case? The missing hunters? I think I’ve found what’s happened to them.”
While he was pitching the tent (the thought makes him grin, of course), he had sent Cas out to find some firewood and to build the fire pit, handing him a small evac tool (basically a mini-shovel) to clear the ground where the pit would go and instructing him to find some nice round river rock from the small creek nearby to line it with. Cas had done spectacularly, a substantial stack of various sizes of tree branches and a three-ish foot circle of ground cleared nearby. Currently, the former angel was crouched on the ground next to a small pile of oval-shaped stones and was placing them in a ring around the cleared space with the precision one usually associates with engineering a spacecraft.
He makes his way through the airport and down to baggage claim, and it takes no time at all to pick Sam out of the crowd — the kid literally
“Dean… I think I have something here…”
Cas approached the row of the hunter’s figurines and brushed a finger over each, then gently picked one, cradling it in his hands and brought it over to Sam.
,” he explained. “One of Rowena’s custom spells, more than likely.” He shrugged. “Designed to return someone from a petrified state, but apparently returning to a certain size wasn’t a feature.”
He pauses for effect behind Roman, then saunters slowly past the rail and around the table, coming up behind Dean. He drapes his jacket over Dean’s on the back of his chair, then bends over to press his lips, smooth and warm, right at the sensitive spot behind Dean’s ear; a hand slips behind his neck, the other cupping his jaw.
He’s still not entirely convinced he’s not dreaming, drooling onto the stack of folders in the storage room.
“Castiel… that’s a mouthful! My name’s Dean.”
“Sam, wait… I think I’ve found one.” Shoving the book across the table towards him, open to the page she’d been reading, she jabs a finger at a passage written there. “This one might work.”
~ ~  ~ * * * ~ ~ ~
?” Dean snaps. “He still
“Hello, spoils.”
Sam snorted. “‘Made up’, seriously? That looked like a lot more than just
“Oh, we’re here on a wine retreat — ‘Cops and Corks’.” Donna jabs a thumb back at the group gathered around the bar. “I dragged Jodes here last year and we liked it so much, we came back!” She points between him and Cas. “What’s this I hear about a road trip?”
Eileen places the journals back into the box and reshelves it before leaving the room. Sam watches her go, puzzled. Shrugging, he gathers the necessary ingredients and places them in a copper bowl. He returns to the table with the bowl in one arm and a highly polished, round obsidian mirror in his other hand. As he’s removing the contents of the bowl and placing them on the table, Eileen returns with a steaming tea kettle, teacup, and a stubby white pillar candle.
Roman lays his cards down — an eight and a six. Full house. He smiles wide, feral.
Victoria Harbor erupted in light and sound as they lose themselves in each other, the fireworks behind them pale in comparison to the ones exploding in their minds and hearts and senses. Sights and sounds faded from comprehension, their world consisting of nothing but each other for those few moments before they part, breathless and staring into each other’s eyes.
Cas’ wings retract and fold behind him with a whisper, and Cas folds over, laying Dean gently down on the bed with a soft kiss before curling against his side. Dean can feel Cas’ heart against his rib cage, thudding in time with his own as they come down from the orgasmic high.
Sam and Cas return to the Bunker, and Sam begins looking for a way to restore Dean from the witch's curse.
“Cas, we need to…” he pauses, closing his eyes briefly and taking a deep breath before continuing. “I need to talk to you about what I asked you the other day.”
Thankfully, since “two lovers on holiday” is their cover story, there’s no need to stop and change into more formal clothing. And while Dean has a sneaking suspicion this is Lady Bevell’s idea of a snide joke, the joke’s on her as Dean has zero issues with pretending to be Cas’ lover. Well, maybe one issue: the idea of it becoming reality sends a flash of heat through him which he quickly stomps back down.
Then Dean heard a low breathy moan as he felt Cas’ hot tongue sliding up the inside of his calf, the underside of his knee and inside of his thigh, and realized the sound was coming from him.
Dean, sitting in the chair next to Castiel, instinctively leans away to stay out of the line of fire. He’s been on the receiving end of that glare and wants no part of it.
A sound bubbles up in Castiel’s chest and escapes around Dean’s lips — a small sob of relief and gratitude. His hands scrabble at Dean’s shoulders, attempting to gain further purchase there, to bring him even closer.
Cas reaches the waistband of Dean’s jeans, his tongue laving the patch of soft hair there while his nimble fingers unbutton the fly. Dean, now uncontrollably panting and whining, raises his hips for Cas to pull them down, along with his boxers, and thrusts up higher when Cas sucks a kiss into his inner thigh, mouth moving down to his knee as he works the jeans and boxers off his legs, his hair now brushing the underside of Dean’s impossibly hard dick and making him shudder with
His eyes land on the other side of the table where Cas is leaning back in his seat, eyelashes brushing his cheekbones and long fingers wrapped around a cup of tea, the very embodiment of contentment. To Dean’s utter lack of surprise, he begged off dinner, claiming a lack of appetite due to all the excitement.
“Cas… what did they do to you?” he asks, his voice low and broken. Not waiting for an answer, he pulls Castiel to the bed and sits him down upon it, then lowers himself to take a seat next to him, never releasing his hand.
As they pulled into the parking area for Dick’s Drive-In, he had slammed on the brakes, Baby coming to a sudden stop with a squeal of rubber on pavement at the sight before him.
“My Brothers came while you were asleep. It appears they had been trying for some time, but the dreamcatchers prevented them from approaching.” Cas shakes his head ruefully. “It appears your apprehension regarding their dismantling was warranted, but not for the reasons that concerned you.” His eyes dropped away again. “ They captured me and took me back to Heaven for judgment.”
Working as a team, they began mixing the ingredients - Castiel measuring out the dry ingredients into one bowl - one cup of sugar, pinch of the thyme, two cups of the Dahlia petals (nearly the whole jar), and two tablespoons of the peony petals; shredding the flower petals by hand for a more accurate measurement. Meanwhile, Sam coated several cupcake molds with the dragon fat, then measured out an additional half cup of the dragon fat into his bowl, chopped up a small portion of a mushroom for the “pinch of fungus” and a small sliver of the fugu, adding those to the dragon fat. Finally, using the syringe Castiel brought with the blood from the storeroom, measured out two milliliters of the dead man’s blood and squirted it into the bowl.
Dean fished out the box of witch-killing bullets, loading up his pistol and handing the box to Sam who followed suit, then grabbed the shotguns loaded with salt and iron rounds just in case, tossing one to Sam.
“So, what were you guys talking about?” Dean asks between bites, and Castiel almost chokes on his mouthful. Sam covers wonderfully, though.
EPILOGUE:
========================================
As the last rays of the sun begin to fade, Cas rises and heads toward the circle. Dean sits up with a groan to follow but Cas stops him with a smile and a light kiss. “Wait here, I’ll only be a moment.” Dean rolls onto his side to watch as Cas approaches the outer circle, pausing briefly before crossing over to the pile of wood teepeed in the center of the firepit. Producing a long fireplace match, he flicks the head of it against the striker on the box. The match ignites in bright yellow and orange, and Cas places the burning stick under the firewood. The kindling there catches quickly and before long, the fire is crackling merrily, sparks fluttering into the sky like molten fireflies.
“Yes,” he says, kissing his forehead.
“What?”
Castiel reaches out to him, pausing when Dean flinches back, startled by the sudden movement.
A smirk played across Sam’s lips.
Dean comes to in a dark warehouse, a single light bulb dangling from the ceiling the only illumination. He winces at the pounding in his head, the caked blood drying against his temple pulling his skin.
While the destination and activities once they arrive had been planned by Cas, it was Dean that planned the route.
Castiel sits back in his chair and glowers. “I’m not sure what you’re trying to say, Sam.”
The immature part of Sam’s brain wanted to groan at the display, but the rest of him was far too happy to see his brother and his friend like this - finally acknowledging what Sam had suspected for ages. That it took, of all things, another trip to Purgatory and another occasion of Dean thinking he’d lost Cas to finally get all the walls he had built up around his heart to come crashing down.
There is a new urgency in his steps, the desire to be by the side of the person that taught him how to love growing stronger.
He whispers in between the kisses, again and again, before they are finally shooed off the stage to clear it for the next performer.
"Hey, buddy."
That did not happen, though he heard some rustling from the side.
And Dean only laughed, knees hugging Cas' sides, already looking far healthier than he did just a minute ago.
He was riding high on the venom and the desperate longing, so long denied, coursing through him.
Dean snorts, a smirk tugging at his lips, currently smashed against Castiel's shoulder, and the angel rolls his eyes. This is familiar, like a private joke; a slightly oblivious angel and a slightly inappropriate human.
Merciless, relentless,
So he trapped Cas near one of the closets, hugging him from behind and closing the door. So he could press his angel right into the door, and so he could press himself into the angel. Cas was already dressed for the road, only a soft t-shirt and some new jeans, and it was driving Dean crazy. He looked so domestic, so at home. In Dean's space.
He had no idea if Cas actually aced any tests, but he sure looked like someone who would. He was reading a school-related book on the bus. During the Christmas holiday.
He barely cares for that though, when there is a desperate horny angel below him, wings glistening with both oil and grace now. Cas’ erection laying heavily on his belly, hard and flushed, a drop of precome sliding down toned stomach. He's trembling, writhing ever so slightly, unable to keep still, slick feathers fluttering over the sheets, closer to Dean.
Because it does look a lot like Heaven. Or what people probably imagine when they think about it. What it should be, perhaps.
Not only at the end too, but like a chain effect, the entire tentacle touching Dean’s cock erupts into steady vibrations, the texture changing in waves from smooth to ridged and back again. And as if that isn't enough to totally blow his mind, there are one, no,
The cat slinked into the warmth of his house like a shadow... Only to sit at his feet. And meow. Again.
Dean's brows creased... And where Cas first thought he was in doubt or lost in thought, he soon recognized it as something totally different.
He doesn’t understand a word, but clearly their Russian theory has some merit, since it sounds like what this freak was speaking. He fights to make himself move again but his body refuses to budge. Only his neck is more or less moving and his hands make a pathetic wave that has him exhausted and sleepy yet again. At least whoever that guy is decides to stop with the touching and steps away, somewhere outside Dean's field of vision.
He didn't say it aloud, but Cas agreed. The deep scratches looked nasty, red and puffed up edges, that were turning... blue?
It was probably the poisoning that kept forcing Dean to think about all those details instead of the dangerous criminal sitting barely a meter from him.
The first video features Cas and Dean himself. When they post it, it blows up overnight, the sudden influx of viewers nearly overloading the servers Ash had set up.
"And I'm not... I wasn't really that comfortable admitting that I like guys too," - even Dean's neck was red by this point. He hid his palms in his pockets, rocked from his heels to his toes and back where he stood, but he... was talking. And not running away. - "But when you said you want nothing to do with me, anymore... I figured, there were far worse things to be scared of."
<<"Greetings, Knight. I see you have finally found me.">>
It was true he much preferred his incorporeal form most of the time.
Dean wants to get Cas moved into his room pretty much as soon as they get home to the bunker. He wants to stick to Cas with permanent glue and never let him go. But it is not possible and probably way too much, way too soon.
Jack bites his lip, a concentrated frown appearing on his face, serious and earnest.
But they did it.
Easier said than done, really. Maybe if he distracted himself with talking...
Jack, of course, couldn't leave well enough alone.
Honestly, Dean was happy that some parts of him really didn't wake up in that situation. Including his stomach. Getting nauseous right now would be disastrous.
<<"Well... Thank you for the offer, but I wasn't planning on hurting your cub, or you for that matter. I was simply looking for a way around so as to not disturb him.">>
"I am here, Dean. I’ll watch over you. Sleep."
So he told him of all the gestures and moves he made.
He can feel that his smile is tight, probably betraying his nerves, but Cas' attention is all Dean needs to keep going.
It’s a rather sudden change of topic, but Dean complies wondering why... or should he just get off completely, or...
"Shhh, sorry, sweetheart... Come here."
Benny looked as worried as Dean felt. And guilty.
But when Cas opened the badge, he didn't see anything suspicious. It looked legit, the photo looking exactly like Dean, just clean-shaven and probably a couple of years younger.
He hadn’t, but those guests are of the pleasant kind and he’s drifting off to sleep with a smile, thinking of reunions. With his Baby, Sam and Jack. Exactly in that order.
"After you invited her to the party! And made plans for "all day, all night"!!"
“In the way of what?”
“Come on, I have a bet going with Rowena! She promised that lovely amulet if I win, you know, the one that makes your…”
It takes a little bit of poking and goading and when Cas finally lifts his head up, face slack with lust, his eyes aren't just blue, they shine with the luminous light of his grace for a moment. He blinks and it's gone, but it's enough for Dean to shudder in fevered desire hoping to bring it back, to see it shine brighter when Cas will be so far gone he can't hide it from him.
That last word is barely audible, he’s been afraid to say it, think it even, terrified that the answer could be “no”. More so, that it could be “yes” and he would never know, she would never know, never get the chance to say it to him.
To see Cas standing, ramrod straight in between him and the man Dean had been chasing for almost a year now. Who had him under the barrel of the gun, pressed into that bed hair Dean had stroked just a little while ago.
He was more than okay, actually. Rejuvenated, he dared say, sprightly.
Despite his words, Cas couldn't see any actual worry in the man's aura. Even the initial confusion was quickly being replaced by... an interest? He blinked, dispelling the image away, not wanting to invade this man's privacy more than he already had.
And now Cas was fucking himself on Dean's cock.
"Hi, Castiel!"
"Are you having a good time?"
"Come on, Cas, get in here. We don't have all night."
“Of course. I'll get right on it.”
Only the stench of puke was kinda ruining the mood. A bit.
"Cas, man, you okay there?"
As he was doing his job and being vigilant and whatnot, the creep seemed to be sleeping soundly. Must've been nice to not have any conscience at all, to sleep like that after everything that he'd done...
So he restrains himself, collecting their things and following in a much calmer fashion. The cold doesn't bother him as the forest opens up with a symphony of noises and scents under the water pouring from the heavens.
So Dean and Benny just had to keep their eyes open.
They are back at the cabin and as Dean goes through the rooms, collecting their belongings, he finds himself... nostalgic.
It was the last thing he saw before his willful boyfriend grabbed him with both thighs in those stockings in a chokehold, toppling him onto the bed.
"Dude, I don't speak your gibberish and won't start no matter how much you yell... Just saying."
. As if on cue, the little girl joined in. Then someone else. And another one.
Charlie, beaming with a shit eating grin, wheels in a serving cart atop which stands a positively gigantic, shameless, proudly erect... dick. Well, a cake in the form of a dick, the top of it adorned with two birthday candles with the number 3 on each, blazing away with miniature flames happily.
"Why didn't you explain it to me earlier?"
"A beach chaise. Because that's what it is."
"Если бы... Этот мудак бессмертен, как имечко и предполагает, пока не найдешь куда он свою смерть запрятал."
"Yeah, not the time to be shy, sweetheart. Not letting you catch a cold."
The angel sat down on the edge of the bed his wings tightened around Dean, as if trying to protect him from harm this way.
"Willing to bet on it, Dean?"
“Cas! That… thing… that we have. Us.”
"Not really the right incentive to make me stop, you know."
Well, if it is a dream, he should really commend his imagination.
Still tried to stop him, to look into his eyes.
Dean swallowed the panic, snapping into the action mode. He had to be rational. Smart.
"Well, that was the final trial. We did break the egg and found the needle, but we couldn't break it."
So that's how Dean Winhester ended up on his hands and knees. Another pillow appeared out of thin air to support him, but he barely noticed. He was much more preoccupied with the four slick fingers currently fucking him steadily open, expertly finding his prostate with each push inside.
Only a rumbling growl, with no words but filled with undeniable dominance, snapped Dean to attention.
"I think you should go to a healer... And I should just... Go," - the girl, pale and eyeing the cat warily, said before running out, with her clothes barely on.
Except in this moment, when Dean was hugging her so easy, so familiar.
So, Dean devises a plan and starts on it as soon as he can.
He even
"It was charmed too, of course, just like the rest of the trials. The only person who could break it was Koshey himself."
The sound of Cas moaning in delight over the first bite was his undoing.
"Guilty on all charges" had never sounded sweeter.
"I admit, I'd prefer that you lead a healthier lifestyle. That way we'll be able to spend more time together, even though you're mortal."
So when he stirred and finally gathered himself enough to move away from cum-stained wall and realized that actually he couldn't... Well. He freaked out.
And listening to his angel talk so much, sometimes switching to that rumbly Russian language that gives his already low voice some weirdly enticing quality is very... nice.
Showing all the world that Cas was
want?!"
Cas had an eidetic memory.
The pleading gaze continued... Until Dean caught the subtle growling of the tiny stomach.
"Well, if Cas checked...."
"There we go. The least I can do since you saved my hide... Apparently. Do you have a name, mister healer?"
The monster turns to Dean, looking at him with the most lecherous smile possible that gets the hunter’s skin crawling. His pale gray eyes glimmer and with that another bout of tiredness pulls Dean into sleep once again.
"You're telling me," - chuckled Dean, squirming again to try and find a better position.
Dean could feel the jerk of Cas' hips, the desperate clench of his ass when he heard that. The nails scraped over his chest, over his nipples, and Cas moaned again. His ass now flush with Dean's hips.
The fact that they had driven to the station was a miracle already. They were going to get stuck there at least till morning, the driver guessed, when the authorities could get the heavy-duty machinery to clean up the snow.
"Of course," all serious again grits out Cas, but neither are fooled, the smiles hidden behind the words. A little embarrassed, a little happy and nobody comments on the angel's hand that keeps holding Dean’s over the gearshift, not constricting the movement. Just a constant presence. A reminder. That he is here. With Dean.
at his side, smiling non-stop and leaning into Dean with comforting ease. It feels so natural, their chairs close so they sit pressed into each other from shoulder to knee and Cas' hand never leaves his. He's been holding it since the songs, in almost too-tight of a grasp but Dean doesn't care. He loves it. Loves his angel's hand gripping him tight, as a promise to never let go anymore, to be right there where he needs him.
That effectively closes that conversation, though the angel turns half an ear to the chatter of the group on the off chance that they mention something crucial to the case. But his mind is more focused on keeping Dean in his sight, still unsettled by the Vasilisa and the possibility of the monster being in the lake itself. Even though none of the bodies were found anywhere even close to it, their cause of death is ambiguous enough for it to be almost anything. Almost anything, that is, with something at least human-shaped in play, since the bones of the victims bore clear signs of cooking and further consumption of the flesh.
"Yeah, Angel, it was... perfect. Funny, too, as I got you a song as well."
Weaving his hands in Dean's hair, playing with his canine ears that came out naturally.
Cas' hands are on Dean, but he isn't alarmed at the door closing without the use of them. His God boyfriend is capable of much greater miracles than that.
Cas must've passed out.
They extend their palm to Dean, smiling apologetically, but their grip on Arin's back is gentle and obviously loving, their closeness revealing familiarity Dean somewhat envies. He does not show it, adopting his best charming smile instead and accepting the handshake. It is firm, and he is left wondering how to actually address the person before him. They are tall, with dark warm skin shining with pink undertones in the sunbeams that are falling through the windows. In contrast, their long dreadlocks, styled in a high curling on itself contraption were dyed in purple, white and some are left naturally black.
Although Dean was flesh again, he was not - human, not entirely. It seemed the “Pinocchio” spell only served to animate inanimate objects, not make them… real. So, like the still inanimate hunters, he had a spark that held what can technically be referred to as his spirit or soul.
Dean gasps into Castiel’s shoulder, shuddering so alluringly against him and it takes all of his concentration not to orgasm from that alone. He increases the speed and pressure, and finally breaches him with a finger, working it in and around before adding a second, eliciting the most beautiful noises from Dean as he presses back against Castiel’s fingers. Castiel’s Grace and Dean’s soul dance together around them, through them, as he gently opens Dean up.
Sam snorts. “You’re probably right.” He rubs his hands together and nods at Eileen. “Okay, let’s do this.”
The sun is just starting to dip behind the trees and just then a shaft of light streaks through the branches, backlighting Cas in yellow-orange light and setting his dark brown head glowing like a halo, and Dean gasps at the sight.
He really loved those eyes when they were regular sized. Now they were like the ocean, like the sky in the early evening. He could fall into those eyes and drown…
“Fuck… yes, Cas,
“You… want me to eat… cake?” Dean rasped, and Castiel smiled at the hint of indignation in his voice.
But the enormity of the change between them became evident the next day, as Cas was leaving, returning to Heaven to see if they had any leads on where Chuck might have gone. Dean had accompanied him to the landing at the top of the stairs, and as Cas was opening the door to leave, Dean reached for his arm and turned him, the other hand reaching to grasp the nape of his neck - and to Sam’s great surprise, pulled Cas into a long, deep kiss. Sam’s eyebrows shot up even higher when Cas returned it with great fervor, then breaking free, pulled Dean’s forehead to his in silent farewell before turning and heading through the door. The look of longing on Dean’s face as the door closed, his hand pressed against it and head bowed, spoke volumes to Sam; and when he turned to see Sam staring, Dean’s face flared red. He gave Sam a shrug and a sheepish grin.
"C'mon, babe, we… we gotta get outta here…." Dean says breathlessly.
They didn’t look so good. Also, THEY WERE GIGANTIC.
Castiel repeated the procedure he performed on Tracy, discovering the same results - his full essence returned to his body.
He slides out of bed and pulls on jeans and his t-shirt, quietly so as to not wake Cas, and heads outside, carefully closing the door behind him.
“Surprise me.”
But then, impossibly, Cas closes his eyes. And drops Dean’s hands.
with the whole thing.
“Thought beer would be a better choice considering how much whiskey you drink while playing,” Lee says, picking up his bottle and tapping the neck against Dean’s. “Now, you were saying? You’re telling me you
“I’m sorry, Dean.” Cas spins on a heel, heading back into the poker room and out the door. Dean sees Lee glance up, watch Cas leave, then turn to the balcony. Dean nods, and Lee takes off after him.
Dean gives them a smile and a cocky wink, then turns back to his cards, pushing the two men out of his mind. He has a game to win.
family that had suffered at his hand,
Words of love and desire and need brush against Dean’s ears and are pressed into him with every movement and touch of Cas’ body. The tempo increases yet again, lifting towards a crescendo, Cas’  gasps and moans in harmony and counterpoint to Dean’s.
He holds Dean’s gaze and time stops, along with Dean’s ability to breath.
“I’m just tryin’ to look out for you, man.”
“Probably to discourage you from doing them,” Eileen responds with a laugh.
Dean’s lips curl into a soft smile, his eyes drawing down further into sleep. “S’nice, I like it. What was it for?”
he’s either desperate or overly confident. Either way, it tells me something about him, and all he gets from me is a name he already knows.” He leans against the wall and crosses his arms. “Now, he’ll be wondering
he scolds himself, and ducks his head under the spray to wash away his thoughts.
Sam’s sigh of exasperation almost makes him lose it. “Dean, quit beating around the bush. What’s going on?”
Seeing Cas in his clothes is
They head out early the next morning, Sam getting up early to fix them coffee and a quick breakfast before sending them off. Cas walked into the kitchen, all suit and tie and tan trench coat with suitcases in hand, just as Sam was dishing up the food, but declined to eat, pouring a cup of coffee and drinking it quietly instead while the brothers ate and went over last-minute details. Plates emptied and cleared, they headed for the garage, loaded Dean’s duffel and Castiel’s suitcases into the trunk, slid into their respective seats, and were on their way.
He sits up slowly, pushing back the covers and swinging his legs over the side of the bed, then pauses, listening.
An indulgent smile replaces the calm expression, as Cas’ hand moves down from Dean’s hair to cup his face, and Cas leans down to press that smile against Dean’s lips. Dean feels the fire under his skin erupt again at the contact and brings a hand up to twist in Cas’ hair, holding him there while Dean explores Cas’ mouth with his tongue.
The responsible person in him knows this is the right thing to do - have Cas cure him, then go back to his job, helping others.
Prompt fill for Suptober Day 2 - Earth.
Bobby's the one who finally broke it up.
His face must convey some of that sadness to Cas, because he quickly picks up Dean’s hand and presses a kiss to the knuckles. “The full mental connection only occurs while the Bond is being formed.”
But even the best hunter and researcher on the planet had a breaking point.
Dean guffaws. "What, are you a teenage girl now?" he teases.
Dean lurched back as if slapped, hand pulling away from Castiel’s, leaving it cold in the absence of Dean’s warmth. Wrapping around his own glass, Dean downed the whiskey and set the glass back down on the bar, eyes averted.
He sighs.
Finishing up, he dries and dresses, steam following him out of the bathroom as he makes his way back to the bed. Cas has his suitcase open on his own bed, his clothes and accessories in a small pile next to it.
“Burgers sound good.”
“Okay, here’s the play,” he said with a wink at Cas. “Sam, you take the front, I’ll go in the back. Cas, circle around and come in that kitchen door we saw in the satellite.” Sam and Cas nodded in agreement and headed toward the farmhouse.
in his head, translating into choked off moan around Cas' cock.
"I think so."
He grumbled as Dean reached for the phone, turning the alarm off, but he didn't wake up. Behind the windows snow was still falling, the pitch-black darkness still there, never mind the predawn hour. He shot a text to Benny indicating that he’d woken up.
It was... natural, like coming home, to wrap his wings around Dean, a cocoon of light and warmth. A promise.
"Yeah, you and me both, buddy, what's that about not having it, ha?!"
He's walking for barely a couple of minutes, unwilling to use his wings just yet in case that will alert whoever's holding Dean, but it seems that they are not particularly patient.
"I know what I said. But I'm tired, and I need to sleep, because
"Hey, what are our usual plans for Friday and Saturday? All day, all night?"
Sam was yelling something, catching his fall, but it was all jumbled and unimportant.
"Hey, hey. I'm right here, sweetheart. I just want you to turn over, come on, can you do it? For me?"
"I'll show you. Please, trust me. There's nothing you can do wrong, as long as we're both enjoying it," - Dean drew him in another kiss. Gentle. So gentle, it almost made Cas cry. - "I love you."
For once, Sam isn't riding shotgun but is in the backseat with Jack. He has folded his long legs precariously over most of the seat, so Jack is jammed in the corner, paying it no mind, however. Technically, with two full winged angels, or half angels, whatever, they don't have to drive at all... But Dean missed his Baby something fierce, so now they are running her from Michigan back to the Bunker.
"Well, we do now! Thanks! See you tomorrow," - Dean was grinning from ear to ear, already tearing his apron away and nearly running out. He barely had the patience to shout his goodbye to Ellen before grabbing his things and flying out the back into the night.
It’s one time too many, the boat they are on practically shakes with Dean's nervous fidgeting as they nearing the shore after their planned ride across the lake. Castiel decides to wait until they are on more solid ground, before bringing it up again. Because it's important and he needs to make Dean not only listen, but talk to him too. They can always find another way to lure out the monster especially considering that the idea looked only vaguely helpful, even to the angel himself.
"I'm sorry... I'm so sorry, Cas..."
"You know... I've read an old legend about chimeras. How they picked the people they bonded with."
He decides he can get used to it. To Dean, so pliant and soft in his arms, the lazy morning kisses, the mussed-from-sleep hair. To the awed and stunned look on Dean’s face when Castiel flips them with ease, wings spread behind his back in an unmistakable dominant posture. He cocks a brow, looking down at the human, and he can feel as Dean’s breath quickens, dazed and already getting aroused.
Cas blushes and Dean revels in it.
“Ah, that won’t work. I got smart after my first kill. That one was messy, I’m actually surprised I wasn’t caught. There was blood everywhere. Rather violent. I looked at him after the job was completed and thought,‘what a waste.’”
“As you know, I became obsessed with that case, made mistakes.”
Cas swallows, his throat grateful for the action - his mind grateful for the relief.
They stare at one another, each seeking the other’s eyes for their home - a place readily found. And when home is found, one likes to stay there.
Tears well in blue eyes.
Dean nods as he tries to think about all those dates. Sam had some good ideas. He was glad he texted him the info earlier so Sam could start his whole thinking process.
Cas’s hands stay glued on the arms of the chair, afraid to touch Dean. He wants him, oh how he wants him, but he can’t have him. Not here, not now, not ever.
“An alcoholic father who only toyed with our lives for his own entertainment, whatever you call that.”
Melanie nods happily, her eyes stopping on the necklace Lisa is wearing.
Father Novak is shaken from his apparent reverie by Ben. He smiles graciously.
“I’m gonna go get some more.”
Mary packs it before sealing the box and lazily grabbing an apple from the counter. She takes a bite, producing a loud crunch, the juice being licked off the corner of her mouth by her tongue before it escaped down her chin.
“Wait, the couple that was at the BBQ yesterday?”
“How was Sam?”
“Dude, you still wear those?”
“You have…”
He closes his eyes again, and the back of his lids are soon screens displaying a scene of blue.
Dean nods and Bobby leaves. But he couldn't help but have
With the exit of Melanie Hawkins, comes an outpouring of tears – physical reminders of everything the small-town priest lost when he walked away from Dean Winchester. There is an echo of him all around Castiel’s very existence, a constant reminder of what was, and what can never be again.
“You left me.” The anger is gone now, and the words are practically sobbed.
“This is a kid’s movie.”
Cas lets a puff of air escape his mouth.
Melanie Hawkins’s sin of the day was no less amusing than usual, and Cas was a tiny bit sad to lose her company once she felt absolved. His mind had been perpetually distracted since he had seen Dean, more so since there had been a murder seemingly done by none other than Bloody Mary herself. His mind needed the distraction of Melanie Hawkins.
Dean knows that Cas is aware they are still being watched through the two way mirror, but he can see Cas’s shoulder’s relax and he relishes in it.
“She left me a letter that night.”
“A gift to us both.”
“She was upset that I hadn’t told about the victims. She...she wanted people to know of her good works.”
“Okay, be careful.”
Bobby drops his hand. “What do you mean?”
Without hesitation, she injects him in the stomach with a syringe she had hidden in a handy contraception of her own invention underneath her sleeve. It was attached to her wrist and easily accessible. Mary spent an afternoon making it from leather she bought at a craft store and thread she found courtesy of her cat. She often thought of obtaining a patent for it, but the pesky law would get in the way.
“Oh, hell brother, what did you do?”
Her eyes turned to Mr. Whitmire, life slowly being drained from him. It seemed fitting somehow, for him to have to listen to her voice in his final moments.
A woman he instantly recognizes as Melanie Hawkins by her distinctive perfume, sits on the other side of the screen. Cas smiles slightly at her profile, her new hat’s feather bobbing up and down.
Dean swallows at the venom in Benny’s voice. He wonders just how sincere that scene in his kitchen was.
“You can turn yourself in, get help.” Help. What a joke.
Dean smiles as he hears Cas answer the phone.
Cas nods distractedly.
“What time do you want to leave work today?”
She didn’t have to wake him last night.
“Sam.”
“Yeah, well, kids should be spoiled.”
“I don’t follow.”
Mary seems at least troubled by this, and Dean revels in it.
, and Lisa’s eyes demand an explanation.
“Then, why, aside from framing me. And why that?”
“I recall they were never a hindrance.”
Cas allows needed tears to fall. Sam hands him a tissue he found on the desk. He pushes it against his eyes.
again. He didn’t care why he was here, didn’t care who he was with, all that mattered was that it was him.
“Lis, I… how have you put up with me? Calling out another person’s name every fucking night?”
“Yes, Father.”
Lisa looks up from the tablecloth she is laying out with various types of foods to see a smiling priest.
“You know, your husband reminds me a great deal of mine. Kind, mild mannered men married to piranhas. The only difference is, you hunt those you feel are already in your power, the weak as you might call them. You see, I hunt for those who cannot hunt for themselves.”
“Oh, sorry honey,” Mary straightens and her voice softens,  “I just read something that upset me. Are you almost ready to go?”
But this... this was different. Cas was a living, breathing man, she no longer had to compete with a memory, but with flesh and blood. And she should have seen it. She should have seen it in the way Dean looked into Cas’s eyes at the altar, at the way their hands joined, at the way their eyes met. She shakes her head to clear the thoughts and focuses on the man standing in front of her.
Dean grabs Lisa’s arm and they begin walking to their car. Castiel leans his head against the brick and breathes.
“This is for Poughkeepsie.”
“Bullshit.” Dean was not going to let him go again, and Cas was gonna have to reckon with that, because Dean knows he wants it too.
June 7th, November 16th, August 23rd..
“Because their lives were so entwined probably, because they were both so fucked up they didn’t know when to quit and everything bled into everything else and their hatred consumed them both.”
Dean grabs Mary quickly, as Sam sees to Eileen and the small nick on her neck.
“No, you talked about it to Bobby, I wanted no part of it, remember?”
Mary smiles with the upper right quadrant of her lips.
He gets up, puts his coffee mug on the desk, and goes over to the man in the upholstered chair. He kneels in front of the priest, not touching, although he wants nothing more than to reach out and grab his hands.
Dean thought about making a joke about vampires but decided against it.
Gregory Ball was not your average man, in any capacity. No, Gregory Ball was The Shit.
Dean gives the employee who came over an apologetic smile as he bends to help pick up the fruit.
“Right.” They made victims themselves.
“Dean, he, he tried. But I wouldn’t listen. I was too sure that what I was doing was right back then, I thought I was on the right path.”
“I knew I was diseased and that unless I cut myself off from you, you would have been diseased too.”
“That don’t ring true, Benny. Cas knew what you were looking for. He would have only given this to you without a warrant if he weren’t guilty.”
“Yes.”
The older man shrugs. “It is.”
Castiel, emissary of the Lord, traces his lips with his forefinger. He wonders if he would have put up with the insults for that one kiss.
“You’re crazy, lady.”
“I found this house. It’s in a neighborhood fairly close to the University. It looks like a great place to start a family. What do you think?”
“Wanna beer?”
“I know you don’t want to think it, Dean…”
“My sin is lust.”
I didn’t initially. Those were coincidences. But then I looked into you, and realized that everything was just too good to be true, so the rest were not, no.”
Cas looks to Dean quickly and then back to Benny. Dean nods at him, urging him to speak whatever he needed to speak, hoping that maybe, just maybe, these two very important men in his life could go on.
Cas’s breathing becomes ragged, and he tries to channel his days at the Bureau - attempting to steel his nerves so he can continue. He needed to do his job - both of them.
Dean chuckles bitterly. “But Bobby, what if he did?”
Benny shakes his head. “We got physical evidence, Dean! Not to mention how all those dead bodies popped up where you and that boy of yours were at that time!”
“What do you need?”
“Yeah, that’s what I’m thinking.” He fought the “duh” that wanted to escape.
Dean’s name for all men of the cloth. Cas smiles slightly.
“Ah, Mr. Winchester, I thought you’d never ask.”
“I was tired Dean. And I had lost faith in myself. I didn’t care about the victims anymore. I wondered if they deserved it.”
Cas’s nostrils flare and he grips the arms of his chair. Mary smiles at the thinly veiled rage. She is taken off guard when Cas leaps across the desk, knocking them both on the floor.
This was some next level Dexter shit and Dean was not prepared for it. Okay, okay, this could be dealt with. It was just two coincidences, she knew the contacts as well, this was a high level frame job is what this was. Because this, this couldn’t be
“Dean, can we go to the pool now?”
“No!” Lisa throws a dish towel at him. “No, you know what? I thought he died. I thought the love of your life died on duty. I thought that’s why you were a mess. And you never told me otherwise.”
“Yes, I need copies of the new case files. The one from the other night and this one.”
He thinks of the apple orchard in his dreams and turns away. However, something in him prevails and he utters, in almost a mumble:
He stands, ashamed for a brief moment of taking her seat, and takes his place by the altar.
Cas rolls his eyes, knowing full well Dean couldn’t see but that it was necessary nonetheless. “Not like that.” He chuckles slightly. “She must have felt the same towards me. I wanted to catch her, but I also wanted to see what she would do next. That night, it all changed.”
He thinks, and he thinks, and he begins to feel sick. Because there were runs out for dinner, for
to notice the woman behind him, too engulfed in programming to feel the hypo injected into his exposed neck.
“More or less.”
Cas is shaken from his nightmarish reverie as Patricia Smith greets him.
“Yeah.” Dean smiles when he sees their names pop up. Bingo.
He walks up to Cas and puts his arms around him, only to be shoved off by impressively strong arms. Dean tries not to be offended, because he knew this wasn’t
He pats Cas’s back with finality and pulls him away to look into his eyes. He knows he shouldn’t say it again, knows it wrong, knows Lis is waiting on him to make a decision. But Cas’s arms were in his hands, his eyes were two feet away from his, and his lips…
Cas laughs in mock disbelief.
Dean looks at his watch. He wants to be with Cas, wants Cas to intoxicate him with his being. He wants to alleviate the guilt, forget the world, and just fucking be with the man he loves even if neither of them can do a damn thing about it.
He inhales and smells the aromatic coffee he was once accustomed to.
“That’s because your ex-fiancé made it, Dean!”
Mary adjusts her red sundress and Cas can’t get over the intense feeling of deja vu. Cas follows her gaze towards her husband, who is laughing with Lisa. It’s a good type of laugh too - straight from the belly, and Cas finds himself envious of the mirth.
Cas shakes his head and sighs.
The all too familiar position throws Father Novak into a memory that was never too far from the forefront of his mind.
*******
*******
“We’re out of beer.” He blurts, hoping like hell it was true.
“Hello, Dean.”
, Cas wasn’t trying to piss him off. Cas only was doing what he felt was right. But somewhere, deep in the back of Dean’s head, he thought if they caught her that everything would be alright, with
Dean shrugs. “Sure, why not?”
“Did you do it?” Dean had to ask because Cas’s answer would determine his next actions.
every time he chooses movie night, so it’s okay.” He leaves to go to his room, and Lisa scoots her chair closer to Sam and Eileen.
Fuck.
“They both work at the University Cas used to adjunct at.”
“Oh, really?” Mary purrs.
Cas puts his other hand on top of Dean’s, and Dean knows, he
Cas closes his eyes against the pain he caused the man he loves.
Cas sits down in one of the wooden chairs at the table.
“You think he
“We had a good thing going for a good while. And I will always love you, Dean. I know Ben will always love you. But now, knowing Cas is alive and well in the world, I can’t be the ‘other woman.’ You may never sleep with him, but your heart will always belong to him, and for me, that’s worse.”
Dean knows he could have been more descriptive, he never talked about Cas, only screamed out his name at night. Of course Lis thought he was dead - if only because of the type of grief Dean demonstrated. But Dean did feel dead inside, and he brought that horrible type of wretched pain to this glorious woman, who had every right to be angry with him right now.
“I think that is probably the journal of an agent. Sometimes, agents become obsessed with cases.” Father Novak hands him back the journal.
“Happy anniversary, my love.”
Cas smiles slightly, amused at what Dean perceives to be a rejection. “Yes, both of those things are true, but in addition to the possibility of fornication in a Church’s kitchen, I am attending your home for dinner tonight.”
Dean smirks, “You gonna leave?”
Castiel Novak often made a type of hum in response when Dean said this, but it wasn’t appropriate today. Nor was his characteristic eyebrow. Instead he simply nods good naturedly and begins to stroll around the grounds with his hands behind his back - Dean at his side.
Lisa looks down at her shoes with a smile while Ben rolls his eyes.
“Miss Struthers suggested you were quite the dish.”
Cas shakes his head fondly as he pulls out a flat package and hands it to Dean.
“My old case files, my notes.”
“Don’t you see that makes no fucking sense! Why would a killer be that obsessed with you?” Benny’s anger surprises Dean, and he would argue more, but he needed to get Cas out of jail.
Benny nodded. “Yeah, you was in all kinds of denial, even after he left, but everything fit.”
“Yes?”
Joe opens the door to Mary’s office and looks bewildered at the pair.
“I’m so glad to have a new couple in town! We can play Pictionary.”
Cas embraces Benny fully, his arms engulfing the man and holding him close. He allows himself to cry into Benny’s shoulder, and Dean can’t help but notice Benny’s face is dry, his eyes open staring at the mess of flour on the counter.
She smiled her beautiful smile when he handed her the flowers and a bottle of her favorite wine. He wanted to tell her then. Wanted to tell her that the love of his life was their priest and he wanted him, and he wanted to forget everything and everyone and live with Cas in some secret hideaway for the rest of their lives.
He also forgot to turn off the TV. Mary pushed her hair back with one hand as she grabbed the top of the railing with the other.
“Me?”
Dean was not a fan of early morning mass. To be honest, he wasn’t a fan of church. But, he went with Cas, and now he attends with Lisa. Just his luck to end up with two believers. As he turns off the alarm, Lisa gives him a quick kiss on the cheek before she slides out of bed, past the boxes, and into the bathroom.
“Yeah, all right. You didn’t care anymore.” It was cold, and he didn’t mean it, not really, but how could his beautiful boyfriend think those men
Dean chuckles as he nods and sits up. “Okay, I can take a hint. Snag a donut for me?”
“Look, I don’t blame you or that crazy aunt of yours anymore. Stray bullets happen, and he saved my life.”
Dean begins tapping the keys nervously.
He speaks first.
Dean and Lisa try to hide their smiles as they introduce themselves.
“Yeah, we uh, learned that from the nickname thing, huh?” And so many other things.
But there was just something about the priest that made that impossible. Maybe it was the slight purplish tint beneath blue eyes, maybe it was kindness the man generated, or maybe, just maybe, she understood in a way.
“Thanks, Father Novak.” Ben stands up, somewhat relieved, the journal’s knowledge was given to a priest, and he felt that was a safe place to put it.
He watched over his mate, sleeping under the windows of his house at night to be able to come if he was needed.
Wearing it around his own neck.
"Dean. And this is Castiel."
It helped that it was sinfully hot too.
The tingles are gone, but the faint aroma of absinthe remains, and when Dean lazily cracks open his eyes, everything is dark except the faint glow of the wings. It's not the whole wings either, but unseen--before, in the light--grooves going all throughout them. Like a web of blue, pulsing and thrumming with life and what is probably Cas' life force or whatever. It's mesmerizing and somehow even more intimate a sight than the wings themselves, as if it's a secret only he's allowed to witness.
The first orgasm of the night crashes over Dean, and his groan is of God's name, as Cas chuckles into his ear, Castiel catches some of Dean's cum on his tongue and licks the rest off from his stomach.
Guarded calm.
Ran away, more like.
"Oh, he's here, doctor... Finally."
"Stay with me," - thinks Dean, and Cas smiles an adorable gummy smile, looking radiant and
Only the disjointed flashes of
Jesus, good thing it wasn't
A blush still high on his cheeks, but more from embarrassment than anger. Cas hoped.
Dean was shining, shining with... love.
“Everything!” Dean almost yells. The nervous energy of the conversation forces him to stand, pacing around Sam. And he talks, rushed, afraid that if he doesn’t let it all out now, he never will. “I want everything with him, you know. He… Cas. I just don’t wanna spook him. Don’t know how to go about it. What is the protocol on dating an angel even?
He never did.
Like today.
It echoes in his abused muscles, but how good it feels nonetheless.
"In one word? Snow," - the man gestured around them, where, well... That was a lot of snow. And it just kept falling, looking like it'll turn into a decent blizzard pretty soon.
Castiel licks that off too, one by one, swallowing Dean's taste which dissolves on his tongue into his pure essence, their bond singing in angel’s blood and heart.
resort... if that what it's after anyway?"
"Wait... did you say, poisoned? By what? Oh, gods, Lady, ease up!"
"Oh! Yeah, sure... Just give me a sec... Damn."
This was the last thing either of them said for quite a while.
Castiel catches his eyes, staring imploringly at the flailing human, who seemingly catches his drift a little too late. Maybe Cas should cut him off that beer, for the sake of the case at least.
So, first off, the compound of the resort is fucking huge. Secondly, Dean hates it and loves it all at the same time. The nature around them is beautiful and vast with forest stretching outside little clean trails for miles and miles. Untouched, wild and gorgeous, and also probably filled to the brim with all kinds of bloodthirsty nightmares. On the other side is the lake though, the jagged shoreline of which is framed by narrow private beaches, cutting right into that same forest. The waters are deep and blue, reflecting the trees and the sky, again, probably a home for some monsters, but still so enticingly stunning.
Sam leans in towards Cas, who smirks, pleased. Jack is on the edge of his seat already, has been from the very start of the story and just nods along Sam's question.
Closer inspection shows that his clothes are gone too, but his phone lies untouched next to Castiel's, silently blinking with new message indicator.
But, he has more pressing matters for now and just as he claims his angel's mouth, his fingers  are digging back into the wings, with only one target in mind.
He breathes out heavily and shakes his head, trying to keep himself under control, to be professional, since they still haven't caught the thing killing people. They’re nowhere even close to identifying it. But as he patters around barefoot, using the facilities and slowly shucking off clothes, his thoughts stubbornly cling to the other reason he even found this case.
So, as soon as he was done, he practically ran back to the bar, to Dean.
"Thank you, Sammy, mister nerd. It still doesn't answer my question! Why chicken? Why couldn't Russian witches choose something more... I don't know, fast, or scary, or just not so ridiculous?!"
"You guys okay here?"
So Cas gets him more purchase, with half a step forward Dean's back is plastered to the tree again, and he gasps on the impact, the angle of the cock inside shifting.
Higher and higher and he’s not in his body anymore, but somewhere else, conscious but melting and turning to something new.
"You think we can just stay here? I really don't wanna climb all the way down that damn cliff."
"Ravishing," - he settled on, as Cas slowly spread his knees.
He didn't even notice, but he was exhausted, magic drain shackling his limbs, fogging his eyesight, screwing with his balance...
And today, today he’s driving Dean crazy with the opposite.
Cas' harsh stare did not change. Dean went on.
"Hey, hey, sweetheart, it's okay. I've got you. Can you take your phone out for me? It'll be a flashlight."
Only long enough for another ravishing kiss that left Dean dizzy.
But he really couldn't help himself, closing his eyes and leaning into the touch. It was just...
So he can step forward, crossing the scant space in between. He can cradle his angel's face in his palms. He can smile at him with all the tenderness that fills him. He can bow down and kiss Cas, feeling those lips open up to him eagerly, trading caresses, returning them in full.
Dean isn't sure it’s all fully his, with Cas often translating his own feelings straight into Dean's head through their bond.
Dean didn't want to. But Cas kept making that expression. As if telling him "trust me".
Pulsating, and then it’s like a wave comes over them, and then that wave is inside of him.
Looking where he points.
He doesn't really care about the spectators right there, doesn't care for Sam or possible random passers-by. His only need is to express the love and happiness overflowing from that gaping wound that is healed, as always, by the blessed touch of Castiel.
"All night" - he said to Charlie.
Or, at least, the cabin was normal before Cas, with Dean’s help, carefully draws the sigils and wards in invisible paint. They may not be needed, but it’s better to be safe than sorry.
Dean kept thanking his lucky stars that it wasn't anything major. With the driver's help, they managed to not just get the bus up and running but even crawl through the ever-increasing snowfall to the nearest bus station.
"Promise, sweetheart."
With so much going on, only then did Dean notice just how aroused Cas already was, his hard cock barely fitting into the panties.
"Well, we can hang out some other time? Maybe this weekend?"
"Want to fuck you so much... Those fucking stockings. You're killing me here, babe. Such a pretty boy."
One wraps itself around Dean’s balls, while another slides lower, the vibrations even stronger there, rubbing into his rim and perineum.
Castiel sigh, and then laughs at himself.
"I gotta hand it to you, man, you got some game."
It’s easier after he moves into the house.
They actually drank it too.
"Hello, Dean."
Castiel wants so badly to extend his wings again, to rub them all over Dean, coating him in his scent and oil, using that as lube instead, fucking his mark right
Trying to avoid conversation altogether, Cas folded the book, showing the cover to the stranger. It read "B. D Chaurasia's Human Anatomy For Upper Limb, Lower Limb, Thorax And Abdomen."
At this angle, Dean had a perfect view of the barely illuminated face, looking like something out of this world. Such a soft expression, shapely lips slightly parted, eyelashes fluttering... He was beautiful and it was a challenge to not look at him, but at the aisle of the bus.
The sex was nice, if a little impersonal.
we be dating? I don’t know anything, but I want it, want him, Sam. So much.”
He pauses, trying to find words for all the swirling confusion of affection and yearning filling his chest.
And just like that, the playful careless air was gone. Replaced with steely confidence, that was even hotter. Also, Cas suddenly felt much more confident that he'd get to the end of this trip without getting shot or stabbed. Positives all around.
"It's alright if it's you," - repeated Cas, weaving his fingers into Dean's hair, keeping him close.
Leave as many marks as he wished.
Exhilarating.
Dean knows it has more to do with his separation anxiety from Baby, who he left in the tender care of Sam and Jack so they had a dependable means of transportation. Also, the Impala is rather conspicuous and they can't risk getting exposed as hunters too soon. So, to distract himself from the discomfort, Dean decides to indulge in one of his new favorite pastimes. Precisely - staring at his beautiful angel, unobstructed and without the need to avert his eyes if anybody notices. Now he can stare, and look his fill, and gawk, and leer all he wants.
"What else do you want?!"
And he’s not done for today.
Cas laughs easily, happy, so beautiful and carefree it makes Dean's heart clench in a desperate hope to be able to keep him like that. To somehow turn their cursed lives around, twist from the suffocating clutches of fate, so that Cas could always just spend his days laughing. And maybe also kissing Dean just like that, still sweet, but with more intent now, deep and thorough, like he's committing his taste to memory with every sweep of his tongue.
He grumbled all the way to the kitchen, trying to figure out what was even safe to eat for such a baby.
“That is the plan, yes.”
Cas sighed, as Dean was swearing. It was pretty understandable. Not everyday one could see the "cat" changing the color of its fur and eyes with one flick of its tail. Turning from brown to pitch black. From yellow to blue. Cas did not like the implications one bit.
"No, Dean... Don't worry. You were able to break it because Koshey gave you part of his own life force to wake you up. It was just a little bit, but it was enough for the magic to acknowledge you and allow it to work."
He was barely aware when Cas bottomed out, hips flush against his ass. He still tried to get more even if it might kill him. Dean was just so full, he couldn't breathe without the wondrous, gorgeous cock inside him moving, reaching some new place he never knew he had and it was simply glorious.
"Hi. It's okay, I've missed you too."
Even more so than their charade entailed because he noticed the stare the creep was throwing at Cas before he returned. He knew those kinds of looks. They did not promise anything good.
But he's rather determined to not fall into the traps and presses on, holding onto the thought of Dean instead of persistently longing for food. He is an angel. He doesn't need it, Castiel reminds himself.
"Got you. Loud and clear."
"Even if it were quadruple profits, we still won't be able to..."
"You."
A whole chain of them, leading Dean to the bedroom.
The alarm buzzed in Dean's pocket, waking him up... To find Cas had completely changed their positions somewhere during the night.
"God, I hope you're okay there, Cas... Please, be okay... They couldn't have just killed you, I know it. You're okay and I'll be okay here too. Just need to hold on until I find some way to kick that bony ass, and then I'll come and get you. Or, you know, feel free to come and get me, stretch those pretty wings for me, baby. Damn they are pretty... And they smell so good. And those noises you make, I can't get them out of my head. Can't wait to touch you again, to get you to make them again, do you want it too?.."
Dean was hesitant, but the wooden... barrel? Looked sturdy, albeit totally unsuitable for any transportation Cas had claimed. Unless they were meant to just roll with it from the cliff, in which case, he'd rather brave it on foot, thank you very much.
"Want to see you touch yourself, my darling. Want to see just how much you're enjoying yourself, bouncing here up and down on my cock. Want to see you come, all over me, just as you keep fucking yourself onto it."
Hope.
Even though he probably shouldn't have he still murmured, moaned, sobbed a litany of "please", the heat inside him becoming unbearable. He couldn't take much more of this, nearly melting from overstimulation, his lashes wet, his limbs shaking and useless.
He only tightens his slick fingers and hot electric tingles run all the way up to his shoulders. He rakes his fingertips through the oil dipping up and down the wings, scraping gently with his blunt nails, the touch almost lost in all the tangy liquid dripping down.
"Yes, Dean, we've discussed this already. Seven times. And seven times I’ve told you that no, we don't have to, unless you're sure."
Waking him up, with cascading waves of pure desire crashing over him with every mouthful of blood Dean took.
"Really. Unless you’ve changed your mind..."
"Missed you too," - he mumbled in between kisses.
A need that only Cas can quench.
The clerk chuckles, nodding obligingly, her gaze raking over their hands briefly.  It makes Dean automatically defensive. No matter how supportive their family seems to be, no matter how inclusive this place is made out to be, it is hard to battle every trained instinct, yelling at Dean to hide, to not show, to not feel. Sensing his unease and quickly growing tense, Cas takes the lead in the conversation. Chatting amicably with the woman, even making her laugh at some language joke that goes totally over Dean’s head.
Something in Cas' tone makes Dean turn, barely tearing his stare away from nature's show, only to find his angel paying it no mind at all. No, Cas is staring right at him, and Dean can't describe his gaze as anything other than adoring, just the thought of it making his cheeks flare with heat. He already wants to laugh it off, or maybe just turn away and maybe not look at Cas anymore at all to escape the embarrassing feeling, but he's not even allowed that.
They crossed state lines, and the creep was right there on the bus. Riding to where, hopefully, the entire squad waited ready to take him in.
Cas just shoots a quick smile at Dean and shifts in his seat, so that he is practically sideways and facing Jack in the back.
"Probably... Oh. Look. The rain stopped."
No matter what somersaults his gut did upon hearing the man chuckle.
"So you decided everything yourself, without even bothering to ask what
Cas focused his hazy with lust gaze at Dean and nodded. Not stopping the uncoordinated thrusts, looking more and more desperate by the second.
It was probably not the right thing to say.
He wasn't so teasing on the floor of his own office, shirt in disarray, those plush lips wrapped around Cas' cock.
It was hard to balance their schedules, with Dean's work taking him away at the most unpredictable times, and Cas' med-school taking up the lion's share of his time.
Dean can feel the blush creeping up on his cheeks and neck in a hot wave. But under the no less gentle smile of his angel, under his eyes, telling him a silent "I love you" he couldn’t care less. That is until Sam the Interrupter Extraordinaire coughs loudly and pointedly.
Even as they walk, hand in hand, he can feel Cas' wing around his shoulder, keeping him close and shivering. Blue eyes shimmer with happiness, just as mint and absinthe permeate the air. It's getting increasingly hard to concentrate on anything but the desire to just drag the angel to the nearest dark corner for more kisses.
"Hey, sweetheart, how are your studies? Aced that test as usual?"
He gestures for the Familiar to continue noting the smile of relief it causes. Clearly, somebody here is pretty desperate to get their way and it isn't Castiel, as it seemed. Or not
major cosmic deity.
That realisation and the overwhelming aroma of lust coming off in waves from his alpha made him weak at the knees. It was a miracle they didn't crash into anything on the way.
So they battle and Dean watches. Blades sing, metal clanging with every impact. Both opponents are skillful and their power nearly evenly matched. Eventually, the stalemate gets them to a rather tense stand down. Normal people would be taking a breather or wiping off sweat, but these two just stare and readjust their grip on the weapons.
The Familiar pointed at the fire but cut out further question with a flick of his hand.
"Is that what you want, Dean? For me to fuck you? To stuff you so full you won't be able to walk for days, so you feel it every time you move?" Cas spoke right into his ear, confident and with the same low growl that has Dean desperate in seconds, already wishing he could come again.
"I am always up."
Insatiable, hooked on the drug that is Cas.
"Oh... No, Dean, I'm sorry, this place is still warded extensively, which is one of the reasons I couldn't find it before. We must use more local means of transportation instead."
His voice in the phone’s speaker is so sudden that Dean doesn’t believe it at first. He doesn’t believe as he races to the Impala, as he drives like crazy to the meet point. He can’t allow himself to believe unless he sees the proof with his own eyes and knows that this isn’t another lie, another dream.
"Wait!" - Cas stopped Sam. Who was making a face of the eternal suffering again. Pff. At least he now felt what Dean had gone through when he’d met Eileen.
His very own better place.
"Miguel," - the other man says, extending his hand in the general direction of Dean and Castiel. His handshake is brief and firm, clearly asserting "who the dude is in the relationship", as Dean would say. The second the “official” part of the greeting is over however, he turns to Arin speaking with her in rapid Portuguese, gesticulating so wildly and laughing so hard that his carefully arranged black curls keep falling into his tawny face.
to suggest it's a he?”
Far away from the SWAT and proper procedure, and Cas was looking up at Dean.
Knew that cologne wafting from the side.
"You can just magic us down, right, Cas?"
"Don't you fucking dare."
He was stopped by the return of the death grip on his arm and the terrified stare of blue eyes that looked black against the light of the phone.
Lady meowed miserably from the foot of the bed, settling her paw gently on Dean's foot.
His statue moved as the house grew, and now without the need to draw on the people passing by, Cas puts it in Dean's bedroom. All the easier to come to him at night.
Figuratively and literally.
he looked hurt.
And then he toppled on top of Cas, gripping him so tight, something in Cas' ribs creaked.
And the snow falling behind tinted windows grew only heavier. The temperature was falling too, and though the bus had been warm when it started its journey, now it was almost chilly.
Cas must be reading at least some of his thoughts, because he groans, low and helpless too, and then Dean is enveloped in the shivery embrace of the unseen wings. They drag along his sides and arms and legs, leaving chilly tingles everywhere, lighting up his nerves from within with energy and something unfathomable. They are chilly, not giving off cold, but contrasting brightly with the running water and Cas' heated skin. And then Cas moves them, presses stronger, rolling power underneath slick softness, and they stretch and bend, raking down Dean's chest. Over his nipples and lower, over his dick again, and he comes with Cas' name on his lips, because it is too much, too good.
, I'll throw you right back out that window!"
He knows it’s meant to be comforting, Cas trying to chase away his fears, as always, his own guardian angel. Always there to pick up the pieces, to put Dean and everybody else above himself. But this time it only makes Dean ugly-snort, clutching onto Cas tighter, breathing him in deep. The dust of the road and the last batch of Tide from the bunker, gasoline from the car and something just uniquely Cas; unearthly, crisp and bright. The mix quenches the thirst Dean didn't know he had but that now is raging in his heart.
Arin smiles again, looking only slightly abashed, but does step away, giggling drunkenly and fixing a tight bun of brown curls back up from where it slid down from the weight of the water.
Fingers interlaced, taking the hand away, but another furious remark smothered by a soft kiss.
And then things start happening rather quickly.
He never complains and today is not an exception.
Because he’d been forced to spend three Sundays in a row watching all the Zorro ever created in a wave of Dean's latest obsession.
He's on his way back to the cabin when his phone buzzes with a short text from Dean.
<<"Ugly, you say... Nice to see that I made the right choice.">>
"Yeah, yeah, all great points. But did he tell you about all the different attractions people can have?"
What was even his life?
The mention of Dean gets Castiel tensing but it looks like he was kept alive, at least... There is hope if nothing else.
Castiel is still the first one in the water, diving in with clean precision, thankful for the relatively-clear-from vegetation lake floor. He swims a little further out, away from the pier, surfacing a few good meters away looking around for Dean.
He only has to ignore a sinking panicky feeling that perhaps Dean is already dead.
They've been together two years by now.
, did he deliver.
And when Castiel looks up there is not an untouched tree line before him anymore, but a clear path, splitting up into three directions with a boulder right at the fork. It hasn’t been there just a second ago. The big stone has Russian words etched into it, words that mimic the text from his phone. It practically reeks of magic, old and wild and dangerous.
"What's your star sign?"
He even looked like an angel, with those unfathomable blue eyes... Dean sure hoped he was legal, at least.
Not looking, just breathing Cas in, holding onto him tight.
"And I'm gonna kick you a lot more often if you try that."
"What took you so long? Getting slow on me in your old age?"
That teasing tentacle is patient and insistent, and sneaky.
"Jesus Christ..." - Dean gasps, slumping in the magical grip, trying to catch his breath. It is a challenge as the vibrations of the tentacles don’t stop for a moment.
But he doesn't, because he trusts Cas. To the point that brings heavy dread from the reasons
There...
Writhing in his seat, hanging onto Dean who sucked and sucked, purring low with the taste of his mate on his tongue.
"Ha, I wonder what they're singing about..."
He breathes out, shaky, surprising himself with how wet his eyes are, but as he folds into himself, surrendering to quiet tears, his angel is there to catch him. To embrace and hold, accepting everything, Dean’s sobs and swears and all that icky human snot he’s probably gotten all over his shoulder. Cas seemingly does not care, only hugs him softly with arms and wings, and sits there, as Dean lets it all out.
Dean got a shove in the ribs when he opened his mouth to argue over the definition of ‘crazy’. There was nothing crazy in courting! Well... Unless you were human who had zero idea about werewolf traditions, apparently.
And the sweet, sweet kiss, he was finally free to press into those pink, lush lips in front of all those people.
Just as another bite bloomed on Cas' neck, the firm strokes, the heat, and magic rising, flooding his whole being with the rapture of an orgasm.
"I thought you didn't want to climb down yourself? I'm just helping out."
Dean clearly did, so Cas was quiet, and he kept low, but this...
"I assure you, you'll want to be sober for your gift."
Whiskey tended to wash the taste of betrayal out of his mouth.
It was like the sun was setting early.
But it made it all the harder to be apart. It was mostly when Dean was forced somewhere for a case, and even though Cas was understanding, and supportive, and amazing... They missed each other.
He was very thankful for the medical coat he wore that was baggy enough to hide any... inappropriate reactions he might have had.
to touch, to feel Cas more, and, thankfully there were no protests as he grabbed him into a messy embrace.
So he dresses, picks up their meager supplies from the boat and with a deep breath, steps decisively onto the middle path. He notices that after just a couple of steps the fork and the other two paths are disappearing, leaving him trapped with only a wall of trees behind and unknown dangers ahead.
"I trust you, Cas."
And each time Cas was there, shushing him, whispering something too quiet to hear, but gentle, distracting background to hang onto. As his fingers slid over Dean's neck and shoulders, scratching over his scalp one time.
As Jack smiles again, that special "look at me, am I doing good?" smile at Cas, Dean, for the first time probably can feel the full reaction it gets. Cas not only smiles--the softest, melting hearts and icebergs smile--but his wings seem to smile too. It's the weirdest sensation - a wave of lightning warmth, passing through them, trembling, the way feathers fluff out for a moment before settling down again. It rubs somewhere deeper than Dean's skin, deeper than his feelings. It echoes, he's sure, in his very soul which is trembling in answering delight, seeing its match so happy and content.
"So, what happened next? You hunt down the Death, right? With Vasilisa?"
night, not even just for this case.
Dean feels jittery and restless, the unsolved case looming with vague threats. But more so it’s Cas' presence, close, with them finally alone and soon sharing one bed that tugs his attention in a totally different direction. Dean debates a coffee, or something stronger, maybe just straddling Cas right there on the couch where he sits, still fiddling with the laptop and kissing him senseless.
As the bus moved through the city at a snail’s pace, thanks to the evening traffic and light snow that hasn't let up since morning, Cas was getting more and more alarmed.
"Dean. Any time...
Dean’s got plenty of air, that’s for sure, as sundown came and went, stars now twinkling in the inky skies in between treetops at him accusingly. But he still sits in the deck chair, fiddling with the bottle, taking an occasional swig, wincing at the stale taste.
"I mean, you don't want to have your own body half the time, so..." - he kept talking, trying to console his raging boyfriend, though more worried about the state of the hospital than his own, should Cas fail to hold his wraith at bay. He was so very wrong about the source of that anger though.
The sight of those blue eyes looking up at him literally from crotch level... Good thing it was plenty cold still.
This time Cas' face beamed with a soft, genuine smile, as he bent down to place the first kiss of the night on Dean's lips.
Dean goes practically tomato red at the admission, as though he didn't mean to say that out loud, and he probably didn't, already trying to turn away, to escape. But Cas catches him by the wrist, tugging him closer once again. Kissing once more, because he likes to say it and now he can say it even without words, just like this, with only a touch, only a kiss.
"Yeah, yeah, Sammy, I'm getting to that! Gods, as if you actually want to hear all this."
He had to be.
It's actually Lance this time, their deadpan tone making it even funnier and Castiel chuckles too, for which he gets a not-so-light slap of the sticky hand on his side.
He takes his time, slowly and methodically driving Dean right to the edge of desperation with his taste, with little hungry bites and nips and hands roaming all over Dean's body, exploring, teasing.
Sam cleared his throat pointedly.
For whatever reason, she thought that he, drunk and miserable, would be a good company.
"Just a bit... You are almost blindingly hot as is, so wouldn't make that much of a difference."
"This is for the one I would always rather have."
Ignoring him turned out to be useless, he just asked Cas his questions over and over until he answered.
All eyes were on them again.
He added the endearment because of the creep. Still staring. Jesus, that was some dedication.
, this connection, deeper than sex, deeper than the skin to skin contact, seeping straight into his bones and heart and
Eventually he does it.
He trusts him, so carefree, allowing himself to enjoy the moment... And his enjoyment echoes in Castiel's grace with every thrust, every touch. Their moans are invisible ropes, binding them closer to each other. Dean's obedience, his own strokes on his dick, those are like stitches, and Castiel shakes with it, feeling Dean's soul fusing into his own, filling all the little cracks and crevices.
"Guys... Road. Driving. Please."
"I love you," - Cas whispered.
Just as fangs sank once again into his offered neck.
Good thing he was too out of it to actually realise that his little brother had to drag him, butt-naked, bloody, and moaning incoherently through half the city, to the healer.
That he adds later, with slow and steady circles, not pushing in, only teasing, allowing Dean to adjust, to push back with a quiet demand to "hurry the fuck up".
It meant he remembered every moan, every swipe of Dean's tongue on his cock that evening.
The tip that tentacle squishes gently, rubbing at Dean's urethra, and his scream is smothered by Cas' lips when the previously smooth surface changes to something firm and ridged, and then...
It is Cas who answers, calm, but his tone so frigidly polite, it is clear her interruption is not welcome. Dean nods along, looking at the woman properly for the first time. Her name suggests that she's not American at least, but her English is smooth without a hint of an accent. Her face is youthful and a rosy blush accentuates the paleness of it, skin so light, as if she has never walked in the sun. She also seems to perpetually exist in the state of the charming smile, watery blue eyes big and clear, straight fair blond hair neatly tied into a long thick braid snaking over her shoulder. There's something in the whole look that somehow puts Dean ill at ease, but he can't quite put his finger on it and it's possible that it's just his own insecurities playing up again.
"Have you ever... I can't believe I have to ask this, have you actually talked to him?"
There is a moment of silence while the humans take a breath and a sip from their drinks. A sudden shadow falls over Arin's face, usually so ready to light up a room with a smile.
Blinding,
They answer at the same time, Dean turning to Cas and frowning, because Sam dares to snort with a not-that-quiet "sure it is", and Jack just looks confused.
"Gotta swim! While the weather is nice!"
He’s pretty sure something in his mind does break though at the first joined movement of them all.
And right now it’s looking straight up to the ceiling... made into a mirror. Not only the ceiling, though, Dean realises with a start.
People screamed, but Cas hardly cared, his power surging from the shock and anger, his eyes lighting up with otherworldly blue.
"Mills, you're sure that dress of yours is up to code? It sure is triggering a fire alarm over here!"
In the front view of everybody, touching him, and... And maybe he wasn't the only one running away from things.
He was going absolutely crazy, though.
in fact, as much as he can.
Cas lifted his hands, dragging the underwear down Dean's hips.
"Was your brother scratched by this creature?" - Cas pointed at the "cat". The tall man nodded.
"Well... At least there are some perks in all this mess. No need to do the heavy lifting for once...it’s rather nice."
And then he was diving in the scalding heat, melting, into, the first time so close and revelling in it.
"Не то что бы беспокоит... Просто мой партнер не слишком большой поклонник кошек. Аллергия."
Something surging inside of him, alien, new and strong.
As Dean is getting agitated, Sam interjects enthusiastically, intrigued by the story.
Cas whispers in his ear, sure and soothing, alternating words with kisses along Dean’ neck, which relax him bit by bit.
Right as the tentacle in his ass pushes even deeper and starts to swell, light and manageable one second and thick the other. Vibrating all the way.
“I’m sure you’re gonna make plenty of fun of this one, but I found you through a seeing silver platter.”
"I kinda figured that when he started fondling me without consent."
Dean wanted to scream, the sound like a knife at his sensitive hearing, just so... sad.
"LARPing. And a game night. Or a movie night, depending on how the mood is. Strictly friendly."
"Is that what you want?"
He was perfect, of course, but the more Dean was learning, the more the
"Тима?"
"Please! My brother! I don't know what happened, he's not healing! And there's blood and..."
His eyes shine, unchanging and steady, the bluish glow of grace unchecked, so strong, Dean's sure the subtle flickering of the lights is not just a trick of his mind.
"Growing. As in the chicken legs were alive? Moving. A house
, unless you want to see a new hole in this pretty face."
And that he did.
Right now it only flickered lightly, fragile, drained... He wheezed at a sudden punch in the gut...
As the werewolves were chatting between themselves, Cas allowed that moment of weakness to overtake him. He closed his eyes, leaning back onto the pillows and slowly reached inside himself, where his magic laid.
His kisses were perfect too.
"Направо пойдёшь - его потеряешь, себя спасёшь; налево пойдёшь - его спасешь, себя потеряешь; прямо пойдешь - оба убиты будете."
And as the bus stopped at the northern station to pick up the rest of the passengers it started to head towards being downright illegal.
There was a moment of momentary panic as Cas' backpack was lifted right off his knees... And then he was gently guided into the next seat down the aisle, with the stranger taking the last one, closest to the bathroom.
"Them who..?"
They check for charms and hexbags first. Dean dutifully checks over the kitchen, at the same time mapping out the neatly organized layout and making a mental list of groceries they should probably acquire at some point.
As soon as they reached the Impala, Dean was pressed into the side of it and kissed breathless.
"Please... Want you, right now."
"Yeah, babe, I'm right here. Bet you can feel me nice and deep. Taking my cock so good. Like you were made for it."
It was one of those days, it seemed.
It always comes down to him.
His voice, deep and calm is so odds with cries of the song, with the meaning of his words, yet when Dean turned around he sees it all in Cas' eyes. The quiet fire burning, beckoning Dean closer to come and turn to ashes in its heat.
Waking up with Cas star fished all over him, the eternal bed head stuffed into his nose... There were very few things better.
Stay tuned for the next Monday and updates.
Second... the seat that he took is what troubled Dean.
"Yes. You. Only you, Cas. You're the only one I want. Since the moment I saw you... I just..."
"Pretty much. I finished the salads and the burger on the first order, and was just starting on the rest."
It was still bright all around them, and Cas could feel them.
"Ohhh, newbies, aren't you! Hello and welcome!"
He was way too happy around Cas, basking in the attention and the closeness, allowed just a little bit more every time they met.
But at least they weren't freezing their asses (or other bits) off now.
"Good. There's no time for discussions, so just go in and do what you can to make Mr. Winchester feed. It is essential that he receives an infusion of live blood as soon as possible or there could be permanent damage."
"Dean..."
Castiel is staring at Dean, a complicated mix of emotions changing from one to another on his face.
And then Dean reached to his nightstand, getting some jar out and offering it to Cas.
"You're a menace, you know that, right?"
"Oh, Cas, you need some sunscreen too! Come on, turn over."
His ridiculously hot alpha.
It was nice.
Dean finishes on a whisper, hand over his face, hiding and frustrated and afraid. Sam, though, stands up beside him, settling both hands on his shoulders, making Dean face him.
They also don't encounter anyone until they are back to the administrative building. Anyone human, that is. They do see a big outrageously fluffy, black cat lounging on a branch of an old oak and staring them down from the height of it. And, while Dean tries to win a staring match with the thing, Cas seems way too absorbed in examining the tree itself, or rather the weird deep grooves, going horizontally all around the alarmingly wide trunk of it.
He did feel the razor-sharp claws running over his ass and balls and even thighs in a vicious attack.
But damn, it was working.
“Sleep, beloved. You need rest. We have guests tomorrow, unless you’ve forgotten.”
Not the pink lips, and the adorable pair of dog ears on the man's head, that occasionally shook at the random sounds outside.
Pools of black replacing the everlasting green.
Awakening something that Cas didn't know existed in him.
"I'm here, Cas. Come on, darling, move those perfect hips for me. Want to feel you come, just take what you need."
Dean keened softly, surrendering, just letting Cas take all that he wanted, all that he could, and that earned him a trail of soft kisses along his spine.
when they are almost out of earshot, and he whips around only to find it curled up and seemingly asleep.
Dean snorted, but Cas knew him.
"Actually, it's a traditional dwelling of Baba Yaga featured in many stories and legends throughout the Slavic folklore."
Castiel turns at the sudden voice behind him to find Vasilisa standing at the bend of the trail, looking harmless in her blue summer dress, a light smile on her lips. Yet, Castiel hadn’t heard her coming at all. A sudden noise in the forest distracts him, but when he looks all he can see are trees, the branches slightly swaying in the wind. When he looks back again, the woman stands right before him, her steps having gone unheard.
With a lapful of sinfully hot guy.
And he does, fingers clutched onto Cas shirt. Wet face buried in his neck. Cas’ heartbeat in Dean’s ears and his angel's wings around him.
He didn't even notice as his wings unfurled, black feathers rustling as they covered the man lying in bed and casting deep shadows on the walls.
An emptiness that only Cas can fill.
As it was getting colder and colder, Dean felt it more as he started shivering.
And black stockings.
Dean snorts against Cas' shoulder, while Arin and Lance trade meaningful looks.
"What the fuck?! It never was... You know what, never mind. I seem to remember you didn't want to talk to me anymore."
"It’s not that kind of a bar... man."
Smirking at the possessive growl and moaning loud again as Dean sucked a bright mark in Cas' inner thigh, right by his hard, wet cock.
"What are you staring at?" - Dean finally asks, fidgeting in his seat.
And he wasn't in his seat.
"No."
The routine established so deep, he remembered only when he got all dressed and ready to go.
Maybe Dean just needed a little push. Maybe he also didn't know where they stood with each other.
It's only when Dean's back hits the nearest tree, Castiel finally remembers that they left all the needed supplies with their things in the boat which is now agonizingly far away.
Jack is all innocent curiosity and concern, making it very hard to be angry at the kid because yes, he did say exactly that and very recently, too. So he just groans his exasperation, and frustration, and slight discomfort from too tight pants into Cas' shoulder.
Who--in the present--looks at him with a mischievous smirk, probably remembering that moment too.
Soon Cas was moaning for a different reason.
"Dude, come on, let's get inside! I'm not catching a cold out here with you!"
So of course Dean couldn't say no to that. He'd do anything to make his mate happy.
Where they had both lain on their sides, spooning, Cas was now splayed over Dean, his face hidden in the crook of his neck. Also, those seemingly eternally cold hands were tucked under Dean's t-shirt at his waist.
The sickening crack of breaking bones got drowned out by a cry of pain.
The man was slightly older than Cas, it seemed, probably in his mid-20s... And he was frowning, looking right at where that creep still hadn't let go of Cas. He just squeezed his knee tighter, using the cover of Cas' backpack.
The growly, deep voice commands and he obeys, of course he does. It is like a second nature to him by this point.
"Alluring... Tempting... Stunning..." - he kisses along the spine, nuzzling, smiling at Dean's shivers. - "Precious... Ravishing... Divine..."
"You look like a man now... Mostly. Doesn't mean you can't turn into a wolf if you wished."
He buries the end of his mumble in a long swig from the bottle. It is the last one, but he keeps fiddling with the label, needing something to focus on besides the imploring eyes of his brother.
It was always a fucking lottery, which one he would get.
Everything is still tingly, but somehow a little less so, perhaps muted with them being closer to reality. Instead, there is heat, energy pouring off, almost sparkling as Dean cards carefully through the inky shimmering feathers right below the bend of the wing. Cas moans, the sound loud and wanton, barely hidden by the pillow he has his face smashed into.
Maybe he is. He couldn’t care less and he steps forward on shaky legs. To simply kiss his angel, whom he loves so dearly, has loved so dearly for so long.
It was not, and he feared he'd faint instead from how damn intense it felt, everything inside him moving, stretching just to accommodate the size.
All the sweeter was the reunion.
Sam stared at his boyfriend incredulously.
Benny agreed that this was rather alarming, given what they knew about this guy’s psyche, so they were extra vigilant.
Cas could do this.
With which the guy was puking just a minute ago. Funny how Cas actually needed to remind himself of that.
dialogue in <<"quotations like that">> - translated from Russian, or another language (indicated which). You'll see a lot of such dialogue in duplicate versions of chapters, where the characters converse in Russian.
Dean and Arin immediately get into a back-and-forth bickering that looks like something old friends would do and Lance heaves a sigh, turning to Castiel with an exasperated smile.
"I'm... not sure. We should take pictures, just in case, it looks... Familiar somehow."
<<"Yep, that's the guy. He's holding your beau further up in the mountains, while Baba is having her fun with you on the way.">>
Cas did get to his family, but after almost a day spent in the police station, giving his statement, and then in the hospital, getting a checkup. Which turned up perfect, save for some mild shock, understandably.
He licked his lips, dragging the photo he was looking at into the message box and attaching a short note with it before hitting send.
After a while he burrowed into Dean further, squirming until his back was leaning on the seats and he could use Dean's shoulder as a pillow. His hands stubbornly returned under Dean's t-shirt.
Cas had an eidetic memory.
And then when he starts singing, Dean is almost ready to cry.
"You're a doctor or something?"
"Oh, and yes, you can bring a plus one with you. Spouse, or a partner, just make sure they behave and wear a costume.. There're going to be a lot of VIPs at the party."
"Ах да, Тима, Тимофей. Так его зовут. Это мой кот, помогает следить за всем тут. Отлавливать паразитов всяких..."
"Yes, please, Cas, please..."
"We still don't have to do it. What's really bothering you?"
But only until he got his fill.
The wings are also really, really pretty, just as Dean thought they would be. He had always imagined them black, just like the shadows he saw that night in the barn so many years ago, but the reality is so much more amazing.
Dean shamelessly whined, not even bothering to lift his head or move much, except for his hips, instinctively meeting Cas' thrusts, wishing he would slip inside and not just tease him with a slick drag of flesh over his rim.
He has found his better place.
Grabbing Dean in a bear hug and dragging him away. Not caring for the protesting growls. Cas waved as they walked away.
It was nothing like he ever felt before, nothing he could've been prepared for.
nice.
Sinking on his knees, practically ripping Cas' zipper in a hurry to get his pants off.
A shower is next, which takes a lot longer than it should because they simply cannot stop kissing. And touching. They don’t take it further, Dean is hesitant and Cas is seemingly content to take it at Dean’s pace. But eventually they have to get out, and Dean is just a little bit distracted by the wet curls of black, clinging to Cas' exposed neck when he doesn’t bother with a shirt.
It was Dean almost coming on the spot while he watched Cas doing exactly what was asked of him.
Bony-creep shrieks. Cas grunts, holding him back. Dean is just confused.
And it is clearly far from over.
As he was trying to lean away, he felt... A hand?
Because as Dean stepped out of the bathroom, rubbing a towel over his hair he stepped onto... a paper.
Castiel bites into his inner thigh, sucking on the skin, no doubt leaving a mark.
"I wasn't
A hopeful glimmer in the green eyes.
But just as the child was going into full-on hysterics... Dean heard Benny's voice.
Just as he was leaving, the lights came back on. Someone cheered, somebody laughed in relief, but Dean couldn't really see Cas from over here.
Damn. This assignment sucked indeed. But maybe there would be time to get to know Cas better after... Dean hoped. He could hope, at least.
And with a widest shit-eating grin he carries Dean back to the trail, dutifully and stubbornly following through this ridiculous affair, no matter how much Dean yells and begs. In the end Dean just hangs on, though silent and grumpy and absolutely not enjoying it, oh no. There is no enjoyment for Dean, no matter how heady and pretty much dreamy it feels to be carried like that. As if he weighs nothing, secure and comfortable in angel’s arms. Dean stifles a groan when he notices a barely there shadows of the wings, stretched out behind Cas' back in the evening gloom. Not quite visible, but still there, helping to balance along their descent.
But they made it work. Because they were so much better together than apart.
"That's not funny, Cas!"
It’s like being dunked in cold water to sober up, except all the fuzzy and nice feelings stay right where they are.
He’d gone for so long thinking that Dean was his, despite the flirting and the silence...
Every cell in Dean's body still sings with satisfaction, but now there is lust again, fresh and nagging impatience for more, and more, and
So they lay down on the sun drenched pier after, double layers of towels behind Castiel's back and Dean atop, using him as a pillow. He hardly minds, the weight of the sleepy human is comforting, the afterglow of their joining still lingers, filling him with warmth and joy at being so connected. And also happy for Dean, for him being able to finally let go of a little more of his insecurities and simply enjoy something together.
There were reports to submit, the paperwork for transfer, and his own statements to make, and a million other things that followed catching a criminal of such caliber.
Sam, his little brother, is the hardest to persuade.
"Good."
"Oh," - that's all he said, though. Dean couldn't stifle the hurt whine in his throat, taking an unconscious step towards Cas.
"Пожалуй..."
Not the one Dean just vacated, the other one. The clean one.
He had to know. He had to see, to check... He wanted to believe Dean so bad, to believe those words... He did what he’d promised himself he wouldn't. What he was so afraid to do, why he was afraid to even try to get close to anybody.
"Cas..." - Jesus, that stare would be the death of him.
The shine of blue eyes clearly stole his heart.
"Are you sure? I thought you were trying to dive into your phone or something."
Dean used his hands to show her a middle finger, much to Jo’s amusement, before grabbing a paper with a fresh order.
He didn't know what was the problem. Whether Cas was afraid of the dark, or being left alone in it, or the guy near him. Maybe all of the above.
He could barely wait until he could leave.
Each flirtatious bat of Dean's eyelashes.
Cas held up on the stand perfectly too. Calm, but with enough emotion shining through to convince the jury. His story was clear and concise, and Dean was sure they had this.
Because right in the middle of the path sits a tiny, quietly purring... lion cub.
And now he was here.
He must be dreaming, or...
Each jerk of his hands as he stroked himself to completion, still on his knees.
Cas shifts, restless, murmuring his name, snapping Dean from his reverie and into action.
The thunderous voice of the angel shook the windows, throwing the machines around them first into a beeping hysterics from the interference and them shutting them off entirely.
People were looking at them now.
The hunter takes the opportunity to get a stock of his surroundings instead--a half-dark room, small and looking more like a dry cave than a building, with its stone walls and domed ceiling. He is laid out on a bed, an extremely fluffy luxuriant fourposter, more at home at some fancy hotel than a monster’s lair. The bedding is also disgustingly gentle pink, as if it crawled out of some teenage girl’s dreams, complete with a transparent gauze as a frilly canopy.
"Shit."
"I swear, I didn't mean anything bad! The opposite actually... You're... You just blew my mind."
That's what Dean said, didn't he.
<<"Don't touch my child, Knight and I'll be of service to you later on.">>
So that's how he remains till morning light comes, wrapped around his beloved, body, heart and soul. Watching in rapt adoration as he breathes in and out, as his lashes flutter from his dreams, peaceful for once, as his lips and fingers sometimes twitch at something unseen inside them. Castiel is at peace too, a tiny stolen moment just for him to cherish and remember for all eternity, or until Death manages to claim him permanently.
Distractedly, Dean sent a silent thank you for whoever it was that figured out slick resistant boxers that saved him cleaning some impressive stains from Baby.
With a snap of angel's fingers his clothes disappeared into the ether, making Dean swallow his words far better than an order.
Naked, of course, as a good night of good sex required.
And Dean squeaks--a sounds he'll never admit to making and would kill anybody who tried to argue--when Cas suddenly and very literally sweeps his off his feet, lifting him into an effortless bridal carry.
And only then he descended on Cas, still laughing on his bed.
"What? Why? I snapped that thing pretty easily, considering everything."
And not just straight in, no, they move and wrap around the tentacle already in Dean, giving it additional texture and width and stretching Dean so open he’s sure he will break any second.
It really helps to settle the suspicious questions as to how exactly all the repairs and renovations are done... Because there are no construction workers now, only Castiel, modifying the house he belongs to which houses the studio now, as he sees fit.
"Something that Lance said bothers me. About... the "top energy" in particular."
The more important part, though, they were moving again.
under his nose, and he licks and sucks at his fucked open entrance. Lapping up his own come, Dean moans helplessly, thrusting back against the tongue, into fingers that Castiel fucks into him along with his tongue, milking him for every drop. He finds his prostate again and again, rubs around and into it in tight spirals. And with a long, shaky moan of "Cas", Dean comes, his back arching off the tree.
"Right, Dean-o! I actually have some ideas for the costumes, because of course, we're going in matching ones, right?"
"Any allergies to meds?" - Dean shook his head no. Groaning again. He probably had a headache as well. - "Then take those. Just one sip of water, it's best not to irritate your stomach too much right now. We'll see if those stay down."
That is probably rather poetic, because it has always been him who refused to budge, to acknowledge the profound bond they always had. And he has to be the one who breaks the unspoken standoff.
Their staring match is interrupted by Castiel's phone going off, the opening chorus of "Cherry Pie" startlingly loud in the calm of the forest. It seems to shake Vasilisa out of her weird mood and she takes a step back, her charming smile returning in full. The angel answers the call, the worried voice of his favorite human immediately settling him somewhat.
"Guys, would you stop fighting?"
"You see, Jack, I freed him from a lifetime of servitude for the vicious and demanding witch that was his mistress, so he is very grateful to me for that."
"Very. Also... I did some research. You rarely mention it, but all accounts point that you are quite entertained by the... anime, it's called? Charlie helped me to track down some of your favorites. So today will be special. If you allow me..."
Settling the last box of his stuff into his bedroom after the move, he practically jumps out of his skin at the sound of the voice behind him.
"Our next contestant is very new to the stage, you might say as innocent as an angel, even... So be gentle, folks. Give it up for Castiel who’s gonna sing “Him” by Sam Smith!"
He squeezes right at the bend, and under his palms that oil flows freely, its aroma so strong it makes Dean lightheaded and that sets Cas off, wings quivering, his body writhing, while Dean just hangs on. It's the pleading whine of his name that sounds as if it was torn from Cas, that gets him moving.
They’re actually kind of pretty too.
"Он вас беспокоит?"
This phrase was another one. A signal, to check if the other was up for some fun. Dean was so up for it, it was starting to get inappropriate for a workplace.
<<"Tima?">>
And he was talking as if they knew each other. More so, were close... Very close, apparently.
Totally forgetting his coat and the wallet, and realising it only when the disgruntled cabby yelled at him to pay.
With Cas, mad with worry, shouting at the receptionist to tell him where Dean Winchester is.
With just one arm left for balance, another sneaking into his soaked panties, gripping his own cock tight and keening loudly with it.
"Меч-кладенец"
Bright lips stained white.
And while all the heavenly imagery grates a bit on Dean's nerves, the photos look simply perfect. Forests and mountains make it a remote, less travelled location, the lake's blue surface inviting the onlooker to take a dip, its color reminiscent of Cas' eyes...
"Nah... Just. Really bad tacos. Urgh. Fuck, I don't have time for this..."
Smashed his face into the snow, muffling the shouts, the hand still in the hold, and his own knee between Alistair's shoulder blades, totally immobilizing him.
So yeah, here he was, smiling at the little girl and giving her crayons.
Now Castiel smiles fully. He tilts his head to the side so it’s easier to catch a glance of Dean’s green eyes, that are currently bouncing between the road and the angel.
"Well... No. Thanks, man."
Cas had never felt like this.
close to what he wanted. It was like a charm. After those two guys each nameless stranger he fucked against the wall of that weird house was bigger than the last. It was like a fricking parade of big dicks out of Dean’s best wet dreams.
"You think?!"
Which seems to be some kind of a goal instead of a simple torture. First, he comes across a bird's nest, conveniently filled with eggs and located so low in the branches of the willow that it's obviously trying to entice the desire to grab them. He battles that desire fairly easily, however, and walks right past it, noticing a brightly colored bird settling in the nest with unnaturally exaggerated chirrups. It sounds a lot like something a human would do, trying to imitate a bird, which is strange even for this situation.
"Fair enough," - Cas stood, extending his hand for the agent. - "What's the plan?"
Until there was a hesitant voice at the door, totally ruining the moment.
Cas nods, barely catching a breath, and still moaning weakly every time Dean touches the wings, helping to rearrange them, until Cas is splayed on his back.
At least Cas kept Dean from falling right back asleep.
Dean couldn't help it, the pressure, the fullness seemed to truly split him apart but he felt so fucking fantastic, he came, sobbing and shaking. And Cas finally followed him over the edge too, a wanton groan washing over Dean with immense gratification, that he’d done that, he’d made that magnificent being lose it.
"Cas... You look..."
[["Beach. Grab the swimming trunks!"]]
"Student. First-year med-school. So?"
About his eyes, and lips, and strong arms. He steps into a warm jets of the shower, his eyes closing to return to that moment, when Cas held him, and carried him. How those arms would feel holding him with a different intent, carrying him to another high.
Which somebody used to his advantage.
He could kick his idiotic ass after he had saved him.
“I can feel them all the time, but they don’t get in the way, unless I want it. They mostly exist in a sort of parallel dimension, unseen and not interacting with this one. Again, unless I want it.”
"I keep saying I've missed you when I return... But there are just no words to tell you... Damn, Cas. It's hard to sleep without you. And this... There's no one else. No one even comes close."
It is as if a supernova goes off in the angel's chest, his orgasm sudden, punched out of him. And even with his grace locked in place, he feels it, feels them both becoming one as Dean shakes and clasps at his shoulder, whispering something in his ear.
Dean freezes for a moment, mouth gaping like a fish and the angel can watch in real time how his cheeks turn bright red, standing so close he can feel the heat coming off of them. Right until his human groans miserably, burying his flaming face on Castiel’s shoulder, gripping him in a vice tight hug.
It looks like a good place to get a read on the locals and learn the latest gossip, so they find the doors and go on in.
"Oh for the love of gods! If you do that again, I
<<"Thank you for sparing us, Knight. I'm not sure what lies ahead for you, but be careful.">>
Still, he should've known...
"Hey... I don't think anybody's gonna sit there... Come on, sweetheart."
It is tricky after.
Cas, usually so careful with his powers, wiped the mind of the poor man without a second thought, all his being focused on getting to his boyfriend as fast as possible.
Dean glanced down, looking for an escape from his thoughts, finding only more fuel for them.
"Well... Good morning anyway, Cas."
Dean sees from his side as Cas smiles softly, as he only ever does with Jack. It is a very special smile, different from the way he smiles at Dean, or even at Sam. It is gentle, and proud, and protective. There is that infinite love, subtle, but still always shining through that Dean can compare only to the way Mary looked at him when he was a kid.
"So?"
But the more Dean talked, the more needy Cas sounded. Moans turning to whines. So he kept going.
He nearly screams when Dean, trying to hug him closer, skirts over the edge of his wing, too sensitive and vibrating in its confines.
"Wanna be a doctor, ha, pretty?"
Dean is momentarily shocked at how weak his voice sounds, barely a whisper when he meant to shout, his throat dry and tongue barely moving.
The human is right on his heels, crossing the distance between them with practiced, impressive laps.
"This is not a lot of help, you know."
Dean runs up to his side, wet and panting, snagging the closest towel from the ones that Cas brought. The rain picks up quickly, almost unnaturally so, but Castiel is mesmerized by Dean. With raindrops on his eyelashes, wet hair sticking up when he rubs it with a towel in a quick, efficient move, jostled only when Dean catches him staring.
Ruthless.
He's so absorbed by his fantasy, distractedly running soaped up palms across his chest, imagining it to be Cas' hands, that he doesn’t notice the
"Shoo. Go away."
Why would he, when Cas is not just making all his dreams come true, but surpassing them by a clear mile.
"What? Is Home Depot the fricken authority? It’s. A. Pool. Chair."
"Fuck, Cas."
The sounds he made, helpless, needy...
Whatever that was about, the bony creep doesn't like it, growling in rage. But this time instead of diving at Cas, he decides to make a pass at Dean. Who still lies on the bed, very much helpless. Just his luck, of course.
"Her? She's just a cat. An overly possessive one, but..."
, Dean’s very soul reaching towards Cas with terrifying strength. Its ardent yearning echoing through their bond so loud that the angel could barely hear anything else.
In private, behind closed doors of closets and empty offices, sometimes in barely covered corners...
It felt like it at least.
Right next to the visibly cheered up girl that Cas had taken a shine to and her mother.
The angel under him twitches, wings fluttering slightly, but not pulling away, instead, pressing into his human's exploring hands.
"I do not mind hugging."
Soft and genuine, just like he always did for Cas.
Sam stepped forward, his shoulders sagging in a clear relief and he offered Cas a weak smile.
By the time he’d coaxed a sleepy Cas into different position he was regretting each and every choice that lead him here, to this bus, to this moment.
The please is there, unsaid but still heard, blue eyes trained on him, softening. Then, finally, Cas is shrugging off that blasted trenchcoat and the shoes, tie and belt. He pauses uncertainly with the rest, fingers still on the buttons of his shirt. But Dean is already grabbing his hand to drag him under the blankets.
"Не хочу вас расстраивать, но я так же бессмертен. Предлагаю вам рассмотреть немедленную капитуляцию."
And while it was rather nice, the actual shock was that she... was...restoring his magic.
“It depends…” Cas is silent for a moment, thinking it over, glancing at Dean in curiosity, but he doesn’t question the sudden interrogation. “They are usually safe, unless my opponent is very strong or attacks my grace directly. As to the touch… If it’s not done with harmful intent, and from somebody I trust… It can work. I can also bring them closer to this reality at will, if needed.”
"Dean, I don't sleep."
"Well, it's not enough for me."
Which he did, impeccably as always, but...
Or something more.
"Mhm?" - Cas looked at him distractedly, tilting his head. A lock of the tousled black hair fell on his forehead. It was a struggle to not reach out to swipe it away. - "Ah, yes, actually. Even Meg did this time, so now I'll have to buy her lunch next year..."
Grumpy. Even with his voice laced with bliss and fucked out satisfaction.
Silent until he talked, that is, with a youthful voice coming from the animal without actually moving his mouth, confirming a long time suspicion of Castiel’s that he is most likely a Familiar.
"Yes... Magic... Takes its toll. I just need to rest a bit."
"Don't worry Sam, I don't mind if Dean thinks about sex with Castiel all the time. It makes them both happy."
Cas had an eidetic memory.
Dean's ass, deeper and deeper. Curling into a spiral along the way, spreading him open, its touch so
Dean and Charlie did wear matching outfits.
Allowing new ones to be made in their place.
"I don't see how that answers my question, Mr. Novak," - the slimy grin on lawyer's face just screamed, "I got you!". Cas though... Cas was still cool as a cucumber, continuing totally unperturbed.
They settle, Dean draped over his angel, with terrifying ease finding the perfect position. As if they always do this - lay so intertwined he can hear a steady beat of Cas' heart in his chest. The rising and falling of the ribcage with measured breaths, unneeded but so soothing. Because Cas is there, whole and alive, warm and solid, not the pale lifeless corpse that has haunted Dean's dreams every night before.
Cas wished he could forget it all.
He can feel it as one of them changes shape again, ridges giving way to something thinner, and coating itself with slick. Right before it pushes in, in and
And while he starts confident and indulgent, Cas finishes pleading and gasping, because Dean is already sliding his fingers through the feathers, gentle and curious.
Dean was all teeth and frustration.
When she was smiling back, shaking off the momentary confusion, and nodding.
It wasn't long before Dean was aching with desire, thrusting up to meet each grind and push.
But Cas was already tuning out the man, examining the wounds.
They might even not walk anywhere at all, just go around the building where nobody will see and with one flap of the wings they'll be in their warded out cabin, on the bed... Or maybe couch, with Dean bent over the...
"You look like a holy tax accountant, more like it."
tentacles.
"First off... I'm sorry, Cas. It's not an excuse, I realise it, but... My instincts have gone into overdrive and I haven't stopped even for a second to think how it might look from your side."
Just a little bit more every time, the makeshift beads, the size of which are ever increasing, are pushed into him.
Apparently, "discussing things with words" was a very, very long affair.
For about twenty minutes or so.
Dean hummed. Cas could see him so close, could feel the strength in the arms holding him up... He yelped in surprise, when he got scooped up into a bridal carry. And taken to the bed.
"Come on, Dean. Let's return to the cabin, we still have to update Sam."
Sam is watching in fascinated surprise at how much his older brother has changed for those short two weeks at the retreat and how much more open he is now.
"Ehm... I kinda need to go too."
"I so prefer you disgustingly sappy. Just saying."
"I want you to be my mate, Cas. Want to be with you. I'm sorry that I let my wolf turn it into such a mess... But you're awesome. Really."
Spread, itching under his skin, below his ribcage, pulsing in his veins.
Seriously, it was harder and harder to feel sick by the second. Things were harder in general.
Each day after that he has to wait and bide his time before he can see Cas again, is a torture.
And damn, if this wasn't for the life or death situation, Dean would probably be having a boner just from the sight unfolding before his eyes.
More and more.
It's the last somewhat coherent thought of his though, because Cas was true to his word to the last. There was a real-life knot expanding inside Dean, stretching him to the brink, and load after load of hot sperm coating his insides, stuffing him full.
"That... Yeah, that tracks, actually. But wouldn't this thing make a nest in a more... you know,
"Idiot," - Cas whispered back, fighting back a smile and losing. - "Good thing I love you."
And she didn't stop no matter what Dean said.
"Come one, let's get dry and lie down. You can stretch them there."
So all he says is
"Yeah, yeah, here, water, gauze, and ouch, that looks nasty," - his assistant was already by his side, settling the basin with water on the low stool she brought.
And with it, that feeling that was filling Cas, overflowed, the current too strong to stop.
The angel only nods, but the mortar seems to hasten its flight and Dean grabs onto Cas' waist tightly.
In the meantime, Dean had Cas.
The creature was taking up a lot of it.
Dean Winchester was a contradictory man.
"And what might you want?"
To find a chimera, who just jumped onto him, staring Cas down.
Cas didn't answer. Too busy squirming in Dean's lap, getting used to the intrusion and torturing Dean all in one.
Dean catches him, of course and when Cas lift his eyes to him they sparkle with a whisper of grace, a flash of white. And as Cas grits out a "yes" that sounds like it’s not totally connected to the actual question, Dean feels his knees go a little weak right there.
Another thing Cas had never seen before, as Dean was ever so careful around him with his vampiric nature.
His internet searches, for some reason keep linking him to a couples‘ resort, which apparently is ideal for what he wanted. His inner battle against anything labeled as chick flick, as goods and services marketed for couples, quickly dies, though, when he sees one of the ads.
It's hard to concentrate though, when Dean is all around him, tight and moaning. He meets the angel's movement every time, all shame or decency long forgotten in favor of simply taking what he wants. It's beautiful and addictive, and Castiel snaps his hips faster, deeper, to get more of the delicious sounds Dean makes each time.
He comes back to the land of the living and the conscious with a groan, exhausted beyond belief, bone tired. Yet those same bones still feel like very pleased jelly and he can work with that. There is also surprisingly little liquid...or anything, just Cas still beneath him, clean and warm and the light and cool embrace of the wings around him.
And has tentacles now.
Cas was clearly having trouble but he stubbornly stayed settled there. Determined to finish it just like that, Dean recognized that crinkle in his eyebrows.
Frowned.
He’d gotten everything wrong.
It sounds reasonable, mature. Talk. Discuss. Nothing at all like what Dean usually does, so it must be some good advice. He nods, resolving to step out of his own way and deal with the roiling mess of emotions in his chest in a way he hasn’t before. With the person causing them. With Cas. But first he needs to find a place, an occasion. “Alone for a bit” rings in his head as he retreats to his room, going straight for the laptop and starting the research. “To settle it all.”
Except, Dean just starts taking all of their things from Castiel’s hands, his movements jerky but without a word spoken. Only after everything is precariously folded in Dean’s arms, does he lift his head. And smirk.
Didn't see the yellow eyes glimmering in threat.
He sounded really apologetic. And serious. Serious enough for Cas to laugh slightly, turning a bit, leaning into the stranger... Well, into
He had also gotten an offer for a sick day.
, but I'm kinda halfway to coming already, so."
why you're doing any of that?"
He turned to Dean, watching him under the uneven lights of the party.
Castiel holds onto the knowledge--not very comforting--that in all the previous cases the pairs appeared to have been killed together, so Dean must be okay for now... He must be. Castiel would know if he wasn't, wouldn’t he?
On the contrary, the vision of this, the wet sounds are just like the final nails in the metaphorical coffin of one Dean Winchester, who came too close to the fire and now is burning in it alive.
"Here, start on those before Benny gets here. At least it'll give your hands something decent to do."
A blush rises high on his cheeks and spreads down his chest, his freckles stark against it.
The room swirled around them in Cas' eyes, shifting in and out of focus, slipping between the planes of existence in a lusty haze.
"What about? He didn't answer any of the courtship steps! You know we should talk about moving in only after he does!"
"You always say that. I think you just don't like it when I drink," - he scoffs, following Cas through the dark halls of the studio. He isn't really that annoyed at sobering up, the excitement for his surprise keeps him bubbling to calm down the nerves.
As soon as he found some free time.
"Cas...?"
Dean doesn’t miss the wistful smile of Cas when he talks about it. He knows, knew for a long time, that his angel gave up more than a job or a home for him. Cas gave up a literal part of himself to support Dean and fight his battles. He promises to thank Jack again for returning that part to Cas, because it is clear how important it is to him.
“Thank you. So, is there food in this place or are we supposed to starve?”
Breaking open the last walls he built to give way to the holy, lewd, desperate need feeling all of him.
"I... Yes... Sorry..." - Cas mumbled, ashamed yet still barely holding his strength in check, emotions threatening to overthrow his last barriers.
Not that concerned frown of the black eyebrows, and not those blue eyes, so close...
A sudden pang of hurt shot through his belly, making him groan.
His legs spread and knees bent, as far as they would go, out of the way of Cas nestled between them. Available, open to receive the marks adorning his skin and the faint red lines of the tentacles as if from ropes.
"Hello. I hope you are both well, Arin, Lance."
And, finally, Crowley.
"It's not... me, though. It's just a vessel."
Dean released him, and instead of whatever reaction Cas was scared of... Smiled. So wide it had to be painful for his cheeks. And then he dropped the sweetest kiss on Cas' lips, the deep, steady purr reverberating from his chest. That purr that in his thoughts Cas hoped meant "I love you".
His hips grind forward all by themselves when his angel digs his fingers into the meat of his ass. All Dean can do is moan helplessly at the onslaught of sensations and thoughts, and Cas biting his neck, leaving bruises for sure.
He mumbles, standing up to escape Sam's brows shooting up high and Jack’s giggling, and he needs a drink now. Even though Cas' strengthening back to the proud puffed out chest is warming him up from the inside.
"Don't leave me."
Dean's eyes roll back, he tenses, just for a moment, before accepting the intrusion. The last barriers between them falling, trust and pleasure taking their place. Castiel moans his delight against Dean’s throat, stars exploding under his own closed eyelids with the sensation of the movement, closer, deeper...
He was sure the whole deal was thanks to the even more weird statue that was...built into...glued to...etched into…?? He never could figure it out precisely, but regardless, there was a statue over the front door of that abandoned house. A human-ish looking figure, kneeling, with hands cupped over their crotch where a much larger than average protrusion lay.
Getting to know all the things about Cas' life.
Assessing him with a look, Cas came to the decision. He took a couple of pills from the kit, the water bottle from the bag and walked back to the agent. Who was still sitting on the dirty floor, hugging the toilet. Cas tried his best not to think of all the germs that he was collecting from over there.
Dean still whispered every praising word that came to his mind as he watched.
me! That you were... laughing at me..."
It was like a movie.
Almost.
There turns out to be new messages on both of their phones.
He gets him rather excited instead but neither particularly mind.
Dean was frustrated. He was bending over backwards for the last month since he met the healer, doing
No, Dean Winchester has finally entrusted him his heart, fully and openly. And the angel is soaring on a high he could not have hoped to reach, not even with his fully returned-in-glory wings... Though they are nice too, of course. The almost but never truly forgotten weight of them on his back, the true stretch of his power. And now he knows Dean likes them too, likes them
Cas knew he shouldn't, but he just couldn't stop.
Remembering at the last moment to shout at the assembling students that the class was canceled.
"Fascinating! So the fairy tales about ancient slavic warriors going after three animals for Koshey's Death are true! More or less. They were clearly not as successful as stories claim since Koshey still lived, but nonetheless!"
But he had probably became a masochist at some point.
"Hm... Maybe you need some motivation then?"
expecting to hear at a bar in Hong Kong on New Year’s Eve was a very familiar voice.
“Cas, if I have another bite, I’m gonna explode like that guy from ‘The Meaning of Life’.” Dean chuckles to himself, remembering the look on Cas’ face during that scene — “That is revolting, and also highly unlikely” — when they had watched it during one of their movie nights back in the bunker.
are going to have their operations not only
The bunker is suddenly plunged into darkness, then bathed in dark red light a second later, the alarm klaxons blaring in their ears.
Cas looks up from his phone; warm eyes meet Dean’s and a flick of a pink tongue wets his dusky lips — the intent clear, and Dean can’t wait. He glances around the dim restaurant for their waiter.
Flushed, flustered, and a bit turned on, he headed toward the sound, and now smell, of sizzling bacon.
With an almost imperceptible sob, Dean pressed his forehead to Cas'.
“You have to get me into that poker game, obviously,” Dean snarks, then continues quickly when he hears Ellen take a breath to speak. “I can do it, Ellen.”  He catches Sam’s eyes again and shoves every bit of confidence and resolve he has into his gaze. “You know I can, Sam.”
, flashing and crackling like the lightning in the sky.
“You heard what I told Lee — the  room was full of Leviathan, Cas.” Dean runs a hand down his face. “And the ones that aren’t might soon be. I have to get back up to the room and look at the video I have on the players again… see if I can tell who’s who, and who’s ooze.”
“Hurry.” He hears Sam’s footsteps receding and he flips off the door. Grabbing a flannel, he pulls that on as well and sighs again as his stomach rumbles.
Sam slapped a palm to his face. “Dude, it’s… CREEPY, okay?”
“Fifty thousand.”
When he heard Sam’s knock, the possibility of a way to remove the curse whispered through the door, his heart rate accelerated alarmingly and he had to calm himself so as to not wake Dean. Even so, Dean stirred slightly in his sleep and released Castiel’s finger, rolling to face away from him and pulling the small blanket up around his shoulders, his breathing returning to the slow pace of slumber.
Cas gives him a wide grin before following him into the water, quickly swimming up to Dean.
“Cas,” the words coming so softly Castiel has trouble hearing them over the pounding of the rain on the roof of the motel, and the pounding of his own heart. “Castiel,” Dean repeats, his voice strengthening with conviction, his eyes cast upwards, hope and love shining in them.
“I’m the driver, Dean. I get to pick the music.”
Well, beehives. Of course they were going to stop there.
Still as beautiful as the day he disappeared from Castiel’s life.
Castiel reaches for the bottle, remembering Dean’s preparations during their Bonding. “Dean… may I?”
The expression Dean had been wearing when he had lunged in the path of the witch’s attack was frozen on his face - panic and determination in equal measure, the green eyes wide and alarmed, lips drawn in concentration. It was a similar expression to the one Dean had been wearing upon their return to the Bunker after the last confrontation with Chuck. They had retired to the kitchen to give Sam and Eileen some privacy -- her experiences of being such an easy pawn for Chuck had shaken her to her core, filling her with the overwhelming need to leave until she could “find something real” --  and as they sat together at the kitchen table, Castiel could see the tension still lurking in Dean: lips drawn, green eyes blazing - but then, it had been with anger and determination; his eyes not quite so wide, the pupils not quite so dilated. Their knees brushing under the table, Castiel could feel the tension there as well, and his hands clenched around the glass of whiskey, a visual indicator of the same. He had reached out then, his fingers brushing against Dean’s against the glass, trying to coerce him to let go, to relax. He had leaned forward, to press his forehead against Dean’s to offer some modicum of comfort. It had been in the process of working - Dean’s face had tilted up, full lips millimeters away from contact with his own, Dean’s index finger loosening on the glass to stroke against his, when Sam made an obvious show of being present, startling Dean away from the contact - much to Castiel’s intense and lingering regret.
Dean suddenly realizes he’s the luckiest sonuvabitch alive.
“Which one?” Dean growls. He can’t believe it.  Leviathans, who are technically shapeshifters, killed another family member. It’s like adding salt to the wound.
get you out of the hot water you’re in with the BMoL.”
“Twenty-eight hours, thirty-five minutes and eighteen seconds,” Cas intoned simultaneously.
, Cas,” Dean snarls, then backs down hastily and takes a deep breath.
The smell of ozone fills the air, the light beginning to dim around them - but Dean is too busy being stunned by the sight of Feathers to notice; the single ebony wing stretching nearly to the top corner of the cabin. He begins to notice when he sees blue-white sparks shooting between the iridescent feathers, blue eyes appearing to glow and flash in the dimming light. Tearing his eyes away, he glances up at the sky to see sparse clouds beginning to form, blocking the sun - and then dissipate almost as quickly as Feathers pulled the wing back in. As he did so, he seemed to shrink back into himself, and Dean ran to him as he began to topple over, catching him before he fell onto his injured wing.
to the imagination and sets Dean’s mouth to watering.
He couldn't help but chuckle a little at the thought, even though his annoyance.
Dean gets a glass of the dark red wine, Cas a glass of mead, and they head to a table in the corner, away from the noise of the bar.
“Go get him. He’s all yours,” he says over his shoulder, his eyes fixed on Cas. Out of the corner of his eye he sees Charlie nod and spin, finger raising instantly to the small hidden microphone in her ear as she dashes from the room in pursuit.
As they reached the door to Dean’s room, Sam paused, then grabbed Cas’ arm, stopping him before he could open the door.
“Gentlemen, please show your cards.”
“The game is in four days. It’s an eighteen-hour drive to Vegas and I want to get there a day early to meet with Lee beforehand.” He pushes himself off the trunk, turns to face Sam and Cas. “I want to leave bright and early tomorrow.” He doesn’t meet Cas’ gaze, opting to focus on the wall over his shoulder instead. “So pack and get some shut-eye. It’s gonna be a long drive.”
“Wait…” Cas straightens and Dean instantly misses his warmth, just then realizing how chilly the night had become as Cas frog-crawls over to his bench, reaches behind and pulls out — to Dean’s infinite surprise — four sleeping bags.
Cas' eyes flutter open and he springs upright, eyes darting to Dean in alarm, a hand flying to Dean's shoulder.
Jody squints, puzzled. “So, how did you fuck up?” Her eyes grow hard. “You better have meant it.”
This time, Cas turns to him, but his eyes are now full of curiosity.
He never believed he would ever be able to have this — happiness, joy… love. Never in a thousand years. And yet, here he is, the joy bubbling up in his chest escaping in a small chuckle, the grin on his face wide enough to hurt his cheeks. He turns back to the grill, still chuckling, and carefully places the burgers on the grate.
have its uses,” he says softly before pressing another kiss to his lips, the tip of his tongue sliding along the seam.
Dean chuckles, "'Cars', yeah. I guess it does a little. Not surprising since Radiator Springs was supposed to represent towns on the Route that went belly-up after the freeways were built."
For a brief moment, Dean stiffened at the contact, then with a muffled groan, softened against him, giving over to the kiss and returning it in kind. When Castiel realized what he’d done, he pulled away quickly, glancing around at the other boys in alarm. But no one had noticed - the room was dark and the other boys were still focused on the movie. Hesitantly, he turned back to Dean, fearing what he would see on his face.
,” Ellen says and pauses. Dean tears his eyes away from Castiel’s, focusing back on Ellen. He’s eager to hear the plan — not like he isn’t going to shoot holes in it and do it his way anyway, but the old adage of ‘knowing the rules in order to better break them’ applies. He learned this
Dean grins and snatches the remaining two sleeping bags. “That you zip yours up to mine and keep me warm, of course!”
Dean continues to poke the bear that is Castiel. “Won’t you sign it, dear? You’re the money, after all.” The glare Cas is directing at him deepens, and Dean is taken aback slightly, swearing he could see actual sparks in his eyes. He swallows nervously.
"I'm sure you are..."
"I missed you so much, sweetheart."
Or maybe food poisoning?
faint at that. Time stretched and slowed, every sensation and feeling concentrated on that sublime pressure he feels, the delightful mix of pain and pleasure, too much and still not enough somehow. He's tired, sleepy with exhaustion settling in his abused muscles, but Cas is still inside him, grinding in those little figure eights pattern that promises something even better.
He was already signed up for a three-year contract in the craziest populated shred of land in all the kingdom. Which was populated fully and only by all kinds of supernatural creatures from all over the world.
"Ah. That. Felix and Roland, the last couple to... you know..." Lance gestures vaguely, frowning in the direction of the bar where Arin is trying to get a bartender's attention. It isn’t going that well, it seems, and Lance stands up too, already moving to help, but adding as they go, "...they were just as... erm... “not” sappy.”
Cas' eyes are soft and serious, as he extends his hand, palm up, as if it's not a walk, but a frikkin dance formal, and Dean laughs soundlessly at the ridiculousness of it.
Right until the second the bus' engine groaned, splattered... And stilled.
Before he could ask to maybe drive to work together.
And she looked positively radiant in the old style crimson dress with a corset and a matching mask.
Typing, Dean couldn't hold back an amused smile. That was so Cas, always with the proper punctuation, even in the simplest texts. Such a nerd.
Which was absolutely not the right thing to think about right now. At all.
The green of those eyes...
There’s Ash, his college ex; totally crazy and totally genius.
There were other perks as well.
"They are not my friends though..." Jack tilts his head thoughtfully in the sudden awkward silence. "They are my family. And Castiel is my father."
He just needed to forget.
To make his hips buck as Dean sucked that cock back into his mouth, purring still. Cas liked it, when he purred. A lot.
A warmth, satisfaction, so clearly not his own, settling into his chest as a silent thank you.
Shimmering blue eyes stare him down, as Cas stops before a door. Dean doesn't recognize it and is far too busy drowning in the God's gaze to pay attention to, as mushy as that sounds.
"You're up already?"
too much.
"I'm gonna take a shower," - he announces instead, escaping to the bathroom before he hears a response.
After getting past the initial surprise, Dean made sure to stick his legs out so that if the target were to try to leave in the confusion, he'd certainly trip on them and alert Dean.
Yet he’s still the one that Cas smiles at and on whose cheek he drops a quick kiss while passing by. He’s still the one he always comes back to, and Dean is way too selfish to just let it go and make him find somebody better. Because for him, Cas is that "better"--no, he's just "the best" and probably that sappy "only" too. So screw the universe, he's keeping Cas this time and he’s not letting go.
Wickedly, truly wickedly, all of them move in synch, and if Dean hadn’t come only a short while ago, he is sure he'd be coming now.
A bite around his nipple, sucking, tongue teasing the sensitive flesh.
Dean tries, valiantly so, to appear unaffected, but the first lurch of the mortar under his feet at take off has him hiding his face in Cas' shoulder. He doesn't want to see. He is technically still injured, or whatever.
Dean isn't usually the one to doubt his angel's powers, but really, it was just a needle and they couldn't break it with three pairs of magical hands?
It is always him, but Dean blushes and turns away, murmuring in his cup something about creepy angels, but he's also smiling. It's a small, half-formed thing, because Dean still can't fully believe that he's worth to look at, to adore like this, and Castiel swears to himself to tell him, show him and prove to him, that he
The child beamed at him and went all in, hanging from his shoulders in a monkey fashion.
That feeling, knowing that he doesn't have the entirety of Cas' heart, that part of him--a big part--will always be on the side of this nephilim makes him jealous, he can admit it. But it also somehow calms him too, somehow it means, that even if... Well, that when Dean is gone from this Earth, there will be someone for Cas to love and be loved by in return. Somebody who can match that insane lifespan of his and carry him through the years, and the centuries and the eons.
The cat obediently sat under the spray of the shower as he rinsed the dirt off, revealing the smooth chocolate brown furry coat. It was pretty scraggly and very young, barely bigger than Dean's palm length wise.
"Идиот, я бессмертен! А ты рано или поздно сломаешься!"
Cas would like to say that he didn't notice how time went by, but actually he did.
Who was currently smushed in between Dean and the back of the seats they were laying on.
"Don't you even start with me."
"Yes, it does... It feels so good... Dean..."
Dean took a breath. And another one.
Sharper, each and every push down thrusting Dean's cock as deep as it would go.
The short, chaste ones he dropped on Dean's cheek casually.
She might have looked at him suspiciously, but she was not Ellen. She could deal. And he should be starting on getting up.
Cas tried to leave, to escape, but was quickly captured by Naomi who wanted to introduce her best employee to all the sponsors.
"You sure?" - Dean actually clamped his mouth shut again at Cas' glare. And mimicked zipping it in. And throwing away the key.
"Stop that, unless you want me to drop you. Or both of us."
The wings. The wings he shouldn't've had... but they were there. Just as Dean was.
He decides against arguing, his mood too good, and the relaxed, drowsy feeling seemingly contagious, because Castiel feels much like when he was human and needed to sleep. His thoughts and body feel more and more sluggish, where Dean's already snoring away on his shoulder and just before passing out completely, Cas realizes that yes. Their plan very much worked.
Technically, his 33rd birthday won't come until midnight, but pretty much the whole roster of employees of the Temple and his friends decided to throw the party today to give him tomorrow free for the family celebration.
"Nice. Anything useful on your end?"
His giant of a brother was growling at the corners, as if the attacker would hide in the closet or something.
But the sleep is gone for now and after several attempts to get up--totally unsuccessful--Dean settles on trying to figure out exactly from where the enchantment originates. Maybe if he can break that, he can regain enough strength to kick that skeleton creeper where it hurts. Wherever that might be. He'll probably need a few tries to figure it out but Dean is all about scientific inquiry on that one.
"Ahem. I guess... I should take a quick look. Just to make sure."
Dean is bored, so he talks, and really, Jack’s questions have left him with a few of his own that he’d really like answered.
text in [["quotations like that"]] - texting between characters.
And before Castiel can cut in with an argument, Timofey is already talking again, getting more and more impatient as he goes on.
Instead, there is that sly dude--Timofey--back on stage, smirking that Cheshire grin and somehow finding Dean through the thick crowd to stare right at him.
"It said they picked only the most exceptional... Rare individuals, whose souls were pure. Righteous, one might say."
Who knows how many he fucked, how many nights he’d spent in other's beds.
"Hey, don't you need to do an exam or something? To make sure I'm alright?"
A fervent tone, a bright glow of the both pairs of blue eyes, and then the world is exploding around Dean. Or maybe in him? Both?
Looking down at the camera with that raised brow that drove Dean nuts, a red glimmer in his eyes. Naked. With his fingers wrapped around his long, thick cock.
Cas heaves a sigh, theatrically put upon, as Dean settles, no doubt pondering over the chickens. But Castiel continues, meeting Sam's eyes for the long-suffering look of understanding. Dean, unseen by them both, mouths, somewhat impressed “T-Rex, huh? Go, chickens.”
Twisting it behind Alistair's back, up, until he was forced to his knees, screaming, and Cas just...
He screamed when Cas, between showering him with praise at how good and tight he feels, how good it is to fuck him like that, how he can do it for hours, just pumping him full with his come and then healing him up again to go again, and again, slapped Dean's ass hard. The sharp sting quickly dissolving into scolding pleasure yet again, leaving the human wound tighter, begging for more.
And then he was shoved into the back seat, falling onto the creaking leather back first.
Keep the light on. Scream if anything, and I mean,
Dean watches in concern as Cas has to physically shake himself from the memory. Dean squeezes Cas’ hand tighter, reminding him that again, he’s here, alive and well. They are all fine.
growing, stronger and deeper.
Family emergency?
Castiel calmly turns to face a perplexed Dean, just a smidgeon of his amusement evident in a light smile.
Just saying that name sent shivers down Dean's spine.
Even their kisses tasted of blood, Dean biting down on his lips, so hungry.
Good thing Dean had a good grip on Cas, otherwise he'd have fallen at the sudden jerking stop. The lights in the bus went out too.
Or just... drifted away for a moment.
"Yes. What you're gonna do about it? Spank me?"
<<"And?.. Where is it?">>
"I'm gonna regret it, won’t I? But seriously, as long as you shut up, it's fine."
And it backfired, just as it always seems to happen with them.
Dean frowned at the one he was folding. He frowned harder, realising it was the third one he bought in the last two weeks.
It purred when Dean wrapped it in the fresh towel to dry it.
"Good morning, Dean."
"There are no charms that I can see without further testing... Dean."
That smile, soft, genuine, that Cas thought was for him only...
per se... It's just my partner is not a big fan of cats. He's allergic.">>
This was above him.
Not so lazy anymore.
Dean chuckled. Good sign, that he wasn't puking after that or after talking anymore. Probably because there wasn't much left to puke with... Still.
He was expecting the cat to try to fight him, he heard that cats didn't really like water... Not this one, clearly.
"You're... an idiot!" - Cas yelled. Angry, biting words. - "Do you have any idea... Of course not, you stupid wolf! I thought you
Maybe he was just as afraid to rock the boat as Cas was.
Finally, Dean looked up, quiet and honestly even more confused, having the weirdest feeling of deja vu, as the slope of man's shoulder reminded him of something... But the man, if he could be called that, was talking. Explaining that Dean’s quest to find the perfect dick to fuck himself on had somehow awoken a very real and very grateful God.
"Let's do what we came here for first, yeah? And then have all the heart to heart you want."
Dean tried to ignore it, flipping on his other side.
Measured.
People seemed to love talking about his kitten, especially women, which was very nice.
And what starts as a prayer quickly devolves into nonsense as another wave of dizziness knocks the wind out of Dean.
Which was still very much present, but mixed with curiosity and a sudden thirst to kneel before that specimen, and lick, suck and find out if that monster of a dick tasted as good as it looked.
"Здравствуй, Тимофей. Не хочу показаться невежливым, но может быть пропустим все эти игры, и ты просто скажешь где Дин, по-хорошему?"
Confused, Dean shot a text to Cas, figuring than something came up in the hospital, and went into the shower, eager to wash away the stress and the grime of the trip.
He was too aware of the warm weight on him, any minute shift and squirm, every breath.
Several people agreed with him in the dark, offering quite the range of expletives for the situation.
Politeness aside, he manifests his blade, gripping it pointedly, even though he doesn’t raise it to battle stance just yet.
. Seemingly to check if he was stretched enough and, oh god, he was.
It is almost heaven after that. With Cas back, safe and in mint condition, even more so--Jack had managed to restore his wings to their former glory, it seems--and Dean should be happy. Yet there is just no getting away in their line of work.
Cas is so, so beautiful, in every sense, and any word Dean's less-than-eloquent mind could produce seems simply insufficient.
On his next breath he was hit with the sharp scent of arousal from his mate, sending goosebumps all over his arms and back.
He still accepts the hand.
"I don't even know what to say,” mumbles Sam in stunned amazement.
Cas was in the back seat. It would be weird if not for the steady red stare trained on Dean all the way and the rigid posture of his alpha.
Dean loses the staring match with a loud sneeze, the cat looking disgustingly smug and swishing his tail side to side.
Cas was immediately there, checking him over, cool hands--those still felt way too good--slipping to his neck, kneading it, trying to ease the tension. Damn, despite looking pretty fragile the guy had some pretty strong fingers.
But Cas did it, and each labored breath he took was followed by the hungry clench of his ass, making Dean groan.
Cas' wings are sensitive all over, and Dean quickly learns he likes the touches lighter for the feathers themselves and firmer on the fleshy parts of the wings. So he alternates between teasing, gentle, reverent on the former, and firmer caresses for the latter.
But here he goes... Or rather here they go. All three of them, because Cas is crazy and brilliant and perfect.
"There you go, sweetheart. Does it feel it good?"
Because his eyes stayed open.
"Okaay, and that is my cue to leave! Glad to see you've sorted this out!" Sam. Dean hated Sam. Just a little bit.
Cas breathes out, shuddering, when he squeezes, massaging with careful circle movements along each wing, going outward. And as he goes further, they open further, startling Dean once again.
The next encounter is frankly ridiculous.
In this moment he looks at Cas and Cas looks at him, and Dean understands with all his being the joy of knowing that person is in this world at all, they exist, alive, whole. The joy, the terror, the crushing, euphoric, frenzied, wild and unbridled feeling of Love. He loves Castiel, this angel, this weird dorky guy, a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent. He loves him so strongly, his heart aches with a magnitude of it.
About Cas.
"Put me down! Cas! What the hell?!"
Cas chuckles, eyes still on the road, but his expression adopts a thoughtful quality, as if he is remembering something.
<<"I guess it can't hurt...">>
He then proceeded to manhandle a stunned Dean further up, his biceps tensing, his form and definition always the perfect tease for Dean. And before he knew it, Dean was pinned to the bed with that wicked angel straddling his hips.
Who was unconscious, a sheen of sweat and a clearly feverish blush on his skin, with blood covering most of his lower body. Still dripping, which was extremely unusual.
Nagged at him during his evening jog.
He could always do it later...
"Open your eyes, Dean... I want you to see it, to see
It feels like providence that Dean makes the critical call from the building itself.
"Yeah. Yeah..." - having an easy task to follow seemed to help too, and Cas fumbled with his pockets for the phone.
more monikers, none mattered right now than the one beating inside Cas' whole being.
His grace clung to his flesh, for the first time in his life so in tune with it.
He bottoms out and everything stills for a moment. It’s just them, breathing in each other, nuzzling close, trading gentle words and unhurried kisses. Until Dean moves experimentally, just a subtle sway of his hips and then he is swearing again.
Exactly like he’d always dreamed; uncut and already hard, the thick, long heft of it standing proudly against a taut stomach, glistening with a drop of precome.  He gulped. The figure spoke.
sent out here.
Castiel was getting rather annoyed at all the beating around the bush with Dean held somewhere, possibly being tortured or worse. He wanted to move this along when Timofey's face fell, almost showing fear for a moment. But before Castiel could ask anything, the Familiar blurted out a stream of nonsense in a rush and turned back into a cat.
He sets one of Dean's legs on the ground too but the other is still across his shoulder, keeping him open.
They still shimmer with something out of this world, but Dean can see them, can see the shadows they cast across the floor where the long tips stretch from the bed, which isn't wide enough to contain all that majesty that is Cas' wings.
With anything that he desired.
"Are we going to get blown up?"
Cas would have laughed if he wasn't mildly worried he just broke his future... husband...mate...partner? Whatever they'd be called.
Cas gently shook his hand off. Breathed out, breathed in, deep, calming down. Returned his eyes to his book. And only after he’d done that... only then he said it.
<<"I take it you don't mean that metaphorically...?">>
But the cabin seems to be completely normal, just wood and plastic and metal, no charms, wards or curses. Not even hidden doors or cameras or peeping holes, which is a very comforting realization.
Who now was bent on expressing that gratitude to Dean.
Thirdly, the poor door was flung across the room yet again. This time to the wall, the bony creeper looking no less wrathful and powerful. He dives straight into a battle with a silvery looking sword manifesting in his hand in a cloud of whitish smoke.
It was hard to keep track of things when a fucked-out fog settled over him, but when he did sober up a little, it was to find something big and hot rubbing between his asscheeks.
"Knew those tacos tasted funny..." - Dean groaned out in between the throwing up.
"You don't have to..."
"Mortar, of course," - the angel looks at him, nonplussed, extending his hand, as if to welcome Dean to his insanity.
Even if he had never done this before, or felt like this before, feverish, and impatient, and ready to shake out of his own skin... With Dean, he could just enjoy this.
Cas usually made sure to clear his schedule for the day Dean would be returning to greet him... But not this time, apparently. The loft was dark and quiet when Dean walked in, dropping the bags in the hall.
“I cared, Dean. About you, about our family. But no, I did not care about those victims, not one bit.”
Dean pats the back of Cas’s hand before releasing them. He was gonna find whatever bastard did this to Cas, fuck, to them.
Cas knew that he didn’t tell the world of Mary’s good works, but why want to hurt Dean.
Mary visibly swallows, and Dean can feel his nostrils flare with anger.
Ben puts the apples he peeled into the lemon water Cas made. He thinks about his next words carefully, weighing his options. He thought this man, this priest, this emissary of God (ha), just might know what to do with the journal. Okay, so like, he doesn't know why he asks what he does. He can’t explain it, but something about this Priest feels safe? Was safe the word? Whatever it was, the young man can’t help but start talking. And maybe he shouldn’t, he knows that. But he couldn’t ask Mom, because he’d get in trouble for snooping. He couldn’t ask Dean, because Dean didn’t talk about work. He couldn’t ask Sam because Sam was well, Sam and would probably start crying, and Eileen would try to explain, and she would be hella awesome about it, but she wouldn’t answer his question directly.
A middle-aged woman with auburn hair, hazel eyes, and a strut that mirrored the best cat walk in the countryside, wanders into the foyer, her summer cotton dress clinging to her chest from the heat, the perfect picture of a Tennessee Williams’s play.
Dean looks up from his desk to a smiling man in a fisherman’s cap and a beard. Dean truly did love the man standing in front of his desk like a brother. He’d been through so much shit with him, trained with him, graduated with him.
“Do the contents disturb you?”
“Hum?”
Lisa nudges him, so that Dean grips Cas’s extended hand.
Mary knew she was not allowing much time between these slayings, but she had a plan, and it was an exceptionally good one.
It had to be more than framing him. Who else would that hurt?
He strains futilely against the ropes and looks to Mary with hate filled eyes.
“Yeah, but why?”
Dean snorts furiously and looks to the side. “Yeah, at night, in my brother’s nursery. I had to carry him out from a burning house. I was four years old.”
“Mary.”
She releases the knife, and Cas stands, breathless, and pushes her against the wall. He holds the blade to her throat and she smiles.
“Right, how could you. Okay, so uh, let’s think about this, the last case, the one where you…”
Dean shakes his head slightly, a chill running throughout his body.
“What did, babe?” Dean took his free hand off the steering wheel, and held it to his stomach. The anger had subsided for the most part - and he knew he forgave Cas without even a second thought. It was just like this with them, Dean’s anger, Dean’s misunderstandings, Cas’s good intentions, and their falling back together - except last time. Dean sits a bit straighter and listens.
Dean knew he didn’t mean health wise.
Sam and Eileen exchange a
and was thrilled when Claire referred to Dean to Kia as her ‘okay gay uncle’.
Of course he couldn’t remember all the events, not all the specific dates, but some? Yeah, they stuck out.
Joe smiles slightly as he gives her a quick peck on the cheek.
Dean nods. “Right, because there was no evidence.” There were many coincidences, but no hard evidence.
“That wasn’t all. I… I also felt some sort of connection with her.”
*******
Dean chuckles as he stops trying to pile the fruit back on the display and starts handing them to the clerk.
It’s breathed and Dean almost missed it.
“Do what?”
FUCK!
“Did it?”
“That it better be with you.”
Dean nods. “Yeah, except that’s how Cas loves me, I just got too used to testing it. I know better now, and you didn’t ruin us, you hear me? I’m not my dad, and Cas, Cas is a good man.”
Ben smiles as he nods and leaves the room.
“Cas?”
“The boxers, man, that’s why I was always trying to buy you different ones. Those are like the most un-sexy underwear I’ve ever seen in my life.”
Cas shrugs.
“I’m glad, Dear. Can I help with anything else right now?”
“My husband, Joe. He’s a good man. I do love him. Probably much the same way you love your Castiel, Agent. I would have fought the hordes of Hell for his salvation.”
“I don’t plan on losing the man I love again over you, nor do I plan to be imprisoned due to your master plan.”
, but Dean knew he had to control himself. This man, this man who kept giving and giving - reminding Dean of Shel Silverstien’s
“I didn’t… I don’t…”
“Dean, I…”
And Joe was safe.
“You’re not failing us, Dean. If you don’t go get your Priest, who you love and what you want you will be failing yourself. And what kind of person would I be if I allowed that? Now, go get your guy!”
He hears her leave the confessional, and he is stuck, unable to move because he knows his legs will betray him.
“You’re a priest?”
Jimmy and Amelia’s anniversary was a classy affair and there was wine and dancing. Just to show they could, they decided to get loaded on that wine and Dean doesn’t remember much of the night after that. He does remember waking up wearing nothing but Cas’s tie and a note of reprimand from Cas’s very religious twin brother.
“Call me for anything, got it?” He didn’t want to admit how much he wanted to hear his phone ring as soon as he left that room.
Castiel sits across from Benny and Dean, a cup of lukewarm water in front of him. Benny was asking questions and Dean kept going back and forth between staring and doing anything to avoid eye contact.
Sam moves to the floor across from Cas, his back leaning against the front of the desk chair.
“You know the man Dean was with before you?” The man who changed his brother, the one who gave everything, every aspect of life he knew to be immersed in and drowned by Dean, a love so strong Sam naively thought it could never be anything but perfect. The man who placed his mark permanently on Dean Winchester, that man.
Benny scoffs, holding his jaw.
“If there is one type of faith that has never wavered, it is my faith in you.”
Cas blows air out through his mouth and looks at himself in the mirror. This is what happened before he left - where he was the suspect. Only this time, he doesn’t have Dean.
Mary smiles politely and nods - this was better than she ever expected.
This wasn’t a phone conversation, Dean knew that, but fuck it. Sometimes things had to be discussed over the phone in the check out line of the local buy all.
Dean snorts, “Yeah, real catch.”
“Of human life?”
Cas barely looks up from his folded hands when Dean and Benny enter his office. He knows why they’re there, of course he does, Mary laid the trap too well. He had to admit, from a poetic standpoint, it was beautiful. He looks at his hands, hands that were willing to commit heinous violence only moments before.
“We miss you too, Bobby.” Dean offers as they all lift up their beer bottles.
“What is all this?”
But why hurt Dean? What did Dean do? What could Dean possibly have done?
“I suppose… but Miranda is kidnapped, and I just, I gotta see how that plays out.”
“So, the statistics are in your favor?”
Cas felt sick to his stomach. This was the worst type of killer, for no matter what, they felt they were right. And he hated that he might have agreed with her. He hated many aspects of this.
Lisa scoffs. “That’s it?”
Mary sits back further on the couch, her hair slicked into a tight bun, ensuring no stray hair falls out of place.
As Dean smiles ever so slightly at the cashier, his mind begins to flood with vivid recollections of that night.
Ben pulls the journal out from underneath his jacket and hands it to the priest. “I couldn't show it to Mom, I’d get in trouble, and Dean, well, uh, Dean would just kinda not talk about it. So, I thought maybe you could help me with it, oh hell, I don’t know.”
“I was tired of it, Dean. Tired of searching to no avail.”
Dean detects a slight inflection in Benny’s tone but he can’t place it. For some reason, he knows he doesn’t like it. Shame floods him then, and it must show on his face.
Cas leans his head back on the office chair. He can’t make this work, he can’t figure out why she came to him, why she…
“Fuck that. Fuck that shit. You’re gonna what, sit this out, watch the bees? This is your fight too, man. It always has been.” Dean knew he was right, but damn if it didn’t catch a bit in his throat. He loved that stupid bastard, even if he did mistake him for weak at times. And that was kind of it, wasn’t it? It was a mistake. But he couldn’t think about it for too long cause Cas had to be Cas - and Dean, well, he had to be Dean.
He pulls a map up and pinpoints the locations along with the times. His hands begin to shake and he drags his hand down his mouth. He needed to remember every second of those events so he can alibi Cas. Again.
“Yes.” She smiled at their similarities in wavelengths.
“Some other time, I’m busy.”
The first pew is generally occupied by the Smiths, a generic family with a generic name. It was a good, strong, name – full of possibilities. In the family, Josie Smith, the nineteen-year-old daughter, a college student, planned to build windmills in countries without access to power. Mark Smith, her father, was an architect by day and a professor by night. His wife, Patricia Smith, sold a popular brand of cosmetics. They were always first at the door, and always in the first pew - devout in their faith. However, it is now occupied by Father Novak himself, as he sips from his coffee of many colors and looks at the statues in front of him.
