John's Wednesday morning free periods slowly but surely became infected with Sherlock Holmes' silent presence, he entered at 9:01 and left at 9:52, right on schedule, every week like clockwork. In fact, John found himself so used to Sherlock's schedule of appearances he even began bringing two cups of coffee with him to his classroom each week. Sherlock soundlessly accepted the steaming mug from him every Wednesday with a slight incline of his head in a grateful nod and took his usual seat on the front row, pouring over books, examining slides under microscopes, or writing extra papers for John to mark for him.
He pushes the door-handle sharply up and then pushes down, the door springing open as he slides his tools back into his coat, heading straight for the hydrochloric acid.
"I don't aim to be." he said quietly, looking down his own hand trapped in John's. "Nobody has ever wanted to know for the sake of knowing, most only want information to exploit."
"Sherlock- I, what the-"
"Morning, Sherlock"
Sherlock took a breath and spoke through gritted teeth. "I am not defining anything! There is nothing
"I've only ever seen them in books. I saw it from over there." Sherlock informed him, and John watched the setting sun filter through Sherlock's mussed curls as he traced his fingers along a lowered branch that was on the verge of snapping.
"What the hell was that all about?" John asked the second the last student left the room.
"Mr Sherlock Holmes?"
"Do you know what happened to him?" Greg questioned further, his interest piqued.
"Distinguishing features?"
A week later, John's classroom is returned to him, and lessons resume as normal. Even though there had been little-to-no fire damage to John's room, all science classrooms had been decked out with the newest high-standard equipment, which meant inevitably that Sherlock spent his entirety of his free time dwelling there.
in life" He gesticulated wildly, hoping John would understand.
"How is Doctor Watson?"
"It's nothing to do with-"
"Not at all, John. I just wanted to ask you a few questions, if that's okay? It will only take a moment."
"Yeah I get that, I'm his tutor" Greg said with a laugh. "You'll get used to him eventually."
"Rules are there for a reason, to keep you safe" Mrs Hudson chided, waving a finger in his direction to emphasise her point.­­
"Colin." Dr Watson tipped his head to the teacher, watching in amazement as he waddled away from John down the corridor.
"Come on, dumbledore." John insisted, noticing Sherlock's immediate confusion. "The beard." he explained with a sigh.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow. "Slight exaggeration, Sherlock"
Only then did John's eyes trace the faint circles underneath Sherlock's, the hooded lids and slouched shoulders. "You should have woke me." John reached forward with concern to caress his fingers along the edge of Sherlock's hair line, which only succeeded in making the young man sleepier.
The rest of the session was spent going over plans for university which Sherlock deemed as 'tedious and unimportant' and sat unresponsive for a few minutes before lapsing into his recent findings on the world's deadliest toxins when Lestrade had asked him about it.
Sherlock Holmes
Greg hesitated before pushing, turning to face John more directly. "Come on, you don't have to put on a brave face with me, what's on your mind?"
"Have you seen Sherlock?" Greg asked, glancing back to the building, darkened smoke beginning to billow out from the windows of the second floor with the occasional crackle, causing frenzy amongst the students.
John pulled back and looked at him. "That won't happen to us."
"No" Mycroft mocked, laughing. "I believe you, really, I do"
Sherlock hesitated, not certain on what he should say in such an emotionally raw situation.
"I'm pretty sure you've seen a hell of a lot more of them than I have, and I already feel claustrophobic." he sent him one last tiny smile in the hopes it might sway the intelligent and rigid man from his steadfast opinions.
"Dinner?" John smiled, licking his lips, his hand moving to Sherlock's chest. He noticed the hunger in his younger lover's eyes, knowing straight away his hunger was not for food.
He thrust the small box into Sherlock's hand after retrieving it "Here" he said "If you're so curious, why don't you see for yourself"
Sherlock found himself experiencing surprise, though he would never in a million years admit it, by John's sharpness. Despite what could be said about him, and what Sherlock himself often insinuated, the man had his moments of alertness, of a certain keenness he tended to express casually, when that brain of his decided to astound him. Sherlock found he didn't dislike John's brain, far from it, it was such a clear contrast to his own, much too quick and overalert, but a comforting contrast at that. He found himself looking forward to those moments, when John seemed to see right through his soul, even seeking them out at times.
Sherlock continued "You're courting someone. Someone you don't want me to know about, by the looks of it. Someone you think I may disapprove of. Now, who is it, John?"
It was past midnight and all around him was the aftermath of a particularly lively Christmas Eve. The kitchen table was hidden under a fine layer of apple pie crumbs and crumpled wrapping paper, gone were the microscope and bacterial samples, hidden away in the cupboards. Half empty champagne glasses laid haphazardly discarded on every flat surface in the living room, which just added to the air of chaos and festivity the flat had seemed to take on.
Sherlock had prepared a speech and he wasn't to deviate from it. It had been one of the hardest parts of this entire ordeal. In the end, it had turned out, there wasn't much he wanted to say. There wasn't much left to say.
Nothing seemed to have changed in his absence.
John was staring right at him now, a question in his eyes.
Sherlock looked down as his hands and saw that they were trembling. He closed his fist around the miniature theatre cloth replica in anger.
And John had asked him to be his best man, somewhat timidly and delightfully candidly.
"Your hair has been trimmed down, by your own hand, as I can see : you missed a spot, by the way" Sherlock barely saw his friend clutching at the back at his head self-consciously. He focused on John's attire next, on the pale grey sweater he was sporting "You're wearing a brand new sweater. My guess is that someone told you it complimented your eyes when you bought it. Probably a saleswoman, attractive enough to garner your attention, though, unbeknownst to you, she mostly wanted to make a sale. Not to mention the tiny present you keep glancing anxiously towards. It's obvious, John. I bet even Lestrade could've worked it out. It would've taken him some time, granted, but still. I'm disappointed you thought you could hide that from me, and frankly, I'm curious as to why"
been named best man. Any other behaviour on my part would be frowned upon"
Sherlock felt himself rising an eyebrow. Was that hostility that hid under John's tone? Or was it bitterness? Whatever it was, he hadn't been expecting it.
A watch. A man's, to be precise, sat delicately in the box. So it wasn't a suitor of the opposite gender for a change. A bit daring for John, but perhaps he'd begun to grow bored of the numerous Sarahs and Wendys and Janettes he'd met over the years.
Sherlock pretended to think on that for a second, before dead-panning "Sadly, I can't seem to think of a thing."
Sherlock flipped through his cards, retrieving a particularly curt one and crumpling it with his fist.
John was wearing the suit that he'd picked out months ago, a black ensemble with a cream-coloured tie. He looked handsome, smart, but then again John always did these days. Sherlock guessed his judgement was clouded, biased by his absurd
human, you know" before adding in a softer tone "As much as you try to deny it"
"Pointless, how utterly pointless, John. Humans truly are the strangest of species"
It was pathetic. Even the slab of meat that passed for Lestrade's brain, that joke of a detective, had managed to figure out Sherlock's feelings. And yet the person he wanted most had no idea.
"What?"
But in that moment, as he sat down at the napkinned table, adorned with rose bouquets and tiny canapés, Sherlock felt like he had entered Cocytus —otherwise known as the ninth circle of Hell.
But then he saw John's foot moving slightly to the right to bring the paper closer to him, before bending down to retrieve it. It was an entirely premeditated movement, careful and calculated, that was as relieving as it was surprising.
"Aren't weddings supposed to be fun, careless events? Loosen up a little, John. "
And that was when Sherlock saw it. And his heart fell instantly.
Sherlock had known for years that he had fallen ill.
"Goodnight" Sherlock muttered to himself in the now vacant flat, finding he had more questions than answers after their talk.
A soft sigh of relief escaped his lips as Sherlock grasped the crumpled paper in his pocket. The crisis had been averted. Sherlock felt like he'd lost ten years of his life in the span of a couple panic-struck seconds, the expression which had before not made any sense at all suddenly becoming quite clear in his mind.
How could it be? Sherlock had been so careful, hiding the sea of emotion in his heart, masking his expression and dulling the look in his eye. He'd hidden behind the perfect façade, a mask of arrogance and disdain, the mask of a genius. Meeting John had changed him, softened him, much to his dismay. He wasn't the hard and lonely man he used to be. Full of fury and violence and pain. Sherlock was weak now, he was one of the lower classes, the class of those who loved.
He saw his friend's face morph into a look he didn't recognize as he stared at Sherlock in utter silence.
The sound of John's footsteps proved he wasn't going to spend the night in his room upstairs, as he made his way out the front door. It was one of the first times since they'd been living together that John had spent the night out, and Sherlock didn't have a clue where the man was planning to stay.
John paused to look at Sherlock, studying him. He mustn't have liked what he found there because he said "You
"Did you doubt it, John? It'd thought you'd know me better than that"
Now John just looked tired.
. But then again, John never did seem to have any trouble finding a mate, which was precisely what had gotten them in this situation in the first place.
Mary was going to give a speech. A speech filled with love and warmth and, knowing her, a cheeky hint of humour that John had always seemed so fond of. The woman stood at the front of her room, clad in her wedding dress, and tapped the mic before commencing her speech. She politely thanked her guests, and went on to sing John's, albeit completely deserved, praises. Sherlock, quite strangely, found himself agreeing with most of what the woman had to say with regard to her now husband, and wasn't quite sure how he was meant to feel about it.
"Always so strong, dear. But I can tell how your heart is breaking in two. Even mine is" Mrs. Hudson paused, the sides of her eyes crinkling in a sad smile "The two of you were so perfect together. Not that I think Mary is any short of lovely, of course. But she just isn't you"
"Do you want me to spell it out for you? Very well, John"
The accelerated heartbeat, the hideous feeling many called jealousy, the strange hurt in his chest whenever John didn't come to Baker street, obviously preferring to spend time with one of his many girlfriends.
Should be reasonably easy, for a man like Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock was staring at it as he thought of a plan. Sinking on his hands and knees to suddenly retrieve it would be too suspicious, asking John to do it would be too risky—
, he thought to himself.
"Sherlock" John said with visible relief as he looked away from his phone "Glad to see you made it"
Sherlock noticed how John was clenching his fists, his posture stiff and his stance more military, which he always did when he was angry. And at that moment, it was clear that he very much was.
He'd thought if he gave himself some time apart from John, naturally the ache would fade. The terrible longing that kept him up all night, the incompletion, would disappear. Still, he couldn't help himself, cherishing every look, every brief contact in secret. Relishing in every second they spent together.
Tricolour lights twinkled dully overhead, and the tree Mrs Hudson insisted on putting up stood slightly crooked under the pounds of bows and decorations of small, winged infants. She had even gotten John to wear that ugly Christmas sweater —before he had the sense to change into something that didn't have any deer or bearded men with red suits on it. The woman really knew no bounds.
"Quick, I guess you could say. Is something the matter?"
So he'd researched extensively, taking large inspiration from internet forums and premade templates, peppered in with some real anecdotes. He was sure his speech had a 97.33% chance of success with John.
"Have you been smoking again?"
Sherlock had considered, of course, that being that dense was fallacious, a statistic anomaly. He'd considered the fact that John was simply choosing to ignore his affection, be it out of politeness or out of disgust.
Lestrade yanked the origami napkin off Sherlock's hands, who simply retrieved a new one and began to fold. The first point was executed to perfection, as he folded the edge and softened the fabric with his fingers. He flipped the napkin and folded again, before twisting a side and folding it over twice.
"Sentiment. I know it's not something you're very familiar with, Sherlock" John said with something resembling a smile on his face "You got so much of it right, and yet you couldn't get
"I believe they call it overcompensating, Sherlock" said Lestrade at the door. Sherlock didn't even bother to look up from his task. There were seven folding points and approximately two hundred napkins left in the package, two hundred Sydney Opera Houses to-be, which would take him four point three hours at a steady pace. The wedding was in twenty one thousand and three seconds and counting. Twenty one thousand and two, twenty-one thousand and one, twenty-one thousand, twenty thousand nine hundred and ninety nine...And now Lestrade was talking again.
He furrowed his brow in concentration, as he continued to look at the name. His was a fairly uncommon name, old world, the probabilities for John to even have met anyone sharing his name, not to mention for Sherlock himself not to know about it were...
John shook his head, not even looking him in the eye "Go on, turn it over" he said, his voice rough
Now, all he had to do was survive the night, while the love of his life had already gone on to marry someone else.
"Sherlock" The look on Lestrade's face was bordering on pity "I wish I had a case to distract you with, but I've got nothing. Hell, I'm starting to consider committing a murder or two myself"
right"
"It's because they want to see the look of surprise on the person's face when they open it, Sherlock."
Sherlock did as instructed, expecting an engraving, of the man's name perhaps, or an inane three to four word love confession. Something to give a personal touch to the present, which suited John's fondness for romanticism to a t.
He glanced down at his neat little cards, clutching them firmly in his hand. There was one card. One he knew he shouldn't have brought, shouldn't even have written down in the first place. Ever since he'd noticed his unfortunate predicament, he had sworn to take the secret to his grave. It had been an uncalculated risk, a moment of weakness, a small, silent rebellion. The very card was threatening to ruin everything he had been working for, all the careful walls and barriers that he'd crafted.
considered it, numerous times, but he just couldn't bring himself to do that to the man, cruelly clueless as he was. He shoved the crumpled paper in the pocket of his waistcoat.
"Mrs. Hudson was right. You really are losing it, aren't you? I don't think I've ever seen you like this"
Sherlock's heart stopped in his chest "Why would anything be the matter?
"I would think you'd know better, Detective"
"I suppose it is" Sherlock said
Sherlock cleared his throat "A statistic error, my bad," he found himself saying. But there was a certain peculiar unease in his chest whose origins he couldn't quite pinpoint. a certain rare breed of dread. Calm before the storm, he believed it was called. He didn't know what was to come but he wasn't entirely sure he wanted to find out.
Perhaps he'd made a miscalculation when it came for the motive, the meaning of the gift. This couldn't be confession in the form of jewellery. But then the way it was wrapped clearly denoted of a care and fondness even John Watson wasn't quick to give. Not even to any of his long string of lovers.
Sherlock considered all that as he held a cigarette to his mouth with a shaky hand. He'd found himself coming back to the habit, instead of something worse, something stronger, since John had given the famous announcement.
There was no way John knew, at least not at this time, what the card truly meant. It could be anything on that card. Theoretically speaking.
to point that out to him, either.
Then again, Sherlock would rather be the best friend. He'd take anything he could get when it came to the object of his, much unrequited, affection. Any pitiful excuse to stand in his close proximity, to enjoy the thrill of the chase with him. He'd taken cases he had not even a molecule of interest in, the second John had asked.
Sherlock was a scientist, a genius, a mastermind —a madman, most would probably say. But most of all, he wasn't one to fall in love.
After all, hadn't he said so himself?
He looked at her through the mirror, and discovered that she was, indeed, crying, holding a wet napkin to her teary eyes. The woman had known from the beginning.
The metaphorical weight of his Schrödingerian burden was still very present in the pocket of his waistcoat as Sherlock pondered. The wild urge to burn the card in a great fire until there was nothing left of it but ash overwhelmed Sherlock's mind for a second, and he knew he would do whatever it took to dispose of his mistake, in whatever manner, theatrical or not, and soon, at that.
John gave him one of those crooked smiles Sherlock loved so much "Didn't doubt it for a second"
"It's alright, Mrs. Hudson" Sherlock gave a sigh "There's nothing to worry about. John isn't dying, he is simply getting married"
Sherlock found himself getting up in a hurry, his chair squeaking against the shiny linoleum as he rushed out of the hall. He didn't know where to, he didn't much care. Anywhere but here would do.
"If one didn't know better, one would think you were engaging in internal thought just now, Lestrade. That's frightening."
Mrs. Hudson made a sound resembling a sob "Oh, Sherlock. I'm so sorry"
Sherlock wasn't one to fall prey to such low, pathetic sentiments. But he had.
"Maybe I can find a way to stop the wedding, Sherlock!" He shouted from the hallway "Just let me know"
Sherlock had thought he couldn't feel any worse, that he'd hit rock bottom, right when John announced he was to ask Mary in holy matrimony. Marriages were a joke, a futile, bankrupting affair. Sherlock couldn't fathom why anyone would be foolish enough to get one, let alone
He paused to analyse the situation. John's non-verbal cues seemed to indicate his reasoning was somewhat correct. The closed-off posture, the slight tensing of the biceps, his right fist clenched.
"Just accept it, will you? It doesn't have to mean anything you don't want it to. Let it be a..." John trailed off, looking for the adequate word "testament to our friendship"
Sherlock had expected to hate her, it was inevitable, after all. The worst part was that Mary Morstan had turned out to be decent, if not painfully average, like all of John's partners were. It infuriated him beyond belief. Why couldn't the woman just cheat on him or drink too much or try to steal John's —albeit minuscule— fortune like any other person would?
No, John was too clever for that, too wholesome, too genuine. His choice in partners was as sane as it was bland. Coincidentally, it was one of the reasons why Sherlock knew John would never chose someone like himself, his own gender aside. The odds just weren't in his favour at all.
John shook his head "No, you're not. In fact, I knew you were going to say something like that. You did the same thing to Molly, after all. I don't know why I thought I'd be any different"
John took one long, audible breath. The look of sheer hurt on his face told Sherlock he'd perhaps gone too far this time.
he asked himself. Sherlock had a hard time seeing the appeal. The entire holiday seemed like an unnecessary commotion they all inexplicably kept busying themselves with generation after generation. He'd endured a painful deal of Yuletides back at his home estate, and couldn't with honesty say they had been anything short of dreadful.
"Boring, Lestrade. Like always. I just hope you didn't come here without a case"
That was of course, a lie. Sherlock
John appeared at the entrance. Sherlock didn't even have to glance up to know that John was in the room. He could hear his footsteps, rhythmic and with a slight favouring of the left leg, an old habit that died hard. Trained, military. Sherlock could also smell his cologne. He felt himself glancing up despite himself.
“But,” I interrupted, “what if all this is
-----
“For what?”
Sherlock stood and started down the hall.
“Nothing immediately,” John said, “I think Harry ended up dating that girl for a couple of months. I just did whatever I could to keep the peace until I left for uni.”
“Hey! Watch where you’re walking!”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
Sherlock nodded and pulled out a sketch of a coat that looked quite like his, except child-sized and with a wider flare at the bottom. It was clear he had put a lot of thought into this. He’d even attached a colour sample and a close up of certain details.
that still lingers on the pillows.
So, apparently Christmas came early for Sherlock this year in the form of Michael Davies. Or rather, his corpse.
made it unavoidable. But they’ve never actually slept in the same bed. John had made sure of that, even if it meant curling up on the floor if Sherlock decided to sleep. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to, quite the opposite. It was because he was afraid of what he might do if he found himself in bed with Sherlock and even more terrified of the rejection that would inevitably follow.
After a few minutes there were footsteps, a moment’s hesitation, then a soft knock on the door.
“Sherlock? You awake?”
His therapist told him to get out and do something. Write. Reconnect with old friends. He couldn’t bring himself to tell her the only person he wanted to connect with was someone he had never met.
Lestrade is barely able to contain a grin as he continues, “Only if you think murder and false identities are boring. Look.”
Lestrade shrugs. “I wasn’t sure, but Sherlock wanted to come along so I assume he thinks something will happen.”
Donovan appears in the doorway, “Boss? We’re ready to go.”
Also, in Victorian times the color green indicated homosexual affiliations and the green carnation became a popular emblem thanks to Oscar Wilde and his followers.
It was colder here than in the sitting room, where the glow of the fire and John’s presence had kept the winter chill at bay and he shivered slightly as he slipped under the covers for warmth. He could hear John shuffling around in the kitchen and tried to focus on details of the case to distract him from the ever-present fear that he was a replaceable element in John and Rosie’s lives.
“Not that I’m complaining,” John added, “They’re really good.”
He turned on his heel and strode away to where a small path led into a dense thicket of trees.
“What happened?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock pays Mycroft a holiday visit, during which they discuss Rosie's Christmas present.
Holmes took a step closer to me, closing off our conversation from the man in form-fitting clothing who had stopped a few yards away to tie his shoe.
-Holmes
Queensberry took a seat, removed his hat and turned it over in his hands as he spoke, “Truth be told it’s a more delicate case than I would entrust to the official police. It’s not really about the keys, though I will need them back. It’s more about the young man who took them.”
I'm on tumblr at
He pushes the door open and for a moment all he sees is the flickering fire. Then he notices that the flowers from his experiment are missing. Instead the mantlepiece is lined with fresh roses, each in its own vase.
Back at Scotland Yard, one of Sherlock’s contacts sent him a photo of a man who had been seen in the area, presumably our elusive Evans. For once Sherlock had no clue who the man was but DI xxxxxxxx immediately identified him as James Winter. He had been previously arrested for bank robbery but it looked like he’d found a new way to make money after his release. A stakeout was arranged and Sherlock managed to get invited along. Of course he wasn’t too pleased with the way things are officially done so he went off on his own, leaving me to chase after him as usual.
“Do you really think Winter will turn up tonight.”
Sherlock breathes a sigh of relief but still looks concerned. “You don’t look fine,” he says, taking in John’s pale face and rapidly swelling ankle.
“You’ve already said that.”
Once he saw the evidence they had against him, Hastings confessed that Davies had owed him a large sum of money. He’d gone to confront him about it but Davies had turned violent and in the resulting fight, Hastings killed him. Not knowing what to do, he’d shoved Davies’ body into the freezer and made his escape, hoping that it would look like a break-in gone badly.
Sherlock made a sound of disbelief.
When he told Mummy that he wanted to stop playing because he would never make anything happen she stroked his hair and told him that what he could do wasn’t nothing - the wind would grow with him and would carry his music to the person he was fated to be with, and one day, when that person needed it the most, it would save their life.
“Sherlock!” Lestrade cuts in, a faint tinge of color on his cheeks, “the
When they return, the conference room table is spread with copies of bank statements and business receipts. Sure enough, Elizabeth Saunders’ company account shows a large cash deposit on the day the property title was signed over to Evans.
“Why is that so hard to believe, John?”
Sherlock was looking at the single red rose on the table with an expression of distaste and a bit of confusion, waiting for John’s answer.
Sarah was a lovely girl - kind, funny, attractive and wonderfully intelligent. Since they were both pre-med, she and John shared many of their classes and became fast friends. So when she expressed her interest, John hesitated only for the briefest moment before asking her out to dinner.
Lestrade takes the phone and looks closer at the photo. “This is down near the garage from yesterday?”
“Well, I already got my gifts from Santa when I was your age and now he’s going to come and give presents to you.”
“Why?” Sherlock asks, “You’re the one who invited me here in the first place today. And I haven’t finished sorting these yet.”
John sighed. “It’s one of those confusing things, Sweetie. It’s...well, Sherlock likes puzzles. And that murder was a puzzle. He helped Uncle Greg find the bad guy.”
John opens his eyes. And there it is. Red roses. His go-to romantic gesture. The one colour Sherlock had avoided. Was he trying to make it clear that he
John swallows two of the pills and settles back onto the bed. Sherlock busies himself arranging the extra pillow and some blankets to prop John’s leg up then uses the ice pack to massage gentle circles across his swollen ankle. John sighs in relief and feels himself relax into the soothing chill of the ice and the occasional warmth that comes when Sherlock’s fingers brush against his skin.
I'm not late :)
Suddenly Sherlock grabs his hand and John’s mind goes temporarily blank. He wonders for a moment if he is still asleep on the couch in 221B because he knows he’s had this dream before - him and Sherlock alone on a case late at night, huddled in a dark corner, hands grasping, hearts racing, then -
“It is morning. The sun just hasn’t caught up yet.” Sherlock replies, “John, please.”
“So just the two of you. Like old times, yes?” Angelo smiled, “I will bring something for you. Make the evening more special.”
, Greg.”
“So,” he says, a smile creeping across his face, “does this mean you want me to stay here with you instead of giving my statement to Lestrade?”
“You seem to be getting the hang of it,” John said after a full lap with minimal wobbles from Sherlock, “Want to try it on your own?”
Sherlock twiddles the focus on his microscope.
“I understand it’s not the usual way to do things,” Lestrade was saying, “but you can’t deny what an asset he’s been.”
“So, now we’re stuck here with no leads, no usable money and no idea how to get home?” I asked, “What on earth are we supposed to do now?”
Sherlock felt his heart beating a violent tattoo against his chest as John placed one hand on the back of his neck and pulled him gently downward.
-----
Also,
“Any leads on the Garridebs?” he asks as they enter.
-----
John emerges from this memory for a moment. He still has that tie, though it had remained buried at the back of his drawer ever since.
I'm on tumblr at
“You know John cares for you right?” she said.
“So, it’s got a camera?” Sherlock took the box and squinted at the doll through the plastic, “Sounds like Mycroft, only slightly less creepy.”
Sherlock is in love with him.
Of course Sherlock remembered. He filed everything about John carefully away in one room of his mind palace, painful though it might be sometimes.
“Where’s Rosie?”
-----
“Oh, never mind him,” Sherlock says, “Think. Really think - If you were going to kill yourself, not just try for attention, but actually succeed, how would you do it?”
“It was just supposed to be a lead on Lestrade’s missing person case. I had no idea. Believe me, I never would have taken her.”
-----
“What sort of reaction...” John begins.
After a while he feels Sherlock relax into sleep beside him, but John lies awake almost til dawn, his mind replaying Sherlock’s words.
“Not today.”
-----
Sarah laughed.
“Sherlock, what is it?”
“I’m not concerned,” says Sherlock. You shouldn’t be either. She’s an intelligent woman whose personality and interests complement yours. She’s obviously learned what she needs in a companion and has figured out that you’re a worthy candidate of her affections.
“You okay, Greg?” John asks as Lestrade glances at his phone for the third time in as many minutes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock refuses to leave John’s side or answer any questions about the case. When the ambulance arrives he insists that he be allowed to accompany John to the hospital.
“Why did you really get arrested,” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock shrugged and showed him the photo.
Sherlock’s eyes darted between the candle and John. When they’d started bringing Rosie, Angelo had removed the flame for safety, but apparently he’d never stopped thinking of their visits as dates. Now that Sherlock thought about it, he realized John had not protested when being mistaken for a couple for quite some time, but still. There was no need to hear the words and reopen old wounds.
John smiled in appreciation. No matter how many times he watched Sherlock’s mind work, he never failed to be impressed.
“Magic,” John said, making a twinkling gesture with his free hand.
He turned back to the mausoleum and eased the door shut. Then he bent forward to examine the grass before taking off running like a dog tracking a scent.
He picked up his violin and drew the bow across the strings at random to calm his mind. He hated the hope that fluttered in his chest every time John’s hand brushed his as they were hanging lights on the tree and the satisfaction he’d felt when John had confirmed that no, he would not be bringing a date to their Christmas party.
“Of course,” Mrs. Hudson continues, “I didn’t know until later that was how his associates paid him sometimes - hiding money in the wrappings. Pity he always took it out before giving them to me.”
“But what is it?” Sherlock asked.
“Whatever he did, it’s not my fault. I’m not his babysitter.”
There was a pause in which John listened anxiously for approaching footsteps but Dimmock simply told one of his officers to check the flat and ordered Sherlock into the back of the waiting car.
He made it halfway across the room before Sherlock spoke again.
He’d taken DI xxxxxxxx with him as a precaution, which is something he’d never have done before, and I later found out he didn’t even stop to examine the body - his first instinct was to pull Rosie away so she wouldn’t see it.
“I didn’t
“Unnecessary,” Sherlock said and waved a hand at his perfectly symmetrical house, “Right, Rosie?”
Sherlock gazed at him in amazement. He hadn’t dared to dream it would work but the music on the wind had reached John, had brought him home. Mummy had been right all those years ago. His person, the one his music had saved, the one who had saved him, was really there. Finally John was standing in front of him and Sherlock had no idea what to do.
But John had shut himself in the upstairs bedroom when they returned home and had already left for work by the time Sherlock woke that morning. So Sherlock had been left alone with nothing but his confused emotions for company.
“Of course I stayed, Sherlock. You saved me that night. You’ve saved me over and over again. You made me feel alive when I’d forgotten it was possible.”
Sherlock walking away from a case? Never thought I’d see the day.
“Are you awake yet?”
is that?” he asked when John joined him.
“You see, John, my dislike of Christmas carols is justified,” said Sherlock. Then he turned on his heel and swirled out of the room. John chuckled, bade Stella goodnight and followed in his wake.
I glanced over the headline and a photo of a woman with short, silvery-blonde hair giving some sort of speech, then my eyes fell on the date:
Sherlock doesn’t respond but releases his hold, allowing John to turn off the lamp and slide under the covers. John hesitates for a moment - they’ve been sleeping together for almost a month now but usually it’s just fingers brushing and a comforting warmth nearby, but John senses that, for whatever reason, this new closeness is what Sherlock needs tonight. He pulls him in closer so they can both rest their heads on the pillow and Sherlock wraps his fingers lightly around John’s wrist.
Sherlock slowly returned his gaze to John’s face, a look of sadness in his eyes.
“We’re getting there,” he replies.
“John?”
“Why are you suddenly so concerned about my love life?” Lestrade asks.
John wants to say something along the lines of how every day with Sherlock is special but can’t figure out how to put it into words. Instead he adds, “and for taking care of me this week.”
Sherlock wished he didn’t have to answer, wished that he had just let it go, like he had countless times before. No matter how he felt it wouldn’t change the way things were and what they had now was better than the alternative.
John felt a twinge of guilt as he slipped down the side alley but then had to choke back a laugh as he heard Sherlock asking loudly when they were leaving as if he were a child being dragged along on a road trip. He considered waiting for the phone call, if only to keep up appearances, but recalled the potentially time-sensitive nature of the case and decided against it. He flagged down a cab one street over and arrived at the station just as Sherlock was being escorted out of the patrol car, in through the side door that led to the holding cells.
Sherlock remained silent.
“I’ve gotten good with bedtimes,” John says, “I could read you a story too if you like.”
Pain ripped through John’s shoulder. Gunfire continued to erupt around him. As if from underwater he heard Bill Murray’s voice, felt strong hands holding pressure, keeping him from bleeding out. People surrounded him, shouting orders, telling him to stay with them. But it all felt dull in comparison with the music encircling him, wrapping him in love from a stranger he would never meet.
Before he could follow that thought any further he turned a corner and ran headlong into Sherlock.
Seriously though, props to you if you’re a parent who does this for their kid. I would never be able to do it (mostly because that elf creeps me out).
Rosie giggled and shook her head.
“But when Uncle Greg called him about one in July he said it was Christmas.”
“The rose.”
“136 South River Road.”
Yikes, I just went to the bank yesterday! How do I know if I’ve got any fake bills?
John. You’ve hardly said anything about the case. What is the point of this post?
Sherlock frowns at him. “What are you doing?”
John rolled his eyes and was about to hang up when he heard a static-y voice over a pa system in the background and the sound of a metal door closing. He sighed. He should have known better than to think Sherlock would stay home and out of trouble.
John slipped into the bathroom and took longer than was strictly necessary, hoping Sherlock would be in bed, feigning sleep by the time he returned but when he emerged, Sherlock was still standing near the door, examining the different figurines on the mantelpiece. He hadn’t removed his coat.
-----
John’s experience with dating was doomed before it began.
“She’ll be expecting you to wear it at Christmas,” Sherlock said as he stood and pulled on his own navy blue scarf. Then he reached into the tin and took the last cookie before walking out the door.
John sets the peach rose among its fellows and bites into one of the muffins, savoring the warm center and juicy blueberries. Sherlock seems to be contemplating something as he sips his tea. As John helps himself to a second pastry Sherlock speaks.
“Clearly, I didn’t want to think. Do use your brain, Mycroft.”
16 December 21:33
Sherlock ignored his question. “Let’s go. I want to make sure Jamison was convicted.”
“Brilliant,” John whispered.
He sighed as he glanced around the flat. Between Sherlock’s recent cases, his work, and various holiday obligations, he hadn’t spared a moment to tidy up beforehand. Of course, living with a 4 year old child and a flatmate who often acted like a 4 year old child didn’t help matters.
16 December 22:07
Sherlock shakes his head, “Not tired.” But John sees the dark circles under his eyes and reads the utter exhaustion in his posture.
“Well, whoever told you that is an idiot.” Sherlock says. For once Lestrade is inclined to agree.
16 December 21:01
Sherlock and John host their Christmas party at 221B.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What is your relation to the man?” Holmes asked
Cynthia’s smile faltered.
Love,
This was originally going to be way more angsty but I just couldn't bring myself to do that right now. So, hopeful it is.
Also, if you watch Grey's Anatomy, that's where I got the whole lying under the Christmas tree thing. I've been doing it every year since I saw that episode and there really is something magical about it.
A look of sadness clouded Sherlock’s eyes, even as he smiled toward Rosie.
Just wanted to show people another side of you. Besides, I think it’s sweet.
“Oh, so that’s why she asked me for frankincense the other week.”
John shrugged, his shoulder brushing against Sherlock’s as he did, “It was usually different adventures we wanted to go on, people we liked, that sort of thing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John smiled at the sound of his name, but at the same time, he seemed to be wavering on the precipice of a decision. He swallowed and his eyes flicked toward the glow of the streetlights streaming in through the window before he settled his gaze back on Sherlock.
-----
I’m Rosie’s godmother, not your housekeeper!
him, wasn’t it?” he asked.
Thanks for sticking with me and these two idiots on this longer-than-expected journey. When I first started writing this I didn't realize just how much the story would grow. And yes, it's a bit late for a Valentine's day fic but I did initially come up with the idea for this in February. It just took me a while to get it all edited and posted.
Can anyone list all the "easter eggs" from the original Three Garridebs story that I snuck into these past few chapters? There are several more obvious plot-related things but there are also a bunch of smaller references that have to do with people and places. Let me know in comments or as a tumblr ask at
16 December 21:44
About halfway down the page there was a scribbled blob, covering up some words, that might have passed for a drawing of an avalanche or a sideways christmas tree depending on how you looked at it.
So Sherlock went to check it out. He wasn’t able to get into the building so he went poking around in the area nearby and that’s when he found Davies. Dead. Tucked away in a corner of Hyde Park in a shallow grave covered by a large pile of pine branches. Oh, and he was frozen solid.
John thanked her and hurried over to the front desk to take the call.
dundundun...cliffhanger. Sorry folks, I couldn't help myself. Chapter 8 will be up on Saturday.
“It appears this is not a dream or a hallucination, but a most peculiar occurrence.”
“What are you doing out here, Watson?”
Lestrade smiles as he turns to the door. “Yes, I thought that was obvious.”
“Fine,” Sherlock says, pulling out his phone and flicking through the last few messages, “Alexandra Garrideb.” he says, turning the screen toward Lestrade and revealing a photo of the woman, “Real name: Elizabeth Saunders. She was a real estate agent who dealt mainly with commercial assets. Her most recent sale was a warehouse near the river, sold to a man going by the name Jonathan Evans. Payment was made in cash.”
“Here.” Sherlock says, thrusting the screen toward Lestrade. John catches a glimpse of a short man with a round, clean-shaven face. He recognizes the area in the photo as one of the streets near the warehouse.
An hour later John kicked open the door to 221B, arms laden with more sugary confections than should be consumed in a year and a few other things that had actually been on their grocery list.
Mycroft turned it over. The wrapping paper had dancing reindeer on it. No doubt John had let Rosie pick the design, but the neat folds in the paper told him that Sherlock had been the one to do the wrapping. He opened it to find a thick knitted scarf with alternating red and green stripes and found a smile creeping across his face in spite of himself.
“I should hope not. Have them put snaps on the inside.”
“Holmes?”
Sherlock frowned then picked up a honey bee plushie and held it out for John’s approval.
John climbs the steps to 221B. After several weeks of rebuilding the flat and another week of oscillation over the matter, he and Rosie are finally coming back for good.
Sherlock filled him in as he fiddled with the freezer thermostat.
My boys! You two are such wonderful parents.
John wakes to find a peach rose sitting on his bedside table. When did Sherlock sneak in to put it there? He hastily checks to make sure that all signs of his late night fantasy are hidden from view then heads downstairs bringing the rose with him.
John chuckled and gazed up at the twinkling lights on the tree. Other than the fire, they were the only sources of light in the room.
John let out a breath he hadn’t known he was holding.
Sherlock had one hand on the door when John caught up to him and placed a hand gently on his arm.
All the florists seem to have stocked up in preparation for Valentine’s Day but he tries four different shops before finding lavender and burgundy roses. None of them seem to have the particular floribunda Sherlock brought home three days ago but he figures he’ll have time to find a replacement later if necessary.
Greg separated himself from his team and joined Sherlock. After checking that Rosie was occupied he asked,
was one of the people whose jobs you saved during that big financial case two years ago. Melanie Rosetti ring any bells?”
“Yes.” John says. But this time he doesn’t follow Sherlock’s gaze toward the heavens and instead drinks in the sight of the man standing beside him.
John peers through the car window. “It doesn’t look like a robbery.”
“You know that, right?” John leans forward, “You matter.” He takes a breath and continues, “more than anyone I’ve ever met.”
Sherlock had John’s laptop open and was staring intently at something on the screen.
Sherlock shakes his head. “Dinner? Maybe a bit of a walk if you’re feeling up to it.”
Molly shook her head. It wasn’t that she didn’t want to meet anyone. It was just that she always seemed to fall for men who were unavailable, liars, or just entirely the wrong person for her. Besides, she was perfectly fine on her own. Though she had to admit on cold nights like this it would be nice to have someone besides Toby to warm the other side of the bed.
Greg sighed in frustration. “Christ, are the two of you blind? I’ve seen the way you look at him...it’s like-”
“That’s half the fun, isn’t it?” she said with a wink as she climbed into the waiting taxi.
“Don’t wear that one,” he said taking the tie from John’s hands.
He had returned later than expected after dinner last night. Sherlock was already in his room, though John suspected he was sulking rather than sleeping. It had been nice catching up with Harry and for once they made it through an entire evening without more than a bit of good-natured bickering. Her newly reclaimed sobriety certainly helped. She’d told him a bit about her progress, showed him her 90 day chip, then talked excitedly about her new job at a local publishing company. For his part, John had spent most of the night talking about their most recent case and complaining about Sherlock and his ridiculous experiments, much to Harry’s amusement. “I mean, what kind of experiment can he possibly be doing with one rose?” he’d asked her. Harry had just smirked at him, but uncharacteristically let the subject drop.
“I’m fine,” John says, smiling at Sherlock’s concern. “Actually, that was Greg. He needs you to go by today.”
Greg nodded, but there had been something in his tone that told Sherlock there was more to the story.
“Sherlock?”
“Did she like the tie?”
“Well, anyway, you can’t just sit there all night,” John said, "Your arse is gonna freeze."
John shot him a look.
, he whispered threading his fingers through the tendrils of sound,
Stella extracted the 5 statements containing descriptions of the stolen items.
Sherlock hands him the flower and steps aside so John can see past him into the bedroom. There are candles here too and the path of rose petals leads to the neatly made bed.
Oh, you boys need to be more careful. Are you feeling better?
Davies had been missing since the end of November with no trace, so Scotland Yard asked Sherlock for help. At first he didn’t think it was worth his time; said the holidays are a good time to disappear, what with all the tedious Christmas carols and such, but then he got a tip to check out a little restaurant near the Winter Wonderland. It was closed for several weeks while the owners were on holiday but Sherlock’s contact had seen one of their employees sneaking around the area.
“I missed you,” said Sherlock, “I didn’t want you to leave.”
An uncomfortable silence fell across the room, in which I imagined the man in front of me facing a jury as the accused rather than accuser, for he was surely a more immoral person than the man whose reputation he had destroyed. To my great relief Holmes emerged from his thoughts before Queensberry attempted again to engage me in conversation.
You know what I meant.
John smiles sympathetically and pulls a stack of papers toward himself as Lestrade gets up to rescue his unfortunate subordinate.
It’s gratitude, longing and desperation all rolled into a single syllable and with it, John forgets all hesitation, reaches up and pulls Sherlock toward him before finally, finally,
John shook his head. He knew that despite their odd ways of showing affection, the Holmes brothers really did care about each other. He also knew that Sherlock was secretly looking forward to Christmas dinner at his parents’ house, if only for his mother’s baking.
John let out a snort of laughter.
“This again?” Sherlock grumbles.
“I love you, Sherlock,” John repeats, “and I’m not going anywhere.”
“So that’s where she gets it from,” he said nodding toward Rosie, “She's been trying to steal a taste all afternoon. You’re supposed to wait until it’s cooked.”
When he limps out to the living room shivering slightly he finds Sherlock reclined elegantly on the sofa, which does nothing for his state of mind. He readjusts his bathrobe and slides into his seat at the desk to hide his returning erection.
Sherlock nods. His eyes flick down toward John’s feet and he smiles then leads the way down the stairs.
Molly looked again and saw two familiar silhouettes on the ice. When she zoomed in, she saw that John seemed to be holding Sherlock’s hands, leading him around the rink.
-----
“Because, and I’m sure you’d agree, Mr. Holmes, the police are an inefficient lot who overlook the most obvious things.”
“Of course I remember. Pink phone. Taxi driver. You had the wrong wine with your fettuccine.”
And yes, the caroling thieves stole 5 golden rings. I don’t know why to be honest, because that’s probably not worth the trouble they went through, but oh well. This is my brain on Christmas music and lack of sleep. Weird things happen.
And with that he turned and disappeared out the door.
He limps out to the living room where he finds Sherlock curled up on his chair and a magnificent fry-up, courtesy of Mrs. Hudson, on the table. Sherlock is strangely quiet, only asking how John is feeling today and if he slept well before lapsing into silence as they eat. Perhaps he’s pondering over some of the lingering details of the case, John thinks. He still doesn’t quite understand the timeline of it all but Sherlock doesn’t seem ready to explain so he settles himself on the sofa with the newest issue of the British Medical Journal.
Sherlock shrugs, not looking up from his slides. “It reminded me of someone,” he says, “That particular cultivar anyway.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John doesn’t say anything but collects the other roses from the table and passes them over to her.
Sherlock sighed and turned back to Greg.
: wearing a suit of armor in Parliament, beating a rug, jumping a queue in the tube station, sliding on ice or snow in the streets, touching a pelican, killing a swan, and flying a kite. I think you'd probably just get fined, not arrested, if you tried doing these things but of course Sherlock's always been a bit of an overachiever, hasn't he?
He waited for John to pull away, or to give him a sad smile and say that he did care about Sherlock, just not in that way. What he didn’t expect was the look of relief that spread across John’s face as he took a step closer and shifted his hand so their fingers were intertwined.
“She...she thinks I’m one of Rosie’s parents?”
Angelo greeted them warmly, clasping hands with both before showing them to their usual table.
But first there was a party to prepare for, so he sent another message.
“R-right,” he stammered, taking the rejected tie from Sherlock’s hands, their fingers brushing for the briefest of moments. “I’ll...just go and find it then.” He turned to head up the stairs to his bedroom, trying to steady his breathing.
“Does Greg know you took this?”
, Holmes?”
“Pending?”
“I know you don’t feel that way about things but sometimes I can’t help thinking maybe – ”
John shook his head but answered anyway as he continued searching for a matching tie.
Sherlock glances over her again and his eyes meet hers. “You’re happy.” he observes.
Whew! That’s a relief! Thanks!
John froze, suddenly aware of how close Sherlock was standing. They were almost shoulder to shoulder, John still facing the mirror. If he turned, their arms would surely brush. As it was he could feel Sherlock’s breath ruffling his hair. He wondered if his friend could hear his heart pounding against his ribcage or see the rapid flutter of his pulse.
Warning: some references to suicide in this chapter.
Happy Holidays, everyone!
Sherlock shrugged and wandered around the building toward a thick grove of trees. “No matter, I’m sure there’s other things to see.”
After meeting Sherlock, his holidays had consisted of faked deaths, loneliness, reluctant wedding planning, lies, murder, and now the challenge of raising a child without her mother.
“Sorry for what?” John asked.
John felt his heart melt. Sherlock had been willing to give up the case to look after Rosie. His doubts that had surfaced last night when Sherlock had dragged them away from dinner vanished and John fought the impulse to pull Sherlock over and kiss him right then and there. Instead he smiled and handed Sherlock his coat.
“Sherlock, I -”
Greg rolled his eyes. “How many times do I have to tell you, that’s not how it works.”
“For...for the experiment, I mean. Sherlock’s experiment,” he stammers, “with the roses, you know. I just thought...I mean the old ones needed replacing so-”
When my companion gave no reply I raised my head, only to see him staring off into the distance.
7 February 13:52
At this, Sherlock turned away to stare up through the branches in silence, refusing to meet his eyes and John felt a sense of panic rise in his chest.
Lestrade gives her the new information about Winter and they turn to leave.
“Do you have something on Davies?” he asked
“Which is fine,” he added, though in reality it was anything but fine.
“I know you’re worried. Just go find him.”
“It’s nothing.”
7 February 13:34
Sherlock shrugs, “Not really.”
16 December 21:38
“I said ‘what have you got on today?’” Sherlock repeats.
His heart pounded in his chest as he reached across the table and placed his hand over Sherlock’s.
John shrugged and took a sip from one of the mugs he’d brought with him.
John sighs. “Come on,” he tugs on his arm and to his relief, Sherlock allows himself to be lead down the hall to his bedroom.
“What did you expect, John?”
On a personal note, I’m going out of town this weekend and will be mostly without internet so the next chapter will be posted on Wednesday. Sorry!
“Is it an experiment?”
“Daddy, I wanna hear a Christmas story.”
“The stripes are too wide,” Sherlock said, “Wear the blue one. The one with navy and charcoal stripes. It’ll complement your shirt, won’t clash with your jacket and it matches your eyes.”
Sholto tilted his head and listened. He couldn’t hear music of course, only the faint whistle of the breeze, but he seemed to understand.
“It’s not just trivia.” John says, “Stars help with navigation.”
Sherlock glared at him, but held the door open as they entered the restaurant.
Before he'd met Sherlock, his Christmases had progressed from shouting and loaded silences at home, to drunken parties at uni, to simply surviving during and after the war.
He glanced down the street teeming with vehicles then pointed toward a familiar clocktower in the distance.
“Sherlock, wait.”
John is looking at me. Apparently clarification is rude. I apologize.
The elders said his music could transcend space and time and that it would reach other worlds. But at the moment all Sherlock wanted was to be like everyone else, or at least to be able to use his music to whip the snow Mycroft created with his keyboard into snowballs to fling back at him.
“Much better, yeah.” John says, “You didn’t have to come down.”
Sorry, not much fluff in this chapter, but we’ll get back to it. They still need to finish their conversation after all ;)
“Anything?”
“Sorry, what?”
Yup, there's a part two in the works. Originally it was supposed to be all one story but as I was writing the idea just decided to bloom (haha) and I realized it made more sense to split it up. So...yeah, keep an eye out for that!
Holmes shot me a look. “Call it what you will, his only crime is falling in love with the wrong person.”
Molly rolled her eyes. “I'm starting to think it’ll take a Christmas miracle for
He shook his head and pulled me into a deserted side alley.
-----
The ride over takes almost an hour and John sleeps as well as he can while sitting upright. At first he keeps jerking awake with the feeling of falling sideways but eventually slips into a light doze. He wakes to find himself leaning comfortably against Sherlock, head resting on his shoulder. His first thought is embarrassment until he realizes that Sherlock must have scooted closer so he could sleep without falling over. Well, it’s the least he could do after dragging him out of bed at this ungodly hour. At this thought, John smiles and closes his eyes again until the cab drops them off a few streets from the warehouse.
-----
“He leaves experiments all over the flat - chemicals melting our cups, that sort of thing. There’s eyeballs in the microwave more often than food in the cabinets unless I’ve done the shopping, but he knows all the best places to eat in a 20 mile radius. He can navigate the most obscure back alleys of the city but can’t be bothered to find his mobile when it’s just across the room. He’s brilliant though, the way his mind works. But it’s not just his deductions and brains. He makes it seem as if he doesn’t care about anyone’s opinions or feelings. I mean, sometimes that might be true. He doesn’t take cases unless they interest him, but sometimes he’ll do something like help a kid come out to his parents or track down a pet rabbit. Of course he’ll do that in the most unconventional way possible, but still -”
John shuffles the makeshift vases aside so he can see Sherlock properly. The first few roses are beginning to wither but yesterday’s peach one is just now unfurling its petals into full bloom.
He assumed Sherlock would eventually tell him but in the end it took John marching up to Mycroft’s door to get the bare minimum of answers. It was then that he learned of Victor’s existence and the tragic role he had played in Eurus’s childhood “game” with Sherlock. He mentioned it just once, a few days before he’d moved back but Sherlock’s only response was to shrug and adjust the headphones on the bison skull.
We need biscuits.
“But how will you solve your little murder if I leave?” says Sherlock, one hand behind his head, the other making the fighter jet rise and fall on a lazy path in front of him.
“Want some help?” John asked as Sherlock gripped the rail around the edge of the rink trying to steady himself.
Sherlock gave him a few minutes to get dressed, added an extra minute to account for any indecision in date attire, then followed him up and took a seat on the bed. John examined his reflection in the mirror as he buttoned his shirt.
Her eyes light up with excitement and she claps her hands together before John realizes his mistake.
“Wait, you knew that? Why did we come here?”
Dimmock shot him a suspicious look but all he said as John paid Sherlock’s bail was, “Just keep him away from my crime scene.”
Real mature, Harry. How old are you again?
They are arranged left to right in the exact order he set the originals out. The colours are identical except that the fusilier rose is replaced by a deep blue.
John isn’t sure if this means that Sherlock is sleeping on the couch or if he’s decided to forego sleep altogether in favor of a new experiment. He doesn’t argue, nor does he admit that he would happily remain in Sherlock’s bed until he either kicks John out or joins him. If he’s being honest, he’s hoping for the latter.
Lestrade called him down to see about a man found dead in a library reading room. It looked like an interesting case - locked door, no signs of a struggle, but that day Sherlock couldn’t quite bring himself to focus.
“Shit,” Lestrade says and turns to the group of officers waiting nearby, “Donovan! Pull everyone we can spare. We’ve got to find out who these two are. If we know how they’re connected we can find our murderer.”
John turns to stare at the flowers on the table to make sure that they’re real, that he’s not imagining this. Memories flit across his mind - the way Sherlock slipped his arm around him as they walked the night before, the terror in his eyes when he thought John had been shot, the smug look of satisfaction when John once again cancelled a date to join him on a case, and the look on his face the very first night at Angelo’s when John asked if he had a boyfriend.
“It would certainly make things more interesting.”
“John?”
“No, Sweetheart,” he said, “Remember I told you Santa gives gifts to people when they’re children so they learn how to give to others when they grow up?”
John felt his breath catch and he reached across and gave Sherlock’s hand a brief squeeze.
“What?”
“She clearly has different priorities,
“Thanks, Greg.” John replies.
John shifts uncomfortably. An image he hasn’t seen since Sherlock entered his life rises unbidden to his mind - a loaded gun in a bedside table - not protection, but a quick and easy escape. There were nights back then, after Afghanistan, when he’d done more than just think idly about the possibility of oblivion. There were nights, when things got really bad, that he’d found himself lying awake, staring at the ceiling debating what method would be the least painful for him and the least trouble for the people he'd leave behind. He hadn’t exactly had a plan, but given a few more months...
“Fine. That’s Orion the hunter. His knee,” he points again, “is called Rigel even though the name actually means ‘foot’. Betelgeuse is his armpit and he has no head for some reason. Trace a path down to the left and you have the brightest star in the sky - Sirius, the dog star, though if you ask me Canis Major looks more like a headless stickman. Utterly ridiculous, but there you go.”
John realizes that Mycroft must have told him at least some of the story but doesn’t know how to explain what’s going on with Sherlock and their...arrangement.
John glances back at the rose on the table. “Yellow today,” he murmurs.
John looked away. He’d never been able to discuss this with Sherlock the way he’d been able to with his mates from uni or the blokes in the army.
Burgundy Roses mean "unconscious beauty".
One night when John slips away to tend to Rosie he returns to find Sherlock sitting up in bed, John’s pillow clutched to his chest. John seats himself on the edge of the bed next to him.
“It’s this thing me and Harry used to do when we were kids,” John said, “before things got...complicated.”
So, John finally gets it. FINALLY. Why do these two idiots make things so complicated? Seriously though, this story had a mind of its own.
Can you find all the references from the original 3 Garridebs story I snuck in? Let me know in the comments :)
Sherlock scowls at his brother, “I’ve told you, Mycroft, I’ve got a lot going on at the moment.”
There are a few others with names like “Playboy” (a firey orange and yellow bloom) and “Passionate Kisses” (a delicate salmon colour), that make him blush to think about Sherlock in the same breath, but he realises that neither of these are the shade he’s looking for.
A minute later though he feels a warm hand on his shoulder and Sherlock’s breath tickling his ear.
“Thought we could go by and ask some questions.”
“You’ve met before but she was more acquaintance than friend. You’ve not seen each other in years so she’s either just moved back to London or is visiting for a short while,” Sherlock said, “Other than that, there are too many variables. You’re clearly in a hurry so you might as well answer my questions so you can get on with getting off.”
“But I thought you said it was urgent.”
“He’s a good man. And he really does care about you. You deserve that, Molly.”
“I’m sorry.”
You did help. You were defrosting a corpse.
Will you please also bring:
He breaks off as John pulls back to stare at him in disbelief. “What?”
John couldn’t stop himself from responding to this last one.
One tiny part of Sherlock’s brain wanted to roll its eyes at the cliche of Christmas love confessions and first kisses under the tree. But the rest of his brain was busy cataloging exactly what it felt like to finally have John’s lips on his, knowing that they both wanted exactly the same thing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Here,” says Sherlock, guiding John’s hand to a spot on the floor and John feels it - a small groove in the concrete. With a little difficulty they lift the camouflaged door up and peer inside. There are several steps leading down to a shallow basement.
Then, turning to John, he asked, “So, what was it this time?”
The last quivering notes hung in the air between them.
22 comments:
“What, where?” Greg asked, then his eyes widened. “Oh shit.”
John hesitated but Sholto’s smile was kind. Not mocking, but genuinely curious.
John crouched down next to her. “Sherlock doesn’t want a murder.”
“You’re home early,” Sherlock remarked as John shrugged out of his coat. After the evening’s events he was not in the mood for conversation but Sherlock didn’t seem to take the hint.
“Oh, by the way,” she added, “I’ve met Mrs. Thompson’s daughter. She really is quite pretty. A little quirky but nice. She’d probably like you.”
“What are you talking about? I was only gone for a couple of hours,” John said.
“No.”
When they arrived in Hampstead half an hour later, Stella extricated herself from the crowd of residents on the sidewalk and waved them over.
John began to pace.
“You’re not seriously thinking of getting one, are you?” Sherlock asked, crossing his arms.
“Really?” John asked, “You’re not going back to bother Dimmock?”
“You’d like that, wouldn’t you.”
“I feel like I could say the same for you,” he said, “But not at gingerbread houses. You’re rubbish at those.”
-----
“Sherlock Holmes,” he said, extending his hand to her in greeting, “I’d say it’s been a pleasure but we already have seats so we’ll be going. It looks like your ex-husband is here with his new girlfriend. Perhaps you could sit with them.”
“You have a call on the main line actually,” she said, “DI Lestrade.”
“I would assume, the same way you did,” Holmes replied mildly.
It’s well into the afternoon before Sherlock emerges from his mind palace. He turns to John and glances at the flower next to him with a slight raise of his eyebrows, no doubt noting its new location, and begins scribbling furiously in small notebook.
“So,” said Sherlock as though explaining to a child that two plus two equals four, “the only reason he knows about this place is because he stayed here on holiday with his wife. Naturally he would have wanted something romantic to try and win her back from the PE teacher. Why did you call him anyway?”
7 February 14:19
John didn’t answer but sat down in the space beside the tree Sherlock had just cleared and leaned back so that he was staring up through the branches.
Sherlock leans back, picks up the dart-like plane and lets it fly. It sails all the way across the room before crashing into the window.
When they return to Baker Street well after nightfall, breathless with laughter, they’re both far too tired to cook dinner so John suggests they go around the corner for Chinese. Sherlock leads the way with an endearing grin on his face and spends the meal stealing wontons from John’s plate and trying to deduce the fortunes of each of their fellow diners. John tries to hide a smile when Sherlock’s fortune tells him “People are naturally attracted to you.” His own reads “Better late than never.”
When Sherlock remains silent he continues, “Every morning I’ll remind you of the way you drag me out of bed at all hours of the night when there’s a case. I’ll remind you of the way you read my whole life story the moment you met me. I’ll remind you that even though I shot a cabbie for you, you were the one who saved me. And every night I’ll remind you that even though you can be the most annoying arsehole on the planet when you set your mind to it, you’re still my best friend and the best man I’ve ever known.”
She blushed.
Some biscuits would be nice.
They’d both had money problems and had no close friends or family but nothing really jumped out at us. That is, until we learned that the last property Miss Saunders sold was purchased with cash - not just paid in full with a check or bank transfer, but
John convinces Sherlock to walk home instead of taking a cab even though his still-tender ankle protests at the sudden increase in activity. As they wander down a few side streets, away from the bright center of town, he tries to hide the slight limp that returns the longer they walk. Sherlock notices almost immediately but doesn’t say anything, trusting John to know his limits. Instead he loops his arm loosely around John’s waist to lend some support.
John nods and they return to Sherlock’s side where they are treated to a lengthy deduction about the woman’s job, her unhappy marriage, and the obvious signs that she simply ran off with her lover.
, John thinks,
The other man crossed his arms. “Sure, Holmes might have cracked a few cases playing backyard detective but this sort of thing is a job for the police, not some freak with a science kit and a hard on for adventure.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes but went back to reading his book without argument.
“Yeah, but children her age are supposed learn about the solar system and how evaporation works, not how to identify the cause of death in a murder victim!”
Sherlock shrugged.
“It’s called ‘Elf on the Shelf’,” he replied, taking one down and examining it, “One of the mums at Rosie’s nursery school was talking about it.”
“Done,” Sherlock says, without looking up.
Yeah, I know this isn’t the way most 4-year olds would write a Christmas list, but remember who she’s being raised by. Haha. That’s actually just a convenient excuse for the fact that I have very little frame of reference for what a child that age would actually write.
16 December 21:46
“The warehouse.” Sherlock says, “There’s something I overlooked. God, so stupid. We have to go back before it’s too late.”
he thought furiously.
“One of these days you’re going to prove everyone wrong,” Sherlock said, “You’re going to find a girl, hopefully one who isn’t intolerably dull, get married, and put all the rumors to rest.”
“That’s because you’ve been complaining about John for two hours.” She says as she locks the cabinet.
Sherlock stayed where he was, fingers tangled tightly in rust coloured fur, feeling desperately for the heart he knew would never beat again.
He collapses onto the bed with a sigh then freezes as he breathes in. Apparently Sherlock decided to sleep up here while John was in his bed. John can smell the familiar scent of shampoo, musky cologne and
Sherlock scrambled up to sitting and opened his mouth to apologize but John shook his head and nodded toward Rosie, then stood and led the way downstairs so they could talk without waking her.
But it also has a sense of being incomplete until you add one more to make a perfect dozen which has the meaning of “be mine”.
“So?”
-----
He glances through the glass walls of the conference room and frowns at Sherlock who is now badgering one of the assistants for access to the database.
Yes, see you at 7.
John shook his head, “Seriously, Sherlock. We’ve got to be more careful about which cases we talk about in front of her. It’s not like when she was a baby - she actually understands what you’re saying now. A bit too well if you ask me.”
“I’ll be fine,” he said, raising the instrument to his chin and lifting the bow.
So he waits. And waits. And my god, it’s a good thing they’ve been so busy with cases or John would be jumping out of his skin by now.
So...a date? Yes, a date. But of course neither of them is acknowledging that fact. Sigh. They’re getting there...slowly.
Sherlock glances at John then directs his answer toward the flower between them, “It’s more of a social experiment. Or if you want to be more precise you could call it ‘an examination of the effect of symbolism on interpersonal relationships’.”
“Because it’s
“It’s nothing.” He glared at Greg then looked down at the ground, “John doesn’t see me that way. I’m his best friend who’s helping him raise his daughter.”
Sherlock looked around at the pile of cookies as if only now realizing how many there were.
John looks up in surprise. It’s not that Sherlock never pitches in around the flat, though his helpfulness tends to come in unpredictable waves that last for a couple of days then vanish just when John is getting used to having clean dishes in the cabinets. But on these occasions Sherlock usually just deduces what he wants instead of asking. There’s a sort of uncertainty in the way he looks at John now.
“Mr. Holmes?” He glanced between us before his gaze settled on my companion.
“Oh, it was.” Sherlock leaned back in his seat. “But even that lot should be able to figure it out now that they’re in there.”
“What?” Sherlock shrugs with feigned innocence, “Geoff’s not stupid enough to actually arrest me. Besides, it’s not really me he’s angry at. He’s just upset he had to cancel his date last night.”
“122 years into the future, yes.” Holmes said in a low voice, “And I’m not sure it’s wise to advertise that fact until we can learn more about our situation.”
“But John -”
“No, my dear Watson, he is indeed guilty of the claims made against him. What I meant was it’s utterly absurd that a man can be punished for love.”
. Come say hi!
Chapter 2: "Wish list", In which Rosie writes her letter to Santa. Of course, John only has one thing on his wishlist.
-----
“Oh,” Greg said, feeling his heart sinking a bit, “I didn’t realize you - Is he coming to the party?”
When John had nearly finished a second lap Sherlock forced himself to tear his eyes away from his friend and tried again to imitate him. This time he made it a grand total of ten feet before ending up sprawled on the ice.
Sherlock looked at him.
“But why is it taking so long? Does he not want-”
“I want
And now to top it off, it wouldn’t stop raining.
Then there’s the fact that he doesn’t sleep. John is used to Sherlock’s odd hours and insatiable energy when he’s on a case but they haven’t taken one in over a month. Besides, during breaks between cases, it’s not unusual for Sherlock to stay in bed until late into the morning but since he’s moved back, John has yet to see Sherlock spend more time in his bedroom than the time it takes to change his clothes.
This doesn’t clear things up at all, but at least Sherlock is talking...sort of. John shrugs and pours himself a cup. There’s no sugar this time so it’s probably not drugged. Besides, he admits, he could do with the caffeine.
Molly continues tidying up but remains silent.
Greg and Sherlock have a conversation while they follow a pine scented trail.
Sherlock shrugged and went back to assembling the base of Rosie’s house while she selected the candies she wanted to use.
“To do some research.”
“You never make coffee.”
But with Sherlock none of the old rules apply. Going out to dinner is more or less the same as it was before except now when Angelo places a candle on their table John smiles and reaches for Sherlock’s hand. There is the walk home of course - wandering through the twisting streets of London hand in hand, and stolen kisses under the moonlight. But when they return to Baker Street there’s no lingering on the doorstep - they simply climb the stairs together laughing.
Come to think of it, Sherlock couldn’t remember the last time John had been out on a date. Not that it meant anything.
John sighed. Even if neither of them had said it aloud, he knew the real reason they’d broken up was because of his complicated, indefinable relationship with Sherlock.
“It’s nothing special.” Sherlock says, not meeting his eyes.
He takes a seat across from Sherlock. “No rose today?”
I’m not sure how it happened, but these are no longer stand alone chapters. If you haven’t at least read Ch. 10, I suggest you do that first.
“It doesn’t matter.”
“That was once,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock Holmes had his fingers pressed together, “‘Books are well written or badly written. That is all’.”
Happy Christmas.
Sherlock’s head snapped up and he pulled his coat tighter around himself.
“Yeah, except it took
“Who is she?” Sherlock asked.
Lestrade crosses his arms. “That’s not what I was asking and you know it.”
“Why?”
“We’re here.”
the ones that are empty?” Stella asked.
Apparently while he was in jail James Winter met a woman named Deborah Garry who was a genius counterfeiter, known in criminal circles as Garridebs. He managed to get the plans to build a replica of her machine and upon his release, set to work finding a place and a person to build it. One of his contacts tipped him off about the warehouses. When Miss Saunders showed it to him it was clear that she had no idea there was a secret room and he saw his chance.
“Oi!” Lestrade says, “this is a stakeout, not a slumber party!”
Lestrade nods and turns back to his team. As he glances over his shoulder he sees Sherlock rest a hand protectively on John’s arm as the paramedic wraps a blood pressure cuff around the other.
Sherlock disappeared into the kitchen to check on his latest experiment - something to do with the strength and density of icicles infused with various substances.
“So, how many houses got hit?” He asked.
Sherlock raised his gaze to John’s face. The sound of his heart beating in his chest and the whisper of their skates cutting into the ice seemed to drown out the chatter of the crowd around them as he concentrated on the deep blue-green of John’s eyes.
Dr. Montgomery leaves shortly after, assuring John that he’ll make a full recovery and should be discharged soon. The nurse, a woman in her mid-thirties, steps forward and begins checking his vitals - all normal. She’s efficient and John can tell she’s passionate about her job.
“No one’s here yet.”
“Go easy on them Sherlock,” he said, “People are more inclined to help you if you’re nice to them.”
“Why does that matter?”
“It appears, my dear Watson that the question is not ‘where’ but ‘when’.”
“Sherlock, stop.” John interrupts because he knows Sherlock could go on for hours like this.
When the noise persists he ventures downstairs and enters through the kitchen, hoping he won’t have to play peacemaker. Sherlock is slumped in his chair like a petulant child, drawing his bow across the strings erratically, creating a frenzied maelstrom of sound. Mycroft is standing near the fireplace, umbrella in hand, glaring down at his younger brother. John admires Mycroft’s willpower not to fling his hands over his ears, an impulse he’s currently fighting. Instead he settles for preparing a cup of tea and hopes he can slip back upstairs before getting dragged into whatever problem Mycroft is here about.
“Why do you give them roses, John?”
John glances at where Sherlock is lying stretched out on the sofa and realizes that the shirt hugging his slim frame is an almost identical shade as today’s rose. Sherlock’s eyes are closed so John allows his gaze to sweep up and down his still form. Sock-clad feet brush against one armrest, freshly washed curls spill over the other. His elegant fingers are tented below his chin - most likely he’s filing the details of yesterday’s case away in his mind palace.
“What?”
His phone rang and Sherlock rolled his eyes but answered, “Lestrade. Do you have something good?”
“John?” Sherlock’s voice breaks through his inner conflict and John realizes Sherlock has been trying to get his attention for several minutes. How long has he been staring at this flower, arguing with his brain about whether or not the man who put it there has feelings for him? He feels heat rising in his face as he turns to reply.
Sherlock leaned down to kiss him again in response.
There’s the way Sherlock constantly deduces irrelevant things about John’s day - like which street he walked down on his way to the shops. That in itself wouldn’t be unusual if not for the frequency he does it and the way he looks to John for confirmation before looking away, as if he’s afraid he got it wrong. There’s the constant questions about John’s past - what it was like growing up with Harry, what caused them to grow apart, and if he wishes things were different. There’s the way he stares at Rosie when she plays with her favourite soft toy in the shape of a basset hound. There’s his recitation of how he proved Mrs. Hudson’s late husband was guilty and the way he bites his lip when he asks her if that’s the way she remembers it.
It was a rhetorical question and when Sherlock didn’t answer, John took his silence as permission to enter.
“We’re having a nice time, Sherlock. I don’t need a fake emergency. I’ll see you at home.”
“The woman was a real-estate agent, though not a particularly successful one. She’s London-born and recently moved back to the city after some years living in America. She had no living family in the area, at least not any that she was close with. She may have had a few friends in the city but none that she saw on a regular basis - probably fell out of touch when she moved. She lived alone and had been thinking of getting a cat, but after an increase of in her rent and a decrease in income, decided that she should wait before adding another mouth to feed.”
“You’ve done enough, Sherlock. Go home and let me do my job,” Lestrade says.
“Even if it is you saved my life on our first case together,” Sherlock says, “You win.”
Lestrade frowns, “It seems pretty straightforward. There was a line running from the exhaust to the cabin. Forensics has it. They’re trying to see if they can get anything from it.”
He took a deep breath. It seemed to take all he had not to look away.
hallucination? I distinctly remember things going shaky in that tomb. Perhaps something happened and I’m lying concussed in the dark with the predictions of the future you’re so fond of expounding coming to life in my head.”
He pulls out a page containing a list of banks, corresponding columns with large sums of money, and a long string of serial numbers. “This,” he says, pointing at the first bank on the list, “was where Saunders had her business account. And this one,” he points to another name halfway down the page, “was Prescott’s personal bank.”
Sherlock ignores this and continues, “It’s just...yesterday, when you still thought it was a suicide...it seemed to strike a chord with you.
“Oh come on, Sherlock. That’s not the same.”
Sherlock peered through one of the windows, “I thought we could poke around, get some clues.”
A moment later the Marquess was in our sitting room. He was around 50 years of age with close-cropped hair and heavy-set eyebrows and was clearly a man who took pride in his social status. He seemed to have a look of perpetual disapproval on his face, though perhaps I imagined it, my conversation with Holmes fresh in my mind.
Sherlock pointed to a note on the back of the paper.
Even if they did though, John can’t quite figure out how to ask without feeling like he’s pushing Sherlock into something he might not even want. Sherlock loves him. He knows that, but it’s not like he can just come out and say “Let’s have sex tonight,” can he? True, it’s often Sherlock who initiates their more spontaneous kisses - in the back of a cab, or in the middle of crowded streets, or sometimes at crime scenes (causing Lestrade to roll his eyes in exasperation while trying to hide a smile). But he always seems to stop right before it goes any further, leaving John unsure if Sherlock even
“But now?”
“You need to get out there, girl,” Meena had told her, “You know, Tinder is a thing right? There’s thousands of men in the sea.”
“I’m going out,” he said, not meeting John’s eyes, “I’ll be back in the morning and we can take the first train out.”
He brushed a lock of her blonde curls out of her face. She needed a haircut again before the new year.
There was a knock on the doorframe. Sarah poked her head around the corner and the amused look on her face told him that she had overheard the entire conversation. John cringed inwardly. While the two of them had ended things on good terms he realized that his fumbling half lie about his relationship status was probably something she didn’t need to hear.
Mrs. Hudson would be there too, of course, but she would probably head back downstairs by 9. And with the combination of alcohol and the supposed “magic” of the holidays, there was a 87 percent chance that Molly and Greg would leave early to enjoy each others’ company. But then that would leave him alone with John and all the things still left unsaid between them.
“What about you?” Sherlock asked.
As I followed dazedly in his wake I brought my fingers to my mouth, trying to preserve the feeling of Holmes’s lips - surprisingly soft, with a lingering taste of tobacco. His actions, however, had not at all convinced me of the reality of our current situation, for I had indeed pictured such a thing before, though never in such vivid detail. But if this was indeed a dream, I was quite sure that I did not want to wake up.
“For who?” Lestrade asks, “John or Winter? What the hell did you do that for?”
John found himself standing on a bridge. He wasn't planning to jump but it would be so easy, he thought, to simply slip away. To let go. As if reading his thoughts the wind nudged him back with a reproachful chord before drifting into a new composition, one that turned his hopelessness into sound and filled his heart with the feeling of being loved. He let the music lead him down the stairs, off the bridge, into the twisting web of London’s streets.
After several minutes of silence, Sherlock speaks, “John, about the Garridebs-”
7 February 13:21
“Obvious,” Sherlock says, his voice muffled into the sofa.
“You’re one to talk.”
Sherlock took the mug, but it was John’s words and this feeling of belonging that warmed him from the inside out, more than the silly flavoured tea. He knew they were both constantly walking a thin line between the thrill of adventure and making sure Rosie got to enjoy a proper childhood, but in this moment it felt like they would make this work.
“It’s what we do, Sherlock.” John says, “Saving each other, I mean.”
“Sherlock?”
“Technically it’s the galaxy.” Sherlock shrugs. “And it seemed important to you.”
I apologize for my absence but my current inquiries are taking a bit longer than anticipated. Kindly help yourself to this excellent meal. I expect we will have little time to dine once I return.
“Wait,” John said, “So you were there when they found the body?
John spent the ride to the station wondering why he wasn’t more bothered by the fact that yet another date seemed to think he was in love with Sherlock. Was it friendship, or something more that kept their lives so closely intertwined, he wondered as he forked over 50 quid to bail Sherlock out for trying to fly a kite on the underground.
Greg Lestrade's frustration was at boiling point after being asked to go on duty at lunch-time, after a loud complaint to whomever of his colleagues were listening in the staff room that period, he had stomped off to his post to stand and watch over bratty children for an hour, the voice at the back of his head reminding him how much shit he was going to be in for being so behind on marking.
"It's okay," John comforted him, his hand going straight to the back of Sherlock's head. "It's okay. Let's go."
__________________________________________________________________________________
"It's a necessity to access life's basic tools of control to circumvent unnecessary hindrances of human emotion." Sherlock stated matter-of-factly.
"Stephen Spielberg?" John paused for a moment, seeing the clueless look on Sherlock's face, and giggled. "Never-mind. Where are we?"
" John sniffed at the torturous way Mycroft forced the word through his teeth.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows in response and popped off the plastic lid to his drink. John looked around to see a few other students sat at tables in the empty canteen, and decided to pull up a chair and sit opposite him. "So, how was it?"
He pushed back from his chair, rising and stepping away from his desk for the first time in several hours, turning to face Greg with an incredulous look on his face. "Really?"
John dropped down from his seat upon his desk with a sigh, his eyes nervously glancing towards the window by the door. "Can we please discuss this?"
He reached around in his back pocket for his teacher's badge, staring down at the slow ticking of his watch. He looked back over to Greg, who was in discussion with a younger looking woman that John assumed was a new teaching assistant, just the same height as the students with mousy brown hair and sporting a knitted jumper.
Sherlock glared at the tutor over his shoulder, seeing his figure trudging towards him. He turned back to where he was crouched at the edge of the stream, calculating the speed of river flow in his head at-
John's brow furrowed as he turned to Sherlock, releasing his foot down on the brake slowly.
"And you-" Greg turned to the ambulance opposite, spotting Sherlock with his legs dangling, just out of John's viewpoint. "Why weren't you out as soon as the fire alarm sounded?" he cried, gesticulating in frustration.
They hiked through the woodland, Sherlock stopping continuously in fascination at the wild plants growing, scribbling down notes in a small notebook he had tucked into his pocket.
Greg frowned down at his bare feet, his fingers clenching tightly around the device in his hand. "What work?"
"Listen," John sighed, turning his gaze to his lover. "My meeting's been cancelled, so I'm leaving early. I have the whole afternoon free, will you come with me?" John's eyes looked red, his face tired.
He held himself up above Sherlock, rotating his hips in delicious circles, crotch to crotch, the head of his cock jutting out from the confines of his boxers to meet the leaking head of Sherlock's own member. "Sh-Shit, Sherlock.
Mycroft physically sagged in his seat, a deep sigh deflating his chest as he brought a perfectly manicured hand to his forehead. Greg felt a sudden twang of pity for the man. The youth of his features suddenly betrayed his spectacular level of intelligence.
"No it's not," He said from behind his book, a quick glance up to his brother's face confirmed that he was right.
To: Greg Lestrade
"No, no, nothing like that." John sighed. "Things between us are actually going stupidly well considering the situation we're in."
"Anything?" Greg asked, knowing the answer.
He found himself nearing John's classroom, hovering outside by the window, he caught sight of the teacher. But he was not alone.
John smiled, his eyes falling to Sherlock's still lips. "You love it really."
The young teacher makes a high-pitched hum in response, her eyes not leaving the tall darkened figure of Sherlock. Lestrade rolled his eyes, realising that Sherlock and her probably didn't have many years between them at all.
Greg wrenched open the solid door as soon as he heard Mycroft slam down the phone to its holder. "Impertinent woman." he growled under his breath to himself, before he turned to notice Greg in the doorway.
"John, for a remarkable man, you really do have difficulty with understanding when to shut up."
__________________________________________________________________________________
Sherlock watched him as usual, silent and furtive until disturbed by John with a question, or until he thought of a question himself to ask John.
Mycroft glanced upon the teacher's attempt at a comforting smile and looked away again, turning his body to the door.
"I was, but I seem to have lost them again, you know how I am" she chuckled to herself and went about spritzing surfaces with disinfectant, tutting at the cluster of equipment Sherlock had occupied the entire desk with.
"Like an airport" Greg concluded. Mycroft nodded. "I just don't see why John would have gone along with this. Sherlock has some hair-brained ideas sometimes, John knows that, why would he have risked his job by not offering any explanation of the truth? He was clearly just worried about Sherlock, as he usually is, and wanted to make sure he wasn't hurting himself...I don't understand why he would let people accuse him of being something he isn't."
The suited man was silent, and Greg sighed as he realised he may have gone too far. Just as he was about to turn to apologise, Mycroft spoke up, his voice weak, and full of an emotion Greg wasn't used to associating with the man. "All I have ever done has been for him."
. Good things are too often tainted with bad." John sighed.
"You are still in fighting shape, John. Beyond fighting shape." Sherlock argued, evidence of which flashing tauntingly behind his eyes, the memory of John's toned stomach and chest as he exited the shower that same morning.
"I'll see you at school, Dr Watson." Sherlock replied shortly, and John panicked as he passed him through the doorway.
He sat up on the bed, his legs spread, watching John's eyes fall to his exposed throat from his open collar. "A moustache, John?"
"Sherlock, if you miss one more doctor's appointment I will personally send a squad of secret service agents to break into that ridiculous school and set fire to the entirely new refurbished science labs, in the hopes you will accept some of your actual responsibilities instead of spending the entirety of your time in the company of hydrochloric acid and that entirely unimportant retired soldier you have become so enamoured by and have been attempting to hide from me for weeks now. You have been warned."
"C'mere.." John motioned towards himself, not content on Sherlock being sat so far away. The genius lifted himself from his seat, settling in next to John with a familiar ease as if they'd been doing it for decades. "You're so thoughtful." John kissed his temple, consenting when Sherlock tilted his head backwards in search of his lips. The doctor wondered how anyone could have ever seen Sherlock as cold, distant and uncaring, if only they had taken the time to stop and learn and
"Some of us need more than 3 hours sleep to function." he folded his arms across his own bloated stomach.
"I don't need to revise." He stated with confidence, and Mrs Hudson raised her eyebrows, still smoothing out the wrinkles of the revision timetable.
John frowned at the wooden floor, knowing that Sherlock wasn't watching him anyway. He still wasn't thrilled at the reminder of what they had done, and what they possibly faced as a consequence if or when they were found, but he nodded anyway, plastering on a fake smile and taking Sherlock's hand in his.
"Nothing! I'm fine-" he replied overenthusiastically.
"This-" Sherlock's voice woke John from his thoughts, and the doctor noticed him examining a small wooden shape that had been resting on one of John's shelves in the spare room, it was carved to the shape of a rose. "A hand-me-down." Sherlock deduced immediately, and John nodded at him, smiling from his side, his hands in his pockets waiting for Sherlock to continue.
Mycroft simply blinked at the man before him, feeling an absent thrill run through him for reasons undetermined. "I will contact you if I deem it necessary." he nodded, "Good day."
"Don't call it that-" John grimaced, feeling slightly sick.
From: Greg Lestrade
With the sound of an opening of a drawer, Sherlock threw the duvet over his head in frustration, eyes landing on his brother pulling out the chess board from where it was stuffed underneath the dresser.  Sherlock watched him for a moment, calculating, and then brought the blankets with him as he dragged himself over to the table where Mycroft was setting up the pieces.
Right on cue, John burst into spontaneous giggles. "I'm sorry- you just looked like such a confused puppy."
Sherlock paused for a moment, his eyes darkening in a squint, staring intensely into John's. "Yes"
"I think that it's none of your business" John snarled, his mind flashing back to the first time he had seen Mycroft Holmes, the cold demeaning manner he'd had with Sherlock, the condescending tone of his voice.
"Do not take that tone with me," John raised his voice slightly, to which Sherlock had no reaction, and turned his gaze back to the open window.
John was quiet, tracing the leather of his arm-chair. "You shouldn't have to feel that way. I hope you don't expect the worst from me, Sherlock."
"I'm the top of all of my classes-" Sherlock frowned. "I don't see what the problem is."
"But why?"
"We can still have our Wednesdays" Sherlock insisted.
John visibly tensed, his knuckles becoming increasingly white on the steering wheel. "We shouldn't have-"
"Hey-" he started, cautiously moving a hand towards Sherlock's, grasping it tightly when he saw no flinches or protests. "Nothing is your fault, it was me being an idiot, as usual, and not thinking with my brain."
"Scotland?" Lestrade frowned in confusion.
"John," he repeated back to him, and John tried to ignore the fact that he likes the sound of his name coming from Sherlock's mouth.
In an instant he was gone, and Greg was left alone in the small room, feeling his damp shirt stick to his stomach and an itchiness at his collar.
The doctor flexed his wrist, fiddling with the metal clasp of his watch that was trying to strangle his pulse. "No- I mean- uh,"
On the third day, he considers heading into town and immediately dismisses the thought.
"As I have explained previously, particularly in my meeting with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on Thursday morning, my services are unfortunately limited at the moment."
"Please, John-"
"Can't imagine why." John squared his shoulders, reaching into his pocket and feeling the shape of his phone protruding.
John spent the rest of the afternoon in a daze.
________________________________________________________________________________
"You okay, mate?" he vaguely registered Greg's voice bringing his mind into consciousness and shook himself out of a daydream.
Sherlock's mind immediately returned to John Watson. If he was being honest, he really wasn't sure how to respond to Lestrade's question.
"You know what. What's all this malarkey about expectations? Since when have I ever made you feel like I had expectations of you?" John asked softly, the quietest Sherlock had probably ever heard him.
"Of course I'm serious, John."
"Sherlock, I'd rather swap with you than have an accident," he stroked his hand rhythmically along the in-seam of Sherlock's trousers. "It's not a problem, come on."
"Hmm?" John asked in amusement, looking down to Sherlock's sleeping face, which looked very confused, wrinkling in a frown.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Putting it lightly." he sighed, finally finding the confidence to meet John's intense gaze from across their pillows. "It was against my will."
"So," Greg began, looking around, "this is home?"
"Hmm?" John settled back against Sherlock's height, letting his head fall back onto his shoulder, feeling his large hand move to his stomach, hearing his feet shuffle closer. Sherlock pressed the key into his hand.
Sherlock scowled in the oversized uncomfortable leather chair and shifted against the lumpy stuffing of the armrests. Ridiculous.
Sherlock squinted at him suspiciously.
Greg understood the message he was getting.
After parting with Sherlock he had retired to the staff room, found Greg Lestrade sitting in one of the small chairs by the open windows, a box full of folders at his feet. John had nodded towards him and made a bee-line to the coffee machine before returning to the chair opposite Greg.
Sherlock pried John's fists away from his eyes, set aback by the soldier's physical strength which fought against him to remain curled in a ball upon his worn leather sofa. He felt his chest ache unexpectedly at the sight before him, the collar of John's shirt unbuttoned and crumpled underneath his jumper, the shaking of John's hands, his fingers grasping desperately at his own face to hide himself away, his eyes shining with unshed tears, and he was beautiful. He was
"Cerys Farren? The physics teacher?"
"Sherlock," Mycroft reprimands. "I believe we have had this discussion about smoking before. I believe we have also had discussions about your behaviour before. Must you be so tedious to force me to repeat myself every day?" he walks back over to his brother.
Sherlock groaned. "Stop moving." he was face down in his own pillow, his voice muffled.
"So the photographs portrayed the truth, then" Mycroft spoke to himself, frowning.
Sherlock remained seated on the very edge of John's king-sized bed, his hands palms down on the textured cotton duvet that John had bought months ago and never really looked at twice. It startled him to realise that the patterned fabric only became interesting to him when Sherlock's fingers were pulling at it.
This, predictably meant that Sherlock was forced to endure increased amount of human contact with his fellow students, who began to infiltrate his safe haven of chemistry lab 3 which was usually empty save for Sherlock and his experiments.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, remembering the situation they were in. "Yes. I'm sorry. Now can we go!?"
"I know you don't care, but you should." John scolded, heading for the whiteboard spray to clean to board of pen.
"Take me home, I have some people to fire." he said with a grimace, buckling himself in and settling back in the leather seats, wishing they would swallow him whole.
He was met with a delayed response from the man sat at the opposite desk to him, his eyes darting up to the familiar concentrated frown of Mycroft Holmes, who was sat primly despite being in the same position for hours, glaring down at his computer screen. "Just past midnight."
John knew. Sherlock understood. There didn't need to be any words.
"Surely children tried to make friends with
John sighed, "Yes, Sherlock. A school trip. You have to attend, no skipping out, it contributes towards your statistics for the exam." He continued laying the named folders along the bench in places of his students who were in his next class.
Sherlock grunted and pulled away, pushing at John's intrusive hands. "It's not dead, I can save it. It's wing is broken. If you would just get me the resources I need-"
"I fear to ask about your parents-" John joked, breaking the ice. "If they were anything like your brother, I'm not sure I want to know." He teased, watching as Sherlock smiled at the sound of his laughter.
"What have you done?!" Sherlock growled in return, pushing harshly at Mycroft's chest again, until Mycroft retaliated, gripping Sherlock's arm in a sudden twist, putting pressure on his elbow. Sherlock yelped, bringing his knee up to knock Mycroft's arm away.
"It's a secret." Sherlock smiled lopsidedly, and John's heart leaped in his chest.
As soon as the door closed behind Sherlock, John let out a huge breath. His pulse was racing with anticipation and excitement and everything else that John probably shouldn't be feeling.
"Why do you want to know something weird like that?" she said, clearly judging the suited man on the other end of the line.
Sherlock stopped, turning his head back to his teacher. "What would you rather me call you? Sir?"
_________________________________________________________________________________
He watched the man shuck off his suit jacket, revealing the matching waistcoat underneath that was still buttoned fully, the navy tie at his neck looking more like a strangling device. Greg had no idea how he survived in those suits all day, he counted his lucky stars that the dress code for teachers at work was smart-casual.
"Losing it," Mycroft snapped in return "Have you finished being irritating yet?"
"The colour black is a metaphor for your wounded tortured soul and the evolution of decay you face yourself dwelling in. How poetic." Mycroft smirked and moved his bishop.
"Excuse me?" Anderson snorted, turning his entire body around in his chair to face the accusing voice coming from his left.
Greg grimaced with understanding, his hands falling to his knees as he pushed himself away from his recently designated desk and moved over to the window to stretch his sore legs. "I don't know whether to start in on another disc or call a cab." he said, mostly to himself, scratching his forehead in thought and looking towards his abandoned laptop.
Becoming overwhelmed with information and frustrated at himself for not being able to handle it or store it effectively, Sherlock headed out the double doors into the drizzle of rain, to light a cigarette and pretend that today had not happened.
"Where is Doctor Watson?" Sherlock stormed in to Lestrade's classroom.
"I'm not sure if that coming from you reassures me or scares me even more." he laughed, and patted Sherlock's shoulder again regardless, squeezing quickly and then withdrawing, knowing that Sherlock wasn't particularly partial to others touching him. "Congratulations, anyway."
"Wow," Greg said, his eyebrows raising, unable to contemplate what the two young men must have gone through together, especially knowing the nature of their difficult relationship. "Sherlock said it was a crash."
Sherlock's silence followed.
John turned to face him, and then immediately regretted doing so.
" he scoffed. "I don't have friends."
"Walking," Sherlock slid his hands into his pockets and pulled out his new leather gloves, slipping them onto his frozen fingers.
He watched Mrs Hudson limp back over to her trolley out the corner of his eye and produce biscuits from her bag. "As usual then," she supplied, and slid the packet down the bench to him.
Before John had even pulled into a space, Sherlock was opening the door and bounding out, jumping the wooden gate in front of them and landing in the outskirts of a large field of tall grass. "Sherlock!"
Sherlock hummed, smoothing a hand across his stubbly chin in annoyance.
Mycroft clicked both clasps of his briefcase, taking his cane from the umbrella stand and staring down his brother as he moved to the door.
between us, has been far more than the usual platonic and appropriate teacher-student relationship."
"What do you mean?" he hissed. "Sherlock- I can't just up and leave, I need to give at least a week's notice-"
The bell eventually rang for lunchtime, and Sherlock stared Anderson out as he trotted to the front desk and handed John his paper with a flourish. Sherlock began to plan ways to get the paper from John later on, knowing how easily distracted the doctor could become.
"Okay, so I'd like you to pair up, please. It will just make this next task easier. Anyone pisses around with the bunsen burners, you're out. Got it?" Upon hearing the general murmur of agreement, he sent a satisfied nod to the students and returned to the seat behind his desk, hovering but not sitting down.
"What part of don't go past the sign post did you not understand?" He wheezed slightly from the exertion of speed-walking across the grass, and pushed himself further into Sherlock's personal space, intent on seeing what he was crouched over. "I- Sherlock! Put that down! My god-"
Sherlock ignored the small swell of pride that rose in his chest, following the rare praise from his elder brother. "I would suggest somewhere in France, most likely somewhere on the outskirts of Paris, or possibly in Orleans..."
"If my calculations are correct, yes."
He felt John's experienced tongue at the trail of hair leading from his navel to his groin, hidden underneath his boxers. The teacher sucked a mark into Sherlock's hipbone as he worked his boxers and bottoms down his legs until Sherlock could kick them off the bed.
"I don't care about that, I just want to do what I want without idiotic people getting in the way of everything actually
"We have not known each other
"I'm warning you, Sherlock, don't get involved." the elder Holmes lamented.
He snapped straight out of his mind palace to hear the impatient call of his name from the upstairs bathroom, and rushed to John.
Greg barely contained his loud guwaff of laughter, hand covering his face.
Mycroft silently agreed. "So, if you could try your hardest not to eviscerate anybody within the next three days, I would be much obliged." Mycroft squinted in the way that Sherlock knew was his brother's version of a smile.
He lifted his head.
"Did the room they booked into have a double bed?"
John watched Sherlock blink down at his feet, the length of scratchy stubble decorating his jaw, creeping up towards the definition of his cheekbones. Already he felt like they'd changed. Not only on the outside, but the inside too, John knew they were more of a team now than they ever were. He knew he could lean on Sherlock as soon as he felt himself falling, and was desperate to be there to hold Sherlock up when he needed him.
Sherlock merely blinked in response and turned his head towards the window.
John was sitting on the side of the bed in his navy boxers and a white t-shirt staring at his own hands when Sherlock exited the en-suite and turned off the light. He stared at the older man looking back at him with uncertainty, thankful for the calming aura John was clearly attempting to emanate. The bed-side lamp emitted a dimmed glow, bathing John's warm features with a pale yellow tinge, highlighting the softness of his features and contrasting the gunmetal blue of his eyes.
"It's complicated." John sighed, feeling ten years older than he actually was.
John shifted uncomfortably, reminding himself not to say too much. "Oh, uh, just- We'd be a bit of an odd couple, I think."
"Right," Lestrade clapped once, the sound echoing around the room making Sherlock wince.
"Well, I guess I'm chuffed then, since it
Sherlock tried to tame the numerous codes of data whizzing around his brain by recognising them and storing them in a new file created in his mind palace for his new biology teacher Dr John H Watson.
"Thank you, sir, for you prove once again to be completely useless to me. Good day."
He trudged along the corridor of Chemistry classrooms, even made his way down to the Philosophy department and the library before despondently and rather anxiously making his way to the car park. His heart finally sank at the image of his vehicle standing alone without a familiar lanky figure looming around with an air of mystery and barely concealed grace.
Sherlock took the packet without a word and ate for Mrs Hudson's sake, until she smiled with triumph and moved on to clean the sinks.
"John, my- Ohh... Yes," Sherlock's head dropped back onto the pillows as John sucked harder, lips stretching and encouraging more of Sherlock's cock into his mouth. The teacher pushed insistently at his own boxer-briefs, working his cock with his hand, unable to resist the gorgeous sight of Sherlock Holmes in utter ecstasy.
Mycroft moved his queen, "Checkmate"
"You have unrealistic expectations" his student replied matter-of-factly.
"Greg- I'm... I'm going in" he called, already running towards the building, stripping his coat off and throwing it behind him onto the tarmac.
Desperately trying not to dwell too much on the weight he felt at the bottom of his stomach at catching the two of them in such an inappropriate proximity, he raised his voice to summon John.
Sherlock knew it was a low blow, but seeing the panic rising in his brother's otherwise calm demeanour almost made up for it. He felt the weight settle in his feet again, clamped down on the unsettling nerves that he always kept such a tight grip on around his brother, felt himself gaining control.
"The ETA of our destined location is within three hours minus expected traffic, therefore I am suggesting we stop at Edinburgh before it gets dark to eat."
Mike stopped mid-chew, looking over to Molly and then to Greg in surprise.
"I- yes, you're right. Wow- I didn't expect for you to get all that from just a dusty old piece of wood. " John took the carving back, running his fingers in the direction of the grain. "It was my grandfather's, he hand-crafted it for my grandmother when he was away at war. I'd always taken interest in it as a boy, hence, when they both died, it was handed to me. "
"So what do we do?" The exhaustion was evident in the doctor's voice as he turned away from the window finally, hands on his hips, facing Sherlock.
Sherlock squinted at him. "What did you talk about?"
"Need to keep a low profile." Sherlock stated quietly, his hands in his pockets.
_________________________________________________________________________________
"I did offer." John raised his eyebrows, still smiling fondly at him, and traced his fingers along the seam of the sofa arm.
"Because it was scaring the year sevens with you shouting abuse at it," she clucked, shuffling back over to her trolley and retrieving said skull, placing it back into Sherlock's outstretched hands.
"Thank you, I will see to it that Sherlock does not stray from this arrangement." He smiles another false smile and leads Sherlock out of the room without a chance for Mr Frays to respond.
"Sherlock!" He scolded. "What on earth are yo-"
"Oh..." He looked towards Sherlock's clasped hands. "I guess it is." he mused.
"Ah, bloody terrors, they are. Aren't they, Greg?" He reached over to slap Lestrade's shoulder, who was sat loosely within their circle, staring into the distance as he stirred sugar into his tea.
"I believe you would enjoy perusing the sights." the baritone voice came from the small room opposite.
John looked down at Sherlock's leather gloved hands, fiddling with the thick material of John's coat sleeve, which had been returned to him by Greg so he didn't freeze to death.
Lestrade winced sympathetically. "How old was Sherlock?"
"What abou-"
"Look, Greg. I understand your situation, I really do. You and John have always been good mates, it's only natural you'd want to defend him. But surely you can understand how serious this is?"
Sherlock's jaw actually dropped open. "Tell me you're joking"
The woman sighed heavily. "Turner, the log book says."
"Biscuits!" Sherlock interrupted her, running to her trolley that was stationary in the hallway, as John shot the woman an exasperated look to which she clucked amusedly at.
"That's why you're so upset. You can't even entertain the possibility that he might be right, you're afraid that you've been
__________________________________________________________________________________
"Come here," John pleaded with a mixture of affection and fear appearing in his voice. Sherlock stood stock still, his dress shoes scuffing against the floor and his hair blowing persistently in the breeze as he returned cautiously to John.
Sherlock gave him a look in return so bewildered that it was like Greg had just told him the sky was green and the world was ruled by aliens.
John takes a minute to reply, in the process receiving another text from Greg.
"Please follow me." Mycroft gestured with his cane toward a sleek black car glistening in the afternoon sunlight, John noticed a suited man holding open one of the back doors.
what's going on?!" Sherlock shouted, his voice laced with aggression and defensiveness, his hand smacked against the marble of the lab-bench surface.
John clenched his jaw shut, a confident glare settling between his eyes.
I shall be deciding soon how many more chapters I should upload, and then I guess I could do an epilogue if there is demand for it, however I shall leave it up to you lovely people to decide if you want it or not after you have read the ending ;).
Distracted by John's ministrations, he nodded absently.
Sherlock stood without a word, burying his hands in his pockets and heading for the exit.
John smiled politely back, but it didn't meet his eyes. "Sure, same again thanks. Greg?" he looked to his side and blatantly ignored the looks his friend was giving him.
His eyes fluttered closed at the feeling of fire and ice flitting across his skin, Sherlock's fingers felt better than he ever could've imagined, as they traced uncertainly around the curve of his wrist.
He sighed, waving a hand in the direction of the screen and stalking off towards a darker corner of the room, concealed by the shadows of the towers of stacked and blinking computer modems. Greg followed him, noticing the tail end of his suit rounding a corner through a door concealed at the back.
Mycroft grimaced at his brother's silence. "I warned you, Sherlock."
." Greg cursed, waving over one of the marshals frantically. "Have any of you seen Sherlock?" he asked the other students in his tutor, though they stood there with blank looks on their face as if they had never even dared to speak to Sherlock let alone know where he was.
"Our mother was the only one who ever managed to bring him home whenever he went flying off the handle." said Mycroft. "I was never in a high enough position to have the resources to find him... I'm still not."
"Well, why don't you pull a Romeo and Juliet? Didn't they elope or something?" Greg teased, "If that's the situation you're in" he broke off laughing, taking another sip from his mug, not realising the contemplation on John's face.
"Mmm?" John breathed out against the chiselled lines of Sherlock's angled torso, trailing his nose along the line of his pectoral muscle, teasing his lips around a nipple.
"I have." Mycroft responded, settling into the chair opposite and straightening his pocket square.
"Who found him?" Greg wondered aloud.
"So you understand- I...we can't do this anymore, Sherlock" John scratched at his chin, avoiding eye contact.
Sherlock merely watched the muscles of John's back as he faced the mirror, twitching and moving as he shaved. He had a towel tucked around his waist, having just exited the shower, and Sherlock was having a difficult time keeping his eyes away from the rough trail of hair that trailed down from his belly-button to underneath the material.
"Ah come on, the British embrace the crap weather, it's one of our only talents as a nation." John patted Sherlock's thigh where it rested alongside his.
"What?" he asked immediately, as if John were the one in
"Satisfied?" he asked, his arms out either side of him.
"John-" he stared at his feet ,"please come to school tomorrow."
Mycroft turned his entire body round on the swivel chair with a faint look of amusement on his face. "Are you attempting to interfere with my schedule for today, Mr Lestrade?"
John awoke to the soft snores of the young man beside him, who was still shirtless, wild hair ruffled deliciously from sleep. He rubbed sleep away from his eyes, rolling over to throw an arm around his young lover, pulling the pale body closer to his chest.
Sherlock is silent for the next two minutes, embracing the presence of Dr Watson and suspicious of how comfortable he feels around him.
do you imagine he has?" The way the man before him spoke reminded John of the taunting tone of a bully.
The student's answering silence was deafening.
The garish purple curtains seemed to hurt Sherlock's eyes even in the darkness, he frowned and tucked his head under his own arm, burying deeper into his pillow as John watched him.
"Why is that so difficult to accept?"
The teacher turned, facing an elegantly dressed younger man, minus the usual umbrella or cane. His tie-pin glistened in the centre of his attire, light reflecting from the luxurious chandeliers. "Mycroft."
It took a second, but the elder man moved, rolling onto his side next to Sherlock, still trying to catch his breath. "Well. That was intense."
Mycroft smiles mockingly, "South."
__________________________________________________________________________________
And all I that I could see was my,
"Mr Holmes?" a vaguely familiar voice sounded from behind him. He turned to face his newly appointed assistant. She'd only worked for him for about a week prior to his departure, but he found himself not hating her as profusely as he had all his previous assistants.
He filled a cup with black coffee, watching the steaming liquid pour from the nozzle, setting another cup up next to it and filling it with tea. He moved to greet the ladies at the checkouts with a charming smile, grabbing sugar, milk, and spoons and paying with a swipe of his card, carrying both cups over to Sherlock.
"What?" John asked absent-mindedly, distracted by the wrinkles around his eyes which appeared in his reflection.
Sherlock was about to feign ignorance before John gave him a look. "You know what I'm talking about. Both of us pulling a disappearing act in the middle of a school week isn't the best plan you've had, Sherlock."
John heard himself moan, barely registering the sound came from him as Sherlock sucked deliciously at his adam's apple, teasing the rough skin of his throat with his tongue, holding John in place against him with the strength of his two hands. "Sherlock--let's...ohh, my god-"
"Okay." John returned, pausing for a second to press a chaste kiss to the student's lips, his hand bracing his face.
"We're alone." he said, his voice barely above a whisper, and John realised the truth behind his lover's words. They
"Sherlock- you didn't?" He asked with disbelief, taking the jacket from his lover's hands, smoothing his fingertips over the cool leather. He looked up from admiring the surprise gift, and back up to Sherlock's nervous face. "It's gorgeous...thank you."
"Laters" Sherlock states loudly, imitating slang in the hopes it would make Mycroft leave. It did, and he settled nicely back into his book of toxic chemicals.
"No, thank you." Sherlock said from where he stood, his voice another tone deeper, the gravel in his throat reminiscent of the times he would speak straight after a cigarette. John couldn't resist smirking.
John trailed his fingers through the light hair on Sherlock's chest, feeling his heartbeat under his palms was refreshing and grounding, knowing that however hard Sherlock tried to convince himself, he was no robot.
Sherlock kissed him, his tongue pressing against John's lower lip. "Please don't try to"  he smiled, pressing his nose against John's cheek. John smiled, the tip of Sherlock's nose falling against his dimpled cheek, his fingers moving against the smooth material of Sherlock's pressed shirt collar.
"You've been suspended three times already this term. Not really a good start, is it?"
Mycroft looked at him with an expression that said he was trying to figure him out, and then nodded, taking another silent sip.
"People
"You want to talk to me" he said, deep voice just on the edge of silk, completely without emotion and so downright true that John contemplated if he was hallucinating.
"Lunch?" Greg raised his eyebrows.
"Where are you going this time?" Sherlock examined his fingernails, feigning disinterest in Mycroft's conversation. He had just been summoned into his brother's office with a firm and urgent sounding voice, only to find Mycroft hurriedly shoving things into drawers and pulling open his briefcase; piling brimming plastic wallets inside.
have alcoholic tendencies, she also does
John winced, "You don't have to be so formal all the time, 'Dr Watson' makes me feel so old" he laughed, half serious, half joking.
"No-" John swore, his eyes starting to water from the intensity of which they were boring into Sherlock's. "I don't."
"I know you don't like the word no, Sherlock. But if you go against my word then I won't hesitate to-"
The older man put his hands in his pockets, staring tiredly at the glass teacups placed in the corner of the room on a small vintage coffee table until Mycroft spoke again.
__________________________________________________________________________________
"Right. Yes, of course. I, erm, think I know who he means. I'll move some of the girls to the front row." John nodded decisively, wondering if his momentary breakdown was obvious to anyone apart from himself experiencing it.
"Oh..." The young woman replied, her voice shrill. "He really does look much older..."
"John-"
Greg tutted at him, suggesting something about organisation and dawdled off to his office to make a phone call to a parent. Or at least that's what John thought he said he was going to do. If he was entirely honest, he couldn't remember where the hell
_________________________________________________________________________________
"We're leaving." he grinned with a hint of daringness in his expression that John probably would have found terrifying if it were on somebody else's face.
He resisted a shudder at the memory.
John nodded earnestly, his eyes searching for any clues in the tone of his boss' voice.
Sherlock waited until the elder Holmes had left the room before letting his gaze settle on his mother's dead eyes above the desk.
Hearing the news of Mrs Jacobsen's inevitable refusal to teach the 'horrific Sherlock Holmes' any longer, Sherlock celebrated internally and simultaneously deflated, as this meant she was likely to be replaced with an even more unexciting and equally obese excuse for a teacher with their own predictable life troubles to accompany them.
John pressed his palm against Sherlock's chest, as if to emphasise the beating heart in his chest.
"Are we done?" John snapped.
"This farewell conversation isn't going how I'd pictured it." Greg frowned, a sparkle of humour in his eyes that Sherlock was all too familiar with by now.
, Sherlock!" Sherlock rolled his eyes to himself as he heard John's voice getting louder, and turned finally to face him.
Greg grunted in return, the wind sending his fringe flying upwards, the lapels of his coat flapping. "I'm going to kill him if he goes near that forest. I'm not tracking him down, he can sleep here tonight for all I care!"
"I'd estimate- about 25-30 years old, African Mahogany, going by the rich grain and colour, and-" Sherlock moved over to the nearest natural light source, examining the wood closely, "Yes. Definitely, it has a slight shimmer in certain light. Amateur craftsmanship, so- kept for sentimental purposes then. I'd say the carver had 2-3 years experience, but the wood is worn, it has scratches, dents over time- so, it's been kept for a long time, handed about. Here I would normally estimate a man in his late 60s to be the original owner, but infuriatingly, since I don't yet have enough data on male figures of your family, I cannot decisively say who. I would guess, however, that this was originally owned by your father or grandfather, and carved for a woman of interest, both of whom are now deceased, which must be why you now have ownership."
Finally deciding that John clearly wasn't going to appear for their usual Wednesday morning slot, he closed the door behind him and sought Lestrade's classroom, barging in without knocking.
"No, no-" John insisted, his eyes searching for Sherlock's as the younger man began to turn towards the exit. "You should have- don't leave, please."
_________________________________________________________________________________
"Idiot," John muttered softly, voice full of affection, snapping Sherlock out of his daydream to realise Dr Watson was still examining the cut on his thumb. "I can't leave you for one second without you injuring yourself "
John cleared his throat, watery eyes skittering away from the young man's face, looking at anything but Sherlock. "Um, yeah-" He clenched his hands at his sides. "Lestrade's gone to check out, so-"
Lestrade snorted indelicately, a smile filling his face. "Oh, he wishes he had that much power, no, he's not a teacher, that's Sherlock Holmes, one of my students."
Greg blinked back at him.
"Okay- well, here, there's the lodge- We can leave it with them, I'm sure they can help it"
As the results flashed over Sherlock's eyes, he snorted. "A superhero? Really, John? No wonder I didn't recognise it, I don't concern myself with such trivia."
"Five?!" John exclaimed. "I didn't know it was possible to take five A-levels." he frowned.
But all of those details were melting into one, John gained tunnel vision as he sat fixated on Sherlock, struck by the sudden overwhelming amount of warmth that was building in his body, settling into his veins, engulfing his heart with a painful squeeze until there was just a rapid beating left in his chest, and butterflies swarming in his stomach
"Yes" Sherlock supplied without explanation.
To keep himself awake, he deduced what he could of the chubby sweaty boys in the distance, finding three closeted homosexuals, two who owned large family dogs, six with divorced parents, and one with a cross-dressing father. With a raised eyebrow, he zeroed in on their coach, an ironically fat man with neon orange sweat-bands on each wrist.
"Doctor John Watson," Mycroft tested the name on his tongue for a moment, rapidly flicking his eyes over John's approaching frame, deducing the man's emotions from the expressions on his face.
He self-consciously straightened his spine and pushed his shoulders back, walking briskly forward to the much taller man whose intense gaze was now fixed directly on him. John finally caught sight of Sherlock as he rounded the ambulance, exchanging a glance with him and ignoring his rapidly increasing heart-rate.
At first glance, Greg didn't see Sherlock at all, he saw a spotty, chubbier faced teenager, with longer hair, wearing a black t-shirt emblazoned with the lettering '
"No." The word sliced through the pleas, cold and unforgiving, relentless. "I will be returning tonight, ahead of schedule. You better have this mess sorted out before I arrive home, or I can reassure you on behalf of the British government that you will never work again."
"Oh- right, shit, sorry."
Greg made his excuses about speaking to the head and left, whilst John focused on the direction Sherlock was heading, crossing the small field and rounding the corner to the bricked bike sheds away from view.
________________________________________________________________________________
Mycroft nodded, his gaze returning to his computer.
Sherlock suddenly feels claustrophobic.
"Don't make me beg, John" his voice sounded like a whisper, and John felt hands touching his own.
It was at the end of that third lesson, actually, that he'd even spoken to him directly at all.
The doctor wriggled off his boot carefully, feeling a sharp twist in his calf muscle, and noticing the swelling on his ankle. He frowned down at it as if it had personally offended him.
"Good," Sherlock smirked to himself, pulling over the Biology textbook that John is using. "I'm glad."
"Of course. I will offer all assistance possible-"
She chuckled in return, "Oh Sherlock," she sighed. "You're going to have to learn to get along with people one day," she pulled a sheet of blue-tac from her cleaning trolley, pulling a blob off from the corner and pointedly sticking the poster back on the wall.
"Irrelevant" he frowned, adjusting the lens on the microscope.
! Is beyond me"
"This is a nightmare" the teacher's muffled voice returned, his face buried in his hands.
__________________________________________________________________________________
John looked over to Sherlock, "You're hungry?" he asked, surprised.
"John Watson," John held out a hand to shake, "Likewise, I've heard you're assisting in Physics? We might be brushing shoulders, we've got new labs all down the first floor."
Sherlock goes straight upstairs, forcing himself to keep his brain in semi-structured order instead of what was actually happening inside his head.
"Sherlock?" He decided to wake him, "Sherlock, wake up.", with a hesitant shake to his shoulder, Sherlock snapped awake immediately, startled at his surroundings.
"Wrong." Sherlock droned from the other side of the classroom, and John sent him a desperate look begging him not to start an argument with the new kid like he so desperately wanted to.
"I 'see' a lot in you, regarding your previous statement."
"Good," she announced, "We could do without any more fires"
Sherlock traced the lines of stress appearing on John's face with his eyes, the minuscule quiver in his voice that only Sherlock would be able to notice.
John hummed with an air of innocence in return, his eyes returning to the whirlpool he was creating in his tea. Sherlock was thankful for the tablecloth concealing the table's edges as he hooked his ankle around John's, and pulled his foot possessively forward.
Sherlock simply smiled.
"I just...Friends...from work, are texting me. Asking where I am and - Greg has sent me a message defending me against the accusations- and I just-"
Sherlock's brain short-circuited as John stripped his shirt off over his head and moved towards him where he was sprawled across their king-size bed. He was treated once again to the sight of all tanned, golden skin, small scars and freckles, dips of muscle that Sherlock ran his fingers over in the brief second that he could before John was crowding in against him and kissing him over and over.
John gave him a teasing look, taking a bite from one of the biscuits he'd laid out on a plate. "What, you mean you can't just deduce it?"
"But surely that's exactly what he'd want you to think? Sherlock is clever- he's-"
"Do I?" he encouraged.
"You've met him. How many
"Yes, I have already reached that conclusion for myself. All of Sherlock's safehouses are abandoned, there is no CCTV footage to cover his tracks, whereabouts, or movements. Which is also the case with Dr Watson, your esteemed
He paused. "No. I told you, I have a plan." he grinned, pulling up the handbrake.
John let out a sigh of contentment, feeling Sherlock tuck his knees up against him, his body melting into John's instinctively as his face pressed into the warmth of John's collar. "I love you, you know." he said softly, relishing in the fact that he could say it aloud now.
John moved forward instinctively, wanting to unravel Sherlock's automatic self-detachment processes. He held out his hands almost defensively towards the boy, not noticing the open crack of the door.
IMPORTANT:
"That doesn't mean it's your fault." Greg insisted.
John looked up after sending a student that was taller and definitely stronger than he was scurrying away instantly. For the third time, his eyes fell upon the steady gaze of Sherlock Holmes, the heady atmosphere in the air tense and thick, making it difficult to breathe, and John cursed himself for feeling so weak around a student.
"What?" Sherlock sighed into the device.
"You joined the army to follow in your grandfather's footsteps, and perhaps to spite your father. Any semblance of a relationship you might have had with him was arguably destroyed by this action, but you didn't care."
"You don't seem very afraid." His head tilted to the side, questioning.
He looked over to John, who was staring solemnly at his own hands, portraying signs of anxiousness
"Wait! John-" Sherlock grabbed his arm, hauling him back into the secluded bricked corner, not letting go even after John was stood staring straight back at him. "I-"
"Ah, couple of mates of mine came from there. I've heard good things."
"Yes." he replied with a sigh, his eyes sliding closed.
"Any place in particular you'd like to go?" Sherlock asked casually, his eyes flicking to an A-Z map of Britain which was tucked against the side of his wardrobe in the corner of his room. He shifted to the side of the bed, planting his feet on the floor and listened to John's muted yawn in the background.
"Fine," he hissed, muttering under his breath about the unimportance and irrelevance of tutor sessions. He followed Lestrade up to his classroom and slumped into his usual seat opposite his tutor's.
letting go again.
"Closer, John." he gasped, pulling at the doctor's buttocks, edging his jeans and boxers down in the process, until the head of his cock was visible through the grey boxer briefs. The pressure in the room was unbelievable, both men sweating from exertion, pulling their bodies against each other, as John lined up his semi- clothed cock with Sherlock's, rutting hard against the hard and pliant body beneath him, spurred on by Sherlock's tense grip on his arse.
"You took my skull" he pouted at her, staring wistfully at the head resting atop her box of bin-bags.
"I'm fine" Sherlock blinked, still focused on the warmth of John's palm that was seeping through the material of his trousers.
John knew not to question how Sherlock had gotten reservations at one of the most popular restaurants in Edinburgh at peak time, he knew he would only receive a mysterious raised eyebrow in response. If anything, John thought it was incredibly romantic for someone of Sherlock's disposition, and found himself being surprised over and over again by the younger man's spontaneity.
"Oh!" She gasped with surprise as Sherlock dove towards his bag, pulling out a scarf that had been rolled up inside. "I- sorry, erm, Sherlock"
Sherlock sighed. "So much sentimentality. It's nauseating."
"I needed to get to you! I just... I guess I'm not as young as I used to be." the doctor chuckled nervously.
"Yes," He nodded frantically, encouraging John's hands to grip his hips, feeling the heat between their bodies. He pushed a hand experimentally up John's chest, brushing a nipple and earning a surprised little gasp from the older man, who was rapidly hardening in his jeans.
"Jesus, Sherlock" he shook his head. "What were you thinking? There are fire alarms for a reason, you know, what if I hadn't gone in after you? What if someone had managed to stop me?"
Greg was pleasantly surprised to hear the last of Sherlock's sentence, not expecting the expression of gratitude. He went to return the sentiment, but Sherlock had already retreated, the shape of his fitted suit flitting up the main staircase.
"A year 12 student came to my office after-school yesterday. Sebastian Moran. Said he'd also had a similar run in with both parties involved. He'd interrupted a...meeting, of theirs. Said Dr. Watson got angry and threatened him when he claimed that he knew what was going on between him and Mr Holmes."
"My opinions?" John sighed, crossing his legs. "Well, they aren't particularly high ones, I'll say that. He's a known homophobe, for one."
-" John started, looking over to where Sherlock was staring out of the car window on his own side.
"Oh do shut up." Sherlock folded his arms. "You both mistake my disregard for the importance of other human beings as a portrayal of self-love, I just can't stand to be within half a metre of any of those living breathing morons."
"No, I don't think you are a sinister paedophile, John. Seriously? I am eighteen. A thirteen year age-gap is hardly the biggest difference I have heard of in situations such as these." Sherlock insisted without turning his head.
"This is Molly, by the way. Molly, this is John." Lestrade gestured over to the young teacher who appeared to be daydreaming.
Sherlock hummed, his eyes on John's lips, breathing heavy. He watched as John craned his neck forward, nosing at Sherlock's collar, pressing kisses at the flesh of his shoulder. The hand that was holding Sherlock's hair moved to the nape of his neck, his other hand working slowly at the buttons of the fitted dark purple shirt. "This okay?" he asked again, between kisses that were managing to fall on different pieces of skin as the fabric gradually moved away.
"And I don't know what I should do, I don't have the first idea, Sherlock. It's killing me, can't you see that? I don't understand any of it, I'm not even gay-"
"Yeah- hi, Sherlock, give me a second- Just helping Danielle out here." John trailed off distractedly, and turned back to the uniformed pupil who had traces of tear-marks down her streaked make-up face, Sherlock noticed, and was scrawling fast sentences in a refill pad as John pointed to various diagrams in her textbook.
Greg harrumphed, falling back into his chair and folding his arms. "This is ridiculous, you're a grown man! He can't control you, or your guy- you're all adults, I don't understand what all the fuss is about."
"Why should you care?" he repeated again in rapid fire questioning, not budging from the spot his feet were mounted on.
Feeling the coldness of the wall seep through his shirt and onto his back, John realised how trapped he actually was by the cage of Sherlock's arms either side of his head, pinned in place by the determined look in his student's eyes.
"Well, technically it is. If it weren't, your brother wouldn't be so keen on threatening my life."
After a rushed coffee and burnt mouth on John's part, Sherlock eventually hauls the doctor from his comfortable new favourite place upon one of the worn armchairs which sat in the living room.
"We're close, Mycroft." he said, staring hard at him until the genius' eyes met his. "We'll find him."
"You know my methods, John." he grinned unexpectedly. "I am known to be indestructible."
The doctor closed his eyes, "How old was he? Or she?"
They walked back to John's car in silence, neither of them acknowledging what could have potentially just happened.
"So when I was...it reminded you of what exactly?" He asked softly, not wanting to force Sherlock into admitting anything he might have changed his mind about revealing.
"Oh," John said, surprised. "What's with the clothes?" he made his way to where Sherlock stood, his eyes drifting up and down his form.
He lingered in the lobby of the concourse for a moment, some of his brighter students coming over to him to consolidate their answers with him. His eyes were only momentarily distracted by Sherlock's figure appearing in the double-doorway,  he appeared to have his usual air of confidence surrounding him, but John wasn't fooled by his steeled expression, his eyes worriedly traced the shape of Sherlock's hooded and blood-shot eyes, and lingered on the slouch of his shoulders which usually stood ram-rod straight and broad.
"How did you even-" John began as Sherlock turned back to him in silence.
PLEASE REVIEW and let me know what you want to see the escapee couple get up to away from the supervision of London!
"This is your class then?" Molly continued, happily jabbering on to herself, staring out the window at the passing traffic. "I have to say, some of them look so much older than eighteen. That one- Sherlock, was it? Strange name. Greg told me about him, I could hardly believe he wasn't a teacher when he told me, he looks-"
Overwhelmed by the permission to touch each other which they had been deprived of for so long, the pressure of touch felt like some sort of sacred addiction between the two men, caught up in a moment of passion.
To: Greg Lestrade
"Same problem, we'd never get past the border." John replied, amused at how their conversation had progressed into jokes about eloping from London. He felt as though he were one half of a Shakespearean lovers pair, desperately arranging plans to flee the court from a restrictive Duke Mycroft. He laughed aloud at his own thoughts.
Sherlock gave him a look.
Greg raised his brows. "Oh," he stared at the beer taps for a moment. "I'm sure they don't
John was in a world of his own, sat back in the comfiest chair of the staff room, nursing a fresh cup of tea loosely in his grasp, looking so out of it that Greg was worried he was about to spill it all over his light grey trousers.
_________________________________________________________________________________
to his list of possibilities.
The pressure pulsed against his skull as a rapid-fire stampede of information and stimuli raced around the forefront of his mind, and Sherlock felt the heavy weight of his eyelids even more now, his body craving the sleep that bought it all to a halt, if only for a couple of hours.
"No. Probably not, but we did." Sherlock stated curtly. "Mycroft is Mycroft. He won't do anything, he knows that if he did I would run again-" Sherlock babbled before he can stop himself.
Kevin Lynch hummed in answer, fixing John with a look that said he would be seeking him out later, and turned to leave.
"Then what? John-"
He watched as emotion flickered across Lestrade's face and then sat entertaining the weaknesses of sentiment.
He looked into John's eyes with a question, to which John nodded in reply, his hands now safely in his jean pockets.
John looked up to the clock, only having just gotten into school himself, an hour before school even began. "Are you just letting yourself in now?" He challenged, sinking back into his chair and wincing at the twinge of pain coming from his leg.
"Oh hey John, how's it going mate? How's your new biology class going?"
Sherlock didn't even blink, "Password?"
"Naturally." Sherlock replied, his eyes tracing the movements of a lone boy with dark hair crossing the space in front of them and trailing dejectedly to the library.
Sherlock eyed the window next to the door, knowing there was barely a miniscule chance anyone was still around so late after school.
"You know what, I don't even know how to react to him anymore." Greg ran a hand over his face, as John stayed quiet to the side of him.
"Where are they?" Mycroft leant forward, his gaze threatening and almost predatory, his voice sharp. Greg's eyes were drawn to the broadness of his shoulders, the shifting of muscle underneath the fabric. The man was incredibly lean, but Greg had noticed a slightly beefier body shape to the last time he'd saw the Holmes brother. Maybe he'd got a slimmer fitting suit?
He flexed his hands at his sides, heading straight over to Greg. "Alright?" he called.
"I haven't started it" Sherlock admitted, knowing it would infuriate his tutor to no end after he had asked Sherlock at least 20 times to at least begin writing it.
"I don't care what people think-" Sherlock replied, his voice turning harder with the childish petulance John had come to recognise as the young man's sense of pride and stubbornness.
John was leaning over with hooded eyes and soft lips before he even realised himself. He managed to get the start of a snog in before Sherlock was pulling away quite quickly, looking away from him and out the window.
The smoothness of Mycroft's familiar voice seeped into Greg's skin, ran through his veins like the sharp tingle of alcohol in the bloodstream. "Mycroft." he said.
Sherlock found himself anticipating Wednesday more than ever.
"You wouldn't want the chaos that exists without them" the doctor drawled.
"My hip? Oh- it's fine, dear. "
Time passed by quicker than they had expected, the minutes of the hours of the days ticked by, without so much as a pestering neighbour interrupting their safe haven, tucked away into the corner of a rural forest, hundreds of miles away from the loudness and business of London. London, where everything seemed more stressful, more constricted, more lawful.
"However, I think we both know that's not true."
That is until John intervened- again. ("Sherlock, out of all of us here, who is a qualified vet? Not you. So get moving, leave it to the professionals.")
Greg nodded, munching on a biscuit he'd just dipped in his tea.
"What's so funny?"
"Of course you don't" John smiled to himself.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "No. Mycroft would still be keen on doing that regardless."
__________________________________________________________________________________
With a quick glance to the painting above his desk, and another to the papers of urgent importance he knew were sitting neglected in the drawers of that desk, he shook his head in annoyance. A final hefty sigh left his lungs before he grabbed his umbrella and headed for the door.
"Everything. But mostly me."
Sherlock could feel the stress radiating off of him in waves, his face buried in his hands, the twitch of his bad leg every so often, the laboured breathing. "John" he repeated, and moved around the bench towards him.
"You missed your appointment with the doctor, where were you?"
"It seems that love makes man do strange things indeed." Sherlock uttered against John's damp lips, not realising what he was saying until he felt the older man freeze against him.
Lestrade had moved to the crowds, reading lists out of which students were to mount which coach, John's eyes were inevitably drawn to the isolated figure moving the gravel around on the floor with the toe of his dress shoe.
"I specifically said not to go past that sign post!" Greg huffed, marching off towards the suited figure.
"Just because whites make the first move does not guarantee eventual success" Sherlock moved his knight forward in defiance.
"Oh- yes, of course. Thanks, mate, I appreciate it." John nodded to him, having masked most of his crippling anxiety by now. "I'll, erm, catch you later, then?"
For the first time that week, John felt the hollowness in his chest drain away as he watched Sherlock move fluidly around his home as if he were the world's most talented ballet dancer. And for the third time since Sherlock had entered his home, he found himself wondering how anyone could possibly end up so unfairly attractive.
The younger man narrowed his eyes at him, "Someone had to chop the firewood."
"I'm not a psychopath, Moran, I'm a highly functioning sociopath- do your research." Sherlock's voice suddenly sounded from the doorway, hard and deep and vicious, his frame suddenly looking much larger and more intimidating than usual as he closed the door behind him.
Sherlock hummed. "You must realise it is difficult to hide many things from me."
"Too childish for you. I understand." Sherlock scowled, slinking his coat on in a swift movement, shaking out his collar.
"Because I don't want to have to fly home on an emergency jet because you cannot control yourself for more than two days without being reprimanded for something or other."
He sighed, his eyes like muted sapphire shot through with amber-gold and whitish grey undertones moved to Sherlock's face, lingered and then closed. Sherlock reached out and felt for John's elevated pulse in his thick wrist.
__________________________________________________________________________________
"I don't know," John sighs, looking over to where Sherlock was staring out across the field solemnly.
"Unwise, brother mine."
"What do I know?"
"You are welcome." A small smile appeared as the tenseness drained ever so slightly from his posture, nerves melting away. "Now you can stop calling yourself ancient, I will not hear any more incorrect assumptions."
"Oh, I only started here a couple of days ago. I haven't really seen much of anyone yet, I only know Cerys, I've been assisting in her class."
"The reason you're here, is because I was hoping to take you up on the offer of your help into the investigation regarding the location of my brother and Doctor Watson. You're the only one who knew them both well. I feel your...insight, will be useful to us." Mycroft said quickly, his eyes on the ground.
All John knew was that Sherlock was a locked door, an occasional peek through the keyhole allowed some of his brilliance to shine through, but not knowing whatever was on the other side of that door made it difficult to know if Sherlock was ever being himself, ever being truthful. He shut out John's attempt at questioning him, about himself, about his work or anything that he deemed unimportant.
"Sure, Sherlock?" John prompted, sending the boy on the front row a look when he looked up with heavy eyes looking as though he was about to fall asleep then and there. He heaved himself up with a loud and purposeful sigh, weaving around the lab bench and following the overweight man outside.
"Oh!" a high pitched female voice exclaimed as the two men sprung apart, "Sherlock, dear, is that you?"
John himself had his eye on a vintage globe, brushed with a coppery-golden stand, which shone under the natural day-light from the window. He stroked a finger gently over the cracked deep blue tinge of the Indian ocean, his eyes glancing quickly at Afghanistan and skimming over the surge of anxiety which rose in his chest at seeing the name written down after such a long time.
"Hi" John squeaked, blinking and clearing his throat, trying to drag his eyes away from the tightness of the crotch area of his dress-trousers. Sherlock's lips thinned for a moment, his hand tightening on the strap of his brown and battered leather satchel which was slung high over his shoulder. "You decided to show up then?"
"Thank you," he nodded. "I'll see you around, Lestrade. I appreciate all of your hard work."
Suddenly a shorter man appeared at his side, glasses slightly askew, hair messy and arms full of clipboards. "Yes, sir. We have some more character profiles from latest utilised passports matching your brother's description. I have organised them into piles of relevance and statistical likeliness to be valid."
Considering throwing a shoe at the face of one of his assistants in the hopes it would make him feel slightly better, instead Mycroft ran a hand over his face and sighed. "Fine, call a car around for me." he said with a dismissive hand-wave and heard footsteps hasten away on the stained wooden floors.
He stared incredulously at the small screen, dropping it back onto the table, cursing himself for being so ridiculous.
Greg bit his tongue, feeling tired again. He knew the bags under his eyes were prominent and grey.
"There's no need to summon a taxi, I have a car." he said, closing the lid of his laptop and motioning towards the door.
The silhouette flickered manically against the walls of the weakly lit hallway, hands quickly and mechanically cracking at the lock of the door, tools wedged solidly against the pegs inside. A final click sounded and the man pressed hurriedly down on the stiff handle, forcing himself through the door and reaching for the night goggles hooked to his bullet-proof vest.
He found himself wondering as his heart began to race wildly at the thought of the young man. Sherlock was enigmatic, secretly (and perhaps surprisingly, considering his outward demeanour) benign and gentle, and above all else in the eyes of John Hamish Watson, he was staggeringly beautiful.
"The ravioli, please." Mycroft said, after a while, only when the waitress appeared at their side, confused at the pair's obviously awkward silence. She nodded to him, jotting down the order before turning to Greg. "And yourself?"
, and pulled himself up to fetch a couple of glasses.
He heard the sound of running water, followed by the zip of John's toiletry bag; and the doctor appeared in the doorway.
They passed alongside a vast stretch of bluebells, realising how many butterflies were attracted to them, as pairs of them danced around each other and weaved in and out of the flowers. John was struck by how at home he felt in a place he had never visited before. He felt the mix of ground, gravel and wood crunch under his boots as he followed along contentedly after Sherlock; deciding that he'd be content to do so for the rest of his life.
John's brain short-circuited, his hands feeling numb, the air barely hitting his exposed chest, his breath laboured and hot against the wet stretched skin covering Sherlock's jutting adam's apple. He blinked, shaking his head for a moment at Sherlock's surprising and quiet gasps. "Shit, I- Sherlock- we shouldn't."
"-Jheez, there's a hell of a queue in there." Greg's voice filtered back to John's senses.
"When are you going to tell me the thing you have so desperately trying to hide these past weeks?" Mycroft waves his hand nonchalantly.
"I'd rather not injure myself today, thank you." Sherlock smirked up at him, his face looking so different from the one John was first acquainted with.
"Well-" Mycroft broke off, checking his pocket watch. "I would make some sort of threat, but I'm sure your situation is quite clear to you, goodbye Doctor Watson. See you
"I'm sorry, I'm not..." Sherlock frowned to himself "Better at this."
"And now I do." Sherlock supplied, twisting his hands together, his expression blank.
John approached from behind, settling his elbows on the window ledge next to Sherlock, their arms brushing the slightest fraction. "I have to lock up, are you coming?"
John kissed him, slowing his movements immediately. "We should slow down..." he said against Sherlock's lips. "We have lots of time for that." he hinted with a final squeeze to Sherlock's hips.
__________________________________________________________________________________
"I didn't expect you today." The back of Mycroft's head didn't move, focused solely on his computer screen, flipping between word documents and websites, and back onto small squares of CCTV footage.
Greg's eyes fell upon an umbrella stand in the corner, where quite an arrangement of fancy looking canes and elaborately decorated umbrellas stood proudly, waiting for Mycroft to commandeer. He picked one up at once, offering it out to the seated man.
In all honesty, Greg couldn't say why he was so devoted to helping Mycroft Holmes. Overall he was a strange, antisocial, occasionally rude, but scarily sharp man; and Greg had never thought those personality traits had equalled a perfect equation. But there was something about him.
The force of Stamford's clap shook Greg's arm, almost spilling the hot liquid all into his lap, he steadied it, shooting a small glare to Mike's shoes, and then plastered on his usual fake smile. "Hmm? Yeah. Nightmare."
John tugged at Sherlock's hip, encouraging him onto his lap, shuffling sideways so he could slot his knees either side of John's legs. He barely had time to catch his breath before Sherlock was grabbing handfuls of his shirt, feeling safe in the cocoon of John's hands and arms around his body.
"Sherlock, I'm teaching-" Lestrade stood, mid gesture at the front of a class full of uniformed pupils looking half asleep, Sherlock immediately deduced they were year nines.
"Yeah?" he breathed, moving until he was no longer chest height with Sherlock but face to face, seizing him with a fierce and controlling kiss, his tongue pressing insistently against Sherlock's. He placed his hands either side of Sherlock's head, swinging a leg over so he was positioned in the younger man's lap.
"Then what's the problem?" Greg frowned, noticing a gaggle of teachers filing into the staff room through the door to John's right.
"Look-" Greg sighed, falling back into his chair. "I know you're here about Sherlock, and while it's understandable for you to be questioning any other members of staff who were remotely
"Oh?" he squeaked.
When Sherlock returns home later on with singed eyebrows and fingertip holes burnt through his leather gloves, Mycroft simply raises an eyebrow and returns to his phone call with the prime-minister.
Sherlock immerses himself in Dr John Watson from the second he leaves the classroom, fingers typing relentlessly on his mobile phone trying to find anything and everything on this man.
define."
Feel free to leave any comments with your thoughts and feelings about this new chapter (as long as they're good ones!) I love getting all of your feedback.
"Ah, unrequited love-" Mycroft spoke again, settling into his desk chair and sorting his papers into a pile.
This is when Sherlock appears again, smelling of smoke and staring at Mycroft expectantly.
"John!"
"Yes, I'm here." he felt the weak pulse at his lover's neck. "God, Sherlock, you scared me half to death."
"Oh- I'm sorry, should I not have sai-" Molly panicked.
"Who?" His eyebrows drew together in confusion.
Before they realise how long they had stood in comfortable silence, a quick glance to the left provided the view of an expressionless Mycroft, stood aside with his arm settled on the open door of a sleek black Mercedes with an unspoken demand that Sherlock say his goodbyes and follow him home.
For a reason he couldn't fathom, John barely held himself back from marching straight back over to Sherlock, but instead clambered into his car and turned on the windscreen wipers.
"Fine by me" Sherlock drawled without looking up, his long fingers tracing over the letters of a bolded paragraph in the textbook.
"Greg?" Another voice interrupted, another teacher exiting the school with her arms full of folders. "Aren't you supposed to be teaching now?" she questions.
He turned to find his colleague, noticing he and Sherlock still stood in the same area, only turned towards each other, seemingly talking intensely about something. Considering calling John over, he raised his hand, only to stop mid-way.
Sherlock's brow furrowed for a second, realising that he had dropped his cigarette to the ground a while ago, and his free hand he had been holding it with had the slightest tremor, to which perplexed him to no end. "John-"
"It is," he smiled, releasing some of his previous tension in the process. He felt secure under John's grip, grounded. "I used to come here as a child, my father's family is Scottish."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him. "You've just been dumped by your adulterous long-term girlfriend."
"Sherlock- I'm being serious here."
"It's not you- really- it's..." John watched as the young man looked at the ground with what could only be described as a look of deep shame. "It's me."
Just as Sherlock pressed his forehead to John's, a loud ringing filled the room, breaking the two men apart.
"Nevertheless,  you need to be more respectful."
"Turn left here and try and find a parking spot."
"John!" he heard a nearby voice, and turned to register Greg running towards the vehicle. "Are you okay? You fucking idiot- why did you do that for?" he went to punch John in the shoulder and hesitated halfway from the fragile looking state of his face. Dark circles surrounded his bloodshot eyes, the hint of soot dusting his wrinkled clothes and his face, Greg stared at him with pity whilst John wrestled with his uncomfortably tight top shirt button.
"Sort out your shirt" the man ordered in an uninterested tone, wiping at the material loosely hanging from Sherlock's shoulders, and John restrained the urge to pounce forward, wondering who the hell this man was. When studying his features closely, the gingery-brunette hair and sharp blue eyes held certain similarities to Sherlock, but this man looked entirely too young to be his father, or his uncle, and besides, Sherlock had told John that his parents were deceased.
"You idiot." Sherlock sighed, "I told you you'd hurt yourself."
Molly nodded sincerely, her eyes glancing back to Mike who had started in on his second doughnut. "Any word from John, at all?"
"Ah, Mr Holmes, thank you so much for coming in on such short notice" the plump greying man with the name of Mr Frays announces, and Sherlock entertains himself with the deduction of how
"Which is why...why I couldn't face coming in today-I..I don't want this, Sherlock"
__________________________________________________________________________________
Slowly bringing himself back into consciousness, Sherlock blinked sleepily against John's skin, his long eyelashes feeling ticklish. He pressed his ear against John's chest, content to hear and feel the continuous thudding against his flesh, enabling himself to do what he'd been wanting to for so long, what they'd been holding back from.
"I usually stay later than this," Sherlock started. "But Mycroft has insisted I come home for 5:30 at the latest today."
"Right, okay," John nodded somewhat over-enthusiastically. "I take it that it wasn't...a good experience?"
Sherlock closed his eyes as they came to a stop, knowing the predictable questions that were coming, the ones everybody asked.
"You need to attend catch-up sessions" John insisted, as soon as Sherlock entered the room.
The morning came unrealistically quickly, so soon that when John opened his eyes he felt as though he'd only fallen asleep with Sherlock 30 minutes ago. Looking down to his own body above the covers, across from Sherlock's, jogged his memory, and he immediately sought the embrace of his partner. As reassurance if anything else. Reassurance that Sherlock was okay. Or would be for now, at least, until they could get away from everything that was happening to them.
Sherlock squinted at him, that look that made John feel instantly panicked, as if his mind were being read by the genius that very second.
It showed Sherlock and himself, stood extremely close together, but not touching. John's hand cupped the back of Sherlock's neck, and Sherlock's head was tilted downwards, his forehead almost touching John's, the smallest private little smile on his lips.
"Why?" he demanded. "You don't know me."
"Interesting," he said after a while, and John lifted his head with a questioning expression. "You are nervous."
Mycroft raised his eyebrows at the man, his hand twitching as he cleared the closest desk and gestured for the clerk to place the clipboards down on the surface.
Mycroft Holmes was silent in his demeanour as he seated himself once again, the carefully constructed mask that Greg recognised greatly from Sherlock was intact, not a hair out of place.
__________________________________________________________________________________
Sherlock sighed, folding his arms. "For goodness sakes, John. I-"
"Mycroft, have you had one wink of sleep in the last 48 hours?" Greg stood with his arms folded in the doorway of Mycroft Holmes' study, watching the tired man pulling together piles of paper and sliding them into files. They'd began that morning with interviewing useless 'witnesses' who had claimed to see the escaped pair in a variety of places all over the UK. Mycroft had deemed all sources useless after the final candidate, and retired to his study leaving Greg with the rest of the crew.
"Yes. Well. That goes without saying, now, doesn't it?" he saw the corner of Mycroft's mouth pulling up briefly in what looked like a smile, before it disappeared again, and he was gesturing for Greg to hurry up.
John nodded dizzily, desperately looking anywhere but directly into Sherlock's pale eyes, in literal fear of falling into them.
"You know that this- this
"I can tell because somebody else has come forward and offered a statement." The chubby man sat himself down in the sagged chair behind his desk and folded his hands atop his beer-belly.
He turned finally, facing John who was sat on the edge of his bed, his hands clasped, staring at his socked feet. Sherlock came to stand before him.
Greg sat speechless, shocked at Mycroft's sudden revelation. He stared at the suited man, who was staring hard at the floor.
"Don't tell me this is some Romeo and Juliet shit where your families are sworn enemies and you are doomed to an existence without one another?"
"I trust you." he said, almost hesitantly, as if it put him under great discomfort to expose his mind and his feelings to another person. John supposed that it probably did, knowing how reclusive Sherlock usually was.
"How often did you visit Scotland as a child?" John asked, as Sherlock returned to his side from inspecting an odd-looking plant.
"With the implication of bodily harm, I think." John chuckled.
Sherlock had also deduced that Dr Watson had only recently recovered slightly from a psychosomatic limp, associated with his injury in Afghanistan.
John paused and turned to look at him. "How did you kn-- never mind."
"Me?" John felt panic and adrenaline rising in his chest but remained fearless in the face of Sherlock's intimidating elder brother.
_________________________________________________________________________________
He sat in the uncomfortable chair opposite, leaning forward on his elbows and running a hand through his hair as the head-teacher began to speak.
"I'll take that as a complement then," Greg grinned suddenly, gesturing to the lack of space between them with a nod of his head, his arms crossed over his chest.
Something close to a blush coloured Sherlock's cheeks for a moment. Confused at the reaction, he immediately tried to control it, which of course made him blush even harder. John smiled so hard at this he felt as though his face was about to split in two and okay, maybe this is a bit creepy, he should probably stop but, God, he's
"They're hardly allegations, are they? It's pretty obvious there's something going on-"
"Until we arrive?" he asked, feeling an electric energy buzzing from John's skin, the rolled up sleeves of his jumper had exposed his toned forearms, which were covered in goose-bumps. "A couple more hours, yet."
for him to remove Anderson from the class so he wouldn't have to put up with the stupidity of the boy.
"Oh- Hello! Molly Hooper, lovely to meet you, I'm here on placement."
Sherlock had originally been awestruck by him, entranced. Immediately deducing James' age, he often found himself laying awake each night at the resort, staring at the ceiling and recounting James' gradual advancing actions towards him, recalling his elevated breathing rate and dilated pupils. Sherlock remained indifferent, himself.
"Do you want a drink? I'm going to get some water." John suggested after a moment, leaning over to press a chaste kiss to Sherlock's still lips. He hummed against the kiss, which John thought meant
"Nothing," he giggled, which quickly dissolved into another yawn. "God, I'm bloody knackered."
"No," Mycroft lied. "I am unaware."
"Come again?" She looked confused.
They trudged slowly through the uneven ground of the forest, comforted by the silence only penetrated by the persistent rainfall.  Sherlock was pleased to see that there still wasn't a soul in sight, whilst he was accustomed to the beating heart of London, he found that he appreciated the loneliness of the countryside much more when he had someone to share it with.
Which is why Greg was more than a little surprised to find an over-emotional Sherlock sitting curled up on his usual chair in their next tutor meeting, tears threatening to fall.
"I'm going. Do try not to have a heart attack, we both know how high your blood pressure is from all of those fatty acids you've been consuming. Putting on weight again are we?" Sherlock grinned to himself as he climbed the small staircase to Mycroft's office on the top floor, sliding his hand along the mahogany hand rest.
"Seeing that he's Sherlock's brother, he probably was" Greg frowned, not taking his eyes from the tall man with the black umbrella despite the clear skies. "Oh here's your coat, by the way."
"You love my hair." he said suddenly, as if discovering a new deduction.
"Sherlock, please-" he shook his head.
"I can help you with your Biology studies, Sebastian, but anything more than that would be inappropriate." John said firmly from his corner, folding his arms across his chest, which only allowed Sebastian to appreciate the delicious stretch of muscle in John's biceps and chest.
John paused. "Yes, briefly. Why?"
"John-" Sherlock interrupted, sending him a firm look saying
Greg felt sick to his stomach. He didn't know Sebastian, but he'd heard of the sly little rat. Skinny little thing in the lower sixth, clearly a trust fund baby chucked into public school by stuck up parents who didn't care for a trouble-making homosexual son tarnishing their reputation. Or at least that's what he'd been told by Stamford when he'd first asked about him.
"Fine."
"Progress?" Greg struggled to keep up with those long legs.
He greeted her in silence as she handed him a travel-cup of tea and gestured for him to follow her to the car parked on the tarmac. "As usual, passport control will not be necessary. Would you like to go to Downing Street first? Or would you prefer to return home before your meeting?"
Sherlock turned his head back to John with a stagnant look on his face, before taking in John's dumbfounded expression.
Sherlock hummed, raising an eyebrow that went unseen by his lover.
"I don't remember" he frowned, straightening out his shirt.
John sighed into the kiss. "Mmm-" Relishing in the privacy of the room, he allowed his hands to wander across Sherlock's distinctive face, his thumbs falling victim to the sharp curve of cheekbones underneath the sensitive temple of Sherlock's skull. He marvelled at the fact that he had a sanctuary between his hands, a supernova.
Surprised to see anybody that wasn't a teacher around at this time after-school at all, John startled slightly when he recognised the alabaster skin and dripping wet dark curls, head angled away and exhaling a cloud of smoke.
Sherlock only glared and avoided Mycroft's threat, moving his knight forward again.
"You taste like strawberries." Sherlock pulled back with a curious voice, his eyes tracing the reddened outline of John's lips, his hands still gripping at the collar of his tucked in shirt.
"Ridiculous, John." he stropped, immediately reaching for the doctor's arm, which had moved from its place around Sherlock's waist, and pulled it back to its original position. John tried to conceal his shock, but went along with the younger man's continued pulling until they were fully facing each other, hugged into each-other as if they were outside in the snow in the dead of winter.
Mycroft cleared his throat, going for one of his cufflinks and popping it out, "Would you care for a nightcap?" he questioned the ex-inspector, rolling the first sleeve to his elbow, probably the most casually dressed Greg had ever seen him as he tugged at the knot of his tie.
The drive was cut short by Mycroft leaning forward to the dividing glass and knocking sharply once on the window, to which the driver stopped immediately, pulling onto the pavement.
Sherlock jolted all of a sudden, "So the solution is simple- I drop biology."
at hearing the passing notes of a violin.
"You are an
"Why are you in school this late?" John asked, looking over to Sherlock who has his head hanging down, black curls falling forward from his pale forehead.
"We're going to get caught straight away, aren't we?" John winced, looking over to Sherlock from the side.
He sat down on the sodden wood that was damp with rain from the mid- May showers, noticing a flock of red in the form of the year eight rugby team running across the pitch towards the curved fence, dropping down water bottles of various sizes and colours and jogging on the spot in their black shorts in order to keep warm.
Sherlock remained quiet for a moment, watching her tucking the wire of the hoover up and away, and hooking it onto a compartment of her trolley which stood obediently to the side.
Sherlock wonders if John sees himself as wounded, wondered if he sees Sherlock that way too. He wonders how much Lestrade has told him about the drugs, the suspensions, the (minor, in his opinion) crimes.
Another teacher jogged past wearing the reflective vest fire marshals were to wear and Greg snagged him to ask for any information he knew, "They're saying it's on the second floor, by the chemistry department" the man shrugged, rushing off towards the other vested teachers.
"But you told me so." Sherlock finished his sentence for him, and John picked up on a mutter of 'predictable' under his breath.
"Excuse me, Dr Watson? Could I speak to Sherlock Holmes, please?" the head-teacher entered with a paler face than usual, and John felt himself go slightly pale at the thought of what Sherlock possibly could have done now and how many times they would allow his misbehaviour before he was expelled for it.
"Just because you deem something to be true, doesn't mean it is, Sherlock" Greg argued.
Greg paused, lowering his head after his outburst to the older Holmes brother. He stared at Mycroft's unmoving hands, noticing how elegant and soft they appeared, definitely not scarred and calloused, like the workman's hands Greg had.
Sherlock's eyes snapped to his teacher behind him, his attention focused on Sherlock now, having abandoned the faulty storage. With John determined not to look away, and Sherlock determined to deduce everything about John in that particular moment, the atmosphere was electric.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock scowled. "What is the point of laws? They make everything so pointless." He eyed John's fingers.
But he didn't have the same brightness in his eyes as Sherlock did, nor the excitement, the thoughtfulness of his features, the faintest of freckles smattered across his nose and cheeks, or the sharp yet soft curve of Sherlock's upper bowed lip. And sure, Matthew could fill a suit well, but it was nothing compared to how John had felt the first time he saw Sherlock approaching in a tailored shirt and jacket, with those icy blue eyes seeming darker against the contrast of material colour.
Greg recognised the voice as an exhausted Mycroft Holmes, and wondered whether to enter the office uninvited to make his presence known, or to risk being caught eavesdropping on a seemingly important conversation which he probably shouldn't be listening to.
Greg's mouth went dry. "I- No. I didn't- how did you-"
Struggling to see his partner in such distress, John winced visibly, not wanting Sherlock to continue from the clear discomfort it was causing him, but simultaneously not wanting to interrupt. He made a quick decision whilst Sherlock sat looking slightly green and deep in thought. "Come on, let's lay down. "
Sherlock folded the corner of his page, shutting the book and placing it on his lap as he dug through his mind for the memory. "I was frustrated...on paper you seemed so ordinary, boring, even."
Sherlock slid underneath Dr Watson's arm that held the door open and was immediately hit with bitter cold winter air. "Of course I do"
"Sherlock, what-"
Sherlock crowded John in under the porch as soon as they reached it, allowing himself to bare the weather whilst John stayed dry, fumbling for the key in his pockets.
"You do realise I was joking about the kilt, right?" John folded his arms, staring at his lover incredulously.
"Close enough" John laughed to himself. "His brother has already threatened me, and nothing's even happened between us yet."
John shook his head. "How can this be wrong?"
"I had." Mycroft tilted his head. "I was hoping you would have stopped trying by now." he sighed, scrunching up a clean napkin in front of him on the table.
"Thank you." John smiled, feeling overwhelmed with emotion all of a sudden. "For everything. Somehow you knew exactly what I needed, even when I didn't."
He never screamed, he thrashed, scratched, shoved, and bit as hard as he could. Nothing seemed to deter the figure of heavy black eyes and gelled hair. James' glowing white teeth held the familiar cunning grin of a wolf sizing up its prey, and his hands wandered. They never stopped. Sherlock grew tired.
the best way...to get away from here. From everyone, just us." John mused momentarily.
He hesitated. "Seventeen."
Sherlock smiled fondly at the sleepy state of the man opposite him. "We should stop for the night, we're both tired."
"Okay," John smiled, kissing him on the cheek, which prickled against his lips. "Ouch- that's a sensation I'm not used to with you." he laughed, placing the towel over his shoulders and reaching for the length of hair on Sherlock's face.
________________________________________________________________________________
"And you were so adamant on playing black why? Let me guess-"
"Oh no, please, go ahead. I'd like to see you try-" Sherlock threatened, gesticulating towards them.
"I'll tell you someday." Sherlock lay down flat on the bed, rolling his eyes upwards to see John, who was propped up against his pillows.
"You're always brilliant." John smiled as Sherlock's arm went limp against him, his head falling to the side slightly, into John's shoulder. "My brilliant, beautiful, Sherlock Holmes."
"Are you finished?" he looked back at John and asked impatiently, fingers curled tightly around the steering wheel.
Sherlock calculated the angle of John's stubby nose from this close up, measured the likelihood that the scar high on his left cheekbone had been caused by stray shrapnel whizzing through Afghanistan-warzone air. Feels the calluses of John's fingertips against the gooseflesh of his bare neck, wonders if John resents the tremble in his left forefinger from the damaged nerve he'd gained from being too near an exploding bomb in his first year in the field.
