“Other forests. Alaska, Ireland, Brazil, Australia…” Castiel gets a distant look on his face. “Goodness, the house in Ireland must be four hundred years old by now, I doubt that one is still there.”
Castiel is crouched in front of the strawberries, sampling them and moaning with each bite. His wings are still out, sprawled lazily in the grass behind him, looking as fucked-out as Dean feels.
“Well, as I’ve mentioned, I was not exactly in demand socially, but I did attend a few… I suppose commitment ceremonies among angels.”
Castiel smiles, sidling up behind Dean and wrapping his arms around his waist. “Good morning, Dean,” he says, kissing the back of Dean’s neck.
“Oh it is, and quite well, but I am the brightest of the angels, after all. I’m sure Castiel will ward you even more carefully after this.”
Dean feels a sad little curl of jealousy wind around him before it dawns on him what Castiel probably means by “plans”. “Do you mean… World of Warcraft plans?”
Dean’s kind of relieved to hear that, honestly; he looked it up, it’s like a thirty hour drive to Vancouver from Lawrence. “Wow, that’s… so that’s it, huh?”
before he married Ambriel and moved somewhere better. He was renting it to a woman who happened to move out at the same time my last relationship imploded, so… I moved here. I think some days he’s come close to gently forcing some upkeep on this place, so I imagine he was very excited when he learned you were tending to the house. Anyway, I can do whatever the hell I want to this place, but I certainly don’t actually
Christmas, hell, most holidays in general, never felt all that important. He always felt like he was missing something by not being into it, but… it’s not as though he can force himself to feel that elusive Christmas Spirit. Christmas is an afterthought to him, something he spared little thought to until Hannah insisted on giving him some small gift. With her gone, Castiel doesn’t expect to acknowledge the holiday season at all.
supposes it’s official. It also seems like a waste of money, as they’ll need new state ID’s after they move. They put their old ID’s in a fireproof box with things like birth certificates and old photo albums, just in case… well, just in case. Now that Claire has her new ID, her new (used) clothes, and her new hair, she needs a bit of distance from the reminders of “before”.
“My house has been quietly sliding into disrepair for a long time, and I never took care of it. Sometimes I was too busy, sometimes I was too lazy, sometimes I was too overwhelmed by the idea of tackling it all. So I ignored it. I stopped using my screen door, I moved my bed so the ceiling would stop leaking on me when it rained, I got used to the sound of that creaking step on the front porch. I stopped caring about it. After all, the inside of the house is mostly fine. I was okay with it. But now that you’ve swooped in and fixed so much, it’s like this weight is lifting off of me, and I didn’t even know it was there.”
“Hannah,” he says, not making eye contact, “please inform the partners that I have an urgent matter to attend to and will be back in a while.”
“Look, I know I’m ‘cranky’ and ‘moody’ and ‘unfriendly’,” Dean says, in a manner that has Castiel wondering who Dean is quoting, “but I wanna be friends, okay? I know people sometimes feel like they’re walking on eggshells with me, but… but that’s me, and if you catch me in a bad mood, you just gotta try again later, okay?”
“Charlie’s going to shit a brick when she finds out she missed the guy from one of her favorite shows,” Dean says, pulling out his phone to take a dark and grainy photo. He texts it to Charlie, who’s off on a LARPing weekend and probably won’t read her texts until Sunday.
” Meg says sternly. “Don’t be scared of him, the worst he’ll do to you is stuff his nose in your crotch.”
But maybe that’s just because the last time Dean saw someone famous it was that guy from Food Network with the too-blonde hair and the ugly goatee.
It’s so messy and dead out here, but Dean can already see the potential; the damp, pine needle covered clearing around the house replaced with a lush green lawn full of tulips, the beige, beaten porch repaired and painted, the simple front door varnished, cracked and filthy windows replaced.
Harvelle’s is a bar and grill about four miles from the Jasperville welcome sign. There’s a sign on the door declaring that minors aren’t permitted after ten at night, so Castiel has a feeling this place is on the versatile side. It’s mostly families when they walk in, and Castiel smiles when he eyes two young women sharing a plate of onion rings and making doe eyes at each other. That’s definitely something he didn’t see often back home. Livingston County was more conservative than not.
“Your father is a reasonable man,” Castiel says, “you should tell him that his friends don’t smell nice.”
Dean shakes his head. “Nah, I’ve still got a bunch left.” Dean’s got a whole grab bag of as-needed sedatives and anxiety medication, but he saves them for the days when he’s really freaking the fuck out. Like three days ago, when he had some sort of massive crying fit over how many pairs of socks he has now. Or a month ago, when he saw Sam playing computer chess and couldn’t stop sobbing. “It’s gonna be fine, I’ll be gone and back in plenty of time for my next appointment.” Dean’s doing appointments on Mondays and Wednesdays for now, although last month he was scheduled four days a week. Monday through Thursday, with Fridays reserved for shit like trips to the regular doctor and an expensive dentist that magicked Dean’s mouth for free, under the condition that she could have close-ups of Dean’s teeth as before and after posters at her practice. Humiliating, but worth it; Dean’s teeth look fucking amazing.
“No names that you’d give to a boy. I mean… I’m not saying names can only be male or female… but I think I’d really like a girl’s name. Something people would hear and automatically think ‘she’. But
Castiel nods. “I have to assume your brother would feed you better than the surrounding delivery restaurants would.”
” Claire continues, “I liked her a lot, and I was kind of relieved to be attracted to a girl and go out and have a good time like a nice cisgender heterosexual boy… I’d pinned a lot of my hopes to be 'normal' on her.” Claire looks a little embarrassed. “One of the things I was able to figure out with Dr. Milton.”
“Plenty of people I’m sure,” Castiel says, pulling the staples out of the document so he can put things in the right order.
“I really liked that couch. Found it on a street corner in some suburbs near Portland… I flew it all the way here.”
“You can call a cab, I’m leaving,” is all she says before she’s storming out of the restaurant. Dean knew he should have driven them here instead of taking her car.
Dean grins, slow and predatory. He locks the front door, and Castiel’s heart jumps. “You’d be surprised, Cas.” He kisses Castiel’s cheek sweetly. “You trust me?”
.” Dean’s holding his hands up as he says the last phrase. Castiel thinks he might be making air quotes, but it’s hard to tell with the oven mitts on.
” Castiel sighs, rolling his dick into Dean’s hand. Distantly, Dean can hear a garbage truck beeping and crunching, reminding him there’s a world out there, beyond the limits of this air mattress and sleeping bag, but he chooses to ignore it. He focuses on the warmth of Castiel’s skin, the slide of his tongue in Dean’s mouth, and the tension Dean can feel building in his own body.
“And they just kicked you off? Why aren’t you mad? If my boss fired me after eight years, I’d— actually bad example, I hate my job.”
Castiel’s eyes widen. He’s known people that were in the military, of course, but as far as he knows, none of them took a life. Dean has taken
Dean’s halfway to Wichita when he starts getting the intense urge to turn back and change his clothes again. What the fuck is he wearing? He looks like he works at the fucking GAP or some shit. There’s no time to turn around, though. Dean blew too much time changing his clothes, fixing his hair, and arguing with Sam.
“He’s staying with me while he has his midlife crisis,” Hannah coos, rubbing Castiel’s hair. Castiel tries to bat her hand away, but his movements are slow and pathetic. “And he’s going to get some coffee in him and come with me to work today, aren’t you, big brother?”
After texting Claire to dip into their leftovers for dinner, Castiel drives to the Jasperville Mall. He drifts from store to store, waiting for something to jump out at him. It’s getting very late in the evening and Castiel is crestfallen when he realizes the mall will be closing soon.
Dean presses Castiel against the door frame, hands roaming down Castiel’s sides. “No present, huh? I think I know of a way you can make that up to me.” He kisses down Castiel’s neck, breathing in deep as he goes. He’s told Castiel that his soul smells incredible, and though Castiel can’t imagine what in the world a human soul would smell like, it seems to be catnip to the archangel Barachiel.
horrid,” Hannah says, hanging her head when Castiel looks at her balefully. “Alright, fair. But it could still be a secret admirer. Maybe it’s April, I saw her looking at you with a
Dean has no idea how long they stay like that, rutting together, his face clutched in Castiel’s strong hands.
Dean gags just imagining how that would taste. “Speaking of soy sauce in coffee… well not really, but I hope you’re hungry. Sammy’s making chicken fingers.”
The rest of Castiel’s day passes at an agonizingly slow pace, so slow Castiel finds himself wishing he hadn’t come back at all. He could be with Dean right now, kissing, or doing things Castiel is apprehensive about but
“Maybe I’ll just finish helping my guild try to get through this dungeon, and then I’ll see where you’re at?”
There’s a long pause, then the front door makes a beeping and clicking sound. Castiel tries the handle, and it opens.
the island, sleeping in the backyard, the way the smell of seafood makes him queasy and homesick at the same time.
Castiel chuckles. “I’m the healer, everyone else is on the offense. Without an active healer, things can fall apart quickly in dungeons. When my internet connection lagged, there was no one to keep them alive in the battle, so they died. We’re going to try again later. It’s good to take a break after an upset like that. Last week our tank had the same lagging issue, so the boss barrelled straight after me, killed me, and the party was wiped out in seconds.” Castiel grimaces. “I’m embarrassing myself, aren’t I?”
Castiel wakes smiling, Dean still wrapped around him. It takes some patience, but he manages to free himself without waking Dean. He heads to the bathroom to empty his bladder and steal a swig of mouthwash. Sugar is curled up on the couch, and when she sees Castiel she yawns and rolls onto her back. Castiel wants to reach out, rub her soft, furry belly, but he knows this is a trap. He’s fallen for this before. She’ll invite Castiel to pet her stomach, and then as soon as he tries to stop she latches on with claws and teeth. Dean should offer his guests some sort of protective gloves.
“No, you can’t do that. James doesn’t want to be called ‘he’ anymore. Or James, actually, but they said ‘James’ is okay until they settle on a new name—”
day, come on. Places rent them. We’re gonna need plastic and duct tape too, to protect the windows.”
The library incident had been a little over a month ago. Dean had been back among civilization for six weeks, out of the psych ward for two, and he was feeling ambitious, like he was ready to maybe be around people again. So, he’d gone to the library to browse magazines and see what kind of shit he’d missed in four years of island hiatus. Then a group of chatty teenagers sat near his table, talking at a volume much too loud for a library and working Dean’s nerves into dust until he snapped and started yelling at them.
Sam fidgets with the strap on his shoulder bag, pouting slightly and looking like he’s sixteen instead of thirty. “I just don’t want a repeat of the library.”
“Through rose-colored glasses, I feel like I ignored a lot of his flaws because of that image I had of him as the perfect baseball player.”
“Only if you’re willing to pay the two hundred dollar pet deposit,” Dean says, tapping the counter with one mitt. Castiel wonders how he managed to leave his apartment and knock on their door while wearing those.
“She’s lucky to have you, man. I mean that. I wish my dad had been more like you when I was younger… which I guess is a gross thing to say to a guy I prematurely labeled as my boyfriend… God damn, I’m fucked up.”
He ends up walking for nearly an hour before he opts to head back to the apartment. He’s not sure when Dean will be showing up, but he’d hate to keep him waiting.
“They wanted to shake things up, shift focus to younger characters,” Castiel says with a bored sigh.
As it turns out, cooking with Dean is quite pleasant. Castiel had been worried that the experience would consist of Dean glaring while barking out monosyllabic orders, but Dean is very relaxed in the kitchen. He works at an easy pace and explains each step, sometimes pausing to have Castiel try doing a task. When Castiel makes a mistake, Dean is patient and helpful. He throws out little pop quizzes, and offers simple explanations when Castiel doesn’t know the answer.
“You know having writer’s block isn’t a failure, right? It’s just… you know. A thing that happens. And you write all the time. You’ve been writing for years. Maybe your creative juices need a break.”
Raphael smiles, for what might be the first time ever. “It’s almost frightening how well he has us pegged already.”
They stumble over each other, and it feels like every step Dean takes makes his desperation grow. He pulls at the soft green t-shirt Castiel’s wearing, and Castiel immediately pulls back so he can yank the shirt off. Dean all but growls at the expanse of tantalizing tawny skin, backing Castiel into the wall by the foot of the stairs so he can lick and kiss Castiel from neck to shoulder, pinning one wrist to the wall as though Castiel might try to move away.
“Tracy said there’s very little chance that I will make it out of there without getting glitter on me.”
They’re back home, Sam’s halfway through his first beer, and Dean’s sipping gingerly at a light beer because he’s not sure if he has any meds sitting in his system. He probably wouldn’t have worried so much about mixing alcohol and medication before the island, but these days his substance tolerance is pretty pathetic. They’re in Sam’s room, sitting in bed in their pajamas like they’re kids again. But with beer.
Claire comes home and gets straight to work on her assignments. When Castiel tells her he got the job, she squeals and punches him so hard his arm hurts for hours.
“Bout time,” Dean says, feigning annoyance he doesn’t truly feel, “I was starting to think there were no reapers left.”
Dean’s really, really tired, so it takes him longer than it should to catch the tone in Sam’s voice. “Wait… are you being an asshole right now?”
They start with the hair, and Jimmy watches with fascination as a hairdresser in Chicago transforms Claire’s unkempt mop of brown hair into a head of long, blonde tresses. He also takes detailed notes as the hairdresser, Samandriel, explains care and maintenance.
As it turns out, Sam and Castiel get along pretty well. Sam loves hearing about random details of filming television, and Castiel practically creams himself when he sees Sam’s small but god damn expensive collection of rare books.
me? Pass. Besides, the only ones good at hiding their pity are you and Bobby. You know I saw Jody last week and she started crying? She was on duty, man. People thought I
When Castiel gets to his floor he sees Dean at the other end of the hall, pacing. It takes him a moment to notice Castiel coming toward him and when he does, he looks back and forth like he might bolt.
Breakfast is fairly quiet, but pleasant. Castiel seems pretty absorbed in eating and shaking off some residual grogginess, and Dean’s feeling contemplative about how comforting he finds this domestic setup. Eventually, breakfast is over. Dean and Castiel trade off using Castiel’s shower, and Dean brushes his teeth and gets dressed and ready to start the day.
“Yeah, uh… a few. The guy in high school, and uh… and after I first moved out of Lawrence, I hooked up with a few guys. Rebound stuff, I guess. I mean I know now that Pam and I wouldn’t have worked, but back then I felt fucked up enough to move, and—” Dean sighs. “Yeah, I’ve slept with a guy.”
Dean nods, then shakes his head. “Well, no, because Sam’s always been my best friend… but other close friends. Bonds I thought were forged in fuckin’ iron didn’t quite hold up.” He frowns down at his cat as she stretches and rolls onto her back. “People that weren’t who I thought they were.”
They’re perched at a booth at McDonald’s a few blocks from the motel. Castiel would rather check out the breakfast menu at Harvelle’s, but for now they’re back to dining cheap.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean says, unlocking the doors. “He was gone for a week in September, and when he came back his truck looked like this. Won’t let me clean it either, the fuckin’ weirdo.”
” Castiel is having trouble interpreting the tone in Dean’s voice; it’s confused, it’s indignant, it’s agitated, it’s a lot of things.
They gather the remains, which are in a heap on an old, ruined couch, and bring them to the pyre, including the cushions. Dean told Castiel the rot from the man’s remains might leave him tethered to the cushions and Castiel got this hilariously disgusted look on his face, like he hasn’t probably seen far, far worse in his life. They get the remains on the pyre, and Dean nearly jumps out of his fucking skin when the ghost appears a foot away, screaming in Russian and knocking him on his ass again as Castiel lights the pyre. The ghost turns and rushes toward Castiel, but burns away before he can make contact.
“I… think I’m following,” Dean says slowly. He leads Castiel to the kitchen so Castiel can deposit his pastry burden.
“Hey, don’t worry about it,” Dean says. He gets to his feet so he can kick off the filthy, wet boots he wore all the way into Castiel’s room and then he’s pulling the blanket away and straddling Castiel’s lap. “I’m sure lots of gay guys get off to lesbian sex scenes in fan fiction.”
Castiel leans against Dean, sighing. “I don’t know what specific medications you take, but the thing about anti-depressants is… sometimes it takes a while to find a good fit. And the medications that are a
“It was the wings that made me realize I wasn’t getting out of that room alive,” Dean says, back still turned. “I mean on some level I already knew, but… but the wings, suddenly it clicked that he was doing whatever he wanted because whether I talked or not, I was a dead man. I think he probably would have even killed Benny when he was done with me. One less loose end. God knows how he planned to explain it, being separated from the unit, two dead soldiers… Jesus, I’m a real mood killer, huh?”
bi? I mean I know you didn’t exactly projectile vomit when Castiel Novak kissed you, but hell I’m gayer than Christmas and still jealous that you got to kiss him.”
Hannah, in Castiel’s limited experience, is a mostly calm, temperate woman, so he’s rather shocked when she punches him hard in the shoulder and
When they get to Hannah’s desk she brings up her e-mail account, scrolling and clicking through several pages’ worth until she gets to one from Virgil in security, sent on Valentine’s Day.
Here, Castiel falters. Claire is still not out as trans, save for to a few trusted friends, so Castiel can really only share so much of the truth. “We had a very critical disagreement about how to raise our daughter.”
“So… what about you and Castiel? Is that… does that have the chance to stick?” Tessa doesn’t sound angry or jealous. She sounds like someone that cares about Dean’s future.
“He loves to cook, he loves to tell stories, he loves severing vampire heads… he’s been making these little sketches of dresses he wants to make for my nieces. He smiles to himself a lot, and hums, and sometimes I can feel the warm buzz of his grace wrapping around me…” Dean realizes he’s gushing about his boyfriend to fucking
“Gotta do this right,” Dean says, licking back into Castiel’s mouth. He tastes like eggnog, and Castiel finds himself hoping there’s some for him to drink in the fridge.
Jimmy and Amelia plead their case for full custody to mediators, to lawyers, and finally to a judge. If there had been a different judge on the case, things might have gone differently; Jimmy’s life might be headed down another path. But they have Judge Pamela Barnes, and Judge Barnes awards sole custody of James Novak Jr. to Jimmy.
“Wish I had some advice, but… all my dates were prior to tenth grade, and most of them were group dates. Also I was living on the wrong side of society’s gender binary. I can tell you that talking excessively about your ex on the first date is a bad idea. Hael did that. Like… she wouldn’t shut up about him, actually.” Clare’s glaring at her toast now.
He reads out loud from The Fellowship of the Ring for five minutes, maybe less before Claire interrupts. “Do you think I’m going to Hell, Dad?”
Castiel starts sopping up the spilled bourbon with a bath towel. “I don’t make friends easily, Meg. I don’t want to risk it. And he lives across from me! I’ll tell him, he’ll be put off, and then I’m stuck seeing him every day.”
“Saying the same thing over and over with an emphasis on different words isn’t going to suddenly make it clearer,” Dean says. It’s too late in the day for this. Three more hours until showtime, and they’ve got nothing. They’ve got less than nothing. Slow news days are the worst, Dean ends up searching the couch cushions of his mind for sports trivia and
“The fucked up thing is that… she’s got a kid. A little boy, he’s one. She met someone I think it was thirteen months after I disappeared, they fell in love, got married, and had a kid, when before…” Dean sighs. “I don’t know. Kinda sucks thinking about how my life might have been different if I’d just stayed home and tried harder to work things out. Maybe we would have stayed together, maybe I’d have a kid, maybe the sight of airplanes wouldn’t make me burst into fucking tears.”
“Dad, I know I have this whole… troubled child of divorce thing going on, but… I’m not secretly hoping you and Mom will get back together… I’m cool with you dating, I just can’t believe you met someone already, we
snuggling, but there’s still an odd “morning after” sort of feeling. In a nice way, Dean thinks. Like they shared something special last night and now they’re waking up together. It’s not all that far from the truth though, really. They shared something special. Dean showed up and changed Castiel’s life with his belated package delivery, that’s pretty special.
“What? No, shut the hell up,” Dean says, even though he did. He didn’t realize Sam was still there eating the rest of his damn meal.
“We haven’t seen each other enough for me to know all your shirts, have we,” Castiel says. He’s being a little awkward tonight, Dean’s into it.
“I hope you don’t mind,” Castiel says once they’re on the road, “but I made… plans for tonight, since I assumed you’ll be sleeping.”
It’s about a week later when Castiel comes home to find Blonde Ruby sitting at the table, looking somberly at Claire. Claire’s right hand is submerged in a bowl of ice water. There are scrapes and bruises on the left side of her face.
“So, one important thing to know, Cas, is that not everybody likes anal sex. It might start off feeling weird, or awkward, or even painful, but it’s supposed to eventually feel good, and if it
“Come on,” Dean says, gesturing to the many Sam-approved goods in the cart, “I got lots of other shit in here too. Look! Carrots!”
“If you hadn’t come by, I wouldn’t have hired anyone. It would still be as it was the day you arrived.” Castiel sighs, looking annoyed with himself and withdrawing his hand. “My point is, sometimes we get used to the damage, and we learn to adapt, and that’s fine… but that doesn’t mean it can’t or won’t get better. My house will probably never be like new again, but it can be something I’m content with, inside and out.”
“I knew you weren’t as straight as you said,” Lucifer says instead of answering Castiel’s question, “I’m just so glad I could help you realize you were attracted to men.”
?” Castiel smiles and shakes his head fondly as Gabriel continues. “You really just got it today? You’re not pulling my leg?”
“I suppose we get dinner, find a motel, rest… then I start looking at schools and apartment listings. Oh, and see what places are hiring. And look up the places on Dr. Milton’s list… look into new state IDs, find a—”
do now is help Claire with some of the things she wants for her appearance. Some new clothes, a bit of makeup, and Claire really, really wants hair extensions.
Though it’s not Castiel’s first time in Dean’s apartment, it is his first time actually taking in his surroundings in here, and it’s… nice. Pale green walls, darker green furniture, some nice, custom pieces in a style Castiel recognizes from John’s store, paintings on the wall. They look familiar. They look like the paintings at Harvelle’s, but more overtly surreal. There’s a desertscape with water lilies growing out of the sand, a forest piece where the trees have grapes instead of pinecones, a lavender tiger with glowing eyes.
“Well,” Kevin says, “it was the Gay-Straight Alliance for years, then it was the Gay-Lesbian-Straight Alliance.”
Dean hears Tessa say “Where is he?” before the line cuts off. God, he hopes Sam doesn’t rat him out. Tessa may be the one that called for this break, but Dean needs a break too.
Dean’s about ready to chuck his half-eaten potato at Sam’s head. “How the hell did we get here? I’m not going to date him, I just don’t want to be the weirdo calling him before he’s ready!”
“It’s hard to explain. I guess I… associate discomfort with sleep? Every night on the i-i-island, I’d go to sleep and I could never
Samandriel laughs, ruffling Claire’s hair then smoothing it back into place. “Most importantly, surround yourself with good, supportive people if you can. If people can’t accept you for you, kick them to the curb. Now…” Samandriel spins Claire around in her chair so that she’s facing a large mirror. “What do you think?”
“He wasn’t interested in anything I had to say, he asked if I could introduce him to Kelvin, and at the end of the date he assumed I’d be paying because I’m an actor, and asked me to sign something for his sister.”
Dean gets his hands in the waistband of Castiel’s jeans, and Castiel lifts his hips so the jeans can be pulled down.
The next week or so passes by slowly, and Dean spends the entire time in his motel room eating shitty delivery food, sitting around in his underwear, watching more television. At some point he went from taking a few days to deal with an emotional blow, to wallowing in self pity. He knows that. He just… needs to get this out of his system. Then he’ll go out, find a new job, actually get back to his friends,
but Muriel is a Krav Maga enthusiast, so…” Samandriel lets out a snort. “Self defense is another thing to remember. I know it’s depressing and scary, but…”
Dean moves fully into Castiel’s space. “Well, I do, Cas. May not always read that way for you, or for me, but… never assume you aren’t taking up major real estate in my heart.” He kisses away the tears on the angel-turned-reaper’s cheeks, then down to his lips. Just once, softly.
Castiel doesn’t bother responding, just walks by the exiting Dean to get in the elevator. Dean grabs Castiel’s arm as he moves past, forcing him to turn around. As much as Castiel would prefer to react to the intrusive gesture with some venom, he just stares at Dean, wide-eyed and almost a little scared.
Now Castiel is staring at Dean’s mouth. This guy’s just a little bit off. It’s comforting. “Your mouth looks uh… fine now.”
It takes all of forty-five minutes. It’s been so long since Castiel had to look for work, he wonders if he should try to line up more interviews, or wait and see how Monday goes.
Sam drops and breaks his fucking coffee mug, which… Jesus fucking Christ, it’s not that serious. “You want me to take you shopping?” Sam says, already snatching a roll of paper towels off the top of the fridge.
“Hard to say. On the one hand, I can see not wanting to be around here, but on the other hand… you can’t keep running away every time a girl dumps you.”
“Well, well, well.” Dean and Castiel both startle, looking toward the arch leading to the kitchen. Hannah is leaning against the fridge, grinning like the cat that caught the canary.
“So now you’re what, making up for lost time at random dive bars? Cas, this ain’t Canada and it ain’t California.”
It’s getting close to midnight when Dean finally comes home. Castiel’s starting to doze, but he jolts awake at the faint sound of keys in the hall. He scrambles to his feet, wiping away the drool at the corner of his mouth and running his fingers through his hair before rushing out to the hallway. Dean’s already in his apartment, so Castiel knocks.
“Don’t fucking inch away from me, why would I take offense? Do you think that’s what I’m doing with Tessa?”
“Rough night?” Dean asks, and Castiel jolts so strongly that coffee sloshes onto his knuckles. The coffee must not be very hot, because Castiel doesn’t really react to it being on his bare hands. “What the hell
The apartment is empty when Castiel returns home. He’s not entirely sure when Claire will be back. He assumes her “don’t wait up” was facetious, as it’s a school night, but he doesn’t expect her back any time soon. He wonders if he should have made plans for the evening.
pair of pajama pants though. They’re black fabric, patterned with the face of Castiel’s character from Halo Project.
“Sometimes,” Dean says, deflating a little, “I think about the guy I used to be… and I wonder if I was kind of a dick. Kind of closed off, inflexible.”
Right now he’s staring balefully at Sam and the Rubys as they scramble to get things zipped up and tucked away.
“Look, I’m sure in Hollywood everyone goes around making out with everyone, and open relationships are fine and dandy for the people they’re fine and dandy for, but Tessa and I are Tessa and I. No other people. She’s not cool with what happened.”
Castiel doesn’t know how to answer that. That answer is certainly less embarrassing than the truth, but he’d rather not lie to Dean.
“I’m not. Well, not really. Kaia and Kevin and Alex and Patience all know, but I haven’t told anyone else. As far as most people know, I’m just the B in LGBT… but yeah I told my friends a couple weeks ago. Totally cool, totally lowkey. And like I said, I thought my body type would be a deal breaker, but
“Pens, envelopes, pencils, notebooks, stickers, greeting cards, scrapbooking supplies, and paper, paper, paper.”
“Yep! Once a month Daddy drives all the way here on Friday and we drive all the way back and I spend the weekend there! Sometimes he comes real early so I can sleep the whole way there, it’s kind of a boring ride. Poster board!” Dean’s a little thrown by that last bit, but then Hael goes running out of the room and comes back holding a piece of green poster board.
Sam grins. “Ellen’s idea. She overheard Claire telling Jo that her father is all thumbs, and she volunteered me to help.”
Claire smiles at that, then seems to remember she’s telling a serious story and goes back to looking a bit more grim.
By the time the movie is halfway through, Dean’s lying with his head in Castiel’s lap, head turned toward the TV, Sugar sleeping on his stomach. Castiel would be content to spend every Saturday like this, watching this sweet movie, running his fingers through the short strands of Dean’s hair.
Castiel doesn’t hear Dean knock on his apartment door until he’s almost to the elevators, and for a fleeting moment he wonders if Dean was watching him walk away.
dollar security deposit, and one place had a very unfriendly landlord who had heard Castiel’s name and said “I don’t rent to Jews.”
“I keep feeling like I was humiliated when that kiss happened, even though I wasn’t. I feel like a fool. My boyfriend kissed another man in front of me.”
Claire has one final appointment with Dr. Milton, and she comes out with a long list of mental health resources in and around Jasperville.
fired, I’m in a different place now. Maybe this path will work out, maybe it won’t, but what matters is I’m doing what I want, and not what my agent or my showrunner or even my fans want.”
No one calls to say there was some horrible issue with Castiel’s background check, so on Wednesday he gets dressed in black slacks and a tucked in white oxford shirt, shaves his stubble, and devotes fifteen minutes to making his hair presentable before leaving.
After that, Castiel drives Dean to the bus station. There is a truly uncomfortable moment where Castiel hands Dean an envelope with his payment for the weekend, and Dean gets sort of a weird feeling that he’d describe as “hooker-ish”. After that, they say their goodbyes and their see-you-soons, and then Dean is on the long bus ride back to Kansas.
True to her word, Meg doesn’t try to turn the conversation towards Dean. Instead, she talks about her date with Lucifer for twenty minutes; which is most definitely worse, because by the end of the conversation Castiel is cursed with the knowledge that Lucifer has a below average penis in both length and girth, but is exceptionally talented with his hands.
Still. It’s dinner time, and Dean is lonely. He puts a lid over his pot of food and turns, recoiling slightly when he sees Lamia and Okami on the kitchen counter
Maybe twenty minutes go by, Dean’s just about got everything ready when Castiel comes shuffling in, still in his pajamas. They’re a soft, powder blue. They bring out Castiel’s eyes, not that Dean’s noticing that kind of thing.
Despite the embarrassing start, Castiel’s dinner with Dean is very enjoyable. It turns out the strange combination of flavors is indeed tasty on a pizza, and Dean is in good spirits. This is one of those times where it’s difficult to reconcile this man with the terrifyingly unfriendly landlord Castiel met last month. If not for Claire insisting that they take the apartment, Castiel would have chosen some other place and never gotten to know the funny, brash, caring man Dean truly is.
Dean’s favorite thing about Victor has always been how ridiculously calm he is. Dean’s never seen him yell, barely seen him get mad. Dean would think two divorces and twelve years as a homicide detective would leave a man full of piss and vinegar, but Victor’s always cool as a cucumber. He’s gotta be in anger management or something, no one’s that calm.
Claire’s been unpacking her room for the past hour or so, but instead of doing the same Castiel finds himself sitting on his new couch, contemplating the future. It feels so
After several long, wonderful moments, Dean pulls back and stares at Castiel; eyes wide, lips redder than they were a few minutes ago.
“I have no choice, this was scheduled weeks ago,” Hannah says, hand a little rougher, eyes narrowing a bit. “Perhaps if someone had remembered his commitments, he wouldn’t have gotten hammered, and then he wouldn’t be heading into a room full of noisy children while nursing a migraine.”
“Of course not,” Castiel says. He’s finished setting up the tent, and is now digging through his comically large hiking pack. “I apologize for not noticing sooner, the spirit was all but inactive until I opened the front door.”
Mary grabs a slightly smaller bag of peanut M&M’s and puts it in her cart. “Nah.” She moves closer, pulling Dean into a hug, and for a moment Dean almost wants to cry at the sort of instinctual relief he feels from getting a hug from his mom. “How are you, baby? I didn’t know you were back!”
Castiel comes to Claire’s door a bit later, feeling nervous and embarrassed. But… there’s something on his mind and there aren’t a lot of people he can talk to about it. There’s a faint light under the door, so Castiel knocks.
Tessa sighs with what sounds suspiciously like relief. Her eyes are watering too. “Okay. So… so we’re on a break now.”
When Castiel comes home, he has a moment. A very intense, very confused moment. Dean is washing a lovely black behemoth of a car in the parking lot, his usual flannel traded for a very…
“I’m gone all the time, but my home base has always been with Sam. Uh, except when he was in college, but that was a long-ass time ago. But I do… I want to see what it feels like to have my own life. Beyond being weird Uncle Dean, beyond being a hunter.”
Underneath the aggravation and the deep regret for updating his Facebook status, however, Castiel feels good. He’s going to see Dean when this day is over, and that’s what matters most.
“I’ve uh… never been to that sort of establishment, but I like to think I’m open to new experiences.”
Dean shrugs. “My knees don’t like stairs that much. Did you just say I was strapping?” The doors to the elevator slide open, and Castiel shuffles inside with Dean. Why does moving his legs make his head hurt? “I’ve never seen you hungover before.”
, but not against… are you alright, Dean? I can’t believe that he’d— oh, Dean, please tell me you’re okay.”
Dean nods, timid, and Castiel follows him across the hall. The movie Stardust is on Dean’s TV, paused near the beginning. It’s one of Dean’s go-to comfort movies, sometimes he even plays the soundtrack when he’s having trouble sleeping.
for their conversation earlier that night, and Dean’s a bit guilty that he’s a little relieved to get away from the massive waves of emotion Sam is pouring on him.
Dean looks at him again, wondering if the guy is being a dick or just clueless. “That’s so not the point.”
“We’ll need a few minutes,” Castiel says, “but I know we want an order of mozzarella sticks to start.”
“I took home-ec… your mother helped me quite a bit,” Jimmy says, taking more eggs out of the fridge.
“I need you,” Castiel says, voice pleading. He clambers into Dean’s lap, kissing him hard while they both grope around the bed for the jar of coconut oil underneath the pillows. Dean finds it first and Castiel snatches it out of his hand to get some onto his fingers and reach behind himself.
It’s a Wednesday evening, Charlie and Dean are on Dean’s couch playing Mario Kart on Dean’s old Super Nintendo while Tessa is out with Jo and Ketch.
After a shower. And brushing his teeth. And making sure Claire is set for dinner. And he ought to do something with his hair. Maybe he should do some more reading about sexual positions for the seventh night in a row.
There’s tragedy in this moment, that they could have had this in life and never did, but Dean’s at peace with it. Castiel will find him again in Heaven, and together they can figure out some afterlife groove.
, Cas. We can… we don’t…” Dean sighs. “It doesn’t mean I’m just gonna go away. We're just getting started.”
“Yeah, that’s like ninety percent of the calls I get. I used to think no one ever called those customer service numbers on the back of packaged food… I was
“Just wondering,” Sam says, sitting on his bed. He starts pulling his shoes off. “So, Tracy and I broke up.”
“No God at all makes the most sense to me, but… I like your God a lot better than Pastor Raphael’s… than Mom’s.”
“These are incredible,” Castiel says, tracing his finger along a series of mountains with a glowing sun in their basin.
Castiel may have largely moved on from Amelia, but the loss of Roger, somehow that still stings. Castiel’s group of friends changed through the various stages of his life, grew and shrank as he got older and people came and went from his life. Roger, though, Roger was a constant from first grade until adulthood. They were best men at each other’s weddings, their families sometimes spent holidays together. Roger was the closest Castiel had to a brother, and now when Castiel thinks of him all he can see in his mind is Roger ushering his son away at the grocery store, as though Castiel might infect him with some sort of sin.
Castiel hasn’t met Dean’s father yet, but he met Adam when he came to Kansas for Dean’s birthday, and he’s met Dean’s mother a few times. They get along well, she even called Castiel one of “her boys” last time she was in town.
Castiel is silent for a long moment, so long that Dean starts to fear he’s about to learn he won’t be going upstairs, but downstairs... but when Dean looks at Castiel he’s surprised to see an almost coy smile on his face. He relaxes, knowing with his entire being that Castiel wouldn’t smile like that if Dean was on the express train to Hell.
She looks… deadly. Tight black jeans, a black leather jacket, and black boots with heels that look like they could kill someone. Castiel has a moment of renewed panic about his own appearance until Meg whistles, cherry-red lips curling into a grin.
“Oh no, not that sort of battle, not to the death. More like a very intense sparring. There were many injuries, but I think killing his opponents outright would have harmed the mood.”
“That is a good point. I don't know if Dean even dates men. I guess I had it in my head that this is something that needed to be confronted immediately,” Castiel says, feeling a bit ridiculous.
“So, here’s the thing. At the time, I took your… disappearance pretty well. I think because it was so drawn out? I had hope, hope, hope, and then one day I realized that hope had been replaced with mourning. It wasn’t a huge shock to my system like it would have been if they’d found your body, you know?”
“Dunno, I can say a lot of bullshit about how it wasn’t anyone’s business, or it didn’t matter, but I guess it was just fear, and maybe projecting like… internalized homophobia.”
This is the type of building where the apartment entrances are inside, and a key or a buzzer is needed to get in. Judging by the list by the buzzer, there are twenty-four apartments total. Castiel presses the buzzer for apartment 4E, “D. Winchester”. Nothing happens, so he presses it again.
so he fries up some bacon and sunnyside-up eggs, hacks up a potato for some potato hash, and tosses in some dried herbs from the pantry.
Sometimes, when Castiel spends time with Dean outside the building and they return to their adjacent apartments, Castiel has this odd feeling. This anticipation, like something is coming. Castiel doesn’t know what exactly, just something. Whatever the something is, it never comes. They always pat each other on the shoulder and say their goodbyes, or maybe Castiel follows Dean into his apartment so they can watch a movie.
Dean shrugs and gets to his feet. “My brother does the same thing, I’m used to it. I guess I just inspire cuddling.”
“Yeah… got a couple friends there that I haven’t seen in awhile too… and I don’t have to worry about bumping into Tessa and Ketch.”
him. He turns the faucet on in the sink and gets his hand wet, then flicks the water at his observers. Both immediately dash away, and Dean smirks, even though he’s sure next time all four of those fucking monsters will be on the counter.
“What…” Castiel can’t figure out how to finish his sentence, and pauses for a few moments while Dean is testing the give of his gingerbread. “
Dean sighs. “Okay, yeah. I survived a lot. I had to hunt my own food, I was alone with my thoughts all day every day for four years, my closest friends were pieces from a chess set that was supposed to go to someone named Sarah Blake, and after four years with no dental care my mouth was a
Castiel chuckles, something sad and humorless. “Yes. He sent one package to one family member four years ago, and when I didn’t reply, he simply let it go.”
Castiel huffs out the faintest of laughs. “I can’t believe I was worried about you finding me inappropriate. You smelled my hair.”
and he didn’t tell me he didn’t like it, and when I finally found out… it just got weird and uncomfortable knowing he hadn’t liked how it felt, and he thought something was
It’s been so long since Dean spent time with a child, he forgot one of the best parts: getting to do childish things unapologetically. If Dean sat in his apartment with Tessa or in Sam’s house and spent his day building a multi-level house out of popsicle sticks, they’d probably ask him if he was doing okay. Here though, it’s perfectly fine, because he’s helping Hael out. Hael is ridiculously patient for a child, and meticulous. Sam was like that as a kid too, but not until his preteen years. She’s determined to get it right, and has no problem spending all day on a single project. When Dean asked if it was a project for school, she said no, school hadn’t started yet. This was just for fun. What a trip.
“I guess it was silly not to expect… bigots,” Claire says, plopping into the Continental’s passenger seat with a sigh.
Castiel insists on giving Dean breakfast, which is apparently a bowl of Cap’n Crunch “Oops! All Berries” cereal.
He follows Dean into the other apartment, feeling bold when he closes and locks the door behind him. Dean’s on him again in seconds, kissing him, steering him to the couch and shooing Sugar out of the way.
When Monday rolls around, Castiel is nervous, far more than he was for his date with Meg. Job interviews have always made Castiel nervous, when he can feel his future in the hands of a complete stranger.
Castiel doesn’t bother to lift his head at the sound of Gabriel’s voice. “We both know that’s not true.”
as his car makes its way to his building. Dean in the parking lot unloading a sack of potatoes from his car, but he stalls his movements when he sees Castiel pulling up.
Dean shows Castiel how to make homemade mozzarella sticks and dipping sauce, and it’s very enjoyable. Dean is attentive and patient as he always is in the kitchen, but now it’s…
Claire is in her pajamas, lying on her side and smiling at whatever she’s seeing on her phone. The lamp by her bed is lit; a tacky purple thing Claire bought at her school’s rummage sale last week.
that I don’t really want, life is like that, and I'm learning to be okay with it. Life isn’t perfect, and you can’t make it perfect.”
Dean looks from the phone in Castiel’s hand, to the door, to his duffel bag. “I can… I can stay a while. How about I go put your groceries to good use? I’m
“A breakup that I handled kind of terribly. I mean I know that’s not the same as losing your footing in the world but…”
he’s being ridiculous, but that doesn’t stop him from stuffing his bag of sexual paraphernalia into his underwear drawer before taking a nervous, unnecessarily long shower.
Dean swallows, setting his wine glass down on the coffee table. When did his life drift into chick flick territory? More importantly, when did he move closer to Castiel on the couch?
The trip to Target goes pretty well. Sam is what Henriksen referred to as a “safe person”, meaning Dean can be around him easily, and often having Sam around makes it easier for Dean to be around others. Dean had been a little confused by the concept until Henriksen said it was “like a therapy dog, but with people”, and now sometimes Dean jokes about getting Sam one of those therapy dog vests.
Dean hears a voice, a chant, saying words that sound something like spellwork. It’s Castiel, the rough, gravelly tone of his physical voice, and the piercing ring of Castiel’s angelic one blending together into a singular sound. He sounds frantic and angry, words coming out in a stream of Enochian that Dean has absolutely no hope of deciphering.
They’re both exhausted and sore by the end of the day, but the porch and house are painted, and everything on Dean’s list is crossed off, aside from the bike. Dean and Castiel are both too tired to cook, so they order a pizza and stand out front waiting so the pizza man doesn’t step on the not-quite-dry front porch, then quickly tear through half the pizza in a matter of minutes.
“Maybe…” Castiel picks up the bear, smiling. “I can’t remember the last time someone gave me a Valentine’s Day gift.”
didn’t think of it sooner. There are still nights where Dean retreats to the tent in Sam’s backyard, sometimes he needs to be outside for real and the gentle sounds of a cricket chirping or whatever else the relaxation app has just isn’t enough.
“West,” Claire says between bites of her cheeseburger at Burger King. “Definitely west. Somewhere like Portland or Seattle. Or San Francisco!”
Dean rolls his eyes and snatches the bar out of Victor’s hand. “I thought this was Charlie’s bit,” he says, tearing into the packaging and taking a small bite. He’s gonna ration this out, who knows how long they’ll be here.
to have a proper home with decent furniture, but there’s still lots to do before Castiel will feel settled. Claire needs to be enrolled in school, Castiel needs a job, they need to find a local therapist for Claire, Castiel needs to inform Amelia of their new address.
“Pizza sounds wonderful. Will it be in the shape of a heart?” Castiel says, giving Dean a playful nudge.
Claire turns her attention to her fries before answering. “I don’t think I’d want to live in a place
“Ah fuck,” Dean says, grabbing Castiel’s arm. Castiel looks at him warily. “I’m sorry, Cas, that wasn’t cool.”
“Why not? You’ve got a good…” Dean makes a series of vague gestures with his soapy hands that Castiel hopes he won’t be expected to interpret. “... situation going on.” He sighs. “I’m no good at this shit, ask someone else.”
Dean considers all this as he lies on Castiel’s couch, waiting to fall asleep. It’s been at least forty minutes since Castiel went into his bedroom, Dean’s no closer to falling asleep. He’s tired, but he’s not tired enough to fall asleep on this nice, awesome,
James gets that patient smile on their face, the one Jimmy has come to know as their “you have it all wrong, but I love you for trying” smile.
even when he forgets words. He comes out just as he’s singing the last few lines, and his eyes go wide. If he wasn’t blushing back when Castiel answered the door in his underwear, he’s
Dean follows Sam as he drives the children to the local authorities, and again as Sam returns to the barn for a lengthy cleanup.
Castiel’s not home all that long before Claire comes home, flanked by two smiling teenagers. Incredible. Castiel watched Claire’s social connections wither and die between her depression and coming out as transgender, and here she is with two new friends after her very first day at a new school.
“Damn it,” Dean says, pausing the DVD. “Right when they’re about to— wait, have you seen this movie before?”
Dean’s being ridiculous, he knows. He’s already met Hannah, Gabriel, and Michael, after all. Dean doesn’t know why this feels so significant, but the fact is that it
“I spent all that time looking for excuses to end things without even realizing it,” Tessa says. “If it hadn’t been Castiel, it would have been something else. You and I just…”
“Cool,” Dean says, patting the cat a few times before getting to his feet. Castiel does the same. “Tell her I’m bringing spaghetti and meatballs over in about an hour, okay?”
Castiel circles several ads with a pen while Claire wages a preventive battle against acne in the bathroom. When she comes back out, she plops down next to Castiel and yanks the newspaper out of his hands.
It’s the most fun Dean’s had with Tessa, without other people around as buffers, in at least a year.
Castiel nods thoughtfully. He leans forward, elbows on the table, a serious expression as he regards Dean. God, this guy is pretty.
“One for the road?” He says with a grin. Castiel brings their lips together again, and Dean lets his spectral form dissolve, ready to see what surprises the afterlife has in store.
“So, uh… while I have you on the phone, and don’t have to look you in the eye…” Oh, fuck, what does he want? “Bobby’s birthday is in a couple weeks.”
“Well, I don’t know how long you’re in town for, but if you do odd jobs, there’s about a million things I’d love to get help with.”
“I think learning by doing is the way to go. Don’t worry, Cas. In my experience as long as you don’t bite down it’s pretty hard to really mess up a blowjob.”
Claire walks in holding their battered copy of The Fellowship of the Ring. She looks embarrassed. “Sometimes when I’m really… active and social, there’s uh… like a come down after. Like a sugar crash.”
Saturday is spent much like Friday, checking out rentals that for one reason or another aren’t a good fit. The day passes slowly and full of frustration, and by evening Castiel is sitting at the table in their motel room, wondering if Jasperville won’t work out after all.
“It’s ridiculous, really. When I was younger I had quite the tolerance, but… years of filming and avoiding alcohol and the empty calories that came with… I didn’t drink all that often the past few years.”
Dean watches Castiel walk up the paved path to the house, cold dread settling in his bones. He fucked up good this time.
the alcohol, Cas, she just wants to kick back.” Dean opens the fridge and reaches for one of Jess’ frou-frou imported microbrews.
Dean looks away. “Yeah, sure. Well, uh… I’ll see you guys on Tuesday. You can come by in the morning for the key… say around nine?”
“Come on, Butterfingers,” Dean says, pushing Castiel out the door, “we’ve got more shit to bring up.”
After an hour Dean excuses himself to the backyard, where Bobby is smiling to himself and turning his array of well-seared steaks over. It’s Bobby’s party, but him being absent for huge chunks of it is no surprise.
“Oh. Well, I have this great big crush on Kaia, and… but I was never going to make a move because she’s a lesbian, and I worried the uh… parts I have would be a deal breaker, you know? Because for some people they are, and honestly I was afraid to find out if she was one of those people... but she's not!
A woman jogging with three leashed dogs passes him, and she actually slows her pace to turn and get a better look at him before grinning and moving on. Castiel is a bit taken aback by this; he can’t remember the last time a woman blatantly checked him out. Then again, he’s been married most of his adult life.
He’s in his slightly too large home, in his bed, in a pair of his boyfriend’s underwear, clicking through said boyfriend’s infrequently updated Facebook account. Dean hasn’t updated the account in months; his relationship status is still listed as single, and the most recent item is a post from July that reads “It is too hot and too dry for you fuckers to be using fireworks in the fucking woods. IT’S NOT EVEN DARK YET, ASSHOLES.” There are eight comments, all from Jo and Sam, all trying to convince Dean to come to a barbecue at Bobby’s. Dean never responded, and Castiel has to assume he never showed at the barbecue. Maybe next year. Dean’s already opening up quite a bit, socially. On Thanksgiving, Dean had Castiel, Sam, Madison, and Charlie over for dinner, and tomorrow they’re supposed to go to the community center for a Christmas Eve party, which Castiel is looking forward to because Dean says Ellen is bringing eggnog made from scratch.
“Given half a chance, my dad will put his nerd hat on for just about anything,” Claire says with a smirk.
It’s amazing. The angle’s a little odd, because Castiel is standing, leaning over where Dean is seated, but it’s good. Castiel’s lips are a soft, gentle pressure against Dean’s, and when Dean feels a tongue brush against his lips, he can’t help but obey the silent request. Somewhere, surely there are fireworks going off. Rockets. Explosions. A Jimmy Page guitar solo.
Another minute passes, and then the door swings open to reveal a skinny man with a mullet and not a stitch of clothing on.
Castiel waves and then he’s out in the hall, on his way to a date. Part of him wants to run back into the apartment. He’s not going to, though. That would be unfair to Meg. He can do this.
Dean gets it. Don’t give up on love. Kind of weird to hear from his mother, who never seems to be in a relationship.
Dean shows Castiel how to make popcorn that isn’t instant and microwavable, and they spend the afternoon watching superhero movies from Dean’s dvd collection. They don’t talk all that much, but it’s pleasant. They sit on Dean’s couch, a bowl of popcorn and a snoozing white cat between them. Dean nudges Castiel at funny parts of the movie, which reminds Castiel of Roger back in Pontiac.
“I can. I assure you the novelty of that wore off a very long time ago, the average deer or rabbit only has so many topics it cares about.”
Dean nods and grins, once again ignoring the feeling that he should get Castiel’s phone number or something. “You need help getting out?”
Dean, I’m certain I can tighten a hinge without anything catching fire.” Castiel’s glaring as he speaks, and Dean can’t help but smile. That “they’re my annoying family but I love them” shit always tugs at Dean’s heartstrings.
God, Dean wants to hug this guy. “You need a distraction. But… but like a better one than getting your groove on at bars. I mean do it if you want, just don’t do it thinking it’ll fill a void, because it won’t.”
“Woah, woah. Why are you scared? We can stop, Cas, just being able to kiss you is kind of kicking my ass right now.”
Towards the end of the month Castiel exits his apartment in the morning and is surprised to see Sam decorating Dean’s door with cut outs of animals wearing party hats and what looks like an old Christmas tree garland. Sam looks over and grins at him, holding a finger to his lips.
Dean rolls his shoulders and clears his throat, and suddenly Castiel can finally put some context to this feeling. It’s akin to… end of the date tension, when one wonders if a goodnight kiss is on the menu. Except they’re not on a date, and neither of them is considering a kiss. Involuntarily, Castiel finds his eyes drawn to Dean’s lips for a fraction of a second. When he looks back at Dean’s eyes, they’re rather surprised looking.
actually, how good it’s been to talk to Castiel today. Dean talked easily, he didn’t flinch too much during the conversation, had no problems maintaining eye contact for short amounts of time… although maybe that’s because Castiel has eyes that are
All Castiel can do is stare and watch as Gabriel walks away, whistling what sounds like the theme song to Full House.
Dean takes out his wallet, plopping down a business card for Dr. Josie Sands, DDS on the coffee table. “Miracle worker. Did the whole thing for the low price of some embarrassing before and after photos and a promise that I’d hand out her cards when appropriate. So uh, that’s for you, if you ever find yourself in need of some dental work, head out to Wichita,” he says, winking.
“Hey, don’t worry, it’s fine. I’m glad things worked out during your incredibly platonic conversation with your bro, man.”
“Thought you couldn’t read minds,” Dean says, checking to see if the front door is locked before pulling out his house key.
The changes come quickly after that. Their home, still owned by Amelia’s parents, is exchanged for a tiny apartment on the other side of town. Amelia drops out of their lives almost entirely, save for the monthly child support payments that show up in Jimmy’s account through direct deposit.
“Cas, I really appreciate that, but… you don’t need to do that, okay? We got a system. Chuck’s awake at night anyway, he calls Sam, Sam comes.”
“It’s okay, Sammy, I know you guys just miss me. Besides, Henriksen says it’s important to be pushed once in awhile. Or something like that. He said it different… therapist-y. Something about doing what’s right for me, but really considering the little nudges I get before shooting them down.”
“You’re still gonna get mugged.” Dean puts an arm around Castiel, steering him towards the bar’s parking lot. “Come on, let me drive you home.”
Sam’s jaw is still hanging open. “Isn’t this supposed to happen the other way around?” He looks dazed, but he grabs a ginger ale from the fridge and makes his way back into the living room.
“Aw, Dad. I’m not putting you down, okay? I’m just excited to see what school and stuff is like while I’m
chasing release as much as they’re chasing each other’s mouths. It’s juvenile, dry humping on a couch like this, but damn if it doesn’t feel awesome. Castiel breaks their kiss, and Dean feels the scratch of stubble against his jaw as Castiel tilts his head to lay kisses down the side of Dean’s neck, and that’s when Dean decides this needs to go just a little further. He braces more of his weight on his knees so he can get a hand free and pull at the button to Castiel’s jeans. The wet, biting kisses to Dean’s neck don’t stop, but Castiel does move his hands down to aid Dean in getting his pants open, moaning when Dean gets a hand on his dick to pull it out of his boxers. Dean spares a few seconds to think about the fact that he’s
Castiel smiles, which hurts. “After our next date perhaps we can discuss our age appropriate labels.”
There’s no reason for Dean to be here. What’s he going to do, ask to bunk with Castiel, his sister, and niece? They barely know each other. Plus Tessa would probably kill Dean. This is stupid. Dean’s staring at this stranger’s house in the middle of the night, and—
if you don’t like him, he’s not here to be your blushing, mini-skirted work slave, cupcake.” Even more yelling on Lucifer’s end. “Nope, you had your chance. At this point I don’t care if he spits in your fucking coffee.” Gabriel covers the receiver with his hand and whispers, “Don’t spit in his coffee.” Lucifer yells some more. “Oh
“I love California,” Claire says, “no one ever casually talked about their brother having a threeway back where I used to live.”
It looks… different, even though nothing is. There’s still a bunch of magnets for La Muerte’s Deep Dish Delights on the fridge, the couch still has Tessa’s mother’s ugly throw pillows, there’s still a faded red wine stain under the coffee table. All that’s really missing is the stuff Dean took when he first left.
“I’m ready to paint if you are,” he says. “I went with the colors I chose last weekend. I was having a lot of trouble settling on the colors, but my sister Rachel was kind enough to remind me that I can always paint over it in the future.”
“I asked him to. I’ve grown to love humans so dearly, I wanted to be part of welcoming them… home. There are still so many lost spirits wandering the Earth, trapped and confused after the time when the veil was broken, and when Chuck raised the dead. There is so much work to be done.”
“I’m not looking to recreate what I had with Amelia,” Castiel says, exasperated. “I just want to feel the way I do when I’m with—” Castiel cuts himself off, realizing what he’s about to give voice to.
“Couldn’t handle having a bi kid, huh?” Brunette Ruby says. “My parents were like that… total drag. Haven’t spoken to them in like a decade.”
Dean comes by at seven with bacon cheeseburgers and fries. He doesn’t join them for dinner, but he looks pleased at Castiel and Claire’s enthusiasm for the food. The burgers are
“I was never really a romantic before,” Dean says, settling. “I thought Valentine’s Day was for dopes, I’d never go see the sappy romantic shit my ex wanted to see, you know how it is.”
unusual to wake up and not be alone, sometimes Sam sleeps next to Dean. They don’t talk about it, it’s only happened a handful of times, and Sam’s always long gone by the time Dean’s fully awake and puzzling over vague memories of Sam curled up next to him like he used to after a nightmare when they were kids, before Sam’s friends told Sam that only babies crawled into bed with their big brothers after a bad dream.
Castiel kisses the top of her head. “You didn’t ruin my life, Claire-bear, you’re the best part of it.”
At first Dean thinks it’s one of those giant fucking flies from the island; they’re loud, especially when they’re right near Dean’s ear. It’s his phone though, vibrating on the floor next to him.
“Do you have any other secret houses?” Dean says loudly. “Maybe ones closer and less in need of upkeep?”
“Not like I watch it now. I didn’t know what the fuck was going on when I was a kid, I just cheered when my dad did.”
“Well, it sounds like you grew up surrounded by a lot of joyless bigots, and yet look how you turned out.”
there was no spark at all.” Dean frowns. “Actually Charlie ended up realizing she was full-on gay, so maybe that’s a bad example. Okay, Lisa. Lisa was sweet, fun, hot,
“On an intellectual level, I do. Logically I know I cannot force words to come out if they aren’t there, that I’d be happier if I postponed my deadline instead of sitting in my office all day looking up people I used to go to school with on Facebook and playing that game where you click on a cookie. I know, but it feels so wrong. If I put this book on hold, I’m giving up.”
He starts walking in the direction he’s already facing. He walks slowly, chill working its way through his bones. What he wouldn’t give for a pair of slippers right now. This place is… there’s a wrongness to it, Dean can feel it down to his marrow, to the center of his soul. The wrongness of it clings to him with the chill of the air, and only grows colder as he walks. He wants to call out to Castiel, call out to anyone, but he fears breaking the oppressive silence with his voice.
Castiel frowns. “She wanted us to act as though Claire were broken, sick, in need of curing… when the only thing making Claire sick was living as someone she wasn’t. So… my life with Amelia ended, and I was blessedly granted custody, and we left.”
“Mostly. Back on the i-i-island was another story, though. Lotta free time, lots of time to think about what I’d be doing at that moment if I just hadn’t gotten on that plane,” Dean says. “I do know one thing that’d be different, for sure. You wouldn’t know your brother is alive, so that’s cool.”
Dean flips over onto his other side so he can kiss Castiel. He has more that he wants to say, but it slips through his fingers and he gets lost in the tender press of Castiel’s lips against his.
Castiel feels a little like he just got backhanded in the heart. What he wouldn’t give to erase the scars Amelia has left on their daughter.
“But uh… y’know stick to gay bars, man. Anywhere else is a dice roll, found that out myself once.” Castiel doesn’t say anything, but Dean can feel him staring. “
Dean is being so… talkative and friendly. It’s making Castiel nervous, like he’s going to say the wrong thing and ruin it.
It’s odd, getting a talk like this when Castiel’s in his late thirties, but he’s still profoundly grateful.
“Dude,” Claire says, looking around the room. “You haven’t finished unpacking? I did that on day one.”
Dean opens Castiel’s pantry, then his fridge, staring at the contents, waiting for inspiration. Some of the stuff looks old, Dean gets the sense that most of what Castiel bought today is stuff to make sandwiches.
Eventually the meatloaf is baking, the mashed potatoes are cooking, and there’s nothing to do but chat for a few minutes while Dean cleans a few dishes.
It used to be that Dean would come back from a hunt exhausted, aching, physically in need of rest. That’s not true anymore. Castiel doesn’t heal every single ache and injury that comes Dean’s way, but he heals the worst of it, and Dean gets less beat up on hunts with a mostly-angel by his side.
“Good, wanna see that,” Dean says, fingers dipping into the cleft of Castiel’s ass, rubbing against his hole.
“Oh…” Castiel says, sitting down in the grass. His voice is sleepy, weighted with sympathy and curiosity.
Dean can feel his soul gearing up to leave. Knowing he’ll see Sammy again, that’s just about all he needed. Almost. Dean finds himself fidgeting. A ghost, fidgeting. Ridiculous. “What about… what about you? Will I see you again after this?”
Kelvin grins, knocking Castiel with his shoulder so hard that Castiel stumbles a little. He says something Dean can’t hear, then continues on toward the exit. As he approaches Castiel has a small, curious smile on his face, a slight wobble to his steps, and barely flushed cheeks. He’s obviously a little tipsy and fairly amused by Tessa’s outburst.
“You took on a wendigo a month ago, but you’re worried about bears?” Castiel says, looking amused. He’s actually in some traditional clothes, even has shoes on for the hike. He has a massive, comically sized pack strapped to his back that he’s been carrying this entire way. He’s also not nearly as sweaty as Dean is, the dick.
The man tilts his head barely, and then his eyes widen. “Oh, yes of course. Humans are so fragile,” he says thoughtfully. The “room” starts to warm almost immediately, enough that Dean doesn’t feel like his toes are going to fucking fall off. “I prefer the cold, personally.”
From Cas - 8/05/17 - 12:02am: I know. But if there’s no spark in the beginning, what’s there to build on?
“No. God, no, no, no. Don’t crack an egg like that…” she turns the stove down. “And don’t have the pan this hot. Jeez, no wonder we’ve been eating cereal and sandwiches all this time.” Claire holds the pan up. “This has burned eggs stuck to it!”
Dean’s prose isn’t the most elegant, but he has a firm grasp of Castiel’s characters, which pleases Castiel greatly. Dean’s focus seems to be writing moments between the scenes; things that could have happened in Castiel’s stories, between chapters or between books, but didn’t. Some of the items have been a bit mucked by Castiel’s later continuity; a conversation about siblings that made sense for the year it was written, but no longer fits after the events of book eight, things like that. It’s fascinating, reading Dean’s ideas for the characters, and he almost feels bad that later installments of the series rendered some of these ideas moot.
It’s a fairly warm day in September, but Dean’s in his leather jacket anyway. It was his father’s, something John Winchester wore until the day he died. Actually, he died
“Dean don’t let your penis make decisions for you. And I doubt you’d be working on my show specifically.”
because he knows the damn things are still out there, but on the other… out of sight, out of mind. He pulls Castiel down into a kiss, sighing with relief as Castiel resumes fucking him.
Dean’s face is in his hands now. “First of all, never, ever call me that again. I’m Dean. Uh… second of all, I have something for you.”
They sit together on the couch, not speaking, just being together. There are more of Dean’s paintings on the walls than there used to be. New ones. He’s painted Castiel, Claire, Castiel’s awful car… A few of them are up in Castiel’s apartment, and he’d take them all if he could. Castiel’s never actually seen Dean paint, never so much as seen an easel in the apartment, but he knows it still happens regularly. There’s an always-locked janitorial closet next to the laundry room in the basement, and Castiel’s almost positive that’s Dean’s “studio”, though he hasn’t asked. It’s Dean’s space of therapy, peace, it’s not really any of Castiel’s business. Still, Dean’s art makes Castiel feel… well, it makes him
Cas. It could have taken you two, even three minutes to do what I accomplished in one. You were right to wait for help.”
Dean just shrugs. “It just is, Cas. I’ve never done the Christmas thing, I want to do the Christmas thing, and you’re going to do it with me.”
Castiel yawns, mouth huge and hanging open for an eternity. He scoots closer to Dean. “Would it be alright if I sat with you for a while? Or would that make it harder for you to sleep?”
Dean could swear time is slowing down, now. Sam in the corner of his vision seems to be moving at an eighth of his normal speed. Is Castiel doing that?
There are warm, fuzzy feelings assaulting Dean’s insides as he smiles back, giddy and probably blushing. “Eat your damn dinner.”
Dean rolls his eyes a little. “Tell you what, Cas, after I finish fixing up your real house, I’ll consider fixing up your World of Warcraft house.”
“Perhaps you should give me your class pin to declare your intent,” Castiel says, batting his eyelashes.
Dinner is delicious, and Dean very nearly hugs Castiel when he puts a few servings in a Tupperware container for Dean to take home. He’ll have to ration this out. Lasagna with fatty cheese and beef, that needs to be treasured, especially while he’s living with Sam.
Much later, when Sam has left to drive Claire’s friends home and Castiel is in his pajamas for the night, Claire comes knocking.
“I suspect he’s worried Gabriel’s return will cause some sort of… upset in our relationship. Perhaps he’s worried Gabriel will return and usurp him as my favored brother. My brothers are all competitive children.”
“OH MY GOD DAD I’M SO SORRY DAD NOTHING REALLY HAPPENED KAIA WAS JUST SHOWING ME THAT MY BODY WAS OKAY WITH HER EVEN IF IT DIDN’T LOOK— YOU KNOW AND IT WAS JUST REALLY SWEET AND THEN WE— OH MY GOD DAD IS IT BAD IS IT BAD SHOULD WE CALL AN AMBULANCE DAD I THOUGHT YOU’D BE AT DEAN’S ALL NIGHT DAD I’M SO SORRY—”
bisexual, second of all…” Dean sighs. “Yeah, they don’t know. Or didn’t. Or don’t. I don’t know, we didn’t really talk about it, but they probably know.”
“So, that’s that. We’re still friends, and we’re definitely still going to fuck. I’m not giving up sex with that woman. You wouldn’t
Dean piles a plate with food and hands it to Castiel before filling his own. “Yeah? What do you do?”
He’s weirdly nervous, which is maybe why he suddenly says, “I think I kind of wanted it to be a date.”
lot like witchcraft, but apparently some things in the system need repairing first. They need new pipes or chicken feet or a virgin sacrifice; Dean wasn’t really listening because a fox was flapping its tail at him, but Castiel said all that can wait.
Claire was James for nearly seventeen years, it will take more than a week and a gung-ho attitude to adjust to the change. Claire remains patient, though. Almost bafflingly patient, given all she’s going through.
Castiel lets go of Dean’s wrist and looks up at him with pleading eyes. “Stay. Please. I would very much like to talk to you some more, Dean.”
exactly,” Castiel says, opting for honesty, “I’m more afraid of… annoying you. I mean I was just over yesterday, and here I am again, and I don’t want to… be too much.” Castiel sighs. “I haven’t made a new friend in a very long time, that’s frightening all on it’s own, and you’re…”
Dean follows Sam as he searches the nearby woods for hours, finally locating the terrified children underneath the very barn where Dean met his end. Smart, to hide so close, though if the vampires had lived… no, best not to think of that.
Arty McFarty,” Charlie says, so casually Dean has to wonder how often she refers to Ketch as “Arty McFarty”. “But I hate seeing you stress about him, and I’m tired of the gossip in the group.”
Dean turns back to his reaper. He can see the flames growing on his spectral form reflected in Castiel’s eyes. He truly feels ready.
Lucifer looks pleased, though. He looks like what he is; an estranged father hearing that his cherished son is doing well. “Domesticity… it suits him, then?”
“There were sequels, made for TV movies. They get rescued from the island. Multiple times, actually. I think the Harlem Globetrotters get involved at one point. I saw a documentary about the show, once.”
Dropping Claire off at school makes Castiel a little late for work, and he’s very shocked to see a gift waiting for him on his desk. It’s a small, tan teddy bear with a red heart sewn between its paws, sitting atop a heart shaped box of chocolate. He would think this gift was meant for someone else, if not for the little white card leaning against the bear that reads “
Dean shrugs, the confusing expression already melted away into something more casual. “So, where you gonna take Meg?”
what the problem was. So… like I outed myself, loudly. Krissy and Josephine were there, and they didn’t know I’m trans… and Alex had never told Henry… so then Henry said he was glad to hear that, because it meant he didn’t hit a
Dean nods. Okay, this hurts. It hurts, but… but it’s not unsalvageable. “Look, that’s good, then. We both fucked up, Tess. We’re even, we can just—”
“I’m just saying… this ain’t our churchy corner of Pontiac, and I’m not one of those jackwagons you used to know. This is genuinely a safe space,” Claire says emphatically.
“Tell me the bet,” Castiel says, “and I’ll tell you who the gift is for.” He’s playing along in the vain hope that one of them will actually give a useful suggestion, because he’s going shopping after this and he still doesn’t know what to get for Dean.
Now that Dean’s gotten a peek under Castiel’s clothes he can see there are even more tattoos to swoon over. Castiel has angel wings on his back, more symbols and passages inked near his ribs, and Yggdrasil’s roots wrapped around his right leg, among many others. Dean would have thought so many tattoos would look cluttered, or ugly, but they’re beautiful, every last one of them. Even that bloodied, thorny crown circling Castiel’s left ankle.
He can feel Dean between his thighs, warm and bare as he gets into place. Castiel wants to look up at him, wants to run his fingers along the beautiful and damaged landscape of Dean’s torso, but of course he can’t. It is as frustrating as it is relieving.
Castiel smiles at Dean. “I think so. It all turned into a blur, I have no idea what I was doing all night, honestly.”
It’s odd, but Castiel really, really wants to hear from Dean that he looks okay. “Do you think Meg will like this?” he says, gesturing at himself.
“There’s no real reason for people not to know, I guess. But it’s not his fucking business to share.”
To Cas - 8/25/17 - 9:33am: fine if you don’t care about spelling just keep calling it selfy like a FOOL
“Hi, guys!” Eileen says and signs. Her eyes noticeably drop to Dean and Cas’ hands and dart back to their eyes with a wide smile.
“Maybe we should change into some warmer clothes before we start walking?” Sam says, nodding towards the sign for the restrooms.
Dean reaches his arm back behind him and brushes his fingers against the back of Cas’ neck. “Oh, Alpha.” he moans.
Cas offers a small smile in return before biting his lip and looking away shyly. “I, um..I can sit up now if you want me to.”
Dean spots a black newer car with the lights on and running, but the driver door is open. It’s parked a few spaces away from the road. His own car is parked around back, but finds himself walking towards the black car, hoping to find the handsome stranger, Castiel. His heart thumps loudly in his ears as he gets closer.
She grabs a snack cake from the kitchen and walks back into her room. She begrudgingly picks her phone up again and checks her notifications.
Sam had never been so thankful for his family before, but he could also feel himself pulling away. He knew things were starting to get bad again, but he told himself he wouldn’t allow the bad stuff to take control like it had before. One day Dean asked him if he wanted to go play basketball with him, so he forced a smile and followed him.
Dean finds himself with his hands resting on the back of Castiel’s neck. “You can be pretty persuasive, anybody ever tell you that?” he smiles, bites his lip then leans in for another kiss.
Bobby cuts him off. “You just let me worry about all that, okay? We’ll be fine. I know you’re not a kid anymore, but it still ain’t your responsibility to have to worry about any of that stuff for a little longer. Not until you move out, get your own place and all. And in case you had any doubts about it, whether you decide to go to college or whatever it is you wanna do after you graduate- I ain’t kickin’ you out as soon as you finish school. You can stay in the new place as long as you want. That goes for your brother too. There'll be plenty of space in the new place and I’m in no hurry to have it all to myself. Just….whenever you’re ready, and not a minute sooner. Got it?”
They continue on wordlessly. The miles drag on, full of burning, aching muscles, occasional grunts and exasperated sighs. As they walk, sweat saturates their clothes, sticking to them uncomfortably. Their steps silently sweep across the red clay, leaving light traces behind, as the breeze carries it onto the pavement. Doing his best to ignore the tense silence between them, Dean tries not to let his mind wander.
The Empty has an evil, venomous smile on its face. “Ready to have some more fun, loverboy?” It forcefully places its hands on either side of Dean’s head and begins to read his mind. A constant pulse of electricity causing excruciating pain, fills every fiber of his being.
‘He’s so fucking adorable. god, I’m in trouble.’ Grinning like an idiot he answers. “Sure, give me a minute then, follow me.” Dean says, walking around to the back of the building to his car.
“I love you, too.” Dean replies, kissing him again before getting up and grabbing Cas’ hand to pull him up.
“So how was the trip? You drive the whole way from wherever it is you came from?” Dean asks, hoping he doesn’t seem rude.
“Hell, I’m the only one I know who doesn’t have a mate. I’m not like other Omegas, I’m not gonna flock around any and all Alphas, competing for their attention in hopes they pick me. I was born into a family of all male Alphas who are ashamed of me because I’m not what they are. Even they expect me to ‘fall in line’ and just act like the Omega I was born as. But...I can’t do that. That’s just not who I am. People think of Omegas like me who do ‘rebel’, and wear Alpha spray to hide their natural scent, as cowards. Hiding from the world, denying who they really are.”
Putting his hand down, he smiles at her again. “Well, it’s nice to meet you. What’s your name, darlin’?” Benny asks.
Sam sighs a shaky breath. Holding back tears, he flexes his jaw and heads straight for his bedroom. Jack follows him and he watches as Sam opens his computer, starts it up, clicks on something, then begins typing. “What are you doing?”
Cas nods. “What kind of deal?” He asks, unbuttoning the sleeves of his dress shirt and rolling them up.
They both unbuckle and Cas gets out. Dean curiously watches him close the door behind him and climb into the backseat. “What’re you doin’?”
Cas closes the distance between them, pressing his mouth to Dean’s soft full lips. Pressing his tongue through, he moans lightly as he tastes his lover again. He breathes deeply and Dean’s intoxicating scent makes his knees weak.
Sam cuts him off. “No. None of this is your fault, Jack.” he sniffles as his tears begin to drop. He pats Jack on the back before turning away. “
He kisses him again before reaching over to the nightstand and grabbing a small bottle along with a condom.
“Yeah, baby. Thinking about you, about seeing you this weekend. You wanna maybe..touch yourself and tell me what you’re doing and I’ll do the same? Want to?”
“If you don’t get your ass up and come on, I’m gonna pick you up and carry you to their house over my damn shoulder.” he says, giving a no-nonsense look.
Rowena shrugs and looks over at the Archangel again. Michael can’t help but grin at her. He leans in for a soft lingering kiss.
Feeling a shiver down his spine, Dean moans, head pushing into the pillows and his back arching slightly away from the bed. His fingers bury themselves in Cas’ dark hair. His breathing gets more erratic, as his eyes close and he bites his lip.
“No, no! Dean! No, NO! Stoppit!” he playfully tries to fight him off. He starts running again back the way they came.
He starts pacing between the bedroom and the living room, while his thoughts made him lose track of time. He could still feel Dean’s soft lips against his own. Those beautiful green eyes with surrounding freckles flashed through his mind, taunting him. Staying up all night talking- it was like a dream. The way Dean had looked at him at the bar, and how he had leaned his elbows on the counter while waiting for his reply. Dean seemed genuinely interested in him, and to Castiel it seemed too good to be true but he doesn’t care.
“I honestly have no idea what he could be thinkin’, son. All I know is I’ll kill the sonofabitch if he ever tries to lay a hand on either one of you boys again.”
Reaching out, Dean sits beside him and wraps his arms around Cas again.“Hey, hey. Come ‘ere. Easy, I got you. I’m here, Cas. And I care about you.”
“No, I’m fine. I told you to call and that I’ll come pick you up. Just gimme a few minutes to get dressed and grab my shoes and stuff and I’ll be on the way.”
The line is silent for long enough that Sam checks to make sure the call wasn’t dropped. Putting the phone back to his ear, he hears something strange. It takes several more seconds for him to realize that Dean is crying.
Dean clicks through several channels before coming across some dumb nature documentary. Before he can change the channel Sam looks up at him with his damn puppy dog eyes. Dean sighs, and sets the remote down on the table.
Sam burst out laughing when he sees Dean’s jaw stiffen and his eyes narrow at being called out at their usual behavior.
Sam and Dean take a few steps when Dean notices Charlie is looking down at the floor and not following behind them.
“Mmmmmm, okay then.” Cas says. He flips him around, then easily picks him up and sets him on the table.
Glowing power immediately surges, flowing out from Chuck’s body straight into Jack’s. Chuck can’t seem to move, besides his body jerking and gasping. After a solid minute, Jack lets go, and Chuck falls to the ground. Their bodies appear normal again.
“Gabe was his usual flirty self, Jo ignored him, which made him more persistent. Finally she told him off and me and Adam couldn’t help but laugh. She was pissed, thought we were laughing at her, but Adam quickly apologized for Gabe and she ended up talking with us after her shift ended. I guess things kinda went from there.” Castiel says, shrugging.
“So you must have thought…” Castiel doesn’t finish and chuckles. “Bet you thought I sounded pretty conceited.”
“Hey. I promise.” he says, kissing his lips again. “Really.” He kisses him again, holding his head between his hands. Finally, he pulls Castiel in until his head is buried in Dean’s chest as he holds him, rocking back and forth slightly. He kisses the top of his head. After a minute or two Dean finally speaks again. “Come on, let’s wash and get out.”
“Just..don’t worry about how. And I don’t know, just away. We need to get out. We can get by on our own. Hell, we do it already. This way, we won’t have anyone telling us what to do and breathing down our neck half the time and the other half leaving us to fend for ourselves anyhow.”
Cas has one arm around Dean’s back, while the other hand roams down until it lands firmly against his ass.
“Dammit! You had a way out but you refused?!” Cas near-shouts, more an accusation than a question. With a stern look on his face, he shakes his head. He laughs humorlessly scrubbing his hand over his face. He’s absolutely fuming. “First, I try to save you and you can’t even let me do that. Then, you miraculously have a way to get out. To get back home, and you refuse? Why, Dean? Why would you do something so incredibly stupid?!”
“She wasn’t even on Death’s list.” Sam muses. He’s still in shock from what they just witnessed. He and Jack rush outside, met only by an eerie quiet.
Castiel answers quickly. “Hello, Dean.” He's wearing more modest apparel of nice khakis, a dark brown jacket and an olive colored tie. Somehow this look is way more fitting on him than the former fancy suit he'd been wearing the night before.
About 20 minutes later, at Cas’ direction, Dean pulls in behind an old closed-down restaurant seemingly in the middle of nowhere. He turns off the engine and looks at Cas.
The man struggles to breathe again, his face turning even brighter red as he whimpers. “Try again, this time LIKE YOU MEAN IT.” Charlie threatens, before loosening her grip again.
Castiel is still looking at him expectantly and Dean’s mind is SO helpfully, completely blanking on any kind of response.
Eileen cuts him off. “Stop. You didn’t say anything wrong. You were just trying to let me know how much you care, right?”
“Isn’t it amazing how tiny she is and how much you just love her?” Eileen asks and signs. Her face beaming.
They drive in silence until they park in the garage. Bobby jerks the keys out of the ignition as soon as the engine’s off and hops out. Sam slams the passenger door shut.
Regardless of their obvious injuries, the brothers gather themselves to stand once again before him.
Dean chuckles, feeling his cheeks turn pink. Licking his lips, then clearing his throat. “It was..uh…” his eyes shift away as he scratches the back of his head.
He runs his fingers through Cas’ hair, looking down at him. Sleeping so peacefully, his face looks so serene. He presses a tender kiss against Cas’ forehead and then trails them down his cheek then to his mouth.
Dean found it hard to concentrate on the task of making the new schedules. ‘Why didn’t I give him my number? Or get his?’ He groans and gets up from the table. He rubs his eyes and grabs a beer from the fridge. His phone rings, it’s Billy. “Yeah?” he answers.
Dean crowds into Cas’ space, gently touching his jaw. Looking directly into those breathtaking blue eyes, he wills him to understand the words his mouth can’t seem to say. He gulps and with the next moment his lips are against Cas’ with both their eyes closed. Gently, the chaste kiss with Dean’s hands cupping Cas’ face lasts a few seconds before he pulls away.
“You have GOT to find a better word for that.” Dean says chuckling. “But yeah. Do you have those type of urges still?” he asks.
Dean smiles, then looks away nervously as pink rises in his cheeks. “You’re going to laugh.” He replies, moving the last pieces of his meal around with his fork.
“I’ve never really been around kids. I mean, yeah I’ve done plenty of photo shoots but those are with older kids. I don’t really know how to interact with babies or like really small children. I feel extremely awkward and...feel embarrassed because it’s blatantly obvious.”
it. After things are set right, all your friends and your brother, the Angel, come back along with the rest of the humans, but then
He follows her and watches her dry off and get dressed. She looks up at him, blushing. “How about I make us some lunch?” he asks.
“Let me look at the schedule...Ah, Jesse’s in the kitchen, the doctor told Garett he shouldn’t use his hand for the next day or so but Jesse can handle it alone. And Rebecca is on register.”
I can’t have.” He smiles, through welled up tears. “But I think I know-I think I know now. Happiness isn’t in the
“Don’t be mad, but, um...I wouldn’t want to like, hold hands in public or anything. Not because I’m ashamed to be with you or anything, just...you know. People still get bullied and even killed over that kind of thing. People like us, anyway. I’m scared of what might happen.”
Though his mind was screaming at him to go downstairs- to go HELP- Sam was frozen with that same terror. Felt the same exact way he had when he was a little boy, cowering in the face of his father’s wrath. ‘What if he hurts Dean? Or Bobby? What if he kills them? It would be my fault. What if he comes after me?’ Sam was utterly petrified at the thoughts swirling around in his mind but he didn’t know how to stop them.
Sam holds himself up on his elbows as he thrusts slow and deep. He watches her face as he moves against her.
“I lied.” She says, grabbing his arms and slinging him onto the bed in a maneuver that leaves Sam’s mouth gaping open in surprise.
“Good evening. I hope everyone is enjoying the party. Let’s get down to business, shall we? I ask that you will all join me in congratulating our very own Gabriel Novak on yet another win.”
“Better?” Cas whispers. Dean nods, and another finger is added. Fingers circling barely inserted, Dean begins to moan lightly. He pulls Cas’ hand closer, drawing his fingers deeper. His fingers brush against something and Dean feels a wave of pleasure. His body trembles in response.
Castiel’s attention is brought to a small group of people, quickly making their way to their cars. Then he spots Dean stepping out from an old black muscle car and walking towards Castiel.
“It’s okay Sammy. If somebody did come in and take shit, I seriously doubt they took our clothes or pictures of mom. And you brought my bag, which has our money in it. So, we’re good. Just grab some stuff and we’ll figure out what our next move is.”
He presses his face against Dean’s neck and hugs him tight around his middle as he continues to sob. Dean pets his hair again. “I’m here. I’m right here with you, sweetheart.” the words just flow out of his mouth and he doesn’t even flinch. It feels natural.
That is until Castiel chooses to sit back down- And of course the returning warmth only causes Dean’s still very much interested dick to perk back up. ‘Fuck.’ He grabs the nearest pillow and clutches it, hoping to hide the pretty obvious tent in his blue gym shorts.
Dean claps his hands together, “Okay, well then we’re gonna need to find a car and grab us both something to eat. We’ll find a phone and call Sam. And we can try to figure out whatever’s going on with you once we get back home.”
“It takes her a little bit to get used to new people. She’s like that with everyone at first.” Castiel answers.
Sam’s mind raced as he hugged his knees and the tears fell. Breathing still ragged, he realized he was angry at Bobby. ‘Why the hell would Bobby even let him in?’ he wondered. ‘What could he possibly be thinking to let him try and talk to us?’ His heart sank with a thought. ‘Maybe Bobby called him. What if he’s sick of raising two kids that aren’t even his? What if he wants to get rid of us?’
Leaning in right beside Dean’s neck, Castiel breathes in the unmistakable scent of Omega heat. The sweet smell of raw honey makes his mouth water, feeling the need to taste. Pulling back, he sees the gorgeous emerald of Dean’s eyes is now changing to a brilliant gold color. The scent he had smelled on him before is now barely detectable.
“It’s because my parents don’t give a flying FUCK about me and if I stay inside that house any more than I have to…..” Cas’ words trail off and he just shakes his head.
Fingers gently brush along the skin on Dean’s shoulders, then down to his chest and across a nipple. This causes him to shudder. Cas rubs his lips against the now hard nipple, caressing the other with his fingers. He slips his tongue out and circles one and then moves over to do the same with the other.
He smiles, kissing her thumb and pulling her closer. “I love you.” He says. Rolling them over, he is laying on top of her now. He takes in the curves and lines of her face. Her dark hair, soft lips and brown eyes are where he gets lost, holding her face between both hands. He kisses her again, slowly and passionately.
“Of course I will.” Cas answers, wrapping one arm around Dean’s waist, caressing Dean’s bottom lip with the thumb of his other hand.
way to entertain myself for the rest of eternity, right?” It winks at Dean. He glares in response, clenching his fists at his sides and tightening his jaw.
Eileen catches Cas watching Dean and nudges Sam with her elbow to see what she’s seeing. They look back at each other and raise their eyebrows.
Castiel is getting somewhat frustrated by only getting a slight tease every so often of Dean coming over to flirt and bring him another shot of whiskey. He would have been bored, if not for how he watched and marveled at the man he was becoming more and more eager to spend time with. A few fellow patrons stuck up a conversation but it wasn’t  very enjoyable for him. They were mainly heavily flirting with cheesy pick up lines, in an attempt to have some company for the night.
“I think it takes a lot of courage to be who you really are instead of ‘falling in line’ with what other people expect of you.”
Dean halfway grins awkwardly at the two in the kitchen before deciding to see what Sam’s up to. “Hey, how’d you sleep?” he asks, sitting beside his brother on the floor.
‘Fuck.’ “I’ll be right back.” he says quickly and hurries down the hall. Shutting the door and quietly locking it behind him he stands against it, eyes closed. ‘Am I seriously about to jerk off in a stranger’s bathroom?’ Dean asks himself. Glancing down, he realizes he’s still holding the pillow over his crotch. ‘Goddammit! Like he didn’t notice that!’ He looks up at the ceiling. ‘An exhaust fan! Hallelujah!’ Flipping the switch, he drops the pillow, then rushes to pull down his shorts and boxers just enough to pull his aching cock out. He’s so hard it hurts and as soon as his hand encases his erection, he feels minor relief. Embarrassingly, he’s already nearly on the verge of cumming.
“I’m sure everything’s fine. Sam said he’d come out and let you know once she’s here, right?” Cas attempts to reassure him.
They wash, in between kisses and turn the water off just as the water turns much colder. Drying off exchanging smiles, they walk back into the bedroom.
“Come on guys, give up.” Chuck tells them. The former Angel continues to beat them, feeling their blood vessels and skin bursting and cracking beneath his fists. More bones break against the force of his kicks and punches. He snaps their bones, breaking them as easily as twigs beneath his feet. Guilt floods through Cas as he continues, but he knows they need to keep up the ruse to make sure Chuck is distracted.
“Jack. Child of Lucifer. I know who you are,” Walter says, cutting him off and looking him over, curiously.
Then he felt arms around him and Dean both. “I’m so sorry, boys. I made a mistake letting him even come in. Should’ve known better, but I promise nothing like that will ever happen again. I won’t let it.” Bobby told them. His voice sounded suspiciously wet, though Sam couldn’t see his face to see if his eyes were as well.
Sam sighs, flexing his jaw. “Of course he did.” he walks toward her. “Look, Eileen, I’m not sure what all Dean said, but I didn’t know anything about him contacting you. I swear. You said you need space and I’m completely fine with that.”
“I’m sure you’ll like it. There’s a lot of clubs, and sports if you’re interested in that kind of thing.”
“Alright. Go ahead,” Walter insists. He holds out his arms and tilts his head back, facing the Archangel.
Rowena and Cas sit talking and laughing at the table. They’re each eating a bowl of ice cream, as they turn to see Dean enter the room. The smile leaves both their faces and Dean feels very unwelcome. He darts his eyes away and clears his throat. “Sorry, didn’t know I’d be... interrupting.” He turns to leave.
Dean chuckles nervously, seriously not used to compliments and therefore it’s always hard to accept or process them.
Somehow Dean hadn’t expected to hear the words spoken back to him. - or maybe he just didn’t expect how good it would feel to hear them from THIS Alpha. The man he is in love with. Tears started to fall and this time he didn’t try to fight them. “Are you sure?” is all he can manage to say. The last of his defenses were falling down, and he needs reassurance that this is really happening.
“Okay, well thank you. I appreciate you helping me with the boxes and with the food problem. I think I’m gonna jump in the shower and try to decide what I want to eat.” Castiel says, standing up.
“I think I’m gonna take a walk, then maybe hang out at the library for a little while.” Sam answers.
Sam flexes his jaw, licking his lips. He sighs deeply. ‘Here goes.’ he thinks. “We..kinda made up. We’d had a fight and she said she needed space but...anyway,” he says, scrunching his eyes closed, hand making a motion in the air as if to erase his last words to start over. “We..talked. About what we had the fight about. We got into a fight because after she almost-” he couldn’t actually bring himself to say the words. “After, I just...I want her to be safe, so I suggested maybe she -stop hunting.” his words hung in the air and he waited for Dean’s reaction.
“I know, I just don’t want you to overdo it. Let me take care of you dammit.” Sam signs, smiling and kisses Eileen.
“Don’t tell Sam, but I’m going to pay for your services. Let me know when you need it and I’ll give you my credit card information.”
The phone rings and Dean has never been more thankful for his brother’s habit of interrupting. Tension hangs thick in the air as Dean answers, standing and turning away from Cas. “Heya Sammy.”
Cas puts his hand on the back of Dean’s neck and slowly pulls his face down to him until their lips meet. It’s a simple, chaste, lingering kiss that makes Dean’s heart race and his knees weak.
Only some of the people she’s pointing out to Sam even look up. “Hey.” Sam says, awkwardly. Everyone is just kind of sitting around and there’s music playing but he’s not sure where it’s coming from.
Jack grins wide at them both, face radiating pure joy. Suddenly it looks like he’s just remembered something. “Oh, and I know I haven’t had these powers for very long but I’ve already learned a lot,” he says, taking another bite of his now somewhat soggy cereal.
At this Cas turns to face Dean, their eyes meet. Dean now realizes he has leaned in closer than he intended. He feels the warmth of Cas’ body heat and his lips beg to find Cas’ mouth.
Deans tear filled eyes meet Cas’ mesmerizing gaze. The dam breaks and tears cascade down his face. Cas immediately shows deep concern on his face and leans forward and caresses Dean’s cheek. Dean looks away again.
“Hey Winchester, must be nice to be the teacher’s pet. Bet you jerk off thinking about numbers and calculations!” Jared taunts. The group of boys crowded around him chuckle and Dean rolls his eyes. “So, how often do you think about me jerking off, Edwards?” He smiles at turning the focus back to the other boy. The boys around him, snicker and whisper to each other. “Uh, I don’t FREAK!” the boy protests. “Obviously you do, if you’re contemplating what I think about while I masturbate.” Dean adds. “I’m flattered, Edwards. But sorry, you’re just not my type.” he says as he walks away.
Michael looks back down and puts his hand out. Blue light from his grace floods his eyes as he uses his power to try to force the book open. The book lights up, starts the shake, but doesn’t open. “I’m sorry,” he  finally offers after a few failed attempts.
Sam’s breathing becomes erratic and his pulse begins to race. He wordlessly bolts to the stairs and races up as fear and anger swirl inside his mind.
Things take an unexpected turn for Castiel and Dean. The surprise for Sam and Eileen is accomplished.
Castiel let the church know of his plans to leave and gave them enough time to find his replacement. Things went quickly from that point. By the end of the week, they let him know this Sunday would be his last Mass. After that, he would be officially released from his position and would be expected to vacate his church provided home within the following 24 hours.
Dean and Sam’s last 3 weeks in Sioux Falls is spent collecting their friends’ addresses and spending all the time they can into hanging out with all the people they’ve grown close to over the years. The day comes all too quickly that they’re watching the movers load the truck before leaving Sioux Falls behind once and for all.
Though Cas is tired, he finds he isn’t able to sleep yet. Dean snores, still facing him and still holding his hand. After what seems like hours, Cas finally drifts off to sleep.
“Hey.” he says, trying to sound casual. “Why aren’t you inside? Somethin’ wrong?” Dean hears himself ask.
When the waitress comes, they all order the buffet. Charlie and Jo get up first. “You guys mind watching our bags?” Charlie asks.
Miguel comes back with their plates and sets them down with a smile. This time he eyes Cas. “Enjoy.” he says, before walking away again.
“What a nice ass.” Castiel says, running his hands over the curve of Dean’s cheeks. He sees the shimmer of light against his wet inner thighs. “Is this all for me, Omega?” he asks, swiping a finger across the trail of wetness, bringing it to his lips.
Dean laughs. “Hardly. I just know the owner and his husband. So let’s just say they understand that this is a small town with some very small minded people. What can I say, we stick up for each other.”
“Nah, I think I’m just gonna go ahead and head back. Maybe try to find some trouble to get into before heading back to work Monday.” he smiles.
“Yeah, it is.” Sam answers, knowing he’s getting snarky but not caring. “What, you don’t believe me?!” he tries to make his tone sound incredulous as he crosses his arms.
Sam sighs. He’s known the questions were going to start and is honestly surprised they’ve waited this long. “I...um. Eileen and I had a fight.”
Cas knows he won’t last much longer. “Do you...uuuhhhnnn..you want me to finish... like this?” “Mmmmm...I’m...getting close.” he manages.
At that, Dean can’t breathe. All at once, he can only hear the blood rushing in his ears. And all he can feel is his heart beating so hard it threatens to break through his chest. “What?!” Dean responds just before Cas shoves him to the floor. He skids against the wall with a heavy thud.
“Nah, I’m good. I’m trying to start getting more exercise. Need to get back in the habit, if I’m gonna play basketball again this year.
“Yeah, I know man. Uh..I’m still working on the schedules for next week. I guess I’ll reach out to Rachel and if I don’t get an answer by 5, I’m taking her off and we’ll be hiring a replacement. If you could handle the paperwork for Garett I would owe you one. I’ll make sure to make a note of Barb’s overtime.”
“Yeah, Sam. What’s going on?” Dean answers from behind the open fridge door. Clinking noises sound as he moves things around. “Hey, do you know if we have any more of that sandwich meat left?” He asks, peeking around to his brother.
“Alright, get outta the car.” Bobby says, voice stern as he steps out the passenger side and comes around.
Dean decides not to mention the notebook since Castiel decided to put it away and seems shy about it. “You get here this early every day?” he asks instead.
Castiel laughs with a wide smile, crinkling around his eyes and scrunching his nose. “Um, well not the word I was looking for but sure.”
A few days later Dean gets bored and asks if he can go look for a pool or some type of retreat from the brutal summer sun. Bobby says it’s fine but as always, tells him to be careful and be back before supper. Dean invites Sam to come along, but he says he’d rather go for a run. “Suit yourself.” Dean says, shrugging as he heads out.
He starts attending a LGBTQ+ support group and makes some friends. A guy a few years older than Dean, a slightly taller muscular man named Benny, and a younger thin red haired woman named Charlie who is also new to the area. After a meeting one day Dean asks Charlie out for coffee and they get along great.
After several minutes, they both pull back, panting. “Fuck.” Dean says. He cups Cas’ face in his hands and presses their foreheads together.
Dean moves, putting himself between their estranged father and his little brother. “You don’t have to talk to him, Sam.”
"It's alright. You're almost a legal adult now and hell it's not like I can say much." Just watch your mouth while you're at school, alright?"
“Yeah, but I can just give my order to the cashier. I don’t wanna cause you to stay over. I was going to get something to go, anyway.” Castiel says, standing readying to make his way toward the cashier.
Their breath gets more and more shallow as their hands move together bringing them both close to the edge.
Dean takes his time circling the packed lot but so far nothing is really catching his eye. Possibly getting frustrated at Dean’s lack of interest and eager to make another sale, Donny enthusiastically shows him several ‘nice’ choices. SUV’s, cars, trucks but none of them feel right for some reason. Bobby assures Dean that there’s no rush and if he doesn’t find something today, they can always come back in a few weeks, so he can look at the new arrivals.
“I know, it’s just...it’s gonna be weird here without him. Hell, it’s gonna be weird in general without him. Going on hunts, sharing motel rooms on a case.”
Michael and Rowena lie behind the racks together beneath a thin blanket on the floor of the library. Their legs are tangled together as she delicately traces his collar bone with her fingertips.
Dean nuzzles his face against Cas’ neck, breathing in deeply. He sighs, wrapping his arms around his torso. “Me too.” he says, finally able to answer.
“Yeah, now she’ll be good and awake until about 11 tonight when she usually falls asleep for the night.” Eileen says.
me with the family, now? Behind my back?” Castiel spins to look at Anna, who frowns, lips slightly pursed.
“Save the Hallmark,” his brow sets heavy and stubborn. “’Kay? It’s gonna work.” He looks down. “Nobody gets left behind.”
to the Angel that Cas would offer up his own mortality in exchange for happiness with the Human prince.
Dean does so, limping forward. The dog pushes softly past him and sits at the shepherd’s feet. It watches Dean as he approaches.
“It’s fine,” Dean says, and he runs a hand through his hair, ruffling it. “Like I said, it was when I went to war—I don’t want to go into that much detail, if it’s alright. But, something went wrong… someone fucked up, or… our whole division got sent to the wrong place, and we were ambushed, and—” Dean sighs, breaking off. “We lost a lot of men.”
“Not like that, ass,” he rolls his eyes, and takes Castiel’s hand, and guides it onto the dog’s head. “Like this.”
“Most sarcastic angel in the garrison,” he says. His hand moves, nervous, to Castiel’s cheek. Castiel’s heart spikes. Dean’s seems to, as well.
it’s less like touching someone’s shoulders and more like touching a mug of boiling water. But Lucifer is out the bunker—Dean’s heart drops into his stomach.
“Otherwise I might forget it,” Dean answers, easily, because this is true. He might forget it and, as it is, he can hardly believe it anyway. Not even his father said it to him. Cassie was barely given the chance. Dean barely gave her the chance.
His expression turned sad as they continued walking. Castiel held the sprig tightly in his hand and stared at it, as though he were wishing back the mother he had never known, wishing her back with all of his heart.
“These are trying times for you, Mr Winchester,” Novak shakes his head sorrowfully. Something in it seems sarcastic.
Why is Castiel doing this? Giving Dean the sickening sense of losing his grip on something he never wants to lose?
Images of red and black figures, and flashes of steel and iron, and a burning sun beating down upon him, and being totally encased in metal, reel angrily through Dean’s mind.
“Alright,” Hael turns back to Castiel, holding Zac’s hand as he tries to pull her toward the door. “If you want to put your bags in our car, because there’s more space, you and Dean can catch up on the way home. Dean’s just parked there,” she gestures, and sure enough, the Impala is in the space opposite. Michael has already heaved Castiel’s suitcase into the back of their car.
Dean huffs and tries to gently kick at Cas under the table but the shepherd, who knows every depth of him, of course sees it coming. He dodges easily. Perhaps Dean lets him.
“Engaged to be engaged,” Castiel laughs, and so does Dean, and Castiel forgets what air is for a brief moment.
“Now, I’m not asking for your pity, Dean,” Ellen shakes her head firmly, frowning. “I just wanted you to know. Thought it was only fair.”
“I don’t know,” Dean shrugs. “I always try to do right by him, but it’s not easy. And sometimes I feel like I just
Dean is too distracting to allow Castiel a moment to wonder why he is distracted. Ten years, and it crept up on him—but Castiel knows now. He can name love, now, heart pinned to his chest to stop it from tumbling onto his sleeve, tongue pinned to the roof of his mouth to stop his heart climbing up through his throat.
When Castiel leaves the castle after moons and moons of staying in Hera with the Human Prince, Dean is walking again—although only for short distances, and with the assistance of a crutch.
“I don’t care,” Dean shakes his head, words clipped, head a thousand miles away. He feels giddy. He doesn’t like it. He doesn’t like the shepherd for making him feel this way; he feels
So Dean goes out, alone, feeling estranged from the house and its inhabitants—Bobby has taken to Sam and Adam, Ellen is already fussing over Adam, Jo has poked several affectionate jokes in Sam’s direction already, and Dean is…
And so it’s sat on her bed, two weeks after his and Cas’s fight, that Dean finally screws up the courage to cut things off. And God, does Lisa cry.
The lightness of Castiel’s laughter is liberating. He hits Dean lightly. Dean smiles. His frame still trembles.
Hello sorry this took a while !!! i hope you like it. Robin i promised several chapters to dedicate a chapter to you but kept on forgetting to say so at the beginning of chapter notes - so this chapter is dedicated to you! (realistically it should've been the chapter which was also called Robin - the christmas chapter! - because that's a clear choice BUT you can lay claim to this one and that one, too!) I hope you like it and I hope things are going okay for you :)
Castiel huffs at the pet name, but doesn’t object to his brother ruffling his hair, or pulling him in for a tight hug.
Castiel re-enters the living room to see that Gabriel has moved into his seat, and Michael into Gabriel’s. Even if this means that he is no longer trapped in the middle of them, he still doesn’t want to sit with them. He spots Mara on the floor with a plate of food and smiles.
place to build a defensive snow fort from. Dean glowers as he’s tugged away—but Cas’s eyes on him startle him with softness.
“He performs every night, Gabriel! It’s hardly a ‘show’! And we’re not supposed to leave the house! And anyway, me and Dean aren’t friends anymore!”
He hums it to himself, sadly, the tune that the shepherd first taught him. The pads of his fingertips trail the soft paper of the page.
I have always found it enchanting. I thought we might use it to start our lessons. And I thought it might also serve some purpose, in furnishing your room. It’s funny, the brightening a book can do.”
“Oh yes—I’d nearly forgotten to explain the purpose of this meeting of our kinds.” Michael’s lips twitch upwards. The motion has Dean wanting to be sick. “Well, my brother had intentions of turning the youngest of the Winchester boys into some kind of weapon; a hybrid creature—part Human, part Demon—” the gathering’s eyes widen as Michael speaks. “—By feeding the boy Demon blood as he slept, ever since he was an infant. One night—the night he had intended to steal the boy away, kill the brother who was unnecessary to his plans—” Michael gestures to Dean, “the brother who was actually rather more of a hindrance to Lucifer and his affairs, than anything else; their mother got in the way. That was the night he attacked the Angel Kingdoms. Both plans were unsuccessful; Dean survived the attack, Samuel was not taken away, Queen Mary passed into the next world, and though my beloved father died, Lucifer did not succeed in taking the throne.”
Sam shakes his head as Eileen flips through her notes, before glancing back up at him. His gaze hasn’t left her. Dean wants to remind him to close his mouth.
“And that’s the funny thing about grief,” Castiel says, looking up. “And something my dad always used to say: it changes you. And every time, and every time in a different way, I guess.” Dean’s lips are drawn down, his eyes begin to prickle.
Dean laughs, as if it could ever be that simple. As if a tray of brownies could ever make up for nine years of what Dean imagines is outright hate, or close enough to it.
“Hi Cas!” Charlie exclaims, coming to stand next to Dean, grabbing his cell and putting it on speaker.
“You know the truth about the Angels, then.” Crowley rests his chin on the palm of his hand. “About Michael and Lucifer.”
Dean’s Kingdom has been at war with both of the Demon Kingdoms for thirteen years. For what feels like Dean’s entire lifetime, he has spent each dinner with his father, the King, listening to discussions of tactics in battle, of ways they might win the war, ways in which to defeat the enemy. Not all the Earthly Kingdoms have joined in with this fight—two have had to drop in and out of the war effort because of their own responsibilities and military needs, and one kingdom, Dione, has never joined in Dean’s Kingdom’s fight against the Demons at all.
Castiel chuckles at Dean’s use of the phrase. He kisses Dean. Only briefly. They hear footsteps on the corridor. Dean steps away, flushing, and rubs the back of his heating neck.
It’s the first time since lunch that Castiel and Dean have been alone together, walking from Spanish class to math. Dean holds tight onto one of the straps of his backpack, looking down, obviously too self-conscious to be fully present in the world, even as people on the corridor greet him. Schools feel like prisons. They even look like them.
“Castiel is gonna be my best friend,” Dean decides. Something protective and fierce curls in his heart, a similar kind of feeling to the one he has for Sammy, but something about this warmth in his chest feels new and different to what he feels for his little brother. He looks up at his mom with wide eyes as she stands up again, ruffling his hair once more.
Dean looks down at the mark and smiles, eyes stung. He grazes his fingertips against the wet paint, careful not to smudge it.
my house, if you remember, Anna,” Castiel sighs, sitting up straighter and turning. Dean’s frame changes, the way those muscles are coiled changes, he retreats and his limbs are strung more tightly. “We’re talking in my living room, if that’s okay.”
“There are times I feel jealous over my dad,” Castiel admits. “There are times I want to jealously guard the right to sadness for him.  But these are feelings, ugly though not illegitimate feelings, kicked up by motion in the murky depths of grief. Things rot down there, and sometimes they get dredged up. They’re not pretty, but they’re not wrong, but they’re not right, either. They’re there and they’re part of missing my dad. And besides, the age difference between me and my brothers—you’re the one I turn to, when I need. More than them. You’re the one I feel gets it the most. So even when I want to jealously guard the right to grief—which I’m not the gatekeeper of, so can’t—you’re the one I want to talk to, other than my dad, when it kicks in, kicks me. It’s either you, or a blank page, I’ll use to untangle my thoughts, my feelings. And I used a blank page so much I produced a whole poetry collection on it.”
“You want to end the war?” Michael asks, perplexed, his head inclining slightly to the side—and Dean loathes the part of him that is so greatly reminded of Castiel by the gesture. “Why?”
“Because I’m gonna miss you, man,” He answers, trying to cover up just how much this is true—but how could he? Even now, the flavour of love leaks into his words. Dean stares at the road instead of at his best friend: resolving to be brave enough to be honest doesn’t equal being brave enough to actually
“Waiting for one of you assholes to move out of the way so I can sit,” Victor says, pointedly staring at Jo, who stares back with a lazy smile. “Move your legs or I’m sitting on them.” Jo sticks her tongue out, but moves her legs.
“Claire Elizabeth Novak,” Jimmy repeats. “Let’s give it a couple of weeks, shall we? And after that, we can see about making it legal.”
“But, I think the visits are finally tapering off, I’d been thinking about calling you, um… Gabriel’s going to visit in a month or two, seems like a good excuse to fix this house up. I thought about seeing if you’d like to get started this weekend. Or maybe next weekend.”
” in fancy calligraphy. Castiel lifts the bear, smiling when he sees the little white angel wings on the bear’s back.
Dean glares at Victor, seething with embarrassment. He’s never talking to any of these fucking people again, bunch of traitors. He startles when he realizes Castiel is in front of him, like
“I think painting your house, working on your bike, and maybe patching the roof will have to wait until next weekend. I mean I could probably do it this weekend, but I think you should give some thought to what color you want your house to be. Tomorrow I can blast the house with the pressure washer you rented, then next Saturday I can lay down primer, then next Sunday get to painting. Or… I mean it doesn’t have to be
“Wichita is not Canada or California, that’s true… though I don’t understand why that needed to be stated.”
Claire is on the couch when Castiel comes inside, cell phone in one hand, chocolate in the other. She grimaces, moving to set the chocolate back down.
“I’m a little scared,” Castiel admits. Dean’s hands pull away immediately, which… no, not even remotely what Castiel wants right now.
That feeling is there once again tonight, as Castiel exits the elevator and walks with Dean down the hall of the fourth floor. They stop when they reach the end of the hall and turn to face each other. Castiel can hear the sound of Claire laughing and talking with someone.
“Oh, that’s Rowena, she’s Crowley’s mom. Seventy years old and doesn’t look a day over thirty-five. Freaks me the fuck out.”
“By all means,” Dean says, stepping to the side, Michael takes several steps back, takes a few photos, then smiles at Dean.
and then he showers and dresses in a pair of jeans and a blue t-shirt. Back in Illinois at this time of year, Castiel would be in sweaters or sweatervests, heavy wool socks, hats, gloves… now it’s t-shirts, oxford shirts, henleys. No need to bundle up. He opts to wear a battered old flannel shirt in lieu of the trench he’d grabbed earlier, and leaves to go for a walk like Dean suggested. Or ordered. Actually, it
“I can’t believe I didn’t recognize you right away. I saw a great deal about you when the news first broke. You look different now, though,” Castiel says, mostly looking down at the package on the coffee table. “Your hair’s shorter, no beard, not so tan, less thin. The eyes are the same, though.”
“It was a symbol, it’s okay. It was a symbol and I don’t need that symbol anymore. It got me through a lot, but I’m home, now, I can have other things to look forward to. Like showers, and food with seasoning on it, and toilet paper, and all the fresh water I can drink. I’m okay to let it go. And even if I’m not,” Dean says, trying for a smirk, “I
After a moment she turns her attention back to Castiel. “I’m sorry,” she says as Castiel takes his Advil. “There’s a lot of stuff I’ve worked through with Dr. Mills, and I forget that you don’t automatically just know about it.”
“Of course I remember you, Dean,” Castiel says. He sounds like maybe he’s smiling, it makes Dean smile a little too.
you’d have a good name. I’ve been trying out names in my head, you know? Looking for one that feels right. I figured if I found one I liked, I’d tell you. One week I was Kimberly, then for two days I was Anna, like Dr. Milton, then Lydia, Kristina, Heather… for half a day I was Persephone. I liked the idea of Elizabeth… but for a middle name. Oh… Dad, it’s
Dean waves at the employee that’s been eyeing them from the front of the store, a man that looks even more intimidating than Dean.
Sam is sober and once again alarmingly chipper as he drives Dean to the bus station at three in the morning. He asks Dean if he packed all his new clothes like he’s Dean’s fucking mom, yammers on about how cool it is that Dean’s fixing up Castiel’s house, and maybe they should fix up Sam’s house sometime soon. Dean actually likes that idea, but there’s no point in saying that now; Sam’s unlikely to absorb any information while he’s this stream of chatty consciousness. He thanks Dean
Castiel’s hangover slowly starts to clear as Monday morning wears on, though his grouchy mood doesn’t. He gets several compliments on his nails, none of them sincere. Gabriel consoles him with “at least it’s not lime green”. He fetches lunch for the partners at the usual time and brings their meals to their respective offices, then heads back to his desk. He’s halfway there when Lucifer comes hustling up toward him. Oh, wonderful.
Sam’s busy cooking, but when he hears Dean and Castiel come into the kitchen he rushes over to greet them.
He doesn’t answer, but since he never responds to texts, Jo’s probably not expecting a reply anyway. He showers, changes, and then helps himself to the granola bars he bought at the vending machine in Kansas City. The address he has for Castiel Novak is six miles away, but Dean’s more than rested and ready for a walk. He brings his duffel bag with him, in case he decides to go straight to the bus station after he (hopefully) delivers his burden. There seems to be a city bus line running through this town, but Dean’s fine with walking. He did a lot of walking on the island, even after his shoes fell apart. Here the ground is even, he has comfortable shoes and socks, and sure the scenery is less objectively beautiful, but Dean will be fine not seeing any picturesque ocean views for at least the next decade, thanks.
After a few seconds, a gruff, annoyed voice comes on over the little speaker by the button panel. “Ed and Harry are gone, go check Ed’s mom’s house.”
“Because it’s the fucking weekend, and I came to your apartment because I thought I’d surprise you and take you and maybe Tessa to lunch?”
As I've said plenty of times, this story has been a bit of an emotional nightmare to produce and post, to the point where maybe I'm a little messed up from it, but there were so many scenes I wanted to share with people and I'm glad I finally got to see reactions to poly!Sam's tiny t-shirt and Cas running face-first into a wall, among other things.
Castiel does so, realizing a few moments too late that he could have done that in the privacy of his room. “Better?”
“Don’t tell me you’re here for seconds,” he says. He frowns when Castiel walks over to him. “You look fuckin’
Almost immediately, Castiel feels something fall on or against the bed. “Dean?” Castiel says, even though he knows Dean isn’t in the apartment. There’s no response, of course. Castiel turns his head left and right, which is silly, because he can’t
“All I’m saying...” Dean sighs, moving closer to Castiel so he can take one hand in his. “All I’m saying is, you know me better than almost anyone, Cas, but that doesn’t mean you know my every waking thought. And I wish… I wish you hadn’t assumed you couldn’t…
Castiel just shakes his head abruptly, like Dean does when he’s trying to kill a train of thought. He rubs his eyes and smiles at Dean.
Claire’s a competent enough driver, but she failed the written part of the exam when she took it last year, and she hasn’t tried again yet. It was just a couple of weeks before she came out, Castiel assumes she was perhaps a bit unfocused during the test.
It’s a pretty cool bar. It’s certainly bigger than Harvelle’s, and everyone is dressed a lot nicer. There are plenty of places to sit, decent music that Dean would never listen to on his own, and a lot of colorful and ridiculous looking drinks. Apparently they don’t serve food here, though, unless Dean wants to eat a jar of olives or maraschino cherries.
“It’s not forever,” she tells Castiel, “I just… don’t want to think about James for a while. Or Mom. But it’s okay if you wanna like… look at the photo albums or whatever by yourself. I know underneath your stoic exterior you’re just a big sentimental dope.”
interested in trying. He spends an hour or so transforming a document from a crayon scribbled pile of Gabriel-ese gibberish into something that can actually be given to business contacts, he goes on coffee runs, picks up Raphael’s dry cleaning, and scrubs exploded chili bits out of the microwave in the breakroom. All in all, a pretty regular day.
Dean falters as they walk to his car. He thought this was… date night. Just the two of them. He sure as shit didn’t get dressed up for Victor or Ketch. How are they getting out of a rut if they’re just hanging with the same old gang? Not that he
“That package was the only thing I had left to look forward to. I’d opened the other packages, and some of them were useful... the ice skates probably saved my life... and some of them were worthless. Papers and electronics or whatever. I opened maybe four packages on that first day, then started staggering them out, you know? It was such a relief when I found something useful, and so disappointing when I found something that wasn’t… so when I got down to the last package, I got scared. I started thinking… it was my last chance to feel those things, and... and once I opened that last package, that would just be it. I had no expectation or hope of being rescued, once that package was opened, I’d have nothing left to look forward to but… but
Castiel pushes the door open. “I hadn’t noticed this before, but you’re a bit of a dick, aren’t you?”
No, Castiel was most certainly not having sexy fun. He was sitting in the hallway between his and Dean’s apartments until at least three in the morning, listening to make sure Dean wasn’t screaming. Then he passed out and woke slumped against the wall with drool running down his face and Claire asking him why the hell he was sleeping in the hallway. Castiel is tired, sore, and in absolutely no mood for Gabriel’s teasing.
“Hannah had Hael out of wedlock, if that helps,” Castiel says. Dean looks over and his brows are furrowed. “Don’t tell Hannah I said that.”
Dean sags against the door frame. “He got carried away. Somehow we ended up at god damn Sparkle Junction.”
Dean stares at where Castiel’s hand is over his. “That’s true. Still living to fight another day, and uh… fix stuff.”
“Well, I feel safe with you too.” Dean has this urge to play footsie with Castiel under the table or some shit. But this isn’t a date. Just two guys sharing a meal and past traumas.
Dean brings their mouths back together, desperation clawing its way to the surface. There’s a spell cast on this room, he’s afraid of never having this moment again.
But even with the downsides, it’s worth it. It’s a strange, imperfect setup they’ve got going so far, but for the most part, it’s pretty awesome.
Castiel shakes his head. “That will destroy my sleeping schedule. I’ve made that mistake before. Slept all day on a Saturday, and come Sunday night I couldn’t get to sleep, which left me tired and agitated at work the next day.”
“Nah, this is better. I have a lot of catching up to do, might as well start now. Plus Thursdays are kinda my
“Uh… we’re going to go put shirts on,” Claire says when Dean’s grin turns to a glare in her direction. “Come on,” she says, pulling Kaia toward her room.
At this, Dean falters, pulling back and looking down at Castiel with a bit of panic. Castiel startles, pulling his hands away.
Castiel shrugs. “I didn’t either.” He swings his legs off the desk and stands, padding over to the couch with his notebook and pen in hand. His jeans have an ink stain on one thigh in the shape of Mickey Mouse. How’d that happen?
“Yeah.” Sam keeps inviting Dean to come along, but Dean’s hold on reality is just a bit too tenuous for something like dressing up as a warrior and pretending to battle a medieval magician in the park or whatever it is Sam does. “This is more important, though, so if—”
“Look, don’t worry if you feel overwhelmed and frantic the first few days, you’ll get the hang of it,” Rachel says. She lowers her voice a bit. “And don’t let the partners intimidate or bully you. Michael, Lucifer, and Raphael can be… rude, even scary, but all hiring and firing goes through Gabriel. Lucifer can
Dean finally notices Castiel gawking at him, and gives a friendly wave. His smile is unencumbered, cheerful even. It’s beautiful.
After a few minutes spent cleaning up and a change of clothes for Dean, they’re back on the couch, outright staring at each other.
Charlie’s Toad has three red shells, one of which she fires right into Dean. “Of course it’s a word.”
“You look really, really good like this, Cas,” Dean says. The bed dips on the right, and then Dean’s lips are pressing against Castiel’s, tender at first, then a little more demanding, then his tongue is in Castiel’s mouth and Castiel jerks in his simple restraints, body pulsing with want as he’s reminded that he can’t sit up, can’t put his arms around Dean, can’t
“Yeah well this is different hate. This is the kind of hate where I would definitely enjoy kicking him in the balls so hard they retreat inside his body and never come back out,” Dean says, snickering when he sees Castiel squeeze his legs together in sympathy.
He gets Dean’s door unlocked and runs inside as Dean screams yet again. Castiel’s heart lurches at the sound of Dean in so much pain. The door is wide open, and the apartment fills with light as Sam goes through the living room.
meal that Castiel had a hand in making can taste good, but it does. The meatloaf is flavorful, the potatoes are creamy and comforting, the gravy is hot and delicious. Castiel eats well, and at the end of the meal Dean sends him home with the waistcoat and leftovers for Claire.
Someone starts clapping, and Castiel turns to see Gabriel leaning against the wall, grinning. He’s in cargo shorts again, but he does have shoes on this time. Well, sandals. He’s also managed to find a t-shirt that matches his toenails.
school supplies. When I was a kid we got stuff like construction paper, and markers, and glue sticks. Nowadays it’s just… notebooks and pens and books.
talking about all the cool stuff your ex is into, jeez!” Claire barks, slapping the table then looking startled that she did so.
the tent. I had a little blanket fort and slept on the floor in my motel. Kind of worked. Thought it’d be weird to do that here, though. We just met.”
Jimmy’s family does not survive. Or rather, his marriage does not survive. The divorce is relatively quick, but it is
“Yeah, Sammy,” Dean says, clapping Sam on the shoulder. “More than that. Yeah, you spiraled bad, hit rock bottom, but you also came back. You’ve got a house, a steady job, a group of geeks you hang out with on weekends…”
That startles a laugh out of Dean, which inexplicably triggers his orgasm. He comes, whimpering and confused, making a mess on the sheets and almost immediately turning to jelly in Castiel’s arms.
Castiel smiles gently as Dean turns to face him. “If you’re asking if discussing your torture has obliterated my erection, yes. But I’m okay with that. Every time you share a story I know you just a little bit better, and knowing you is what I want.”
Sam looks down. “How did that even…” he unpins the nametag, pockets it. “So, do you know what you want, or would you like a little bit to decide?”
nice at first because he thought he needed to compensate for how others might treat me… he’s a dork. Even the positive reactions are kind of draining. I wish it was just… boring. Like… ‘oh, Claire is trans. Big whoop.’ I wish it could be like that. I don’t want to deal with everyone being weird.”
“No way, this is way more orange than that. This is prescription bottle orange, I feel like if I reach inside I’m going to come back with a handful of Xanax.”
They leave just a handful of days after Christmas. They don’t own all that much, a lot of Castiel’s furniture is still at Amelia’s house, and they never quite
choice,” Dean says. “I have one of these in my room, stained mahogany, though, not this cherrywood color.”
Everyone turns, trying to see whatever it is Tessa is seeing. “What? What is it?” Ketch says eagerly. He probably thinks some chick’s top has come off or something.
Dean’s eyes clear, and he smiles at Castiel with so much fondness that Castiel feels his heart skip a beat. “Thanks, Cas.” He stands and moves the bear and chocolates to the coffee table “Alright, come on,” he says, pulling Castiel to his feet. “Get your shoes on.”
It was more than fine. It was incredible. Dean hasn’t gone more than an hour without thinking about it for three fucking days.
They go to bed fairly early, but Castiel spends ninety minutes reading more from The Fellowship of the Ring while Claire lies on her side, curled up around her beige motel pillow.
“Don’t take this the wrong way, but you seem different.” Sam’s eyeing Dean suspiciously from across the table, though it’s hard to look directly at him when he’s wearing that fucking yellow shirt.
Dean responds with a smile of his own, though it’s much smaller and more fearful. God in Heaven, Castiel wants to kiss that dejected look off his face. “Nothing too exciting, hoped maybe you’d be in the mood for burgers… and I feel like watching Die Hard.”
“Not driving, taking the bus. My license expired, and the road is so… it’s real busy, you know? Not really ready for that even if I
to, and sees that d_w_1967 has posted eight stories. The longest one is eleven thousand words long, and the most recent one was posted just over five years ago. All eight stories are about Sheriffs Hunting Evil, and some of them are rated Adult... which is amusing because Castiel recalls Dean saying his fan fiction was
Claire watches Castiel for all of a minute before she apparently gets bored and wanders out to the living room. Castiel hears a soft meow, and glances up to see the white cat awake and nudging at Claire’s legs.
Dean feels tears coming, he’s not going to change Tessa’s mind, he needs this conversation to be over. “Okay. Okay, we’ll take a break. I’ll uh… I’ll go stay with Sam, or… or something.”
“Next weekend sounds perfect to me. I was thinking of borrowing my sister’s air mattress. Anna goes camping all the time, she has a great air mattress.”
Dean smirks. “If that’s the case, we can head there now. I’m the only one that left, party’s still going.”
Two weeks after that, Dean’s buying a pre-work hot chocolate at the Starbucks across the street from his office, as he almost always does on Mondays. Castiel is there, sitting at a table with the woman from the farmer’s market and looking like something chewed him up and spit him out. He’s got on
“Like maybe when I cross some more stuff off my list?” Dean says, fishing the list of tasks out of his back pocket.
Valentine’s Day rather sneaks up on Castiel, until Claire comes home late the night before, squeaking and squealing and screeching incoherently.
“Oh, oh God, I am… I’m…” Castiel covers his eyes with one hand. “I didn’t… I thought—” He turns to run out of the room, but since he has a hand over his eyes he runs right into the door frame, and then he’s on the floor, hand aching, blood gushing from his nose.
The basement comes back to life with Castiel’s improved mood and his typical burst of energy; the grass is tall, green, and crowded with white tulips, while vibrant forget-me-nots spill out of the planters hanging from the ceiling. The garden boxes at the other end of the room are an explosion of wild strawberries that look bright and appetizing.
“I knew I liked you for a reason. That was some grade-A sass there, Cassie,” he says, practically bursting with pride.
they hated each other.” Dean looks at Castiel thoughtfully. “Kinda surprised. Meg’s had a type since they divorced, and you ain’t it.”
Dean ducks his head shyly and points a thumb toward the kitchen. “Well, uh… let’s make some food, huh? Meat’s not gonna loaf itself.” He narrowly misses stepping on his cat as he turns to rush into the kitchen, but not before Castiel catches the blush forming on his cheeks.
At noon, Castiel goes to Dean’s apartment under the pretense of returning his tupperware containers and casserole dish. Claire’s friends
“You’re a true hero, Cas. Didn’t know they made boxer briefs that long,” Dean says, gesturing at the rather long orange pair Castiel is wearing.
Like they’re in fucking New York or some shit. They spend over an hour in line, talking, laughing, and looking pretty damn good in Dean’s opinion. Tessa’s co-worker Billie shows up, and Tessa makes a big show of introducing her to Victor. So apparently this is also a fixup for Victor’s chronically single ass. On the plus side, Billie apparently knows the guy in charge of letting people in, and she’s not there three minutes before they’re being waved inside. Ketch almost gets left outside, Dean has to work hard not to laugh.
Almost involuntarily, Dean licks his lips. Castiel’s eyes track the motion. Oh wow. How long has this been there? Why is Dean just noticing now? Why did Dean think this was one sided?
“I wouldn’t be against the idea. But… later. When we have a home, and I have a job, and I’ve maybe done some research.”
Maybe the guy that’s been with him through college, through Dean’s wedding, divorce, through Sam’s rehab, through his father’s funeral… maybe…
each other.” He nudges Castiel with his elbow again, as though Castiel might have missed the obvious meaning or the extreme emphasis in Dean’s voice.
“I don’t really want another job,” Castiel says blandly. Dean glances over at him, he’s staring out the window looking wistful. “That’s a secret, though. Don’t tell anyone about that.”
That’s definitely the harshest thing Dean’s ever heard Victor say about Ketch. It’s appreciated. “Yeah, pretty much.”
, oh that’s a much better idea. Castiel would very much like some ice cream. He throws his coat on over his sleep pants and Tweety Bird t-shirt, toes on his sneakers, and grabs his car keys before heading out to the elevator.
“No, my brother.” Castiel bites his lip, looking dissatisfied somehow. “I should, um… I should get to my lunch engagement.”
” Dean groans, palming at Castiel’s backside. “Yeah. Yeah, okay.” He dips his thumb into Castiel’s body briefly, and Castiel can feel him getting into place behind him.
Dean’s never been more offended. “You should see me in cowboy boots.” He glances over at Castiel, who’s suddenly staring intently at his Cuban sandwich. “I make em’ work, is all I’m saying.”
“Alright, Dean,” Castiel says, feeling all the tension of a week back with the godforsaken Men of Letters melt away, “how can I make it up to you?”
In the face of such joy, Castiel can’t in good conscience try to stand against this. “How much will I be expected to… participate?”
Tessa’s on the couch, angrily eating Dean’s bag of his favorite beef jerky. That shit costs twelve dollars, why couldn’t she eat something— okay, there are bigger things to worry about here. Even though she’s probably eating it to piss Dean off.
Okay, so it’s a casual thing, nothing to fret about. Castiel was just here yesterday, it’s not a big deal.
Jimmy glances at the brochure and shakes his head. “Absolutely not. I know what that place is, our child is not going into
and the doors open to reveal Dean. He’s in black sweats, and a gray t-shirt, and carrying a toolbox.
“It’s like a heist, only nothing was stolen. No one paid attention to him, no one knows where he works.
Chapter Warnings: Graphic child abuse, graphic violence, hospitalization, injuries mentioned, brief past death mention, child protective services involvement, willful child neglect, firearm, running away.
“Hey guys.” Jack says, looking up from his bowl of sugary cereal. “How was the motel?” he asks, taking a bite.
“Shit, sorry. I’ll just put this away, hun.” she says, uncocking the gun and dropping it in her small black purse.
Courage floods Dean’s veins as his so-called father looks like he’s about to take a swing at Bobby. “Just get the FUCK out, JOHN!” he screams confidently, stepping until he’s almost brushing shoulders with the man he loathes.
Dean grabs a beer from the fridge and sets a bottle of water on the counter for Castiel. Hearing his ringtone from the bedroom, he goes to check his phone.
Sam smiles, pulls a chair over behind him and Dean takes the signal and sits down beside Eileen. Sam carefully takes the baby from Eileen and then transfers her over to her Uncle Dean. He helps to move his arms into the correct, secure hold before letting go. “See, there you go.” He signs and says, stepping back to sit at the foot of Eileen’s bed.
Cas’ hand makes its way slowly down until it is just above the waistband of Dean’s jeans. The soft fuzzy hair of his happy trail wildly excites him. The thrill of this new sensation clouds his mind and it is hard to think of anything else. He starts moving his hand down farther when Dean lovingly takes his hand to stop him.
Sam gulps, then smiles softly. “I’ve missed you too. I’m sorry for what I said. I should have never-”
you taught us to fight against. You said that Lucifer is that father of all lies, when in fact, it was always
Bobby chuckles. “And you’d just be doin’ it out of the kindness of your heart, right?” he gives Dean a knowing look.
“I chose this life for all the wrong reasons. The life I’ve lived for the past 15 years...it’s been a lie. It took me breaking my vows to realize...I’ve been miserable. I chose this life out of fear. But I’m not scared anymore. So, thank you for that, Dean.”
Castiel stands up and hugs Gabriel, then pulls away grinning slightly as he feels a weight off his chest.
“Actually, a little but mainly I wanted to make you breakfast for being so nice and letting me stay over. I guess I fell asleep, sorry about that.”
Castiel steps closer and brushes his fingers through Dean’s hair. “I don’t suppose you’d change your mind?”
Digging his phone from his pocket, he orders some takeout. He gets a text notification that the moving truck will be there in an hour. This causes him to sigh with relief. ‘Thank god I’m done with that damn air mattress.’
Dean’s mouth is open, a shocked but totally turned on look on his face. He leans forward and repeats Cas’ actions. “You’re so fucking hot, Cas.”
They both pull away slightly. Castiel brushes his fingers along Dean’s jaw. Staring at his mouth then back into his eyes.
Dean walks over to Castiel, looking into his eyes. He leans in until his hot breath is against the Alpha’s lips. “I’m sure.”
“Yes, he did. And I thought that meant…” he shakes his head dismissively, “but it turns out it was just Dean being Dean. Just another death wish.”
Dean can’t deny the way a single touch from Cas sends electricity shooting down his spine. ‘I’ve gone this far, it’s too late to turn back now. He decides to just blurt it out. ‘No matter what, might as well give it a chance and see.’ he tells himself.
“You fuck me and fill me so good, Omega. Your dick feels so good in my ass. Can’t wait til you let me claim you and knot you til you’re full with my pups.” Cas says moaning.
“Uh, gimme just a sec, Sam. About to hop in the shower, so I’ll unlock the door so you can come in.” Dean quickly stuffs his dirty clothes in his bag and pulls out the clean clothes and hides the cash in the front pocket. He turns the water on all the way on hot, unlocks the door and jumps in, closing the curtain. “Okay you can come in, Sam.” Dean calls out. Feeling the water, he yelps as the cold hits him. Moving out of the stream, it turns to warm. Quickly adjusting it, he gets back beneath it letting the hot water run down his body. He closes his eyes and puts his head back as the door opens. He hears the stream as Sam pees. Wordlessly, he hears Sam put the toilet lid down and the door close back as he leaves. Dean lets out a sigh. He washes heavily scrubbing his skin before crying softly as he rinses off the filth from the night.
“We always just do the buffet. Fresh seafood, the steaks and burgers are made to order and all the comfort foods are homemade.” Charlie answers.
“We’ll lose.” Dean replies, dropping his gaze as he circles to the back of the chair. He looks back up towards Cas. “I just led us into another trap.” His face crestfallen, he laughs humorlessly. His voice begins to break, wrought with emotion. “All because I...I couldn’t hurt Chuck. Because I was
The slow, steady rhythm continues alternating moans. “Cas.” and “Dean.” breathlessly uttered in their pleasure. The pressure starts to build and their rhythm quickens. “Oh Dean.” Cas moans, as he wraps his hands around Dean’s thighs, pulling himself in faster and deeper. “Cas, I need…” Dean tries, panting. Then he tries again, without words. He pulls one of Cas’ hands away from his thigh, placing it on his own dripping member.
Trying to fight off feeling a little sad that he’s leaving, he speaks again. “Alright well, drive safe.” Already kicking himself for the lame ‘goodbye’, he turns to head back into the nonstop chaos that is sure to continue the rest of his night.
“I will, I promise. Oh, by the way, what was Ruby Marshall doing here? I had to wait for her to move before I could turn in.”
“Oh, Claire. I think part of the problem is that you’re idealizing my old life. It was not perfect. Your mother and I did not have a perfect marriage, and my old job was
“You should be worrying about how you got here. You let someone kiss you, maybe you wouldn’t have done that, if—”
He spends the first ninety minutes of his shift following a kind but impatient woman named Rachel around the office. She shows him his desk, gives him a tour, goes into his duties in detail, mentions a few upcoming office events, and so on. Essentially, Castiel is
“The old woman who helped me up told me her granddaughter was a big fan of me, and that not to worry, she wouldn’t tell little Becky that I fell down like that.”
He’s lurking by the entrance to the restaurant, scrolling through cab companies on his phone when Castiel comes out, flanked by his friends.
Dean smiles. His eyes are a little wet, but so are Castiel’s. “Me too. If it’s a solar powered satellite phone, I’m going to be
“Wow, Cas, that’s… I mean Pretty Woman is one thing, but I’m not sure…” Dean lets out a long, dramatic sigh. “Okay, I can handle this. Thank you for being up front with me.”
“I just keep staring at the screen and no words are coming out. I made character profiles for my new characters, an outline of plot points I wanted to hit… but I can’t seem to
He’s looking at it now, actually. It’s Friday night… well, Saturday morning, technically, but the picture on the tent wall is well lit by Dean’s lantern. Sam and Castiel are inside battling Voldemort or Sauron or whoever the bad guy in World of Warcraft is, and Dean opted to come outside and relax, because it’s a heated battle and the two of them have been yelling into their headsets since Castiel got here. Annoying, but it’s the kind of shit Dean still looks at as a gift these days, because he spent four years having no one to be annoyed with.
fuzzy and soft. And nice. And absolutely his favourite. “There are lots of different types of bumblebees,” he explains, glad to have someone to talk with about bees
The Human has light brown hair, which, like Castiel’s, looks difficult to tame—either that, or Dean didn’t exactly
“Where’s mom?” Dean asks, voice muffled by Ellen’s shoulder. With the trauma of the day, he sounds almost
It’s like a bullet has gone clean through Dean’s heart. He blinks in shock, and Ellen looks torn between being touched, and being terrified. Dean blinks again, mouth open. After everything—everything Dean told Castiel, and so recently, only
Two lanterns rest on either side of them, and the ruddy glass panes flicker with the light shed by pretty, dancing orange flames. Dean can’t decide where to look: at the beautiful simplicity of these, at the familiar, vast landscape ahead of him, or at the terrible loveliness of the Angel he is to be married to.
She shouted, face soaked with tears, hair damp, and the baby’s crying grew louder and still more maddening. Anna couldn’t tell whether she was screaming at her brother to take the infant back into his arms, or begging Abra Herself to pull the boy out of this life and return Ahava to it, in repayment.
“Nothing?” Castiel repeats, eyebrows raised. “From the day we met, you were the best comfort to me, in every sorrow.”
Castiel picks it up and puts it in his pocket, not trusting Dean with it, even though it’s already pretty much destroyed, spidery lines cracked across its surface.
“Perhaps you’ve erased it from your memory entirely, simply out of the sheer terror of the moment,” the Angel’s expression turns arrogant. Dean’s ribs ache with the sharp rate of his heart.
“Thought I’d come and visit,” he shrugs. “Only when I got home, dad said you’d all gone here to play, like,
“Yeah, pretty much,” Meg chuckles, lifting her knees to her chest and hugging them. “Yours first, mine second—”
girl, who could not even recognise a King when he walked into you—you think you have the right to ask
his sense of place in the necessity of the work he was doing, the fact that already, Bobby and all the household were relying on him. Not anymore. He misses the beating sun and flat expanses of his home, back when it felt as though he had grown roots into the earth just like everything he planted.
And has Ellen been camped out in the kitchen, waiting for the moment Dean crumbles and returns the spirits to her? It certainly seems it.
“No?” Dean raises his eyebrows. “Well, you’re still letting me win. It’s patronising as all hell. Stop it.”
His tone is cautious, and he takes anxious steps towards the younger Angel. This doesn’t put Castiel any more at ease.
When Castiel is playing board games with Jack, Dean approaches, leans over, and whispers advice in Cas’s ear. His lips actually
Castiel’s hand, beautiful and firm and gentle and rough and weathered by years of devoted work, moves to Dean’s chest, resting there over his heart, which beats steady and sure and hard.
But Charlie hugs him, tight and more enthusiastic than Dean could have hoped, far more tight and enthusiastic than Charlie’s size would suggest possible.
Eofor—the oldest of all the four; is said to be where mankind first originated. It is where the Angels witnessed the birth of humanity from on top of their mountains, and, for a time, came down from their dwellings to assist and to guide the Humans through all things.  Eofor is the kingdom situated furthest from the sea of Cerydien—and so is the safest place for humans to settle if protection from the Demons is what they desire. Since the first kingdom, Humans have only strayed closer to the boundaries marked out by the great sea; closer to the borders of the Demon Nations. Dean has visited Eofor only once before; when he was a very young boy. This was just following the death of his mother and the outbreak of the war with the Demons.
The walk back through the hospital happens in a daze—Castiel grabs some more coffee at the café, more grateful for its existence than ever, and gets in his car. As he does, he sits on something hard and rectangular.
He never thought he would have to live, conscious of his loss. He thought speaking and being would be his last: after that, no more speaking, no more being. Perhaps it was cowardly. Now, all he can do, is build, build well with Jack, a place worthy of Dean Winchester.
hottest,” Isaac corrects, and wraps his arm around Tamara, whose eyes widen even as she swats him away, wrinkling her nose. But when Isaac turns back to Dean, she beams into her food.
“S—Sir Alastair,” Dean stammers out, and can barely glance reassuringly to Bobby with the promise to take the blame for this, for all of this, because he’s so afraid. But he does glance, and when he does glance, Bobby is looking pale in a way which makes Dean’s gut lurch with fear for the man’s welfare. If Alastair decided to make this a legal affair, Bobby might not survive the stress of it. Dean’s chest rattles with fear.
Cas would say Dean deserved to live as himself, to unclamp and relax his jaw. To settle into the steady softness which is living in the truth. Lying ties you around yourself. Even if the lies are just omitting the truth. Cas said happiness was in being. Not a destination. Well, that gives Dean some hope: he’d worried he’d be driving at the weary road of life forever, never seeing the end-point of peace or joy. But Cas didn’t say it was in the journey, either. It’s something less tangible and knowable than that. So what is it? If it isn’t a where?
Dean swallows thickly as he picks himself up and sits back in the car. His hair, which had been beginning to dry, is completely soaked again from hanging out the window, and Castiel removes his gaze—however reluctantly—from the droplet after droplet that chase themselves down his neck in irregular movements.
He knows that Jimmy is seeing and talking to Dean, regularly, and this makes him taste a bitter tang of resentment. And… jealousy?
“To Daniel,” Castiel answers simply. He wishes that Dean would drop it, would stop trying to force conversation. Why is he trying to do so, anyway? It’s too late; it’s nine years of total silence too late.
The Angel looks more troubled than he did before, and more tired. Dean recognises the look. His father has worn it almost every day for the past fourteen years.
“But don’t let those memories mire you in doubt,” He continues. “My dad loved you. I have to remind myself that he loved me, and I him, when I get to thinking that way. And he knew that, and he had two teenage sons before I was a teenager, and knew what they were like. Not rising to being lashed out at—that’s part and parcel of fatherhood. He was a good dad—but, also, he was so happy to be a dad. Even in those moments. Remember that.”
Jack gives him a funny kind of look that says he know exactly what Dean just did, and isn’t fooled by it, and
Michael nods—except no, he doesn’t—and Castiel loathes the thought that his brother is settling with feeling disappointment in Castiel, rather than anything else—even anger.
Mr Singer huffs out a laugh and raises his shoulders in an odd gesture which, Dean guesses, is meant to resemble a shrug.
Sam has stood, and shakes Roberts hand when it’s offered to him. Adam does the same, and introduces himself, but Mr Singer treats him as though he already knows the boy as well as Dean.
“You know, it’s funny,” Castiel frowns, “after observing humanity for the entirety of its existence, I’d never noticed that you needed to eat. Surprising I missed it—it’s such a big detail—”
“The matter really was quite urgent, to my understanding. My King apologises for any inconveniences caused, but begs you would attend—”
“How else?” Dean asks, chest bound tight so that breath comes out stabbing and staggered. “How else might you say you love me, without
“Hello, Cas,” Dean grins as soon as he spots the Angel approaching. It warms something inside of Castiel to know that his presence has provoked such an unabashed, happy expression. Dean’s hair is mussed and a veil of sweat shines on his forehead, a couple of hairs cling down to it. “Thank you for today, you can leave us, now,” Dean smiles and nods to the battle-scarred man Castiel assumes to be his instructor, who bows to Dean and sheaths his sword.
Dean hopes it’s too dark to see him blushing. “I can’t say I exactly know you well, but what I saw at the bar… didn’t seem like you.”
Jimmy smiles. “None taken. Maybe we both could stop being James. Head somewhere new, start fresh. Be who we want to be. We could visit the courthouse tomorrow… have new identities by the end of the year.”
What an appalling amount of money for a casual office wager. “Well good news, then. You’re all wrong, it’s for a platonic friend.” The partners all groan in disappointment, and Castiel looks at Lucifer. “I don’t understand how you got this wrong, I
Castiel shrugs and sets his notebook and pen down. “I guess. Unless you have some ideas for the show tonight.”
“Yeah, that doesn’t surprise me. He hates his birthday. You know how some people are. He’s gonna hate this, and the fact that I’m gonna drag him out for dinner and bowling later, but he’ll live.”
with someone. That wasn’t ever something people Dean knew talked about, before. Anxiety in general wasn’t something people Dean knew talked about, it certainly wasn’t something Dean thought about before. No one back home is on medication for depression or anxiety.
“You could take a vacation, laze around, be my kept man,” Castiel says, leaning over to kiss at Dean’s jaw.
“Yeah, I mean… right now all I’m doing is hiding from my friends and wasting money, I could do that just as easily in Lawrence, you know?”
Castiel’s naked body pressed against the icy glass, his wrists pinned just over his head by one of Dean’s hands, Dean driving into him from behind.
“He and my dad used to be in business together at that place… and the logistics of it kind of go over my head, but basically Crowley screwed my dad out of a lot of money, and his share of the business. Crowley’s good at loopholes. And getting what he wants. And saying ‘fuck you’ to a business partner in the name of lining his pockets. My dad didn’t have the resources to fight him in court, so… instead he’s been building the new place up for the past several years. Lost a lot of money in the process, wasn’t out of the red until last year.”
Dean pats Castiel’s hip. “Same, for future reference.” He nudges at Castiel with what feels like a pillow, and Castiel doesn’t understand. “Up, up,” Dean says until Castiel lifts his hips.
“If you could stop undressing her with your eyes,” he hisses while Claire fiddles with some brochures, “I would appreciate it.”
They spend Friday checking out places for rent in the area. It’s a bit discouraging, as it turns out. Some places are too far from schools and stores for Castiel’s liking, one place is
“That’s actually a fair point. I guess most of our interacting has just been in daily texting sessions… uh… not that that’s
Claire is a young woman in a relationship with another young woman, so condoms hadn’t actually crossed Castiel’s mind. He supposes he thought if Claire identifies as female she wouldn’t be… using… dear Lord, Castiel is so very out of his depth.
, second, I’m not celebrating him, I’m celebrating Christmas. The gooey, colorful, musical, commercial holiday. The amalgamation of centuries of mutating and evolving traditions.”
“I’m going to take care of it by suggesting you suck it up and eat the lunch you already have.” He pauses, then adds, “Big Daddy Luci.”
Castiel kisses his way up the scar on Dean’s arm, then kisses Dean on the cheek. “I’m glad you made it through.”
“I think about the guy I used to be, and I can describe him, I can picture him, you know? Brash, funny if I do say so myself, commitment issues, dead mom issues… loving, kind of a dick sometimes. That’s how I’d describe him. I know him, I remember him, but I’m not sure how much I connect to him. And those pieces are all still there, but there’s all these new pieces too, and they form a completely new and different picture.” Dean sighs. “I want to be the guy they remember, the guy I remember, but I can’t do that without pretending, and I don’t want to pretend.”
“Sorry! I didn’t… Kaia wrote a gross limerick, and I wasn’t paying attention… but now I am. What happened?”
so he’s just going to be cold. He wraps his arms tightly around himself, staring up into the dark tree branches he can make out with light from some streetlights in the area. It’s not as quiet as Sam’s backyard; there’s distant traffic, and someone a few houses away has their television up really loud, but it becomes white noise after a few minutes.
Everyone groans, and Alex chucks a balled up napkin at Claire’s head. Castiel smiles. It was never like this back in Illinois. Even when Claire had a friend over, it wasn’t so lively, so joyful. This building, the friends Claire brings from school, it feels like a warm, welcoming community, the sort of thing Castiel used to expect Claire would find in their old church.
? Who on earth is Alastair? God, Castiel wishes he could have Dean sleep in his bed, so he can watch over him, wake him if there’s another nightmare. But he doesn’t say any of that. Instead, he smiles.
They’ve been out for two weeks. A werewolf hunt just outside Tulsa, a shapeshifter in Omaha, a wendigo that’s somehow ended up in Flathead National Forest.
“Okay, well… I gotta go serve these, they’re expecting them across the hall. Don’t want anyone to come knocking.”
“Michael Novak,” the man says, holding his hand out. Dean takes the offered hand and shakes it, mind instantly wondering if he’s shaking it for too long or too short. How long are handshakes supposed to last, exactly? There’s probably a page on Wikipedia that could tell him. “And you are?” Michael adds.
At first Castiel is confused, because why wouldn’t he be? But after a moment he understands why Dean is asking, and he nods. “You’re very considerate.”
of his work, so they’re not awkwardly starstruck, though Benny does talk Castiel into taking a photo with him so he can blow his daughter’s mind later.
“Yeah, buddy, I know. Hold on.” Dean disappears into the kitchen and comes back with a bag of frozen corn. He holds it to the bridge of Castiel’s nose, smiling affectionately.
“Not sure… today, tomorrow… soon. My life’s kind of on pause right now, but… I just need to be somewhere that feels safe, I guess. Uh, emotionally safe, if that makes sense.”
“But you know they’re wrong, right?” Claire says, voice slightly pleading. “You didn’t fail me. I was in a dark place, Dad… a
They hit a couple of stores, and as much as Jimmy would love to buy everything in every store for Claire, he just doesn’t have it in his savings. They buy makeup and sports bras that are on sale, and some things that apparently are meant to pad Claire’s bras. They look like uncooked chicken. They hit secondhand clothing stores to augment Claire’s wardrobe. Claire doesn’t load up on pink clothes or frilly dresses like Jimmy was sort of expecting, but she does branch out beyond the baggy jeans and shirts she’s been favoring ever since Jimmy and Amelia started letting her pick her own clothes. She gets closer fitting tops in a variety of colors, jeans with cute patterns embroidered on the back pockets, lots of purple. The only hiccup comes when Claire realizes she needs to see how the clothes look over a stuffed bra, and she has to try everything on again once Jimmy makes a trip to the car.
On the drive out of Wichita, Dean finds himself driving past Tessa’s apartment out of habit, which is vaguely amusing until he notices Ketch’s motorcycle in his parking space as he goes. His heart sinks just a little, but he keeps driving.
Dean’s staring down at his hands, but he nods. “I know. I’m scared, though. It’s not like I’m afraid they’ll stop loving me, I just… hate the idea of letting them down by not being who they used to know.”
Mary frowns, probably trying to remember who the hell Tessa is. Dean’s pretty sure they’ve only met once in all this time.
Dean finally breaks the silence. “I didn’t think you had those kinds of feelings for… for… you know. Guys.”
Castiel sighs with relief. “Thank you Gabriel, that—” He narrows his eyes. “Because telling the others now would cause you to lose a bet?”
He shouldn’t have let Castiel kiss him. He shouldn’t have let it go on so long. He knows. Freebie lists are all well and good, but no one really expects to be confronted with that opportunity. If Tessa had gone off to fuck one of the guys on her list… there’s no way Dean would have felt okay with that. Dean’s in the wrong here, he knows.
“Alright, yeah, that one’s on me. But to be fair, Malachai is a dick, and him shitting his pants was hilarious. Come on, kiddo. Catharsis is good for the soul. I’ll keep my yap shut.”
He stares at the contact list on his phone. Sam, Tessa, his mom, Charlie, Benny, Garth, Jo, his father, his always busy half-brother Adam, Victor— Actually, Victor seems like a good choice.
“It feels like failure.” Castiel eats a forkful of his food as Dean sits, and for a moment the troubled scrunch in his eyebrows fades. “You used gruyere.”
“Yeah, I know you suggested sending it on its way, but part of me always wanted to deliver it myself, you know? Kinda want to see what’s inside, and… in a weird way, I guess I want to meet Castiel.”
The stoplight turns green, and instead of continuing toward his apartment Dean makes a right and pulls over next to the bus stop.
Castiel makes this weird happy little squeaking noise that Dean is instantly infatuated with. “I’m also bringing food, do you have any allergies?”
reason… dumb… and I took to the army real well, Cas. They treat you like dirt in basic, but when you’re good, when you
