"Sherlock I swear...," John trailed off as he began to sketch while trying to ignore the resurgence of his boner.
"Stay still," said John. He tried incredibly hard not to touch himself. The faster he'd get the drawing done the faster he could get to Sherlock. In just that little span of time he had sketched out the neck and shoulders. Both places where he had left countless amounts of love bites and kisses; and on John's neck and shoulders, Sherlock had done in return.
They stood outside without a soul to accuse them. Holmes moved in on Watson and kissed his neck smoothly. Watson grabbed him by the hip and collided their bodies together as he caressed Holmes's face.
Sherlock's cheeks steamed with shock and legs pinched feeling like television static. "All I needed was one word Sherlock, just one. I would have waited for you forever if need be." John sniffled now, as a tear started to break loose from his eye. "I've told you repeatedly, I don't care how you did it I wanted to know why; why did you bloody do it in the first place, huh?" John turned in his direction and started walking towards the detective slowly cornering him in.
It wasn't till the day of Holmes's Reichenbach Fall that all Watson's feelings seemed to dormant themselves in the back of his mind. Watson tried to believe that his beloved Holmes would return but his patience was wearing thin by each day. Without a silver of hope left to grasp he was forced to move on.
Sherlock's eyes became clouded, "I did it for you." He blinked hoping John wouldn't notice the water brimming at his eyelids. "Up on the roof that day I made a deal with the devil. I had the choice to either kill myself or let you die. If I would have chosen differently I would have had to bury you. There was no way I was going to let that happen," he said with cold quiet sincerity. He took a deep unsteady breath, "of course I had a plan but it wasn't foolproof, there was no guarantee I was going to make it out of there alive. I was prepared to die for you if it would have come to that."
"I am no Holmes without my Watson," Holmes said. Watson turned to him, "You know we mustn't, I married her to keep you safe."
"I've always had a natural talent for it, and yes, I used it often during the war as an escape. I'd draw all the time just to make the days go by faster." Sherlock smiled softly at him bringing his face closer to John's, "why didn't you tell me?"
Sherlock ran a quaking hand through his curls, "oh John I had no idea," he said in his low baritone voice. John was inching closer to him and thinking to himself how such a smart man as Sherlock could also be so incredibility thick at the same time.
That was all the invitation John needed before he picked Sherlock up and slammed him down on his chair. Sherlock straddled his legs around John just like always before he consumed John's lips and unbuttoned his shirt.
Holmes touched his forehead to Watson's letting out a shaky breath. Watson opened his mouth about to form a sentence but there was a knock at the door.
The early morning of the wedding was a frigid one. Watson was awake not because of wedding jitters but because he would be able to see the one he truly loved.
Sherlock unhitched himself from his current position and got up to see John's good work. He kneeled down resting his palms on the floor for a moment to strengthen his legs. When he lifted his palms, his hands were littered with charcoal and blemishes of paint. Sherlock took the pad in his hands and covered his mouth, studying it.
"I'm sorry." John looked him deeply in the eyes. Sherlock's eyes were glassy and pretentious. John could see right through his lukewarm stance just by the riven and shattered story his eyes explained to him. He was genuine and soft with his words truly meaning them.
"God I'm so sorry," said Sherlock halting to get a good look at John and to course his hand up and down the middle of his lovers back. "What have I done."
"Ah," Sherlock stammered over and over as he neared closer to coming. John rolled his thumb across the head of Sherlock's cock, feeling the pre-come ooze out of it. John kissed and bit of his bottom lip giving it a light tug, while Sherlock breathed large gulps of weak air in the mouth of the man draining his adrenaline.
"How are you with anatomy?" Sherlock challenged as he shed and dropped his gown to the floor exposing his smooth naked body.
John's erection started to deflate. Before he got up Sherlock pulled and captured his lips for a passionate and long kiss, "my body is for your eyes only." John eyes flickered with lust and his body tingled with the need to touch.
"There you go Michelangelo," Sherlock taunted as he shed the rest of John's shirt, leaving black streaks from his fingers down his chest and kissing it passionately.
Holmes barely released the words without a stutter. He lifted his finger straight for Watson to forever claim him as if he hadn't already. Watson tried to place the ring on Holmes's finger but alas it wouldn't fit. Watson scoffed and pulled away in pain, wiping his watered eyes on his sleeve. "Of course it doesn't fit," Watson said with anger and utter disbelief in his voice. He kicked the dirt on the ground trying to keep his temper under his thumb.
Sherlock interlaced his long thin fingers in between John's holding on tightly as his brought his lips closer to John's finally feeling like he was wanted by the man he had always been devoted to. Both of their bodies were in sync with the way they relaxed and at last the feeling of tension between them began to diminish; forgetting the events of the past, and not caring about anything other than each other and living soulfully in the moment. "I'll never ever forgive her for that," John said ghosting his hand over Sherlock's covered bullet wound that he couldn't help but feel that he caused. "I'm sorry for that too," John added with tenderness in his voice.
Watson licked his lips while looking into Holmes's kaleidoscopic eyes and holding his hand carefully in dim light on the drafty flat. He was aroused by everything that was happening at this moment. The delicate hand holding, the strong arm holding his back, and how close their lips were from touching and how much he wanted reunite them once again. The sentiment of his hidden love for his Holmes had returned in a full blaze of the passion he thought he forgotten. He had forgiven him in this moment for all the wrong and the sorrow that he had inflicted on him in just a matter of moments.
Sherlock nodded his head with a weakness in his voice, "I want this as much as you do." Ella got up from her chair walking towards the door with John following close behind her. The walk down the halls to their destination seemed like it consumed them with every step without a point of return. John's head was spinning trying to compile all the things he was forced to admit. He had no idea where to start; he imagined Sherlock felt the same. Both John and Sherlock stepped into the room with Ella nodding at John before she sealed them in. The air was stolen from John's lungs, he couldn't breath. He wanted to escape but there was no where to run from your feelings no matter how hard you tried to fight them.
A flashback of Sherlock jumping off the building briefly flashed through his mind making him clench his fists. John was like a loaded gun with four years worth of ammunition clogging the barrel and begging to be fired. "You brought light back into my life. You made it worth living and for you to just be taken away from me like that..." he sniffed in his rage the best he could avoiding Sherlock's icy gaze at all costs. "I can't even tell you how many times I lay awake alone at night thinking of the my gun in the drawer of my side table."
Soon after, carrying a covered plate with scones (and nicking two which he stuffs into his small pack), Sherlock slips out of Ellie’s front door and walks the short distance to the Warrintgons’ house. As suspected, a reception committee has already gathered in the hall. Daniel stands there, with Christopher behind him and Tom next to him (
Sherlock shook his head, worrying his lower lip thoughtfully. “Possible, but I doubt it. If it really was murder, and it certainly looks like more than an accident, it must have been committed for another reason. Even though the bomb damage was quite substantial, do you remember anything unusual about the shop?”
He gave each of the girls a pointed look until eventually, Emma sighed and shoved the hay bale out of the way. “I told you he’d find us,” she said to Anne, looking tired and dejected, her formerly defiant expression gone.
“Also, I saw you dance in the garden,” goes on Mrs. Hudson, her eyes twinkling. “And when you arrived here today, you were smiling at each other like besotted idiots all the time. Men just can’t be subtle about these things. Or anything, on account of most of them being idiots. I’m glad you sorted it out between you, though, instead of pining across the table like you used to before your London trip.”
Overall the room makes a cluttered and somewhat untidy impression, and Sherlock shares Molly’s assumption that Jennifer looked through her things in a hurry. Several pairs of stockings and two lacy pairs of knickers lie on the bed coverlet, as well as a rose-coloured negligé and what looks like the contents of a small handbag or purse: lipstick, some handkerchiefs (two of them monogrammed), a small notebook and pencil, a cigarette lighter, a tin with mints, a packet of American chewing gum. A round box with face-powder has fallen off the bed, opened, and rolled under it, leaving a fine trail on the rug. The drawers of the chest have been opened but not closed properly again, the middle one apparently jammed and stuck in the process. Something pastel-coloured and lacy is peeking out of it. Apparently Miss Wilson stored her underwear or lingerie in the drawers.
John takes a deep breath. “A stage win would be nice, preferably after a breakaway. That’s my specialty, after all. There are a few stages where I might stand a chance, but I’m a realist, too. I don’t really believe it’s going to happen.”
“Just a moment. The light isn’t very good here ...,” mutters Molly. “Right ... The postcard is fairly recent, from either this year or the last. I can make out 194 ...I think it’s a 1 at the end. The postal stamp is smudged there, right on nasty Adolf’s face. Serves him right. Sorry. The date is some time in February, and the town of origin ... I think it’s Köln – Cologne. There’s a drawing of a coat of arms on the front of the postcard, the spire of a church or cathedral, and a bit of river. The coat of arms is adorned with some kind of funny hat on top of it, set at a jaunty angle. The coat of arms shows a white field with ... ah ... eleven black flames, or drops, or something similar. Above them are three crowns on a red field.”
He holds out his hand, and John shakes it. With a spark of joy, Sherlock notices how John scans Daniel very carefully and not without suspicion. One foot out of line, and John is there to step on it.
The sea is calling to him. Gulls are sailing on the stiff breeze that is moaning and rushing in the trees and sending a flurry of cherry-blossom over the hedge that surrounds the garden. But granddad locked the gate in the high, wall-like privets, and try as he might, Sherlock doesn’t manage to pick the lock. The hole in the hedge the fox made last year has been boarded up as well, and moreover Sherlock has grown too much to squeeze through. The shed is locked, too, so he can’t fetch the stepladder, which is a little too heavy for him to carry on his own, anyway.
They won’t be able to chase him on their BMX bikes there, they’ll have to run and he’s got a good head start. Grinning to himself, Sherlock grips his equipment more tightly and begins to seek a way through the nettles to reach the old plank that serves as a makeshift bridge across the ditch. A brief struggle later, he has safely made it onto the road, albeit with legs stinging from the nettles. He dashes across the road and looks for a hole in the dense hedge on the other side. A narrow tunnel that looks like it was made by some kind of animal, a fox, maybe, is just big enough for him to crawl through. Behind it, a large, sunny pasture extends to the distant grove. Sherlock scrambles through the scratchy tunnel. The meadow isn’t empty. Cattle are grazing there, most of them lying in the shade of some solitary oaks chewing the cud and eyeing him solemnly. He hopes they’re not Farmer Roberts’ dreaded bulls. He’s heard stories about them and doesn’t wish to encounter them in person. Then again, he’d rather face the bulls than his cousins. But these animals look docile enough. He decides to stay as close as he can to the fence and the hedge that runs alongside, ready to duck under it should the animals decide to attack him.
John feels his heartbeat pick up, wondering what James is driving at. “So, rehab is going well?” he asks.
Sherlock nodded, his face set hard as he raised his eyes to meet his friend’s. “That week, I had finally managed to gain access to a circle of people high up in the hierarchy of Moriarty’s remaining organisation. Those pulling the strings, those with the money, the contacts, the connections: managers, politicians, international magnates, you name them. I had received permission to join them at their gaming tables, pretending to be an up and coming film producer with the perfect business for them to invest in to launder their dirty money. Things went well for a few days. I listened to their talk at various gaming tables and during the parties following the gambling, storing as much information as I could about them and their backgrounds. I soon learned that one of them had actually functioned as Jim’s advisor in all things South American: drugs, gold, emeralds, beef. He had a hand in every pot. I needed to get a copy of his address book, his contacts.”
Sherlock snorted. John gave him a quick glance, and was pleased to see a faint smile glittering in his eyes, which Sherlock closed the moment he felt John’s gaze on him.
Molly swallows at this speech and looks sufficiently cowed. Sherlock suppresses an eye-roll. A brief glance at his four colleagues reveals their equally wry amusement. Yes, security is tight at the park, and yes, ‘Loose Tongues Cost Lives’ as the posters and leaflets scattered all over the place remind one on a daily (well, hourly) basis, but people do take their jobs seriously and it’s in nobody’s interest (apart from that of potential German spies and their allies) to blab about ‘Station X’.
Sherlock chuckles. “Yes, that was a bit not good – what I remember from that part of the evening, at least. I’ve never been so drunk before in my entire life.” He frowns, trying to remember the evening in every detail. Unfortunately, there are gaps in his memory due to inebriation and fitful sleep. “They had an interesting egg-shaped chair.”
“But what are they digging for, and why cover it up again?” wondered John. “With the bracken on top of the tarpaulin, the site would be completely hidden from casual passers by, such as there are here. It’s not a major thoroughfare in any case, this little path.”
Downstairs, Mrs. Hudson opens the door. Sherlock has informed her about John’s arrival. She seemed pleased about the potential new lodger – and no wonder. Sherlock may have praised John quite extensively.
Moriarty bends his dark eyes on Wiggins. “Oh, I wouldn’t be so sure about that,” he says softly. His tone and expression send a shiver down John’s back that has nothing to do with the cold wind whistling over the carpark.
A significant amount of time had passed until John looked up at the clock with the night closing in around him.
"God I've missed you Sherlock," Watson whispered, memorizing the eerie outline of Holmes's tall figure.
"Show me. Right now." Sherlock shifted in his stance with that sickly look returning to his expression and his skin turning paler than usual.
He took a deep shaken breath like always before he was about to release something that would change the whole tone in the room. He looked out the window and watched the ominous clouds eat the layer of the hopeful blue sky, replacing it with only a hinted shade of grey; a lot like the grey John felt had consumed his heart.
"I guess I'm not the only one who's been dirty," said John as he got up from on top of Sherlock to clean his hands, upper half, and face. Sherlock smiled with a laugh, not denying his statement. Sherlock looked down at his cock coated with come, charcoal and paint. Sherlock rolled over in his chair as he watched John cleanse himself.
They were unsure of what the next step was going to be. They were also scared that they wouldn't be able to express sentiment this easy and let alone be together, but for now they were to live in the moment and they were going to ventilate their rekindled love in any way they could.
Sherlock bowed his head slightly and smiled from John's romantic comment. "I plan to hold yours just as firmly." John smiled with a thankful expression.
He was finally starting to enjoy himself until he heard a ping again come from his phone and as he watched the sun dip behind the buildings of the city.
"I know you can do better," Sherlock growled. John tugged faster, hearing Sherlock's hitched breath pant in his ear. Sherlock rubbed John's crotch and slipped his hand in John's trousers.
As he strolled up the stairs he could hear the quiet undertones of Sherlock's violin grow louder as he ventured further up the incline. He pushed open the door to find Sherlock swaying with his violin in hand while wearing his dressing gown. The rest of the flat was dark while the sitting room was lit with dim light illuminating both of their chairs and with a raging fire crackling in the fireplace.
This wasn't a game anymore. This was John Watson and he wasn't playing any longer. And this time, this time only, Sherlock wasn't either. He was going to give John the closure he needed, as well as what he needed for himself, no matter how much it would put their friendship in danger.
It was true Watson could never love Holmes as deeply as the past because he had honestly grown feelings for another through that harsh time of Holmes's lose. He knew Holmes still loved him but Watson was nearly sure he didn't love him the same.
Watson had tears in his eyes but he shed his tears for someone else. Holmes grabbed him by the shoulder as a sign of forgiveness. He grieved too with Watson's words driving through his heart like bitter poison.
"And if something would have happened, I would have never forgiven myself," Sherlock said with an impulse to grab John's hand. "How bad did they hurt you?" John pleaded. "...in Serbia." Sherlock seemed to wince at the question. "Doesn't matter, it seems I've hurt you more than they could have ever hurt me."
It was time for the vows. Watson took a deep breathe, "my dearest," he began to say before he stole a limited glance in Holmes's direction hoping that Holmes would understand that what he was about to express was all for him.
Although they could not publicly display their heated affection in such an open setting, their love for one another still flowered into devoted commitment no matter how much the world would try to prevent them.
Ella scanned his face and body. He looked older and more tired than he had since their last session. The golden brown in his eyes had hollowed, his lips were dry and cracked, and his hand unconsciously grabbed for the cane he had given up the moment he met Sherlock.
The next day John sat at the clinic thinking of nothing other than Sherlock. He couldn't believe the night before he had agreed to draw that beautiful man. Secretly John had drawn Sherlock before; he was an exceedingly frequent muse of his.
"Oh...she's fine." John took a pause and lightly smiled to himself. "Yeah, lots of crying, noise, and a whole lot of work but she's fine," the man said running his hand stressfully down his face.
"John, you need to let these things out. Something's bothering you, you wouldn't be here if there wasn't a problem," John's therapist Ella confirmed with a pen in her hand and another almost completely filled notebook, with notes from only John's sessions on her lap. John twiddled with his thumbs on his knee trying to get as relaxed as possible but his inner tension was too deep for any type of tranquilly.
"And your hands," Sherlock ran over and kneeled down to John sitting in his chair taking his hands in his. He massaged his fingers over John's own and felt his palms. "Rough, like an artist." John laughed again squeezing Sherlock's palms tighter.
"Neither do I, but you're the great Sherlock Holmes, you'll figure it out," John said grabbing him by the nape of his neck and colliding their foreheads together. John looked into the taller man's magnifying and kaleidoscopic eyes studying him as much as he observed people; he loved this man to an untamed level. Sherlock looked equally fondly down at his blogger seeing the wear and tear marks he had left forever embedded in his soft aging skin. He finally understood what he had gone through and he had never felt such deep penance for his actions. When he said he was sorry, he meant it with all the heart he thought didn't exist before he met John.
Sherlock was stiff. He had imagined it being said so many times and in so many different ways, he never dreamed it would be said like that; so heartsick. The words seemed to be as though they had been sitting on a shelf collecting dust, so severely unspoken for years on end. Sherlock felt cumbersome in the legs and his heart thumped out of his extremely tight chest.
He sketched every piece of it in breathtaking detail. He was very good to be honest; a quality he was quite proud of having but not too keen of sharing. Only a few people in his life knew of his extraordinary talent, he wasn't a show off.
"When your body completely indulges and your hips can't control their movements. As you fuck my mouth while my lips and tongue pull up and swirl the head of your cock."
John smiled tenderly as he put down his pencil to go and kiss the man he loved. Sherlock stretched his arms gripping his fingers onto the back of John's neck as his head fell backwards.
John's stomach tightened with his knees shaking and his head heavy. "I loved you Sherlock and still do," John said sensitively his eyes darting into Sherlock, scared by what he was going to say next.
"Such gifted hands," Sherlock said as he moved John's palm against his lips. Sherlock leaned over and kissed John's neck wetly, and suddenly in his ear he whispered, "use them on me."
John wondered what that man was doing right now. He again missed him terribly, he wanted to go home right now and take Sherlock as he was. Just to show and reassure him how much John truly loved him. John's shift ended at nine o'clock which meant he'd get home at about nine fifteen. The time didn't slip away fast enough.
John set the sketchbook on his lap and positioned the pencil in his hand as he watched Sherlock fidgit in his chair. John smiled as Sherlock relaxed into what he wanted.
"Wait until I came back," Sherlock said muffled in John's neck. "Only if you would have told me. I would have waited my entire life if it came to that." John wedged his palm under Sherlock's chin beckoning his eyes to meet his. "Look at me." Sherlock slowly lifted his head, "I've made a horrendous mistake in marrying her. It was a whirlwind thing, I was so sure of it, thought this was it but, being with you again just the two of us against the rest of the world, I couldn't have been more wrong."
As he drew, he also began to outline the leather of the chair Sherlock perched in. Then shading it appropriately in correlation to how the light hit it.
"Choose her?" John finished. "I was low, I thought you were dead I had to move on somehow," John said sweetly lifting his head from Sherlock's shoulder. "What was I supposed to do?"
"Yes," Sherlock said with a laugh in his response while he pulled John closer into him. They sat in silence hugging and swaying for a long while before John spoke gently, "god you're so brilliant and beautiful." He shook he head, "what am I going to do with you?"
Watson put his hand on Holmes's shoulder and graced it delicately down his sleeved arm and stopped at his tense hand, hanging to his side. He had forgotten how strong Holmes was and how beautifully like silk his skin felt. He cleared his throat while he retreated from Holmes's brutal gaze. Holmes put one finger under Watson's chine beckoning their eyes to meet. "John, please. Why did you really come here?"
"My hands? You mean the same hands that have tugged on your swollen throbbing cock and scratched their way down your back."
"Such lovely thighs. I love to straddle them as I look at your edible and enticing cock. Or as you wrap them around my hips and as you hover over and descend your cock inside me; while I hold and command you to come," John said as he drew the rest of Sherlock's legs and feet. Sherlock agonized to stay stationary as he glanced to see John rub his free hand between his own thighs.
"You're fantastic," John cupped his face, "I love you," he added just before pulling him under once more.
Sherlock moved uncomfortably, "I've never been one for sentiment and...love but you've, since the moment we've met, you had always corrupted my mind with affection I never knew I needed." These words more earnest than the last. John grabbed on to the cusp of his shirt for a sense of closeness letting out a suddle sigh of relief.
Sherlock grinned with a groan escaping his lips, teasing John some more. "I enjoy playing with your lust," Sherlock added.
Sherlock was frightfully delicate with the way he held the notebook in his hands. His eyes deliberated what he had found. He was dumbfounded on how easily he had missed such a critical part of what made John who he was.
By the time John was done, his station was a mess. Paint and charcoal all over the floor and all over his hands. John gave his drawing one final look and blew softly at the excess material left over on the canvas.
"Everything," he said with a laugh. "Everything I didn't say to him. Everything I've told you and haven't had the guts to tell him." John's expression was bitter. "I wanted to tell him how I felt about the fall, the two years without him, how pissed off I was and still am at him. About Mary and the wedding..." He swallowed harshly, "and how I feel about him..."
John paced gently around the floor with folded arms. "I would have choked out Mycroft just to find out where you went. I would have wanted to come with you," John said almost to himself.
Not a moment later Holmes swung open the double doors of the room strolling in with much swagger. A smile came across Watson's face, with also a sparkle of appease in his eyes as he licked his lips. Holmes smiled, "did you truly think I would abandon you?"
"Watson? And why, may I ask, are you here at this late hour?" Holmes asked standing up abruptly from his chair and not bothering to cease the music he was playing softly from his phonograph.
"My God," John said in a low awestruck whisper before he touched his pencil to the paper. This made Sherlock turn a hinted shade of pink as he winked in John's direction.
They let go with Holmes still pursing his lips and leaning in for more. Watson gave him one more peck then lay a single hand upon his flushed cheek while Holmes laced his fingers around Watson's back and held him in close.
It was only when they were alone in the seclusion of their flat that they could be together as they pleased. In the pitch black of night without a being awake to hear the moans of what they really felt for each other. And to feel the heat of their skin when they touched and lay with tangled limbs and ruffled linen sheets. Panting with soft breathes hoping no one would catch them. They would lay close to each other with fingers interlaced and Watson's fingers raking slowly through Holmes's curly hair still stiff from hair gel but loose from the innocence of his carelessness.
"What shade are they tonight, love?" John asked picking up a thin paintbrush and dipping it in the glass of water.
Without taking his eyes off the screen, John reached into his coat pocket withdrawing his pad and handing it over. To his left John could hear Sherlock flipping promptly through his notes until he heard the ruffling of the pages come to a stand still.
"I would do it again, take all the pain just to feel you against my lips for the first time all over again," Sherlock said with all seriousness.
Holmes observed in agony as he watched Watson kiss that women. He broke down and looked away biting his lip in sheer misery. He hated and loved his Watson all at once. He hated him for the obvious reasons but loved him because he knew all of this wasn't true. Watson still loved him deeply and sacrificed himself for the good of their intimate affair.
There was nothing left Watson could do now. He was trapped in the eternal bonds of a love for a man that he could sadly never be with. But then again he had vowed to remain my his side since the moment Holmes had deduced him.
Sherlock wiped the tears that lay on his warm cheeks off on his sleeve. "...so I supposed if I couldn't have you then this life wasn't worth the effort." John couldn't believe his words. He cried with tears of remorse, they were both immensely at fault. John burned from the inside. Without a hesitation in his step John clung to Sherlock like static on clothing squeezing him securely. John always hated seeing his strong-willed Sherlock cry because he always went through such great lengths to show no emotion at all, so when he did, it was almost alarming but it was also very mundane and reviving to know he was human, which John had never doubted. Sherlock couldn't resist him. He wrapped his arms around his thinned waist pressing his mouth into the crook of John's neck. Their heat was smoldering in between them being ingrained into one another with their rupturing limbs displaying no intention of ceasing the shaking.
"Well, it's captivating, it's wonderful. I love it." He smiled up at John and John smiled back as he pinched Sherlock's chin. Sherlock got up and set the painting on the coffee table in the kitchen and when he returned he sat on John's lap.
"And vow to never let them go again." An image of from Sherlock's fall bolted through his mind. An image of John grabbing one of Sherlock's hands and feeling no pulse. But that was the past and it didn't matter anymore.
Nevertheless, he still had a glimmer of feelings for him that would never leave the back of his mind. Even if he could find to love him fully again someday, how could he? They would never truly be together.
Sherlock's eyes flashed up as he broke silently inside himself truly unaware of the pain he had caused him. "How nicely that bullet would have eased my stress and giving me the chance to be with you again. Believe me I've tried."
The next two hours were two of the longest hours in John's lifetime. Boring. He resisted the urge to pick up his phone and text Sherlock until the temptation was overwhelming. He didn't want to discuss the case.
"I wish it were you. I wish life wasn't such a trial against people like us," Watson said scratching his fingers up Holmes's arm. Watson looked at Holmes and did something he had wanted to do since the day they first met eyes. He took the ring off his finger and took Holmes by the palm. With a shaky despairing grip he held the ring between his fingers and asked him the question that could never be.
"Was it just to prove that you're clever, as always? What could have been so BLOODY important that required you to have to do that to me?" John asked the question that had burned him from the inside ever since it happened and had never gotten a proper answer. "Seeing you up on that building while I was standing on the ground so powerless, all I wanted, all I've ever wanted to do was protect you. And not being able to that day? I've never forgiven myself." He took a minute to compose himself. "I buried you Sherlock. I was at your funeral mourning you, thinking of all the things I could've done to save you and never getting the chance to do so." The guilt he felt was still fresh after all these years.
"Precisely," Watson agreed. "I worry and..miss you terribly." Watson looked up at him intently, hoping he didn't step over any boundaries he wasn't prepared to cross. Holmes smiled lovingly at his Watson, "and I you." Watson wasn't affirmative with the tricks Holmes had up his sleeve while the taller man began to touch him intently, slipping a smooth hand around his thinned waist. Holmes started to sway Watson in a dancing motion and Watson let him have his way with him. Soon they fell silent listening to the stings of the violins and the wind from the pipes of the music that filled the flat, playing for them a melancholy melody and found themselves dancing nimbly across the carpet. Watson stopped for a moment and looked up at his Holmes memorizing his face and rationalizing about how much time they had lost together and how easily he had forgotten what true happiness felt like.
"Did you know how overwhelming it was to watch the love of your life marry someone else? I would have given anything to switch places with her that day," Sherlock said reluctantly. "That's why I retreated from the wedding early. It was a battle I had no longer a chance of winning." Sherlock had tears in his eyes and so did John; they were both hurting so equally. With a rocky voice Sherlock pressed on, "that night I went back to flat and if it wasn't for Mycroft I would have overdosed. Loving you was the most self-destructive thing I've ever done." Sherlock turned away and shuffled around the floor. "I didn't want to ruin the happiness you had obviously found with Mary." Sherlock hid his face. "Same stands for my exile after killing Magnussen for you, I-I couldn't bare the burden of being wi-without you..."
Watson waited eagerly in the back room of the church pacing the floor with his hands in pockets of his jacket glaring down the door, for his Holmes was not present yet. Maybe it was a mistake asking him to be his best man at a wedding that would only bring him sorrow. How could he blame him? Watson didn't even want to be there himself.
"Moriarty had a very complex web, very top secret I had to take care of it myself." John shifted his eyes down letting out a sigh of stress.
Watson felt as Holmes felt and he knew he shouldn't. He was getting married in a matter of days but being in this state with Holmes made him wish he had bided a little longer.
"Nonsense John, the eye of an artist is always a sharp one and I am proud to have one all to myself." John licked his lips, "come here," he said pulling his hands away and wrapping them around Sherlock, pulling his body onto his lap. Sherlock always knew how to make him feel speical. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's shoulders while John pressed his open lips onto Sherlock's.
In John's chair lay a fairly large and brand new sketchbook. "I've been ready for hours," Sherlock remarked.
John graced his fingers slowly down the curve of Sherlock's cheekbone. "God just look at you. A face handsome enough for a portrait."
"Oh god please do," John said eyeing him up. "So perfect," John whispered in crook of Sherlock's neck before Sherlock came copiously in John's hot hand. John snickered immorality as he tongued the inside Sherlock's open mouth.
They showed affection in stealthy advances as minimal as possible. The touches as simple as helping the other into the carriage, being able to lay a hand upon the others back and slightly gripping a hold of their clothes showing that they were protected. Or when the other would fetch the others pipe, handing it over gently with the opportunity to overlap and feel the sting in their yearning fingers. Or when they walked side by side down Baker Street intentionally swinging their palms a bit too far and having their shoulders a bit too cocked for a second of touch to make sure that their blood still pumped their hearts full of the sentiment that many thought was unjust.
He had his legs extended over one arm of the chair, the leg in front at a bend with its foot rested upon the chairs arm. He lifted and arched his hips exposing as much of his arse cheek as he could. He then draped one bicep over the remaining arm of the chair and let his hand go limp. He straightened his back and rested his right palm behind his ear letting it sink into his curls as he reposed his elbow on top of his chair. Lastly, he turned his head in John's direction, his eyes ushering John to commence.
John noticed instantly what he was doing but he didn't care. He was willing to play along and talk dirty. "Your arms, my god they're thin but muscular. I love to see them shake as you struggle to stay above me. As I kiss and lick my tounge down your body," John hissed as he added detailed veins to each arm. John could see Sherlock shiver out of the corner of his eye.
Watson would lay asleep in Holmes's bed until the dawn would break its way through the curtains forcing him to retire to his own quarters before Mrs. Hudson could see them together.
"How could you do that to me?" He was face to face with him now, John's empty eyes penetrating him and choking Sherlock into answering the question without a single touch.
If Holmes couldn't have him, he was going to make sure that Watson's wedding would be seemingly simple if this was the aspect that was going to make him truly happy. That's all Holmes cared about in the long term of everything, it was Watson's happiness. But it sharply hurt Holmes's heart that he wasn't the cause of his happiness hence forth. What was the point of having a heart if his Watson didn't even want it anymore.
There seemed to be an instant tension making itself known as it invaded the room, completely unaware from the mind of Doctor Watson. "I know. Which is why he came here so you have no further choice."
"Oi, we both had a part in this, we made our mess now its time to clean it up," John said wiping a tear from under his eye.
"Now for your waist and arse. I could go on and on about them." John made sure to make Sherlock's arse tight and plump.
Since his return he hadn't drawn him since. He deeply missed it in all honesty. Darkening the indent of his cheekbones, defining each individual curl with the shading of his pencil, and adding a splash of color to those eyes, the same inconceivable eyes that he would always find himself lost in.
"How could I have not seen it before?" Sherlock danced around the room still holding the drawing in his grasp. "The way you hold your utensil, with your last digit of your forefinger against it, helping you get more control over your lines. And the way you lean in close when you read the paper for a case and type on your computer. And how feeble you are with your hand writing, it's so obvious!"
Sherlock loved this. John complementing his body as he engraved him forever in a work of art. He began to move his hand again to his cock as John's words of endearment pleasured his ear.
John looked out into the horizon. The sun wasn't too far from setting while it hit the structure before him in at an alluring angle. To pass the time John pulled out his notebook and pencil from his pocket and flipped passed the notes he'd taken from past and current cases to get to a blank page where he began sketching the likeness of the monument in front of him.
Sherlock's throat tightened and his mouth thirsted for dilution. His licked his lips fearing the day that he'd have to tell him the truth. Fearing this moment for so long because after this, he would know about everything Sherlock desperately tried to lock away in his mindpalace; hoping that they would never come to light. This moment right here, right now that would make or brake his friendship with his most trusted companion. John had dealt the cards, he laid it all out on the table, all Sherlock had to do was look at his hand.
"No time," Sherlock said as he grabbed one of John's hands and placed it on his cock while he grinded his hips against John's growing erection. John kissed Sherlock's shoulders as Sherlock bit his earlobe. John pumped Sherlock's cock in a steady pace.
Watson moistened his lips and suddenly his confident stride was broken from him, replaced with uncertainty, as if he had made a miscalculation. "Curious upon the subject of your whereabouts." Watson advanced largely towards Holmes eventually meeting him face to face. Holmes's stance was tense and he had a fine assumption on what Watson's true intentions were but he wanted to hear it clearly from the subject himself.
Watson bowed his head trying to restrain himself from making any more regretful decisions. He had already made too many. He had to keep reminding himself that this was for Holmes and how it was one of the best ways to protect him.
John nearly dropped the cup in his hand as the heat and blood in his body rushed to his waist. "Yeah I can do that," John said looking Sherlock up and down.
The reception was a beclouded haze to both Holmes and Watson as they let their depression subdue them. Watson stood in interlocked arms with his new wife but all he could notice was Holmes and his beautiful being. It was too much for Watson to bare to not be with him. He walked over to his love and instructed him to join him outside.
Watson smelled how fantastic his scent was; something so familiar and yet so lost in memory. Watson clutched tightly onto Holmes's hand but then released it entirely. "I'm concerned for you and your health. I've neglected to see you in twenty days-"
"It shattered me to see you with her. You were all I thought about and all I ever wanted was to get back to you in the years I was away from London. You were my motivation to stay alive." There was bitterness in his voice.
Holmes hardly believed that he gave in. He closed his eyes and tasted the reviving sensation of Watson on his lips. After such hiatus he had never felt anything so quenching to his thirst.
"Huh?" John said getting so lost in Sherlock's eyes but frankly not wanted to find a way out and also growing a smile on his face. "I...am so desperately in love with you and I've always been. I just wanted you to know that, and now that I finally have you, I'll never leave you again."
Sherlock loved risks but this was the biggest risk had ever taken: letting John see him in a different shade of light; vulnerable with emotion he denied so hard to feel.
They couldn't help the feeling that burned deeply inside them. Those feelings so passionate and forbidden in such trying times of judgement against how they lived and loved each other, and that forced them to do so in such secrecy.
"Good night my love," Watson would say as he brushed Holmes's forehead and bent down to kiss his lips tenderly.
"That was my fault I was being an idiot," Sherlock said with a sharp breath again easing his stress.
Neither had said a word and yet all their actions spoke it all without even their faintest realization.
"It's time," Lestrade said from behind the door with pity in his voice. "Be out in a minute," Watson rebutted.
Watson leaned in closer with a bit of hesitation before he gave into the temptation that had pulled him back into the tangled and loving secret that was their relationship. The cold breeze that fluffed the curtains and filled the flat chilled their hot bodies drying their lips as they touched them together after waiting for so long.
He wasn't going to weep yet, this was not the time nor the place. He lay his palms under Holmes's looking down at Holmes's perfectly thin body. He looked into the taller man's eyes and kissed his hands one last time before he released them. Holmes pulled Watson with him as long as he could until Watson exited the room. Holmes felt his feeble stomach tie itself into a knot; torturing himself from the inside. He covered his mouth with his palm, disgusted by how easily he let him go.
His therapist would suggest he'd draw other things than Sherlock because how was he suppose to move on from him if Sherlock was all he drew and thought about. So John would try, and try, and try again to create something different like a landscape or a couple enjoying a stroll in the park, but like waves to the shore, his mind and hands would always drift back to Sherlock.
Not too much longer now. Fifteen minutes had passed until he heard a ping arrive and light up the inside of his pocket.
He thought his ex lover dead until the moment he returned alive and well after two years of grieving. Watson wanted to love Holmes again like he once had but things were different, he wasn't sure if he knew how to love him just the same as before.
At least John got the side with a good view. A distant but beautiful view of Parliament, its brown color and iconic clock tower so pleasing to the eye as always. He had never given it worthy look until now. He was taken by the magnificent structure until there was a ping from his phone; a single text from Sherlock:
Holmes knew he was instituting a lot of Watson to forgive him of all his wrongs and to love him the way he did once but he never dreamed of Watson having a life after Holmes had passed. He still loved him as much as he did the day he left but he feared his Watson never would again.
"I need a moment alone with John Watson." Watson looked at Lestrade and nodded at him with a look of such an overwrought, it was then that Lestrade knew their secret but he wouldn't dare tell a single soul.
John touched his forehead to Sherlock's, the taller man sliding his forehead slightly lower than the smaller to make it easier to gaze into his pupils and to feel the radiation seeping from his lips. "And when she shot you...that just put me over the edge."
Between breaths and strokes on the page John was beginning to become restless but he wasn't going to ruin his work.
"You really want to run away?" Watson inquired. Holmes looked away not providing him with a proper answer. Watson thought a little longer, maybe some laws were meant to be broken, and his love for Holmes was proof of that.
They needed to separate for the sake of the case. They moved in opposite directions; John to the West, and Sherlock to the East. Both of the boys were going to stake out apposing sides of the street in hopes of catching the criminal they were desperately seeking.
Holmes grabbed Watson's hand and pulled his body close to his cradling John's head in his hand. Watson rubbed Holmes's back lovingly and kissed his lips. "I'm sorry," Watson said with a sniffle and water close to pouring over the brim of his eye lids.
He had drawn him a lot during the years of coping with Sherlock's death, but every time he would finish one he would end up throwing it away or burning it. The memory of his face was too painful to remember but not so easily forgotten.
"I know you're sorry. And I know that you know that I'm sorry. We don't have to keep apologizing." John couldn't believe he said that. Ever since Sherlock left that's all he ever wanted; but now that he had it, it didn't matter anymore. All that mattered was what he was holding in his arms, a person he would love unconditionally no matter how tough such a love was.
"Sorry I can't be strong for you," Sherlock blurted out with a deep sulk in voice and reading John's mind like a book he had glanced at a million times over. Sherlock had really turned off his filter and was committed to the whole "laying it all out on the table," portion of the talk.
Holmes stood to Watson's side in the ceremony as he watched Watson grip hands with another, making him weak and angry that there was nothing he could do. Watson fabricated a joyous smile the best he could but pain instilled itself in his eyes.
John's heart dropped and he instantly had a bitter taste in his mouth. Sherlock walked in through the door with a sickly look his face. John stared him down with sweaty palms gripping the arms of the chair he was sitting in. "You agreed to this?" John asked.
John's features were restful as he moved his hands under his lover's shirt. "For you, anything," John responded as he lifted Sherlock higher and closer on top of him.
"Now for your face." Sherlock turned his head giving John the angle he needed. John started by drawing a light outline of his head slowly filling in the detail. Itemizing his strong jaw line and darkening his defined and chissled cheekbones. With his utensil he plumped Sherlock's thin but full, kissable lips that had absorbed endless amounts of John's moans and orgasms.
John sighs. “Of course. And the one for your phone. And your fancy razor. Didn’t bring your shampoo, though. You’ll have to make do with mine or use what they offer at the B&B. Oh, I think we’re there.”
Sherlock nods, heading back into the hall with its ornate tiles and cast-iron bannister. John follows. “Apparently, yes. Let’s head upstairs. The windows aren’t barred there, and we should be able to watch the road. Jennifer Wilson died on the second floor.”
Mycroft eyes him with an unreadable expression, before letting out a long breath and reaching for his tea again. To Sherlock, he looks almost sad for a moment when he blows at the steam curling up from the cup. There must be something Mycroft hasn’t told them yet.
Sherlock held onto him longer with a breathtaking grip. "What are we gonna do?" Sherlock asked hopelessly in a faint mumble. John exhaled resentfully, "I guess I'll give Mary a call and tell her we're finished. She'll know why I imagine, she's known it's been coming for a while now and I'll let her know that Ella knows everything."
"I quite enjoy the way you're looking at me," Sherlock teased as he ran the hand resting in his curls down his chest and to his cock that was being hidden by the leg that was bent at the knee.
John smiled again, "not until I'm finished but believe me, I plan to." John then sketched Sherlock's hair. Making each curl as wild and individual as they always have been.
"Damn it Sherlock," John said kicking the carpet under his feet feeling sicker than ever and now with a permanent lump in his throat. "Why do you have to put yourself in danger all the bloody time, why couldn't you have just come to me in the first place?" John covered his mouth in case the vomit he felt in the bowels of his stomach suddenly creeped up on him.
He scoffed, "Thinks I'm out getting the milk. You know how she feels about our sessions." He trailed off into a distant stare. "She's scared that I'm going to tell you about what she did but... she doesn't know that I've already told you everything." He bit down on his lip staring blankly at the carpet.
Watson looked away and shook his head in hopes to compose himself. He took a deep breathe, "William Sherlock Scott Holmes, will you marry me?" He asked in the happiest tone he could muster.
"Ah, both places you love to kiss," said Sherlock rolling his neck and shoulders as he imagined how they would look on paper.
"Almost done," said John. All he had to do was finish painting Sherlock's body, mimicking every low and highlight in his touchable skin.
They would go on with their lives solving cases and jailing criminals like there were no feelings other than platonic. Suspicion arose and they were frightened but handled it well disposing of any theory anyone would drum up upon the subject of their relationship status. But in the most frightening aspect, it was true what they said. They were in love and it was like they knew something that they themselves couldn't believe.
Holmes dipped him back and kept him in the flowing motion hoping Watson would feel the electricity that fueled his body at such a heated time as this.
The man with the charcoal hesitated, staring at the man before him. Sherlock looked so gorgeous with the light so flattering to his lineaments making every inch of his robust, skinny body look positively consumable to John's intense sensual thirst. John had to bite his lip and calm his cock so that he wouldn't jump up from his chair again. Resistance wasn't his strong suit when Sherlock looked so appetizing.
"Under me," John responded as he lifted his weak body up from his chair grabbing Sherlock by the hips and pushing his bare physique in his chair. Sherlock melted as John fit himself between his legs and as he nipped at his collar bone. Sherlock gripped the back of John's neck moaning in his ear, feeling the blood rush to his crotch.
Not too much longer. He was ready for him as well. Sherlock wanted his hands holding a pencil but John wanted his hands to hold Sherlock's body instead.
“But I can’t imagine why anybody would single out our family to get back at us because of the trouble we caused with the petition, or the awareness-raising campaign we were involved in,” muses Daniel. “I mean, here in Washington, we were pretty vocal. Vanessa did some campaigning in Worthing, too, and even went to London twice to protest. But other people are far more involved in the whole matter than we are.”
Downstairs, Mrs. Hudson has already opened the front door and is chatting with Daniel Warrington, Tiffany’s father. “She is such a bright, lovely girl,” says Mrs. Hudson. “And she has really taking a liking to Sherlock and John, and they to her.”
Sherlock snorts softly and grins. “Thank you for your no doubt entirely selfless offer. But last night’s ... workout has been sufficient for a while, I think.”
“I’m John. I’m with the organisers and we’re trying to look after the artists a bit, see if they need anything, and prevent people from accosting them during breaks. We’re only a small town here, but we’d like to make you feel as comfortable as you would at a more exclusive venue, you see. It’s a real honour having stars like yourself and Mr. Moriarty and his Fix-Its perform here tonight.”
John shrugged and then grinned. “I accompanied you to a concert of that teeny band that I thought would make my ears bleed.”
John gazed at the mess of dark curls on his chest that hid most of his friend’s face, feeling a stab of pity. “You really haven’t done this before, have you? Not just the sex, but simply sharing a bed with someone.”
Sherlock resists the urge to kick the heavy desk or upset a stack of papers in his frustration as he turns and stalks towards the door. He has almost reached it when Denniston’s voice causes him to halt.
“Sherlock,” John hissed warningly. “If you really need to know more, get your phone and consult the internet. I’m sure you can find the entire film online if you search for it. But if you do it, then quietly. Night.”
By the time the match had ended, John was beginning to feel the exhaustion which previously hunger seemed to have kept at bay. Sherlock, too, looked tired, having yawned twice already.
Sherlock gazes at the remains. The dog seems to have died instantly. Sherlock shakes his head. “No, he wouldn’t have noticed a thing. He didn’t feel any pain.”
Sherlock schools his face so as not to betray his surprise. So far, he’s assumed that he was rather unpopular at the Park, barely tolerated by his colleagues. Molly even told him she observed it. To hear others speak his praise is a new, albeit not unwelcome experience.
“And as for the ... well ... physical side of things,” John felt himself blush, his speech faltering. He wondered whether this was really the right time, place and recipient for this kind of talk. But Lestrade knew the two of them better than most people. John trusted him, and he knew that Sherlock, in his own convoluted way, did so, too. Moreover, after months of warring and coming to terms with his own feelings in regards to Sherlock Holmes, it was a relief to be able to speak about them to a trusted, non-judgemental ear. Mrs. Hudson had quizzed the two of them relentlessly about the new status of their relationship, causing both to blush and stutter when her well-meaning enquiries went a bit too personal. John’s sister had been over the moon, and amid a lot of “I knew it”s had swamped him with advice about how to stage his coming out. Apart from feeling overwhelmed by her interest and novel sisterly care, John had deemed it off the point. He didn’t consider himself gay. So yes, he was in a relationship with a man, but in this as in so many other things Sherlock was the exception. Moreover, ‘coming out’ had been taken entirely out of his hands by the press. The only thing he had been able to do was react and post a brief and straightforward entry on his blog stating that yes, Sherlock and he were an item now, and that no, not much had changed between them, and that people should kindly piss off and concern themselves with more important matters.
“Are you accusing us of doping?” asks Moran angrily. “Our team is clean – unlike others. I still wonder how you managed to do so well after a decade away from pro-cycling. If anybody’s performance is suspicious round here, it’s yours, Holmes.”
Molly’s words in mind, John watches Sherlock as he pedals, oblivious to his surroundings, looking completely in tune with his bike and his body. He doesn’t wipe away sweat, letting it run down his face and arms to drip onto the ground. He barely reaches for his bottle to drink. John can’t help worrying about dehydration, but he knows that some riders prefer not to fill their stomachs too much before a race. Sherlock is going to be Team Speedy’s last rider to compete on the short prologue track, shortly after John himself (thus forcing the team to use two cars to accompany the riders).
His eyes fell on the worn carpet in the hall, and the sliver of light falling on it from the direction of the staircase leading down to 221C. Frowning, John went to investigate. The door to the old flat was open, the smell of damp issuing into the narrow corridor. John knew what he was going to find when he stepped inside the low-ceilinged room that had once held Carl Powers’ trainers. Sherlock’s Simplon bike was gone. Instead, his clothes were heaped in the middle of the room on top of his Belstaff. John sighed as he stooped to pick them up. At least the idiot seemed to have had the sense to don some appropriate gear and had taken his cycling helmet. Still, neither of their bicycles had any lights or even reflectors, and Sherlock’s cycling attire was of uniformly dark colouring. Not suitable for cycling after nightfall, especially not in a city notorious for its lethal traffic, particularly to cyclists.
“Probably. Hopefully, the letters will shed more light on that.” Sherlock reaches for them, while John picks up the newspaper cut-out.
Sherlock gazed at the ceiling for a while, then shrugged. “Read,” he instructed, and closed his eyes again.
Mr. Holmes squared his shoulders. “I wouldn’t be so nonchalant about it if I were you, son. It may affect you more than you think. Genes, remember.”
“The older digger’s garments also show signs of having been worn where they repeatedly got dirty and slightly damaged, but they don’t fit him as well anymore. The trousers and the jacket sit a bit loosely. He lost weight recently. His complexion does not look like that of an outdoor worker, either. Compare it with that of the younger digger. They have a similar skin type, but look different. The elder brother sports no tan, has barely any freckles. He’s wearing an University of Essex cap, and from what I can make out a t-shirt with Celtic knotwork and some kind of stylised dragon creature. I’d say he hails from round here, but left to study at Colchester, likely something in the natural sciences.”
“Yes, you are right. Brook disappeared after the scandal, did he not? I didn’t follow it closely, having more important matters to see to.”
“Well, okay then,” he muttered, trying to keep the dejection out of his voice and make it sound matter-of-factly. “It was just a trial, after all.” Giving Sherlock a brief smile, he leaned back against the headboard and ran a hand through his hair.
“Quite right.” With a groan, Sherlock stands. Looking down at John, his features turn grave again. “Thank you, John,” he says earnestly.
“Yes,” says Molly who has overheard his words, “and that’s because most of you are a bunch of rogues who tend to trash these nice machines. Seriously, I often feel like Q. I’m providing you idiots with the best tech there is and getting it back in bits and bobs, if at all.”
At length, Sherlock cleared his throat. “I apologise.” John knew it wasn’t just for his little scene about the perfume.
So ... he is in love with John. Wants to spend time with him, likes his quick wit, his dry, somewhat wicked humour, his care and compassion, his solid strength and confidence. And his looks. And his smell. And the feel of his hands on Sherlock’s body. Right, well, this
. Anyway, she told him that Nora had switched shifts with her the day she vanished to have the afternoon off, for research, she’d said. The colleague assumed Nora wanted to work on her Crossrail book and visit the Museum of London in the Docklands and their exhibitions on the subject, and meet with a specialist there. But a quick phone-call confirmed that this wasn’t the case. So the research must have concerned something else. Had she been trying to investigate disused Brompton Road Station?
As he sits, trying hard not to think about John Watson and failing, he hears the sounds in the kitchen die down. The window is closed behind the blackout screen and the door shut. Soon after, however, soft music begins to wind through the trees. Mrs. Turner and Mrs. Hudson have apparently got their old gramophone going and are playing records. Brilliant, thinks Sherlock, briefly tempted to fetch his violin and play something experimental, discordant and rough to counter the insipid romanticism their choice of music implies, and to give voice to his own frustration. But he finds he cannot be bothered to get up.
Despite being convinced of his own worthiness, it is with some slight trepidation that Sherlock climbs the dyke and, looking up at the trees in awe, steps into the circle. Nothing happens. He breathes a sigh of relief.
, but somehow, this feels more intimate, mostly because there is a high likelihood that John is actually going to touch him. Sherlock hopes that he can muster enough control over his body so as not to betray how much these touches excite him.
They dismounted next to a wooden barn in the shade of a large walnut tree, resting their bikes against the trunk and collapsing on a worn bench surrounding it.
Sherlock shrugs again. “Well, I doubt the fairies will help me with the actual undressing, so you’ll have to do the honours.” John grins and reaches out to unbutton and unzip Sherlock’s trousers and push them down.
She gives Sherlock a long, somewhat sharp glance. So, no telling Wilcox of the true coming to pass of their ‘acquaintance’. Sherlock is only too happy to play along. Interestingly, so far she has told no lies.
feelings doesn’t appear to be immune. He’s ensnared like the rest of them, like the Jeannines and Marys of this world.
John returned their used glasses to the bar and gathered up map and laptop. “Come on, before you fall asleep at the table.”
He closes his eyes and swallows several times. Is it going to be like that all the time now? He who used to rush headlong into danger, afraid of the dark, afraid of his own dreams and memories? How is he supposed to continue with his work, which is bound to contain countless triggering situations? And if he can’t work anymore, what will he do? What is he without the Work?
“Emma?” asked John, momentarily confused until he recalled last night’s encounter in the kitchen and the girl’s remark about Sherlock’s nightly noises. “Um, no, actually I wasn’t worried about her.”
Mrs. Hudson makes a disappointed sound. She doesn’t seem to mind John’s bewildered state, and Sherlock loves her fiercely for it. “Oh, out again so soon? I was going to make you boys a cuppa – just this once, mind, as I’m not your housekeeper.”
“Leave them. They suit you. Although perhaps you should wear a tie as well, and a hat. Makes you look more respectable and less like a brilliant but somewhat scatter-brained student.”
The perpetrator, a large tabby, after having upset the lid of one of the metal bins near the end of the alley is prowling towards the two men, mewling softly.
There was a slight murmur in the carriage as the train entered the Tunnel, most likely from people who hadn’t experienced the passage before.
“Good that we talked about that and are in agreement,” said John with a smile, giving Sherlock’s shoulders another squeeze and remained standing close to him, leaning against him slightly. “Although my hide has already been damaged by a bullet, so perhaps it’s not in such high demand anymore.”
“All right, yes, I also needed a reason to be away from home because I didn’t want to spend the night with her. She’d increasingly hinted at wanting to have sex and I didn’t want that.”
Sherlock bites his lip and dips his head, watching John through his lashes while bracing himself for John’s words which will inevitably deny that he’s Sherlock’s date. But to his surprise, John doesn’t say anything. He simply raises his eyebrows at Sherlock while Angelo goes on about how he and Sherlock met and how Sherlock helped him in the past. He grins at John and Sherlock. “I’ll get a candle for the table. It’s more romantic.”
“Excellent. You do that. I’ll fetch you from Euston once I’m done here, and we’ll visit the Windmill together.”
Sherlock raised his hands in his thinking pose and tapped his fingers against his chin. “What if she wasn’t carrying any contraband but information in her bag?”
Sherlock looks up at him, his face alight with a mixture of apprehension, determination and excitement. “Fancy a swim?”
“Excellent,” quips Sherlock. “That’s just what he deserves for being such an overbearing, interfering bore.”
Vanessa nods. “Yes, that’s right. Oh, I wish we had installed that camera Daniel wanted to buy last year. There were some burglaries in the neighbourhood and he wanted to invest in some CCTV equipment. But I objected. I mean, if you install a camera, you’ll have to view the tapes as well. And I didn’t want to give Tiffany the impression that we were spying on her. Now I wish we had that camera. We might have caught that strange child on tape.”
Anderson is amongst them, still fighting to regain the polka-dot jersey. As expected, none of the GC hopefuls tries anything. Soon after crossing a foggy Port de Larrau into Spain, the small group containing Anderson is swallowed by the peloton again. Led by Team Speedy’s, it plunges into the descent, with many riders putting on jackets against the impending windchill, drenched by sweat and fog as they are.
John looks at him questioningly, then reaches up to touch the spot. “Oh,” he says, but doesn’t look embarrassed or displeased. “I wouldn’t mind adding some of The Woman’s lipstick, if she felt so inclined,” he announces cheerfully, then catching Sherlock’s dark expression, he slaps his chest playfully. “Come on, cheer up. Perhaps you should try it yourself. You might enjoy it.”
“That’s highly probable,” agrees Sherlock, “although the fact seems to have bothered neither her nor Moran. For him, she was a dalliance, someone to adorn his arm and warm his bed during those times Adler wasn’t around. He never considered her to be a long-term partner.”
John reaches out and gently strokes Sherlock’s cheek, to then lean in and kiss it. Sherlock releases a shaky breath and scoots closer to him again. John laughs softly and shifts to accommodate him. “Want to cuddle for a bit to sort things out in your head?”
John grins. “Brilliant. Right ... I’ll have that shower, and I really need a massage – you, too, I bet, after your hell-ride today. And I’m bloody hungry. We’ll talk some more later, okay?”
“No? I thought we were. Aren’t we right in the middle of a discussion now? Still, if you want to go and calm down first, or have another drink or three, do. I’ll call you later.”
“Glad you came, Sherlock,” he says. “I was worried the invitation might seem inappropriate, given how today’s stage ended. Hello, Watson,” he adds as if as an afterthought, and without taking his eyes off Sherlock.
Sherlock doesn’t cry the second time they make love, even though the experience is as overwhelming and intensely intimate as the first. But knowing what to expect now, he is more relaxed and more able to concentrate, and also to devote more of what remains of his mental faculties to observing John and note how to pleasure him. Soon free of their remaining clothes once more, they end up kissing messily and rutting against each other until John slides a hand between them to increase the friction and encourages Sherlock to do so as well since he can actually take both of them in hand with his larger ones. Neither lasts much longer after this.
Blushing, John tore his gaze from Sherlock’s. He felt light-headed which couldn’t be blamed on the altitude and lack of oxygen, but rather on Sherlock’s proximity and the fact his friend had put an arm round his shoulders. John, too, had snuck a tentative arm to Sherlock’s waist, feeling him twitch slightly when his hand made contact with his side. It made him wonder whether Sherlock was ticklish. Deciding to postpone the exploration of that mystery to a later instance, for now John quite shamelessly allowed himself to relish the feeling of his friend’s lithe body so close to his, to feel his breathing and heartbeat and the warmth radiating from him, and to smell the mixture of sweat and sunscreen and deodorant and sun-warmed skin.
“Oh, I wouldn’t mind if she’d taken one and sent that over, too,” quipped John. He gazed down at the picture in his hand. “At least you’re not drooling on my photo in that shot.”
“The truth, of course. Listen, I know men of his ilk, and I know that you don’t want to cross them. And as I said, he seemed to know an awful lot already.”
. His stomach growls when the faint scent of coffee reaches his nose. Footsteps approach, soft and halting. The swish of a lab coat. Molly Hooper. He opens his eyes, realises to his shock that unlike last time, Molly didn’t come while he, John and Mike were in the lab. The ‘script’ is off already. Molly addressing him prevents him from having another panic attack right there and then.
The room was dark but for the blueish glow of the laptop’s periodic table of elements screensaver. The computer sat on the bed plugged in to charge. Sherlock was sitting next to it, his back against the headboard, his hands raised and steepled under the chin in his customary thinking pose. John noticed he had changed into his sleeping gear, and showered, too, because his hair was still wet. One of the windows was open, a faint breeze fanning through the room.
He shifts the plum pit again and gazes at his watch. Two o’clock. In two hours he has to be back at work. The thought of the cramped, stuffy hut doesn’t fire his motivation to return. His stomach rumbles again. Too many plums and not enough solid food for the past few days. He really ought to get himself a bowl of porridge and some toast.
Sherlock makes an unhappy sound behind him. A rustle of cloth, and then his right hand creeps up to John’s shoulder. John starts and tenses, tries to shrug it off but Sherlock tugs at his shoulder insistently. John averts his head. Sherlock’s dismay at being unable to get through to him seems to radiate from him. A part of John is sorry about that. Sherlock is trying, and it’s not easy for him – sentimental stuff never is, for neither of them – and John is pushing him away. Sherlock makes an exasperated sound, and then his other hand slips round John’s side and comes to rest firmly on his chest, the long fingers splayed out over his heart. He draws John backwards against his body and rests his head on John’s. John is caught.
John snorts and stabs Sherlock’s side playfully, making him gasp and squirm. “Let’s keep some things for later encounters, shall we?”
“Apparently yes. Look, there is another drop. And a smear here as something wiped through the blood. I need to look at it through the microscope.”
are the worst,” says Anthea, “at least as far as I can judge. The French and Belgian papers simply rehash the
“It was never my intention to ‘get the hang’ of it,” huffed Sherlock, but without any sharpness. “But it looks like you’ve ruined me.”
“There were some walkers, but I hid in the trees when they were around because I didn’t want them to see me. I wasn’t sure if mum and dad were going to follow the instructions. Dad has a friend who’s with the police. But the walkers didn’t stay long, and didn’t go inside the trees. Ellie said some people are scared of the trees because they think the place is haunted. There are many stories of ghosts appearing, and that if you run round the trees a few times – seven, I think – the devil will come and either kill you or give you a gift.”
Next to him, Watson huffs. “Doesn’t sound like the most exciting of tasks,” he mutters, weighing the thick tome in his hands.
Both men turn in their seats to catch a glimpse of the pack. Most of them have vanished through a gap in the hedge, apparently, but some stragglers are still leaping across the road.
Again thank you for the comments and kudos, and a special thanks to rifleman_s for the speedy and invaluable beta work.
John gazes at him with that strange expression Sherlock has come to interpret as ‘fond’. “I’m sure you did. Phew,” he gazes over his shoulder again, but apparently the last animals have vanished. Ahead, a glare of headlights announces a car coming in their direction. “Anyway, good driving. Ready to get going again? Bloody hell, where has my phone gone?”
“An outlet for my anxiety, eh? How very astute of you. Would His Highness prefer Custard Creams or Digestives with his tea?”
They work in silence until the suitcase is mostly packed except for some underwear and toiletries, the uniform, and the clothes John is still wearing. In his leather briefcase, he stows some books and his notebook, as well as the medical journal Sherlock got him in London, and his treatise on cigarette ash. He gave John a copy. John teased him about it at the time, but Sherlock could tell from the way his eyes shone that he was touched, especially by what Sherlock had written inside:
thinks Sherlock. The Woman has all the makings of a very successful, very skillful and dangerous spy.
Something glints in John’s eyes. The faintest hint of a smile, a warm, genuine one, tugs at the corners of his eyes. “Go on, then.”
John kisses him again. “I was teasing you. I’d love to wash your hair. I’ve always admired it. Just ...,” he casts a glance at the three bottles of product standing next to his simple shower gel in a corner of the cubicle, all of which look rather posh. “Which one do I start with.”
“Perhaps Adler was confusing things, then. Or what Moran told her about his past and his family history wasn’t true.”
“Who is it?” asked John, feeling somewhat sobered up by the fresh air and their conversation, his head feeling less dizzy. He rather minded the interruption of their conversation, though, although clearly Sherlock didn’t, even appreciated the excuse to change the topic.
She sighed. “But now it’s off season, luckily. It’s mostly locals now, and perhaps the odd bird watcher down at Orford Ness.”
There are some more general questions before the meeting winds down and the reporters leave. “Think it was wise to antagonise Riley?” asks John as Sherlock and he are on their way back to their room for a quick break before lunch.
Carefully, Sherlock shifts so that he can watch him. His thoughts and feelings, his memories and new impressions are all jumbled together, and he doesn’t know where to begin to try to disentangle them. Normally, this state of chaos would be unbearable. But right now, his heart and mind overwhelmed by sentiment, he finds he doesn’t care. So he simply lies and watches, committing every line and scar and freckle of John’s face to memory.
John giggles and stabs his side with his elbow. “Shut up, you. Actually, I think I did. You were really close from kissing alone, and almost came when I started to suck on your nipple.”
It hadn’t been a stroke, but John was rather convinced that his brain had blacked out for a moment. Now it slowly came back online while the last aftershocks were racing through his body. He felt heavy and utterly relaxed but for his left hand that was still grabbing the duvet convulsively. Not even his injuries from the previous day were bothering him, but he knew he was going to be feeling them again later, and more severely, too, after all the tensing and pushing into Sherlock’s hand. With a stab of alarm he realised that he had no recollection of whether he had cried out or not.
“And here, back for their sixth Tour de France, now with co-sponsor Sussex Honey on board, is Team Speedy’s. They were last year’s winner of the team classification while one of their riders, James Sholto, came second overall, ceding victory to Sebastian Wilkes of Shad Sanderson – and wasn’t that a narrow second place? Wilkes had less than a minute on Sholto. Unfortunately, due to a bad crash in the Dauphiné Liberé, Team Speedy’s/Sussex Honey will be short of their captain and most obvious candidate to compete for the yellow jersey in Paris. However, rest assured that manager and chief coach Gregory Lestrade has a new ace up his sleeve – which, recalling the unusual rosters he presented us with in previous years, shouldn’t be a surprise. Greg’s got a hand for building team spirit and bringing out the best in his men, and also for picking unusual riders. But let’s hear it from the man himself. Tell us about your men, Greg.”
“That is correct,” confirmed Mycroft. “Officer’s training at Sandhurst, then several years of active duty in most of the world’s hot spots at the time, chiefly Northern Ireland, Kosovo, then Iraq. About five years ago he was dishonourably discharged after his involvement in a drug-smuggling affair in the Near East became known that included the killing of civilians. He should have gone to jail but managed to avoid that, apparently with the help of one James Moriarty. After that, he went freelance and was regularly employed by our special friend. We still don’t quite know what role he played in the organisation. And frustratingly, we also don’t know what exactly he wants with you, Sherlock. What seems clear, though, is that he did indeed follow you around, and that he is dangerous, even more so because his true motive is yet unaccounted for.”
Sherlock turned in the front passenger seat to glance at John out of the corner of his eye. “Do you regret it, then, the disruption of your life plans?” he asked.
“They have a café in there, and a space for groups to hold workshops or listen to lectures. There is a Suffolk Punch museum as well. Behind the centre are the stables for their own stud, for the Punches. They also keep their other animals in this part, the pigs, cattle, sheep and chickens. There are several acres of woodland and meadows, a pond, an orchard and a vegetable garden – pretty much what you can find at the Millers’ farm, too, only it’s larger here and a bit more ... don’t know ... tamed, perhaps. It’s much more geared towards visitors, but then again they’re the one keeping the whole thing afloat and helping preserve the old breeds with their entrance fees and with what they spend on the premises. To the right you can see the new stables for the boarding horses. Alan, Melanie and Carl used to offer boarding for mares only, and all the services like foaling and weaning connected with horse-breeding, but stabling racehorses turned out to be good business, hence the new buildings and the fairly recent race-track you saw on our way in.”
“Mazza has been around for ages,” muses John, the wiry Italian with the ponytail appearing before his inner eye. “He’s a decent allrounder who’s been somewhat unlucky in recent years. Can’t imagine him crashing deliberately.”
“I’m sure the Millers can tell you who bid against them, and maybe even for what purpose those people wanted to buy it. But whether any of them would go as far as poison their horses, especially now that the actual sale has been over for months … I don’t know.” Katie shrugged and sighed.
Sherlock smiles at him. “How good of you to point this out, Jim. This, precisely, is the question, isn’t it?”
Sherlock nods. He shares this feeling and it scares him, because he can’t explain it, can’t rationalise it into neat scientific terms. “Likewise,” he mutters.
The guilt doesn’t abate when Sherlock swirls around the crime scene, making deductions, astonishing John and Lestrade and annoying the rest of the team before dashing off to look for the pink case and then taking a cab back to Baker Street to await John’s return from his chat with Mycroft. Sherlock is so lost in his head, playing through various possible futures resulting from him saving Jennifer Wilson like games of chess, that he almost forgets to text John to come to their flat.
The next moment, he feels John’s arms wrap around him and draw him close. He stiffens for an instant, before, engulfed by the warmth and smell of John, he melts into his smaller frame and snakes his arms round the terry-cloth-clad shoulders. John’s nose touches his clavicles and then slides along the side of his neck, leaving goose-bumps in its wake. Sherlock’s legs feel like jelly. He is grateful for John’s sturdy body to hold onto.
“John,” Sherlock interrupts him, speaking calmly. “It really is just a small cut. Here, look.” He lifts the towel. A small drop of blood wells from the wound, but to John, it looks like a river.
“Well, several,” the German replies. “Baskerville, CS Media, and that wildcard Brook Consulting. Interestingly, not all of my former teammates are now riding the Tour. Not sure what happened to them. But they were offered real good money and advertising contracts, too.”
The Christmas tree ... Taking a closer look at the decorations, Sherlock noticed that apart from straw stars, Bavarian silvered glass baubles (handed down through several generations), self-made candles, and wooden decorations whittled by children, probably at school, the tree was adorned with small figures meticulously folded out of tin foil. Eschewing a comment, he stepped over to fir and picked a delicate tin foil angel out of the branches.
“I know. And you know my reaction to danger.” John’s voice dropped to a murmur as he leaned in as well, only to draw back again and frowning at Sherlock. “Why do I get the feeling of being emotionally manipulated?”
“I’ll keep. Call it insurance. But I’ll send you the file, if you like. We’re probably on CCTV anyway.” Victor looks around and shrugs.
My thanks again to rifleman_s for betaing this chapter, and to everybody who left kudos and comments. I hope the next chapter won't be too long delayed, despite there being two other stories nagging me to be written, too, as well as RL making demands. At least the illustration for chapter 8 is half finished.
John stops and listens, then smiles. “I think they’re playing football – or rather, they’re looking for their ball which has been swallowed by the greenery. Lucky chaps. I wish I could play now as well, haven’t in ages.”
With a massive sigh, John scooted closer and tilted his head so he could see what mysterious creature was keeping Sherlock awake. It was difficult to make out anything in the gloom up on the shelf, but when he recognised what was causing the distraction, he chuckled softly.
Sherlock looked undecided for a moment, gazing at John with a thoughtful expression. John wondered what he was thinking. He almost seemed reluctant to leave and not quite prepared to admit it. And indeed, their stay in Suffolk had been extraordinary on many levels. John for one was loath to depart so soon, just when Sherlock had begun to relax again after his unhappy, distressed appearance after his trip to Switzerland. Moreover, he was both touched and pleased about the way their relationship had evolved these past few days. He almost feared that an immediate return to London and to their usual routines would be detrimental to the tender intimacy and increased physicality that had developed between them.
“See you later,” John muttered, and after a long glance at his friend’s back, he scrambled out of bed. Without switching on the light he gathered his clothes together in the cold glow of Sherlock’s mobile and quietly slipped out of the room.
The ash creaks and sways as he climbs onto the swing. Some of last year’s dry seedpods rain down on him, as well as some small twigs. He casts a last glance towards the cottage half hidden by apple-trees. It’s not long after lunch, so he won’t be missed for a while – as long as Mycroft keeps their bargain and doesn’t inform on him. No sign of life from the cottage. Good.
John grins at him. “Yeah, because not everybody is as crazy as the two of us. We’re a pretty good team, don’t you think?”
Sherlock looks completely shell-shocked, the poor man. John sniffs, hangs his head. “Sorry for springing it at you like this,” he mutters. “Hope it doesn’t make you too uncomfortable. As I said, feel free to delete it.”
John nods and parks their car on the kerb opposite. “They seem to be doing well,” he remarks. Sherlock nods. There are definite signs of prosperity about the property. The sporty Audi is last year’s model. The second car is only slightly older, a large Skoda that screams ‘family car’. The house has been extended with a conservatory, not five years old. Sherlock wonders if the shed in the back garden is still there or whether it has been replaced by a new edifice, too. The front garden is well-kept and shows signs of professional care. The wisteria has been trimmed last autumn by somebody who knew about plants, and the boxwood hedges and recent summer plantings of pelargoniums, lobelias and begonias show similar care and attention.
“Oh, I didn’t know that,” says Vanessa. She looks a little wrong-footed, probably wishing she’d looked more closely into her daughter’s reading habits. “Ah, that may explain why she insisted on disguising herself as a witch for last year’s Halloween. Well, I have the two letters here. We tried to handle them as little as possible to preserve potential fingerprints. The second one we only touched with gloves.”
“He might as well have been, Mrs. Hudson. According to my knowledge, this is the first time they’ve spoken face to face in almost thirty years. And it didn’t go well, as I’m sure you’ve noticed. It’s a long story. I’ll gladly tell you some other time, or Sherlock will. But for now, I have to make sure he’s all right. The idiot went out on his bicycle, and he hasn’t even got lights on it. I have to phone Mycroft to see if he can find him before he gets himself run over by a bus or lorry.”
Her face lights up. “Oh, that’s wonderful, dear. I’m so glad he’s taking proper cases again, and that things are going so well between you. Just so you know, I’ll be off to visit my sister’s later today, and won’t be back until Tuesday. We’re going on the Eurostar to France together, can you imagine?”
Apparently, Team Speedy’s is not the only team using the Boulevard des Pyrénées for a photo opportunity. Not far away from their group, John spots two other teams, also in their official outfits, posing for photos and interacting with fans, and even giving interviews. One, Team Shad Sanderson, is surrounded by reporters, obviously holding their press conference outside for maximum effect due to the magnificent visuals of the mountain backdrop. John watches them for a while. They’re too far away to catch their words. Naturally, as the defending Tour champion, most attention is focused on Sebastian Wilkes. John doesn’t want to imagine the pressure that rests on him. Wilkes is a good time trialist who could potentially make good time in the GC on the second to last day. But that would be risky, and even then he’d have to ride well tomorrow, or better launch an attack on the current man in yellow, Moriarty. Wilkes has a strong team, but they’ve had to work hard already on a number of stages due to the bad luck trailing Shad Sanderson – helped along by sabotage, John assumes. John isn’t a huge friend of Wilkes, particularly after what Sherlock told him of their time at University together. But he’d rather see Wilkes bag a second Tour de France win than Moriarty win even one.
“They sound worse than the fellows we once met at Camden Market,” John mused. “And they put idiocy to a whole new level.”
John shrugs. “Whatever we want. Personally, I’d opt for sleep at some point in the near future. I’m really knackered, and there is barely a part of my body that doesn’t hurt now.”
“The solution of this case. Tiffany, the abduction, the strange barefooted boy, the sticker letters.”
At this, John’s face takes on a strange expression. Sherlock watches him cast down his eyes and licking his lips. “How fitting,” says John quietly, as if speaking to himself.
Is Sherlock so occupied or distracted now that he tolerates the red number, or has he read the message but simply doesn’t feel the need to reply?
John pays little attention to the journalists’ questions during the press conference. The media people mostly focus on the men in the green and the polka-dot jersey, Bainbridge and Anderson, as well as Kit, grilling him about his strategy to win back white. Sherlock, too, receives some attention. The journalists are eager to learn what his aspirations are. He is still well-placed, with an overall top ten ranking or even a spot on the podium an achievable goal. Sherlock, however, refuses to indulge them. He is less hostile than during many of his previous interviews, but still far less affable than easy-going, exuberant Kit. Mostly, he simply doesn’t answer questions straight away but offers counter-questions as his replies while giving off the impression of utter boredom.
“I told him to ask you, and to use his brilliant deductive skills to discover the rest. And that you’re a secret cuddler, but he said he’d already found that out himself. So, John Watson ... cuddling, eh?”
Noticing his interest, John tenses self-consciously. Sherlock realises he’s staring and really should stop and apologise. Ogling people’s scars definitely falls into the ‘not good’ category. Still, he cannot pull his eyes away. John swallows visibly, and licks his lips again which seems to be a habit of his when he’s nervous.
Feeling bold, almost reckless of a sudden, John approaches, rounds the table, clears his throat only when he is standing next to Sherlock who appears not to have noticed him until now. Sherlock jumps slightly but rallies quickly. “Don’t eat the pieces marked with the formulas,” he warns, waving in the direction of the living room with the hand holding the pipette.
“How could she have broken his neck, Sherlock? Have you looked at her? She’s small and frail. Mrs. Hudson looks like Hulk compared to her. It takes considerable strength to break a person’s neck, and the right technique, too, even when it’s already damaged.”
“Whatever happened to your leg and Dr. Watson’s arm?” she asks. “Did this Moran person do this to you?”
John does so. “Looks like a team coach and a couple of cars.  Mostly black, though. Brook Consulting?”
“Thank you for coming here, Miss Hooper,” says Lestrade, rising to help her into her coat. “As I said, good work.”
“I’m fine,” mutters Sherlock, chiding himself for letting his mind interfere once again. Can’t it just shut up for once, as the minds of ordinary people do all the time when drowned in hormones, and allow him to get through a perfectly normal, natural and by all accounts pleasurable activity without reminding him of what a flawed and awkward individual he is?
“Yeah, I noticed there seemed to be something strange about how Sherlock reacted to Trevor when he was riding. He was the only rider he actually watched. He completely ignored all others. Didn’t show any interest in how his own teammates were faring, either. What’s it with those two?”
“Oi, Watson, don’t fall asleep on the bike, mate,” the God of Thunder’s cheerful voice startles John into the present.
Some of Sherlock’s distress must have been visible in his form, because suddenly there’s John’s hand on his shoulder, squeezing gently. Sherlock’s head spins round and his eyes fix on it. He tenses. Carefully, John lowers his hand again.
“Mr. Moriarty, I need to ask you some questions. Do you need a moment, or do you feel up to answering?”
“Well, let’s just say you know how to use it, and not just for voicing your opinion or brilliant deductions.” He blushes. “Oh, blast, sorry, that sounded rather ... sorry.”
Soon after, the contents of John’s rucksack had been stowed in Tjálga’s saddle-bags while Fenja’s contained what they were going to need for the horses. The two men stood next to each other poring over the OS map from Katie’s car.
Sherlock grinned as well. “I’ll think of something else, then.” He hesitated for the briefest of moments, then reached out and tenderly ran a hand along John’s cheek, before bending down and ghosting a kiss over his forehead. Straightening up again, he turned and walked briskly over to Anne and the older girl who were exchanging amused glances. Emma had climbed over the barricade and was talking on the phone in the other room.
Once again, a big thank you goes to my faithful beta rifleman_s, and also to my colleague Anne who checked the French passages.
Sherlock snorted. “Of course they are. But that’s plain to see. I didn’t consider it worth mentioning.”
Drawing a deep breath, Sherlock straightens his jacket. Casting an apologetic glance at John, he leaps up the stairs to face Lestrade and his sniffer dogs.
After this, the conversation died down as the men finished their tea and Linda stirred her onion marmalade.
“Do you think she’s already inside?” John wants to know when they move on, leaving the gaggle of hopefuls behind. Sherlock wants to walk around the block to see if a car is waiting for Adler, and if so, where.
John returns his inquisitive gaze steadily. “You know, had you just told me about it, I might have thought you were trying to pull my leg, or I would have looked around for hidden cameras. But after what I’ve been experiencing these past few days and nights ... it’s the only explanation that makes sense, really. So ... yeah, I believe you.”
John laughs. “Yeah, that’s what I’d do in their situation, too. And yes, the pesky cycling. How are you feeling this morning? Ready to tackle the Pyrenees one last time?”
John felt a jolt of ... he wasn’t sure what emotion exactly, only that it was strong and welcome. Joy? Relief? Love? The corners of his mouth quirked up in a warm, gentle smile. Typically Sherlock, he had not deemed it necessary to inform John of his altered travel arrangements. Most likely, given his faible for dramatics, he had kept silent to surprise John – a gesture that both touched and annoyed the doctor. Funnily, though, Sherlock’s grand plan seemed to have backfired. As usual, he had underestimated the demands of his body, in this case for rest. So now instead of a well orchestrated welcome, there he was, passed out in John’s bed.
“Yeah. Figures, I guess.” He drew a deep breath. “Actually, the dreams were good. The waking up to an empty flat devoid of consulting detectives was shite.”
He thought for a moment, before another thing he’d always wanted to ask Sherlock popped into his mind. “Did she know about your drug habit, too?”
What follows is a slow, thorough, almost reverent exploration of one another with lips and hands. One by one, their remaining garments are shed until they are down to their underwear. They slip under the duvets and continue to kiss and touch and lick and suck. Sherlock is allowed to explore John’s scar, and John, making a sound almost like a sob, touches and then kisses Sherlock’s bullet scar on his chest, and runs his hands over the welts on his back repeatedly as if to smooth them away. Just when Sherlock thinks he can’t bear the intensity and intimacy of this tender, careful love-making any longer – despite enjoying it tremendously – John playfully pinches his side. Sherlock gasps and squirms, erupts into silly giggles. John falls in, and they cling together laughing and laughing until their bellies hurt and they are gasping for air. Laughing leads to kissing again, and more laughing, until kissing prevails, more urgently and passionately now.
“I haven’t told this to anybody else, ever,” he says, looking at Sherlock keenly, almost imploringly, his voice slightly hoarse, betraying his apprehension. Sherlock sits up straighter, as if to show that he is worthy of hearing John’s long-kept secret and won’t betray it. John looks uncertain, perhaps wondering whether he’s already said too much. Even Sherlock knows that they have ventured into subjects that are not talked about, not even among close friends. John seems to trust him, though, and Sherlock silently vows never to betray that trust. But he needs to know. Curiosity is gnawing at him.
Leaning back again, John waited for him to continue of his own accord, despite the many questions whirling in his mind.
Sherlock’s little smirk confirms his theory. John takes a deep breath, shifts into a more comfortable position because he has begun to feel a little hot, and nods towards the sheet in his hands.
To his chagrin, John can’t stick around to listen to Sherlock’s explanation – if ever he even gave one – because he has to make this way to the starting area. Soo Lin is waiting there with his bike. She grins at him. “Good luck, John. Enjoy your ride.”
He lifts his head, gazing at Sherlock imploringly. “You should leave, Sherlock. Everybody else did, and they knew why. You must leave, for your own protection.”
“Wilkes. Ricoletti is a bit of a wild card. He is fast, but I doubt he’ll be fast enough to catch Moriarty. However, he will fight for his place on the podium, and his chances are good. He rode good time trials during this Tour and has improved his technique since the Giro. Baskerville is a decent time trialist, but of the five of us, I’d say he’s the weakest in this discipline, probably because he can’t sit still. One almost gets sea-sick watching him shift on his bike. He’s going to fight tooth and nail, too, though.”
“On board with conspiracy theories, are you, Sebastian?” enquires Sherlock with a glint in his eyes. “Well, even though very little information can be obtained about Richard Brook, there is evidence of a living entity using the name. It’s all very hush hush, public statements about maintaining privacy and all that. But fact is that Riley has worked for the organisation. I need to dig deeper.”
They dance for a long time, only interrupting briefly to turn the record. When it ends for a second time, they just remain swaying close together, John’s head on Sherlock’s shoulder, Sherlock’s head on his, their arms round the other. “Let’s go to bed, Sherlock,” John whispers eventually. Sherlock nods.
“Yep, I — oh God.” John’s capacity for speech became limited or rather severely restricted the instant Sherlock leaned in closely and began to nose at and then lick the pulse-point behind John’s ear.
Mycroft inclines his head. “Mr. Pin of Pin & Tulip was quick to talk to the press, particularly the more right-wing papers such as the
“Just now you were holding my hand because you were scared enough to almost shit yourself, and now you want to go and talk to the ghost?”
Noticing a round of surprised glances, he smiles a little uncertainly. “I thought that perhaps, you might appreciate some live music. I mostly know classical pieces, but since I’m reasonably quick at picking up tunes, I think I could play some more popular songs as well.”
John pulls at his hand. “That’s when my notebook disappeared and the first of my jumpers went missing,” he hisses.
John sighs, running a hand over his face. “I didn’t pay enough attention to it at first. But there were instances when you flinched when there were loud noises, and immediately took up a protective or defensive stance. You always seem on high alert these days. When we’re somewhere new and potentially dangerous, you’re so high-strung that you seem to vibrate. Your unwillingness to talk about what happened to you is another indicator. For a long time, you made sure I didn’t see your back while you were in hospital. Sometimes, you woke suddenly from sleep and seemed disoriented, alarmed, even. I know you have nightmares. And there are many other small things I recognised from myself.”
Strangely, he left it at that, and refrained from complaining about the punctuality of the French rail service. In comparison to some lines in the UK it actually seemed rather reliable to John. The doctor watched his friend gaze at the toblerone again. “Come on, out with it.”
He lifts the violin to his shoulder again and begins to play. Soon, he gets swept away in the music, like so often when he is fully immersed in a piece. This particular one lends itself well to experimentation with its impressionistic elements. The cadenzas have a meditative quality. Sherlock plays with his eyes closed, his bow mimicking the flutter of bird’s wings in flight or the broad sweeps of pastoral British landscape the music seems to suggest. Dimly, he is aware of not always getting all the notes right, but it’s been a long time since he’s played this piece. He hears no sound of protest from John, however. In fact, he hears nothing from his audience, nor is Sherlock in any state to monitor John’s reaction.
“Perhaps I should have asked Sarah for some sleeping medication,” muses John, thumping his pillow angrily.
“Bloody hell,” John curses at Sherlock’s side, instinctively stepping in front of him. Irene Adler has pulled a small gun from her handbag and is pointing it at them steadily. The safety clicks off. John raises both hands in a gesture of appeasement.
“All right,” says John. Sherlock gives him a long glance, but finds his expression difficult to read. John hands him the keys and sinks into the passenger seat with a long sigh.
