He was walking down the almost empty halls on his way home when he saw Alastair and his friend corner a ninth-grader. They had formed a circle around him and Alastair was grabbing him by his collar, a devilish grin on his lips.
"You think you deserve to suffer because of all the things that happened to you. Well life ain't always how we want it to be. Get over it." "Are you serious right now. After everything I told you, after everything you saw, you think I should just get
So he changed his plans and drove to a nearby coffee shop to work on his job application. His parents had been paying for both his apartment and university but he was sure that they would stop paying after all of this was over.
“Hey”. He was still in his pajamas, the blanket from Castiel’s sofa slung tightly around him, not looking at him. Castiel’s hand reached out and turned Dean’s head towards him. Dean tried to avoid Castiel’s gaze, “Dean please look at me” Castiel’s voice was soft and filled with concern.
“Hey Cas” a voice behind them called and they all turned around to see Anna, Crowley, Sam, Ellen and Bobby walking towards them, a happy smile on all their faces.
Dean helped Castiel clean up the kitchen and then they went into Castiel’s bedroom, laying down on the floor on their backs. They just stared at the ceiling when the clock on Castiel’s nightstand made a sound, letting them know that it was past midnight. Dean let out a relieved sigh, turning towards Castiel.
“Dean… hmm… shouldn’t we get back to eating?” Cas asked once he pulled away. Dean was grinning like an idiot but shook his head.
When it was time for dessert, Dean put a pie on the table, which Cas had to admit looked really delicious. Dean had gotten pretty quiet and when Cas looked at him he was staring at his hands, fumbling with his napkin.
“Dean,” he breathed, opening his eyes, ”I need you,” he exclaimed, sounding really fucking needy but he didn’t care at that moment, the only thing in his mind was the pleasure caused by Dean. So Dean pulled his fingers away, Cas whining at the loss. He watched as Dean rolled the condom over his cock, squeezing some lube into his hand and stroking himself a few times, moaning at the friction. He lined himself up with Castiel’s hole but didn’t push in yet.
When he was lying in bed that night he thought about the last two days; He remembered how Dean had looked when he saw Castiel’s scars. There had been no disgust or anger, or even shame. The only thing Cas could see was love and admiration. You are beautiful that was what he had told him. You are beautiful to me. Cas could still not believe how lucky he was to have such an amazing boyfriend.
"Thank you. I don't know if it’s going to be necessary but I appreciate the offer". They continued talking about everything and nothing for a few more hours before she left and Castiel finally went to bed.
“Are you okay?” he asked concerned. Cas looked back into Dean’s eyes, blue orbs filled with lust and passion.
Please don't hate their stubborness in this chapter. Things will turn out fine but not without some drama first.
Closing the door, Castiel's knees gave out and he fell to the floor tears running down his swollen face. Dean sat next to him, letting Cas lay his head into Dean's lap. Castiel was sobbing tears blurring his vision. He couldn't stop his body from shaking and he had to force the urge down to vomit. They stayed like this for almost twenty minutes, Castiel's tears running freely down his face, Dean's hand stroking his hair. "I can't believe he did this." Cas said lastly. "It's okay" Dean said soothingly. "He can't get to you and if he does, I will be here to protect you". Cas didn't answer; instead he snuggled closer to Dean as he slowly sat up. "I have to tell you something" Cas said with a sight and then he told Dean everything. All the horrible things he had to go through in his childhood. all the names he was called, he told him about the mental and physical abuse he endured in his past. It took him a lot of time to go through all of these memories. To dug them back up after having locked them away for so long. It felt good finally getting all this weight off his chest. Dean didn't interrupt him. He just sat there and listened, occasionally stroking his hair or letting Cas clutch his hand, when he cried or when he started shaking from the memories. When he finished, he was crying, tears running down his face and body shaking heavily.
“You stupid son of a bitch…” he said as he stopped in front of them, Dean stepping closer towards Cas.
Dean stopped stroking his hair. When he opened his eyes, Dean looked concerned. " Cas..." he began but was cut off by Castiel. " Please, I don't want to talk about it. I just want to enjoy this moment with you, without having to think about my family or my brother". Dean didn't push him and laid his head back into the pillow. Their mood had dropped for some time but soon they were talking again, both happy to be around each other. They picked the date Dean would visit. He would stay for three days, if his parents allowed it.
“Oh, I’m sorry… I didn’t mean to interrupt…” he said in fake apology, placing a hand on Dean's shoulder, making sure Jake saw a rather possessive expression on the angel's face. Jake seemed to get the message and stood.
“Hey I’m Ash,” one of the guys said. He had blond hair which was shoulder long, and trimmed on the sides.
“Yes but not much.” Gabe quickly looked back at Cas who was too stunned to say something; his brother was straight out lying and he and Gabe knew that.
Hey guys, sorry it took me so long to upload again but I spent a lot of time on this one because it's the climax.
“Damn it! At least we can go check out that bar.” He suggested. “But tomorrow, I need some sleep. And food.”
After getting dressed in a comfortable sweater and some jeans, he went downstairs and was greeted by the smell of fresh coffee. Dean was standing in the kitchen pouring coffee into two cups and handing it to Cas who took it thankfully. They went outside and sat down onto the porch, where they had sat last night. They didn't talk. Didn’t need to. They just sat there watching the sun and the few cars that passed. Cas leaned against Dean's shoulder as his lack of sleep made itself noticeable. He didn't sleep though. Didn't want to, he just wanted to enjoy every moment he could with Dean, without having to pretend or lie. Entering the house again, they were greeted by his mother, who was making breakfast. "Good morning boys" she said, smile on her face. "Morning" they said simultaneously. "I thought we could do something all together since your dad doesn't have to work and It's Dean's last day here" she said and only then did Cas realize, that Dean had to go tomorrow. He didn't want him to go. "Yea that sound great" he answered, forcing a smile on his face. He wanted to be with Dean, and only Dean, that last day but now his plans were ruined.
Castiel’s first class today was psychology and he was really excited to have something to do again. Not that the last weeks hadn’t been great, but he could finally forget for a while and not get lost in his thoughts. Time flew by and suddenly it was lunchtime already. He sat at the wooden cafeteria tables with Dean. there weren’t that many people in the cafeteria, a group of girls on his right and some people with their noses in their books barely remembering to eat.  “I have an idea,” the man across from him said, “ what do you say we go see a movie this Friday and then grab something to eat?”. Cas thought about this idea for a moment. “I would like that”. He said smiling.
“Yeah, I guess so.” Cas seemed almost relieved and followed Dean outside and to the Impala, sitting shotgun as always.
"What is going on? You hardly spoke the whole ride here and you didn't even sing along to any song that came on. I can see that something is bothering you. Please talk to me". Cas said and took Dean's hands into his.
, he asked himself but he was interrupted by a door slamming shut, then a soft knock on the door. "Cas it's me," Dean said, his voice quiet. Cas opened the door and sighed as Dean walked in, his face slightly bruised. Castiel's eyes filled with concern. "What happened, are you okay". Dean sat down on the bed with a grunt. "Yes I am fine" but Cas didn't believe him. "You don't look fine". The other man sat next to him, looking at his face. "I said I am fine, Cas" Dean snapped and then stood up and exited the room, slamming the door shut.
"They did but after I moved out with Sammy they decided to move. Now they live in Wichita." Dean said. „That would mean that would have to drive at least five hours." Cas said realizing that five hours were a long time. He couldn't ask that of Dean. Dean probably guessing what Cas was thinking took his hand in his and Cas looked up at him. „Hey don't worry. There is nothing I wouldn't do for you and I don't mind. I like driving around with Baby. I want to come and visit your family. So please let me visit you in those days." A smile spread over his face. He never would have thought that someone would drive five hours just to see him. "Okay" he said.
"It's mine," Dean said next to him and this was the first time Gabriel really looked at Dean, questioningly.
“That’s great Cas. I’m happy for you.” The rest of the short drive they spent talking about their plans for Christmas and New Year’s. Cas would stay at the Winchesters house over the holidays.
They were woken up by someone cleaning their throat. Cas, still sleepy, lifted his head slightly looking at Dean. Dean was waking up and looked at him confused. Turning his head he saw his parents and Lucifer standing behind him. Cas froze and felt Dean's body stiffen as well. Fear rushed through his veins, as he pulled away and sat up, his head turned to his family. "What is going on here" his mother asked angrily. Cas didn't trust himself to speak but didn't have to as Dean answered for his. "We fell asleep on the couch, since we didn't get enough sleep last night" Dean said calm. Cas admired how he could stay so composed. "Is that how you fall asleep in college? Lying on one another" his mother getting angrier with every second. Cas finally trusted himself to speak. "It's not what it looks like..." he started but his father cut him off. “Yea. To me it looks like my gay son is all over his "friend"", anger in his voice as well. His heartbeat increased and Cas knew it was first signs of a panic attack but he tried to ignore them as best as he could. "I can stay here watching this, when I come back I want you to be gone" his father said before leaving, slamming the door behind him. "So Cassie, how long have you two been together. Or are you just fucking him because no one wants to be around you longer than he has to" his brother asked with a devilish smile. "Watch it" Dean snarled. He was standing now, fists clenched. Cas stood as well but to afraid to speak. He wanted to say so many things but he couldn't find his voice. "Stay out of this" Castiel's mother said, shooting him a sharp look. "The hell I am. You have treated him like he is less since we walked in here. Yes he likes boys. And, what is the problem. Only because you are too religious or whatever to understand him. You have no right to treat him that way because if you can't accept him that I am sorry but you're a shitty family and deserve to burn in hell". Dean yelled, face full of anger. Cas couldn't move. He just stood there, not being able to process what just happened. Dean had stood up to his family. They only knew each other for two months and he had done more for him than his family had ever done. He wanted to kiss him and hug him.
Cas put the gray shirt on and looked at himself in the mirror. The shirt was clearly too big for his body but he didn't care. Dean appeared and hugged him from behind, resting his chin on Castiel's head. They stayed like this for some time before going to bed. They fell asleep almost immediately, Castiel wrapping his arms around Dean's waist. Cas woke up at 3am, sweat soaking his shirt. He sat up and tried to stop himself from hyperventilating. He felt strong arms wrap around him, Dean's body pressing against his own, Dean humming a soothing melody. "It's going to be okay Cas. I am here" he said reassuringly, stroking Castiel's hair. Cas calmed down after some time, his heartbeat slowing down and his breath went back to normal. They stayed like this for a long time and even after they laid back down, Dean refused to let go of Cas. Castiel buried his face in the crook of Dean's neck and wrapped his arm around his neck. Dean kissed Castiel's head and tightened his grip around him slightly. The exhaustion caught up with them eventually and they fell asleep, both with their arms around each other.
“This is gorgeous Dean.” Castiel’s hand reached out wrapping itself around Dean’s red tie, pulling him closer and crushing their lips together. Castiel’s other hand combing through his hair, while Dean’s hands were on his hips, pulling him even closer. Soon they were both only in their slacks, laying in bed, Dean over Cas, kissing him passionately. The green-eyed boy was lowering his head, now pressing kisses against Castiel’s neck, sucking at the skin there, drawing a soft moan out of Castiel. Cas was so lost in this sensation he never wanted this to stop and he knew he could never get tired of kissing Dean.
“I am suing my family, what do you think?” he snapped back before turning to the window. Silence filled the small room of the car.
His eyes were filled with hope and love. Only then did Cas put all the pieces together; Dean’s weird behavior, the secret location. He had been planning this exact moment for what Cas thought, must be weeks. He focused back onto the man kneeling in front of him. A smile spreading across his face.
“Yes, Dean I want to marry you,” he said excitedly. Dean let out a sight of relieve before putting one of the rings on Castiel’s finger. The man admired it for a moment, taking in the plain yet pretty design of the ring. He then leaned forward, taking the other ring and putting it on Dean’s finger, before pulling him up and kissing him passionately. His tongue slid into Dean’s mouth almost immediately, making him groan. Castiel’s hands wandering to Dean’s sides, pulling him even closer.
Dean poured some coffee for Cas and then helped the other boy sit next to him on the kitchen counter, putting the food between them.
“Cas could you give us a minute?” his brother asked suddenly which made Cas raise his head and looked first at him and then at Dean, who gave him an encouraging nod. Castiel left the living room and went to the kitchen, sitting down on one of the chairs, again, staring at his hands. What if hey lost and the only thing they achieved was that his family hated him even more than they already did. If they won that would mean that his siblings had to live with their mother or they would be forced to go to foster families and Cas didn’t want either of these options for his younger brothers. He had only thought about his own benefit from this story and not about anybody else. God, he was so selfish!
On his way to the office he was a little nervous. Mostly because he hadn’t beaten anyone up, yet, so there should be no reason for him to be called there. Castiel entered the room, curious to see what they wanted from him. The principal, an older man in his mid-fifties, gestured for him to take a seat.
“Because I love you” he admitted reassuringly, pressing a soft kiss to Dean’s neck. The other man didn’t say anything else. He pressed a kiss onto Castiel’s messy hair and soon they were both asleep, holding each other in their arms.
“What? I’m awake,” he said. He exited the car quicker than he should have, thus causing him to lose his balance. He prepared himself for the hard landing if two strong arms hadn’t caught him in time.
They didn't talk much during the ride. Each of them lost in their own thoughts. They stopped for food after several hours of driving but again, no one really spoke. Arriving at their apartment back in Lawrence, Sam went upstairs straight away and thus left Dean and Cas alone. Dean was the first to speak, “I am sorry for snapping at you.” Dean’s eyes filled with guilt. Cas raised a hand cupping his cheek.
This is my first ever fanfic and I knoe its short but its just a test so please don't be too mean in the comments.
He shuffled into the kitchen, grabbing a mug and starting the coffee machine, the kitchen filling with the aroma of coffee. Sitting down on the table, he tried and failed, to rub the sleep from his eyes.
The years passed and John changed. He became more closed up, not that Dean could blame him after what had happened, he did the same. John started going out at night and coming home drunk, getting more violent and angry.  The day Sam had asked Dean what had happened to their mother, was the first day John became physical. He had interrupted them, it was night and after 3am, and he had seen Sam, and dean, crying. He must have understood what had happened and had slapped Dean across the face for telling Sam.  After that John had started getting physical more often. Dean had always taken the blow. He has had more broken ribs and bruises than he could count but he didn't care, as long as Sammy was safe. John had never touched Sam. Dean would never let that happen. Never. He had made that promise to himself and he was going to keep it.
“Hey relax,” Anna told him who must have noticed his anxiety, “everything will be fine,” she assured him.
“Morning,” he said wrapping his arms around Castiel’s waist from behind and laying his head on his shoulder.
“Cas what is going on?” he asked concerned. Cas averted his gaze looking at the floor before looking back into Dean’s eyes.
“Tomorrow maybe?” Cas suggested and Dean agreed. They laid there for a few more minutes and then went to bed.
“Yes Dean, I am,” he assured Dean, kissing him passionately. The other boy responded by deepening the kiss, his tongue diving into Castiel’s mouth, exploring the heat and wetness. He then trailed down until he alined himself with Castiel’s entrance again.
I'm sorry I haven't posted in three weeks but life has been very stressful. I will get back to posting once a week from now on or at least try to.
Sam came home a few hours later and they all sat down at the sofa and decided to watch some tv since Cas had a pretty bad hangover and wasn’t able to do anything without his muscles aching.
At dinner everybody was asking Castiel questions about his life. He had changed into another hoodie and he tried his best to answer all the questions with the things his family wanted to hear. Lucifer wasn't home yet and Castiel could enjoy his mother’s lasagna even more but his luck wouldn't last and he knew that. He had eaten half of his food, when he heard someone opening the front door. His blood froze and his heartbeat increased. His hand were shaking and he had to put them under his thighs so keep them still. Nausea spread in Castiel's body as he tried to keep his tears behind his eyelids. He could do this he said to himself. Only today and then Dean would be here and everything would be fine. Just one night. He tried to take deep breaths, which wasn't that easy since his body was trembling slightly. He heard the footsteps that approached the kitchen and before he could do stand up, Lucifer entered the kitchen and looked at him with a sheepish grin. "Hello brother."
“Cassie, baby-bro. Haven’t seen you in a few years. How is it going?” Cas sighed but he had a small smile on his lips. His brother was still the sugar-hyper archangel he’s always been.
Once they were ready, they made their way to the bar. It was pretty empty which made sense since it was the middle of the day and not many people were day drinking today.
“They are hideous” he mumbled, returning back to reality, as Dean’s fingers brushed over them. His hand stopped moving and his other hand lifted Castiel’s chin, making him look the green-eyed boy in the eyes.
He walked home after some time and made a quick stop at the supermarket to grab some vegetables and also some meat since he had none at home anymore. He suddenly had an idea and so after paying for his food, he decided to go to a nearby boutique to get something for Dean. While passing through the rackets of clothes he stopped in front of the tie-section. He spent some time looking for the right one until he found the perfect one. It was a plain, dark, apple-green tie, which had the same color as Dean’s eyes. He went to the checkout and had it wrapped up as a gift. He knew that they didn’t really give each other gifts but he just needed to buy it. He hadn’t heard anything of Dean yet but he wasn’t thinking about it too much because it wouldn’t do him any good. He parked his car outside of his house and then entered his apartment. He put everything away and then sat on the couch and decided to watch Love Simon for the fourth time.
It was already 8 pm when Cas was finally ready. It was the last day of the year and they would have dinner at Gabriel’s house and then drive to Anna’s party.
“I’ve gotta go. I promised Sammy I would pick him up,” Dean said before standing up. Cas grabbed his wrist though, pulling him back onto the couch.
“But this one jerk threatened me to behave or otherwise he would make my time there be like hell and then the principal told me that I have to change my appearance or otherwise there will be
“Have I told you, you look good when you are blushing?” Dean asked jokingly, which made Castiel’s face heat up even more. Cas turned back to Dean who was looking at him with pure love and affection in his eyes.
“Okay, okay. So...I had downed a few shots by now. I was out with Anna and she was just as drunk as I was. So we then had the brilliant idea to go steal a shopping card and drive around in it.” Dean’s eyebrows shot up to at that.
“Of course it is, just watch…” He said and walked out of the room, Cas following right behind him. He walked into the Winchesters room, ignoring Dean grumbling about privacy. He walked right up to Sam and pulled him down into a kiss. Sam froze for a second before he kissed back, his hands going to Gabe’s hair. Dean stared in disbelieve at what he saw and Cas was also frozen in his spot. Eventually, Gabe pulled back with a smirk, his cheeks flushed. Sam was blushing just as bad, running a hand through his hair. Gabe turned to Cas with a knowing smirk and then winked at Sam before he left the room. Sam looked after him for a second before he took off after him, leaving Cas and Dean to just stare at one another.
“Yes,” Dean told him and with that he sped up even more. Cas came with Dean’s name falling of his lips, cum splattered between them.
"Something I should have done a long time ago" Cas answered somewhat confident. Chuck’s gaze wandered from his son over to Dean, who had a cocky smirk on his lips before his eyes fixed on Gabriel. He looked at his oldest son, not believing what he saw.
Dean thought about that for a moment before he said, a sad smile tugging at the corners of his lips. “I dunno. I think I started exactly when the clock struck midnigh and have been drinkin the whole time until I came ere.”. Dean leaned against Castiel’s shoulder for a few moments steadying himself.
“Fine,” Cas said before leaning forward and pressing his lips against Dean’s again. The green-eyed boys hands wandered to Castiel’s jacket throwing it to the ground. Cas did the same and soon they were only in their button up shirts. Suddenly Dean turned them around and now Cas was pressed against the door, a gasp escaping his lips. He grabbed the collar of Dean’s shirt drawing him closer. Dean’s leg found it’s way between Castiel’s, making Cas moan at the friction. Dean’s leg stayed there as his hands wandered to the hem of Castiel’s shirt, searching for permission before unbuttoning it slowly. When he had finished he discarded it to the rest of their clothes. His hands roamed now over Castiel’s bare chest, fingers ghosting over his arms. Castiel tried to do the same but Dean grabbed his wrist before he was able to. Cas looked up, a questioning look on his face. Instead of answering Dean lifted Castiel up, the other boys legs slung tighty around Dean’s waist as he walked them to the bed, letting Castiel down gently before climbing on top of him. Dean leaned down, kissing Cas again before pulling away.
“Sorry,” Dean mumbled as he leaned down to grab the knife. What Dean did next, made Cas taking in a sharp breath. Dean was kneeling in front of him, a small blue box in one hand. Inside the box were two silver rings.
“The jury has decided. In terms of the charges the Novak family has been found guilty in all charges.” Castiel’s eyes widened as happiness and relief ran through his body. Tears formed in his eyes as a big smile spread across his face. Castiel had to control himself though since the sentence hadn’t been spoken yet and the trial wasn’t finished yet. He quickly glanced at Dean who was beaming with happiness.
Arriving at the airport, all of them exited the car and Dean went to the trunk to get their belongings. They farewelled Sam and Jess, hugging them tightly before walking towards the big building, hands intertwined.
“More than fine.” He said and kissed Cas’ fingers. There was a high pitched squeal and they all turned to see Charlie jumping up and down happily.
“Cas? A little help?” Dean asked from the hole he was currently in, holding a shovel up to Cas. He rolled his eyes before he rolled up his sleeves and jumped down too.
“Hey, it’s fine. I’m not mad at you if that’s what you think. I know how hard this must be for you because even though they are behaving like assholes towards you, they are still family…” Dean said, sadness filling his beautiful green eyes.
sorry I haven't uploaded in such a long time. I haven't forgotten about this story don't worry I just had a lot to do for school and after that, I was away for a week meaning I had now internet. I also got sick which made it hard to write and I found a beta reader, who I want to thank for reading this chapter and helping me.
When Dean woke up the next morning, it was to someone knocking on his door. He groaned and leaned up on his elbows.
They went to the Old Town. They drove with two cars, Dean driving the Impala, Cas sitting shotgun, and Michael in the back. He hated his brother for sitting there, even if he was only ten; they still had to act normal, just in case. Going on a trip with his family was better than expected. Mostly because he was walking with Dean and showing him all the beautiful houses and everything. They ate dinner at a restaurant, with view on the fountain. Back at the house, each of his family members returned to their tasks, which left the two boys alone in the living room. They curled up on the coutch and opened Netflix. Dean had never watched
They left the movie theater still holding hands and walked towards the Impala. It was getting dark outside even though it was only shortly after 5 pm. Dean drove Cas home, kissing him goodbye before setting off to pick up Sam from Jessica’s house.
“Yes, that sounds like a good idea.” He smiled and Dean just stared for a second or two before he shook his head and left. Cas sighed quietly and fidgeted with his empty beer bottle.
“Okay I have to go now, see you tomorrow,” Gabe said before ending the call. Once they had hung up he quickly texted Anna.
The next day Cas was studying the whole morning. Dean had gone out to get some groceries for the next few days. The whole time Cas could see how tense Dean was. He didn't know what had happened with his father but it had to be pretty bad for him to be so unease all the time. It was past 9 pm when they heard someone trying to open the door with a key. They were all sitting in the living room, when a man entered the house, clearly drunk. He threw his jacket on the floor and walked towards them. "Hey dad," Dean said, trying to act as normal as possible. "That goddamn sucker played me but he already regretted the day he was born after I was finished with him" the man slurred and walked towards the kitchen. Only now did Cas notice the bruised face and the small cuts. "Did you get into a fight again?" Dean asked straightening his back. "He deserved it and it is none of your business anyway," the man said, his voice rising slightly. "Guys go upstairs please and don't come out no matter what you hear. Lock the doors" Dean's voice was demanding and he slowly stood up, approaching his father. Cas and Sam stood up and went upstairs. Cas did as he was told and locked the door. He could hear raised voices and then something breaking. Another loud thump and then silence. The whole time his heart was racing and he was anxious about what was going on.
“Oh I understand. Sorry guys but this is important. So you know my boss Roman? Yea well he is a dick,” she said, anger flaring up in her voice, “today Charlie came by my work with Dorothy. I was busy at the register, so I couldn’t greet her immediately. They sat down at a booth together and they were holding hands, and then I hear that jerk say something like, how disgusting they shouldn't be holding hands. I glared at him, filled with rage. I would have said something but I didn’t want to lose my job and..” she stopped gathering her thoughts, taking a few breaths before continuing, “anyways he has said some other stuff over the past as well, like how women shouldn’t be fighting for their rights and should just be happy with what they have or that people
“I gotta go,” Dean said before leaving the cafeteria. Cas made his way to his next class trying not to think about what he just learned and that he kinda outed himself already.
“No, don’t worry-” Before he could finish the sentence, Dean threw himself at Cas, tackling him to the ground. The next thing he heard was a loud crashing sound. He looked up at Dean confused and slightly shocked.
Even though he knew that he should probably study, he simply wasn’t able to and he knew that if he would try to, it wouldn’t benefit him at all. So he decided to sleep for a few hours and then pull an all-nighter, which was something he had done a lot of times so he was used to it. His alarm went off at around 4:45pm and after making himself something to eat, he sat down and started studying.
When his alarm went off, Dean groaned and rolled over, turning it off. He laid in his bed for a few minutes, staring at the ceiling. He really wasn’t in the mood for researching and looking for another hunt right now. They had just gotten back yesterday evening and he had finally gotten more sleep but he knew that his geek of a brother, and Cas, would already search for a new case. With a grunt, he stood and went to get some coffee.
, taking a lot of pictures to remember these events and to show to their friends and family. They decided to have dinner in a small restaurant near their hotel. The food was delicious and they both spent a lot of time just talking and having a good time in general.
Dean woke up to raised voices. It was still dark outside. He looked around the room, his eyes trying to focus on the alarm clock on his bedside table. It was a bit after 2:30 am, November 2nd. The air was smelling like burned wood which started to scare the young boy. Dean stood up and opened his door. A flood of heat crashed into his body and he backed away slightly, his eyes still adjusting to the light. He ran to Sammy's room and froze. The whole room was on fire, his father having his back towards Dean, Sam in his arms. Fear rushed through his veins, the heat almost unbearable. John turned around and yelled something at Dean. The young boy was too shocked to understand until his father handed him his little brother and said over the sound of the flames "Take your brother outside as fast as you can" and with that Dean ran outside, not turning around. He heard screams, female screams mostly but for some reason, he didn't stop running until the cold night air hit his face. Sammy was crying and screaming and Dean tried to calm him down. He was standing on the opposite side of the street when his father ran outside the fully burning building and came towards them. John was looking at the house, tears in his eyes. Dean didn't understand what happened and where his mom was. It only took him a few seconds to understand though and then he automatically fell on his knees and started sobbing.
“I like your hair like this way.” He smirked. Cas smiled softly before he kissed Dean again, the kiss growing more passionate.
Dean went inside to get a drink and Castiel just sat there, more alcohol in him than he wanted to admit, and looked at the stars. He was so happy with Dean. The last week was one of the best he had lived in a long, long time. After some time he went inside to look for Dean. When he entered the room and spotted him immediately. He walked towards him but froze halfway. Dean was standing at the beer-pong table and had his arm around a girl. He thought that maybe she was just a friend of his but then he saw how low Deans hand was on her back, Castiel felt like he had to throw up. Tears filled his eyes and since Anna was nowhere, he grabbed a bottle of some alcohol and left. He was walking home, drinking and thinking. How could he have been so blind? Of course Dean was only playing him. Why wouldn't he. Dean just wanted to have some fun and then laugh about Castiel with his friend. Why did he even think he could be any different from all the other "
“So Dean, Sam and I have been talking about this for a while and we wanted to ask you if you could help us with something else. As you know John Winchester has been a horrible father and is clearly not able to take care of his children, especially Sam. Even though he hasn’t demanded Sam to come back and live with him, he could very well do so. Because of that and also the fact that Sam would rather stay with Dean, we wanted to ask you if you could help us to get Dean to be his legal guardian,” he concluded, curious to see what his brother would say.
“Hey is everything alright?” he asked concerned. Dean turned around to face him, a smile on his lips that didn’t quite reach his eyes.
“Yes I didn’t help him because it wasn’t my place to say or do something,” he said confidently. Castiel’s hands started sweating as he heard his brothers words.
The rest of the day they spent walking around the city or listening to music in the park. Back at home, Sam had texted Dean what he would stay at Jess's house, they took a blanket and something to eat and went outside and sat on the porch, snuggled inside the thick blanket. They just sat there and talked about different subjects. “Wait here" Dean said suddenly and stood up. "Where are you going" Cas asked but Dean was already inside. When he came back, he had a guitar in his hand. "No" Cas said, refusing to take the instrument Dean was holding towards his direction. "Come on I only heard you play once and that was when we had fought" Dean said sitting down again pressing his shoulder against Castiel's. Cas looked at him for a few moments before sighting and taking the guitar. He knew he couldn't argue about that with Dean. He felt the familiar shape when he steadied the guitar on his knee and pulled a few strings. He played a few cord before playing an actual melody and Cas started singing.
“I know but for Sammy’s sake I would talk about anything,” he admitted looking over at his brother who was giving him a big smile. Castiel searched for Dean's hand, intertwining their fingers.
"Cas, stop. Please don't think about that. Don't let his words get to you. We won't lose. The jury will make the right decision and Gabriel and I will do everything in our power to help you". Dean took Castiel's hand back into his and kissed the back of it softly, certainty in his green eyes.
“Mr. Novak” Gabe said which made Lucifer draw his gaze away from his little brother and fixed it on Gabriel now.
“Then I have no further questions, your honor,” Gabe said, cutting anything off Lucifer could have said.
"I don't think that you and my client should talk face to face anymore. Everything you want to say will be over your lawyers and I also think that my client doesn't feel safe in your presence anymore. Isn't that right?" he asked, shooting a glance at Cas who just nodded. They turned around and walked away. Cas was searching for Dean's hand again. As they were leaving they heard Lucifer say
Cas was truly happy and he could finally start letting go of his old demons and fears; of course the memories still lingered in the back of his mind but they didn’t affect him as much anymore. He still woke up, screaming and shaking sometimes, but Dean was always there, helping him calm down, making Castiel feel safe. Soon summer would come and they had decided to drive to the beach, just the two of them for a few days, relaxing and enjoying their time together, before they had to work again.
“No Cas it’s fine you don’t have to ask…” Dean said next to him and Cas noticed for maybe the first time how insecure Dean was of something. He looked over to his boyfriend and locked eyes with him.
“Your tie.. it’s…” Dean said before his hands went up to fix Castiel’s tie, which was turned around and slightly crooked to the left. Cas smiled shyly before exiting the room, Dean following him.
“Thank you. It’s beautiful.” He set on opening the second present. When the paper was all gone and he was looking at the cover of the book in his hand he looked a little confused. Cas chuckled lightly.
“It’s great,” he exclaimed. They finished their soup and then Dean pulled out a few other containers with meat, rice and baked potatoes. They ate the meal as well, Cas praising Dean’s cooking skills, as they talked casually about everything that came to their mind.
“Wow indeed. So… this?” He gestured between them. “You want this?” Dean placed a hand on his cheek, rubbing his cheekbone.
"Good morning," he said his voice raspy. Cas propped himself onto his elbow, his dark hair even messier than usual.
Without reacting to anyone’s stares or whispers he walked to his locker. He had already been here after everybody had left on friday to get his lesson plan and see his locker. He opened it and put some of his textbooks in there. His first class was history and he made his way to the classroom.
“Dean?” He asked confused but he didn’t answer. Instead, he walked towards Cas, his stare blank and without any warning, he punched him. The punch didn’t hurt as much as the fact that it was
“Hey I’m Castiel Novak, I’m 18 years old and i just moved here with my family,” he concluded. She thanked him before saying that he should take a seat. He looked around the room before finding one empty seat next to another boy. He sat down next to him and pulled out his pencil case which was scribbled on with different colors during boring lessons and his notebook. The lesson went by quickly and it was even a bit interesting.
was playing and Castiel’s eyes started filling with tears but he blinked them away, as Dean approached, a grin on his lips.
“And we remembered that Dean had told us about it a few weeks back and decided to come since you are practically family now,” Bobby said and Cas looked at all of them with a thankful look. He was so glad to have met so many great people in his life that actually cared about him.
The next on the stand was his mother. She was wearing a long, blue dress and her red-ish hair was bouncing off of her shoulders as she walked to the front.
“Hey can I sit here?” the boy from one of his classes said. The one Cas was crushing on, to be exact. Castiel gestured to one of the many empty chairs to which he complied.
Castiel just wanted to go grocery shopping but he finds himself sitting at a coffee shop with Dean...
When everyone left it was already after 2 am, and Rafael and Michael had fallen asleep a few hours ago on Dean’s sofa and were now complaining about having to drive home. Everybody had helped clean the kitchen a little, taking the plates they had brought with them, home again. Sam had gone to bed, tired from the night and the alcohol, leaving Cas and Dean alone. The two boys were sitting in the living room, each a glass of Whiskey in hand, talking about the past day.
Last year he wouldn’t have dreamt of being in a relationship, let alone so publicly. Dean and Cas left at around 10 pm, wishing all of them a good New Year before walking to the Impala.
“You first,” Cas said, gesturing to the presents in Dean’s lap. He took the first one and slowly opened it, careful to not damage the content.
“Nope. You’ll see soon enough, angel.” He promised and boobed his nose. Cas scrunched up his nose and pouted at Dean before he smirked.
“Is it true that when your brother was abused in school you didn’t do anything to help him, even when you saw it and if so why?” Gabe asked his face stone cold.
When they stopped kissing this time, they were both panting heavily, ready to take this back home and celebrate.
They got ready for bed, Dean borrowing a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt from Cas. He was still completely drunk and Cas had to help him get changed. They were lying in Castiel’s bed, the lamp on his nightstand turned off, facing each other in the dark. Cas was almost asleep, his eyes heavy from the exhaustion.
"Well Dean-o over here seems to like you if he leaves me alone, so sit with you," he said with a smirk. Dean almost choked on his water.
Dean was sitting on the kitchen counter with a plate of pancakes in his lap and a book in his right hand. Castiel entered the room, rubbing sleepily at his left eye, trying to wake up completely.
Cas then was hugged by all of his friends and received an extra long hug from Gabriel, which he genuinely gave back, whispering a thank you before pulling away. The group was talking in the hallway of the courthouse when Lucifer walked angrily towards them.
“Dean?” He said but he had already drawn his gun, ready to fight. Cas straightened as well, slipping his angel blade into his hand. The lights flickered more before they turned off completely, the only light in the room coming from a streetlight outside. Thankfully Cas was able to see in the dark and moved closer to Dean, partly on instinct and partly because he wouldn’t let anybody hurt him.
“And now by the power vested in me by the Kansas Church of God, it is my honor and delight to declare you husband and husband. Go forth and live each day to the fullest. You may seal this declaration with a kiss.”
When Cas woke up again, Dean was still next to him. He looked up at the man next to him and smiled. He was really happy. Dean's eyes opened and now they were looking into each other’s eyes. "Morning sunshine" Dean said. "How are you feeling today". "I don't know. It still hurts a lot when I move" Cas admitted. "Well then don't move" Dean suggested. "Can I ask you something" Cas said, voice unsure. "Always". Castiel thought about his question a little before he asked "So...um...did you patch me up all by yourself". Dean smirked a little. "Not exactly. I mean I clean your wound and everything but Bobby and Ellen did most of the hard work, like the stitching" Dean said, face blushing slightly. before Castiel could say something, the door opened and two people entered the room. A man and a woman in their mid fifties entered the room and approached them. "So you must be Castiel" the woman said and Cas nodded. "I am Ellen and this is Bobby. We are the ones who practically saved your life". Cas looked at them for a moment before thanking them, his cheeks blushing a little. "How are you feeling son" the man asked. "I think I am fine I guess. I don't know I haven't been stabbed before" Cas said trying to sound somewhat happy. "Well we don't get to fix people up that often anymore. You see Bobby and I were surgeons but we don't work anymore. We only do small stuff like fix Dean or his brother after they got into a fight or something. But we haven’t stitched anyone up lately. I am surprised Dean didn't bring you to a hospital. You really have to be someone special..." Ellen trailed off and Cas looked at Dean who was looking uncomfortable, cheeks hot. "Yea well, why don't you get a shower and I'll look at the wound" Bobby suggested nodding towards Dean. Dean got up and pressed a soft kiss onto Castiel's forehead before disappearing into the hallway, closely followed by Ellen.
Dean, you know you want this too so don’t back out of this was what Cas was trying to tell Dean through his gaze, and it looked like Dean gave in and told him to get it over with. So Cas averted his gaze back to his brother.
It was already after 7 pm when they decided to leave. All three of them were ready to go. When Dean opened the door, he froze. His father was standing in front of him, clearly drunk, and before Dean could do anything, he felt a fist collide with his face.
“I think I should leave. You seem like you need to talk about things. It was nice meeting you Dean,” he said and then left, leaving a fuming Dean and a pissed Cas behind. Without saying anything he grabbed Cas’ hand and pulled him outside into an ally before he pushed him against the nearest wall, one hand horizontally on his chest, pinning the Angel.
“Is it maybe because you don’t agree with his sexuality and you think it’s a sin and he will go to hell?”
When he entered the classroom, it was packed with students sitting on tables and chairs, talking to each other. Anna wasn't in his class, which forced his to sit alone. The lesson passed quickly, as they learned about some of the greatest writers in history. The rest of the day went by quickly and after school, he decided to go to the coffeshop across the library, get a coffee and then study in the library, since he had already two assignments which were due this Friday. He ordered a cappuccino and made his way to the library.
“Castiel and Dean will now exchange rings as a symbol of love and commitment to each other,” the officiant said. That was Sam’s cue who walked up to them, giving the box with the two rings to his older brother.
When he heard the engine of the impala pulling into their driveway, he practically ran out of the door and into Dean's embrace. "I missed you" Cas mumbled as he took in Dean's scent. Dean's strong arms felt great and safe around him. For just a second he forgot about all his problems but then Dean pulled away. "I missed you too" he said. They chatted a little bit outside and then entered the house. Dean left his back at the hallway and after that they drove to the city. While they were driving, they didn't talk much. Cas was mostly enjoying the moment and Dean, who was singing to AC/DC.
“I guess not…” Dean thought that Cas looked adorable all flustered and shy. He leaned forward and placed a finger under Cas’ chin, lifting it before he kissed him chastely.
They stayed at Castiel's room, listening to their playlist and flipping through an old photo album, Dean had found. They laughed at all the embracing and cute pictures of Cas as a baby. Everything was fine and Castiel could forget about his brother and all of his problems. He loved those small moments of happiness, even though he knew they would go away and pain would take over. Dean had fallen asleep on his bed and Cas took the opportunity to write down a poem. He hadn't done that in a very long time and it always relaxed him. He pulled out his notebook and started scribbling down some words. He was almost finished when he felt Dean shift next to him. "What are you doing" Dean asked. "Nothing" Cas answered and put his journal back underneath his pillow.
“I know but I’m still way too nervous. What if something doesn’t go as planned or what if I accidentally trip and fall or what if Dean doesn’t want to marry me after all or what if…” he trailed of. Anna put a hand on his shoulder, trying to calm him down.
He arrived in front of the classroom almost half an hour earlier than he had to which gave him enough time to look at his notes. He entered the room at 11:55am and walked to his seat. He was really afraid and nervous, his hands were clammy and he kept bouncing his knees up and down. But still, he tried to focus on the task at hand and ignoring his nerves.
The after party was awesome. Cas hadn't had such a great time, in years. After the first dance of the night, which the couple danced to Hey Jude by the Beatles, honoring Dean’s mother who used to sing this to Dean when he was younger, everybody got on the dancefloor, moving along to the music. Cas was already a little drunk by the time they cut the cake. To Castiel’s defense it wasn’t his fault.
“Hey, I think I got it,” Cas said, ten minutes later. He used his shovel to break the weak top of the wooden coffin. Inside it was a skeleton, so at least it wasn’t a fake one, probably.
“An answer would be nice, Cas.” He chuckled nervously and apparently that’s what got Cas out of his stupor. The next thing he knew, he had his arms full of angel, being kissed everywhere Cas could reach.
“Seems like it could have been a ghost, although it’s not here anymore as it looks like which could mean the spirit is attached to an object?”
After Dean had left, Cas called his mother to ask her if it was okay. She agreed and was happy that one of Castiel's friends would visit. He took a quick shower and then went to the kitchen to make some dinner. He knew that he had to tell Dean about his past one day but he just wasn’t ready yet. He wasn't ready to reveal all the bad things that had happened to him. He stayed up late, reading some poetry and writing some of it in his notebook. The clock on his desk showed that it was already two am and he had a lesson at eight am tomorrow, so he crawled into bed and tried to keep all the bad things out of his mind.
So that's it. This is the last chapter of my story. After you read this it'll all be over. I hope the road was great and I hope you all had fun reading it. I am so grateful that I got to bring you along on this crazy story and just wanted to say thank you to everyone who helped me and who read this. So yea thanks, guys.
Cas did his best to keep them away from Dean, not wanting them to hurt Dean but one of them must have passed him because when he looked back at Dean, he was standing and glaring at Cas.
“But what Mr.Novak. You just confessed that you badly injured my client and we have proof for that as well” Gabe said his anger rising as he the pictures of Castiel’S lower back, and the ugly scar, were shown.
“Hello, can I help you?” The bartender said as they walked inside. Dean walked up to him with a smile.
Castiel was buttoning up his shirt when Dean walked up behind him, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s waist.
“Sammy?” Cas turned around and saw Dean almost running towards them before falling to his knees himself, hugging the younger boy. After a few moments, he asked.
“I’d like to call my last witness, Lucifer Novak” he stated. When Lucifer went to the seat at the front, Cas could feel his throat close even more. His brother had a confident smirk on his face which Cas hated. He gazed over the room until his eyes met Castiel’s. Cas wanted to look away but felt unable to. His stomach turned by the cold and evil look in his brothers' eyes. They were so filled with rage and anger that Cas was afraid of what would happen if they lost.
“Dean, come on!” Sam said, quickly walking into his room. When they heard the door close, Dean broke out into laughter. Cas punched him playfully in the arm.
Cas sighed and opened his eyes, looking around but there was nobody. He was about to go back inside when he heard the flapping of wings and then his brother was standing in front of him, a huge grin on his face.
Hey guys I am sorry it took me so long to update but I had finals this week and so I had no time to write.
“C’mon Dean, faster,” Cas commanded, gripping Dean’s hips tighter, as he tried to make him move faster. The other boy picked up his speed, and soon they were panting, exchanging wet kisses as they swallowed each others moans. Castiel could feel his orgasm sneak up on him and he told Dean to go even faster. Dean thrusted faster, harder, hitting that sweet spot every time.
Castiel was starring at the door on the other side of the room. He was sitting on the edge of the bathtub and starred into space, Dean next to him. All the memories from his childhood came back. All the horrible things he had to go through and all the pain. Tears were filling up his eyes again and he felt his body shaking. Dean's grip around his arm tightened and he felt how the other man put down the scissors and pulled Cas closer to him. Cas was now leasing against Dean's chest, silent tears running down his bruised face. They sat there without saying a word for a long time before, Dean got back to patching him up, still staying silent. When they finished, Cas had calmed down again and he was just quietly sitting there, while Dean cleaned everything up. He wanted to do something, say something, but he couldn't. His body felt numb. "Dean... I am so sorry..." he finally said. "Hey it's okay. You don't have to apologize for anything. It's not your fault." Dean said wrapping him into a tight embrace. "So let's go and pack up your things" Dean said and walked to the door.
They entered the house, Sam was already asleep, and they went straight to Dean’s bedroom, leaving their jackets on the coat rack. The moment the door closed behind him, Cas was pressed against the door, and for a moment anxiety rushed through him because of similarity to the night Dean was drunk came to his mind. Those thoughts were pushed away when Dean’s lips captured his, pulling him into a passionate kiss. Soon Dean’s hands around his wrists loosened and wandered down his sides. Castiel’s own hands wandered to Dean’s suit-jacket, taking it off and throwing it on the ground.
I decided to make this one a little bit longer since I wanted to reward you guys with a bit more story till next year. Hope you like it.
Dean was as exhausted as Castiel, though he had the time to drink a coffee before they had to leave. Cas on the other hand had misplaced his passport and spent the whole morning searching for it, until he found it five minutes before Gabriel arrived in one of his coat pockets.
he thought as he exited the bathroom to see Sam still grinning like an idiot. After the Gabe incident, he hadn’t come back until a few hours later, holding hands with the archangel. Sam told him later that they had talked and were now together. Dean was happy for his brother, even if a small part of him was jealous that Sam had what he so desperately wanted with Cas…
The next few days Dean and Cas spent by walking through town before ending up in a cafe or bookshop, not only to warm their bodies from the cold but also to look for more books they could buy. Dean mostly sat in a chair waiting for Castiel to finish his shopping before leaving again, continuing their walk.
The corners of Castiel’s lips rose up at that and he leaned forward pressing a soft kiss to Dean’s cheek.
Only 45 minutes later they were all on their way to Castiel’s apartment. Well not all of them since Balthazar and Ash had to leave. Dean would meet them there he promised.
“I don wanna go to bed yet,” Cas slurred, still too much alcohol running through his veins to think straight. (the two glasses of whiskey he had all but drowned while they played didn’t help either).
After making ready, it was 7pm. and they decided to go get a drink. Castiel's family had returned and again, five pairs of eyes looked at them when they entered the living room. "Mom, Dean and I are gonna eat outside today". "If you want to, sure have fun". Cas could hear the dislike of his idea in his mother’s voice but he didn't care. They drove with the Impala, Cas was sitting shotgun. At the bar, it was one of Castiel's favorite; they sat at a booth at the back of the bar and ordered a beer each. It was fun and they quickly began drinking shots and whiskey and than shots again, until both of them were drunk. It was Deans turn to drink a tequila shot. He took the salt shaker into his hand but instead of licking his hand, he came closer to Cas and licked his neck. Cas couldn't help but smile. Dean poured some salt on Cas's skin and then licked over it again. He looked him in the eyes, biting his bottom lip and then he drank his shot never breaking eye contact and then bit into the lemon. Castiel couldn't stop grinning. Maybe it was because of the things Dean just did, or maybe it was because of the alcohol, he couldn't tell. They stayed at the bar for another hour and then ordered a taxi, since neither of them was in the state to drive.
Castiel couldn't stop looking at Dean. He looked awesome in a suit. The black suits with the green tie made his eyes look even more beautiful. Castiel walked towards him and greeted him. Dean smiled when he saw Castiel and after the usual small talk, Dean took a drink and they went outside. Castiel looked around and saw Anna talking with some guy, so he followed Dean into the fresh air. Outside they sat at a bench. "So... are you here with someone?" was the first thing Dean asked. "Yea with Anna. She's just a friend though. you?" Cas asked in response. "I am alone. My roommate wanted to come but then he ditched me the last second." "That sucks" Castiel said, although he was kind of happy that Dean hadn't mentioned any girl yet. After a couple of drinks, both had taken turns in getting drinks, they were still sitting on the bench, although now Dean’s arm was resting on his shoulders.
“I mean, why didn’t you tell me that you had a crush on me?” Dean asked. Cas shrugged and ducked his head.
“Let’s salt and burn this and then leave,” Dean said as he caught the salt Sam threw. Once the coffin was covered in salt and gasoline, the two men climbed up and out of the hole. Dean lit a match and threw it inside, the wood catching fire almost immediately. In the new light, Dean looked handsome as ever. Cas was aware that this was
They slipped into the car, Dean holding Cas’ door open again. Behind the steering wheel, Dean pulled the sun visor down and attached one of the pictures to the side of it before flipping it close again. He glanced over and saw Cas smiling at him with so much love and adoration, it was almost too much. Instead of saying something he grinned cockily and kissed Cas’ cheek.
Back at the Impala, after over an hour of searching for everything, Dean made a number of calls to clarify some things for today's evening.
The library was pretty empty but he still chose a table at the back. He laid all his stuff at the table, plugged his headphones in and started researching for his essay in history. Hours passed without Castiel noticing it and when he finally looked at his phone, it was almost 5pm. He had finished most of his work by that time and since he had nothing else to do, he decided to go buy some things he still needed for university. When he grabbed his coffee, he noticed that it was full again, which was weird since Cas remembered it being empty. When he turned it around he found a number on it with the name
Upon entering all eyes looked at him; some with curiosity and some with confusion. The teacher turned towards him, a fake smile on her lips.
“Not necessarily. I mean maybe the ghosts were close to the current owner and they help them get revenge.”
Anna took his hands and forced him to look at her „listen to me, you won't. You aren't at high school anymore. You understand. And even if you disgrace yourself, they have no proof that it was you." she said and pulled him into a tight hug. Castiel loved Anna. Not in a romantic kind of way, since he was gay, but in a best friend kind of way. They had hit it off the first day they had met at school. Anna was new in class and he expected her to bully him like everyone did but she didn't. When he had had one of his panic attacks and hid behind the schools building, she came and asked him if everything was okay. She sat with him until he had calmed himself down and he knew at that exact moment, that he never wanted to lose her.
"What the hell do you think you are doing?" his father asked when they arrived where they were standing.
“I’m sorry,” he said quietly, not looking at Dean. The green-eyed boy leaned closer, interlacing their fingers. He just sat next to Cas, without saying something. Cas forced the tears that were burning at the corners of his eyes away, sighing heavily.
“I think I found something.” He said as he turned the laptop towards the two brothers. “According to this, in the ’20s this bar called
“I’m glad you like it, bee.” He smiled. Cas seemed to contemplate something before he snapped his fingers and a small box appeared in his hand as well. Dean just froze, not knowing what to say. Cas smiled softly as he pulled away enough to be on one knee.
“Dean,” Castiel said in a gentle voice, “you won’t hurt me okay? If it’s uncomfortable then I’ll let you know. And being afraid or scared isn’t a bad thing. We’ll do it together and then it won’t be so scary anymore,” he soothed, reaching out a hand and caressing Dean’s cheek.
When they finally arrived at the Winchester house, it was already 1am in the morning. They entered the house and Sam went straight to his room, mumbling a tired good night as he walked upstairs. Dean led Cas to his room after drinking a glass of water. Even though the house wasn't really big or something, with bottles lying around the living room and the kitchen, Cas already loved this place. They went upstairs and entered Dean’s room. When dean turned the light on, Cas was met with a small-ish room. The first thing he saw was Deans king sized bed, which was standing in the middle of the room and was talking away most of the space. The covers where made and on top of them were some pillows. Nothing special. Over the bed were some band posters. They were decorating the wall, together with some pictures. His desk was squeezed between to bookshelves on the other side of the room. His desk was kept pretty simple with only the necessary things on it. The bookcase to the right was filled with old books and journals. Cas loved it. The other one, Cas founds out, wasn't a bookcase and was rather a dresser.
While they ate they talked about their plans for the rest of the day and decided they would take a walk through the city for a few hours after finishing their meal, even though it was pretty cold. When it was time to leave Dean pulled out his wallet wanting to pay.
Dean was lucky and found a parking spot right in front of the doors. Inside it was packed with people doing last minute Christmas shopping and the three boys decided to split up. Sam would get the vegetables and Dean would take care of the things they would need for the pies, yes they would have more than one, while Cas took care of the meat and some other essentials for tonight's dinner.
Dean decided he may as well go grab them some lunch and was on his way up the stairs when a voice spoke.
with this ring, I thee wed,” Dean concluded, not letting go of Castiel’s hand immediately and just staring into his eyes. The officiant’s voice made both men look at her.
“Cas you two have been staring at each other with so much happiness. Also you know that you didn’t hide those hickeys well,” Gabe told him teasingly, clearly amused at his little brother’s discomfort.
“Well because it was his fault. He had brought this onto our family and he needed to be redeemed in order for him to go to heaven. We only did what God told us to do. Not more and not less.” His father spoke with such confidence in his voice that it made Cas want to throw up.
“Anyway I have to go. Talk to you later,” Dean said before hanging up. Cas rolled onto his back, sighting. He had only slept for four hours after spending the whole night studying for an important exam in psychology he had today. His eyes felt sleepy and he had to force himself out of bed, not trusting himself to wake up in time for his test if he fell asleep now.
“I may have an idea. I’ll be back in a few.” Cas said and didn’t wait for an answer as he left the room, rounding the corner and leaning against the wall.
“Cas?” His train of thought was interrupted by Dean’s voice. The green-eyed boy sat down next to him, looking at his face with worry in his eyes. Cas was still gazing at his hands when Dean’s fingers were placed underneath his chin, making him look at the other boy.
“Fine.” he said before Cas continued kissing Dean, who immediately leaned into the kiss, pulling Cas closer and back into a lying position. He started rocking his hips, grinding against each other. Cas let out a deep moan at the friction that was caused and Dean repeated the motion, a smirk on his lips. He pressed a few kisses onto Castiel’s jaw before trailing down to his neck, sucking at the sensitive skin there. Soon enough a hickey started forming and Dean licked over it, soothing the mark. He made his way to Castiel’s abdomen, hands roaming over muscles, as groans escaped the boy beneath him, Cas’s hands in Dean’s hair. Suddenly Cas remembered that Dean was still wearing his shirt and so he pulled him upwards, letting his hands wander to the first button. He slowly opened it, exposing the collarbone underneath the thin fabrik. He continued these slow motions as he unbuttoned the rest of the shirt and a smirk crept on his lips, seeing how crazy it made Dean. When he finished, he almost ripped it off of Dean and then he pushed him onto the mattress, starting to kiss and lick the now bare chest.
“Dean, stop.” He pleaded, knowing that he would never hurt Dean. He started attacking again and the only thing Cas could do was shield himself and back away, dodging the blows. While he did that, he remembered something; ghosts can be expelled from a body when the host touches iron or salt. He looked around and saw an iron rod close to the fireplace.
“I’m good, Cas, don’t worry about it.” He promised. They sat there for some time, just curled up around each other, hands intertwined.
“Cas you don’t have to apologize for anything. I am the one who wasn’t thinking and I am sorry about that. Do I want to do more with you than a just kiss? Yes, but I want to do it when you feel ready as well because I want you to enjoy it.” Dean took Castiel’s hand into his intertwining their fingers. Instead of saying something he just leaned forward and kissed the green-eyed boy again.
The night was great and the last guests left at around 4 am in the morning. Sam had to drive the newly wedded couple home since he hadn't been drinking, which Cas was grateful for since Gabriel was as hammered as he was.
Hey guys, I hope you like this chapter and sorry that it took me so long. School is really stressful right now.
“Am I?” he asked a smirk on his face. When the blue-eyed boy finally freed himself out of Dean’s hug, he put his hand into the bag of flour and pressed it against Dean’s upper arm, leaving a handprint there.
He walked downstairs his hair messy and still a little bit wet. He entered the kitchen and when Dean saw him, he almost dropped the mug in his hand. "Cas... are these my clothes" he asked and Cas nodded shyly. "You look super hot in them, man I want to do so many things with you right now and..." he trailed off as he walked towards Cas.  The other man blushed and looked at the floor. "So you think I look good" Cas asked still not looking at Dean who was now standing in front of him. "Yes you always do" Dean said softly and cupped Castiel's face with his hand. Cas looked up and Dean kissed him softly. "Morning... oh... uhm sorry I didn't want to interrupt but..." Sam muttered when he entered the kitchen. The two men pulled away and took a few steps back, both blushing furiously. "Good morning Sam" Cas said and walked towards the coffee mashing to pour himself a cup. "So Sammy are you hungry" Dean asked and went to continue preparing breakfast. "No I ate after my morning run and now I'll go and meet with Jess" the younger Winchester said, clearly uncomfortable. "Ok fine, text me when you get there" Dean said. "Yes mom " Sam said with a sassy tone in his voice. "Bitch". "Jerk" Sam said over his shoulder and exited the house.
The judge entered the room and requested for them to take a seat. Dean wanted to sit next to Cas, but he wasn't allowed to so he pressed a quick kiss onto Castiel's lips before taking his seat in the front row. Cas was nervous. His heartbeat slowly but surely increased and his hands started to get sweaty. His stomach tightened. The hearing passed quicker than he would have expected. The beginning of the trial wasn’t really that special but when the two lawyers had to present their facts that’s when Castiel was amazed by his big brother.
“Boop,” he said in a cute and drunken way. When he set on to do it again, Dean caught his wrist, stopping him and leaning closer, pressing a kiss to his lips. Cas melted against his lips and propped himself over Dean who put a hand on his neck, pulling him even closer. Cas could taste the alcohol on Dean’s lips and even on his tongue when he plunged his into Dean’s mouth. They stayed like this, time passing by until Dean pulled away saying that they should really go to sleep now.
Before they had gotten to the venue, Dean had stopped the Impala at a field and they had shared some champagne on the hood of the car.
“Okay so one time I was at this bar and they had something called a purple nurple, don’t ask me what it was but they were awesome. Anyways I drank more than I should have and well…”
“I’m here, Gabriel, no need to panic. I was just taking a shower.” Cas told them as he sat down next to his brother, who handed him a cup of coffee. Cas grinned and took a sip, humming appreciatively.
Cas and Dean had to work the next day and Sammy would meet with a friend to study for a project they worked on in school.
“I will… later.” He promised, licking his lips before he leaned back in his seat with a smug smirk. Dean didn’t say anything but he knew that he was in trouble but boy did he love it. When Cas was rough with him it was the best thing ever.
“It says here that a Ms Hoffman took over. We could pay her a visit tomorrow too since we’re gonna be at the bar.”
“Cas I could never say that your scars are ugly because they aren’t. Nothing about you is. I am fucked up too and when I am with you, I don’t think that I am worthless or not good enough. I feel like I am good at something without screwing it up. I feel like everyone I’ve ever loved, I let down or fucked it up. For the first time ever, I am truly happy with someone, like we were always meant to be. Sorry, that sounded really sappy, I’m sorry-  .” Cas reached out and captured Dean’s lips with his, pulling him into a passionate kiss. Dean’s tongue plunged into Castiel’s mouth when he parted his lips and for a few moments, they just stayed like this, kissing each other.
“The scars and bruises on my client's body” Gabe stated and that’s when Castiel’s anxiety kicked in. Everything was in slow motion and he felt his stomach tighten. No, he didn’t want to show his scars to all of those people. He didn’t even want to show them to Dean. he hates them and how he got them. His throat went dry and a lump formed in his throat, making it hard for him to swallow.
“Nothing, we’re just happy you managed to pull your heads out of your asses.” Gabe grinned, intertwining his fingers with Sam.
“Dean, hey, talk to me,” Cas insisted softly, putting a hand on his arm to get his attention. When Dean’s green eyes, met Castiel’s blue ones, there was pure trust in them.
As if knowing that Cas was thinking about him, Dean looked up from his plate, smiling genuinely at him. Cas returned the smile before continuing with eating his pasta.
He opened the black box and his eyes started to sparkle a little. He took the green tie out of its case, letting the smooth fabric run through his hands.
“Hey, whoa I didn’t mean to scare you,” Dean said, a smile on his face. Cas blinked at him before talking,
He threw up into the bathroom sink. Tears were running down his face and his body was slightly trembling. He looked at his reflection in the mirror. The punch had left him with a burse at his jaw which was now a deep red. He got the tweezer from one of the drawers and then he sat on the edge of the bathtub and started pulling out the glass. It hurt like hell and he wanted to scream with every piece he pulled out but he didn't. When he had pulled out everyone of them, he took a quick shower and after that bandaged his injured hand, after cleaning the wounds. He put on a jeans and a comfy sweater and went to his room. It was almost 10am which meant that Dean would be here any minute.
A loud moan escaped his lips and he let his head fall back, when Dean’s hand started palming his clothed cock. Castiel opened his eyes the moment Dean pulled Castiel’s boxers down, freeing his throbbing dick. Dean came up and kissed Cas a few times, continuing to grind against him, groaning before settling again between his thighs, taking Cas into his mouth. The blue-eyed boy groaned, the warmth unbelievable. Dean’s head started bobbing up and down and soon Castiel’s hands were in his brown hair, guiding him. When he opened his eyes again he saw that Dean was palming himself as well, so Cas pulled a little harder at his boyfriends hair, making him pull of. Dean looked at him questioningly but before he could say something Castiel’s hands wandered to the button of his jeans and he helped him get out of them together with his boxers. Dean was as aroused as he was, not so say even more when Cas pushed him back against the mattress and then proceed to take him in his mouth, humming around Dean’s member. Dean moaned at that and Cas had to admit that he like the sound of that. They spent a lot of time sucking each other off and just enjoying every moment of it.
“Come on don’t pout. I am already late because you are just irresistible.” Castiel smiled at that, a smirk on his lips.
“Hey guys so this is Cas and Dean,” Anna announced before leaving them to go greet some more people.
“It says here the original owners were buried in the cemetery at the edge of town.” Sam read, looking at them. Dean grinned.
At dinner, they had a light conversation. Castiel's family was talking small talk with Dean and everything was fine. Cas could relax a little. Lucifer wasn't there yet. When he heard the door open, his muscles tightened. He entered the kitchen, sitting, how else could it be, opposite to Dean. After putting some soup on his plate he said. "So... you must be Dean. Cassie told us that you would visit" he said with a cocky smile. "Yea I am Dean and you must be Lucifer. Cas has told me about you" Dean said, returning the smile. "This old, ugly car outside. Is that yours?" he asked. Castiel felt nauseous but Dean just replied "Yes it's mine. It's a 1967 Chevy Impala. Why you gotta problem with it?" Cas looked at Dean with a look that said he should calm down. "Nah just wondering. So how did you two meet. I mean why do you even hang out with my brother?". Cas inhaled sharp at that but Dean stayed calm. Cas could see Dean's struggle not to punch his brother in the face. "I don't understand what you mean. Cas is a funny guy and he has a great taste in music." Dean's hand found Castiel's underneath the table and his fingers entwined with Cas's. "Did you say gay or guy. I couldn’t make it out." "Lucifer" his mother said with a warning tone in her voice. Dean's body tightened and the hand he had on the table clenched into a fist. "No I said guy but even if, I wouldn't mind." "Oh I see. Well if ever want to hang out with someone who is straight you know where to find me". "Lucifer" his mother repeated. Tears were burning behind his eyes. "I need to go to the bathroom" Cas said and left the kitchen running upstairs and locking the door of his room behind him.
Sam would stay at Kevin’s house for the night. Cas was looking at himself in the bathroom mirror, a hand going through his messy hair, trying to tame it but this gesture only caused it to get even messier. After taking a deep breath he went back to Dean’s room. The green-eyed boy was standing in front of the mirror himself, fixing the green tie Cas had gotten him for Christmas. Cas approached him, putting his hands on his waist and turning him around, pressing their lips together. Dean only hesitated for a second before kissing Cas back, wrapping his hands around Castiel’s neck, deepening the kiss. The blue-eyed boy pulled away slightly, smiling against Dean’s lips.
“I made it clear that I’m not going to re-pierce my ears every day. He didn’t want to argue, apparently.” The two boys started laughing at that heavily. Another boy sat down next to them.
“You are beautiful” Dean whispered into Castiel’s ear as the door was opened and the woman and Gabe re-entered the room. They separated and Dean went and stood next to Gabriel, who was giving him an encouraging smile.
“Someone’s eager today,” Dean teased to which was replied by sucking at his neck, making sure to leave a mark Dean wouldn’t be able to cover up.
“Mr. Foster, I didn’t give you permission to speak”. His parents' lawyer apologized and stayed quiet until he was asked to speak.
written underneath it. He looked up and to his surprise he saw the cute guy from campus smiling at him. This couldn't be happening. This had to be a joke. Castiel looked around and was expecting someone filming his reaction to put it online. But there was no one except for the attractive stranger sitting only a table away from him.
Cas woke up to the smell of pancakes and coffee. Dean wasn’t there anymore and so Castiel assumed that he was in the kitchen, preparing breakfast. It was a little after 9 am when he walked to the kitchen and was greeted by Dean wearing an apron and a pair of sweatpants, without a shirt.
“Want some company?” The angel asked with a small smile that made something warm bloom inside of Dean. He frowned internally and shook his head.
Hey, sorry guys that it took me so long to upload a new chapter but I had a lot of stuff to do for school and so I had no time to write.
“Hey what if I start first?” he suggested looking into Castiel’s eyes. The other boy just nodded and Dean started taking off his black shirt. When he had taken off his shirt Cas couldn’t help but stare at the beautiful boy in front of him. At his torso, his broad shoulders, his muscular and well-defined abdomen. He reached his hand out and lightly brushed over Dean’s collarbone, down over his chest and his side, until his hands stopped over a line of ink on his ribs.
“Gabriel, can you stop flirting and actually do what you’re supposed to?” Cas grumbled. He saw Gabe smile sheepishly before he smirked.
Cas pulled away and looked at Dean who automatically looked a little shocked and tried to apologize "Cas... I am sorry. I wasn't thinking. I got carried away...", he rambled but Cas cut him off.
“CAS!” Came Dean’s voice the next morning. Cas was just in the shower when that deep voice all but growled his name. He stiffened before quickly rinsing out the soap suds and turning off the water.
wouldn't get hurt, because you knew you would have suffered if I had been hurt and so you decided to go between us instead of being saved for once. You decided without thinking about me or how I would feel if something happened to you."
“I know… it’s just I still hate them and I am afraid what Gabe will think and what if after today he sees me differently and…” Cas rambled, his voice fast and shaky. Dean laid a finger on his lips, shushing him. Dean’s green eyes had darkened, probably from the concern but Cas couldn’t be sure.
much, studying with Dean and helping Sam a little with his work for school. He was working a lot at the coffee shop, earning a good amount of money and even his boss looked happy with the work and effort Cas put into his job. Castiel had gotten the results of his exams back, on Monday. He had been walking to one of his classes, when he had seen a few people from his class, gather around a sheet of paper pinned at the wall. He approached them, heart racing. He had been so nervous and he didn’t want to fail any of his classes. When he was finally able to get a good look at the paper, eyes searching for his name.
Cas had a great time and he really liked the group of friends a lot, hoping  that they would meet again. Castiel was farley drunk when the clock struck 11:58 pm and everybody gathered outside to watch the fireworks.
“I’m Alastair and because you’re new I just wanted to let you know that I’m the one who practically rules this school and if you want to have a good time here, I would try to stay out of trouble with me or my people. Otherwise you’ll have a pretty bad time.” Cas thought he was joking. No way did this guy just threaten him. So Cas fixed him with a gaze of his own.
Castiel was thinking that his parents' lawyer was right since they hadn’t given the court any evidence and his thoughts started racing about what would happen if they lost but then Gabriel’s voice interrupted his train of thoughts.
Cas told Dean about all the memories he had here and some fun facts about the park. They sat down at a bench. "Cas what happened to your jaw and your hand?" Dean asked, concern in his eyes. There is was, the question Castiel dreaded to answer. "Nothing" he said, not looking at Dean. Dean's hand took his and his other went to Castiel's face and turned it so that he was now facing the other man. "Cas who did this to you"? "Nobody" Cas lied but Dean wasn’t happy with that answer. "Cas please, don't lie to me. Who did this to you"? Tears formed behind his eyelids and started flowing as he told Dean what had happened. Dean listened and Cas could see the anger growing inside of him. When Cas had finished, Dean embraced him tightly. After some time, Cas had calmed down enough that he wasn't crying anymore. "Soy our brother Lucifer did this to you?" Cas nodded. Dean stood up and walked a few steps away from Cas, his hands were clenching into fists. Cas stood up as well and walked up to him. "I'm gonna kill him" Dean said. "Please Dean, don't." "Cas he is bullying you and I'm not gonna let that happen again." Castiel took Dean's hands into his, which made Dean look down at him. Green eyes met blue. "Dean please. I don't want to make things worse than they already are and even if you tell them ,they won't believe you. They don't want to" Cas said, voice soothing. "Do it for me, please" That was it. Dean relaxed and he promised he wouldn't do anything.
Cas took a deep breath, having to process everything his brother just told him. He looked at Dean who had an expression on his face, Cas couldn’t make out.
“Not really, there weren’t any witnesses as far as he knows.” Dean sighed; no witnesses meant they had to do even more research and be even more awake since they had to be wary of everything and maybe even everyone.
"You aren't going to call anyone because if you do, you'll get locked up and you know that," Dean said, trying to take control again.
Opening the door he saw Dean sitting on his front porch, his back towards Castiel. His shoulders tensed up when he heard Cas but he didn’t turn around. Cas approached him and sat down next to the green-eyed boy.
“Cas,” Dean started looking directly into his partner's eyes,” from the moment I first was you, I knew you were special. The more I got to know you, the more I knew that I had been right. You
“One second,” Dean told him before leaving the bed and coming back after a few seconds, a condom and a small bottle of lube in hand. Cas looked at him questioningly.
It was silent for a few seconds before Dean sighted, a small smile playing at the corners of his lips.
Dean pulled into the parking lot and exited the car, walking around it to open Castiel's door as well. Cas smiled at him softly and left the car as well. Entering the diner they sat at a booth at the back.
They drove Sam to school and then continued for the university. While they were driving, Dean’s hand found Castiel’s and he entwined their fingers. At the university, Cas gave Dean’s hand a squeeze before leaning towards him and kissing the taller man. They didn’t have any classes together but they said that they would meet for lunch.
Cas was speechless, tears falling down his face. Nobody had ever said something so beautiful to him. His heart was racing as he continued to look at Dean.
He heard the engine of the Impala and stoop up to see Dean drive away. Cas stood there and looked at the road the car had just disappeared. He was scared for Dean. He didn't want him to be driving with such anger in him but he also knew that he couldn't stop him, so he went to bed. He was woken up by a loud noise from downstairs. He slowly got out of bed and walked down the stairs. He could hear a voice singing, or at least trying to because he could hear that person was drunk. When he was at the last step he saw Dean stumble towards the sofa before falling on top of it. Cas walked towards him and stopped in front of the couch. "Heey Casiel" Dean slurred and tried to sit up, which didn't work. "Hey, Dean" Cas said softly and helped Dean sit up before they walked upstairs and into Dean bedroom. While Dean laid on his bed, Cas brought him a glass of water which he drank thankfully before falling back onto the bed. Cas helped Dean out of his shoes and shirt, while Dean was talking some incomprehensible words. When Cas started pulling Dean's pant off, the younger man could finally understand what his boyfriend was saying "hey Cas if you wanted to be the top one you could've jus said so u kno". "Oh shut up and lift your hips," Cas said with a smile. Dean was so cute when he was drunk. "Oh I can lift more than jus ma hips" Dean laughed but did as he was told. Cas finally threw the fabric on the floor before dropping onto the bed as well.
Gabriel had offered to pick them up at the airport and after retrieving their bags, they walked to Gabe’s car holding hands. The two boys greeted the older Novak and then entered the car, Cas sitting shotgun. They were  talking animatedly about their trip and the things they saw, Gabe listening mostly, laughing at a few fun stories and throwing in some commentary. The ride was really pleasant and when they arrived at the Winchester’s house, Dean thanked Gabe again for the trip before leaving the car.
“I insist, please?” He pleaded. Cas hadn’t wanted to say yes, to already have a ‘date’ on his first week here, but Dean was looking so sincere, Cas couldn't resist.
“Well…” Dean began, a smile playing at the corners of his lips,” you were pretty hammered, especially after we came here and you drank two more glasses of whiskey while we played Uno.”
Castiel was standing outside the room where the ceremony would be held. His heart was racing and he was super nervous. In five minutes he would walk through those door and marry the man he loved. He suddenly felt that his suit was way too tight and hot and that he couldn’t breath.
“Hey, you need to eat something,” he said, even though he knew how hard it was to eat when you are sad.
Cas wasn’t tired at all so he decided to meet with Anna for a few hours since she had to work the next day and couldn’t stay out long. They met around 6 pm for dinner at a local restaurant. The evening went by fast and it was really fun with both of them messing around and telling way to many dirty and stupid jokes. Cas had to admit that he had missed Anna a lot these past few weeks. Cas walked Anna home after he paid, and when they arrived in front of her apartment, he gave her a tight hug before walking home himself.
“If you tell me, I will make sure to give you a reward…” He promised, licking a wet stripe over Dean’s neck. Dean groaned and leaned his head back, keening under the warm body pressed against him and the arousing images in his mind.
He hadn't realized he had fallen asleep until Sam woke him up. "Hey Cas..." the younger brother said, while shaking him softly at the shoulder. Cas opened his eyes and was met by the bright daylight. His eyes adjusted quickly and then he looked around. They had stopped at a parking lot in front of a diner. "We thought we would grab something to eat before continuing" Dean said and walked to the entrance. Cas exited the car and followed the brothers inside. Cas was always amazed that Dean never locked the Impala because Cas knew that he loved that car and that he wouldn't give it up. His thought were cut off when he entered the diner and the smell of burgers and fries filled his nose. His stomach grumbled and they sat down at a booth at the back of the room. They ordered a burger with fries each and sat there in silence, not really talking. It wasn't awkward though. Dean was sitting opposite to Cas and their knees were slightly touching, the whole time.
When Cas woke up the next morning, Dean was still asleep. He shifted slightly and just looked at the man next to him. He was so grateful to have met him. He closed his eyes and when he woke up again, Dean was awake and now he was looking at Cas. "Good morning" Cas said softly. "Morning" Dean said with his husky voice. They got out of bed and went down to the kitchen, where Cas made coffee and breakfast. Since today was Sunday, they couldn't do much and since it was raining, they decided to stay at home, at least till the afternoon. The two boys went to the living room and sat on the couch, turning on the TV. Most of Castiel's family members weren't home, so after some time Cas laid his head on Dean's chest. They watched some
“Gabriel, we have been over this. He is not interested in men, and he surely is not into me.” He said with a sigh. Gabe shook his head.
The supermarket was a twenty minutes ride and normally, he would have walked but because it was raining pretty heavily, he decided to take his car. He parked his car, a 1978 Lincoln Continental Mark V., in one of the nearest parking lots to the door and entered the store. He was standing in front of the meat section, when someone tapped him on the shoulder. When he turned around he froze. It was Dean looking at him, a polite smile on his lips. Those beautiful, soft lips. "Hey". Castiel tried to concentrate and not stare at his lips and said with, what he hopped would look like a friendly smile „Hey... Dean wasn't it?" "Yes it was..." "Castiel". The man across from him was still looking pleased to see him, which Cas couldn't understand. „So Castiel what would you say we go grab a coffee „Dean said, a hopeful look in his eyes. “Yes I would like that".
“Cas you okay?” he asked and Castiel just nodded. The truth was that he was okay; he was just really nervous about today, especially about his gift for Dean. They had said no gifts but he had still gotten him one. He didn’t want Dean to feel bad if he hadn’t gotten Cas anything because he knew that Dean would beat himself up for not having thought of something and Cas really didn’t want that.
After all his classes had finished he went home. He entered his apartment and almost stepped onto the letters that were lying on his floor. Castiel quickly collected them and started shuffling through them. They were mostly flyers, one about a new pizza place that opened and some discounts on products, but then he saw one that piqued his interest. It was a white envelope with the words “Kansas Courthouse” on it. Castiel’s hands were shaking. He was so nervous to open this envelope. Cas had wanted to do something about his family for such a long time and now that the time was there he wasn’t sure if he wanted to open it after all. He ignored his inner turmoil and almost ripped the letter, while he was trying to open it. While reading it his heartbeat increased so much that his heart was hammering against his rib cage. His case would be presented to court. He had to be there on Monday at 8am. Cas texted Dean as quickly as possible to let him know. He then decided to take a nice warm shower to calm his nerves a bit.
That evening Cas went out with their friends to celebrate their victory. The group decided to go to a Chinese restaurant which had a buffet. They had a good time laughing and eating as much as they could, just enjoying the night. Cas was finally feeling like a load had lifted off of his shoulders and he was finally able to fully enjoy his life again. Castiel was completely drunk when they decided to leave after Gabe insisted on paying and Dean, who had surprisingly drunken less than Cas, had to practically carry him to the Impala.
“Let’s just hope that they are in here,” Cas grumbled as he started digging, using his angelic strength to work faster. Sam and Gabe were both holding a flashlight, not being very helpful. Cas had previously just turned them out, not paying any attention to them, eyes focused on Dean but now he couldn’t help but overhear them.
“You good there, Cas?” Dean asked, seeing the angel frown and wanting nothing more than to smooth out that frown with a kiss. Cas seemed startled but composed himself quickly.
“That is not true. And even if it was, I am not in the mood to discuss this.” Cas said defeated, not really up to talking about this again. Dean just didn’t see him that way and even though it hurt, he couldn’t do anything about it. Gabe chuckled and Cas glared at him.
“Where are we going?” he asked as they turned into a small street and stopped in front of a big building. Dean turned off the engine, looking at Cas who was clearly confused. The other man didn’t say anything and instead just exited the car. Castiel followed him asking him again, and again where they were but Dean ignored him, opening the door to the building and walking inside. Dean took his hand leading him up the stairs of the old and dark building.
“Oh shut up,” Cas said back, putting the steaming cup of coffee back onto the table. Dean laughed harder at that, caressing Castiel’s hand with his thumb.
“No fucking way..” Dean exclaimed, jumping to his feet and hugging all of them with a lot of energy and enthusiasm. Cas hugged them as well, thanking all of them. After everyone got their presents, they stayed in the living room, drinking alcohol, Dean had allowed Sam to drink a little as well, only beer though, and playing board games like Monopoly and Uno. Gabriel won Monopoly and Bobby and Sam both won three rounds of Uno.
“More than anything, Cas.” He confessed. Cas sighed relieved, smiling at Dean. Before he could lean in again, the lights started to flicker and the room got colder.
Castiel was looking to Sam, trying to figure out what was going on in the younger Winchesters head, when the loud sounds suddenly stopped. He looked to where the two men were, only to see that Dean was unconscious and John was slowly standing up. Castiel's body tightened and he backed away slightly. Sam did the same thing. John slowly turned around and was now looking at them. His face looked horrible. He had a lot of bruises and his lip had a cut. He came towards them and before they could do anything, he grabbed Sam by the collar of his shirt and pushed him against the nearest wall. Cas saw Sam flinching from the pain and then John was screaming. Cas was too shocked to hear what he was saying and he wanted to help dean but he didn't. Instead, he turned his attention towards John who had punched Sam in the face. Blood was dripping out of the boy's nose. Castiel walked towards them and then grabbed John's hand before he could punch Sam again. John turned his full attention towards Cas and a chill ran down his spine. The look on John's face was filled with pure rage and anger. He freed his hand out of Castiel's grip and punched his torso. All the air in his lungs left his body when he stumbled backwards and fell to the ground.
The next days were all blurry and dark. He remembered waking up crying and shaking, from the night of the accident. He always slept with Sammy after that terrible night, not wanting to ever leave his younger brother alone again. All of this had happened when Dean was only five years old. Sam was only six months old and so he couldn't understand what had happened.
“You have to open it.” Cas obliged, after giving him an eye-roll and did as he was told. He almost froze as he flipped through the pages; Inside the book were pictures of him, mostly, doing something or just sitting somewhere, looking completely at peace Dean had continuously been taking pictures since the day they had their first “date” when Cas wasn’t paying attention. He had even written small notes and sentences underneath each one of them. His smile widened the more pictures he saw, especially when Castiel saw ones with both of them, which were mostly selfies Dean had taken.
"Dean I have to study," Cas said, clearly trying to concentrate but he couldn't stop himself from smiling.
The other thing that he thought about was the conversation with Gabriel; he was almost certain that they would win but a voice in his head kept nagging at him, reminding him what would, or in this case, wouldn’t happen if they lost. He pushed those thoughts away though and instead focused on Dean, falling asleep with a smile playing on his lips.
They went to a coffee shop near the supermarket. Castiel ordered a Cappuccino and Dean ordered a black coffee. After they sat down at a table and a long time of silence, Dean was the first to say something. „So Castiel, I hoped I wasn't too pushy with that coffee. I don't usually do that." Cas had to take in what the man across from him just said. „No it was fine. It was kinda nice" Castiel said with a shy smile on his lips. They stared at each other for a while. „So, Castiel is an interesting name." "Yea it's an angel. Castiel is the angel of Thursday. I don't know my mom has an obsession with angels. My brothers are called Michael, Raphael, Gabriel and Lucifer. "
“Sure…” She just said with a smirk and a glance towards Sam and Gabe, who were cuddled up together, Gabe leaning against Sam, who had an arm wrapped around his shoulders.
“I wasn’t doing anything.” He said defensively. Gabe just hummed and he could hear Charlie try to suppress a snicker. He parked Baby and opened his door.
“This tastes like molecules but like, very sweet ones. I like it.” Cas said with a happy sigh and Dean had to roll his eyes up in an attempt to not just kiss that sweet smile right then and there.
Dean left a little while after, Gabe had already left after talking to Dean, and Cas decided to go and visit Anna, though his plans were canceled when she called and told him that she had to study a lot for an upcoming exam.
Back at the motel, the three of them sat down and started doing research. It was not easy since they barely had any leads except for the fact that it was probably a ghost. Dean was just about to give up when Cas spoke up.
“Because I would think the same about Sammy. I would definitely be angry; not with him but with the people who did this to him. But I would also be proud of how strong he must be to be able to live with those scars.”
"Cas are you okay?" was the first thing he asked. Cas nodded and tried to sit up but his wound was aching with every movement he made. He felt a strong hand gripping his arm and helped him sit up. It took Cas a few seconds to focus his blurry vision before looking at Dean. His boyfriend looked horrible. His nose was bleeding and he had a cut on his lip. The left side of his face had a few cuts and a big bruise was starting to bloom on his jaw.
Sam and Cas got into a debate about the book Sam was reading and whether or not the protagonist should be forgiven by the reader or not.
to be part of the LGBTQA+ community. I always ignored him because well he’s a dick but today was enough. Insulting my friends? That was too much,” Jo concluded, letting herself fall back into the chair.
“Lucifer” Cas could hear his mother say trying to calm her son down but Lucifer wasn’t paying any attention to her.
Hey guys, sorry I didn't upload yesterday but I was sick the last few days and couldn't really write much.
“I remembered how you were always talking about it when you were at home and I thought that you probably wouldn’t have done it until now anyway,” Cas said with a smirk on his face.
“Not really. The victims don’t really have any defensive wounds. The slashed throats are way too neat for a human, too precise.” Cas commented. Dean hummed and pulled out the emf-meter after making sure nobody saw him. The thing beeped slightly.
At home, he was greeted by his other siblings and after they talked for some time, he went to his room to unpack his stuff. It hadn't changed at all. Everything was exactly as he had left them. He put his clothes into the closet and then took his notebook and put it underneath his pillow. He knew that it was childish but he still couldn't trust his brothers to respect his privacy. He texted Dean that he had arrived at home safe and Dean answered with a smiley and said that he was home as well and that he missed him already. Cas smiled at that text and tipped a quick answer before he went to his closet and search for a sweater since their home was always a little bit colder than what he was used to. He put on a red hoodie with the AC/DC logo on its back. Only after putting it on he realized that it was the one he had "
“Guys, awesome that you could make it. Let me introduce you to everybody,” she said and it was obvious that she wasn’t sober anymore. They approached two girls who were talking to each other, red cup in hand.
"I'll stay and help you study," Dean said happily and grabbed the book closest to him. He looked at the cover of it and grimaced. "The history of the greatest writers, really?" he asked and opened it to a random page and started reading. "Shakespeare is considered one of England's greatest writers. He has written over almost 200 works and writers still get inspired from his work. How boring" Dean stated and closed the book again. "If you are just here to say how boring this is you are free to go," Cas said teasingly. After some teasing Dean promised to behave and they actually managed to study a lot and when they finished Castiel felt prepared. It was almost 2am and Dean decided to spend the night there. Castiel's exam was at 1pm so he could at least get a decent amount of sleep. Dean quickly texted Sammy that he wouldn't come home tonight and then they both got ready for bed. Cas fell asleep immediately from the exhaustion and stress he had over the past hours.
“Hello there,” The stranger smiled. Dean looked over and saw a man with tousled brown locks and brown eyes next to him. He had to say he was rather handsome and Dean smiled right back.
“Thank you, this so perfect.” He said over and over again, pecking kisses all over his face with childish joy.
He left the room with a good feeling in his stomach. He thought that it went pretty well and as long as his grade was enough to pass the class, he didn't really care. The next few days passed by quickly. He spent a lot of time with Dean but also with Anna and she introduced him to Crowley. Cas liked him even though he thought that he was a little bit arrogant and he had a lot of sass but as long as he made Anna happy, it was fine. On Saturday, Cas was going to spend the night at Dean's place, since Sam wasn't there. Dean had decided to drive Sam to one of his friends, Kevin. Since Cas wasn't really in the mood to go with them, he stayed at the Winchester's apartment. He was sitting on Dean's bed when he started thinking about the past few weeks and especially his brother. Without realizing it he had pulled his sleeve up and was looking at the faint scars that covered his arm. He went over them with a finger, feeling the uneven skin underneath his hand. He started crying and pulled his knees up to his body, with his arms around them. He was afraid of what would happen at the trial if it even got to one and then he remembered that they didn't even have a lawyer to defend them. He thought how horrible it would be if he lost and what satisfaction that would give his family. He didn't want that and theoretically, he knew that he could do something about it but his mind was racing and didn't let him think properly. Cas was still crying, he had no idea how much time had passed when he heard a knock on the door and then the door was slowly pushed open. Cas knew who it was and he didn't even look up when Dean sat next to him and pulled him into a tight hug, running his fingers through Castiel's messy hair.
“Yes, I thought you deserved it” Dean admitted blushing. Cas wanted to say something but the waitress came and gave each of them a menu.
me?” Deans brain was not catching up yet with what was happening. Cas nodded shyly and suddenly something inside of Dean snapped. With a desperate whine, he would deny until the day he died he crashed his lips against Cas.
Jessica came a little after 8 pm and the two teens went straight to Sam’s room, locking the door behind them.
sure about this?” he asked again, still unsure. Castiel scooted back a little, his back against the headboard.
“Now, I’ll go and get some well-deserved rest. I’m dead tired and I can barely keep my eyes open.” Dean said and pushed his chair back. “Night.” He said and left. The others cleaned away everything before Charlie and Sam turned in for the night as well, which left the two brothers alone.
and Sam helped them as well when he wasn’t busy studying for law school. Dean and Cas had moved in together, living at the outskirts of town. Sam was living on campus since he had gotten a full ride and visited them on the holidays or sometimes on the weekend.
“My father when he found out I was gay.” Castiel’s voice only a whisper, breaking at the last words. Dean didn’t say anything but soon Cas felt soft lips tracing the faded wound. Dean’s fingers wandered further down and stopped at the other big scar at his lower abdomen, the scar Lucifer had put there a few months ago. He traced over this one as well before his hands wandered up to his sides and over his arms. They spent the next hour admiring each others body, leaving soft kisses everywhere.
Even though Cas had been together with a few guys, it was never special. He never felt like he could trust them or they tried to rush him into things he wasn’t ready yet but Dean, Dean was different. He never pressured Cas into doing anything he didn’t want to and when he saw that he was uncomfortable he stopped immediately. Cas still couldn’t believe how lucky he was to have Dean as his boyfriend.
They had fallen asleep on Dean's bed, music playing in the background. Cas woke up, covered in cold sweat. He was breathing heavily. He sat up on the bed and tried to calm down. He forgot that Dean was next to him and only remembered when, the light of the nightstand was turned on. " Cas are you alright. What happened?" Dean asked concerned. " Nothing I am fine" Cas said. It was clearly not convincing enough, since Dean sat up as well and slung an arm around him and pulled him closer to his body. The embrace soothed Cas a little. " It's okay Cas. Everything is fine, just calm down. " Dean said softly, whipping a tear from Castiel's cheek. Cas hadn't realized that he had cried and he blushed a little. They didn't speak. They just sat like that and soon Castiel was asleep again. He didn't have any more nightmares that night.
"Oh, little brother you don't have anything". Dean tensed up next to him and made a small step forward, fixing Lucifer with his eyes.
“Thank you, Dean.” Feeling a blush creep up his face as he turned away, looking out the window at the passing cars.
“Are you sure because didn’t you stab your brother in the back only a few weeks ago?” Gabriel asked, fully knowing that even if Lucifer denied it, they had proof.
Castiel was fast asleep, when his phone started ringing. He opened his eyes, searching for his phone sleepily, his eyes trying to adjust to the brightness of his screen.
After school he drove to the supermarket to get some nail polish removal, hair dye, another pack of cigarettes and some other stuff he needed. Gabe was already at home when he entered their house.
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked and turned towards Cas, resting his head on his elbow, concern in his green eyes. Castiel let out a deep sight, mimicking Dean’s position. Cas took a deep breath before saying, “ I want to show you my scars” he said quickly before regretting it. Dean didn’t say anything at first, probably thinking about the information he just got, which made Cas anxious.
“Will you marry me, Dean Winchester?” He asked gently. Without hesitation, he tackled Cas to the floor, kissing him over and over, just as Cas had done a few minutes ago.
A knock on his door made him look up from his essay writing. He walked to his door and was a little bit shocked when he saw Anna standing in front of him. She was looking a little bit angry, even though she probably was happy to see him. They stood like this for a few moments before she hugged him tightly.
They ate dinner with Sam and Jess and after that watched a movie. It was a really great way to enjoy the rest of the day. Cas and dean were in Dean's bed, Dean combing Castiel's hair with his hands. "What was that noise last night" Cas asked. Dean thought about it for a seconds before he said. "A flower pot fell off the window and broke into a million pieces. Apparently I forgot to close the window that night." Dean said. Silence filled the room for a few seconds, before any of them spoke. "My dad called me today" Cas said into the silence. Dean stopped combing his hair and steadied himself on his elbow to have a better look at Castiel. "What did he want" he said and Cas could see anger starting to rise inside him. "I don't know I didn't answer". Dean's body relaxed and he dropped back down onto his side. "Okay good. He is probably angry because he got the lawsuit or something but don't let those sons of bitches get to you anymore. You did the right thing, even if it doesn't seem like that now" Dean said reassuringly and pulled him into a tight hug. Cas didn't say anything and instead buried his face into Dean's crook. Dean placed a kiss on top of his hair and then turned around to close the light.
“Got some help from Gabe and the others.” He explained with a smile. Cas stood there for a few seconds, frozen to place before he all but attacked Dean, kissing him passionately, arms wrapped around his shoulders.
“Cas,” she said firmly, “listen to me. First of all nothing will go wrong. Second you won’t fall because I will be holding you and lastly, do you really think that Dean wouldn't want to marry you?”
“Tempting… but maybe you’ll be the one to ride me. Of course only after we come back from our date. Our date at the-” He broke off, kissed Cas passionately and dirty before he pulled away.
I decided I would write out of Dean perspective just so that you would see how he feels/ thinks. Please tell me if I should continue the change in perspective or not.
Dean didn't say anything. He knew that Cas would talk to him eventually and he wasn't wrong. After some more minutes had passed Cas whispered almost not audible, "What if we lose?". Dean shifted slightly.
“Well it was pretty great. Dinner was delicious and the presents were lovely as well, even though something really embarrassing happened,” Castiel told them, a shy smile on his lips. Crowley leaned forward in his seat, suddenly interested in what Cas had said.
Cas frowned at that but packed away his stuff and made his way to the office. Behind him, he could hear Alastair say.
“This… how did you?” He asked baffled. Dean grinned at him, trying to overplay his nervousness with confidence.
“Sorry guys it’s just so funny, like haven’t you heard about locking the door?” Anna asked clutching her stomach from laughter. Dean just glared at her, embarrassment still visible on his features.
“Don’t say that and you know it’s a good idea,” Cas told him, cuddling closer to the man next to him. Dean pulled him closer, placing an arm around his waist. He hummed in agreement and soon they had both fallen asleep, exhausted from the long day and the alcohol.
“What? It’s obvious,” he commented back, looking first at Dean and then at Cas who was blushing slightly.
“Dean you don’t have to pay,” Cas said reaching out and stopping Dean from pulling out his money by laying his hand on his arm.
Cas arrived back home at 11:33 pm and went straight to bed after texting Dean that he was home. The next day he woke up at 6:30 am and grabbed his phone surprised to see that his classes for today had been canceled for some reason, so he put his phone back onto his nightstand and went back to sleep. The next time he woke up it was a little past 10 am. He got ready and then decided to take a walk. Even though it was pretty cold outside, it was November 1st, he kind of liked the cold. He had no idea why but the fresh air and the snowy weather had something calming about them.
“What the hell was that? Didn’t you see I was flirting with him?” Dean asked, eyes angry. Cas frowned.
The four friends were sitting on Castiel’s couch when the doorbell rang. Castiel had to control himself not to run to the front door. Dean was on the other side and Cas almost threw himself into Dean’s arms, crushing their lips together. Cas melted against him letting his hands cradle through Deans soft hair. When Dean pulled away after a few moments, Cas wanted the heat against his lips back but still looked up into Dean’s smiling but surprised face.
The four men arrived at the airport only half an hour later. Gabriel helped them get their luggage out of his trunk and then hugged them goodbye, whispering into Castiel’s ear to use protection. Cas pulled away, staring at his brother with a shocked and embarrassed look, to which Gabe just smirked before getting back into the car. Cas hugged the younger Winchester as well, before taking his luggage and walking inside, Dean reaching out and intertwining their fingers.
Out of the corner of his eye he saw how his brother came closer and now nothing was standing between them. Cas reacted when a fist rushed towards Dean's face and he threw himself between them, taking the full blast of force and falling to the ground. His nose was bleeding and he felt the blood in his mouth. His vision blurred a little but he tried to shake it off. Dean was next to him within a second telling him to stay with him. Cas sat up slowly. Dean helped him steady and after a few moments helped him to stand up. They were both facing Lucifer, Dean standing protectively in front of Cas. His brother was looking at him with a devilish and satisfied grin. Cas wanted to run at him and punch him until he was unconscious but he hadn't the strength. "Little brother I never thought I would get this satisfaction so soon after hitting you in the kitchen" Lucifer said his grin widening. "You touch him again, you'll regret the day you were born, you son of a bitch" Dean snarled. His hands were clenched into fists and Cas could see how hard it was for him to hold back. "Aww now look at that, your sick boyfriend is protecting you. Isn’t that sweet" Lucifer said with the sarcasm and disgust dripping from his lips.
“Maybe, I’m agent D. Ehart and these are my partners, agent S. Williams and C. Greer. We’re here because of the case concerning Mr and Mrs Harrington. You know them?” The owner thought about it and nodded.
"I know I am just not hungry". Castiel's stomach was clenched but he tried to force down a few more bites for Dean. He knew his boyfriend was concerned about him and he didn't want him to worry even more.
“They can but most people want something in return.” He grumped which earned him a slap upside the head from his brother who had just walked into the kitchen, freshly showered.
Back at their house, Cas was lead to the bedroom by Dean. They would leave tomorrow for their Honeymoon.
“So what are you two laughing about?” he asked. He had short dark-blond hair and a British accent. He reached his hand out towards Cas.
. He had won, though only through luck because when they decided to go home, Dean and Benny had to almost drag him to the Impala.
When the two brothers got up the next morning, Cas had gone and gotten them some breakfast since he didn't need sleep and thought it would be a nice gesture. Apparently, he was right because Dean grinned at him with that beautiful smile of his and Cas wanted nothing more than to kiss him right then and there.
Dean helped him change into one of his hoodies and a pair of sweatpants and then Castiel fell back down onto the mattress with a loud groan, lying in the middle of the king-sized bed.
“Seems like we didn’t.” Sam sighed and nodded. He knew that this meant they had to get back before more people died.
Sorry, it took me so long to update but I have a lot to do (despite having holidays) and I wanted to update yesterday but I wasn't feeling pretty good. Hope you like this chapter though.
“Dean this is beautiful,” he breathed out as he slowly walked up to the table, the other man right behind him. Dean pulled Castiel’s chair back before sitting down on his own, pulling out a lighter and lighting the candles. He proceeded to get a picnic basket and taking out two containers with soup, before pouring them into the bowls on top of the plates. Cas took a careful sip from his surprisingly warm soup, a sound of approval escaping his mouth.
“Pleaseee” Cas whined but Dean stayed silent, turning up the volume of the radio. Cas fell back against his seat, knowing how stubborn Dean could be. He figured he would find out soon enough and he did. After another 15 minutes of driving, Dean pulled into a parking lot, in front of a restaurant. He turned off the engine and without saying something, he left the car. Cas stayed in his seat for a second, hesitating and then went to open the door but Dean was faster, opening it for him. He exited the black car, letting Dean lead him to the diner. They entered the place, their fingers interlaced.
. He was still so pissed that he was supposed to repress who he was. He could feel the stares of the other kids on him while he walked to class.
“Your honor my clients deny all the accusations which are held against them. There may be some truth to all of it but there is not enough evidence to back up the charges,” he said with a confident smirk. Castiel’s heartbeat started to increase even more and he quickly looked back to his brother, who had been listening carefully to what the other side had said.
"You aren't mad yourself, mister" he teased. Dean wore a gray suit with a black tie. Sam had slept at a friends house the night before and so he wasn't there yet.
"I am on the right side. I had no idea what happened at home, What you did to Castiel. He never told me because he probably wanted to protect you, or himself, and I only found out a few days ago when he showed up at my door and told me everything".
Castiel didn't get any more visits that day and to be honest, he didn't want any. He hated being bound to the bed and he wanted to walk again, even though he knew it had only been two days. He tried to sit up and even though pain shot through his body he managed to sit up. He starred at the wall across the room for a few moments before grabbing the book on his nightstand and burying his face in it. He read for hours, soft music playing in the background. He lost himself in the words of his favorite poets and the endless poems. A soft knock on the door pulled him out of his reading and he just said "come in" before laying the book to the side. Sam entered the room and took the seat across from him. The tall boy just sat there, obviously uncomfortable, not talking at first. He sighted before breaking the silence. "Dean told me what happened and I just wanted to see how you were doing" the boy opposite to him said. "That's really kind of you Sam. Yea well, it's not easy but I'll be fine don't worry. We were just very exhausted from the last days and didn't know what to do with our frustration but I am sure we will fix it" Cas said, not looking at the man. "I know Dean can be stubborn sometimes, it kind of runs in the family but don't think he wouldn't take a bullet for you in a heartbeat. He would do anything for the people he loves, and that include you. I know you are more than friends and I am totally okay with that. He seems happy again and he hasn't been that way in a long time..." Sam trailed off and not it was Castiel's turn to look uncomfortable. His eyes turned to the window as he watched the soft rain run down the window, before fixing his gaze at the younger Winchester again.
“I love you too but you know that we are at a church right?” he asked happily but instead of answering he just kissed Cas again. After the two men had finally pulled away, they turned to their friends and family, who were all clapping and cheering, happy to see them finally married. The couple walked out of the room, hand in hand, smiling stupidly.
“Oh my… I KNEW it. I knew destiel would sail eventually.” She said and then hugged both of them tightly. Once she had let go of them, they looked up to see Sam and Gabe smirking at them.
Castiel entered his apartment and slid down his door, after he closed it. The bottle in his hand was almost empty. He sat there, in his empty apartment, crying and shivering from all the stress he had. His heart was shattered into even more pieces now. He really believed that Dean could fix him but he was wrong. Castiel opened his eyes to a knock on the door. He hadn't realized that he had fallen asleep. He stood up and didn't even ask who it was before opening the door. Dean was standing in front of him, concern and panic in his features. Without saying a word, he took Castiel into a tight embrace. Castiel, still drunk, pushed him away and took a few steps back. "Cas..." Dean said, without moving. "Cas I am sorry. Whatever I did, I am sorry. I..." "Don't. Dean. Just go. I got it. I was just a fling for you. I get it. You can go now. Please leave me alone. „Castiel said, tears filling his beautiful, blue eyes. Dean took a step forward. "Cas I am sorry. Can we please talk about it?" Castiel, who was facing the other direction, turned around. "GO AWAY!" he screamed. His whole body was trembling by now as he walked towards his living room. Instead of leaving, Dean closed the still open door and followed Castiel. He had barely time to step aside, before the empty bottle hit the wall behind him. The bottle exploded and the glass shards fell to the floor. Dean jolted around, when something else hit the ground. An old violin was thrown at the ground and broke immediately. The broken neck was now lying a few inches away from the rest and the strings were the only thing connecting them. It was horrible.
Now it was Dean’s turn and he could see his hand shake as he took the ring into his hand.“And Dean, please place the ring on Castiel’s left hand and repeat after me.” Castiel locked eyes with Dean who looked at him with pure love as he spoke the following words.
“Can you distract them? I need to call-” Dean never finished that sentence because the next thing he knew, he was thrown against the wall, crashing into it with painful force.
He sat down at a table, alone and started eating. He didn’t really register that someone sat across from him until a voice spoke up.
Castiel could see the rage and anger in his eyes, as Dean turned his head towards his brother again, blood running out of his nose. Dean was about to punch back, when Cas practically threw himself in front of Dean, grabbing his wrist. He looked up at Dean, a pleading look on his face. "Please don't" he said, his voice shaking. Dean glanced at him for a few seconds before lowering his hand. They stayed like this for a few moments, nobody moving. Cas felt the pain only a few moments after the blade entered his lower back. His eyes widened and he dropped to his knees, hand grabbing his stomach. The blade had cut through him completely. He could hear Dean scream his name but it was all so far away. Everything went by in slow motion. He felt strong hand grabbing him and carrying him out the house. The cold wind was great against his flushed skin. He clutched at Dean's shirt. "Cas stay with me come on" Dean was cursing while trying to open the door to the Impala. Cas felt the seat underneath him. He tried to move his head but the moment he did that, everything became blurry. "Cas stay with me please" Dean's voice was filled with pain and Cas knew he was afraid. Castiel should probably be afraid too but he couldn't feel anything right now. He just knew he had to stay with Dean. "Dean..." he croaked. "Cas don't talk just stay with me. Everything will be fine. I promise".
“This isn’t over,” he said before walking away. Cas looked after them for a second before he turned to the scared teen, crouching down to be on his eye level.
When the hearing was over he stood up and went to Dean hugging him tightly, burying his face in the other boy's shoulder. They pulled away slightly to be able to look into Dean's eyes. His green eyes were sparkling with joy and something else Cas couldn't identify.
It turned out, Ms. Hoffman was just an innocent widow, that was 100% not out for revenge. Another bust, Dean thought as he lay buried underneath the blankets that night. With a sigh, he closed his eyes.
Cas woke up in the middle of the night by a loud knock. Dean was still sleeping next to him, although he was woken up as well. They both rose to their feet and went to the front door. Cas could hear that someone was trying to open the door with some keys. He wasn't sure what to do but before he could decide the door swung open and a drunk Lucifer was standing in front of him. Cas had sobered up a little so he didn't look drunk. Lucifer pushed him aside and entered the house. Without saying a word he went up to his room. Cas looked at a confused and angry Dean. He came up to the other man, took his hand and led him back to the couch. Dean followed and they snuggled under the blankets again. Cas was almost asleep when he felt Dean's soft lips on his. He responded quickly and they were soon kissing each other softly. "Good night Dean" Cas said breaking their kiss. "Goodnight Cas" Dean answered with a sleepy voice.
