“Please, it’s perfect for team bonding. Even Nat agreed.” Steve said, employing full use of his puppy dog eyes. The bastard. Like he didn’t know about the power held by those eyes.
But that’s all it was. Tony totally had it under control. He totally didn’t agree to stupid things such as team bonding just to see that smile. Nope, it was all under control.
Which led to Tony calling up Pepper. Who suggested useless things such as going with the numerous presents he already had and instead focusing on telling Steve how he felt.
"Oh I don't know about that, getting to write about superheroes running around in tights sounds pretty cool."
“Oh. I’m so sorry.” Bucky hugged him close as he followed Steve's line of sight and watched Tony whisper something in the blonde agent’s ear, who threw back his head and laughed fully.
“Wow, you’re both idiots. You really do deserve each other.”, said Clint as he and Bucky chortled, finding amusement in Steve’s misery. Humph. Why was he even friends with them?
Nat smacked his shoulder. Ouch. “You idiot. You mean you told him that you didn’t want him taking your paper-thin hoodie on movie nights, that hoodie which does nothing for the cold, but you both use as an excuse, to cuddle shamelessly? This is after I caught you secretly requesting JARVIS to tweak with the temperature last month after the one-time Tony said he was too warm to cuddle.” Steve blushed hotly. “And you just gave him a sweater that would effectively put a stop to all that. He probably took that to mean you didn’t want to cuddle anymore and were just giving him a sweater for the cold because you didn’t like him. And he probably thought you didn’t like his presents either since you said you didn’t want so many. You know how he is when it comes to hearing things about himself. He just heard what he probably already thought.”
“You do know that you could give him a piece of rag and he would love it and cherish it for life all because you smiled oh so prettily, when you gave it to him, right?”
“I love it.” Tony interrupted him. “No one has ever knitted me a sweater before,” he said, with a soft smile on his face. God, he couldn’t believe it. Steve Rogers was unbelievably perfect. He had knitted him a sweater for Christmas. God, he really was the perfect man. And then he tuned back in.
For the next hour or so, Tony couldn't help but let his eyes stray to the blonde who kept exchanging shy and encouraging smiles with him.
“Oh yeah? So, what? At least I have my present ready. And at least I know to quit when I realize something is beyond me. I know you think you’re some kind of savant at being a stubborn ass but even you can’t beat these needles into submission.” Bucky smirked. “Why don’t you just pick something else?”
Hill had gotten Coulson a handmade Captain America plushie which Steve had so helpfully signed, and Coulson was holding it like it was the most precious thing he had ever seen. Fury had gotten Hill a new set of guns that R&D had helpfully designed as a top priority. It was a wonder what a few well-placed glares could do. And Bruce had gotten Thor a leather-covered coffee mug so that he could have more of the "magical liquid" he liked so much.
“You knitted this for me?”, He asked, his voice filled with disbelief. No one had ever done anything like this for him. Not even his mother or Jarvis.
Tony grinned at these words and carefully threaded his fingers in Steve's hair and pulled him down for a ravishing kiss and whispered against his lips, "Hi Steve, I think we're going to get along very well."
“Ouch, asshole. One, I did no such thing. Two, he never mentioned anything about his feelings. Why would I ever reject him when I’ve been in love with him since years and- “, Steve trailed off, blushing hotly, realizing what he had admitted. Natasha and Bucky smirked, and Pepper looked mollified at his confession.
“That, my friend, is my very special Seidr mead. You should be honoured to have tried it” Loki declared smugly.
The silence after that was awkward and stifling, Tony wasn’t even looking at him. He was staring morosely at his coffee mug. Steve gulped and his heart hammered away in his chest, it seemed he was supposed to do all the talking then.
Natasha stopped asking him questions after that and Steve was very grateful, he didn’t want to get Bucky in trouble after all. He just wished they would make their relationship exclusive already instead of dancing around the inevitable.
Steve was so relieved, he didn’t deserve this kind and caring Tony after Steve made him go through all that just because he was an idiot who couldn’t fucking communicate, “Thank you Tony, thank you”
“It is truly unfortunate, he didn’t spare a single shoe. I was forced to drive barefooted to Jane’s home when he locked me out”, Thor didn’t even sound angry as he recounted the incident.
“Steve?” Tony sounded very confused and a little strangled as he looked up at Steve from his sprawled position.
That was how Bucky found him, a sweaty mess lying on the running tracks trying to block everything out.
And now Steve was the one sounding unsure of himself, he wanted to bash his head on the nearest surface because wasn’t he supposed to sound firm about his feelings or apparent lack thereof when rejecting someone, especially if that someone was your best friend.
He had been a little late because Rumlow had stopped him on his way to ask some stupid questions about substituting for one of the player in the college football team, he had turned it down firmly, he hadn’t played football since high school, not properly anyway. What was Rumlow even thinking asking Steve when there were probably so many others who were interested.
Steve didn’t know how much time passed before Tony finally showed up with Lehnsherr and his group of friends. His world immediately brightened and darkened at the same time, it was a complicated feeling and Steve was too relaxed to even analyse it.
Steve yelped in surprise and pain while Tony slipped out of his hold, he darted towards the door but Steve was faster and tackled him down on the floor.
He spotted Natasha’s red hair first, she was perched on the table with one foot on a chair talking quietly with someone. Steve’s breath caught when he finally saw who she was talking to, Tony was standing near the counter, disheveled and soft, looking weary and sad.
“He was never my boyfriend. We were fuck buddies for a while, more like fuck rebound. Hah. I was sad and heartbroken because you rejected me and he was sad and heartbroken because Charles broke up with him. It was a perfect time to use each other”
If it wasn’t for the way Steve felt completely changed by Tony’s confession it would seem like any other day. Tony probably sensing Steve’s mood (he always did, he just knew him too well) looked at him, intensely with a little furrow between his brows (which Steve really want to smooth out with his hands) and Steve tried not to fidget.
“Are you okay?” Tony asked quietly after a minute of staring. It was loaded in other wordless questions which was probably Tony checking if their friendship was okay.
And Tony smiled at him, soft and fond, it was the private little smile that Tony always gave him when he thought Steve was being stupidly kind or selfless, it never fail to light Steve up from the inside with happiness at having that kind of private expression from Tony who was all smoke and mirrors with other people.
He vaguely recognized the guy from Tony’s study group which was just a bunch of genius students brainstorming about their ridiculous and frankly alarming ideas. Peter Parker was the youngest member with Bruce, Jane, Loki, Reed Richards and Charles Xavier probably encouraging his outlandish theories.
And more than that he hated Erik Lehnsherr and really wanted to punch him in his smug handsome shark face.
So he had texted Pepper five times over the weekend until she had exasperatedly told him Tony was fine and just on an engineering binge and politely but sternly told Steve to stop using her as a messenger and talk to Tony himself like a mature adult, the woman was terrifying sometimes.
Steve went through his classes in a daze, not absorbing a single information from the lectures and just passing through all his morning classes with only one thing on his mind: Tony.
Nat just rolled her eyes and gestured at him to stop standing like an idiot and walk to their table.
He was such an idiot, he was twenty-one for god's sake and was only just finding out he may be bisexual. His ma was probably laughing at him from heaven.
They both stopped talking at once and whipped their heads towards him at the sounds of his approaching footsteps.
Loki came in the kitchen once and looked at Steve oddly for a full minute, Steve was weirded out and mumbled a grumpy “What?”
He tried figuring out when Tony may have started developing romantic feelings for him but he just couldn’t pin down any interaction, everything was normal and happy between them.
“You can’t possibly think I’m over you when I look at you like you’re the fucking sun every time you’re in the room. You can’t possibly think I’m in love with Erik when you make me forget about everyone else when you’re near, you’re impossible”
She was a very scary woman and Steve didn’t want to get on her bad side so he turned to Bucky, shook his legs a little and whispered “Help me!” urgently. Bucky just glared at him without doing anything.
It was their own amazing family and with his Tony in his arms loving him right back, Steve couldn't imagine anything more perfect than this.
“Shush you, close your eyes. This is far from over. I’m expecting a very long and thorough explanation
✪✪✪                                                            ✪✪✪                                                             ✪✪✪
Tony abruptly pulled away and Steve wanted to protest, before he could voice his displeasure at having Tony’s lips anywhere
All of his other friends including Tony had went to the party and he had grumbled and brooded about the unfairness of things for an hour before he got fully absorbed into his art assignment.
It was usually his favourite day of the week because he got to spend his afternoon in Tony’s lab and watch him work on something overly complicated that would completely go over his head while Tony alternated between talking to Steve about anything and everything and talking
“I know these past couple of weeks haven’t be easy for you” Tony started with a very serious tone as he sat down beside Steve “I knew the possibility of making you uncomfortable by asking you out was very high, no Steve, no interruption remember? I know it was a shock to hear about my feelings but I’m dealing- have been dealing with them. You don’t have to be extra nice to me even if you feel sorry for me. I’m sorry I made our friendship awkward with my feelings and stuff when I should’ve just left it alone-”
He squinted at Steve and Tony who were still on the floor, Steve half-sitting up with Tony on his lap. “Oh thank fuck” he simply said and turned back towards the stairs bellowing for Sam at the top of his lungs.
"Maybe we should start again, my name is Tony, I love my work and my bots and I met an amazing stranger last night that I would love to get to know more."
“What are you talking about? These presents are perfect, Tony. I can’t believe you made so many presents for me. You didn’t have to give me all of them, you know” Steve exclaimed as he carefully opened the envelope. He pulled out the small booklet and browsed through it, fascination writ on his face.
They made their way to the chapel where one Steven Rogers was waiting for Tony to make his way to the altar.
This whole gift was a rejection sweater. Steve was probably just tired of Tony using his hoodie as an excuse during movie nights and didn’t want Tony doing that any more. Probably wondered what was wrong with Tony to keep wearing his clothes. They weren’t like that. Steve probably didn’t appreciate Tony’s clinginess during movie nights either. God, what an idiot he was. Steve always seemed to cuddle up to him during those nights. He had misread everything.
Tony gave a slight nod as he leaned in and pressed his lips to Steve’s. It was everything he had ever imagined and so much more. Steve’s lips were soft and slightly chapped, but his mouth was warm and welcoming. Eventually the need for air became overwhelming and they broke apart. He rested his forehead on Steve’s, a wide smile playing on his lips as he whispered the three little words back to him.
“Because. He complains about being cold half the time during movie nights and he gets this sleepy, cuddly look in his eyes when he is wearing my hoodie even though I know it does nothing for the cold and what better way to keep him warm than a soft and squishy sweater? If he just so happens to love it and wear it to movie nights, then what’s the harm? I just need to keep practicing.” Steve said, his face all soft and warm.
"Had to leave in hurry. Had to make my way to my dumb husband. So, was everything a lie, did your stupid plan work out perfectly or what?" , Tony angrily retorted.
“Would you fucking quit it? You’re going to poke someone’s eye out with that thing. There’s no waving around. It’s a knitting needle, not Harry Potter’s wand.” Bucky grouched.
Steve needed to stop smiling like that at him. He couldn’t take it anymore. The earnestness, the little smiles, they did funny things to his heart. Like make him want to believe in stupid dreams and nurse hope for his broken heart. He needed to get away as quickly as he could.  The SHIELD Christmas party would be the perfect excuse to get rip roaring drunk to forget his stupid
He was on his fourth glass of whiskey when he spotted him. Young. Tall. Blonde. Muscular. Very much Adonis like and perfect for what Tony had in mind. For this was his one last hurrah, one last night of freedom before he was married forever, to some nameless, goody two shoes, pretty boy with two brain cells for following orders and keeping Tony in line in public. Ugh.
“Great, so I will see you at 6 today evening. We’ll be picking names then and remember, all the presents must be handmade!”
"Hey, find anyone interesting?", Rhodey asked as he watched Tony's attention wander away in the midst of one of his favorite MIT stories.
"Oh my god, really? You would have made an adorable boy scout, bet no one would have been able to refuse those puppy eyes." Tony's words led to a slow blush spread across Grant's cheeks.
He stared at the paper, dumbfounded. Was this a joke? His eyes must have said much the same as Steve whispered,” I thought you said these coupons could be used for anything I wanted. Can I have this then?” and stepped in close.
"Oh fuck! Rhodeeeey." Tony hissed and clutched Rhodey's elbow as he saw exactly who was waiting for him at the end of the aisle.
“Sir, if I may, while Captain Rogers may have an enormous sweet tooth, I think even his easy palette would object to this.”
Tony couldn't wait until he inherited SI. He had plans for it. Plans that were leaps and bounds ahead of what Howard had in his vision for SI. It was why he had agreed to this marriage contract at all. Howard had agreed to pass SI onto Tony, provided he was married and his public image was cleaned up first.
Ugh. Fuck Howard and his stupid ideas. He had callously signed away Tony's life to some dumb boy scout all for his military contracts. As though Tony's genius hadn't been the only reason he was been getting any. Howard himself hadn't been responsible for the R&D at SI for a long time now, too busy drinking himself to death and stumbling around in a stupor, falling into bed with women old enough to be his daughters. All their inventions, all their weapons, it was all Tony.
"How about asking your future husband over there before he comes over here wondering why exactly you're freaking out at the entrance of the aisle?"
“Suit yourself. Whatever you decide on, it needs to be exceedingly obvious. Tony is more than a little oblivious when it comes to seeing things right in front of him.”
“Why?”, he whispered. He wanted to be sure. Needed to. Never in his wildest dreams could he have thought this would come true.
"Well, don't you see? I bet this was all planned by him. I bet he knew who I was all along and just wanted to make fun of me so he could start this marriage off with a dominant hand."
“It is.” Tony insisted. “The life or death of my relationship with Steve. Come on, Rhodey bear, get with the program. Okay, focus, cakes, how do we do them? Do we add the baking powder before or after putting the cake in the pan, do we- ”.
“Okay, we need damage control. You need to go over there and kiss him right now, before he sleeps with that idiot Watson in a dumb move to get over you. Want me to shoot one of these babies over both of you?”, Clint asked, gesturing to his mistletoe arrows.
Guess the universe had finally decided to come through for Tony. Christmas truly was the time for miracles.
“I knew it, I knew you liked those books.” Steve said triumphantly as he tried unsuccessfully to make yet another loop.
"So, you gonna go to him or what?" , Rhodey asked, tilting his head towards the blonde who gave a full body laugh as the hot red head next to him narrated a story.
"Explain to me how exactly this is a disaster after you spent the ride over here mooning forlornly over Dimples and the perfect night you had."
As Tony watched, the girl happened to glance up and caught him staring at her friend. Tony gave a slight smile as the girl whispered something to her friend who then met Tony's eyes and gave a shy smile.
Steve groaned, gripping his waist tightly, grinding down just barely into that special place he knew well. "Gonna be a good boy and cum for me? Good ahead," and changed his thrusts to directly onto that making Tony cum instantly all over the other bigger hand, clenching down hard onto him tight.
Peter nods slowly, he notices the tears on Steves’s cheeks, he wasn’t really getting all the pieces together since he just woke up. "Mister.. why are you crying- did something happen? D-fid i touch a touchy subject for you mister- I’m sorry I’m sorry-," he immediately started his apologies, it didn’t help he was so confused on everything, why did his dad never mention a steve, why wasn’t he around while he grew up-
Steve knocked softly on the bedroom door the two shared, confused. He just came in after walking around the Avengers Day fair, searching for the rest of the team. He knew Bruce, Clint, and Nat were around, he was sent on the mission to find his lovely fiance while Nat was off to find the god who probably just arrived.
And it ended with AIM retreating and Thor bringing back power to the Chimera saving it from crashing into Manhattan.
Steve frowns. "Tony. You're the only one that could possibly understand any of this and we shouldn't immediately shut our minds to it."
When he walked in, Peter was already cuddled up with the huge toy spider he had. He headed over, plopping next to him with a hug, smiling at his little giggles, pulling him close to his chest letting him snuggle.
"I'm here now Tony... I'm here," he muttered into his neck, rubbing his back. Letting the silence take over, no one wanting to break up the lover's reunion- well-
"No, I will tell you when," he said bak, not even bothering to look up, he hated this, hated punishing Peter but it had to be done, Peter never treated him like he treated his other dad. Peter just gave another huff as he turned back around to face the wall, irritated he couldn't his way.
He did end up distracting himself for a while, he hadn’t looked up from his phone turned into a laptop, one of his hands fiddling with a necklace he always wore that carried two metal rings, his teeth biting his lips harshly he’s surprised he didn’t taste the metallic taste of blood. The many thoughts running through his head, he felt like he failed as a dad letting his son get badly hurt like this- the only time he’d look up is when people left the operating room hoping for some kind of update of his son- he was so immersed in his work and being worried that he didn’t hear the footsteps coming up from his left.
Tony just sighed ignoring his remark. "What do you want for breakfast? We have a full day ahead of us?" He said trying to cheer him up, hopefully getting rid of this bad mood.
It was like AIM wanted the Avengers gone for good- probably cause they knew how powerful and now with the Chimera in the air, they would probably be able to defeat them easier. They wouldn't retreat no matter how many enemies would be destroyed, lights of purple would show up everywhere as more and more as they attacked the comms, the turbines, shutting down JARVIS, the reactor that powered the ship, even shutting down alot of the doors while destroying the walls.
"I said we'd lose, you said we'll do that together too," he pointed a finger at him. "And guess what Cap? We lost and you weren't there- but that's what we do right? Our best work after the fact what we're the Ah-vengers? We're the Ah-vengers? Not the Pre-Vengers? Right?"
Tony lightly cackled as they lay down, pulling the covers over them with Steve sandwiched Peter in between him and Tony, settling to relax with Peter cuddling up to Tony holding his Spider toy close to him as he immediately knocking out into a deep sleep with Tony rubbing his back watching him silently, not wanting to wake him up easily.
Tony clenched his fists, shaking his head slightly, not looking at him. "Why would I? After everything you’ve put me through," he said through gritted teeth trying again to push him off
Steve panicked but he just sat there and did what he would normally do when visiting patients and helping people around the hospital. "Hey, buddy. You're okay. You just got out of surgery. You're fine and your dad is fine too."
He groaned as he came to be. "Fuck... where am i?" He muttered squinting his eyes at the bright light.
Peter fell back to where he was laying down on the chair with his head upside down. "Nooo, can i just go play now?"
Bruce immediately slammed his fists down on the table in frustration a low growl escaping his throat while his brown eyes shined the light neon green, Tony could hear Natasha sigh beside him.
Steve decided he had enough of his beard, so he headed off to his bedroom's bathroom grabbing a new razor Nat bought for him and shaving cream, and just carefully begun shaving every hair till there was none left.
"I doubt he'd do it," Nat lightly laughed. "I'm pretty sure he's  caught on, besides i doubt he'd not let you see him on his birthday,"
"You're my little spider boy," he lightly teased, started to tickle his sides with a smirk on his face at the squeals coming from him.
have time to hang out with him and made him a priority. “You always leave me alone to go with the shark”, he mumbled miserably.
He was mostly confused, he didn’t have any problem with the thought of Tony dating other men, he wasn’t a bigot,
It was during the time he and Tony still had their weird competitive rivalry going on and glared at each other every chance they got, so he had agreed to go on the date just to make Natasha stop.
There was one time when a lesbian couple had moved in below their apartment and the little old ladies were properly appalled and scandalized.
“So Steve” that was Natasha coming to sit beside him on the floor, “tell me more about this brunette from History class”
“This is like gross, watching mom and dad do the dirty or something Oh my god please stop eye-fucking each other. This is the kitchen! People eat food here, which I was just about to do before I discovered you two getting down and dirty and-”
Loki sighed exasperatedly and put his hands on his temple as if Steve was giving him a headache, “Because, Steven, you are ruining the festive mood with your pathetic pining and brooding and I would very much like to throw you out of the house but my brother would disapprove of that, so this” he dramatically gestured to the bottle “is the next best thing”
He leaned down with his lips just shy of touching Tony's sensitive ears, "Yes, I'll come to your place and admire your art collection all day long, over and over again" He rumbled and felt extremely smug when Tony shuddered full-bodied with a tight grip on Steve's arm, squirming a little in his lap.
Tony stubbornly struggled for a few more seconds before he finally went limp, jaw clenched and he turned his head away from Steve, apparently not even wanting to look at him.
“Then why are you still sitting here?” that was Natasha chiming in while disinterestedly poking at her lettuce.
"The boyfriend rumour was just convenient for them because Charles’ dad was being an asshole about their relationship. If he thought Erik was dating me, he couldn’t threaten to cut off Charles again. Since it was me who started it all I didn’t mind so we kept up the façade” , he explained.
“I know what I said, he was being a smug jerk that day and I wanted him to go away before you came but he was having fun watching me squirm and I panicked okay?! Not my proudest moment but I panicked.
He grew up in a small poor neighbourhood where everyone practically knew everyone. It was a warm close-knit community but was also a breeding ground for gossips which he never much paid attention to.
Steve had come to a clear conclusion about his feelings for Tony on Friday night, by then he was completely sure he was bisexual, he had been going around in circles in his head for the whole week after Tony started talking to him again. He was understandably tired and frustrated.
Once Peter left, Steve sighed. “I swear if you’re about to blow this up as if I got cut in half- I’m not going to McDonald’s,” he said though mainly joking.
Steve turned to the last two, crossing his arms across his chest. "Nat prepare the quinjet just in case, I'll stay on the Chimera for now- keep me updated,"
"Mm Petes, how about you go play quietly for a while?" Tony yawned, man he really was tired. "I think the both of us need some sleep time," Honestly he really just needed some cuddle sleepy time, they barely got moments like that.
5 years later they started over even though Tony kept his old engagement on a chain and never took it off, they got married the 4th year and adopted a little girl named Morgan and Tony bought them a lakeside home anyway from civilization. He still worked on his 'toys' sometimes but mostly took care of the little one, wanting to be better than his dad ever was. He was supportive when Steve started his support group on the people who lost loved ones, even came a couple of times. He joined tonight, holding their toddler Morgan, luckily she was a good girl.
Stepping inside his quarters, everything hit him at once it felt like someone just dropped buckets of boulders onto him. Their- no just his room now... it hadn't changed since the last time he saw it. The first thing he did was walk over to Steve's punchbag that sat on the floor- covered in dust with a few rips on it. He remembered when they first started sharing a room, Steve had asked to have one up here when he found out the Chimera wasn't going to have a gym like their tower. There would be times when Tony woke up during the night, he'd see the super-soldier up and just going away at the bag which always reminded him how lucky he was and always made him fall in love deeper than before.
He paused again. "So, fuel cells were cracked during the battle and we figured out a way to reverse the iron charge bought ourselves about 48 hours of flight time but uh... it's now dead in the water.. 1000 light-years from the nearest 7-11," He always tried to joke in situations like this but he knew Steve wasn't going to laugh.
"Today's day? 21? No, wait- 22. You know if it wasn't for the existential terror of steering into the literal void of space- I'd say I'm feeling a little better today." Tony let out a small chuckle before coughing slightly and continued. "The infections run through its course thanks to the blue meanie back there- oh you would love her," He said referring to Nebula who helped them fight on Titan. "Very practical, only a tiny bit sadistic,"
Tony tried to sitting up more but he felt really dizzy all of a sudden everything just seemed blurry
Pepper had him hooked to an IV with a sigh as she stepped out seeing Steve. "Don't beat yourself up on this, Rogers,"
"He still wears the ring you gave him," she said softly to him. "He's had all that bottled up for three years, steve,"
"Well, how do you know? You've never tried. Maybe you could figure something out," He spoke, reaching over to stroke through Tony's hair.
"S-son... son of a bi...bitch...," Tony finally got out, his eyes widened as he stared at the screen, snapping out of it to continue his search, barely comprehending when Kamala started talking to him.
"Meet me in the Tech Lab and see for yourself kiddo," Tony chuckled lightly as he and Kamala walked up to the lab. "Every test I did before on it ended... badly- but with this new miniaturized accelerator, I have a shot," He walked up to the cautioned taped out panel and slowly pulled it out from the wall to reveal the dusty old white and gold suit.
Meanwhile, Steve peeked his head out of the bathroom shirtless. "Care to join?" He offered with a little smirk.
"WAIT YOU'LL KILL US ALL!" Georgie yelled before the screen went white as Steve connected with the reactor, exploding everything around it.
“Okay..,” Peter just sort of mumbled though his mind was still racing. “...Do you both have powers like me?”
Steve shakes his head. "No. It is exactly my fault. I should've signed those damn accords... None of this would've happened if I would have just signed the damn papers!"
Morgan made little grabby hands. "Papa," she said, clearly wasn’t paying attention to what was said.
Steve gently takes a bite and smiles brightly at him. He sits in a chair next to Tony's bed and lifts Morgan into his lap.
Peter- with Tony’s help- crawled into the back of the car where he smiled big, looking out of the window. Tony got in next to him after helping him, pressing a kiss to the top of his son’s head as Steve started up the car starting to drive off. “Make sure he’s buckled,” he reminded him.
Steve's lips curved into a soft devious smile, leaning into his hand as he ran his hands up and down Tony's waist. "I have a suggestion to fix that,"
"We've been hunting Thanos for three weeks now, few deep space scans, satellites and we got nothing," Steve paused before he looked at his lover. "Tony you fought him,"
He doesn't know how long he locked himself in his workshop, he broke his many years of sobriety by pulling out his expensive scotch for celebrations- but he just wanted to feel some kind of numb. He was so ready to fight for justice, to take Tarleton to prison for the murder of Captain America- the whole reason he joined up with his ex-teammate and the stretchy teenage girl.
Tony gasped at the new angle, moving his hand back to where it was behind him, panting as he rocked back onto him. "God yes yes- oh god I'm so close please," he begged, throwing his head back on Steve's shoulder.
Tony said softly "good night princess," before he left and went towards the bedroom, taking a deep breath as he walked in to see Steve preparing for a shower, sliding off his grey shirt.
Tony paused for a moment, his hand resting on the metal door, bunching up into a fist as emotions were pricking at his eyes. Taking a deep breath he slowly turned back around to face the girl. "You think I don't know that? I've replayed that day a thousand times in my head," He sarcastically pointed towards his brain. "The Avengers take the fall, despite saving the day and that bastard Tarleton walks away smelling like a rose, and guess what? No one cares- no one cares," he glared towards Bruce before turning his attention back to Kamala. "The world needed someone to blame and HE gave them their scapegoat,"
"Nope! Cake later,"  they got all the names in the hats, and peter knew where the two names he needed. He just wanted his parents to kiss and make up, so he wouldn't be sneaking out to see his other dad. He pulled out the first piece of paper and smirked evilly teeheeeteeegeeegegegeheyhe. "Popssss anndndbdbdddd," and he pulled out the other paper. "Daddd!" He got up grabbing both their arms before shoving them in a closet. "7 minutes now!"
It ended up pursuing the males, stripping off each other's shirts, throwing them somewhere onto the floor, well they didn't really care so much about where their heap of clothing landed they had each other now, that's what mattered to them at the moment. It's been 3 years since they last saw each other, 3 years since they fought at the airport all over accords and their stupid controlled government who think they owned them.
Inside, were surgeons surrounded what looked like an operating table, muttering among themselves as they locate broken bones and stitching many cuts and places they've had to cut open, reconnecting bones best they could with their type of technology. He frowned at the sight as he stood by asking around about what he could help out about.
Tony paused turning back to Bruce. "Yeah- maybe sorta- we'll see," Before hopping down the rest of the way. He took another deep breath pulling out the chain under his shirt, fiddling with the ring that hung around his neck on that chain.
"I didn't tell you about our son," he started playing with his finger still looking down. "I could have saved everyone the pain by telling you i was pregnant that day-,"
"The Terrigen reactor was unstable," Bruce chipped in, giving Tony a knowing look as Tony scoffed. "And you knew that..., you knew that and yet still paraded it before the entire world!" He raised his voice slightly.
Avengers Day was going well as far as everyone knew. It started with the Avengers on the stage- of course, Tony wasn't still there-, Captain America gave a speech making sure to thank all the writers of their fanfiction competition- even commenting on how they made themselves more impressive than they were- before going into their discovery of the energy source called Terrigen which was quite powerful stuff, it was going to be used to power up the helicarrier they called 'The Chimera', a large flying ship that would travel up to where planes flew that carried passengers.
Steve winces slightly and was about to pull away when he suddenly feels the gentle hand on the back of his neck and he relaxed into the soft kiss.
He chuckles and kisses her cheek. "Yeah? You think so?" He asks and smiles. "Maybe when daddy wakes up we can go get him a juice pop."
He thanked him as his suit dissolved in his arc reactor, deciding he needed air, and needed to be alone. Fuck why did he let peter fight alongside him? He took a breath as he decided to wait outside the operating room where his son was, sitting in a chair pulling out his phone turning it into a laptop trying to distract himself by working, muttering things to EDITH to cancel this and that he'd be in Wakanda at least for a while.
Tony pressed his reactor his suit appearing, grabbing caps shield for him as he walked over to him, with a light jokingly look. “You lose this again, I’m keeping it,” as he hands it over after pulling him up before going out from the rubble noticing their culprit was Thanos… past Thanos. The two with Thor along their side while everyone else was under the compound fought their hardest
"You’re going to continue being you, babe. My husband. Morgan's father. And Peter still wants you to adopt him so you'll be Pete's father too. You can still be you, babe."
Steve nodded, pressing a kiss to the top of his head. “Me too bud... I wish I did too,” He whispered, more like his voice croaked. “I wish I would’ve been there for you… I’m so sorry I wasn’t around,”
He finally imagined himself kissing Tony and his lips tingled with just the thought of having those plush red-bitten lips touching his. It felt electrified even in his imagination.
“No one gave me drugs” Steve replied nonchalantly, “Loki gave me his special wine, Sei something, it was definitely something starting with an ‘S’” Steve said as he sprawled down on the floor next to Bucky’s feet, he was proud of himself for remembering the name of the weird drink at all.
“What about your boyfriend Charles?” Bruce asked, unexpectedly joining the interrogation and the others fell silent.
“No, you don’t have to do this Steve, you’ve been acting weird all the time and you’re obviously uncomfortable hanging out alone with me in the lab now, I get that, it kinda hurts but I will be fine with it soon. I’m sorry, you’re probably disgusted with the idea of being with me and it’s straining our friendship but I promise I won’t jump you or anything. You’re straight as an arrow and I totally respect-”
What the hell, he didn’t even realise four hours had gone by and forgot all about his plans to hang out with Bucky, Clint and Sam.
His beautiful callused but elegant hands that were always in constant motion when he was talking or working or listening. Tony was a whirlwind of chaos and beauty one can’t help but orbit around as if he were the sun, and Steve had drawn Tony many many times when he was hanging out in his lab, helplessly drawn to his magnifying chaos.
“You rejected me by telling me you were straight! You said it to my fucking face and now you’re not? What was it huh? Did you not trust the man whore Tony Stark to not back off without lying to him?!” he was shouting, gesticulating around wildly with his hands.
Everyone excluding Tony had noticed his thunderous mood over the past few weeks, he had snapped at people for little things and nothing truly held his interest. His art projects were lacklustre and he had no enthusiasm to fix it.
It wasn’t like he never thought about Tony getting over him and moving on. No, he was quite aware that it was a possibility but he hadn’t wanted to dwell on it in case he lost his confidence. He knew Tony was an attractive guy (God, how he knows) and there were lots of people interested in him and not just because of the very thick wallet he came with.
“You’re gorgeous” He breathed out, unable to help himself. Tony turned his smile at him and Steve felt like he was staring at the fucking sun with the way his features light up, “You’re not so bad yourself” Tony said voice dropping an octave as he slowly looked over Steve's face and body.
He didn’t care if it was too early to say it or that they hadn’t even talked about being in a relationship. He loved Tony, it was an universal truth, just like the sun was a hot burning gaseous star, Steve Rogers loved Tony Stark and that was just a fact of the universe. He couldn’t
But Tony had been busy with his AI project the whole day, unable to meet. He had asked Steve what he wanted through text but Steve had only replied saying he will tell him later when they meet.
still not even sure I am!” he exclaimed with confused indignation just as Bucky sat down with his new drink.
Tony laughed, “We stopped sleeping together after the first week. We realised our fuck rebound strategy wasn’t working for either of us and he got back together with Charles a few weeks back" He sounded fond and a little exasperated, no sign of hurt or jealousy over them getting back together.
He gingerly started to move, he had to see if his other friends were all crashing in the house like they had planned and he had to find Tony one way or another, he had to try explain himself.
Steve had been completely irritated and snapped his pencil nub a few times, then he started feeling guilty because he had no right to feel that way. He had fled from the lab early and lied about having plans with Sam.
God, he missed her so much, she would probably have something wise and comforting to say to him and he knew with all his heart that Sarah Rogers would never look at him differently just because of this.
He ended with a questioning tone as if he wasn’t even sure of what he was talking about and was looking for a confirmation from Steve, who at this very moment was still gaping at Tony in shock and reeling from what he just heard.
He perched his head on Bucky’s knee, feeling very affectionate, “Buck, you are my bestest friend. I won’t even tell Nat about that brunette from your History class” he told him conspiratorially.
He walked over and grabbed a glass of water and hands it to Tony. "Of course I do. I love you, Tony."
"Because, you young man," He smiled a little, starting to tickle at Peter's sides. "Need to treat us equally and stop giving old dad a hard time," Listening to his giggles and watching him squirm was adorable, his pleas to stop and begging his dad to let him go play. He finally let him go after bringing him to the playroom they have set up for Peter and set him down, letting him go play. He watched as Peter crawled across the floor going to his toys. He could walk, he just preferred crawling most of the time.
Tony blinked for a few seconds as he tried to process. "You realize we have a kid aboard the ship now right?" his cheeks flushed slightly, shivering at his touch.
"What?" He spoke through the radio as he started making his way to the control center knowing that's where she was. "Did you get a location of Thanos coordinates?" He tried not to sound excited.
“And gave him a hard time with that,” Tony came in with a light chuckle, coming over to give his husband a soft peck on the check
Steve holds Tony's hand tightly as he looks out the window to see the birds and nature sounds back. "Tony... It worked..." He whispers.
Peter huffed at this, crossing his arms as his father set him on one of the kitchen stools after he gave up on his attempts of getting down. "You're mean,"
Kamala nods in reply and just heads off, he waited for her to be out of sight before turning his attention to the two assassins, he couldn't help but his lips curling into a smile first turning to the redhead.
Morgan nods and smiles brightly. "Yes, daddy." She looks up at him with a smile and giggles. "Daddy?"
“I know his father-,” He sighed softly with a nod. “Actually, we were engaged years back- and based on the boy’s age… i might be- well I’m trying to figure out if I may be the other dad,”
Steve nodded, he felt a few tears escape his eyes. "He was.. pregnant when i hurt him... I left him for dead..,"
During Pregnancy/Complications: The patient came to our hospital for their check-ups. On January 6th, 2016, the patient was rushed in badly wounded, unconscious, with broken bones, almost miscarrying the baby at 2 months. He refused to talk about what happened when he woke up. Forced on bed rest for most of the pregnancy due to the close miscarriage, most likely the reason for the fetus to be born prematurely-
She nods excitedly as she asks happily if they can go buy one and they head off to the gift shop. Peter awkwardly stood by the corner an envelope in his arms as he looked down
Tony looked at himself, indeed he was- his eyes reverted to his right side and there was his bandaged shoulder blade where the arm once met. He didn’t see this coming obviously, he thought he died- the thought of almost losing everyone he loved and now possibly can never be the engineer he once was, made him start tearing up
He mumbled a bunch of thank you’s and honestly exhausted and ended up falling asleep in his dad’s arms.
Nebula came over and moved Tony to one of the ship's chairs so he was more comfortable, she felt so sorry for him, it didn't look comfortable on the floor either.
"But but- Lemme go see Daddy! I wanna see robots!" said as he bounced up and down angrily or well-tried before Tony stopped him holding him down in his lap.
"I didn't think about how you would feel and I put my stupid actions before you. I want to turn back time and redo everything, I would sign those papers to make sure you are happy.. that we're happy,"
He swiped his face with a wet towel having the faucet run as he looked up into the small mirror with a slight smile.
The star- now shown to be a woman known as Captain Marvel sent it down gently on the ground. After a minute the hatch opened to reveal none other than Tony Stark looking pale and on the brink of the death being supported up by the Blue robot as they slowly had to walk down, tony even tripped a few times but remained standing.
"And I needed you," Tony interrupted him with a glare tilting his head at him. "As in past tense that trumps, what you need is too late honey," he cleared his throat. "Sorry,"
"Tony," He heard Bruce started, taking a deep breath. "I don't know how long you're going to be mad at me- and to be honest I don't really care- and take as long as you want- but the kid is inhuman,"
"I won’t- i really am fine, just need to think about something okay? I’ll join you upstairs in a couple of minutes,"
Tony paused for a moment sinking it all in before patting the kid on the shoulder. "Come on...Let's go regroup the rest of the team," he gave her a soft saddening smile.
"Papa needs to sleep right now," Steve chuckled, shaking his head slightly. "Haven't slept in like a day,"
Steve smiles at his husband as he sees him walking toward. He quickly nods and pulls out the serum. "Let's go home."
“All right. The glove's ready. Question is, who's gonna snap their freaking fingers?” the raccoon spoke up.
He started tearing up at Steves words immediately pulling him into a hug hiding his face into his neck almost just started apologizing for his actions in Wakanda
Tony smiled at him squeezing his hand, bouncing the little toddler lightly. "Baby steps are the most important thing to remember, don’t rush it, i learned that the hard way, but it leads me 5 years later in a happy marriage.. and a little girl, i may never forget what happened on the planet where i lost that someone but it made me realize that i had to find a purpose," he said softly
"Huh," he said with a slight smile, god he never smiled at him when he was a kid. "Rogers, like ol Captian Rogers?"
"Hey, Jarvis? Soundproof the room for us will, ya?" After getting an affirmative from the AI he looked back at Tony. "They won't be bothering us tonight remember? We can push Tarleton and Monica out of our minds for just one night and worry about us,"
He pulled back after doing another raspberry before putting his son down in his lap with a smile. "Besides, I do bug work Bug, I work when you sleep if papa's out on a mission.
Tony let out a slight laugh, resting fingers on his forehead. "I saw this coming a few years back I had a vision, I didn't want to believe it but it was a dream,"
A motorbike appeared next to the car, he could make out a familiar metal arm with a star on his shoulder- no it couldn’t be. He watched as his shit of a dad crawled his way out of the crushed car- he didn’t care much for his dad that abusive piece of shit- karma caught up to him and he knew it. His mother called out for his father-
Peter nodded still clung to him tightly. "E-even if he s-says no- can y-you move back to new york? S-so i can see you outside of the c-compound??"
"Guessed your password on some Resistance blog," she replied as she fondled with one of Tony's makeshift repulsors.
She had been overpowered, she had fainted as she tried to enlarge to fight off the guards. And now she was in the hands of AIM, in Monica's hands.
As soon as Tony took Peter home to the compound, he knew Peter snuck around to see his other dad, and well he stopped caring about the second time, he couldn't keep a teenager from seeing his other dad so he'd let him go. He stayed up in the lab working on his son's birthday gift with a soft smile on his face, a new spider suit, and just new equipment.
"Screw this," Tony muttered as he took flight, towards the Chimera at full speed followed by his teammate Thor, but before they could reach it in time, a shockwave goes out as the Chimera explodes and sinks into the Bay below, the blast pushing the two Avengers back.
Tony paused on that as he turned himself to face Steve, a breath caught in his throat in disbelief. But his gaze spotted Thor who was playing with his thumbs, staring off into space.
Silence spread around the war table, even the SHIELD staff and other Inhumans... you could hear a needle drop on the ground
Steve chuckles and takes the papers and signs them quickly. He smiles over at Peter. "C'mere Pete." Watching him wiped his eyes as he walked over to him, immediately Steve gently hugged the boy and kisses his forehead. "You're one of us now, bud. Don't cry okay?"
When they finally pulled back for air, Tony softly laid a hand on his cheek with a soft look on his face. "Never doubted you for a second... just had to hear it from you," he spoke softly, stroking his cheek with his thumb. "The years were just... very tough without you around Steve..., the nightmares... the guilt on all of us, but now you're here it all feels like a dream..,"
Steve looks down at his son and hugs him again, holding him close. "I don't want to disappear again... But that's up to your dad..." He whispers.
"No, that's not safe and I'm in charge of you when pops isn't home," He replied with a stern voice, locking the door to the backyard before walking to the kitchen.
Tony groaned as his eyes fluttered open, his head tilting to the head. He spotted the iv with a sigh feeling the presence in the room. "I'm surprised you're even here to see me after that," he said still not looking at him.
For some reason, Peter was antsy about the trip- he never really left the house due to his powers not being controlled, his parents were terrified of them getting out of control and them not being able to do much.
"I'm not telling you to make him one, I'm saying he'll want one," Pausing for a second before speaking about. "Do you think you could make one that grows with him? Like...can expand?"
His eyes opened and slowly closed, just seemed pretty tired now, when was the last time he slept- he asked himself laying back. Was this the end for him?
Tony's lips curled into a soft smile pulling Steve back into another meaningful, passion-filled kiss, both males starting to move their hips meeting each other's, soft groans and moans, ending up with Steve moving fully on the bed, the brunettes legs and arms wrapping around the soldier's body, something told Steve that he just needed this one night, this one night to reconnect with Tony and make their relationship right again even though nothing could make up for what he did to him in Siberia, leaving him to die like that after smashing his shield into his life and power source.
Steve smiles softly at the videos and sees how small he is and how adorable he is. "Please tell me you got his first word and steps on video."
"I was scared you know? I was scared you would've just laughed at me, called me pathetic for trying to get you to sign the accords," he started playing with the ring that was on his middle ring. "I-i thought you didn't love me anymore- a-and i guess i just didn't want to be hurt a-anymore and pushed y-you away-,"
Peter pouted at this. “But I’m not a superhero without it,” he said sadly with pitiful eyes. “Please can I go like this daddy?”
There was a long pause, Bruce started slowly shaking his head with a scoff, looking at him. "This was a mistake," Pushing his hand at him in dismissal as he turned away to head back to his van.
He let her cry as he weakly hugged her, lightly shushing her to calm her down a little. "I-i lost the kid Pepper... i-i lost him," Tony said as if he was out of breath, the two stayed there hugging, Steve watching as the others went over to greet him, Bruce immediately pushing- well not pushing but urging Tony inside, Pepper being his support to get medical treatment- but when Tony looked up- his eyes locked with those gorgeous sea blue eyes- fuck he was falling in love all over again.
He must be dreaming- everyone watched that Chimera go down, everyone knew he was there- he couldn't have survived. Maybe this was an inhuman taking the form of him- this had to be a joke- Tarleton playing with his mind.
`"This is all because of Bucky isn’t it?" He crossed his arms. "Goddamn your ol pal bucky over your husband," he muttered as he got off the table
The first one to greet him was Pepper immediately hugging him, carefully with a strain in her voice letting out a cry.
"Morgan and Happy already went... i think they got it handled,' he laughed a little, was this father's love he’s been missing out on so long? Soon Morgan and Happy came back with balloons and juice pops
He hummed kissing the man back pulling back a little with a soft laugh. "Well, your husband is a mighty genius and may or may not have figured out your so-called time heist,"
"Tones, what are you still doing up here?" Steve asked, an eyebrow slightly raised. "We're needed on stage soon,"
"It's been 23 days since Thanos came to Earth," Rhodey cut off Natasha for a second before she continued.
Steve gently kisses Tony's forehead and holds his hand tighter. "Remember that he's in space. I'm sure he's fine. He's with Strange." He whispers
"Maybe- maybe I really really want your cock right now," His cheeks flushed. "Don't even care about being prepped more, just want your cock," he rambled with a soft whine, turning his head to look at him.
“Nat.. do me a favor,” He pushed himself to stand. “Find out why he’s here and freaking out- it’s not normal for him…,”
"Alright, Alright... alright, alright," Bruce cut in between the three. "Everyone just takes a deep breath," Small pause while everyone calmed down. "We planned on interrupting the AIM experience- showing the world what Tarleton was up to- these Adaptoids of his- they harvest their power through the torture of these Inhumans," he gestured with his head to the Inhumans that were passengers on their ship.
Tony's mouth dropped open, god it felt so amazing after so long, clenching his fists up. "I-I mmm... I like being on my stomach- u-unless you prefer different,"
"Doll... I'm sorry... I'm so sorry," Steve softly started leaning his elbows on the bed, not pulling his hand away. "I shouldn't have abandoned you like I did a year back and fight you until you were bloodied and broken.. left you to die.. ran off with Bucky to go off the grid,"
Steve looks up at the door quickly but then down at Peter. He paused for a moment before nodding. His voice was caught in his throat as he realized something. 'He fights with Tony... That's why he's here... He got hurt in a fight...' He feels tears run down his cheeks but then speaks after he clears his throat. "Yeah... I am... I mean, I was,"
Tony sets the suitcase down and sighed softly sitting on the table as they waited for the others. "What if this doesn’t work," he asked starting to have doubts.
"Finally...," Steve sighed in relief as he saw their son finally relaxed with his eyes closed, Tony sighed in return and decided to keep him in his arms.
“He asked about it- I couldn’t lie about what I did for living hun,”  He put his hands up in defense, he noticed his husbands glare but pushed it aside and glanced at his son, ruffling his son’s hair. “Calm down bub, you’re gonna get too tired,”
Steve nods and smiles. "We really did. We got Peter back and everyone else. Morgan is safe too. She's with Happy." He whispers. "Everything is okay now."
Tony smiled as he kissed the top of his head, even pinkie promising his son before hugging him tightly, spoiling him with kisses.
Tony plopped down on a couch, he knew they were gonna take it alow so he didn't pull steve back with him and lightly smiled at him.
Tony sat in his wheelchair, he has in one of his hand, an IV hooked up to his other arm as he listened on to the assassin, one eye peering at the now missing heroes, Captian Marvel- now known as Carol Danvers was looking at on another screen, her gaze froze on Nick Fury's picture, eyes slowly moving to the ground.
Steve instantly knew that Tony was about to cry. He gently pulled the man's head over to him and kisses his lips softly. "Babe. It's going to be okay." He whispers.
Steve stopped at the doorframe, his hand resting on the wood before he turned, spotting Tony attempting to sit up. The captain rushed over.
And Peter was excited once he saw Tony come to the table with the food, he took his ice cream and obviously starting to eat it first, ignoring the little chuckles he got from his dad’s, even hearing his pops mumbling before he started to eat his food. “This family is the farthest from normal,”
"Hey hey, don't take it personally kid," Tony cut in, gesturing a hand out to her before turning his attention towards his enemy. "No, this is what he does, isn't it?" He glared at him, harshly with a slightly broken laugh. "And why don't you take a good look around?" He spun around his hands out as he gestures to his trailer- his broken down aged mansion behind them. "I can't even help myself,"
He wasn't in his playroom, he wasn't in his bedroom- god where could he be?! He was panicking as he was nowhere to be found. He cursed at himself for falling asleep in the lab as he knew Peter was like without Steve was around but without both parents? As he was panicking traveling throughout the house as he was calling out his name, he spotted his son through a window, who was currently climbing one of the biggest trees in their back yard, of course dashing through the back door going outside.
"Are you okay?" He asked softly with worried eyes, his heart ached when he saw how close Kamala looked she was about to cry as she bows her head down, taking a pause- her lip wobbling.
Tony let out a slight laugh, resting fingers on his forehead. "I saw this coming a few years back I had a vision, I didn't want to believe it but it was a dream,"
"I'm here now Tony... I'm here," he muttered into his neck, rubbing his back. Letting the silence take over, no one wanting to break up the lover's reunion- well-
The soldier pulled back, moving his lips to Tony's neck, remembering all of his sweet spots, knowing they made the male go crazy. He smirked listening to the sinful moans and gasps as he created small little hickies along his neck, slowly raising his head to meet Tony's chocolate brown eyes, both taking in deep breaths, hips still pressed together, lightly panting, it felt like he found his missing puzzle piece once again.
“Have you told him what I do?” Steve asked, his glare getting a bit harder, his son ignored both of his parents especially his pops seemingly getting angrier, continued to play with the little dinosaurs he snuck in his pockets.
"Who told you that? No, I didn't fight him," Tony shook his head slightly. "He wiped my face for the planet while the Bleeker Street Magician gave away the stone, that's what happened there's no fight, he's an evil-"
She grabbed the folder and set it aside, knowing she would have to sneak it back when she had time- the room door opened as they wheeled in the unconscious boy, hooked up to an IV, bandages wrapped in many places.
Steve smiles brightly and hugs his son tightly. "I'm glad you like it bud. I figured it was something you could keep close so when I'm not around, you'll still have apart of me."
It started slowly at first, luckily they had JARVIS back up in their system. First things first, Tony had to steal supplies from AIM in an old broken down suit so he could upgrade his armor to be of use. He couldn't be Iron Man while using old scraps of old armor and prototypes from the mansion or what was in storage around the ship. Next was to get the Chimera back in the air, which involved stealing more from AIM, destroying an enlarged arc reactor stolen from his blueprints in storage, and looking for a new energy source that had the power levels of terrigen which was destroyed on A Day their next best bet was to search the drylands. While getting SHIELD back together and reconnecting with an old friend Hank Pym- once known as Ant-Man before AIM stripped him of the ability to be able to use his suit ever again- now he has a colony of Inhumans- called the resistance- hidden from sight, in exchange for some of their power source, they'd help hem out whenever they needed.
"Langs coming back was an accident Steve- and now you wanna pull a- what do you call it- time heist?" He looked at him sadly. "Why didn't i think of this before? Of course, because it’s laughable? Because it’s a pipe dream?"
He nods and walks his son to his bedroom and lays him down. He tucks him into bed and kisses his head gently.
Tony listened before stopping Lang. "Quantum fluctuation messes with the plank scale which then triggers the doy position do we agree on that?" He was pouring them drinks and handing them out. "In lamer terms, it means you’re not coming home,"
"Why'd you smash the reactor?" his brown doe eyes wandered up to look him in the eye. "Alot of people died..," There was an eerie pause as Steve's fingers paused in stroking Tony's short greasy hair, looking away as his perfect white teeth bit into his lip as he came up with an answer.
“Sorry I just… i just wish I could talk to him and apologize for not being there- apologize to Tony for everything… I-I hate me for missing everything- I didn’t even know..,”
He lightly smiled already fresh tears beginning to grow in his eyes, leaning up to peck his lips. "Y-you're really all i have left now- course minus pepper and Rhodey-bear,"
Going on a date with Billie was fine to an extent but neither of them were interested in anything more and now they just greet each other in the hallways or in class when they see each other.
There was no reason whatsoever that would make him question why this day was any different, but here he was, stunned frozen staring at Tony while he stammered out a confession that didn’t make much sense to the buzzing in Steve’s head.
“No!” Steve was horrified, how did their conversation escalate like this. Tony was clearly hurt and Steve was losing him even more with every minute.
Steve woke up disoriented with a very annoying and persistent throbbing headache which only grew worse when he tried to open his eyes. He groaned in pain. What the hell happened and where was he, he couldn’t figure it out. He cautiously opened one eye, braving through the pain and took note of his unfamiliar surroundings.
Tony surged up from beneath him, Steve winced bracing himself for a headbutt or something and was completely shocked frozen when a pair of lips (Tony’s lips!!) collided with his.
He was too late and Tony had a boyfriend who he was obviously smitten with, seeing as he introduced him to his friends (and Steve) which he never bother to. Lehnsherr was obviously not just a one-night stand, Steve was such an idiot. He wanted to cry, he wanted to curse and punch something. He wanted the weather to get a hint and not be so fucking bright and cheery, he would love to get soaked right now, even if it was just to be dramatic.
“I didn’t tell you because you’re important to me and if I was gonna pursue something with you, I wanted to be completely sure of myself. I didn’t want it to be a meaningless fuck or just me experimenting around. You’re one of my best friends and you’re too important to risk on some stupid thing like that. So I just, didn’t tell you, yet. I was going to- eventually, after I knew for sure. I was going to ask you to be my boyfriend the day you told us about your relationship with Erik-” Tony’s eyes widened in shock at that particular detail.
Sam grinned sheepishly, “I thought you knew that already and was just pulling my leg. Honestly Steve-o, I’m more shocked that you haven’t realised it. But thank you for telling me” He said with genuine warmth in his tone.
“You’re totally gonna win. I’m so betting tons of money on you, like literally so much” Tony was saying while Pepper was trying to set a reasonable amount to bet for Tony clearly knowing that telling him not to bet would be a lost cause.
It was relatively empty with only a bunch of students hanging around near the tracks so he just started running, pushing his physical limits to take his mind off the pain in his chest.
Apart from that, he was wholly content with the life he had now, with his friends taking up every bit of free time he had and he honestly preferred it that way, at least for now, he wasn’t really interested in trying to get to know new people to date.
“It’s okay Steve, it’s fine. I know all that honestly but I guess this was to have that confirmed because Pepper has been hounding me about communication and not assuming things. Thank you for being honest with me, Steve” Tony said with kind clear brown eyes and he was relaxed while Steve was stiff, coiled with tension at the unusualness of their conversation.
“Wait! Tony wait!” He caught the shorter man’s wrist in a tight grip while Tony snarled at him struggling to get out of his hold. Why was he always putting his foot in his mouth around Tony?
He was still gloomy when he went towards their usual cafeteria table after getting his lunch but perked up in an instant when he saw Tony already sitting there with Rhodey, Pepper and Bruce, laughing at something Thor said.
He had always been protective of Tony even more than his other friends. He had chalked it up to him being the youngest among them- two years younger than most of them, and the reckless spitfire that Tony was, he had a supernatural knack of getting into trouble that was really bad for Steve’s heart.
But today he decided to go home with a heavy heart, Tony’s request for space from Steve sitting heavily on his shoulders.
He laid on his back, spread eagle with one arm blocking out the sun from his eyes. He won’t cry he told himself sternly it wasn’t like he actually lost anything, he was still friends with Tony and their friendship was as perfect as it always was. Even if Tony no longer had feelings for Steve, they were still friends, Steve still had that.
“I asked him and he said he wouldn’t miss Loki drinking everyone under the table but he had a ‘thing’ at Erik’s house first and will show up late” Clint said with exaggerated finger quotes on ‘thing’, “which clearly is a euphemism for gross kinky sex so I don’t even know why he think he’s being subtle”
And Steve deflated, he wanted to punch himself instead because here Tony was getting rejected, but was still the one doing the comforting.
“BOYFRIEND!” Tony squeaked, “Erik is my boyfriend” he mumbled fast, completely red now and glaring at Lehnsherr who had turned back to look at Tony.
He wanted to laugh, it had been over two months and he still haven’t managed to do that. Evidently, Tony’s feelings for him had just been a stupid crush seeing how fast he got over him. Steve was just so tired of feeling his heart break every time he see Tony with Lehnsherr, laughing at his stupid jokes and taking all of Tony’s attention.
He put his hands on Tony’s waist, feeling skin as Tony's shirt had gotten bunched up a little. Tony moaned and it was such a trip to be the one making Tony sound like that. Steve was about to explore more of that beautiful smooth olive skin when he was rudely interrupted by a loud screech.
It looked like he was in some kind of lab, he calmly went through his mental catalogue of people with labs in their houses and decided it might be Loki’s and with a sudden hard jolt, the memories of the night before came crashing back to him in waves.
He had watched the video avidly at first, curious about how things were with two men and had drifted off into his imagination after a few minutes.
Bucky complained about it and looked at him weirdly till he made an excuse about not getting enough sleep last night due to his art history assignment which Bucky thankfully accepted as a proper excuse and got off his back about his behaviour.
He had spent all his weekend catching up on his assignments and working overtime at his weekend job at Phil’s restaurant to keep himself busy and not brood over The Tony Situation as he dubbed it in his head. He was sore from lifting all those boxes and cleaning up after Peter, the new waiter who was so nervous that he actually broke four plates.
"Well, too bad for you we are in love~~" Tony singsonged and turned his head towards Steve, pulling him into a heated kiss.
He fidgeted again and it was so unusual for Tony to be speechless or out of words that the whole wrongness of the situation made Steve scramble to do something to fix it.
Steve huffed out a wet laugh. He didn’t even expect Tony to say it back to him, he didn’t expect things to play out like this, he was so ready to have his heart crushed and stomped upon that the sheer relief and happiness at having
Clint snorted disbelievingly at that and didn’t even deign it with a response. Steve had to agree with Clint on this one, all evidence from the past two months pointed to the fact that Tony was clearly very much still dating Lehnsherr. And Steve was so tired, he felt strung out with all the emotions that had bombarded him ever since he realised his feelings for Tony.
Steve, for the third time in twenty-four hours, was again in complete shock. He gaped at Bucky and then spluttered “I looked up to him! It was admiration” he insisted even though he already knew it had probably been more than that.
