Tony could feel the underlying current of overthinking in Steve’s kiss. His hand moved to rest against the back of Steve’s neck, his other on his chest, his fingers an inch from Steve’s bicep where the arm ended abruptly.  It didn’t bother him. At least not because of the missing arm. Why he was missing the arm was something different. He knew this was wrong in so many ways. Not because of how they felt for each other, but because they both knew that this couldn’t end well. Different realities, the ultimate long distance relationship, right? He knew that this was going to wreak havoc on both of their hearts, but he couldn’t find the strength to stop. His heart begged for Steve in his life and he had him now, even if it was for a brief moment.
They didn’t go all the way that night. He wouldn’t let that happen. Not yet. He didn’t have the strength to last, anyway, but it was slow and soft and intimate, stripping each other clean of their clothes so that there could be nothing but skin contact.  Not to say that there wasn’t an orgasm involved; Tony’s fingernails left deep red furrows into Steve’s back, and in the end, they were breathing hard in each other’s arms, legs tangled and blankets on the floor.
He took his spoon and pulled up some of what he could only call gruel, shoveling it into his mouth dutifully.  Steve ate beside him in silence. It wasn’t exactly a comfortable kind of quiet, but neither of them felt pressured to talk.  It was almost nice, for a time, if they forgot where they were.
Tony winced at the thought, wondering how the rest of that fight went different. Was he still stuck on the roof alone?  He shuddered again, closing his eyes tightly. He didn’t want to think about it. He still had nightmares about it.
No, this thing in front of him was no more human than Ultron.
He audibly cried, just letting go.  He couldn’t be strong. Not right now.
A small smile found Tony’s lips.  He nodded. “Thanks,” he murmured, laying the flag in his lap so he could shrug the coat on.  It smelled like him.  As his left arm pushed through the sleeve, the brass ring glinted, catching Steve’s eye.  With the coat on, Tony held onto the flag once more.
Those dying blue eyes locked on the center of his lover’s chest, as the darkness closed in, and he saw a light.
It wasn’t long before they had parked at a structure that opened to a market that was suspended hundreds of feet in the air. The air was cooler, acting much like a walk in refrigerator and keeping the fruits, vegetables, and flowers fresh in the open air. No bugs ventured that high. It was an ingenious idea to elevate open-air markets.
“Start shutting the machine down, then,” Steve murmured.  He looked back at Tony, then down at the cave floor, almost self-consciously.
Shaking his head, he pulled the blanket tightly around himself, thinking better of it when it doused the light completely and left him in utter darkness.  He kept the blanket pulled around his shoulders, but open in the front. Shadows danced around him, taunting him, waiting just outside of the orb of light, waiting to attack.  He wheezed, starting to panic.
A few minutes later, they were both dressed in shorts and T-shirts; classic tourist wear. Tony even had a nice digital camera to take pictures with. He wished he could get a picture of Steve, or one of them together, but pictures sans bracelets were out of the question. Only pictures with their disguises on were safe.
Steve sighed quietly, tucking his face down against Tony’s shoulder. “You— Tony and Obadiah started slugging it out on the highway. I was close by, so I interfered. He wasn’t expecting to have to deal with both of us… but I took a few hits. I didn’t exactly have any power armor.”
Steve sported a beard, long dirty blonde hair that he could’ve almost pulled into a ponytail, a haunted, wary look in his eyes… and his left arm, his shield-bearing arm, was missing from the mid-bicep down.
The concierge checked the system, fingers tapping along the keys. “We do, but it’s a single queen bed.”
An armored fist hit the back of his head.  The world went black.
The heist goes wrong.
“I-It’s okay, I have it…”  Steve took out a few bills and gave them to the driver. “Keep the change,” he mumbled, then instinctively went to take Tony’s hand and stopped, swearing internally. He stuffed his hand back into his pockets and led Tony to the door, holding it open for him and avoiding his eyes. He was more than confused. A piece of him wondered if he was going crazy.
“Unchained Melody, yeah…” Steve murmured, interlacing his fingers and looking down at the carpet. “You taught me to dance. Or, you tried to. I…”  A tiny smile flickered on his lips, but still he looked down, long lashes brushing his cheekbones. “I stepped on your feet. I proposed to you and… you made that.”
Tony’s jaw clenched and he paled slightly at the mention of the other him being killed.  It was unnerving to hear your death being talked about so flippantly, even if it technically wasn’t his.
… but… Bucky’s my best friend, Tony, he always has been.  I couldn’t choose.  It all just unraveled and I wish we’d found out about Zemo sooner a-and I wish I’d told you about your parents sooner!  If I had, maybe things would be different, b-but we’ll never know now and I’m sorry and I don’t know if I can fix it, Tony…”
He looked down at the flag. “What is that? What’re you wearing? Why…”
Tony winced, looking at the hologram with a new perspective.  As Shuri began speaking about the construction of the building and the repulsors, the hologram moved seamlessly, not making a sound on the tile while the tourists’ footsteps echoed loudly.  Hollowly. It was macabre.
There was a certain unreal aspect to getting dressed that morning.  Almost like a waking nightmare. Tony felt numb, and he was sure Steve felt the same.  Numb… and yet like there were thousands of tiny needles pricking his skin, as if his body were trying to wake up after falling asleep from lack of blood to the area.  Maybe his heart wasn’t pumping blood effectively. The beats felt erratic and sometimes sluggish before kicking into high gear any time he thought about what was about to happen. They could barely stop touching each other as they slowly got dressed, pressing gentle kisses to one another’s knuckles and shoulders between articles of clothing.
Far too soon, the incandescents were fully brightened, and they knew that they were out of time.
Tony hummed satedly, his arms wrapping around Steve’s back and tracing lazy swirls into his skin. He leaned in, his lips pressing open-mouth kisses against his neck affectionately; he just wanted to stay wrapped up in his lover... as long as they could get away with...
Tony gave Steve another nod, his throat feeling tight.  It would be selfish to ask the man to stay. He would be fine.  He had light. He wasn’t in Afghanistan. He’d be alright.
A sigh of immense relief escaped his lips over the receiver.  “See you soon,” Tony whispered.
Somehow, the tension got worse.
Steve looked at him concernedly. “I’m not sure. As soon as they can prep the surgery…  Probably sometime this week.”
Finally, Tony glanced sideways to look at Steve.  “I wasn’t the nicest guy to begin with…. Can’t imagine what level of assholery you had to put up with there.”
bad…!” Steve whispered breathlessly.
Tony makes one of the biggest decisions of his life.
He just wished that they could enjoy this in a different time and place.  A time and place where they didn’t have to worry about death and destruction looming at their door.
Natasha glanced back at Sam. “He mentioned something about dreams. Something tells me we just need to let this ride itself out.“
“Are you sure…?” Steve whispered, searching his eyes.
“F-forgive m-m-me!” he cried, his words bubbling on his lips as he sobbed.
Natasha offered him the buzzing phone without a word and made her way back to the kitchen, leaving him some privacy. He took it from her with trembling fingers, opened it… and held it to his ear.
“W-where are you? I can be in my jet in half an hour…” he pleaded, willing to travel to the edges of the earth to find him. He had already traveled through realities, what was a plane ride now?
“You want to drive?” Steve offered.
“I love you,” Tony murmured, his voice low but unafraid, as if he had said it dozens of times. In his head, he had.
But then Steve poked his head into his room, calm as ever.  “Ten minutes until they cut the lights and seal up everything for the night,” he told him. “Make sure you have yourself situated, otherwise you’re not going to be able to find anything for the next six hours. It’s a kind of darkness that your eyes can’t adjust to.”
But Stark was all about completing tasks in order to create a better world.  So that’s what he’d do.
Worry shimmered in Steve’s eyes. He unconsciously pulled his husband closer. “I-I’m sure I was but how? How did you… what happened? Did the portal open the same way as it did here…?”
Steve licked his lips, swallowing uncertainly, but he nodded, not letting that brief moment of self-doubt show.  “Yeah,” he murmured, leaning up to gently nip Tony’s lower lip. He let his thighs fall from the man’s waist, instead tangling his legs and gently pulling them together. “Once you’re healed… then yeah. I think so…”
That hurt.  And Tony was pretty certain it hurt Steve too.
Tony sobbed, looking down for a moment and trying to suck it up, sniffling and pulling it together before he looked back up at Steve with watery eyes.  “But I don’t regret this. Any of it. And I’ll take all the borrowed time we get.”
He cried with him, gasping and clutching at every bit of him as if he would be torn away at any moment. He would be.
Well, he had thought so, until a sudden sound made him look up into the barrels of about twenty long-barreled guns.  He winced as his head pounded, warily looking at the people around him. He thought he knew these people. But somehow, they weren’t them.  A few Tony almost recognized – like people he had passed in the hallway at SHIELD – but there were two men that he would know in any reality.
He knew exactly what he was asking.  He figured it wasn’t that different in this reality.  Hell, it was why he became Iron Man, right? Without that turning point in his life, he probably would have continued building weapons, being the rich playboy that went to parties and wasn’t good for anything else
Steve avoided Tony’s eyes as the lift finally stopped on the eighteenth floor.  “But it’s not your fault. You’re here to help us… hopefully.”
Steve chuckled, gently squeezing Tony’s shoulders. “We took a hot shower together, then we just curled up on the couch, shared a blanket, watched some old movie that you like. Then we put in another movie. And then another one. Then we ordered Chinese, and fell asleep on the couch. It was the best day I’d ever had.”
No… this felt like some kind of tribute. A twisted memorial to the young scientist’s fallen potential.
Steve murmured, brows furrowing.  He sighed unconsciously and sunk his fingers into Tony’s short, dark hair, curving his muscular body against the smaller man.  “Even if you leave a mark, it’s going to fade by morning…”
“Sorry,” he finally murmured, closing his eyes for a moment.
Tony saw Steve’s hand reach out.  His breath hitched and he hoped, ohhh how he hoped.  Steve held the door open instead and Tony walked through it.
It would have to be a lie he told himself to keep moving forward, because if he let himself think even for a moment that he screwed up and that this wasn’t worth the price he had paid, he wouldn’t survive.  Even living as an outside observer of some possible outcome his future could have if his life took a turn like this Tony’s had left a heavy weight of burden on this Tony’s chest and shoulders. He felt responsible… even if he knew otherwise.
It’s not that he doesn’t believe or trust Steve, it’s just that he believes that Steve thought that was what happened because Steve is just awfully considerate that way and has somehow convinced his mind that that was what happened. Tony knows what
“Cake?”
, he’d been unconsciously carving out a space just for Steve as though asking him – are you in this with me? – and Steve had been meeting him halfway all this time.
He thinks of the immense relief that had flowed through him when the other Avengers finally found Steve, and how Rhodey had to hold him up when he saw Steve’s unconscious form being held up by Wanda’s telekinetic abilities with Natasha and Sam running behind her, as a silvered blur runs ahead of them to try and gather all the doctors available on the compound to prep for Steve’s arrival in the Medbay.
Steve sighed and ran a hand through his hair, making the helmet hair look much worse.
“Tony.”
Tony snorts. “I have no idea what you’re talking about. I’m a great conversationalist, just ask anyone I’ve met at parties. They live off every word I say. Speaking of parties, we should throw a welcome back party for you Cap. I – we all missed you while you were busy being,” he swallows around the lump in his throat, “you know.”
“I can feel your worrying. I’m fine, alright? I wouldn’t have come here if I wasn’t.”
“Hey, I know you guys did everything you could.” He pats her clenched fists timidly. “You know how I know? Because if the roles were reversed, we would do the same for you. You’re one of us now and Avengers look out for one another, okay?”
“You could’ve told me, you know?”
“Uh, yes. Do you remember mine and Cap’s kidnapping incident that happened a month back?”
Maria was
Steve’s eyes were still closed when they part and Tony’s just bursting with affection over how beautiful he looks. He leans his forehead against Steve’s briefly before giving a final peck on his lips and settling beside him again.
“First of all, me being tortured was not your fault. I don’t recall you masterminding the whole kidnapping thing.
“So, Wanda?”
level of the residential wing which caused a cascading effect of making the bedrooms on this floor smaller as compared to those on other levels – so much so that they had accidentally created a mini room by the corner. Sure, he could’ve asked the contractors to redo the entire floor, but he liked the idea that the compound had its blemishes that gives it a unique character and make it seem more like
He thinks of the thick bandages around Steve’s arm and the small crinkle on his brows marring his sleep, despite the strong sedation they had used on him – formulated by Bruce and Helen before the whole Ultron mess. He remembers smoothing out the crinkle with his thumb and muttering
“Oh my god, you’re such a troll. I hate you. Who the hell taught you that? Also, I’m not old.”
Tony lets out a harsh laugh and pulls his hand away carefully. “I think you might be the concussed one here Cap since your memory seems to have holes in it. I
Something’s coming, he knows that, but for the first time since New York, the tight feeling in his chest when he thinks about it eases a little.
Steve laughs at that and Tony feels warm all over despite the early Spring weather. He wishes he had the foresight to program Friday to record every time Steve laughs at his jokes so he could playback the sound every night to fool himself into thinking he’d never hurt him. That’s a great idea actually. It’s definitely going into his list of things to do, and he’s going to make it a priority because it’s obviously important.
“Hey, where’s the other half of your wonder twin?”
Wanda looks up at the smattering lights across the dark navy sky.
dying could trigger a panic attack.
“You’re annoying, you know that? Cannot believe this country calls you a – what do they call you again? Darling of the nation. If only they know how annoying you actually are. Darling my ass. More like an irritant of the nation.”
“That answers it?”
Well, Steve, if it’s between you and me, I would choose
Tony flailed in his chair as he grabs the edge of the table to steady himself.
He glares at the ceiling. “That means no one should be overriding
The party was in full swing when he enters the living room.
Tony smiles at the note fondly before pocketing it discreetly. He hums under his breath as he waits for the food to heat up and glances at Pietro and at once, an idea came to mind.
, but not untrue
“- see what actually happened?” Tony finishes for him. “Yeah, I did.”
And Steve, a comforting presence,
Dammit.
The whole getting captured thing would’ve been comical if the whole ordeal wasn’t so brutal. He could still see the fading bruises around his torso and neck when he looks at himself in the mirror, and he won’t be joining any pool parties or soak in bathtubs anytime soon - not that he was doing so after Afghanistan - but this just blew all the progress he made by about 7 years back. Before AIM’s kidnapping, he could at the very least close his eyes in the shower for 5 minutes
“Yeah, well it got you to laugh, didn’t it?”
“Stark. Can’t sleep?”
“You lost a bet to Nat again, didn’t you?”
He smiles.
“No, I think I slept too much, to be honest. You?”
Tony smirks. “How can I be late when the party doesn’t start till
Tony cups one side of Steve’s face and rushes to close the gap between their lips. His whole body lights up the moment they do, and he feels Steve’s palms resting on his waist to steady him. Time seems to have escaped them completely and all he knows is the feel of Steve’s soft lips against his and the raw emotion that’s threatening to burst out of his chest.
He swallows. “Okay, then do it on me. I’ll relive the whole thing – uh only the escape bit I mean, and I’ll tell Cap what happened – again.” Steve will probably hate him after but at least he’s not living in a world of deception where he thinks Tony is not a selfish man. “And he’ll have to believe me because you’ll be vouching for me.”
She smiles at him softly.
Wanda’s laugh tickles through the air as some sitcom – the 1990s, he thinks, looking at the quality and clothes of the characters – plays on the TV at a low volume. Her socked feet were resting on the coffee table as she cradles a cup of steaming chamomile tea to her stomach. He purposefully makes his footsteps louder so as to not startle her, which works as she glances at him.
Instead of employing an interior designer for it, he’d decided to decorate the room himself by choosing a brick wallpaper of a deep emerald colour [7] with a few bookshelves containing some of his – and Steve’s since he’d showed him the room – favourite books. A cream loveseat was pushed against one of the walls with a small wooden end table that sat an original 40s phonograph. Steve had looked at him funny when he first saw it, probably thinking it doesn’t fit Tony’s whole futurist persona, Tony had thought – but he personally felt that it was just the touch needed to make the room perfect.
The last thing Tony remembers before red mist fills his vision is the firm pillow under his head and the soothing sensation of fingers combing through his hair.
Before either of them could say anything, Sam’s voice came through the comms. “We’ve got movement on the East perimeter. Iron Man, Cap, you’re both up.”
“If you’re looking for food, Cap saved some leftovers from lunch for you,” Pietro points at the Tupperware beside the microwave with a note on it which says: FOR TONY ONLY :) P.S. CLINT AND PIETRO – DON’T!!
Rhodey frowns at him.
one time,” Tony shrieks. “And you said you would keep it a secret!” He hisses as he looks around the room.
“I think you’ll live.”
“My powers … I may not fully understand them, but I do know that when I show someone a … vision, it usually is something that is already present in their mind. I don’t conjure images out of nothing the way a magician might pull a rabbit out of nothing, Stark. Whatever they see … it must already be there. I simply put it to the forefront to manipulate how people feel or act. In Sokovia, I wanted you to feel afraid … so afraid that you would make Ultron and so I pulled your worst fear out of your mind.”
Those simple touches felt like all she could take.
“Gonna make ya jus’ as mine as I am yers. Pro’erty o’ Bucky Barnes. Fuck, ‘m yers. Open up, cmon, open up for me.”
Judging by the redness of his cheeks and the shy duck of his head, she guessed he felt the same. Steve leaving Emma only solidified that thought.
He didn’t wear anything the next time, either. Or the next.
Steve argued with him for hours. Toni stood through it all, wrapped in the embrace of her boyfriend, and kept her hand fixed right over Barnes’ the entire time.
They were Avengers first, people second.
Cumming was like a revelation. James’ spend filling her up, his lips in her hair, and his racing heartbeat perfectly in time with hers. The desperation (
He explained sheepishly,
Steve, selfless and good (
And the 'you' was emphasized in an unmistakable way,
Then...
). Finally, she’d whispered,
Then...then Afghanistan. TOUCH lost its lustre (
“Beautiful - ya really spring for nothin’ but the best, doll face.”
So she went back up to her penthouse, crawled on top on Steve’s best friend, and let him hold her close.
In Toni’s experience, touch often came with strings attached. Those strings transferred from one person’s skin to another’s. Each string was a demand for favours.
Teardrop-cut rubies glittered like fresh blood atop a golden crown setting on either side of her nipples (
“Don’t touch her ever again.”
She replied, brushing her fingers over her nipple piercings idly. James looked fascinated, scrutinizing her chest through her shirt, and she felt...
with a bitten off growl,
After that, they stopped only sharing a bed when they were sleeping.
She crowed,
If only he knew (
“I designed them myself.”
It was glorious.
Concerned, she freed her hands to stroke down the man’s naked back like she usually did (
Toni tried to open her mouth to say something (
“I know what I am.”
Still, it set her blood on fire.
“The same goes for you, Steve. My meager bosom will be flat as a pancake if the two of you keep crushing me at night.”
Steve shuddered against her, however he didn’t relax. Knowing him, he couldn’t ask for what he needed (
He groaned (
“There’s no need to be jealous. I’m yours.”
She asked. She watched as Barnes’ entire body jerked with understanding (
). Got dragged off by Steve again, this time for a shower and an excellent scalp massage before his fingers started drifting.
.  That you’re not pretending I’m
“You won’t…” Steve murmured.  “You won’t because you’ve seen what he’s done.  You won’t, because you don’t want to be him…”
Standing up and lurching forward, Tony made his way out of his room and down the wretched hallway.  He almost turned back, not wanting to venture into the black abyss before him, but he knew his only sanctuary was just a little further.  He stumbled into Steve’s room, the light falling across his resting form, illuminating his face in a cold way. God he looked dead.  Frozen.  Under the ice once more.  Tony let out another wheezing gasp, his fingers clutching the wall.
A tear slid down his cheek and he nodded at Steve’s suggestion.  “Yeah…. Let’s go.”
You know that feeling of dread when the otp gets together and there's still a LOT of fic to go?  *delicately sprinkles that all over this chapter*
Tony gets a tattoo.
of his dreams.
Then, finally, the fateful day arrived.
Steve gestured down the hall, which was little more than an attaching closet, into a small room off the side.  “Yours is down there. So, um…”
Tony couldn’t help but give him a confused look.  How was supposed to go in as
He could feel Steve falling asleep beneath him.  Tony nodded, a hollow look to his eyes. “Yeah,” he whispered, holding onto him and staring off into the dark.  Mercifully, exhaustion finally took over and Tony fell asleep being held by the one person that would.
Steve gazed into his eyes.  “Everything I am, I give to you,” he whispered.  “I don’t need a cathedral. I don’t need expensive clothes or ceremony.  I don’t need a home, or children, or a document to sign. You have always been my home.  And no matter where we may be, or what eyes might watch us, I would have you beyond the flesh.  Beyond whatever waits for us. Whatever stardust and chemicals make us up, whether we are god-made or some incredible accident, whatever wars that the universe will wage… I am yours.  I ask you to be mine…”
went after him without asking.  I was told to take the remaining members of the team to bring you all back in.  Rhodey… got hurt. Most of your team was imprisoned. I… caught up with you and Barnes and found out that he had killed my parents.  And you knew. I destroyed his arm and you disabled my suit to stop me. And then you took him and left your shield. You got the others out.  …We haven’t spoken since.”
Nick rolled his eyes.  “Fine. If you’re gonna be that way, I’ll be blunt.”
Tension built as they sat silently in the car…
“Oh…”
He turned back to Tony, opening up the folder as he looked over the contents. “So, before we get started, what year are you from and how much do you know about the AI Ultron?”
“Good…” Steve sighed, melting into the hug.
It took nearly two more hours to get through customs, mostly through the lines and showing their paperwork — transmitted into microchips that had been inserted into their bracelets and activated with the gps. Steve just had to input their names and where they were coming from.  It was just past lunchtime when they finally left Elitsha Center and walked back to their car, examining the small, temporary golden mark that had been stamped into their skin. The attendant had assured them that it was designed to fade within a month, but damn did it look permanent.
Tony stares at him blankly. “I think you need to look up the meaning of survivor’s guilt Cap, because well,” he nods at Steve who’s leaning against the worktable across from him, “you’re here aren’t you.”
“I didn’t think you’d believe me if I had told you first,” Steve confesses. “You have a horrible habit of twisting things around to make it worse on yourself. And I was so afraid that if I’d told you, your mind would somehow turn it into something awful. So I just,” he shrugs. “I kept hoping you would realise it all on your own and see how much I care about you yourself, you know?”
“Besides, I doubt you would’ve conjured up what we saw yesterday Tony,” she said as she gives him an almost pitying look and pats his shoulders comfortingly before walking back to where the party has somehow gotten more raucous.
but I was selfish because I didn’t think I could last another day before caving in to their demands if I hear – if I hear you cry out in pain again because of me.” He lets out an unsteady breath. “There, I said it. So, come on. Let’s hear it. Let’s hear the good ole’ Captain America speech about not leaving teammates behind.”
Tony rubs the back of his neck and nods.
He lies back down to rest his eyes when Rhodey got back up for whatever reason. He was about to doze off when his nose caught the scent of his favourite thing in the world.
“Ah, yes. I was wondering when you were going to bring that up.”
“Friday? I thought I said no distractions?”
Steve nods, still looking dazed and Tony smirks because he did that!
Tony splutters.
She looks down suddenly and places her cup on the table.
, Tony thought dizzily. Except he didn’t when push comes to shove, did he? He chose himself because he’s always been selfish even when it comes to Steve.
you there because of course, even though it works, it still sucks ass and was only able to safely transport only one person. I should’ve stayed with you, but instead, I jumped into that machine and left you all by yourself. We could’ve found another way out
“You shouldn’t have done that, you know? I would’ve been fine.” He sees Steve about to open his mouth and place a finger on his mouth to shush him. “But I get it because if it was me in your position, and if you were so out of it like I was, I would’ve done the same.” Steve’s eyes widened. “But you already knew that didn’t you?”
“I - It’s not that I don’t trust your powers Red but –“
Steve is now staring at him like he was talking Japanese. “Tony. I - do you really not remember what happened?”
“Oh?” Steve says in a tone that suggests he’s trying to hide how interested he is. “Did you –“
“No, uh –“, Steve coughs and looks away for a moment, “they were describing you.”
Tony’s nursing a drink – non-alcoholic, because he doesn’t want Steve to think he’s not sober for this – on the floor by the windows when he hears footsteps behind him. He knows it has to be Steve because they’re the only ones who use this space that the others have jokingly call it “the parents’ corner” [6] – hardy har har.
He walks into the compound’s kitchen to the sight of a certain silvered hair speedster munching on chips noisily.
When the compound was being built, a measurement error was made on the 5
“I needed her help with something,” he disclosed.
“Pietro told you I was looking for you?”
“Didn’t know you and Wanda were so buddy-buddy.”
“And you want me to relive the incident on Cap?”
“Oh of course not Iron Man, I didn’t mean to make it seem like you care. You’re the invincible Iron Man after all.
“Oh, right! Sorry, Tony, I’ll get you another one. A non-flattened one that is.” Steve grins and looks at him for a moment. “I think I’ll get you some proper food, you look like you need it.”
Tony chuckles because literally, everyone knows what was happening between the two young lovebirds, yet they seem to think otherwise.
He shifts his body to place a palm on the floor and lean more of his weight towards his left forearm, as quiet as he could when you’re lying on your stomach and wearing a suit of armour, to sneak a glance at Steve who’s left arm was still pretty stiff by his side. The phantom smell of burnt flesh wafts through the air and he suppresses the urge to gag.
“Excuse me? At least I did something about it!”
If Tony had been in charge of the vision, he wouldn’t have conjured up the fond smiles Steve had sent his way, the way they had held hands a few times and the way he had called him
amused when he had called her about the whole party thing, but he guessed she must’ve felt like she owed him a tiny smidge after the whole Ultron thing when she had gone back to Fury momentarily which is why she had agreed – albeit grudgingly – after a few minutes of back and forth between them. Either that or she got tired of his whining and had agreed just to shut him up before throwing the entire planning thing to one of her subordinates.
“I don’t really know where to start so I guess I’m just going to say it. I think your memories are muddled about what happened when we were escaping. I didn’t want to leave you alone in case your mind comes up with another scenario that didn’t actually happen. I don’t know if it’s survivor’s guilt or you were really more out of it than I suspected.”
her Cap? Also, thought that flattened cake was for me?” He gestured at the now-empty plate.
, next to him.
“What the hell is that atrocity on top of your head?”
to whichever god out there to not let him slip into a panic attack. Clearly, no one was listening because he was sure that they had left him alone,
,” he emphasised, “she didn’t hurt me.”
when Tony starts yelling curses and empty threats at them.
“You heard me.” He murmured as he pointedly stares at the building across from them. He could feel Steve’s gaze weighing down on him.
“Why do you always have to make it weird?”
grandpa?”
Tony looks down at his soda to hide his upturned mouth. The next time he looks up, Steve was sitting on the space beside him mirroring his cross-legged position.
Tony blows out an amused laugh.
Rhodey laughs as he lightly tickles Tony’s ankle.
“No! God no, what the hell?”
Since then, a few of Steve’s stuff made their way into the room without them ever acknowledging it, like the easel that sat by the windows facing the south, which gives Steve the best natural lighting for his drawings throughout the day – some of his drawings were even displayed on the walls. His favourite is the painting of himself looking unamused in the workshop [8]. Tony also knows that a few of his prototypes that never made it into the manufacturing line of Stark Industries were in every nook and cranny of the room instead of his bedroom.
“I’m glad you’re okay.”
“Surfing the Internet he says,” Tony mocked. “They calling you a DILF huh?”
“You were tortured because of me Steve, and then I just left you there,” he whispers.
He looks back at the living room and catches a view of Steve in the middle of one of his rare, animated laugh – eyes closed, body leaned back with a hand grabbing his left pec as his whole face lights up [5]. Steve pats Sam’s back who’s still in the middle of some ludicrous story by the looks of the increasing theatrical gestures and turns to grab a plate of food – which he knows is for him. He sees Steve scanning around before meeting his eyes across the room and –
He flinches and wonders if they’re filled with him and his weapons the way he sometimes has nightmares of red mist and the vision she showed him. He still remembers the clammy feel of Steve’s neck as the light went out of his eyes.
He thinks of the way Steve had laughed on that rooftop days ago, and how he’d wanted to bottle his laughter just so he could get drunk off it forever [3] and pretends that all Tony ever does is make him happy. He thinks of the way he had looked over at Steve on one of their many sleepless nights in the tower’s common room, and the way Steve had become more and more animated about how
Friday.
Tony rolls his eyes because of course Rhodey doesn’t give up.
Steve just stares at him with furrowed brows.
All of that was nothing, however, compared to hearing Steve’s grunts as they beat his body over with a baton and the smell of burnt flesh as their captors shout at him about fixing some machine and making weapons. Tony thought the whole world would know by now that he’s not in the business of making weapons anymore but guess they didn’t get the memo. Seeing Steve in pain almost made him cave though, which he supposes was the point of kidnapping the both of them – to use Steve as leverage. He was pretty sure he would’ve caved in a day or so just to buy Steve some time to recuperate if he didn’t manage to escape when he did.
they got kidnapped. All he knew was that when he woke up, both Steve and he were tied up in some prison that looked like a stereotypical medieval dungeon.
“No.” Tony lets out a frustrated sigh. “Must I spell it out for you?”
over and over, and running away to his workshop before Steve could ever catch a glimpse of him so he could pretend for just a bit that Steve wouldn’t – doesn’t hate him.
“Tony, are you sure? The last time –“
“Seeing as I have no clue what exactly you’re talking about, I think that would be awfully nice of you Iron Man.”
“Gee thanks.”
Steve blushes as he pulls the hat away and throws it on the nearest couch hitting the back of Vision’s head by accident. Either Vision has a really hard head, or he pretended not to notice as he continued his conversation with Wanda who had definitely noticed and was staring at Steve like he had insulted her entire lineage. Steve mumbles a small sorry and rubs the back of his neck sheepishly.
Talk about awkward. His mind drifts off and he thought of the conversation he had between him and Pietro that afternoon. He clears his throat.
“Besides the point, the favour is for Steve truthfully. I would think since he’d talked to you, he would’ve asked you to do it then, but I think Steve might’ve had his head messed up because he doesn’t remember what happened back there the same way I did.”
He gapes at her because how the hell did Steve know about his plan way before he did, and if so, why didn’t he do it there and then? He shakes his head.
“You’re such a drama queen.”
“But you’re wondering if what I showed you was merely wishful thinking on your part,” she finishes for him. “Like a dream … opposite of a nightmare I had showed you in Sokovia.”
Tony groans when a burst of light suddenly hits him and rudely rouses him from his sleep.
“That doesn’t sound too bad actually.”
back. Also, can’t believe you manage to convince
“I’m sure,” he interrupts before the vision of the Avengers – of
“The show.”
Steve’s laughter rang loud across the room and Tony doesn’t think about committing it to memory, because he’ll chase Steve to the ends of the universe just so he gets to hear it at least once every day – for the rest of his life.
Tony nods.
“Clint said he found the two of you sleeping here on the couch this morning,” Rhodey plops down next to him. “I mean don’t get me wrong, it’s a pretty huge and comfortable couch and all – but I thought the two of you were still,” he makes a so-so motion, “you know?”
He’d just been deep in his self-deprecating thoughts all this time that he hadn’t realised that all along Steve could possibly – well, Tony’s calculated, and he thinks it’s a good 84%, maybe 87% that Steve lo– likes him back. The thing is, once he realises it, he can’t stop playing back every interaction they’d ever had – because, well, he couldn’t have been that oblivious, can he?
Steve sighs and he reaches out his hand before wincing.
Tony rolls his eyes at Steve’s insistent use of codenames on the field and steals a glance at him who’s wearing a look of utter confusion.
“No … Tony that really isn’t accurate.”
“That was pretty lame even for you Steve.”
shall I say, was able to make one. I
A chorus of unamused groans echoes through the room and he snickers.
He doesn’t want to hurt Steve ever again.
He thinks of the way Steve had tried not to make any noise as their captors beat him, not because he’s trying to be tough and all, but because he knew that they were using him as leverage against Tony and didn’t want
Tony ruffles his hair only to find it greasy and vows to take a shower right after he has a hot meal. He hopes someone had the decency to save some leftovers for him because he doesn’t think he has the patience to wait for food delivery.
His voice was rough with emotion and his eyes stayed closed. There was silence between them as he placed butterfly kisses down her wrist, elbow, and collarbones. Settling his head on her chest, James whispered,
“Intimate contact...with Captain America’s dick.”
“‘M gonna eat ya out.”
“When I met you...”
Steve begged, hands flexing and relaxing where they folded over Toni’s stomach. Barnes ignored him, squeezing his eyes shut and shuddering.
“Badly.”
Staking a claim.
James’ hand moved, but not towards her chest. Instead, he caressed the length of her jaw. Tilted her head back. Placed a hand on her breastbone and pushed until her spine bent, until he was the only thing holding her up.
Barnes’ thick thighs jammed between her own as he slept heavily on his side, the weight of his body pinning her half beneath him like the worlds largest and densest blanket. His stomach twitching beneath her head as she draped herself across his body, her fingers skimming over his abdominal muscles. His hands - metal and skin - buried in her hair (
Steve seemed torn between delight and the first flickers of worry when Barnes refused to leave the tower (
He shifted, exposing the irritated scars where his left shoulder connected to the metal arm, and guilt swamped Toni (
Fuck, it felt right to have him inside of her. Even as he began to slam up into her, thrusts harsh and raw and animal, she felt settled. Present. Focused entirely on the heat drenching her entire body, James mumbling her name over and over, the delicious throbbing in her pussy and her neck where he bit her.
Toni flipped him off over her shoulder at the ‘frilly bits’ comment (
She ground downward and moaned at the sensation of his erection pressing against her through the last scrap of fabric she wore. Dipped her hands down to feel for herself.
Longing to reach out (
She sunk onto it like she was made for it. A giddy elated thought flicked through her:
Toni remembered substituting sex for touch. She could see the signs (
) that kept her from spending too many nights trading wounds with Barnes. Eventually, Steve’s shuddering nightmares about what had been done to his friend kept her from going down there period.
“You’ve got gun oil in this.”
Skin on skin - that’s what she wanted.
Barnes had only bared his teeth at him and left (
The moment things began to settle, Toni took off. She was a control freak, but her boyfriend missed her (
Steve looked to be in the exact same condition.
Many studies showed that everything that had happened to her - the trauma, the PTSD, the crippling anxiety in the face of dying again and again - was worsened by her refusal to be touched. By her refusal to meet expectations. She was making herself sick.
But he’d said her earrings matched. And James...he had to touch. It was only fair.
). She tried to communicate with her eyes - she was giving Barnes a way out.
Curled against Bucky Barnes’ back in an extra-firm bed, Toni wasn’t so sure.
“Nowhere near as nice as this, but there were plenty of frilly bits.”
) - didn’t wear anything to bed the next time he crawled in. Toni didn’t say anything about it. She liked the way his skin felt against hers.
). He tugged and toyed with them, rocking against her as her fingers slipped from his mouth to grasp his shoulders.
She didn’t want to say no.
Respectful of her reasons for wanting to remain so.
“I can feel how wet you are. Soaking right through those panties onto my dick.”
So they went on. They fought the Soldier again and again to the tune of Steve’s desperate speeches. Finally, Natasha and Toni managed to coordinate well enough to paralyze the Soldier long enough for a proper capture (
Sexual, monetary, emotional...
He dipped down again, letting her grind against his face before pushing back,
They’d stared at each other, measuring the painful truths between them, and done it again. And again.
But there was a line. Toni distinctly remembered that morning she’d mistaken Steve for James. She knew what he’d think.
She’d scoffed at that when her and Steve were still just...really good friends with benefits. People with no control over each other. Just fuck buddies...and people who leaned on each other after battles. Who met up on nights they were both having a hard time and just shared a bed to keep the nightmares away.
“Gonna say all t’ filthy shit I wanna do right 'n those sensitive ears. Gonna mark ya up, sweetheart, inside an' out.”
Her legs spread and she fell back on the bed, hips tilted up and practically begging for it without saying it. Fuck, she couldn’t say it. Saying it would make this -
His gaze was smouldering, though his expression was blank. They could step back - end this experimentation. He’d seen what he wanted to see.
He’d said, twisting one of her curls around his fingers and kissing it softly,
She couldn’t say no.
She’d never been particularly impressed by them.
“James!”
Barnes grumbled under his breath about her memory, tucking the tag back under the shirt’s collar, before resting his chin heavily atop her head.
). She took what she could get. Eventually though, sex lost its lustre.
“How’ve you been sleeping, Barnes?”
She said, low and easy,
She mumbled into the hair tickling her nose,
James’ eyes slid closed as she cupped his cheek. He leaned into the touch even as his body pinned her from foot to chest (
Would you all believe me if I told you part of the original concept for this was Toni cumming just from grinding against James' lap as he played with her piercings? I don't know how the rest of this happened.
“I want it to.”
Toni’s outfit was a smash hit. A homerun. The best choice she’d ever made.
). They stayed in separate rooms most nights.
“Buck-“
“Both of us refused to listen to a therapist, but some of their advice actually helped. Touch - they always advised touch in recovery. It helped me sleep.”
) within. It released a knot of tension she hadn’t realized she’d been carrying in her stomach.
Steve’s fingers winding around one of her curls, a long mess of them having fallen free of her sloppy bun in the shop. Steve’s wide hot palms sliding across her back. Steve’s thumb skating across her knuckles.
In the dim light of their bedroom with only the sound of their breathing for company, James’ hands on her felt so much more - hotter, heavier, drawing her focus so intensely that the rest of her body fell away (
_______
She yanked on his hair, writhing in frustration as he stayed stubbornly in place (
“Ya know...”
“Still...”
But it seemed touch didn’t discriminate.
Toni danced with Steve for the rest of the night (
“He’s not gonna understand any of this fancy stuff.”
It wasn’t the reason the whole world seemed to narrow down to this moment (
Fighting the soldier was priority number 1 for the Avengers for months. He was constantly trying to kill Fury - something he damn well would’ve achieved if the entire team wasn’t dedicated to stopping him. The man was fast and wily and STRONG.
She begged,
She was getting a little envious, really. Since being gone, she craved touch (
But he was right. Barnes had been doing better. Toni’s own anxiety had softened somewhat, too.
Exquisite. Regal, maybe? James’ gaze was equal parts dark, hungry, and admiring. When she drew in a shuddering breath, he leaned forward to admire the way her chest lifted (
“You’re a genius, Barnes.”
Her therapist told her, looking twenty years older than she had when these sessions started. The words sent the same twinge of unease through her core that they always had, but this time instead of scoffing, Toni grinned sharply.
While throwing some icy blue mesh at Barnes that, while attractive, was probably going to wind up torn once Steve peeled her out of her dress (
But there was something about being careful with another person when you were never built to do that for long...
). Barnes opened his eyes, looking right at Toni.
“Can’t fuckin’ stand not bein’ inside of ya. Need ya. God, I need ya, feels like ‘m gonna die if I don’t pop off in all that warm wet - soakin' just for me, Sugar.”
It was...fine.
Eventually, after Hank Pym built Ultron and she had to sacrifice one of the last keeper’s of her secrets to stop him (
“Alright.”
The bitter taste of betrayal lingered in her mouth all night.
“While I mighta been fanatic bout unwrapping a woman like a work of art, Stevie doesn’t care about the window dressin’.”
“He’d take them to bed pretty often. It wasn’t till I broke his nose that he stopped - didn’t realize it hurt me so bad, y’know.”
He’d grimaced, then tucked her beneath his chin so she couldn’t see his expression,
Jesus, she couldn’t focus. Couldn’t keep a damn thing straight in her head other than James between her legs and the orgasm she could feel rising from deep within.
). It didn’t mean anything other than trust. It wasn’t the reason she was hyper-aware of every breath she was pulling into her lungs (
He drew her hand upwards by the wrist, nipping again at her ear and thrusting up needily at the way she whimpered. Pulling away, he abruptly slid her fingers into his mouth.
The tension was thick enough to cut with a knife.
SHIELD got tired of her stonewalling. Fury chewed Steve out but good, all to the tune of his flat (
He told her (
“I can only speak so much to Stevie’s taste, yeah?”
). He’d taken the brush of lips over his metal palm motionlessly, but his human hand curled in to cup her face as his thumb pulled down her bottom lip. She’d lingered for a moment, caught in the private vulnerability of his expression (
His tongue flattened for a long languid stroke. Once over her entrance, sweeping up over her clit. Again there, digging in just a bit. Then lower, deeper, long strokes inside of her.
Touches between herself and Steve were still furtive. People had a hard time telling they were dating, though it was obvious to everyone that they cared for each other (
He gestured awkwardly next to himself, a flush climbing his cheeks, head ducked behind the long fringe of his hair,
He looked utterly debauched already (
“I’ve told you you’re too heavy to play blanket.”
“Go get ‘em, tiger.”
). He wanted her to meet ‘Bucky’. To try and connect with him.
The thought was disconcertingly pleasing (
“It’s ok, Steve.”
He growled, teeth catching on one of her piercings and pulling lightly,
He was making an offer, she realized. He’d let her kill him. Only her.
). Barnes eyed it with interest, flipping it around in his hands to admire the magnetic buckles she’d sewn onto it.
“Touch her again and I’ll skin you alive.”
Toni asked, tilting her head to the side and trying to stamp down on the tension winding tighter and tighter inside of her. Her hands fisted her shirt. She wanted to take it off.
There was a line.
) like a drug. It left her tense and aching.
Toni blinked and shifted into an upright position, sitting in the cradle of his hips.
Crawling into bed, settling into Barnes’ arms...
). He recognized Steve and the blood on his own hands (
She grinned.
“If this brings up bad memories, I can tell him to sleep somewhere else-“
Barnes whispered to Doom, transmitted loud and clear over the com unit he’d neglected to turn off. Steve stuttered to a stop across the field and Toni nearly missed her next shot.
He cut himself off, the ‘hurting anyone’ he didn’t say filling the silence nonetheless.
“And we liked the same kind of girl - somebody with fire in their hearts and all kinds of attitude. He uh...”
), Steve’s hands kept finding ways to brush against hers. The only contact was things other people wouldn’t notice. Nothing inappropriate.
He didn’t touch
So the next time she picked Steve up in battle, she let her gauntlets slide away from her hands for just a moment. Pressed her palms against the back of Steve’s neck, just above the cowl he’d pushed down, and had told him,
He sighed, sounding defeated and exhausted,
Her last business trip to Japan had ended in her screaming at the top of her lungs, convinced she was back in the portal. Barnes didn’t talk about his dreams, however he’d pinned her to the bed the second she’d gotten back and had kept her below him for hours before letting up apologetically (
He’d endured, and the sour taste on her tongue had gradually faded to nothing at all. His friendship, his love, was like water.
“Hold on to that fine American ass, sweet cheeks. We’re gonna do a barrel roll.”
Ty had mocked her once by saying she looked like a teenager (
He wouldn’t let Steve touch him. The space around James Barnes was emptier than the space around Toni had ever been. Unlike Steve, he didn’t touch traces left behind.
The disappointment passed over Barnes’ face almost too quickly to be seen. Toni only caught it because she was looking for it (
Only then did one of his hands drift down from her neck to curl around her back. Like this, she was almost fully on display for him (
He said it like a promise (
It didn’t take long for Steve to wish her a happy one month anniversary. Toni had kept her terrified meltdown under wraps, had simply pretended to forget the date, and very pointedly did NOT bring up the fact that she hadn’t known they were dating.
James said, the muscles in his abdomen twitching as Toni stretched to grab a new strand of hair for the braid she was creating (
In the morning, she thieved one of his shirts to wear to breakfast.
It took a minute for her to come down, resting her forehead against his. But when she did...
“Steve prefers simple.”
“Steve,”
He kissed her ribs, moving lower with every word.
“Jus’ gotta have patience t' take ya t’ pieces. T’ show ya nobody else 's gonna fuck ya like I do.”
She’d left Barnes alone. Untouched. Even though they’d been hurting each other, he was clearly begging for it - begging for her to stand at the wall and take him apart.
“I can’t risk-“
) ‘yes, sir’s. Toni thought it was the most personality she’d seen out of him since they started on this team together.
“Did lingerie not exist in the 1940s?”
). Her face must’ve fallen, because Barnes was quick to reassure her.
). She knew he struggled with the ‘Bucky situation’, but wished he’d be more assertive
He notably didn’t say keep doing it. Toni was getting familiar with the ways Steve lied, the ways he ignored his own needs, placing other’s above his own. This was exactly how he did it.
The next time he came to her floor to talk about therapy, she kissed him breathless. Relished the full press of her body against his. Felt her heart thundering like she was seconds from a panic attack.
Rhodey’s feet, cold and bony, nudging at hers. His weird trick of toe-walking them up her legs just to watch her squawk. His arms, sure and strong, wrapped tight around her shoulders as they shook in laughter.
“I do have contact.”
“James, James, James!”
His pain...her pain...
As if he’d been given permission (
So Toni saw a therapist. She stonewalled the woman for a month before Steve, always ready to try again Steve, knocked on her door. He’d bullied his way into her kitchen, sheepishly made her a cafe mocha to die for, and said he’d been sent to talk her into opening up.
“I’ll abuse ‘em to my heart’s desire if it keeps ya wearin’ ‘em.”
) and her bed was calling her name (
Where they just lay there and talked.
There was a line.
“You can sleep in here.”
_______
It was clearly the wrong thing to say. Steve didn’t move at all, his face still tucked into her neck, but she could feel his jaw winding tight.
). He seemed to think the same thing, replying only by rolling her over and rubbing his head against her chest playfully. Too tired to laugh, Toni simply enclosed him in her arms again, drawing his head down to rest on her stomach.
“We decided it was for the best,” Steve replied evenly.
Steve glanced down at the arc reactor, brows raised slightly.  He’d forgotten about that. He nodded slightly. “I’ll be in here.  If you need anything…” he murmured, hesitating at the sight of Tony wrapped in his blanket.  “Just… you know. Holler.”
The journey to Wakanda was different this time. It took most of the day, emerging into the sunlight and taking him to a separate city outside the capital. His briefing packet had told him that this was a typical transit route; he’d go through customs and by the time that Stark got the notification that he was back in Wakanda, Ultron would be shut down. Communications would come to a halt for three hundred and four seconds — just over five minutes for SHIELD to make their assault — an estimation of four hours to dig in their heels before Stark himself arrived.
Tony and Steve arrive in the capital of the new world, and it's even more than they expected.
Steve swallowed, glancing between the interactive stations… then, he approached one of the princesses.
Tony pursed his lips as he listened, his eyes averted from the man. “What caused the rift?” he asked quietly, having to know.
Out of instinct, Tony casually crossed a leg over the other, his hands holding his higher knee.
Steve Rogers and Nick Fury looked down at him, three narrowed eyes between the two of them.  Nick was a little dusty, like everyone else; otherwise he didn’t look much different. Steve, however…
Tony sighed.  “Time to age a bit,” he murmured, knowing that he would be getting streaks of gray and a few wrinkles put in along with changing into the suit.  If this whole plan didn’t age him a few years, he didn’t know what would.
“I don’t want it to be just four days…” the super soldier whispered, struggling against his exhaustion.  “I know that even when you go back, you’ll be with me. You’ll always be with me. You promised. But… I’ll miss you when I’m awake… it would be easy to just sleep…”
– protective instinct that he should have left behind a decade ago – took over.
You think he’s sick? Maybe he’s got mono. I had a cousin who got mono one time; he had to drop out of college for a whole semester to recover.”
Steve shrugged at him, still keeping his eyes down. Meanwhile, Fury turned back to the billionaire. “I presume the Avengers didn’t help you hack and invent, did they?” he asked. “We’re not asking you to kill the other you. We have someone lined up for that, should it become necessary. What we need you to do is shut down Ultron remotely from Stark’s core lab in Wakanda. You already have his DNA. We just need to get that antique out of your chest, give you a few more grey hairs, and viola. You’ll be back in your reality in less than a month.”
"Well shit, now we're really getting into it, you wanna dirty talk while you beat the living shit out of me? Cause i can totally do it." Tony said, now a little bit slured and forced as the blood in his mouth made it difficult to talk.
There seemed to had been a change in personal based on the fact that almost all of the clerks now was giving them very obvious death stares but still staying away from them. Tony had just found the right size and was standing on his toes to get it down from the hanger, while Clint was on the side laughing his ass of and providing
That's why, when the call came in that Fury had, to everyones surprise (and slight worry). Canceled their usual tactics talk, the Avengers were over the moon about it. And they decided that a casual and completely random shopping trip would be a perfect way to celebrate it. After all, what could possibly go wrong?
"Are you fuck- it was you?! You little asshole!"
The sound of a glass being crushed also filled everyones ears.
"So what is this 'trade' that we now have to do?" Tony asks.
So that's why he kind of jerked when he hears footsteps on the tiles and knocked his head into the exhaust pipe of the car he was working on. he may have also shouted a few swearwords about if the person did that again he would shove the exhaust pipe so far up their asses smoke would be coming out of their mouths.
Anyway, that really wasn't important now because he had been chattering about doing something as a team for a while, so this would be right up his alley. Also she could easily convince Steve to drag Tony and Bruce up from the depths of hel-i mean their labs and workshops. Thor was also easily convinced, just say that there would be pop-tarts at the location. And you could guarrante that he would be there.
like to experience that first hand.
So he promptly decided that he would have to find his own way of entertaining himself. And there really was only one thing that would do just that.
Once Tony signalized that he wanted to go down, Clint just stood there for a awkward while... before Tony wiggled his ass a bit and then Clint finally got a grip and started moving his hands around to try and catch Tony when he sort of fell down.
They had arrived in separate cars, just incase one of the car drivers actually were a spy. At least Tony and hopefully everyone else could alert SHIELD and Fury about the situation. Because Tony would not be driven by anyone else except for Happy. But if there were any spies, they didn't reveal themselves just yet. And the ride to the mall went surprisingly smooth.
_________________________
"What is that? Is it a bomb?!" Clint exclaimed while backing up against the wall.
“You are most welcome,
"But come ooonnnn... Natasha it's about Tony."
"Natahsa, this is Bruce, Tony will be okay. I’ve changed his arc-reactor, i don't know about broken bones, but I'm pretty sure he cracked a few ribs, and his foot is definitely broken. He took a mean beating. We are almost back at the tower and there Helen and her team will take over, Steve has asked JARVIS to send a suit to you guys, it shoud arrive in a few minutes. I hope Thor can give one of you a ride while the suit can take the other one, just come right back to the tower."
"Also, see ya in a day, or two, i dunno."
"Ye - yeah, im good. Just forgot i had super strength, that's all."
“So how do we actually do this? Like are you or me going first?” Clint exclaimed, a  bit confused and awkward.
"Hey Tony, it's not nice to run away from your boyfriend." A sickly sweet voice whispered into his ear. And oh how he knew who that voice belonged to, and oh how he hated this and wanted to be anywhere but here. Even professor Coulson's history lessons were a better option.
Hello again! Well its been almost a year and i swear to myself i did not intend to make you guys wait for this long, i have been thinking about finishing this but with school, sports i play and friends i simply haven't had that much time and my inspiration levels have been at 0. But now i am finally doing the last bit of the tony and clint part and then we're on the run up chapter of the end :)
I hate unfinished books just as much as you so let's try to do this!
"Yeah, well whatever, also you screamed like that one chick i had in Belgium." Clint answered, while slowly sitting up and leaning backwards until his back hit the wall.
"Oh hooo Clint you are getting in troub-le." Sam claimed a bit slurred since the drinks he mixed was made up on vodka, orange juice and one of Thor's mysterious cocktails which made everyone a bit fuzzy in the head.
"That’s exactly why, we don't know if you have a concussion or any broken bones, therefore, the iron man suit." Bruce swiftly replied, while the suit had strode up to Clint and was now expectanly waiting on him to
Steve went into the changing room and soon shouted that he needed a bigger size, at the same time that Bruce was done with a pair of pants so Tony and Clint both went out into the store to hunt for a bigger size and to leave the pants of it’s hanger.
a sea of fried chicken. Bruce decided that a french fry would be the death of him, sadly he was unable to do so as Thor had given him the Heimlic manover and he had magically survived.
"What? I just don't like fried chicken? It’s not like it’s the end of the world." Steve said. Quite carelessly and not really getting the seriousness of the whole situation. Meanwhile Tony and Clint now had Sam to back them up.
The very-hot-adonis looked up and met Tony's eyes.
After he was done he got up and took the keys and started to open each lock, one by one, until there was only about 10 locks left, but no matter how many keys he tried none of them opened the last ones. Sadly he got back to Tony, who had started playing around with the scraps of metal and wires.
"OK, WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT?" Clint exclaimed while looking around trying to find the source of the sound. His eyes landed on Steve who were now holding a small shatter in his hand, water all over his trousers, and blood already dripping off from his hand.
Nope. Definitely not a dream.
the guards arm.
pissed.
"Yeah, like, he looks at Steve like he hung the moon. But when either of those idiots come in a one meter radio of each other he immediately steps back. Or gets up from the couch, like what the fuck?!" Clint exclaimed, finally letting his irritation at the whole situation come out in one, big, messy, sentence. Natasha slowly closed her book on the bookmark that she had conveniently placed beside her, then stood up and went over to her mirror opposite the bed.
A very un-organized kidnapping while the Avengers were out on a spontaneous shopping trip makes their lives all the more entertaining, and, a hell of a lot more worrying.
“You look hungover as hell by the way.”
Yeah, the second one was more likely.
“Yeah. I talked to Wanda.”
“Okay this is going nowhere, let’s just do our recon in silence alright?”
“Oh my God! That was
With a final tender pat on his head, Steve walks away leaving Tony alone with his thoughts.
“Ew, were you raised in a barn?” He winces when he suddenly recalls how he, and his sister lost their parents.
man of the hour!” Clint beams from across the room, one arm wrapped around Natasha’s shoulders, who’s holding an empty shot glass of vodka – he’s guessing – because she’s just typically Russian like that. “You’re late Tin Can!”
Steve smiles at him sadly before smoothing an invisible line on the spot between his neck and shoulder with his thumb. Tony felt goosebumps all over his body and hopes to hell Steve didn’t notice.
Tony tightens his grip on his screwdriver before his eyes unconsciously fall onto Steve’s left arm. He turns around so he could ignore Steve’s awfully kind face.
“I know.” Steve smiles and places a small kiss on the top of his hair. “I’m here.”
“Hey, didn’t know there’s another party up here,” Steve smirks. Tony turns around to look at him confusedly. “A pity … party,” he finishes off lamely.
Right. To be very fair, Tony did remember that it was happening on Friday. He just didn’t know that today
Before he could pull his faceplate down, Steve grabbed his armoured wrist with a pained expression on his face.
