“So I see.”
Sherlock moans and thrusts into the air again, and John almost feels guilty leaving him like that, but he seems to want it, had said ‘no touching’, and…
When he returns he goes to fill John’s glass, but John covers it over with his hand.
Not with your heart.”
He all but ignores it, unless it is directly touched.
“What?”
You’re…
“A fan?”
John shaking everywhere.
And if not for the fact that Sherlock looks very much like a man in shock, he would think it really was all some sick joke.
Last time he was this drunk was John’s stag do, and best not to think about the parallels there.
“Everything quite alright?”
I would say ‘Please.’”
He watches the gooseflesh erupt over Sherlock’s skin.
All very logical.
John doesn’t say anything about Sherlock assuming they would share a room.
“The other day, in bed, what we did…
All he knows is that he wants it all.
He takes a sip.
It’s not running too hot.”
Sherlock hears something hit the floor.
“I promise.”
“Yes.”
“I have an idea.”
“Been doing a lot of that the last few weeks, actually.
“What’s in Lewisham?”
(Oh… ) “Oh…  Sorry.”  The pads of John’s fingers rub gently against his scalp, and he can’t think.  His eyes slide shut.
Sherlock swallows tightly, and waits.
“Can probably find everything we need in the police reports, yeah?”
Well, that’s that done, then.
He moves carefully across the room, pauses when he reaches John, who is now leaning against the dresser in front of him, gripping the edge, knuckles white.  Sherlock is close enough that he knows John can feel his body heat, feel the waft of his breath in his hair, but he doesn’t touch, not yet. He has to be sure.
Freezing.”
“Not sure what there is to talk about.”
broken dishes.
‘Cause you can say no, anytime you want, anytime, but for Christ’s sake, Sherlock, it’s not something you have to earn, and you and I both know you need to come down.
Sherlock snatches it up, and then opens it gingerly, as though it contains something of infinite beauty and value.
But that doesn’t mean they can never be whole, or functioning—or beautiful.”
“I’m going out to chop wood.”
“WHAT DID HE SAY?!”
“Stay, John.”
John struggles again, and this time Sherlock pulls the ties he has around his wrist tight, so tight it actually hurts, and John blinks.
Sherlock pulls back and reaches for John’s belt, and John instantly freezes.
“If not a client, then what?”
Sherlock looks down at his large, trembling hands clasped in John’s small, capable ones, tucked up against his heart, and he realises this is John asking, John telling him he wants this thing they’ve started, he wants it to continue for as long as it can.
It’s not so much he, himself, but rather the criminal network he’s built up.
He resists the urge to fling it off, because there is a kind of comfort in it, really.
John traces a hand down his spine.
“Stop!”
It isn’t a chemistry lab.
“John.”
“I—I watched you die.
“Lube.”
Sherlock nods.
The nursery already accepts me as a legal guardian due to the residence order, and as you well know people assume, and have been assuming about the two of us for years, so…”
“I have my reasons, Sherlock.”
“John, we live in an urban area.
You don’t have to have a reason, an explanation.
John’s face twists in something like pain, his eyes go red.
No need for John to be walking around thinking his performance was poor.
John whimpers, he actually whimpers, and when Sherlock does it again, and then again, he thinks that maybe he’s going to come, like a teenage boy he’s going to come in his trousers just from this, just from the softest brush of a beautiful man’s long, delicate fingers.
What little hair there is, is blond, and fine, and the softness there seems so in contrast with the muscle beneath, with the firm set of John’s shoulders, and the white-knuckled tightness of the fist trembling against the outside of Sherlock’s thigh, that Sherlock finds it thrilling and fascinating, and better than he could have ever imagined.
He can hear it in his own voice, the wonder, the pleasure, the hunger.
You always seemed to know, and you’d always play something.
“You aren’t with me.”
It looks fantastic.
Sherlock does.
You want fries?”
“I love you.
She asks, stopping at the door to the lounge.
Sherlock does as he’s told.
He may get the wrong idea.
At least I think I do a little by now, and I know you don’t say things.
But there’s trauma there too.
Post-case drop, perhaps.
“I could hurt her, and I wouldn’t even wake up.”
It could be useful.”
“Just—different.”
“Questions?”
Sherlock starts to pick at his food, and John goes back for the rest, decides to climb up onto Sherlock’s bed and have a proper picnic.
John smiles with a huff.
I can’t lose you.”
John huffs out a wet laugh.
And then there is the constant reminder that every moment they waste, is another moment that Arthur, wherever he is, is alone, possibly injured, being mistreated, or…
“Hi Daddy.”
“Are you alright?”
“Yeah.
It was—until the end.”
John clicks the pause button, and stares.
John lifts a hand to rest against Sherlock’s forearm, where it is draped around John’s waist.
Sherlock looks up a him.
He wakes to John shifting against him, to the sound of rain outside, and some obnoxious, late night talkshow flashing across the television screen.
Sherlock lies in the dark and listens to John’s breathing deepen and slow, feels the way his body relaxes and melts back against his as he drifts to sleep.
We can go home whenever you’re ready.”
I’m sorry, I can’t breathe.
“I have to talk to a D.I. there about my case.”
Discipline.”
“Good afternoon, Dr. Watson.”
He pulls closer until their bodies are fully flush, and he can feel that Sherlock is as warm as he is, sleep soft, and pliant.
The cab pulls to a stop at the kerb, and Sherlock practically leaps out, shoves a handful of bills at the cabbie, and then hurries inside without waiting for John to follow.
The telly does work, but there’s nothing on but news.
They sit in comfortable silence, enjoying the ridiculous indulgence of their shared bath, and Sherlock almost wonders if John is falling asleep when he suddenly speaks.
“No?”
“I seem to remember
Sherlock frowns.
“Have you ever told anyone any of this before?”
Sorry if I got a little too enthusiastic.”
“Of course, John.
He takes a deep breath as he settles into the back seat of the cab, tries to clear his head of all the images swirling about in it—tanned skin, compact body, furrowed brow, clenched fists, thin, expressive mouth, eyes the colour of the sea at dusk…
I promise you.”
“For god sake, stop hovering like a mother hen!”
John’s brow furrows.
He takes the tube to Baker Street, and he forces the issue.
She thinks you’re good for me.”
His voice is gravelly with sleep and disuse.
He finally manages.
“You look…”
And the bench a few meters away, at the edge of the slightly raised outline of what he imagines must be a garden bed, would have been exactly where William stood as he painted.
John might want to…
I think the snow will be all gone by this evening.”
“Yeah.
Hold on.”
“You think I wanted to come back because I was bored?”
“Oh, good morning, John.
“You’re kicking me out, now?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“I can’t do this.
And they’d tried.
Maybe he’s mad.
And I needed it to be you.”
“I have a lunch meeting I can’t miss.”
“Have you?”
The whole night is a bust.
The moon is freshly waning, and there are always interesting corpses to be had after a full moon.
He doesn’t have to talk about it.”
He’s well dressed in a dark, fitted suit.
Sherlock shrugs, shakes his head.
John hurries out, locks the car door behind him, and walks around to the passenger side only to find Sherlock leaning back against the car, face in his hands.
It’s still where Sherlock had left it, in a heap on the floor of the toilet.
And then he leaves, and Sherlock is left in the near empty cafeteria, staring down at the surface of his tepid cup of coffee.
You are feeling better.”
John huffs and shakes his head wryly, but he doesn’t say anything more.
I guess there was familiarity there, for her.
He practically spits.
John frowns.
prescribed mini-convalescence is doing him some good.
John’s warmth slides into the seat beside him.
is an old favourite from his channel.
“Hand me the lube, okay.”
It’s in London, and now I will have to walk around looking like a fool.”
“Well, good news is, you’ll live.”
“Mm.”
Sherlock tells him.
He wouldn’t respond at all.
Outside sleet starts to clatter against the window panes.
He sees some of the tension fall from the Duke’s shoulders.
“I—I thought it might help to have something, someone, to hold onto for a while.
“Because I want to help.”
“You—you’re touching yourself?”
“You telling me you use coke to think is like my sister telling me she drinks to sleep, or my dad telling me he did it to relax.
And then it was too late, and you were standing there, strapped to a bomb, and…
There is the sloshing of water, and then the door pops open, sending John sprawling onto the cold tile.
It makes you incredibly relaxing to be around.”
John smiles down at him.
I—I’d only hoped that maybe, someday, when Rosie is grown and away at university, and you and I have tired of the mad rush, we might…
Promise me we’ll talk later—when we get back to the inn.”
Good lord, John, anyone can fuck.”
And when he finally comes back to himself, when his brain finally comes back online, the first thing that he thinks, is
“Fine.”
“John, you do know that nothing happened between me and Janine all those years ago, yes?
How convenient.”
She writes some more on her clipboard.
Long, warm fingers trace up and down the length of John’s spine.
Do you understand?”
“I asked if the exercises have been working for you?”
You’re okay.”
“Yeah.
He looks up again, and Sherlock smoothes a hand over the buttons on the front of John’s shirt, hesitates.
It made you uncomfortable.”
And now that Sherlock is here, he doesn’t know what to say.
“What about me?”
Right.
“Could use some help here.”
It’s bigger.”
“Thank you,” she whispers, and hurries away the same way she came.
She has the plush cat Harry gave her dangling from one hand, and she stands and watches them for a minute, and then walks over and pushes herself between their legs, wrapping one arm around Sherlock’s and another around John’s.
Something in Sherlock’s centre constricts and warms.
“If I’m remembering correctly Doctor Watson still owes you a thorough internal examination.”
“Yeah, you should have, because I’m a bloody idiot, and I—I meant what I said.
“What you’re making?”
He smiles tightly, sniffs and balls a fist at his side.
Sherlock waves a hand.
He gets up, gets off the bed, and heads for the loo, and John sits up, propping himself on this elbows to watch.
He reaches out for the countertop with one hand, and for the top of Sherlock’s head with the other, fisting curls, and gently easing Sherlock’s head back so he is looking at him.
“That’s an awfully blunt admission for a cop.”
“What would be different?”
Sherlock sits up a little and squints into the blowing snow.
Sherlock can feel the hesitation in him.
But I love you in every way you can love a person.”
John lets out a stuttering sigh.  His head drops between hunched shoulders.  “Please.”
“Yeah, I know.
“I’m going to the kitchen.”
The world outside is a jewel box of ice, and John is already puttering about the cottage, fires burning warmly, and hot coffee brewing on the hob when Sherlock shuffles out of bed and blinks blearily at the cheery surroundings.
He gives John a mild sedative.
“It’s just a case.”
“Do you really think there is anything you could ask for that I would find odd?
John shakes his head.
Exercise regime.
Do nothing.
“Bored.”
“Am I?”
Thought maybe you’d like me to read something.”
“Should have woken me up.”
“No, no.
Yeah, well what about sex?!
But I wanted him too, and he sensed it, maybe, and he—he couldn’t trust me, couldn’t trust me enough to tell me, to…”
A new video posted to Sensory Science.
He has things to do to get it ready for selling, and yet—here he is, reading quietly by the fire.
John looks up at him and smiles.
“Or I can help you remember.”
Fourteen years old, and fucking ashamed.
Sherlock strips naked, without any preamble, and crawls beneath the sheets, so John does the same, draws close in the dark.
“There’s a toilet just through the kitchen and down that hall.”
John nods, and seems satisfied.  His fingers stir at Sherlock’s waist.  His breath tickles the sparse hair on Sherlock’s chest.  “Not sure I can do it.”
“Yeah?
“Sometimes I don’t know which you’re more afraid of.”
What do you need?”
Forgive me, Ms. Adler, but I don’t believe you are being entirely honest with me, and I have no patience for trifles.
Sherlock swallows dryly, his eyes impossibly hurt.
“You’re a sight for sore eyes.
“Because I want to go on holiday with you.
“Listen, at this point I don’t care if you’re taking us to a stable because there’s no room left at the inn, as long as there’s a warm place for you to sleep, and food.
“You’re wasting ammunition!
“What you did, when my brother was here, turning down his offer, that was—good.”
Live.
Sherlock stares down at the top of John’s head, the way in fits so perfectly into the cup of his hand, the way John rests beneath it, without even realising.
Isn’t your bloody brother watching?
“John, I can’t…”
“Yeah?
John is stuffing things violently into the refrigerator.
“I’m starving, and I need to go into the village this afternoon.
“I’m taking this one home,” John is suddenly saying to Greg Lestrade, and a few other pointless officers from the Met.
John pulls a trouser leg down over his skate, gets to his feet, and pushes out onto the ice, praying that he remembers how to do this, that he won’t fall flat on his arse and embarrass himself in front of the local ladies he’s already had quite enough of.
In one, a shirtless man hoes rows in the dirt, skin brown as a nut and glistening with sweat.
“John!”
And it’s not just the heat, John thinks.
He leans over and presses it against Sherlock’s back, through his shirt, leans further down and presses his ear to the top.
I might do.”
He’s sporting a rather unmissable erection.
Start the holiday season off properly.”
“I know.”
Sherlock figures he should set things straight.
He startles a little when he turns to find Mrs. Hudson setting a plate for him at the desk in the lounge.
I’m not sure his wife knew about our arrangement.
It made you uncomfortable.
“Just tonight, or…?”
And Sherlock does as he’s told.
“It’s not an order—unless you want it to be,” he offers gently.
He reaches over and grabs the pillow from the head of the bed, and tosses it on John’s chest.
“What?”
He’s naked.
“You want to be blindfolded, too?”
“And her death is not something you have to make amends for, her memory is not something you have to live up to.
You let her drip all over you.”
After an hour or so, he wraps up his books and heads back out into what is now a much gentler rain.
John stays, though.
“No.”
In his mind, John kisses him, reaches down to palm him through his trousers, murmurs unintelligible things in his ear, that set Sherlock alight all the same.
- This artist does A LOT of really theatrical roleplay vids, which is not my thing.  However, she also does these SUPER relaxing 'day in the life' vids, where she sort of takes you on a little sensory field trip, for lack of a better explanation, and I follow her channel just for those.
“And I love you.”
John reads the questions and huffs a laugh into his coffee cup as he raises it to his lips for another sip.
But what proof do you have?”
“So you stopped her husband from being executed?”
“Good.
“I miss you too.”
Would you like that, seeing the sea?”
“The suspect.
Sherlock glances over his shoulder to see a rail-thin, middle aged mouse of a woman, poking her head out of the window over the pub door.
Sherlock spins around, looking for a place to put it, but John has already set his own mug back down on the small table beside the futon, and is returning to his side, hand outstretched.
There is a small pile of gravel on the window sill.
The first one is the photo of him and Sherlock at Mrs. Hudson’s Christmas do, both of them wearing their Christmas jumpers.
“Charlie?”
“Now?”
Everything stops.
He manages to look up.
Sherlock insists.
“Yeah.
It’s Mrs. Hudson who opens it, face a mask of worry, a grinding cacophony of violin sounds, loud enough for even John to hear, pouring down from the floor above.
“Yeah, bit of a whim.
You’ll have to get up and walk on your own, though.
“I missed you, too.
John moderates his tone even further.
“Me letting you write on my back like we’re a couple of teenagers?”
“Good.
Feels like winter almost.
Just you, and me and Daddy.”
“Of course.”
John mumbles something against Sherlock’s neck that he doesn’t quite catch.
“I—I want…”
Could do us very well.”
How was Lauriston Gardens?
“Don’t be stupid.”
Sherlock does as he’s told.
When his eyes finally return to Sherlock’s something has changed.
I’ll admit, not the sort of thing I thought you’d come up with, but looks homely.
He doesn’t have long to wait.
“But you…”
“Will you?”
“I promised her her wife would be safe.
it that you
A door slams out in the hall.
He’s regretting all of his life choices, and wishing that he was anywhere other than where he is currently sitting (John’s prim dress, thin, wet lips, and distractingly expressive eyebrows notwithstanding).
“Thanks.”
“No problem.”
Building’s boiler’s probably out again.
The sun is out.
When Sherlock comes back he’s got the tie to John’s fleece dressing gown in his hands, and John feels his skin prickle to life.
“At least, I’m not the one secretly dying their hair at three in the morning, and then attempting to hide the evidence.”
It’s the sort of relaxed, enjoyable evening they haven’t shared in awhile, and John is grateful he'd found the courage to ask.
The woman is still smiling.
John grins and sits back, takes him in.
“I’ll make it an order if I have to, but—well, might be nicer if you actually wanted to come.
Leave it to Sherlock to find them a place like this to stay.
“You want your suit jacket on or off?”
They sneak the skates back to their car like two guilty schoolboys and then John sets off in the direction suggested.
“Can I come in?”
And John can’t argue with that, so he doesn’t.
“For yesterday.”
John nods.
He tries again.
“Tell me, John.
I was supposed to protect you.
Right.
“Like friendship, bonding?”
“Perhaps you’re right.
Sherlock gives John’s hand a small tug.  “Come here.” And John does. He rolls onto his side and lets Sherlock tuck his head up under his chin, lets him breathe into his hair, and trace a finger the length of his spine.
John grins.
He’d got out of bed, sat some distance away, and spoken Sherlock’s name, loud but calm, until Sherlock had jolted awake, banging his head on the bottom of the bed.
“Please.”
He can see John striding down the long drive, heading for the park.
“Fuck.”
You—you didn’t have to do this.”
You know that right?
Sherlock raises the gun a little higher, and John’s heart rate picks up.
It’s the promise of things later in the day.
John huffs against his jaw.  “Don’t be a prat.”
John reaches over and grabs his cane from where it’s leaning against his desk, holds it up in front of the camera.
You said.
I’ll help you.”
He lifts a hand to cover his eyes.
He presses his face deeper into the down, mouth slightly open, breathing in all the microscopic scraps of John: hair, skin cells, sebum, like maybe it will calm him somehow, satisfy the ache to take pieces of John inside his own body to mesh and meld with his.
John’s eyes pop open.
How can any of those things take precedence over the life of your son?”
“Here, I’ll take it.”
Sherlock pouts a little at that.  “Nothing.”
“Good.”
Felt like you didn’t want my help, maybe.”
John mumbles, feeling stupid for being so—so—whatever it is that’s wrong with him this morning.
John was right—it
He’s been—taking care of me a bit, I guess, and we’ve not talked work since.”
It’s fine.
“I do.”
Okay.
He’s coiled so tight, he’s not going to last long.
John Watson is clearly remarkable—in all things, and Sherlock has no idea how he has managed to get so lucky.
You okay?
Arthur cries out, and one of the Duke’s men immediately points their own torch upwards.
John suggests.
John nods in acknowledgement.
He reaches up to stroke the back of his fingers over his beard, and John’s eyes slide shut.
“Everyone’s leaving.”
He has been resented, tolerated, hated, humoured, even feared, but he has never been missed.
I just—I’m asking you to slow down a little bit.”
“And I can touch you anywhere?”
He does his best to tame his damp curls with his fingers, gives his mouth a rinse with the mouthwash on the counter by the sink, and then makes his way back out to the lounge, the clothes he came with draped over his arm.
Figured that would be more convenient than an inn.
John stares down at her with a frown, and she giggles.
It’s the first time Sherlock has heard something approaching sincere sentiment in the man’s voice.
It makes Sherlock shiver and his heart ache with fondness and gratitude all at once.
It’s not at all.
Sherlock looks everywhere but at him.
He should let him sleep.
Sherlock wonders if John realises how it sounds.
“Do what?”
“No vibrators.
“Yes.
Mr. Holmes, I cannot let the same thing happen to my wife.”
They order a takeaway, and Sherlock falls asleep eating, and wakes up several hours later tucked in on the sofa, with John snoring softly in the chair across the room.
“If you are unfamiliar with his channel, I will post a link in the description box below.
Isn’t Big Brother watching?
She gets to her feet, picks her handbag up off the floor and slings it over her shoulder.
Hold on.
Do you want me to let you sleep?”
“Do shut up, John.
“Able to help out.”
“He’s a private man, and this is a private matter, which is why he is quite livid that the headmaster contacted the London Met, and by extension, you.
“Yes.”
To see you.
But not yet.
He wants Sherlock Holmes.
He handles things.
“Mmm,” John hums.
“Sure?”
“You feel up for a walk after we’re done eating.
More than that, he finds he wants it.
“You’re fine.”
But John doesn’t mean it.
“All I had left of her, was the child—James.
Well, I can bring my chair a little closer, and will speak louder, and if you would like to take a few minutes to just relax and gather yourself feel free.
“Is that Nutella?”
Sherlock sits up, suddenly interested now that the attention is off of him.
He can’t even turn to the ASMR now, can he?
Over.
His name was Alex.”
“Perfect.”
Maybe I just need to take stock of my skills, and find new ways to use them.
Sherlock’s fingers stir in his.
John smiles in earnest and drinks.
My brother is a turtle without a shell.”
Sherlock pulls the covers up to cover his nose.
Shite dad.
It takes Sherlock’s breath away.  He’d expected John to have to really think, to truly consider.  After everything that had happened since Moriarty, he wasn’t sure if John would or could ever fully trust him again.  Fair enough. More than fair enough. So this—this feels like a gift. But still…
The hiss of the icy wind is strong, but there is something else behind it, softer and more distant.
Knots let go, his arms drop back down to the mattress, and there is the soft cluck of a tongue, and warm hands easing his arms slowly forward, down to his chest, until he hisses with the pain of it, and then a hand cups over his shoulder, warms it until it lets go enough to move the rest of the way.
He feels some of the anger dissipate, and navigates back to SensoryScience’s about page.
Lestrade huffs into his cup.
There is a steadily increasing crowd of reporters outside the flat at all hours.
He pulls back and fumbles about on the top of the sheets until his finds the condom, tears it open, and rolls it on.
“Didn’t expect what?”
I said, ‘Girlfriends—not my area.’”
“Of course.”
And there it is, the strange flip his stomach always does whenever he gets to this point.
“Sher…
Sherlock nabs a small piece of chicken off the plate and pops it into his mouth, before delicately sucking the chicken fat from the tips of his fingers.
The phone has already been set up, and there are texts waiting.
I might come back here.
“Not directly, at any rate.
He’s guarded his heart, and kept everything, all his fondness, all his love, all the yearning, aching desire, locked down tight.
And he would, he realises.
He watches Sherlock’s hands on paper.
“What you want.”
I told you I’m pants at this.
John huffs again, grins, shakes his head.
He instantly regrets it when the fond frustration and concern he thinks he’s observed since first laying eyes on John here in his flat, disappears in an instant, and is replaced, first with something that almost looks like hurt, and then is swiftly followed upon by anger.
Sherlock grins.
A whole pack.”
But Sherlock is pulling him closer, and his hands, his fucking beautiful hands are cradling John’s head like he’s something precious, and fragile, something that needs (
where you follow her around on a snowy day in Concord, Massachusetts.  It also includes puppies, and who doesn't like puppies.
Sherlock orders, deep and slightly breathless.
John nods.
Okay.”
“Sandalwood.”
“Ballet.
Arthur screams above him.
“You okay?”
The warrant.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, but when John meets his eyes again, he must see it.  He nods again. “And this bloke—Jim Moriarty—he someone you pissed off?”
“Have new appreciation for every girl who ever swallowed.”
Sherlock does his best impression of being mortified, but John just grins.
“Yes, well.
She whispers fiercely.
Just a short text.
“You see!”
The mood of the evening having rather soured, they all disseminate to their respective corners of the school.
It’s soft, but there is still sadness behind it.
“You don’t sound particularly enthusiastic.”
And then John kisses him.
It’s what he likes about you, I’d wager.
It’s only a matter of time before he outright announces it, John figures, and he smiles at the thought.
I’ll show you sometime.”
John laughs, and sits up, stands up, and stares down at Sherlock, flushed, and damp, and sticky.
“You.”
Sherlock ignores him, goes back to whatever it is he’s doing with shaking hands and slightly dilated pupils.
All the studies I’ve read say that…”
He nods again.
He presses stop on the recording and then sits back to consider his options.
“A few times.
That’s the sticking place.
And John hates that, hates that Sherlock would ever think that, hates more that even he had thought it for a while.
John smiles fondly.
“Right.”
“This?”
The power’s gone out with the storm.
Just like at the bank.
Bedsheets maybe?
John sucks Sherlock thumb deeper, watches his eyes flutter shut.
Just as you seem to need your little puzzles—need this doctor of yours.”
It’s what they do.
“I never intended to put you in danger.
“Right.”
A silly whim after a week-long drunk in Kabul.
Sherlock shakes his head, but his cheeks are flaming.
Have you slept at all?
“Because, I want to choose you.
It’s heady, and completely overwhelming, and Sherlock lets himself drown beneath the flood of John’s sighs, and grunts and whimpers, beneath the heat of his surging body and tongue.
It’s exhausting.
“I suspected it might be—that we might be…”
John makes a vow to himself.
Like a bloody teenager.
I’m thinking about if it was your hands touching me, those gorgeous, long fingers, the way you would fill me.”
John looks around him on instinct.
They walk the block to the restaurant in companionable silence.
He’s safe.
“Oh, Jesus fucking Chr…
“I’m sorry.”
A soldier, and a doctor.
He reaches the car park, turns in, parks the car, and heads down the street to the flat.
“It’s a waste of time.
Maybe Sherlock is smarter than Mycroft gives him credit for.
“Mmm…”
There was some—disagreement on how we would split the money amongst ourselves. My siblings invested in the house, and estate up the road.
It’s painfully honest, incredibly vulnerable.
He just shrugs.
You don’t even know me.
And I don’t want that to end, and I don’t want to lose that.
When he reappears at the door to the kitchen, he looks lost.
He stands a short distance away and watches.
“Let’s try Pickering, and Newton-on-Rawcliffe first.”
“If I can’t love you back, then…?”
“Okay.”
Sherlock moans.
In days past these would be the sorts of stretches that would crawl under Sherlock’s skin and test him to the breaking point.  Mediocre cases. Damp, grey, endless stretches of boredom. The itch for stimulation.
Don’t think I don’t see it.
The anger and bitterness had begun to be too heavy a burden, and no matter how painful the thought of his feelings never fully being returned may be, it’s still easier to bear than the rage, regret and self-loathing.
Don’t need it?
John smiles.
His body goes limp with relief, and he tries to force a smile, which is so John it makes Sherlock’s chest ache.
Sherlock’s hands come to rest on John’s hips, and he rests his cheek against John’s hipbone for a moment like he’s taking in all the details, planning his approach, and John can feel tears in his eyes, biting at the corners, hot, overflowing to run down over his temples and soak into the pillow beneath.
He never has.
He’s trying.
I imagine Lestrade might be able to work things out.”
It’s all over too quickly.
“Oh—Oh Christ.”
Keep your eyes fixed on me and breathe.”
John does, until he feels Sherlock start to got to jelly beside him, and then he pulls back a little, and rubs his hand up and down Sherlock’s arm, in firm, even strokes.
All good things.”
“Oh.” John grunts in surprise.
“Hey.”
Don’t be stupid.”
Enjoyable?”
He doesn’t do things by halves.
Sherlock nods.
Something shifts behind John’s eyes.
“So…”
“I know you won’t.”  The truth is, John likely will in some cases, but they can cross that bridge when they come to it, and Sherlock can start back on the easier cases, simple thefts, fraud.
“You’ve had me quite tied up in knots for weeks.”
I thought that was clear.”
He stares down at the mediocre photo of John on his website, blots it out with his thumb, sighs, and then clicks the link to schedule a session.
“You didn’t need to do that?”
The whole day has been odd.
Please describe.”
“Maybe stop shouting at me, yeah!”
It’s nursery.
It’s not just the hair.
“Not tonight.
Or is this all for real, and is this all a part of it, little parts of Sherlock all wrapped up with little bits of this thing, whatever it is, the two of them meshing and melding together, already becoming one?
He’s clearly hit a nerve.
Stupid.
Pick up.”
One that ends badly.
He always sleeps on his back, but he curls up tight.
Perfect.”
Remembering a time a few weeks ago when I listened to some of your videos, and—and touched myself.”
John’s hands are warm against his hips, his fingers hook beneath the waistband of Sherlock pants, and slide downward.
And colleague.
“Why?
“I would be most grateful.
He sleeps.
John’s hand squeezes Sherlock’s arm gently.
“Come on.”
“Cake?!”
Sherlock hasn’t moved, and so, with a deep breath, he scrambles to his feet and makes a dash for it.
You’re not a machine.
“Don’t know.”
“I’ve always know the ‘
Let me see.”
He lets his eyes slide shut, goes still, breathes, and feels John’s body start to go lax against his, realises that he is falling asleep, and wonders if John has gone these last three days without sleep, too.
Sherlock grunts in surprise, and then moans, long and drawn out, and John chuckles.
“Out here?”
He’s completely quiet, blinking in that way he does when his brain is overwhelmed by an emotion so large he can’t process it.
“I may leave London for awhile.
He continues.
You were the one who stopped.”
“I’ll be right back.”
“I’m sorry.
John reaches up and runs a finger down the placket of Sherlock’s shirt.
“Alone.”
“By whom and for what purpose.”
It’s only then that Sherlock realises they’re bleeding.
“Well,” he says after a few moment of silence, during which John lets his eyes slide shut and just tries to relax.
“Want you.”
His tone is light but careful.
John says, without needing to look at his arm again.
He does a passing job of appearing common, and mild, but under the surface he is a raging and tumultuous sea, and he can’t make himself vulnerable, not really, and when he does, in those rare moments that he does, he unravels so swiftly…
He watches the words land, sees hope, and fear, and disbelief battle behind Sherlock’s full, red-rimmed eyes.
“We really have to stop doing this, ending sessions this way.
But the light is on over the cooker, and there is a small point of light glowing from Sherlock’s microscope on the table, and there is Sherlock, of course, the strongest source of warmth in the middle of their cluttered womb of a flat, the one that melts the tension of the day from John’s shoulders, and drains the noise in his head, and somehow soothes the aches in his bones without a single touch.
Mrs. Hudson starts to hoover downstairs.
He pulls away to catch his breath, and then slips down and lays his head against John’s thigh.
“Soft.”
You’re very loyal, very quickly.”
“Oh, so that’s how it’s going to be is it?”
John sighs.
“I wanted him.
But you
There’s time.
Don’t.”
That being said, it was coming from a caregiver and guardian, the only person a child has to model love.”
“Yeah?
The paper cup Mike hands him as they sit down warms his hands.
He reaches down and pulls the gun from his belt, switching the safety off.
“Mmm?”
John looks pleased.
John’s fingers still.
He needs these things to make him feel normal, to convince himself that he is checking off the boxes of a proper adult life, to prove that he deserves to exist.
“More of this, less of—less of who I have been, less of who I was when you died, when I was married to Mary, and afterwards, definitely less of that.”
Their clients do the same.
“We were just talking about going out, actually.”
“Sherlock.”
John’s cheeks colour.
“Maybe I want to.”
He doesn’t know why he’s told John at all.
John shouts Sherlock’s name, and then keens and keens as he spills over Sherlock’s hand, pulses, and squeezes around his cock, pulling him deeper, drawing the pleasure from Sherlock’s body like a musician drawing a symphony from a violin, and Sherlock is lost.  John’s body draws the pleasure out of him, in long, aching draws, and Sherlock hears someone sobbing and thinks it must be him, because there is nothing but overwhelming pleasure, and then John collapsing on top of him, all tears, and sweat, and come, and Sherlock doesn’t know where John ends and he begins, and it is the most perfect moment of his life.
Sherlock feels a thrill light up inside him.
John quickly flicks his eyes back toward the vest, and then toward the pool.
A kind of willing submission, born of affection, he suddenly realises.
She isn’t all cloak and dagger like Science.
He accepts the friend request, and heads out the door.
Now less talking, more kissing.”
Sherlock lets his eyes slide shut and shakes his head a little at his own ridiculousness.
“Bit posh, this.”
I don’t like breaking promises.”
The Skype session flickers to black, and John leans back in his chair, and lifts a hand to his eyes.
“You’d best pull yourself together.
“I’ll be fine.
Sherlock’s hand rubs a soothing line up and down his back.
“Yes.
And so Sherlock does.
It’s animal, instinctual.
I want what happened outside.”
It is all useful information.
Just different.”
John stops chewing, and reaches for the glass of wine at his side.
Sally Donavan.”
“That doesn’t matter, what does matter is the danger he poses to Sherlock.”
“I didn’t do anything wrong.
This cottage?
On three.
Right next to John’s nose, and…
John shrugs, and leans in to press his face into Sherlock’s neck.
“Now you mention it, I do know you.
Chaos.  People come and go.
“You—want to?”
Sherlock wants this, that’s clear, maybe wants it more than he understands, and yet there is a vulnerability in that, all that wanting, and this little act, the demanding brat, wanting it all, wanting it now…
He cranes his neck to stare down the length of his torso.
I know that feeling.
He tosses one from under the sink onto the floor, and then bolts for the lounge.
We really should get back to Ro.
Sherlock blinks rapidly, trying desperately to guess what it might be.
Whatever it is, it’s fantastic.
“They took good care of you then?”
I don’t consider anything outside the case.”
Their eyes meet, a moment of shared horror, and then Sherlock stumbles back, stumbles away, somehow manages to scoop the gun off the deck, where he’d set it down to strip John of the vest, and scrambles to his feet.
“No touching yourself!”
That is when the threats started coming in.”
His lips part slightly.
“It’s fine.”
He chops the log in two.
Come to bed with me.”
harken back to those early days, and John finds he doesn’t mind.
John can feel his skin prickle, his nipples peak.
It’s warm, and damp, and John pants against Sherlock’s skin like he’s just run a marathon.
“There wasn’t a deadline.”
God help me, I still want to stay, still want to…
He’s not like other people.
“He’s talking about what happened two years ago, on the Culverton Smith case.”
His eagerness is all too apparent.
I’ll order takeaway when I get back.
“Sorry.”
Oh, I may have complete mis…
And Sherlock sits, and he waits, and he’s holding his breath, must be, John thinks, because the only sound in the loo is the buzz of the fluorescent light over the sink, and the hushed fizz of the bubbles in the bath slowly dissolving.
But I don’t think that’s really the whole of it, not in this case.
He’s done it before, and it’s his fingers that will be doing most of the work.
“Mind you see he eats too.”
“Well, don’t.”
He’s wearing the same rumpled clothes he’d come home in the night before.
“Oh Christ.
John is staring at him now, the corner of his mouth twitches.
I needed to slow down.
What?
I will.
“Nope.”
“Who’d want to date The Freak?”
There is a suddenly exclamation of alarm, followed by a torch, bouncing down the rock face, and disappearing into the pool below with a splash.
He’s making things personal, he projecting, John likely doesn’t want any such thing.
He has to root about in the cabinets for a few minutes to find a bowl and skillet, but by the time Sherlock comes back into the kitchen, inexplicably back in his pyjamas and John’s jumper, which John is seriously starting to suspect he is never getting back, he already has the batter well on it’s way.
“Not with another bloke.”
Nothing.
John finally pulls back.
Sherlock mumbles out runny-nosed driving directions from his seat.
It did wonders for me.”
“Maybe not that.
John hums, already half-drunk on sensation.
Sherlock doesn’t have an answer for that.
“Why?”
“I thought you were in Syria.”
Sherlock feigns mortification, and John laughs.
Sometimes he can, and sometimes he can’t, and he never knows which it will be or why.
“Sod wives!
He always do that?”
Sherlock nods.
You’re always trying to force things.”
Sherlock retreats behind a potted palm to wait for the transaction to complete.
I wouldn’t have any clients left if I wasn’t tight-lipped.”
She’s tired and hungry, and he’s already regretting the decision as he all but drags her down the corridor on his way to Lestrade’s division, her piteous whinging drawing stares and glares alike.
“Mmm.”
I never in a million years would have thought to see you here.
Shit.
John stand-in the doorway and leans against the jamb.
John’s hands are gliding up and down his thighs, but he lifts them, now, massages at Sherlock’s arse, parts his cheeks and plunges his tongue in again.
His eyes are everywhere.
Of course not.”
Just little dots, here for a blink and then we flicker out again.
John’s brow furrows, but he looks intrigued, too, which is always a good thing with John.
It’s beyond fear.
“Alright.”
Sherlock whispers back.
Her hand shakes as she lifts it to point a finger at him.
John chuckles.
So, instead he kisses him, smiles against his mouth, reaches around to grab his arse and pull him closer still.
“I told her you’d figure it out.
“So, we’re going to what?
You’re going to make me come with just your voice.
“I hardly sleep anyway.
“I mean obviously there’s been more respectable ventures since, but that’s the root of it.
The city quiets outside as they lie together.
“I didn’t know you loved me.”
Through the haze of his own pleasure he is only vaguely aware of Sherlock’s hips stuttering, and then snapping forward as he cries John’s name, every muscle in his body taught, his grip on John’s hips tight enough to bruise.
He downs the whole thing, refills the glass, and then leans back against the counter and runs a hand over the stubble along his jaw.
“Yeah?
“If you don’t want to talk about, fine.
Sometimes she pulls out a basket filled with a whole assortment of tingle objects.
His heart plummets into the pit of his stomach.
Sherlock is sound asleep.
John nods.
He hands him back his phone.
John thinks he might see stars.
A late nineties silk affair, by the look of it, but still much nicer than the plastic one they’d seen in town.
“Mind you pull hard.”
So please, do get to the point!”
His tone is stiff and oddly formal.
He blinks, licks his lips.
John had lain beside him in the quiet darkness and bared more of his soul than Sherlock can ever recall him doing.
“This time of year is just hard for me, I think,” he manages when they finally part again.
He hears the lock on the door click, but it doesn’t open.
You want it…?”
“No.”
A hand drops to his head, tightens in his his hair.
He can almost hear his brother’s accusatory tone:
John huffs.
“But he wasn’t a very nice man.”
Shit.
“You remember I told you that I loved what we did the other night, but when I went home, when I had time to think about it…”
It takes a moment for Sherlock’s brain to process it.
Wait a minute.”
Sherlock decides most definitively.
Well, this is us done for the night.
I’ve always thought I was pants at that sort of thing.”
It’s stress relief.”
John…”
Sherlock swallows.
“You’re an idiot.”
“I’m—grateful you’re still here with me, to still have the honour of your companionship.
He can feel the warmth of him, over, and around.
“So you’re what?
John looks up, and Sherlock catches his eye, holds his gaze, feels a little awed at the flush of John’s cheeks, the glistening pink of his lips, the heavy weight of his eyelids drooping over irises that have all but disappeared.
Once out of the tub, Sherlock stands naked and dripping, and stares down at him for a long time.
I’m a mess right now, and I can’t seem to…
He turns it, palm up, and lets his eyes slide shut.
Sherlock shakes his head, and John pets it for a moment, before starting up again.
But it was an orgy of blokes in the shower room at a swimming pool, and it had lit John up, made him hard as a rock, and had fuelled months of filthy, guilt-tinged fantasies after that.
“Slower.”
John presses a foot against Sherlock's.
“Okay.”
Every minute you waste subjecting me to this pointless banter, your killer gets a moment closer to their next hit.”
Maybe.”
He’s meant to be saying things, and he’s not.
In retrospect it is such a small thing, but the memories of youth seem to take on ridiculously grand proportions, seem to colour and poison everything that comes after them, and he’s never talked about this with anyone.
“No boyfriends, then?
“You mind if I stay up for awhile?
Traffic
No Serbian cell, this, but rather a cottage, just as the soldier (just as
Sherlock’s hand has found its way up under the hem of John’s vest, warm skin on warm skin.
, John.
He remembers how John was with him in Malton, tender, attentive, careful.
Maybe this whole relationship is just a game to Sherlock.
It echoes as it falls.
Clothes drop and fly, fingers seek and explore, mouths claim.
John dips down again.
It seems wrong to leave the substitute Redbeard alone on his chair any longer.
“Watching is one step too far.”
“I have a headache.”
John sniffs, and his hand balls into a fist at his side.
“And I think this is enough for today.
Sorry.
Just like that, out of the blue.
You are already.”
“I don’t know how to be like—that.”
He thinks about his father, or anyone doing the things he’s just described to him, and he feels fierce, defiant, like he could kill, like he wants to.
“I’m sure.”
You remember your theory?
“Okay.”
John smiles.
“Yes.
Sherlock supposes he should be concerned with this growing hunger.
Dr. Carlton points at the picture of a beach ball.
Sherlock spins around and stops dead, looking thoroughly scandalised.
He hears Greg say behind him.
The place where your first pet died.
“Daddy would sell the other flat, and this would be our flat now.
He has leftovers from his Tesco run the night before, so it shouldn’t take long to prepare.
There is silence on the child monitor.
But more the desire, or perhaps even the need for power.
“Yeah.
“Light on or off?”
I needed fresh air.”
I—if you didn’t want that, I…
This is the hard part, always the more difficult thing—afterwards, when the lust is waning, and the endorphins have cleared.
, isn’t it.”
Sherlock takes a deep breath, lets it out in a sigh.
“When I destroyed everything good in your life.”
You tend to have those now and again.”
“Here, you alright?”
“Mmm.”
“You think they’re going to strike again?”
John sits up, and swings his legs over the side of the bed.
“Him, and i just can’t…”
Sherlock nods, cranes up to kiss John’s hipbone, stares up at him through dark lashes.
“Is that a yes?”
I suspect it’s because I’m sober.”
He picks up his phone again, and stares down at it.
“Thought you might like a t-shirt and some shorts.
Sherlock swallows down the sudden tightness in his throat.
She probably didn’t want Dad getting angry, you know.
He even has photos the boy provided.
I want to do this together.
he juggles his cane and library bag in one hand as he keys in through the front door and heads for the lift.
The real man is an enigma and an arse more times than not.
I can’t go back to colleagues.
“I’ll ease you into it, and you can pinch me if you want me to stop, okay.”
But he doesn’t want to lose this—this tether, this anchor, either.
He’s standing in a storage closet just outside a community swimming pool.
“Oh.”
What about a phone?
Sherlock senses it.
John is small, almost too small at the moment.
Feed the ducks.
Even Ella had mentioned it a few months back when he’d been to see her.
“How?”
John is just a silhouette.
Sherlock sees the moment he makes his diagnosis.
“What’s he got to do with it, then?
Sherlock pouts.
“See the sea!”
It’s soothing, really, and much better than staying locked up in his flat.
He sighs.
Fine.
John looks confused.
“Because it’s one of the questions on the survey you’ve agreed to complete.”
He’s already subtly rocking his hips, his arse grinding down against the base of John’s cock, making him thirsty with want.
John feels the words like a punch in the gut, and he sees the minute Sherlock registers what he’s said.
Sherlock does his best to apply pressure around the wounds without driving the shards deeper.
Listen, you going to tell me what this is all about?
There is only John, and John, and
“Sherlock…”
I only mean that you want to be here, and I want you to be here, and every moment you are not here is a moment we are both unhappy, so…
He figures they must have heard them, and are getting off on it.
Sherlock manages, just loud enough to be heard over the pounding rain and background hum of the city around them.
He lifts the phone from his chest and replies
His eyes search John’s, and John feels naked, raw, laid bare in the face of that piercing, knowing, gaze.
The last few days have been a whirlwind, and he has to admit that he’s managed to get more caught up and more invested than he’d ever planned to.
“I’m bone weary of this conversation, so let me set you right on a few points, once and for all.”
He can see the sincere concern in Sherlock’s eyes, and it just about breaks him.
Sherlock lifts his hand to his nose in shock, at the proclamation, and then lets it drop again, when he sees John’s tired smile.
He seems to catch himself.
He calls out, and watches Janine’s brow arch.
Sherlock whispers against his neck, but it’s not really, John thinks.
Tell me what you want, how you want it.”
John, I’d like you to breathe for me, the way we’ve discussed.”
Sherlock swallows down the bile in his throat.
They’ve never done that before.
He should get coffee and scones.
Sherlock chuckles.
If he’s quiet it gives the illusion of anger, or even pettiness, rather than the truth—the reality that if he were to open his mouth in an attempt to reply, all that would come out would be a choked sob, followed by more which he knows would swiftly escalate out of his control.
Sherlock lets him.
“So, you always find it easy to verbally express your wants and needs?”
Sherlock chuckles, and then hums, as he rolls off John and drapes a hand over his waist.
“Mmm…
“Listen, your brother is probably going to kill me for this, but if you want you can come down to the Met with me, and help us along a little.
“What?
It was all pretty dramatic.
He can’t deny it at all.
“We live here now?”
Anxiety over the pending answer grips his body like a vise.
You want to?”
Sherlock turns in John’s arms, effectively pushing him down to the mattress, and moulds their bodies together.
“Maybe we could come back next year, spend the whole of Christmas here, if they haven’t sold it.”
There has to be…
It was…”
“Too right.”
That’s that, I guess.”
Jesus, you’re tenacious!
In the end, all his carefully laid dinner plans are ruined anyway.
“Aunties are meant to spoil.
He walks over and stands beside him.
“Not sure I have that sort of influence, but I’ll try my best,” he murmurs back conspiratorially.
John struggles to his feet with a wince.
John nods, instantly growing hard again, at the unexpected rush of arousal.
“It was wrong of me, John, to let it go as far as it did.
John has always been responsive to his voice, but he’s learning that when they are like this it’s something more, something altogether new.
And Sherlock looks like he doesn’t know how to respond to that, like maybe he doesn’t understand it at all, and all of a sudden John is angry, fiercely angry at all the people who have ever made love, and care, and friendship feel like crumbs Sherlock had to struggle, and grapple and beg for—himself included.
“You okay?”
They know almost nothing about one another, they’re rushing headlong into something that could all fall apart and end up hurting them both terribly.
John is clearly angry, but it’s a mild, fond sort of thing, not the kind of pent up ferocity he had unleashed on their suspect in the alley earlier.
He whispers fiercely.
“Bit, and then there’s the construction.
“It’s only noon.”
But then Sherlock is shooting out of bed, grabbing his hand, and practically dragging him back downstairs, where they slam the door to their bedroom, and Sherlock practically yanks the drawer to the nightstand onto the floor in a frantic search for lube.
“I don’t know!”
Sherlock presses.
The first thing he notices is the blood.
Okay.
Right.
“How would you feel if we came to live here with Sherlock.”
After her.”
John is smiling.
The cab pulls away from the kerb.
He becomes unbearably saccharine when forming this sort of attachment.
Sherlock watches her consider it.
Takeaway would be good.”
He heads for the kitchen and puts a kettle on.
“Agreed.”
You’re brother mentioned something about you wanting to be a pirate when you were a kid.
It is clearly too soon to declare it to be
“Hey sleepyhead.”
“We use this wing for guests.
It’s okay.
“Erotically charged discipline.”
We’re all fine.”
Understandable.
“What?
Mirrors.
Rosie is sitting in the sand, building mountains with another little girl about her age.
Sherlock’s chest goes tight with an emotion he doesn’t understand.
Sherlock’s fingers slide deep even as he shivers at John’s words.
We’ve got time, yeah?”
“Mmm.
Another notification comes in:
“John?”
“If you ever want to get out of here and get something to eat.”
I’ve always wanted you, but I never really let my self consider what it would be like to have you, to be an ‘us’, and—it scares me, to be honest.”
“I believe he thinks me incapable of taking care of myself.”
“Today on the road, when you…
Here he is working hard to make amends and getting absolutely everything wrong all over again.
“You’re an idiot,” Sherlock repeats, strides forward and pulls him into his arms.
“In Westminster?!”
“Thorry.”
It’s pleasantly warm by the fire, and Sherlock feels warmer still for seeing so much of John.
“What you want.
“I suppose we might as well get up.”
I assumed you’d wake up starving.”
“Why should I?
The Duke’s butler hurries away, and leaves the two of them in an expansive gallery, bigger even than the school’s.
Yes.”
Sherlock nods, his eyes glisten in the dim dark of the bedroom.
It was one I never thought to have.”
Sherlock screws his eyes shut and feels them spill over.
“Well—maybe attraction at first sight.”
Sherlock inhales, holds it for a moment, and lets it out, measured.  “You’ll have to promise me that you will tell me if I ever ask you to do something you don’t want to do.  I insist.”
, if need be.
Of course.
What that will mean for us, for her.
Right.
John’s reply is low and almost reverent, and Sherlock wonders, hopes, chastises himself for his stupidity, tries not to worry, and is so distracted by the fact that John is staring at him, that he almost misses what Ms. Sterndale says next.
He’s just finished getting it arranged to his satisfaction when he hears a crackle from the record player, and Sherlock joins him by the window as the first, soft strains of ‘White Christmas’ fill the room.
Once the flames catch, John stands there for a moment, rubbing his hands over the fire, warming the front of his body, and when he finally crawls back beneath the blankets, he’s like a human bedwarmer.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Almost finished?”
Sherlock swings around, eyes full and red, face pale.
John suppresses a smile.
“We done?”
“Apparently he’s gone to ground.
She looks like one of the mothers he sees pushing her kids on the swings at the park all the time, but the kind that usually earns a second glance because there’s something in her eyes that is in direct contrast to all that.
Here, give me a minute, yeah?
John nudges his nose gently against Sherlock’s cheek, and Sherlock is reminded of submissive puppy, eager for affection, but afraid they’ll be met with punishment instead.
“I think that’s just what you want people to think.”
You’ve apparently always had it, so you don’t know what it is to do without.
Sherlock does.
“John!”
They don’t call me
He eats.
He looks around himself, for a moment, as though lost, and finally strides over and takes up his cup of tea, draining it in one long gulp.
Sherlock breathes deep, inhales the scent of sweat and sex on John’s palm, and then presses his lips there, licks a hot, wet swath over John’s skin, tasting the flavour of the two of them mingling there, and rocks his hips again.
He walks across the room, and stands a foot from the arm of his chair, a foot from John’s small, capable hand, gripped white-knuckled around the glass tumbler he’s holding.
He has a text from Sherlock.
He had a girlfriend by the next week, and he stopped talking to me altogether after awhile.”
John takes his hands in his.
You’d better come here and give me a hand.”
His kisses begin to falter, his breath nothing but a series of panting whispers.
Consequently, there’s no fight-or-flight.
John’s head snaps up.
John makes an attempt at looking scandalised and fails spectacularly.
But it’s addressed to him.
Sherlock lies quiet and listens to him slowly slip into a fitful sleep, and then he sleeps himself.
He can see the struggle warring beneath his skin, like it’s a physical thing.
“John.
John draws in a quivering breath.
He cocks a brow like this should mean something.
“No matter what.”
She takes out a sequined pillow and brushes her hand over it.
And afterwards, when Rose is found sound asleep in one of the booths, and Molly declares she and Greg really must make their good-byes, after Mike has vigorously pumped both their hands in one last hearty congratulations, and Harry has scooped Rose up and taken her home, and Sherlock’s brother and parents have offered well wishes of their own, and John and Sherlock have wheeled Mrs. Hudson home in her wheelchair (a hip surgery she is still recovering from), and gotten her settled for the night, there is John, still in his wedding suit, making them a late night cuppa, and Sherlock lighting a fire in the hearth, and both of them settling, exhausted, into their respective chairs with a sigh and a shared smile.
“Sherlock…”
Sherlock should be irritated by these little reminders, a throwback to rapped knuckles, and firm pushes back into his seat, to favourite toys, and books, and other treasures withheld until he learned to act like a proper little boy.
Just stares back out at the water, and Sherlock is grateful.
“Stop struggling.”
The dark, dangerous and seemingly delicious mystery of Moriarty’s appearance had only stoked that lust higher, but then John had been taken, and there was the confrontation at the pool, and the horrible realisation that in the haze of his lust-fuelled distraction he had missed something so essential that it had almost stolen from him the one thing that meant more than any momentary indulgence, or unchecked fantasy could.
Sherlock draws in a shaking breath, let’s it out slowly.
He leans in until his nose is brushing the fine hairs at John’s temple, until his lips are ghosting over John’s cheek.
“You.”
John’s arm stirs around him, his hand splaying over Sherlock’s back, pulling their bodies closer.
“Why would I ever tell you to leave?”
Hugs, and kisses and general good-byes are said, and then Sherlock is trying to balance all of Rosie’s things, while also holding tight to her hand as they descend the stairs from Harry’s flat.
“John, it’s cold out, and Rosie’s back at the flat alone.”
They haven’t talked like this since Sherlock’s birthday.
“Do you think we’re incompatible?”
Sherlock.
John’s mouth clamps shut.
“It only takes one or two of the wrong sorts of cases to get on the radar of these sorts of people, Dr. Watson.
Too much fuss.”
“I always want to spend time with you.”
Sherlock smiles.
Sherlock’s fingers flutter to the spot on instinct, and then drop just as quickly, when he realises that the gesture is mostly likely inconsiderate, drawing attention to something John would rather not think about.
He has.
“Weren’t we supposed to do that at the beginning of the meal so I would have to suffer through its entirety wearing a one of those ridiculous paper crowns?”
What if they went West, into the Howardian Hills.
What name?
Because you know I don’t care about things like that, and stipulating a particular time of year as the primary font of love and good cheer seems rather ridiculous.
Now, as long as Sherlock doesn’t come down with pneumonia…
“Am I angry?!”
Before there were rules.
John pulls back, looks up into Sherlock’s eyes.
When the door from the street swings open a half hour later it is to the sound of Rosie screaming, John snapping at her, and a bag of shopping bursting open to spill all over the floor of the foyer.
“Mm, could tell you about the desert at night.
John washes Sherlock’s hair and back, and listens as the steam loosens his congestion.
It’s a lie, but best not get into all that.
I thought you’d be happy for me!”
It’s a straightforward request, laced through with something that sounds a little like desperation, and Sherlock can’t deny him.
“Everything okay?”
“Just…”
He takes hold of his shirt, carefully prises it from beneath his waistband, and makes short order the last two buttons.
Someone has come and cleared a spot for skating, just that morning by the looks of it, which means it must be suitable to hold a person’s weight, but there is no one there now.
Even now he’s beginning to tremble in Sherlock’s arms, and Sherlock thinks he knows what he needs.
Sherlock just sits, and stares down at the centre of John’s chest, panting slowly, so still, so still, and John reaches out and lays a hand on his thigh.
Sherlock chuckles.
God, Sherlock, I wish you could feel it.
“This place is nice.
Sorry.
Sherlock is so—open, trusting.
“Hey.”
That first year and a half, I tried, and I tried, but I alway seemed to get it wrong, and you never seemed to want it, but now you say you do, and I—I thought that this morning was something…”
I don’t—I don’t want to put you in a position where you feel…”
He can finally breathe.
“You’ll be glad of Huxtable’s obligatory supper tonight, I imagine.”
“Told you.”
His eyes to flicker up to meet John’s then, stricken, as his lips part.
John catches Sherlock’s challenging eye, and grins.
None of that matters.
John’s eyes slide shut, his head falls back, his cock throbs in his pants, and Sherlock thinks it’s the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen.
“Sometimes I’m scared all the time.”
He closes his eyes.
Sherlock’s hands.
He just sits all the way down, hisses loud once he’s settled, and then goes very still.
So, he registers the question rather late, and when it hits him he knows—without a doubt.
“I think the washing up can wait, and that I should take you back to bed.”
Distraction, like Mycroft said.
A woman in a shockingly pink coat laying facedown on a dirty wood floor.
Case or no case, Sherlock needs to reel his fucking brother in.
A short bio.
John’s body moves with his breath, like swells on the sea, and Sherlock can feel each muscle rise and fall, thighs, chest, abdomen.
They do this at least.
He gets bread, milk, eggs, and stands watching the little telly over the counter while the man checks him out.
Would you like to see it?”
He takes the pushchair and wanders off to a bench a short way away, and Sherlock looks down at a red-faced and exhausted Rosie.
I’m not going to lie and say I don’t like it, want it, even need it sometimes, but honestly, I’m pretty shite at it.”
I’ll be good.
He lays his phone on his nightstand, and goes across the room for his computer, gets back into bed.
John huffs out a pleased giggle, head falling back against the pillow.
Somehow he makes it back to bed.
Sherlock looks utterly lost.
“I get—focussed and I start to feel…”
He’s about to go back into that bedroom, and get into bed with Sherlock.
John’s face is so hot he feels like he’s got a headache coming on.
He gets no reply, but at 18:20 a key turns in the lock, and John comes in looking ragged, and tired, and at least 10 years older than he had the week before.
It’s slow, and lazy, and absolutely heady.
“No.”
“This was his first year here.
“I wanted you too,” gasped out when he finally comes up for air.
He tries a tentative rock of his hips, feels his cock slide infinitesimally.
“Yes.
It was a stupid thing to do, and doubly so with you in the room.”
“Appropriate, I suppose.”
But then there are nights like tonight, when he is weak, and all he can think of is the warmth of the flat they once shared, the crackle of the fire in the hearth, the teasing smile playing at the corner of John’s lips, the boxes of half-eaten Chinese takeaway balanced precariously in their laps.
It’s always there, it’s always been there, I’ve always seen it, but it was always easier, safer for you when it was me who didn’t do that.
John feels a lift in his spirits.
After a few moments he hears Sherlock come in and stop at the door.
He’d O.D.ed twice.
It’s a promise and a guarantee.
“Yeah.
He lets out the giggle Sherlock is swiftly coming to love and shakes his head. “Maybe shouldn’t keep them where food is, though.”
What is it?!”
John is relieved to be on his belly, because he can feel his face heat, and his eyes bite.
“Move.”
He disembarks, and wraps his coat a little more tightly around him, clamps down on the strap of his overnight bag with an iron grip, and presses into the seething throng of humanity, jostling, shouting greetings, and generally descending into one, giant sea of sensory static.
They don’t mean anything.
This is something new—wet, open-mouthed, a smooth and almost soothing swipe of tongue.
Just Sherlock.
“You want to move back?”
He’s furious.
John struggles, just because he wants to see what will happen, what Sherlock will do, and he doesn’t disappoint.
“What you are—to me…
Three pulsing dots appear and Sherlock’s stomach flips.
He waves Sherlock toward a chair on the other side of his desk, and Sherlock sinks into in gratefully, and must nod off for a moment, because when he jerks awake, eyes snapping open, it is to the sight of his brother leaning back in his chair, and staring at him in disapproval.
Of course not.”
John sits up, runs a hand up the length of Sherlock’s curved spine, moves behind him, drapes his naked body over Sherlock’s, and kisses the top of his spine.
“John, take her downstairs, take care of her, and call the police.
John arches a brow.
And somehow that breaks John, the fact that Sherlock was waiting, waiting for permission.
He calls over his shoulder.
“Fantastic.” John pants.
John must nod, because Ella turns to Sherlock.
He wants, but he can’t.
It’s so fucking
“You’re not particularly attached to that flat, are you?
It takes him a minute to get the phone propped up in a spot where he’s in frame, and it won’t tip over.
“I love you,” Sherlock murmurs just behind his ear.
“Why?”
Quick, okay.”
Sherlock stares around them.
“Yeah?”
He seems anxious, unsure.
He cocks his head to the side, and reconsiders his earlier opinions about the man.
John grins.
The corner of her mouth curls upward, and Sherlock rolls his eyes.
He stares down at the picture of a dog house.
“I know.
“Yeth, alright.”
“May I ask if
“I wanted to be sure, and then…
He’s—he’s not been living here, you see.
The Headmaster has been expecting you.
“Tuck it in the knot of your school tie, lens downward, and then climb down here, between me and the wall, that way you’ll light our way, and if you slip, I’ll stop you.”
Not sure I
And that’s me putting my foot down.”
I liked her, that’s all.
Give it a chance?”
He can only groan in response.
It’s not as though John is suddenly going to materialise.
He pushes Sherlock away.
weakness.
Any interesting cases in the inbox?
“I imagine so.”
John sits up.
Just—touch.”
So just—be careful.”
“Unnecessary information, Brother Mine.”
There is a crisp breeze wafting over his damp cheeks, and cold, hard ground beneath his back.
And you’re a person who doesn’t deserve it, so…
I want to be allowed to be close to you.”
Sherlock, for what seems like the millionth time in the last few months, aches to touch him.
Jesus.
Can you feel my finger on your skin?”
“Just—don’t want to hurt you.”
He’s angry because he’s spent weeks trying to convince himself he deserves this happiness, deserves this relationship, only to have some near stranger dissemble the whole rickety structure with a few well-placed comments.
He thinks he should warn John, but he knows that if he says anything, John will stop, and he doesn’t want him to stop.
“Okay…”
All Sherlock can hear is the soft hum of afternoon traffic outside, the occasional clatter of dishes in the cafe below, and the tick of the clock on the wall in the kitchen.
He opens the laptop again and opens YouTube.
Hang on, hang on.
“What do you mean?”
John chuckles.
I hope you know that.”
“You weren’t exactly quiet.”
I’ve had those nights, and sometimes I can and sometimes I can’t.
You’re sweltering all day and then you step outside at night, and the cold just washes over you, and you can breathe again.
There’s no return address, and no one should know to deliver anything to them here.
I’m here if you…”
Returning to the lounge, he locks the phone and sets it on the desk, and then grabs his coat, and goes out.
“The day before I was abducted.”
It’s going to be a long night!
“Yeah.
“Nothing.”
“Mm?”
John glances over.
Sherlock whines, and John echoes in a moan.
She giggles, and cuddles closer.
Christmas Eve he had a nightmare, and crawled down into bed with me again, for the first time since we’d left school.
His cheeks are pink and Sherlock finds it charming.
He would not have gone far, seeing as he knew Sherlock would be returning shortly.
Sherlock sits up, and presses his shoulder against John’s.
It’s difficult.
He thought it would feel momentous somehow, but instead it just feels odd, mostly because of Sherlock’s inexplicable behaviour.
John does the same, and then slides back and pulls him into his arms, spooning behind him, arm wrapped around, stroking Sherlock’s chest.
There is the exchanging of rings, and Rose completes her duties as ring-bearer quite well, and totally without incident.
John asks.
For the record.”
“God Sherlock.
Or perhaps he is back at the flat.
Sherlock’s heart expands in his chest.
I told you the first night we met.”
Sherlock pants into his mouth, and John moans, and they almost fall out of the tiny bed they are sharing twice.
Maybe we should try to forget the whole thing.”
“John…”
Sherlock shakes his head.
Sherlock looks back up at him in question.
John forces a smile.
“This place seems to suit you.”
I thought I was unnecessary but valuable.
He begs.
Left over from your army days, I imagine.”
He takes a deep breath.
“Are you sure?”
Sherlock holds his gaze until John doesn’t think he can bear it much longer, until finally—
John sips at his tea, stares into it.
He’s not.
“Mm, perhaps.
He won’t appreciate a show.
Sherlock thinks he doesn’t want—this?
“Yes.
He meets him half way and kisses him like he’s parched, like it’s been years rather than hours.
How long had he…?
But—well, it’s gotten rather away from me of late.”
Sherlock says, because he thinks that John is not the sort to think ill of him for such neediness.
They meet no one.
Or you could do better still and just tuck it away for the child’s education.”
“Spread your legs for me.”
“A great many things you say sound stupid.
“Yes.”
“Too soon?”
“You just recognised the sounds of a hospital during a two second pause in conversation over a mobile phone.
Imagined your hands on me.
“You should sleep some more.
He has to look him in the eye.
“I do still need the contact information for your clients.”
He opens his menu and leans back in his seat, and Sherlock’s breath catches as John’s foot comes to rest against his under the table.
He doesn’t mind so much, not really.
Bundle up well, and you’ll barely feel it.”
“Yeah.
But staying when John is constantly denying them both, constantly punishing himself, only one bad night away from leaving again, possibly forever—it’s too much.
Isn’t quite sure what to say to that, so opts to start touching himself again.
“I’m going to go get some coffee.
“Broken things, Sherlock.”
He’s crying, he realises.
No fear, Holmes.
“Yes.”
“Yeah.”
And John thinks he can start to see what Wilkes meant now, this gift of Sherlock’s, how it has a way of getting under your skin, peeling it back, exposing you, and he doesn’t—he isn’t ready to…
He thrusts into the mattress with each pass of Sherlock’s tongue, completely given over, completely wanton.
“We’re all sorted here, thanks.”
“God, I’m gonna…”
Have the bloody scarf.
Sherlock’s hands slide from his shoulders over his chest, and he feels his chin come to rest on the top of his head.
This is John doing what John does, and perhaps this is also a little bit of John making amends.
“Must have grabbed it by accident.”
“Listen, I know we haven’t always been on the best of terms, and you’re panicking right now, so you’re going to be dick about this, but—I get it, okay.  He means something to you. Seemed a decent bloke from what I saw. You two deserve a chance to at least see. So, all of us here are going to do what we can—our best, okay.  So just—don’t give up. We’re nowhere near that point.”
“Yes.”
He hurries back to the lounge to find an extremely disinterested looking Sherlock standing by the hearth, and two men in suits facing him.
“Want what?”
“She seems to get on okay.
He feels like this thing with Sherlock, whatever it is, is the only thing keeping him afloat, and he doesn’t want to mess it up, but he doesn’t do this, doesn’t know how to do this, and…
“Don’t be ridic—ridicu—ridiclous,” Sherlock finally manages.
He snorts around a mouthful of food.
“So what do you want me to do, then?”
It hurts, and Sherlock hisses a little in objection.
“Dreams?”
He swallows dryly.
“I know.”
Flat palm against burning scalp.
“Sher—Sherlock…”
He takes a deep breath before opening them again.
“And so are you.
We’re good for bread, thanks.”
He stares down at his phone with a feeling of loathing so overwhelming that all he can think to do is toss the thing across the room, as far from himself as he can manage.
It’s hot and tight, and John moans in spite of himself, feels Sherlock plump in his hand as his mouth and eyes go wide.
“Well let’s not get old before our time, though, yeah?
On Friday Sherlock wakes to an empty bed, and to the sound of John chatting with someone in the kitchen.
He texts.
A police car flips it’s sirens on in the alley.
Ella looks as surprised to see him as John is.
“Yes.
“That too.”
If I made you feel…”
But I’d rather have you here, under my wing.”
“Me getting my fingers stuck in your filthy hair?”
She looks up as Sherlock comes in the door behind them, carrying John’s small overnight bag they’d hurriedly fetched from his flat before coming over.
They’re ice cold, and Sherlock yanks them from his the moment they touch.
John turns to face him, and Sherlock reaches out and starts to unbutton his shirt.
John shakes his head.
It was a fantasy after all.”
Yeah we are.
“No, you didn’t.
The bus is nearing his stop anyway.
He waits a few minutes, and rings again.
She smiles.
John slides his leg up a little, from where it’s pinned between Sherlock’s legs, thrills all over at the way the muscles of Sherlock’s inner thighs tense and stir above and below.
But, for the record, she’s happy for me, about us.
His hands are ice cold, and shaking.
Could use the money, to be honest.”
But it’s not.
He doesn’t know how ill or injured Sherlock is.
He manages.
Right, okay.
“That okay?”
“Did anyone see how many he had?”
“John, you don’t seriously think…”
“You’re my best friend, and I’ve spent the better half, the best half of my adult life with you, and I love you like a friend, and like a brother, and like the miracle I never expected because I never thought I deserved it, and maybe I don’t.
And he
I thought you meant—relationships.
It doesn’t matter really.
Don’t wanna come.
“Why?”
He breathes deep and shivers, lays very still, eyes screwed tight shut, and waits as his body starts to respond.
Sherlock frowns, and John shakes his head, hurrying to clarify.  “No. No. Not just the sex. Not that. If you didn’t like it we don’t ever have to do it again, I mean that.  I just—I just meant—letting go. Letting everything go. I didn’t realise how that would feel.”
He dips down and kisses the inside of Sherlock’s knee again, stares up at him from beneath long, thick lashes, and Sherlock thinks he is beautiful.
He sees Sherlock look down at him out of the corner of his eye.
Or maybe she gave you a discount.”
“A child, an old…”
Or perhaps they aren’t all sleeping.
The man across from them stirs, and John adjusts his stance to give himself more leverage.
“You…
“Do you mind?”
Sherlock blurts.
Library.
It was not his ‘thing’. It was rarely appreciated.
This is his usual routine, so he knows it well: both come, lay together for a few minutes, chat briefly, clean up, get back to the day-to-day.
John Watson is exceptional, that is clear.
It roughs and jostles him, it wrestles him to the lawn and weighs him down until he is begging for the ground to open up and swallow him whole, to end the never ending cycle of pain that is too much, too enduring.
He looks…
John sails by the man who seems rather unsteady on his feet, flips around to skate backwards and see how the man fares (he doesn’t fall), and then slides up beside Sherlock.
“Christ.
“What were you dreaming?”
Their little excursion proves fruitless and Sherlock is in a foul mood by the time he and John get back into the car at the sixth village of the day.
“However you want.”
“What about afterwards.
“A name, if you please.”
“A little lubrication, maybe.”
Sherlock’s nose wrinkles, and he makes a contented hum at the back of his throat, stirring, frowning, stilling.  His eyes finally pop open.  He blinks, disoriented for moment, before his eyes focus.  “John?”
John’s eyes fill.
It was fine.
Molly frowns at him, looks over at John, and then back at him.
“You suggesting what I think you’re suggesting?”
Makes sense.
Did he have friends, was he involved in activities outside his lessons, or was he a solitary child?”
“That’s for me to tell
He looks down at Sherlock’s hand resting large and warm over exactly the spot that aches, and then up at his face.
He hears Sherlock grunt with the force of the impact, but then, before John can get his wits about him, Sherlock’s flipped him onto his back and pinned his wrists above his head.
Want to see if it fits.”
“Because you won’t want me anymore!”
“Can I talk?”
He hangs the rest in the spot Sherlock makes in his wardrobe.
Our shared living arrangements, and his helping me with my work make this almost a certainty.
Sherlock is lost, wholly and completely lost to it.
John takes a deep breath.
Sherlock swallows dryly, tries to say yes and can’t.
Didn’t know a thing about art, according to her, but she had had a break-in, nothing taken in the last day or two, and there had been a message left on the machine for him from a Professor Cairns.
Professional confidentiality.
Sherlock nuzzles the top of John’s head and then presses his lips into his hair.
Of course she would have deduced…
His eyes snap back up to John’s, and John smiles, small and crooked.
“Okay.”
His cock is a hard, twitching, bulge in the front of his trousers, and Sherlock wants to see him come undone.
And Sherlock pulls back breathes, breathes, “John…” and kisses him again, slow, and lazy, and sweeter than anything John could have imagined.
I’m always going to do that, okay.
“Protecting you, taking care of you, it makes me feel useful.
Christ, Sherlock.
He has a way of making you feel as though you’re being made love to when he kisses.
He loves Sherlock.
John slams a sugar bowl down on the table and hears the water shut off upstairs.
“Yes.”
John murmurs against his chest.
“Alright.”
Sherlock fetches the food from the oven, pulls off the foil, and lays it out on the table with a fork and knife.
“God, Sherlock.
She announces as though this new turn of events is the most transcendent experience of her young life.
“I’m Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock kisses him, and John hums softly, wraps himself around him, and kisses back.
“You go.  I’m not leaving him.”
He shipped home to London because no one knew him here.
“Then, why are you doing this?!”
You want to hear it, or no?”
Just something to take the edge off.
Sherlock’s eyes are soft, and there is the hint of a smile playing around his lips.
“You’ll sleep with me?”
Listen, I just wanted you to know that I’m not going anywhere, that I care about…”
He’s staring down at his hands, worries the cuffs of his shirt between his fingers
After several minutes it calms and centres him enough that he feels like he can breathe again.
“Who?”
He looks up and freezes, eyes wide, mouth slightly agape.
Maybe.
His eyes are everywhere, assessing John for damage.
“I mean, you’ve never…  You’ve never even thought about it?”
“Want to lie on top of you.”
If Sherlock had been there, this would have been his cue to say something scathing, but he’s not.
John’s face softens.
The necessity had been blindingly clear, like a lorry slamming into him at a 100 km an hour, a warning and wake-up call all at once.
Dr. Carlton is getting frustrated.
Don’t be stupid.
He lets the man take over.
Sherlock’s eyes widen a little, and then he smiles.
“He was trying to do something nice for you, you twat.”
“And yet neither of us can go more than a few days without feeling every second of the separation ticking away like a prison sentence.”
“Sorry, my man.
“If you want.”
it’s clear he’s found a bluetooth.
You can tell me to go now, if you want.”
The same heavy, wood panelling on all the walls, wool, winter-weight curtains, and a huge fireplace which already has a fire crackling invitingly in the hearth.
“What do you think?”
Nothing happened between us, but—I wanted it to.
He leans toward it, and starts to make a series of soft, wet sounds with his mouth, like someone might if parting their lips, clucking their tongue, swallowing, kissing.
“I’m just going to shut up now.”
She wasn’t a talker.
“Good.
So, tell me, what do you like?”
He is content.
“Are you sure you aren’t getting feverish. You sound quite delusional.”
He wants to say odd, but if it’s what helps Sherlock, then…
John’s brows knit and his mouth quirks.
Her eyes are everywhere.
So let’s do better.
“Hey.”
Things they perhaps shouldn’t.
I wasn’t…”
“Lavender bath salts it is!”
He showers.
“People assume things.”
I—I just want to keep doing what we have been doing, but not with you as a client.”
John stirs a little, but he doesn’t pull away.
It’s soul crushing, terrifying, but it’s what John deserves—honesty, accountability.
He’s not sleeping, but it’s clear he doesn’t want Sherlock there.
It’s for Christmas, you idiot.
“So I guess this video is just meant to be a thanks, and of course well wishes for a speedy recovery, and I’m not sure if I’ll do any more of these, but…
“Another?”
“You can be remarkably unobservant about some things, John.”
“You jealous?”
“What was what for?”
This isn’t a game.
What personal belongings did you find on the body?
Together or not at all.”
The envelops have all been opened, and are dated over a stretch of 15 years, from 1957 to 1972.
Sherlock presses a finger against one of the buttons, a mirror of John’s actions the first time he’d touched Sherlock in this way.
“No constant chatter, no midnight feedings, no—no rows over who’s turn it is to take to the rubbish.”
“You said there were two.”
“Why don’t you come to bed.
“Mmm.”
“Not sure sharing a bath with someone is going slow, exactly.”
He’s been there—for years he’d been there.
“Yeah?
“If you think that what I felt for Teddy was anything like what you feel for him, then you don’t have the first idea what it is to love another human being.”
“You—you’re…?”
He won’t be working.
“Used to like it when you played something.
“Hand?”
John’s jaw clenches tight, his nostrils flare, and he swallows.
“See.”
“Yeah.
Another squeeze.
He doesn’t want to play co-parent if Rosie is going to be snatched away from him and placed in the arms of whatever nameless woman du jour John lands on next.
He turns back.
“You going to tell me what it is you’ve done?”
“Ok?”
Sherlock shakes his head
Sherlock pouring water back and fourth between two beakers, dripping it from a pipette into a bowl, boiling it in a florence flask over a bunsen burner.
John scowls at the unassailable logic, and then turns without a word and marches up the gravel road that serves as the thoroughfare between two rows of rather ramshackle looking cottages.
“Okay.
John splits another log.
And he swallows him down again.
I believe tonight is one of them.”
He stops and rubs the pads of his fingers against his scalp, letting his eyes fall shut, and when he opens them again Sherlock’s hands have dropped away from his mouth, his lips have parted, and his cheeks slightly flushed.
“Yes.”
“This is Mort Tregennis.
Halfway up the street the bright red awning of a small cafe catches his eye.
“True, my injury’s made it so I can’t be an orthopaedic surgeon anymore, but maybe I’m not totally useless, maybe there still are some things I’m good at.
I—I’ll be right there.”
You look flushed.
“I’m going out.
I believe he may have gone to the edge of the park where he was met by whomever it was who arranged the meeting.
Let’s go ask her.”
John removes the pillow, rolls his sleeve back down.
Sherlock nods.
The look John turns on him is desperate.
I don't know.
He nods.
He’s hallucinated before.
It’s been lonely since you came home—at night.
I guess some things just seem exceptionally cruel.
“That’s fine?”
He’s in bed.
“For what.”
That’s good.”
“That right?”
He came here hoping to make amends, hoping for a second chance, hoping that Sherlock would give him a reason to believe they had a chance, and he’s found it.
It’s thick, and hot, and fits in the cup of his palm perfectly.
John grins.
“Go—god.
And just for the record this is really…”
He reaches out, fumbling and uncoordinated, reaches for John’s body, and pulls it close to his.
“People?”
John laughs out loud at the thought, and feels Sherlock pull off, much to his dismay.
Fuck.
I have Rosie.”
Jesus, I’m sorry.”
“The one that makes you smell like sex?”
“Interested in Sherlock Holmes?
Let me…”
“And it was emotional for you?”
John grins crookedly.
“Don’t mind quiet.”
He’s getting close—fast, and John is right there along side, wanking furiously, while Sherlock thrusts in and out of him, rocks against him, pants out his name like it’s a prayer and he’s desperate for salvation.
“You want me to?”
Yeah.
“You look good.
I’ve fantasized about it.
It’s not…
Warm up.”
He won’t indulge it.
John swings the axe one more time, embedding it in the chopping block, before swinging around to face him.
“Perhaps we should start with how your father touched you?”
He looks…
Luckily, the illustrious cracker remains exactly where John had left it.
“How long?”
“Yeah?
And Sherlock huffs out a wet laugh at the absolute absurdity of the question, all things considered, and at how just very ‘John’ it is.  “I found you. I’m fine.”
He scrambles beneath the covers, scrambles out of his trousers, out of his pants, grabs the pillow behind him, and lays down, pulls it next to his body, thrusts into his fist.
John’s eyes drop.
“John,”
“Wasn’t your fault.
Maybe she was the one who suggested you try this cuddling lark.
Any places that deliver and are open this late?”
Well—good.”
Sherlock acquiesces because he doesn’t have the energy for a row.
He feels John slide off and immediately regrets his lack of self-control.
He screenshots them, and texts them to Sherlock.
“You were young.
John’s face does a myriad of things Sherlock doesn’t understand.  He looks pained. After a moment or two, he shakes his head, and lifts an arm to drape it over his eyes.
He seems a million miles away.
“I wasn’t sure you would come if there wasn’t.”
He finally blurts.
Perhaps a pre-arranged meeting.
Can we please just start over.
Yeah, me too.”
“If this is about John Watson, we’re handling it.”
John reaches down, takes two handfuls of Sherlock’s arse, and uses it for leverage to pull their bodies closer.
John looks up from his laptop, and catches Sherlock watching.  He smiles. “You okay?”
John pales and then flushes purple, the vein in his forehead distended and pulsing with barely repressed rage.
He didn’t know how to recognise the fact that Sherlock was touch starved.
When they finally reach East Dean and Sherlock directs John to turn down a long semi-private lane, he is overcome with a rush of nerves.
He listens for any sort of sound from downstairs, and when he hears none, licks his lips and palms himself experimentally through his trousers.
No one.
It helps people, it seems.
But if the stories are true, then the murder of Geoffrey Edwards isn’t the first to have occurred between these walls, and John is rather convinced that they may just have some otherworldly companions following them about the narrow corridors, through the great galleries, and currently, beneath the rain-mottled glass ceiling of the conservatory.
John’s head is swimming.
Secondly, we need to talk about this.
He’s more sturdy than Sherlock imagined, too, more solid and muscled than his outward appearance suggests.
“Christ you’re gorgeous.
“There are obviously questions you have, questions you’ve had for years.
Point is, you have to have a reason.”
“And I want you.”
“You don’t mind?”
Sorry, what?”
It’s private, typical given his station Sherlock supposes, but hardly advantageous when it comes to making friends.
smoothes his hands over the pages, uses his nails a bit, since his mic is horrible.
“You’re sure?”
“You best eat that before it gets cold, yeah.”
The whole room instantly fills with the calming scent.
Sherlock pulls back, and John looks up at him, shocked, no doubt, at the fact that he’s crying.
I can’t do it for real.
“Yeah?”
His face is pale, hair plastered to his forehead with sweat.
He needs to say something.
He wakes a few hours later to Sherlock’s fingers carding through his hair, and he smiles up blearily at Sherlock hovering over him with a glass of water and his antibiotics and painkillers.
This belongs to us.
John nods.
Sherlock’s brain is working overtime to file away all the sensations flooding his body at once, and is grateful beyond words that John doesn’t seem insistent on keeping up a conversation, because he’s not sure he could process this and talk at the same time, even if he wanted to.
Sherlock sweeps into the lounge and takes up his violin.
Sherlock finds a stack of books on beekeeping and apiology, and they huddle near the fire in the keeping room for light and heat.
Sorry.
“It was—understandable.”
“Go put on a bloody t-shirt, at least, and then come here.”
“Out?”
John motions to the water, and takes a step back.
Had to go to Baker Street today, to the Lost Property office, because like an idiot I forgot my cane on the bus yesterday.
“Yes.”
There was a tiny stash in the bottom of his sock drawer.
He was part of the reason we brought you back.”
“What makes you think that I would assume you were a couple.”
Sherlock shivers.
They belong to each other, now—come what may.
“And I have.”
Wait, you look like
“That so?”
He wonders why, why tonight?
“It was the most horrible feeling, John, to be shut out that way, to know without a shadow of a doubt, that something was horribly, painfully wrong, but that you were missing something essential, that the person you cared about most in the world could not tell you, and that you were failing, failing them!
Sherlock’s eyes widen, and then narrow, he’s deducing.
“But the sex.”
He failed to protect Sherlock from her once.
Sherlock huffs and John laughs, and pulls him into his arms.
Ella wants him to journal, or blog.
“You’re so small, and yet so strong.”
But yeah, I sort of assumed.
The real world is something he will need to face soon enough, and he would rather keep it at bay as long as possible.
The train is only moderately full, but every ringing mobile, every child’s cry, every cough, seems to set his brain to buzzing.
“Yeah?
Weed.
John isn’t quite sure how to take her.
He feels like he’s falling, toppling headlong into some sweet and heady oblivion, and he wants to let go, he does, but god it’s all happening so fast, and he needs, something…
By the time they get back to their room, all Sherlock wants is a long, hot shower, and to go to bed.
Sherlock calling.
Sally grumbles.
From John.
He sways over, and drops onto the closed lid of the toilet with a plop.
We were sitting in Lestrade’s office.”
“I do.”
John’s hand strokes the length of his back, in long, soothing caresses.
John smiles, but there is a tightness to it.
I hated that you could see me.
“Sherlock, why are you here?
Why now?
“John, just because you had sex with your sister’s wife, it doesn’t naturally follow that she will seek to retaliate by doing the same with your best friend.  It’s not her nature.”
I should probably get her packed.”
They were already in the cab, but they had dark hair, and so I just assumed…”
Sherlock looks up, and John smiles.
“Ahh.”
Sherlock adds for good measure.
Sherlock nods.
John stops, suddenly.
With my reading.
John glances down at Sherlock gripping a pile of his pants, and takes a long, slow pull of whiskey.
He sits up, crosses his legs, and nibbles at a hangnail on the corner of his thumb while he waits for John’s response.
There is the sound of a door opening, and then the distressed calls grow louder.
He’s okay.
“I’m sorry.”
He wants to get up, and leave, and never come back, because that would be best for everyone, wouldn’t it?
It’s on me.”
“Well, it’s certainly not to my taste.”
We’re both okay.”
John shakes his head.
After a moment he reaches up and wipes at his eyes with the heels of his hands.
“Are you alright?”
“Yeah?
Blue sky.
“Hey, hey, hey…
Greg would occasionally force a visit, just to be sure he was still alive, hadn’t done himself harm, but he had been lost, utterly lost in all that time, and so Mrs. Hudson had been completely shocked, a few days prior, when he had turned up at the flat and explained everything to her.
“Well—as I’ve said, we have come all this way.
“Oh.”
Sherlock scowls.
Together or not at all.”
His mind runs through all his options in an instant.
“You’re quite…”
Yeah?
Sherlock’s voice is low, and careful.
“Let’s talk later.
I promise.”
“Yes well…”
Sherlock winks at him, and John huffs out a small laugh.
Yeah.
The air goes thick with the scent of cigarette smoke and coffee, and then the curtain pulls back a little, and a head peeks in.
“Arthur.
Yeah.
“Lie down, then, hands over your head.
“Jesus…”
John chuckles.
“Is it?”
“No…”
“It’s about Daddy.”
We can probably track down one of the staff who can show us to his room.
Sherlock’s brow wrinkles.
His body sways a little closer.
John stares down at it, sucks in a breath.
I just—I didn’t know it could be like that.”
“Good.
“I don’t know what to say,” Sherlock finally mutters.
He steps back and lets the two strange men assess Sherlock, stabilise him, and load him onto a stretcher.
“That so…”
Sherlock is mesmerised by the glow of the flames licking the tips of his eyelashes, painting them pure gold, at the way the skin on John’s bare forearms bursts into gooseflesh as the flames catch, and then smooths again as the warmth begins to spread.
He wants to speak, but is afraid to break the silence.
“You have a headache.
“Hey!”
He nods.
He feels overwhelmed by the whole thing.
“And I’m trying not to, but even if I wasn’t responsible in any way, you have to accept that you were put in a position where you weren’t safe.  Give yourself time.”
“You don’t want it?”
“Because you are an anchor, and a mystery that can never be fully solved, and you focus me, hold me together when everything else in life seems to be tearing me apart.”
There is a long delay during which John wishes he could turn back time and undo that one, tiny, stupid click of a button more than he’s ever wished for anything in his life.
“Oh god…”
He presses, sees Sherlock’s eyes go wide, pupils dilate with pleasure.
“Yes.”
It’s something he’s almost pushed to the back of his mind.
John sounds more fond than angry, Sherlock thinks.
John nods.
He sees Sherlock’s eyes darken, the corner of his mouth twitch in a barely repressed smirk.
“This place is bigger than our entire flat.
