"Yes, apparently I'm owed enough courtesy to be left alive." His fingers curled against his thighs. "Not if he thinks I've killed you, though. None of them would hesitate at that - and most of your friends wouldn't have paused to begin with." Loki allowed, "Not that I blame them for the impulse. I can't say that I have ever been without the will for my own survival, but I can see their point of view on the matter. My idiot brother-" He winced and glanced back up at Tony. "I suppose that's not precisely the title I should use addressing him anymore." The diplomatic angle of his potential new life would be a minefield, but despite that, Loki felt the distinct stirrings of something like hope for the first time in recent memory. "But he is an idiot."
Tony gave Fitz a long, hard stare. "Does your home country not want you back or something? That's the only reason I can find that you're still here." Without waiting for an answer, Tony fixed his gaze on Bruce, who was making a point of staying hunched over his computer. "Bruce-y..."
Steve gritted his teeth. Tony could have made a saint turn to sinning with his mouth. Finally Steve knew he could take no more. "Stop.... Tony, stop." If the man didn't quit, they'd be done all too soon. He could have happily fucked Tony's throat until he exploded, but there were other things that Steve wanted too. Voice husky, Steve explained, "I don't want to finish this up just yet. I haven't even been inside you, and I seem to remember you mentioning that on your wishlist."
"Tony," Bruce chimed in, voice forceful but gentle, "you and I both know that that gun isn't going to hold together for a couple of days, and I don't think the Council's gonna let Fury have another one. If there are any others anymore. This is our option. It’s a shit option, but it’s our option."
Realizing he'd been zoning out entirely from the look on the man's face - //Senator?// Steve couldn't remember - he gave a shake of his head and apologized, "I'm sorry. It was a long day, and I'm afraid I'm not all-" The words cut off sharply when he caught a glimpse of a familiar face from across the room.
"A date? Hmm... with cocktails and roses? That could be cute. Don't forget the makeup for all those photos that're gonna get snapped." When Steve glanced down at him, he gave the man's hand a squeeze. "I like it. Somewhere fancy with real tablecloths, or more in the steakhouse or greasy spoon arena?" He paused. "Also, I feel it's important to note that I was the only one drunk. I had a designated dancer. Technically only half of that dance was drunk."
"STOP! Everyone, stand down! Please, stop fighting!" Thor had set his hammer down beside his throne and was holding his hands up and out.
"Almost as good as the taser I carry," Phil broke in without missing a beat. He smiled mildly at Logan as the man glared at him. "Don't be offended. Clint doesn't read files. He hates being handed things almost as much as Stark, but at least Stark looks it up later on the internal network."
Clint groaned, reaching up and hooking his fingers over Coulson's hips as he worked the man's cock a little deeper into his throat. He could tell it was going to be a little tough to talk the next day, and he didn't give a damn. It felt good to see Phil losing it, to know he was the one causing it. Phil lost it in a much calmer fashion than most of Clint's partners, but knowing how well the man kept himself together in the field made it that much clearer how much he was falling apart now. The archer felt his eyes water as he pushed to get more of Phil down his throat and found himself wondering just how that thick shaft would feel inside him. He felt an answering throb from his own cock and moaned softly as his eyes rose to Phil's face once more.
"I hear the moonshine here's great," Tony remarked, brashly settling into the seat Steve had politely left empty.
"Count yourself lucky that's all you can smell," Logan countered with a grin. He plopped more than enough money on the table to cover the food and a ridiculous tip for their waitress. "C'mon." He led them out into the street. The sun had just gone down, and the city was coming to life in a whole new way. Logan smiled, grabbing Scott's hand and tugging him close. "So where're we gettin' this fresh air o' yours?"
“He will.” Steve didn’t note that it would have as much to do with duty as anything, but it didn’t really matter. The truth was that Coulson was a good guy. He’d made it clear in their conversations that while he didn’t like any part of what had happened, he also didn’t hold Bucky personally responsible. That was a bit leg up over most everyone else. Steve supposed it had a lot to do with the man’s affinity for all the strange tales surrounding their mutual heroics in the war. “Rest. Relax. Maybe do some reading. Lately I feel like no matter how fast I take things in, I’m never gonna catch up.” Steve couldn’t help pausing to give Bucky’s hand a warm squeeze. “I’ll see you back at the suite. Not leaving you here long enough for you to get used to the smell of industrial cleaner.” He drew away only because he knew if he didn’t get on it, he’d never be ready for his date. It was a big chance, a big step forward, and Steve didn’t want to mess it up.
Scott let out a breath of relief. He wasn't thrilled about having a bow leveled at him, but he wasn't going to protest either. It was probably a good idea. Definitely a good idea. "Good. That's good. I was going to go with him, but it didn't... it didn't necessarily seem like the best plan." Scott looked up and met Clint's gaze. "I'm not going to try to kill you. That I'm aware of anyway. But I do think we should probably talk. There may be one or two things Logan left out of his report."
A guttural roar wrenched itself from Tony's throat as he was forcibly claimed by that mammoth length. The pain was blinding, stealing his breath away and causing his muscles to tense. It also had the effect of giving Tony a momentary rush of clarity. The haze of the drug cleared, and his eyes widened in shock. "What the hell? You're not Steve..." Tony struggled, but to no avail. His wrists were still firmly bound, and although his legs were free, he could not wrench himself loose. The Soldier had fully impaled him, claiming him with such intensity that hot tears pricked at Tony's eyes.
"I don't really *do* nice," Logan growled in Stark's ear, grinding hard against Tony's ass and taking great satisfaction in hearing the man's heart-rate spike. He'd managed a shallow, six inch long cut across the other man's back, and he was honest enough to admit to himself it wasn’t entirely accidental.
He led the charge downstairs and was glad to find the room guarded by someone who wasn't a huge jackass. The blond woman gave them each a quick retinal scan and waved them in. "I'll let anyone else who shows up know it's in use."
Tony dug into the take without so much as a thanks, but at least had the decency to remark that it tasted good around his mouthful of food and coffee.
Thor immediately rushed Steve upon catching sight of the man. "Friend Rogers!" He threw massive arms around the blonde, then drew back as he noticed that Steve seemed smaller. His brow furrowed with concern. "Have you been eating well, my friend? You seem to have taken ill."
"And to Charles Xavier, yes. Unauthorized. Off the record to a point. They're willing to help with the Brotherhood if we need it. Xavier sent me some information about them. It's a start." He glanced down the hallway. "It's probably good that Nat came back or I'd already be in Fury's office getting yelled at."
"Thor, I'd feel better if Lady Sif stays on your couch for the night," Natasha pointed out. Despite the man having more or less his own kingdom and not really needing a room, Tony had still set a suite up for him. "If your brother tries anything stupid, at least then you've got back up."
Fury's gaze swept the room as he settled back into his chair. He hesitated for a long moment before he finally brought up a file on the 3D projector and overrode the code. "I think I can finally tell you what's going on."
"Talk about whatever you need to talk about. We’ve been pretty honest with each other, and I don’t want that to change." Phil reached out, his fingers curling around Clint's again to draw one of his hands away from his body. He wasn't going to go so far as to say the words didn't sting, but he understood them. Gently, he ran his fingers over Clint's hand, much the way he had earlier. "First off, do you really think Natasha Romanov is capable of feeling guilty? Secondly... secondly, are you here right now because Natasha wants you to be here or because you want to be here?"
Loki flinched at the words and sat up straighter. "I don't need your pity, Stark." Fury swelled inside him. That was what it had come to: pity from the creatures who should have feared him. His gaze strayed down to his skin, and Loki found himself laughing instead. Perhaps he did need the pity. It was better than no one thinking anything of him at all. "What does it say about you that you're the prisoner of someone you can't even bring yourself to truly fear?" He held out a hand. "Come here."
"Every kid's worst nightmare," Logan muttered in spite of having no memory of what had happened to his own parents. If he'd even known them. Considering his brother, Logan had the ugly feeling that whatever it was, it hadn't been a good memory he'd lost. He pulled Scott close, resting his chin on top of the man's head as if to wrap him up completely. It felt good to just hold Scott, breathe him in, and know that they were as safe as anyone in a tower full of freaks and and gods could be.
Logan had to rein in a bit of jealousy as the two kissed, this time mere breaths away from him. Refocusing the energy, the feral mutant leaned in to press his lips against Tony's throat as his hand grasped and squeezed at Steve's wonderfully toned ass.
There was a loud thump as Clint's hands hit the counter behind Darien's head. The archer held on for dear life as he worked to calm himself. "Fuck," he growled, moaning a second later as he felt his cock hit the back of his partner's throat. "Nng... I think this might be a better use for that smartass mouth of yours," he murmured, shuddering as he leaned back from the countertop enough to watch Darien impale himself on Clint's shaft once more.
It was a more generous offer and more kindly put than Steve had expected. He sighed and took a moment to collect himself. "Thank you. We appreciate the sentiment, but this is going to be a slow process if it works at all. Dr. Simmons, do you have what you need?"
"I could get behind that. Using you for a blanket. You're like a big, blonde teddy bear. That threatened to throw a sick guy out of his bed," Tony said, pressing a kiss to Steve's chest to show there were no hard feelings. He reached up and ruffled Steve's hair further. "You look good like this. All disheveled. Though, gotta say... my favorite look - aside from naked and fucking me - has to be you after working out."
Steve wasn't sure he agreed, but he knew that Tony believed it. That was more than enough. He didn't bother trying to say anything, just moved time with Tony’s body. They didn't need to talk to enjoy each other. He didn't need Tony to talk to feel the way his hands were exploring and the way his hips caught as he tried to keep himself from moving too fast. Steve let his eyes close and paid attention to nothing but their increasingly sweaty bodies moving in perfect sync.
Clint nodded. He still remembered Fury shooting at him. To kill. He couldn't blame the Director. He'd have done the same, had their positions been switched. "I'll watch him, sir, but I'm already seeing signs-"
Tony was nodding his assent. "Yeah, I'm sure Fury's gonna be all kinds of full of questions. Not sure how much information I can give, though. Maybe Fitz-Simmons can figure something out after a check-up. I'm guessing that the modifications they made to the suit saved me. I don't know what else it would've been." It gave him chills thinking of what it had felt like to use the gun. Tony was certain he'd died. "I can upload my suit's logs to see what my vitals did, too."
Phil couldn't really stop the tears that came to his eyes at the admission. He held Clint a little tighter. There was nothing they could do to change what had happened, not a damn thing. He let his eyes close and then shifted so that he could kiss Clint gently on the lips again. "It was supposed to be you too. And when we're ready, whenever the hell that is and however much therapy that takes? It will be you. The first time in a long time that it will matter, it will be you."
"Steve..." The tone was soothing, insistent. Tony ruffled Steve's hair, then ran his hand gently down the side of his lover's neck, over one lean shoulder, his arm, down to his hand. It was hard to get used to. It wasn't the Steve Tony was familiar with, and he took several moments to absorb the drastic change. It was shocking, but not in the sense that Steve likely feared. It just hurt Tony to know that his lover was trapped in a body that didn’t fit his spirit. He looked up at Steve as he rested a hand over the blonde's. "Steve, for one, I've read your file, just like I read everyone else's. It came with pictures. I already knew what to expect. I won't lie and tell you that this won’t take some getting used to for me, but that doesn't mean I'm about to run screaming. For another," he pulled Steve's hand to his lips, "I'm not going to sit here waiting because there's nothing to wait for. The gun didn't kill you. It took something away, something we're going to try to get back, but you're still here, and I'm not losing you over this. Serum or not."
Simon’s eyes closed, and Thor could see and feel him let go of him, as his thrusts became uncoordinated and arrhythmic. “Simon. You are great to deserve with this crazy move. My friends would probably bring you to the highest point. ” Thor groaned, shoving in deep, and Simon could feel the heat that meant that Thor was coming as well.
“ Oh, by the way. We need to tell the guys in the party to stay back since we all make according to the plan.” Clint told Tony.
“ Come on, Steve. Who make every men need some confident and justice ?” Janet shouted at him doing the challenge.
“Think you could do better than that?” Erik whispered into Hank’s ear, his voice husky with interest.
“I think I can handle you both .” Clint said with a smirk as both Thor and Simon headed to one of the large plush couches and sat between the two of them. Clint laying down and leaned over to kiss Thor deeply letting their tongues play, then he did the same with Simon.
“ I don’t think so. Rhodey. The way this stuff looks, it seem so fizzy and thick.” Clint replied. “ All you need to do is put your hands or both sides inside the box.”
“... What? ”Tony couldn’t hear what he was trying to said. “ Just tried to say louder, Thor.” Steve argued.
When the rest of the team arrived in the briefing room, a semi-disheveled Steve and Tony were sitting at the table already, and by chance Logan found himself seated shoulder to shoulder with Stark. The feral mutant's nose told him quite clearly what the two had been doing with their night when they'd been called in. //I guess everyone around here gets a good fuck when they get the chance.// It made sense in a way. //Eat dessert first, and all that. Except me. 'Cause I'm a loner. And a rebel.// He made sure Scott got the seat next to him before it dawned on Logan that he was being stared at. His gaze shifted to Tony, who was wearing a shit-eating grin. "...Stark."
Steve had to fight to keep from screaming. His grip on the comforter kept him more or less still - at least as much as he could while his vision was whiting out from pleasure and it felt like Tony was sucking his brain out through his dick. He panted Tony's name through the climax, a litany of the ways the man made him feel wonderful. When he was finally able to do anything but shake, Steve groaned. "As soon as you're well. Seriously, as soon as, we're going to spend some more time on that. Having you inside me, I mean. Something a little more substantial than your finger next time, maybe."
Scott groaned as Natasha sank to her knees and unzipped Logan's fly. She was licking his cock like a lollipop seconds later, and Scott took himself in hand to watch the show.
Clint felt the blood leave his face. "What?" he asked, feeling a stab of horror. As Scott turned toward him, he searched the man's face. Scott looked... different somehow. "That... it wasn't you," he realized, feeling his stomach clench. For a beat Clint was sure he was going to vomit. He swallowed hard against the impulse. "Oh, god." //Focus. Stay focused. Get him somewhere safe. For everyone.// "Yeah, alright. Get dressed," he said, darting to the bathroom. He hastily wiped up and zipped his pants. Grabbing a towel, he wet it down and tossed it to Scott. Clint managed to keep his calm exterior, but internally he was wondering at himself. If Scott was compromised, Clint couldn't help but feel like he'd just raped the man. //Just... I can talk this through with a shrink later. Right now... Need to get him contained.// "Look, just don't try to blow me up when I take you downstairs. I can't pull the same trick I did with Logan." Mentioning the man's name made Clint even more nervous, and he tried not to think about it while he waited for Scott to pull himself together.
"Something like that's gotta leave an energy signature," Bruce observed. "When Tony wakes up... well, between the two of us, we should be able to rig something."
Loki bared his teeth but still gestured, a sharp jerk of his fingers, and the chains fell to the floor, leaving Tony as free as he was going to be for the foreseeable future. "Perhaps I take after my father after all, Mr. Stark," he answered in a tone that was positively chilly. Realizing there was little reason to hide anything but the most secretive of details from the man, Loki sat down in an armchair that one of the mutants had found somewhere. It was ratty looking but surprisingly comfortable. "I believe that your weapon has affected me after all, though not in the way that you hoped. Perhaps you did kill a part of me."
Logan raised an eyebrow. "He's got you there, slim," he said, then caught himself. He was already viewing Steve as Scott in some weird sense or another. //That's a little unfair. He's not nearly as much of a tool.// "Don't really have a place to stay. Usually just find a place where I can work off a night's rent. But if you two have a couch I could sleep on somewhere, I'll admit I could use a break from washin' dishes."
Clint raised an eyebrow, surprised by that. Tony was essentially offering up the person who mattered most to him for the person who mattered most to Clint. Maybe he didn't know that. But still... The archer idly wondered how many completely selfless acts the billionaire could commit in the space of a few months before reality collapsed.
Tony felt himself tense a little. He knew Loki didn't like hearing about his brother. The fact that Thor was now a topic of conversation didn't seem like something that would end well. "That you're of Asgard. And his brother." He took a deep breath. "And that you were adopted." Tony didn't need 20/20 vision to see Loki twitch a little at that last part. "Is it... is it weird to be adopted in Asgard? I mean, that's pretty normal on Earth." Tony hesitated. The idea that Loki could potentially be even more unpleasant was a chilling one. "What do you mean, beneath the face you’ve shown us?" he asked carefully.
"We're trusting you to judge who's crazy now?" Scott sounded skeptical, but he nodded his acceptance of the additional beer. "So I didn't freak you out? The, y'know, bisexual thing?" He felt a weight lift off of his chest at the news. "Christ, good. I don't have enough friends to scare them all away. All of you away. Just you at the moment." Scott was definitely feeling the alcohol, and he nearly giggled. "So you want to be my wingman? Make sure that, like, the guys aren't too ugly for me or that they're not gonna cop a feel before I'm drunk enough to follow through?"
"Coming right up!" While Fitz tried to tackle the sequence from another end, Simmons fixed each of them mugs of coffee, passing one to Bruce, one to Fitz and clutching one herself. She drank from it as if it was the elixir of the gods, and considering she was well into her second day without sleep, it was. "I do believe I should be capable of hearing colors any minute now," she announced in the same cheery tone before frowning at her screen again. "No, we don't need that... two of you- well, not of you, Dr. Banner, but of the Hulk might be... that could possibly be considered overkill. And I'm not sure even SHIELD insurance covers that much damage."
Fitz nodded his agreement and managed around a mouthful of muffin, "It's beautiful because it's so simple."
"You may not want to date Coulson because you're becoming him," Natasha returned as she started to load her tray, utterly ignoring the look of shock from the server on the other side. She didn't particularly care what the woman thought. "Besides, I already promised that I would behave as long as other people behave." She got them both cups full of coffee and set one down on Clint's tray. "Tell me you wouldn't clock someone if they said something bad about Steve. Really, say it, and make me believe it."
Tony shook his head. "Nope. Think I'll put some files together for him. In case he decides to ask, and all. And maybe make sure he's not gonna be the first one Loki reaches for if he decides he needs another drone. Come to think of it, maybe I should talk to Clint..."
"Let's just say I'd find your company a little more stimulating than schmoozing old fogies in tuxes." As if he was overheard, Tony smiled and raised his glass to one of the dignitaries in salute. He spun on his heel and gave Steve a thoughtful glance. "If you'd rather hang around here looking as bored as you do, that's fine by me." Slugging back the remains of his champagne, Tony took a meaningful step away from Steve as if to leave. He found it remarkably easy to wind the other man up, and it gave him a perverse sort of pleasure to push Steve's buttons.
That was putting it very gently, Steve knew. Overhead, the room came to life. Saxons blared and red lights began flashing in warning. "Looks like we're not alone anymore."
It was easy to put on a show with such good material to work with. There wasn't a chance in hell that Natasha would let the man cum, but she wanted to make sure Logan was hot and hard and ready. "When I'm done with you, I want to see you bend Scott over that bed and fuck him - assuming you’re both interested in that."
"I like the way you look," Clint returned, "or I would've told you to change." It didn't cross his mind that Darien might not want to be told what to wear. A few guys had glanced their way. In truth, Clint was kind of small compared to a lot of the guys sitting around, and he had no doubt that a few were sizing him up for a bit of bottoming of his own. What caught his attention more, though, was the number of glances Darien was getting. He smiled inwardly to himself. He did love a good fight.
The redhead smiled broadly. It was nice to know someone appreciated her efforts even if it wasn't the two people at the center of her hopes. If Clint had looked back, he might have thought she was just leering at Scott and Logan.
"Anger management issues. Maybe you could tell him some secrets," Tony snarked as he fiddled with his sleeves. The MK XII wristbands were in place. The suit was still a little eccentric, but Tony wasn't in the habit of waiting until something was perfected before he used it. //Hopefully, Loki just wants to talk about his mommy issues, anyway.//
Clint found himself relieved and disappointed all at once. "Fair enough," he said with a wink and a devilish smile. Unable to resist teasing the other man a little more, he leaned up and whispered in his ear, "I'd do it, though. Not for anyone, but for you? I'd suck you off right here in front of everyone." Clint might have been a bit of an exhibitionist, after all, but right there in broad daylight on a grassy hill at a concert would be ballsy even for him. Smirking to himself, the archer subsided, leaning against his lover and working to calm himself down enough to avoid poking Phil in the leg.
"I'm sure I'm overreacting," Steve agreed in a placid tone that said quite clearly that he meant nothing of the sort. If they left the room, Tony would be leaving it in a wheelchair. He stared at the screen as if information would come immediately instead of when it damn well pleased. "I just hope she's okay." He still remembered how after their first battle against Loki, Clint had been withdrawn for what felt like forever. He had felt responsible for everything he did while Loki was pulling the strings. Steve's hand clenched on the phone, willing it to flash a new message.
Reviewing Logan's file had taken almost more time than putting out fires with the media. Coulson rapped firmly on the man's door. At least he wasn't likely to be hungover. He wasn't sure how much that would help, but it wasn't likely to hurt. By all accounts Logan was just as adverse to authority as Tony. Coulson wondered how in the world Captain America ended up palling around with the two most difficult men in their keeping and decided to file away that concern for later.
What the others couldn't hear of the medics' conversations, Logan could. He had to fight the rush of guilt he felt. This was his fault. All of it. If he hadn't been so stupid... The weight of the weapon he'd just barely managed to take from Steve's hands before the man collapsed reminded him what he had to do. He focused on Nat. "I won't need a medic. I might need a few minutes, but no medics. Or they'll need medics." It wasn't a threat, just a warning. Logan didn't want to come to finding out he'd maimed or killed another person. //Hospitality's worn thin already,// he thought to himself, hoisting the gun and looking at it closely. He still remembered exactly what Steve had shown him. It was the least he could do.
"I... a few people. Fury, a couple of friends. Work's a place where I feel like I'm in control. I didn't really want anyone looking at me like I was broken." Of course, that hadn't worked out very well since once he'd surfaced again after the whole mess with Loki people had either looked at him like he was probably a vampire or about to keel over. "I didn't have to take much time off. She lived pretty close." He leaned into Clint's embrace and was grateful for the support. Even a year later, it stung, and knowing that Clint cared meant more than anything else. "It was easier keeping things normal when I was on the clock."
Nat heard the unspoken "if they can" in the sentence but nodded instead of calling him on it. "Good. I'd like to get the chance to thank him." Natasha smoothly took the seat next to Tony and watched the man warily before reaching out to put a hand on his thigh. It wasn't like her not to notice things, but even knowing he and Tony were messing around, she'd had no idea how deep it went. Tony looked destroyed. Just the possibility of losing Steve was enough to shake him apart. "You have to hold it together right now. He's going to need you."
Though Phil certainly appreciated the bravado, he knew better. The reason Loki was dangerous wasn't his near-immortality or his strength, it was the fact that he knew how to manipulate people at least as well as Natasha, which was a pointedly terrifying idea. "If it helps, I promise not to go toe to toe with any gods unattended this time."
Tony's smirk faded. His expression shifted to something indistinct. Vulnerable. Uncertain. Tony shifted uneasily, looking away for a moment. "I, uh... thank you," he murmured, reaching up to place his hand over Steve's. It was hard to know what to say. Tony quirked a faint smile before looking back up at Steve. "Sorry. I'm... not good at this whole... feelings thing. At least, not talking about them. I am pretty happy, though. With you."
Steve's breath caught at the teasing touch. "There's a slight chance you're terrible for my willpower," Steve agreed. He bit his lip and observed, "That doesn't mean I expect you to be up to doing anything for me, though. All evidence to the contrary, I can do waiting."
Logan raised an eyebrow when Tony turned to his companion to whisper, "Cap, help me out here..." //'Cap'...? No... can't be.//
"How is Captain Rogers doing?" Simmons chimed in. She'd been devoting a bit of side time to looking over some of the blood samples taken from him in the hospital, and none of them looked very promising. Though the serum was there, she expected his own white blood cells would cannibalize the dormant traces of it soon enough. It was doing nothing for his body, certainly. "It's been rather a big week."
"Like old times. But less with the me wanting to wring your neck," Logan agreed, running his hands over Scott's back and down the tops of his thighs. They slid back up a moment later, his fingertips barely sliding up the legs of Scott's boxer briefs. "I think I like you straddling my lap better, anyway. Lot more fun." He leaned up for another kiss, sighing heavily against Scott's full lips. "You're too damn pretty to kill."
Steve's hand tensed on the counter, but his anger toward Logan had ebbed already. "I know it's hazy at best. I also know that getting to where this thing is might be our only shot at getting Nat back." He reached out and placed his hand on Logan's forearm. "Please? Anything you remember... it might seem like a little thing, but it could help."
When Clint woke, the three of them had shifted somewhat, but were still cuddled fairly close together. Phil's arm was comfortably around his waist. The archer tensed a moment later when he realized they had a mission. He knew Jarvis would've woken them if they were late, but he was fairly certain it was still the wee hours of the morning. He stayed still, not wanting to wake Phil or Nat until it was necessary, and not really wanting to peel himself away from either of them, anyway.
"Of course," Simmons and Fitz both agreed in concert. They shared a smile before sobering at the thought of the task ahead. "Looks like lunch break is over." Simmons tried to sound bright and cheerful, but she looked terrified too even if it was more about standing in front of Director Fury to make a presentation than it was about Tony's health and safety.
Clint frowned thoughtfully as he laid his bow back on the bar. "Dunno. Five... six... something like that." Clint liked beer. A lot. But he also didn't really make much of a habit of drinking more than one or two at a time. Five or six was more than enough to get him reasonably drunk. It caught up with him a moment later just how stupid his bravado had been, and he sighed, sagging against the bar. "Guess this is where I get the 'you've had enough' speech, huh?"
Bucky laughed, “Yeah, I wonder why?” He smiled at Steve before glancing back at the picture. “Hard to believe that’s you. Before you got all buff seems like a hundred lifetimes ago.” He smirked at the irony of that statement. “I guess it was. Anyway,” Bucky quickly changed the subject, “It’s difficult to remember anything after getting a look at that new body of yours.” Steve surely wouldn’t mind a bit of harmless flirting, but he gave his friend a gentle nudge all the same. “Say, are there any posters of you shirtless? One would look nice hanging across from my bed.”
Bruce pressed his lips together and nodded. That was one thing. Bloody as Romanov, Stark, and Barton's hands were, dangerous as Bruce could be, none of them had ever killed a teammate. He wrapped his arms around himself, looking thoughtful and worried all at once. "Could be me someday, though. Loki has a lot more apparent control of himself, but..." He shook his head. "I can understand where Barton and Coulson are coming from, though. If nothing else, he's an ugly reminder. Romanov, Summers, and Logan, too. Loki's got a lot of work to do before he proves himself to the team. If he can." Bruce huffed out a quiet laugh. "I feel kind of sorry for him. The one bunch who'd even halfway consider taking him in could throw him a lot further than they'll trust him."
Clint nodded at Steve's promise. "I think it's gonna be the only way to get rid of him permanently. His brother's already proven soft on him. We can't let him leave the planet this time," he insisted, then fell silent, poking at his food again. He realized a moment later he was being watched and looked up in time to catch Phil's apologetic smile. He clapped a hand on the man's shoulder. "It's okay. You're just looking out for me," he said, then dug back into his food. They were right. He knew they were, but it ate at him that Loki was still standing. If he'd had just a few more seconds, just a little bit better advantage, or if May hadn't called him off…
"Four AM, sir. Director Fury urgently requests your presence in the main briefing room. He said to suit up."
Clint looked at Coulson, wondering what sort of backup he'd be if his hands were bound, but didn't argue. Things were too surreal. Talking might make it worse.
"Hundred bucks says you weren't watchin' episodes o' Jersey Shore," Logan returned, scarfing down the last of his eggs. He sat still for a moment, looking a little lost, before he returned to the fridge and withdrew a beer. He grinned sheepishly at Scott. "Six o'clock somewhere, right?" He put their dishes away then glanced at his companion. "Get you anything? Coffee? Decaf tea?"
" Tony, take this opportunities to make yourself success in dealling this challenge." Thor greeted Tony with a smile.
“ I am glad T’ Challa isn’t with us. He will be mad why we will drink some alcohol as a beverage.” Tony’s drunk voice came out from his mouth.
“ Oh boys, I never thought I could do it.” Hank’s mind slowly lose its balance and started to act like a walking dead. His reaction was priceless since he couldn’t make straight face while under effect.
“ Don’t worry, I can take care of this business.” Simon switched himself to get f@# by the God of Thunder. Clint grabbed the cheek of the man and gave him some small kiss. Thor seemed to take Clint’s pleasured gasp as a positive response and suddenly stepped back.
Simon was in a much more similar mind set to Hank. He couldn't figure out if this was a good idea or not. Well that wasn't exactly true, he thought this was a bad idea but there was no way he could turn it down. The Avengers were the reason why he became part to be a hero. He didn’t want to serve Baron Zemo and his master of evils. He decides to use his ionic energy powers for good. Filling himself with revenge and delusion doesn’t make him feel satisfied being with the heroes.
Tony slow down his breath before he put his both hands inside, he seemed to know where he was supposed to touch it. As he leaned down on the thick shell, his fingers were seen tackling on its head and it shaped like an antennae. It was rough and hard the way his hands slide smooth on this thing and moreover it had a claws. It took awhile to know what stuff he was stuffing. The Avengers look closely the way Tony was doing the challenge.
“ Okay guys. Please don’t anything that make me peer my pant and I swear you all gonna bust some big laugh at me.” Rhodey felt pressure at the reaction of his teammate.
“ By Odin’s beard, this look like a small living creature.” Thor gasped and releasing his hand out of the box.
“ Oh gosh, this might be the worst thing I ever seen.” Janet anxiously looking at it. But Thor had shown no fear in his mind and determine to touch it without battling an eye.
“ Well you see, Steve. A lot of guys really need some bonding after the whole worldwide treats. We could really use this moment after our last bonding. Steve, everyone knows well your background and your sexual history.” Tony genuinely explained to him, giving him a set of mind.
Scott Lang was there because he once helped the Avengers during the mission. He always get underappreciated despite of his efforts that give them some coordinated where to plan their attacks and strategy. He hoped that night he could enjoy some moment with them.
“ Hey, come on. You can do this, Rhodey.” Tony approached him while his hand slowly tick off the thin layer of the ball. “ Okay, do you get it what object it is? ” Carol confident asked him.
Bucky finished his last sip of the liquor in his glass, setting it on the table in front of him before asking, “Feeling better?”
“ Well, I didn’t mean it my friend. Just stay calm.” Thor gentled smiled before him and they continued it.
They were hesitated and breath heavily with all these energy, Tony realised how deep the cum had dripped each other’s bodies. Thor smiled and licked his lips as he began to rum the thick cum coating his chest.  Steve pushed harder and groan louder as he started.
Despite that, Rhodey’s hands didn’t grab the whole ball and let out his hands while scream out when he felt tickled. His face began to sweat out from his head.
The men all looked at each other while stroking their massive rock hard cocks. All the whole gangs were eagering to know what Steve had in mind, his head was wandering lost and eventually come to sense himself. Thor knew this would work, knew it was right for them all, as a team.
“ Good job, Clint. Let’s hope you are not mad at our tricks.” Tony said with a beaming smile while shaking hand with Clint. He seemed to displease about the way they treated him.
Clint began to grow suspicious and think that the Avengers were trying to scare him, mostly due to their reaction and expression. Steve did not mock him as he knew he was trying to show his support since giving of his ability skills, his smirk smile drew across his face.
“ Oh you are right. Hey guys, let switch some positions right now.” Bucky answered. All movement seemed to stop around them.
Thor continued picked up these insects with both hands through the box. He finally figured out long and started guessing the answer.
As the kiss deepens even more, Simon shifted his hips forward. Sitting snug, stomachs and chests and groins pressed together. Thor’s hard, and even if Clint couldn’t tell from the way they’re positioned, he would from the moan and squeezing grip the move produces. Simon and Thor were a good size as well. The God of Thunder was in a deep kiss with him as his hand explored around the chest. One of Thor’s hands found his nipples, tweaking it sharply, and Simon wrapped around Clint’s cock, letting the whole length stroke it through his mouth.
“ That’s right, Clint. It seemed we got our chance to test your skill.” Steve patted his back while asking him to stand behind the next box.
They were having some times off even when Steve and Tony have a lot of communication including some conflicts or issues. They were always got each other back. Bucky was impressed when Steve had a strong heart to show its compassion and purpose to bring hope for the Avenger. Many peoples and front liners were amazed about his leadership during back to the World War time.
It won’t happen until several months later that one night in the Avengers Tower, the Avengers throw a party to celebrate their recent victories as normal. All of them dressed in a suit, tie and dress like an annual dinner with groom and brides prepared for the ball. The last invasion with Loki and his Asgard villains was quite challenging with an army. But thank to the Avenger’s teamwork and leadership, all the army had surrender and defeated. Men and women were welcomed to have a feast at the bar.
Erik met his gaze, and grinned a little wickedly. “Hank, I think Scott’s response looks interesting ,” he said.
Erik Josten aka Atlas was strangely invited to the Avenger Tower. He was a former criminal villain called Goliath, who constant wanted to take down with the Avengers. Like Simon, he had an ionic energy that can help him to gain channel into augmented strength and durability and the power to grow to gigantic sizes. He didn’t want to show up at first because the Avenger won’t allow him to come since he had a criminal record but Clint insisted him that they were looking for a big guy to give a suck.
“See friends.” Thor said with his big smile. “I was right all along.” The moments this interaction bonds had drew closer to any Avengers they worked with. They were glad to see how every guys got to have their own free fun after doing many missions.
Tony felt confuse with his hand tickling his backhead, he thought he felt enjoyable having to sex with man and women and suddenly he felt like a bad idea when it come to bonding orgy.
“ Is this a porcupine spike ball ?” Rhodey answered, but some of the Avengers nodded their heads. Which mean wrong.
“ Ah a grand idea.” Thor says. “ But first, we should toast a feast for our victory battle cry.” He held the glass in front followed by the other.
“ Yes, I manage to strike Loki and Executioner with my bow explosions shot. Talk about killing two birds with one stone.” Clint laughly enjoyed.
“ Okay, now that Rodney is done, who’s next?” Simon guessed. Carol and Tony were looking at him before they turned to the others and said. “ Well, It’s turn Simon.” Janet pointed him before he got hotshot.
They finally cheered with a loud applause, Janet jumped out from the couch feeling excited and happy. Even Steve and Clint were giving a triple hug together with Tony. Iron Man looked around in the box to see a fake lobster inside the box laying down. They all felt enjoyable to play the game with the team. Even the game was quite challenging to guess what stuff they’re touching. They knew it’s just a game and it looked nothing like how they battle or encounters any dangerous threats or villains during the missions.
Scott Lang would like to have Erik being his soulmates and they started let go from the drink and kiss smooching. The tastes of the alcohol make the guys doesn’t matter if they willing to embrace the anticipate.
Scott just started Hank down face straight. “ I think you could have some spaces with us. ” He was handling Erik with hands grabbing on the hips. He never thought if he could cut in with them.
Finally, everyone was comfortable, settled, Tony and Clint exchange excited glances before he turned his view to the guys "Anyone else want rounds two. We could get use with someone else."
Steve breath out before he put both of his hands through the box without looking down. He determine to do it since many of his teammates had encourage him, he hoped he would not let down and overcome to do the challenge. Just then, Steve was touching something like a soft plushing object. On the bright side, his face turned from anxiety nervous into steadily calm after he knew what stuff he was holding. He squeezed the fabric material which didn’t create some sound. After several touch, he began to release some answers from his mouth.
“ Oh yes, here’s one bottle on the table.” Tony fetched some lube to him as he rubbed some liquid on his hands.
Tony clapped his hands and pulled the sleeve before he deep down his breath to do the challenge. “ Alright, which sides am I suppose to put my hand first ?”
After the event was over, the Avenger girls were leaving the Tower because Janet wanted to show some new fashion outlets with them. This left the guys finally had their moments together, they began to gather in the sitting room one by one. Surprise, some of the Avengers from different team also showed up and former supervillain who becomes Thunderbolt heroes like Atlas was presently during the party.
“ Okay Tony, look like the last box is here for you.” Steve recalled and pulled out the curtain away from the box. They started to release a loud “Ooohhhh” from their mouths. Inside the box had a giant shaped like crab with claws and a small long tail, they didn’t know if this animal was alive or not but the way it looked, it seemed a freshy shell. If they caught a real living sea creature, Namor would be mad at them for killing his own kinds.
“ I am not sure it is poisonous or not? ” Simon guessed while looking at it. A stunned Rhodey went pale when he overheard this. Carol and Janet were covering their mouths from laughing. Man, this was humiliated.
Steve knew given the pressure suggested by his teammates earlier, he decided to give them the information right now. “ Well, how about we do an orgy sex? That’s gonna to get us know more about each other.” Thor kept a big smile on his face the whole time as he reminisced on the many great orgies he's participated in the past.
Hank irritated whether he could join any gang while gesturing with his hands on the other hips. He tried to get someone attention.
Thor's hands were roaming over Simon’s thick butt as he kept bouncing. A moan broke free from his chest, high and sharp. He was close, so close, and he could see his orgasm coming, saw the shape of it, especially how much he was stretching to accommodate Thor's monster cock but it felt absolutely amazing. “ Oh gosh, I am flattening by this move.” Simon was sweating and panting when Thor gave him another hard thrust, shaking with the force of it.
“ Yes, that’s right.” Tony hoped they shouldn’t celebrate too soon as the Mr. Wonderful let out his hand feeling disgusted while shaking his hand out of the dirt. “ Geez, it’s really grossing me out.”
“You're such a whore for cock, Steve,” Clint grins tiredly. He slowly pulls out of Steve's mouth and fists a hand in blonde hair to pull his head back.
“ Here, more cock for you to taste.” Erik leaned down to slide the giant cock into his mouth followed by Simon and Hank while Sam leaned over to kiss the body. The wet heat of his mouth was licking on the tip. He held the other cocks on his hands, giving himself some to suck the skin while moan a bit.
“Mm that’s good.” Simon stroked Clint’s hair as he took him to the base, nose buried in the soft curls at the bottom of his cock, shaking a little. “ Geez keep going , I hope you get enjoy of this ride.” Simon leaded forward to penetrate Thor lower lip, an effort to seek his inner flavour. He grabbed the bicep and slowly squeeze out his sexual tension with Thor holding Simon’s cheek. The sensations were overwhelming: the scent and taste of Thor, the warmth of Simon’s mouth, the muscle flexed he moved, Clint murmuring sweet with his hands holding around the cock while swallowing the tip of the head.
The first brief moment of entry gave Steve some ways, Tony fingered stroked his jaw, gently pulling him away from Steve’s mouth, and Steve felt another cock pressed against his lips. His eyes turned up to see Bucky with a big smile and felt his fingers stroke his lips to encourage them open. Steve took him willingly into his mouth. Bucky’s cock tasted faintly of soap, but he sucked him eagerly, enthusiastically, without reservation because the other guy’s cocks . Bucky threaded his fingers through Steve’s hair and moved his hips , fucking his mouth around the whimpers the others caused.
“Wow guys ,Tonight everybody who come to our party I am glad to say we have a hero who deserved some honour after all this time he lead the inspiration for us.” Tony leaded the applauded for Steve.
“ I know, this is totally going to go madness. ” Hank said. “ Wow, Simon, everyone really needs to feel this.”
“ Oh awwh! Ohhhhh!! ” Janet exclaimed as she saw what’s inside the box while Tony and Clint giggled with laughter. “ Omg, I never seen this one before in my life.” Steve said.
But then Steve had mercy. He looked up at Bucky's open smile and something warm inside of him spread itself out in his body. He loved this smile. Slowly, his eyes locked with Bucky's, he moved upwards, still aware the man, watched every single move he made. Of course, Tony was also his close friend but Bucky’s relationship was what he saw him as precious.
“ Why, because you are quite afraid to put your hand inside just to lose it?” Carol mocked fun at Clint.
Hawkeye was standing in front of the next box as he removed the curtain cloth which revealed another object. This time, he seemed gulp in nervous as he slowly calm himself down since it’s just a game. The Avengers were astonished to see how the marksman archery was going to play out in this challenge. He tried to put his hand inside the small hole of the box. He did not wear his glove while doing it.
“ Look like we finally have our next volunteer.” Simon answered. Janet and Steve also seemed convincing. Hawkeye looked like he got busted and was forced to entertain them in front of everybody.
Hank took a deep breath, and Scott could see the tension under him leave. His smile was weak but joyful when he looked down to kiss the lip of Scott where he wanted it. Erik started fingering Ant-Man harder, making him grunt in pain. He could felt himself stretched open, longing for something thicker, making soft noises that get lost in Hank’s flesh. Erik lifted Scott up while Hank stand behind to shove his lube covered cock inside the small hole of Atlas. He started to push all three together.
There was Hank Pym, also known as Giant Man. Shown up during the party. He wanted to dedicate the Avengers team effort despite suffering from bipolar disorder that cause the misunderstand the team due to his actions. He was lucky that the Avengers still invited him to join the gang together. But he isn’t sure whether if he could bond an orgy? Didn't at least try this and his team fell apart he's never forgive himself. That's just so crazy. This was one of the difficult decisions he had to make and for someone like him that was saying a lot. He couldn't help but wonder what everyone else was thinking.
“ I can’t keep my eyes on it…” Janet whispered toward at Carol who was watching it. Simon can’t help but covered his mouth from laughing out loud. Even Thor found this situation looked entertaining. “ Whoa, Rhodey. Don't be a naughty man.” Tony looked at him.
“ Okay, my hands start to sweat out. I hope I am not to pass out from getting jumpscare.” Tony gulped in his mind. His hand was hovering in the box as he slowly used his fingers to touch it. The transition of the object was smooth and had a hard shell.
Of course, Steve moved between them all. Pulling the buttons, chasing mouths, and stripping out of his shirt, pant and shoes got another hot stripper. He’s the leader, and he’s more than happy to lead the way in getting naked.
“ Just bring any hands in any sides but slow and steady.” Clint gave a shoutout while felt cynicism about it.
“ Oh, it’s so good. I wish to say how every men at first doesn’t want to but with Steve around. We know our desires have made us overwhelmed.” Clint said.
“No, wait, you need to feel this,” Erik said , then hisses as Thor thrusted forward again, still hard inside him. “Thor, stop, let's give Captain a chance as well.”
On the other side, Tony thrust his cock into Steve's ass and Bucky did the same to Sam. Both men moaned at feeling themselves being filled up again. Sam loved Steve's taste so much and it wasn't long before he got a little annoyed with the dick in his way. “ Not feeling amusing with your body shaking ?” Bucky grabbed ahold Sam’s hip and pressing him into the ass. Tony started to increase the speed of thrust to fuck harder into Steve’s little hole. He loved the beautiful sight of his round firm ass giggling every time his pelvis hit him.
Clint's gaze fixed on Coulson like the man was the only thing holding him to reality as Creed seized him by the jaw. Clint's hands rose to pull uselessly at the arm restraining him, his breath hissed through his nostrils as he fought to stay calm. He could feel the mutant's free hand sliding gently down his bared torso, the touches gentle and familiar rather than the harsh groping Clint would have expected. It reminded him of the way Loki had touched him, and Clint squeezed his eyes shut and whimpered softly.
"Seemed like it," Scott agreed. He could hear a fond kind of sorrow in Logan's voice. It hurt but there was hope in it too. They were going to be okay. "You know, I always thought the mansion had its fair share of crazy. As it turns out, this place is at least twice the 'fun'." He sighed heavily and kissed Logan's chest. "Easier to deal with when I have such excellent company."
Natasha and Sif flanked the woman, facing outward, ready for any of the guards to try to interrupt. Though a few of them looked as if they dearly wanted to, it took most of them a little too long to work off the shock. By the time the first man started forward, they were already being met by Hogun and Volstagg. Natasha and Sif met the next wave to think they were good enough to interfere. Natasha smiled grimly as she brought an elbow down onto the neck of an Asgardian. She spared only a glance toward Frigga and Thor to determine that the woman wasn't being inhibited before her attention went back fully to the massive, armored foes.
"I actually can't make any promises. It's been awhile since anyone was here to find out," Phil answered honestly, "but I give you permission to wake me or roll me over if I'm keeping you awake." Phil, who had followed the man's example and stripped down to his boxers, slipped into his side of the bed and urged Clint, "Roll over. You looked like you were about to face a firing squad a minute ago just because you're turned on. Believe me when I say that is never offensive so long as I can claim part of the credit for why. Now lie down and just let me hold you for awhile."
Scott took a few breaths before he finally decided to talk. "Thanks," he said softly. Hoping his voice didn't crack, he ventured, "How's Logan?"
"I got stitches. It was almost dramatic." He pulled his own bottle of pills from his pocket and shook it. "Looks like we'll both have no problem with the sleeping part tonight, though." After a mission, sometimes it was almost better to have gotten a little hurt. The fidgety energy that came along with being constantly on edge for a few hours in a row often made it hard to come down and get proper rest despite being exhausted. "C'mon, I'll walk you to your room - unless you prefer my couch?"
True to his punishment theory, it was not Fury who met them when they landed. Wearing mirrored glasses, the man who was their contact smiled politely and held a hand out, "Mr. Logan, it's a pleasure to meet you. I'm Phil Coulson."
"Uh, yeah," Darien agreed. He was still watching the man like he might pounce at any moment, but it was becoming less likely that the stranger was there to kill him. "I've heard, but that doesn't quite clear up why I'm involved." He wasn't an idiot. The gland, of course, was what had the blood-covered man so interested. "If your bosses know what I can do, they also know about the maintenance that goes along with this whole thing, right? The shots? Because I can come along and play nice, but..." He held up his arm and indicated the tattoo on his arm, already half red. "Once this baby goes fully into the red, I'm not such a fun guy to have around anymore. Or a more fun guy depending on your point of view."
Bruce quietly followed Steve and Tony toward the hangar, not missing the changed energy between the two men. Deciding to save any quips about it for a less tense moment, he opted for a different topic, "So, that Logan guy... went through his files. Seems a little crazy."
Tony felt himself losing the fight despite his best efforts. His head was spinning and his body ached. Thoughts raced through his mind, many of which Tony was not proud of. They struggled to burst forth even as he tried in vain to suppress them. "I'm not... denying anything," he said through gritted teeth. Sweat glistened all over his body, which warmed with the effort of his fight against the drug. "I... he's... I..." As if bursting for air after being underwater too long, Tony gasped, "I want to fuck him!"
At first Steve was sure that Tony would stop any minute. He'd get some lube, and he'd give in, and they'd both leave happy. Instead Tony seemed to have gotten it into his head to drive Steve completely out of his mind. He twitched against the sheets, his cock dripping. Finally Steve reached for Tony's hair and grabbed at it. "S-stop, I... please, Tony, I want you inside me, please." The shaky, breathless words were lost in another gasp as Tony's tongue rolled inside of him again. "Please!"
Clint felt his stomach clench in fear, and he sat up like a shot next to Nat, face noticeably pale. "Sir, maybe I - "
It was, really. It was nothing against Victor, really, but Loki felt no need to gaze into the man's eyes or anything so ridiculous. He wanted to get fucked into the mattress. He rubbed himself back against Victor's thick cock and felt his breath catch at the feeling. The slick heft of it was promising to say the least. "Yes, this should do rather nicely." The pressure-points of pain where Victor's claws dug in were sharp but dulled soon to a lower throb of sensation that felt surprisingly like desire. "At least it will once you stop thinking and start fucking me."
Tony whimpered faintly before he managed to stop himself as Steve worked his neck. It was a sensitive spot for him. "I'd... Uhm... I seem to be getting distracted." Managing to leverage some of the ridiculous brain power he had at his disposal, Tony finally remembered where the item in question was and pulled open a small compartment hidden in the sundeck above the back seats. He shoved a small bottle of lube into Steve's hand as he shifted against the other man's cock. "Pretty well put-together for a loaner," Tony finally managed. It wasn't just that, though. Steve's serum-enhanced body was just the outside aligning to match the man Steve was: a hero. Tony wondered briefly if he was good enough to be with Steve in the first place. It was nothing to do with looks; Tony knew he was attractive to pretty much everyone on the planet that liked men. He just couldn't shake the feeling that he was a borderline villain just waiting for a relapse.
"I'll see if I can get you something for those." He'd seen the look on Bucky's face at the question. "It's not just about memories. It's about you. Thoughts, behaviors... anything different, good or bad. No judgment, I just need to know."
Thor clenched his teeth together at the hurt look in Loki's eyes. //All of this is my fault.// The thunder god couldn't help but blame himself. He'd hurt his brother in ways that couldn't be undone, and all for the sake of his image. He'd let his friends kick Loki around, and when the moment of truth had come, Thor had lied by omission and denial. He had loved Loki; he'd just been afraid to admit it to anyone. Even himself. Thor opened his mouth to deny the accusations, but the words stopped cold on his tongue when Loki changed the subject. Without thinking, he placed a hand on Loki's shoulder and promised, "I will speak for you, brother."
"Hey, okay. Fine. But when you're ready to quit playing Mad Libs with your memories, just come ask. I know a guy." He looked at his water glass, then grudgingly picked it up. "So, if I finish my veggies, can I have more cake?"
Down in the war room, Natasha's expression was grim. But Natasha's expression was always grim. "It's Hydra."
The feeling of Logan rocking hard into him left Scott gasping and wanting more. He met Logan's gaze. Scott lost himself in the vibrant hazel of Logan's eyes and the fact that they were actually looking into one another's. He wasn't hidden behind lenses, shielded from and apart from everyone and everything. Being exposed was still difficult in the field. It still felt too vulnerable. With Logan it felt like perfection. Maybe it was because he'd spent so long hiding and holding back that being with someone so blissfully unleased suited him. Not that it mattered either way. It just was. "And you're the sexiest person I've ever gone to bed with. Possibly ever seen."
"But never to love me either." It was his turn to flinch, and Loki hated that he felt so exposed, so ragged after his time with Stark. It was usual for him to get under the skin of those around him. It was unusual for someone to get so deeply under his. "Nevermind. We both know the answer to that. I'd rather not hear more. If you wish to see me live through this, speak for me. Stark will, as much as he is able. Do the same, and perhaps I may yet live to see another day despite Agent Barton's strong conviction that I should be breathing far less than I am currently."
Tony could feel his stitches strain a little even under Steve's partial weight, but they didn't hurt, and he ignored the protesting injuries. He gasped shakily as their cocks ground together perfectly, his hips pressing up into Steve's. "Have to agree," he breathed, grabbing Steve's ass and pulling his hips down as he thrust upwards. Tony's hands mauled his lover's ass as he relished the slide of their bodies together, leaning up for another slow, teasing kiss.
Tony couldn't help the faint laugh at that. "Yeah, it's gonna be awkward as hell. I vote we sit on the opposite side of the room." He paused. "Though we may have to show up early if we want those seats," he decided, then shook his head. "That is, if anyone else shows up. I do feel kinda sorry for him." He paused, looking uneasy. "He... I told him I didn't want him to tell you about... well. And he kinda gave me a secret as a sort of hostage, I guess, to make me believe he wouldn't. Since that's out of the bag... I don't want this going around the tower, but..." Tony took a deep breath, realizing he was rambling again. "Apparently... Thor kinda broke his heart. Like, romantically."
Clint gritted his teeth, looking away. "You son of a bitch," he grated out, yanking worthlessly against his cuffs.
"Nice of you to notice." The next thrust made Tony wince, but the Soldier didn't slacken his pace for a second. He had his orders. The point was to debase the man as much as possible and leave him a wreck. That was all that mattered. He ignored the other man's pained groans as he thrust hard and fast into the body that had been so willing a moment before. "What do you think finding you like this will do to your hero, Mr. Stark?"
“He’s got the wheels in motion. As it turns out, even SHIELD isn’t all that good at saying no to Captain America,” Phil answered as took a seat next to the bed. “They still want to keep you overnight. Observation. It’s standard protocol, and it seemed like a good idea.” He had no idea whether Bucky knew Steve was currently in their shared suite making dinner for Tony, but he knew that Bucky passing through in the middle of it was a bad idea on a few dozen different levels. “In the meantime, it seemed cruel and unusual to leave you with no one to talk to.”
Coulson poured a liberal splash of milk into his coffee before addressing Clint again. "I've got a meeting with Fury in ten to go over Logan's report. You're welcome. Captain Rogers and Stark obviously won't be present." He gave Darien an apologetic smile. "Sorry, your clearance isn't quite there yet."
"I know," she answered firmly, her eyes locked with Clint's. "If anyone can, it's the Avengers." The team was fragmented and messy, but Natasha still had faith in them. She'd seen them come together from nothing, and she'd seen them come out more or less intact. Healing could come after the mission. Slowly she sat up, head spinning with the movement. "Let's get this done."
Tony obliged, relishing the way Steve writhed in answer. He waited until Steve stilled before repeated the process several times until watching the man squirm just wasn't enough. Tony withdrew his fingers and slicked some lube over himself before shifting to stand directly behind Steve, letting his cock rest between his lover's ass cheeks. "Ready for me?" he asked, shifting his hips lightly to tease them both.
May considered dragging the fight out, but she could see the wisdom of retreat as well. "Barton," she snapped when Clint wasn't immediately in line to exit the room.
Victor took his time, doing everything he could to draw any sounds he could from his victim. It wasn't easy. Phil wasn't as soft as the mutant had expected, but that just meant he'd be more fun.
Logan had to fight not to smirk at that a little. //Don't encourage 'im.// "So, Steve, what about this demi-god o' yours? We talkin' about something like Magneto, or is this one o' those deals where I'm gonna get turned inside-out a few times before we win?"
"Don't worry, none of us trust him further than we can throw him. Well, I don't. Cap's good at following orders, and Bruce just sort of keeps his head in the books. Thor doesn't really have an opinion. Maybe because he views us all as overdeveloped insects." Tony paused. "Okay, so maybe I'm the only one who has the paranoia, but that means you and I have something in common."
"Please tell me you're joking," Clint said, sporting a world-weary frown. Phil had a penchant for jibbing him with deadpan humor. Clint would have normally appreciated the attempt at levity. But his main focus of worry was Bucky Barnes doing exactly that: going berserk and killing someone. "Because if you're serious about bringing in someone fresh, we're both going to have our hands full keeping Fitz safe."
Natasha saw the way Scott writhed at the words, at Logan taking him. Apparently it hadn't been just Loki's influence that allowed Scott to enjoy Clint's attentions. He was usually less than gentle with the guys he hooked up with as Scott's bruises attested. She filed the information away. Maybe it would make Clint feel at least moderately less horrible about the whole incident. She slid two fingers inside herself as Logan teased Scott with slow and careful to start things off.
"Same here. And I don't haveta worry about 240 pounds of Captain America rolling over on me," he added. While having a metal skeleton meant outweighing even Steve by a solid amount, the guy sleeping on his arm hadn't felt good. He pressed his lips to Scott's hair. "'Sides, you're cuter." His voice roughened a little as he added, "And I like the way you moan when I talk dirty to ya."
Jemma stretched up and placed a quick kiss on Bruce's cheek, then looked entirely pleased with herself despite being red as a beet. They'd already established that a second date was a foregone conclusion. It seemed reasonable to assume that at least that small gesture might not be amiss. She hoped. Jemma cast a nervous glance Bruce's way. "I know that I need to get you back so that you can rest and prepare and... well, thank you for giving me such a big piece of the time you had today. With a place like this, time is probably the most valuable commodity we have."
Victor didn't take long to get himself off, his claws digging into Phil's hips as he came, growling his pleasure. As he finally stilled, he smirked, nipping at Phil's neck and drawing away. With a smirk, he unfastened Phil's cuffs and tossed the key on the floor beside his captive. They didn't need to be cuffed to keep them from escaping. "I'll be back for him later," he said, jerking his head toward Clint. He gave Phil a smack on the ass before slipping out of the cell.
Finally decided, Steve looked down, shrugged and answered, "Yeah. It's not weird where I come from, you know?" He looked up to check if Tony understood at all. "I wasn't married, I wasn't in love, so... it never happened." Tony could call him "old man" as often as he liked, but he'd just celebrated his twenty-fifth birthday if you happened not to count the years he'd spent buried in the ice. Steve was fighting hard not to feel weird about being a virgin. Once upon a time, that would have been considered a noble thing, the moral thing. "Things are so different now, it's hard to find somebody. Even if I did, there's not many people who get it." The painful truth was that Steve simply wasn't sure he could find that deep a connection with someone considering how few people really understand what he'd been through.
Logan glanced at Nat, then noted where she was looking and that she was smiling. He raised his eyebrows at her with a faint smile, indicating the two men in the front seat with a slight, questioning jerk of his head. It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that she was trying to hook them up. Unless, apparently, you were Clint Barton. Then it was fucking cuneiform.
"Again I am forced to wonder why it is you're not dead," Loki returned, not even bothering to look at Coulson. He only had eyes for the hammer. "That was forged by my people - my true people - and it would be a very good time for you to return it."
"Fuck you, Logan. It was NSync," Scott countered, nuzzling into Logan's embrace just the same. He fell asleep happy and sticky and ridiculously relaxed. He managed, for once, to wake the same way. There was no panic. He'd had no bad dreams at all. Scott smiled and shifted. He also felt a little gross, but a morning shower could take care of that. Carefully he edged away from Logan and padded into the bathroom, turning on the water and stepping under it with a sigh of relief.
"Keep it slow," Scott warned, "or this is gonna be over way, way too soon." The hot, urgent touch of Logan's hand all but made him see stars, and Scott forgot to keep trying to kick off his underwear in favor of wrapping his hand around Logan and returning the favor. "Remind me next time that I really want to suck you off."
"I'm glad you do," Steve returned, looking down at Tony's hand resting against his own and felt a nervous flutter from the vicinity of his own heart. "You should be resting for now, but... but someday I'd like to know what your heart does want." It was the closest he could come to inviting Tony to speak his mind without taking things so far that they could never go back. For now Steve knew Tony probably needed a friend and a teammate more than anything else. "Anyway, I've got a meeting with Natasha and Fury this afternoon. I guess she's heard something finally."
Steve let out an entirely undignified sound and buried his face against Tony's neck. Touching him, holding him even with their clothing in the way and knowing he smelled like the inside of a gym bag, was perfection. The tears came, and he squeezed his eyes shut to ignore everything but the way it felt. "Love you. Tony, I love you so much." There were a million other things to say and ask and know, but none of them mattered until they could be alone.
Phil hadn't watched most of the movie. He kept looking down at Clint. Watching his face move and his fingers twitch was fascinating. Soothing. He lifted one calloused hand to his lips to kiss it and let the sense of real peace wash over him. The three of them were together and safe. Healthy and sound would come later, but Phil knew that together they could manage all of it. He was fairly certain that he'd sleep a lot better that night.
"Good thing I've seen your medical records." Coulson turned the burners down and led Clint by the wrist into the bathroom, where he held the cut under water and applied Neosporin before pressing a band aid it. "I'm petty sure you would have lost a limb to sheer neglect by now if it wasn't for Natasha and I." On his own, Clint wasn't prone to taking any sort of care of himself. "Now, let's go finish dinner before you slice off another finger. That would make it harder to hold the fork."
"Considering he put his tiny little labrat soul into making them able to help me in the first place, I'd call that a little mean," Tony said with his usual flippant grin. The armor slid away from one of his hands and he offered it to Steve, knowing just how small the blonde must have felt next to him. "C'mon, gorgeous. I've got a team to lead and you've got a bunch of people to convince I'm not just keeping you strapped to my bed."
Steve hadn't been expected something quite so blunt off the bat, and it took him a second to formulate a reply. "First of all, I'm not gay. I'm attracted to men and women. Secondly, I haven't been hiding anything. Not anymore. I'm sure we're all aware that when I was first in the media spotlight, being anything but straight was frowned on, so I kept things quiet back then. One of the most amazing things to me seeing how society has changed has been seeing how accepting people can be. I know they aren't all that way, and it's not all perfect, but it's a long way from what I knew. So, no, there hasn't been any hiding. To be honest, last night's the first time since I woke up that I've had the time to just sit back and have a little fun."
Tony squeezed Steve a little tighter, then loosened his hold, still a little scared of hurting the blonde. "Yeah. Yeah, you are, and it feels good," he decided, trying to take his mind off the terror he'd felt when they'd trucked Steve's near-lifeless form past him in the cell block. He felt tears roll down his cheek, and he bit his lip, taking a deep breath. He smiled faintly as he stroked a hand over Steve's slender shoulder, down his arm. "You feel perfect against me."
“ Well, is this challenge is only for men ?” Tony asked which remaining Avengers had yet to play the game.
But this time, their response reacted with cheerful smile and joy with fist held firmly together. “ That’s correct. You finally did it, Steve.” Tony congratulated. Carol and Rhodey gave a wink smile at Steve. He looked around and saw inside the box was a Captain America plush toy that can bought from the gift store. He seemed pleased to see a plush toy of himself.
“ My final answer could be a small crickets.” This time Thor sounded more convinced. Their reaction were priceless before they released a thunderous shout.
“ Simon, can you switch places with me? ” Thor said wisely. “I haven’t had a man this close to continue screwed .”
“Wait.” He was suddenly interrupted by Steve, pulling Thor back to reality. “Are you suggesting we have an...orgy after that?” Captain America asked curiously for the answer.
The God of Thunder slowly stretched his arms before he dug one hand into the small hole box. He tried to grab something that’s is so fuzzy, a cylindrical body like beetle that so slippery filled with disgusting dirt.
“ That’s right. Just put your hands inside the hole and make sure you gotta to touch it.” All the other Avengers were eagered to see it.
“ I don’t want to get touched with this sticky stuff on my body.” Rhodey looked revulsion at Wonder Man.
He put his hand on the plate before he leaped out and felt tickling. His hand seemed to have a weird, smelly sense he sniffed. “ Eww, What’s that ?” Simon looked toward the Avengers.
“ He is Captain America. He deserved every men to get pound with him.” Simon relived his dick toward Steve’s face.
The Avengers were astonished with joy. They glad he managed to win this challenge despite the tantrum remarked. Clint looked around to the front to see inside the box have a spiky jelly on a plate. He turned to them thinking he might get tricked under the Loki’s spell.
Hank and Simon managed to snag a condom and roll it on themselves which make Clint huff out an almost soundless laugh.
Tony had to shove back the cold swell of fear the words inspired. He didn't ask about them. Loki seemed set on keeping his promises in his own weird way, and Tony felt safe assuming they were alive. Details he didn't want. "Considerate," he said, trying to keep his bluff in. He wasn't sure how much Loki could read off of him, if the god could see his worry for his friends. The billionaire had tugged his pants back on in Loki's absence but hadn't bothered with anything else. He'd settled into Loki's armchair, managing to nibble at the food a little more. "So are you gonna keep turning bluer?"
"Says you," Fitz countered as he settled back in at the keyboard. A minute later, his stomach rumbled, and he looked plaintively up at Simmons. "I don't suppose-"
Tony couldn't bite back the soft moan that escaped him as Steve pressed back against his hand, inadvertently creating friction against his cock. "Good," he murmured, admiring his lover's body, taut as a bowstring as he strained for more. Tony slipped another finger into Steve, working him open. Each thrust of his digits pushed them a little deeper, and Tony smirked as he found Steve's prostate. He gave the sensitive spot a slow stroke, dark eye fixed closely on Steve's face.
"I've heard some nutty stuff about what these people can do," Clint said, sobering a little. He had to remember that they weren't necessarily wandering into friendly territory. "I mean, not that our bunch doesn't already do some crazy stuff, but... I hear they have a guy made of metal. And not in the Tony Stark sense. Just not getting turned inside-out would be great. Then I'll worry about the being listened to part." He paused. "Maybe you should knock on the door, and I can cover you from a distance."
Steve smiled as their lips parted again, holding Tony's face gently in his hands. He could see everything Tony didn't know how to say and felt his heart flutter in his chest. "Y'know how I warned you I could get used to this? I think maybe I already have." Even if they were at times almost painfully different and decades apart, they fit. They evened each other out. He stole another kiss. Steve took it as far as he dared without risking Tony's stitches and his own tenuous self control. "You have no idea the things I'm gonna do to you once you've got a clean bill of health..."
//We were a mess together,// Logan reflected, fingers regretfully tracing a bruise. "Might've been a little awkward, cuddlin' in front o' all those agents," he admitted with a smirk, his hands resting on Scott's hips, teasing the crease between his hip and thigh with his thumbs. He sucked and licked lightly at the smaller man's collar bone, enjoying the low thrum of arousal as Scott shifted against him in a way that was distractingly intimate.
"I'm afraid the Captain wasn't able to make it." The overhead lights flickered to life and illuminated the room - a simple cell with little more than the slab on which Tony was strapped. The soldier flicked a switch near the door and the metal contraption tilted so that Tony could see him better. "But we'll make sure he sees everything. A feed is being patched in to SHIELD headquarters as we speak. You two seem close, so we felt sure you wouldn't mind sharing. Or showing off a little," he added with a nod to Tony's body in case the man hadn't fully registered his nudity.
Almost before the words left Tony's lips, Steve's shield slammed into his attacker's back. He grabbed it just in time to send it flying toward Mystique, but the woman ducked out of the way and rolled back to her feet with inhuman grace. She paused to blow him a kiss. "It's adorable that you think that's all it's going to take." Hips swinging, she moved in closer, ignoring Steve and Tony while their attention was focused on Victor. "I was really hoping to get to talk to you," she purred to Bruce. "Loki's told me so much. None of it good, which just makes it more interesting."
Logan growled his pleasure as their tongues dueled. "Love seeing you like this," he murmured between kisses. "Needy and out o' control." His breath puffed hot and hard against Scott's neck as he loosened the man up and slowly worked another finger into his body. "You just act controlled, but you're really a little slut for me, aren't ya?" Scott had responded well enough to some rough talk before, and Logan was curious to see if it still held true.
Seeing the look on Clint’s face, Phil offered gently, “I understand your concern, Barton. I really do. I just think there’s a bigger picture and a bigger mission. I think we owe Barnes a chance. Go get some sleep. You can go back to crawling through the ductwork in the morning.”
"When you put it that way, it sounds so romantic," Scott answered with a chuckle. Logan would never be a poet, but he was a good guy. They spotted a likely bench with no hobos clustered on it, and he sat down, dragging Logan with him. He barely let the man's solid bulk settle before leaning in for a kiss. They both tasted like wings and beer and smelled like stale cigarettes, but it didn't matter. Scott let the light rush of touching Logan where anyone could come across them flush the rest of the concerns from his system.
"About half as good as you look all hot and hard and... why exactly am I not flat on my back yet?" It didn't matter how fast they were going, it still didn't feel like enough. Scott shuffled away just long enough to kick free of hisunderwear before plopping down next to Logan and dragging him into another kiss by the hair. He hadn't missed the way Logan thrilled every time he said something dirty. "I want you to get me ready, and then I want you to fuck me."
He didn't bother with greetings or to acknowledge their remaining prisoner. "Did Jimmy say anything? Did he mention me?" he wanted to know.
Simmons beat Fitz to the punch by seconds. "You are fantastic. I'm starving," she assured Steve with a blinding smile before selecting a half sandwich and a bag of sour cream and onion chips from the pile.
"Tell me if I need to stop," Logan answered, slowly working the digit in and out. It didn't take much for his mind to drift to what it would be like to be inside that tight heat, and he groaned softly. He was pretty sure that if Scott actually told him to stop, he'd lose it. He dove in for another kiss, using the moment to distract Scott a little as he slowly eased another finger into his lover.
Steve's eyes widened, but he had enough sense to process the words for a few moments before he finally ventured, "Oh. That's... new." He fell silent, working the idea over. It made sense for Tony, really, but he had a difficult time picturing Pepper agreeing to that. Then again, maybe it was the only way to make things work at all with Tony. The idea made him sad for reasons he didn't really want to delve into. "I don't think that... um, that's what I'm looking for. Not that it's bad, I mean, if it works for you," Steve added hurriedly, ever conscious of being polite to his host. "I just want somebody who cares about me. Just me. That's really the only way I know how to think about it." He couldn't help but wonder, and soon the question was spilling from his lips, "Does it happen often? Finding someone... uh... interesting?"
"Obviously, the whole thing was a secret. Loki decided he didn't want to be a skeleton in Thor's closet. Well, he thought he wouldn't be eventually, that they'd be ruling Asgard together," Tony explained, relieved in a way that Steve was asking questions, that someone else might actually understand why Tony could feel at least a little sympathetic toward Loki after all the trickster had done. "He let Thor know that he wanted more, and I guess his brother just cut him loose without a word."
There was a certain logic to that. A logic that Coulson doubted the doctors would agree with. Still, he pushed himself away from the wall. "You might owe some people some new radiology equipment or something." Coulson headed down the hall, determined to find someone who could get Steve out. He didn't trust Tony to see to his own health, but he knew that the man wouldn't push Steve. If Tony thought he was ready to leave, he probably was. It took longer than Coulson would have liked, but eventually he made his way back to Steve's room to find Tony at the man's bedside again. He couldn't help smiling at the pair of them sitting together looking comforted just by the proximity. "I've secured a release date." It was worth it just to see Steve smile and look like he really, actually meant it. "The deal is you have to stay with Tony and you have to keep on schedule with your meds. Thankfully not a single doctor was willing to imply that Steve Rogers would refuse to follow the rules."
"Yes," Natasha agreed. She'd already checked with Jarvis to find out where they were - Coulson's suite, naturally. She needed to see them both, to see real, honest evidence that they were back and whole. The fact that they hadn't come out on their own made her edgy. Whatever had happened, it had been more than just captivity. Natasha had seen both men bounce back in less than an hour from that. She swallowed the uneasy feeling in the pit of her stomach and walked silently next to Thor to the elevator. No motion betrayed her feelings, though someone who knew the woman well might have spotted the faintest hint of tension around her mouth. She knocked heavily on Coulson's door as soon as they reached it.
"Well, now you won't be able to get away from it." Steve managed a smile as he held on tighter. "Pretty soon I'll be back to regular shape, and I can pick you up and actually keep you from leaving the bedroom again." He blushed and ducked before resting his forehead against Tony's. "Sorry. I'm guessing that I'm not the only one who could use a shower, and you probably need rest. Y'know, what with recovering from being dead and all. That has to be tiring." //It sure was for me.//
Tony climbed out of the car with easy grace, walked briskly past the two men waiting, and handed his key over to the valet standing behind them. "No scratches, kid. Put 'er somewhere safe. Or don't. It's insured." He turned to face Steve and Logan, jerking a thumb back toward the very high-priced looking building behind him. "The Running Horse. Good place."
Mystique snorted at the boys trying to keep Victor at bay. "He's like a rabid house cat when he's like this. They're not going to have an easy time of it." She tilted her head, yellow eyes taking Bruce's measure and reading his obvious struggle. "You can help them if you like. I really didn't mean to wake the beast, but I'm curious to see what you can do. What do you say, Mr. Banner? Shall we let the Hulk attend the party?"
That was good because Steve was way too far gone to think about what he was doing. He could only react to the feeling of Tony slowly edging into him and stretching him wider with every thrust. "Love... love everything... everything you do, everything," he managed at last. It wasn't quite the romantic declaration he might've preferred, but it was something. It was words strung together mostly coherently, which Steve thought was a miracle as Tony found his prostate on one of the deliciously slow, rocking pushes inside his body and ground against it. "Right... there..."
"None that I'm willing to go on record about," Coulson answered enigmatically. He half wished he did have a mutation or two. It would have made the grunt work he took on a lot easier, but Coulson was happy to do it. There were flashier ways to live. He relished the knowledge that he kept the machine running even if it felt like a chore some days. "I'd offer to be your bartender for the evening again, but now that we're supposed to keep an eye on the Logan situation, I think that would be even more ill advised than it would have been before. Besides, Nat might be feeling better before you know it."
Logan tugged Scott into a gentle kiss. "Look, darlin'... what you get yer jollies from in bed... maybe that's part o' who you are, but it don't define you," he said, pressing their foreheads together. "I don't think any less o' you. What happens in here stays in here, alright?" He didn't want Scott to feel awkward for liking the things he did. Sometimes people that in control needed someone to take that away from them, and the bedroom was an easy place for that to happen.
Logan had to fight not to flinch away when Loki reached for him. He watched the god's eyes as Loki did whatever he was doing. Logan wondered absently how SHIELD would deal with him if they found out about it. //If we even get out of this...// Logan tensed a little as a few flashes of what must have been memories flickered at the periphery of his mind, but it was nothing that he could make sense of. The longer Loki held onto him, the more intense the flickers got, filling his senses with hallucinations, and Logan made a half-hearted effort to pull away. The god's hands didn't budge; Loki didn't even seem to notice that Logan was trying to pull away. The images faded a moment later, and Logan relaxed once more. "You about done? This is startin' to get weird, you holdin' onto my face like this," Logan pointed out, more than ready to have the whole show over with.
"That's all we saw," Coulson explained, sounding none-too-pleased to have so little to give. "That's all we know."
Jemma smiled in return and agreed, "No, I suspect he doesn't. In time, we might find other means to control - if the need arose, of course. Something temporary. Like the muzzle that Thor used before? I've seen pictures. But less invasive, perhaps. A collar? Something to dampen whatever it is he uses to..." She cast around for a better way to put it and finally rolled her eyes. "Whatever he uses to cast spells and fiddle with people's minds." The young women gave Bruce a warning look. "It isn't magic. It isn't. But the terminology seems apt."
"Mr. Barton, I think it best you find other ways of flirting with danger," Hank suggested, glancing back as a series of explosions rattled the walls. He glanced at Coulson. "This structure is solid, I hope?"
"It's not my fault. He's like a big, furry teddy bear." Steve shrugged his shoulders and backed up, hands held up in a gesture of surrender before he disappeared into the bathroom. It felt like heaven to let the hot water cascade down over him. As the adrenaline wore off, Steve finally began to realize how tired he was. He'd been tense the entire time, worried about his team and about Loki and about whether they could recover the stupid hammer. Though he was still worried for the portion of the team who remained under wraps and for Clint, who'd obviously had too much contact with the hammer, Steve felt better knowing they'd gotten home in one piece. No one was badly hurt. No one had fallen completely apart. By the time he emerged from the bathroom he was tired, damp, but happy. "Naked enough? I'm pretty sure there's nothing else I can take off."
Clint smiled, feeling relieved. "I'm really alright with that. And a movie. Something stupid and pointless. Like Monty Python stupid. Or Space Balls stupid," he decided before settling back and pulling the two close to him again. "One of us can get up and get it in a second." It felt too good to have the two people closest to him wrapped around him to let them get up immediately.
Loki found himself surprised once more and laughed aloud at the sensation. "You have to stop doing that. No one..." He shook his head then rolled it against the pillow to get a better look at Tony. "I honestly don't know that anyone else will care overly much if I turn into a blue-skinned freak. Or, for that matter, if I happen to die. As for the former, I intend to conceal it... at least for now." Sitting up, he looked down at himself. It took a moment's thought to leech the blue from his skin and leave it glowingly pale once more. Loki rose and began dressing with careful deliberation. "I think I would prefer to face the Avengers clothed. You may want to do the same, though it seems a shame to cover you."
They all look over at him laying down on the couch. Hank touched Simon’s face and making out passionately, while his hands wrapped around his body playing over the nipple. At the same time Simon was holding Hank's lower lips apart to allow his tongue deeper access.  Both men moaned at feeling themselves being sucked up again. The men were all soon entranced by the sight.
“ Anyway, what would you like to say. You all think this actually helped ?” Steve tired asked on the couch.
“ Hey not so fast, how about another round.” Bucky started to fill the glasses once again. Eventually, they repeat the cycle and now they're five shots in as the booze was starting to take affect. Two liquor bottles had finished emptily out and the men had never felt so high in the sky before. Everyone was feeling more relaxed and slowly embrace this whole idea.
They wind up in a tangled heap, everyone trying to touch each other. Tony and Steve joined along with Bucky and Sam to grind in. Steve’s head thrown back to rest against Sam’s shoulder, his arms wrapped around him from behind and allowed himself to insert the length of his cock, felt the heat around the body while wrapped his lips around behind Sam with his hands holding the head as he thrust. Tony was kissing the neck of the winter soldier who was grabbing Steve’s hip to pound.
“ Wow, I like how Steve can continue to pull this move. It won’t be long if we all gather around to give him some tastes.” Tony continued to hold Steve’s hip.
A huge smile spread across Thor's face as his head filled with memories. “ We find pleasure in our shield-brothers’ bodies to soothe the blood lust of an unsatisfying battle. I propose we should invited all the best gentlemen for a bar party for our celebrate mission in stopping Loki’s invasion and yet you are the best leadership in handling the team since you are a World War 2 …”
He cried out sharply as Erik gave a particularly hard thrust, and nearly screamed when they repeated the motion even harder. “ Scott, I don’t take things lightly. Since I am a big guy with the power man, you better hold your mouth.” Erik said. Scott tossed his head and arched his back, pulling himself further out and thrusting back in just as deep.
Hank and Scott were on the bar table with Scott let his tongue slide the cock under Hank, The push and pull of his cock inside always sent him soaring however something was pulling him from that pleasure. Erik was being quite vocal about how he was enjoying himself.
“ Tony, Clint is kinda headstrong. He won’t care if you make fun of him in front of people.” Steve understood about Clint’s response.
“ Come on, Scott. This is getting so fun.” Erik shoved his giant cock into Scott and slowly opened its hole to enter in. His legs wrapped around his shoulder, pulling him closer to his opening and played with his own nipples.
" Oh well, here we go again." Steve was so happy that this might actually worked. The team was closer then ever, working together in the field and getting along at home. He never been proud to take the title of the team, a smile on his face.
This was not to say Simon and Hank had drank so much would be an understatement, those guys weren’t a strong drinker therefore it was assumed that they could get easily dozed despite drank it dry.
Tony wouble and grabbed Steve by the shirt to pull him closer. “ Listen, mate. I can’t wait to shove your throat and see how that feel ?”
Tony was pulling the napkin curtain away from the big box. Which revealing some object inside the hole of the box. Both side of the box revealing some small holes cutter so that the player could go through his or her hand inside to touch the object while guessing it. The heroes who watched the challenge were Thor, Clint, Rhodey , Carol, Simon and Janet. They were siting on the couch and chair in the living hall to watch the reaction of Steve. They knew he was a super-serum soldier, despite trying to make him felt the nerve every time he put his hands into the hole to play the game.
Tony decided to tell Janet that it will great idea and gave them some treats. “ Alright guys, who’s ready for the Shawarma ? Because that’s the place we are going.” The Avengers were cheering as they headed out from the living hall.
" Great, because I am about to bring some liquor for all of you to enjoy." Tony pour out some liquor into the glass.
“ Come On, Steve. I know you can do it. After all, you’re the one who can defeat the nazis, fight the giant monster or take out some supervillains. There is no way you are gonna to get scare out this small things.” Tony said.
Thor could hear Clint’s laughing and Simon let out an impressive moan, but then things get muffled. He was holding the archer’s back while giving him some gangbang .
“ Whatever you do, do not aggravated into this or try to punch its shell.” Carol gave a warning to Tony as his fingers touched one of its muscular tails, he released a jumpscares and tip toes his legs while doing so.
“ Bucky, I am not sure how many of you are gonna to give me some gangbangs? ” Steve seriously questioned.
"And he will be. Mr. Summers is a valuable asset, and if we can keep him here by cutting down a little coursework..." Coulson shrugged casually and met Logan's gaze. "We were able to work with you to that end. I thought offering Mr. Summers the same courtesy was the least we could do."
Scott didn't like pissing people off. Battles of wills and sparring matches were one thing. Logan looking at him like he was the enemy was something else, something he'd seen too often at the end of his time with Jean. He didn't want to screw things up and lose the man, but he was starting to worry that he already had.
Tony opened his mouth to agree, but only a shaky, hitched gasp escaped. He'd done more than dream about Steve, and it was something he had to figure out how to tell his lover. The words were like a knife, but the feeling of the blonde pressed against him was enough to wipe out the hurt. "I... oh, Steve," he groaned, feeling the edge nearing. Every shift of his lover's hips, his hand, drove another moan from Tony, and soon he was cumming hard over his lover's fingers, gasping out Steve's name mingled with curses and moans of pleasure.
Bruce smiled faintly. He knew how well adapted Steve was to modern technology. Which was to say, he wasn't. Still, the man had more or less been living in Tony's lab, no doubt trying to get the suit to work. And no doubt trying to be as close to Tony's memory as he could. "If we had a little more time, I'd suggest Fitz find a way to adapt that nanotech he developed for Tony's last..." He trailed off for a moment. "His last suit," he finished quietly. Clearing his throat, he looked up. "Well, it might help Steve with the healing a little."
The idea was surprisingly enticing. Steve murmured his pleasure at the idea and bared his neck to Tony. "Maybe you should leave a couple more, then." He had no idea whether he'd be in his more vulnerable form forever or not, but if it was temporary, he wanted to take the opportunity to be marked as thoroughly as he could be. Eyes sparkling, Steve hooked a leg around Tony's thighs as if to discourage him from moving away. "Let's make sure everybody knows I'm taken."
Dark eyes moved back to the pair. "So you're building it for the knuckle-dragging savage with questionable allegiances? Bruce, when did SHIELD switch to off-brand geniuses?"
"We're taking him," Steve answered firmly. Though very few forces on earth could have persuaded him to divulge what had happened between the three of them over the course of the evening, it wasn't as if anyone would put that together from them simply showing up in the same place at the same time. "Did you have a specific place in mind?" he asked Tony, sure that the man had some private physician he could be whisked away to with minimal invasiveness from the press.
Logan quirked an eyebrow, giving them both a cocky half-smile even as the feel of Scott's fingers teasing around his waistband sent his pulse up a few notches. "Think my ego might get outta control with you to givin' me all this attention," he rumbled, looking not at all bothered by the idea. Reaching back, he pulled Scott into a brief but intense kiss, his other hand finding Nat's hip and pulling her closer so that he could lean down and capture her lips a moment later. "Can't say I object to havin' two hot bodies pressed against me, though..."
The pain medication did its job well. Tony slept through the night, blissfully unaware of his aching wounds. His slumber went interrupted despite a series of bizarre dreams brought on by the pharmaceutical products swimming through his system. When Tony finally woke, it was with an almighty effort. He found his mouth terribly dry, and he fought to focus his vision. Tony glanced across the room and was greeted with the sight of Steve asleep on the couch. A rush of warmth filled his heart, shocking him with its intensity. Did Steve care for him enough to keep watch over him, or was he being overprotective because his presumed-dead best friend was involved? Clearing his throat softly, Tony tried to sit up only to groan aloud as a sharp pang shot through his torso.
Clint listened intently, relaxed but alert. The archer straightened a little and focused more, though, when Coulson mentioned him. He'd known from the get-go that Coulson was one of the few agents who didn't still look at him a little suspiciously every time they saw him roaming free with full access to his weapons and mission files. ?With Loki back in the picture, the subtle sideways glances had become wary stares. Coulson was a lot of things: polite, soft-spoken, diplomatic, but he wasn't a liar. Clint knew when the man said he trusted the archer, Coulson meant it.
"Of course you do, Mr. Barton. Where is he again?" Loki smiled coldly and stepped to the side just in time to avoid a second barrage from the strange gun Coulson had found. "And here I thought you'd learned your lesson about playing with toys you don't understand." He drew himself up to full height and peered at Barton. "Tell me, how is Ms. Romanov recuperating? I had hoped she would be so much more acquiescent..." Taking a step closer, Loki held up his newly forged staff for Clint to see. "Would you like to learn what this one does?"
Steve's throat was too tight to reply right away. Neither one of them really believed it. He almost hated in that moment knowing Tony so well. Once upon a time, he might not have heard the lie behind the words. "If this is... if he's sending you out... just... I'll be on the comms. I won't be there, but I'll be as close as I can be," he assured. It wasn't enough, not even close to enough, but it had to be. Steve kissed his lover slowly, gently, taking his time even though they didn't really have any. "I love you so much, and I know it isn't fair to ask it, but I need you to come back." He wasn’t interested in trading his pain for putting Scott through the same thing, but Logan had a much better shot at coming back home if things went sideways.
Clint let out a shuddering breath, cursing softly as Darien did all the right things to his aching shaft. "Fuck, that's... mm... perfect," he growled, his hips thrusting slightly with each stroke of the other man's tongue. A sudden, well-timed shift, and he was pushing his cock slowly into Darien's mouth, his hand tangled snuggly in the man's hair. "That's it..." Clint glanced up and gave the man rimming Darien a quick nod. Just as Clint started to press his shaft down Darien's throat, Jason replaced his tongue with lubed up cock, leaving Darien speared nicely between them.
Clint opened his mouth to tell Phil to shut the hell up, but he felt Victor's fingers squeeze his jaw harder. Too-hot breath puffed against his cheek a moment later, and he could hear the mutant breathing in his scent. The archer fought back a shudder, the hairs on the back of his neck standing on end as he wondered just what Victor meant when he talked about 'playing.' Clint flinched as he felt the tips of cold claws drag up his back and heard the sound of fabric tearing as his undershirt gave way. A slow burn and the feel of a light trickle of blood down his back told Clint that the fabric wasn't the only thing torn.
Tony smirked, grabbing his phone and pulling up the only number he seemed to use these days. HEY, BEAUTIFUL. FEEL LIKE BRINGING LUNCH? OR SHOULD I MEET YOU SOMEWHERE?
The next part was more difficult to explain. Steve glanced up to check how Clint was taking things so far and ventured, "We eventually came back to the tower and... one thing sort of led to another... uh... I guess I kind of don't know what the day after's supposed to look like. Logan stayed on his own last night, and I stayed with Tony. I kind of know what it means for me. I don't really have a clue how either of them's taking it."
"Well, I could brag, but I'd rather just show you," Scott answered. He didn't want to skip any of the steps of foreplay, but the idea of watching Natasha fall apart while he buried his tongue between her legs was definitely a sexy one.
Lots of angst and a few moments of light. We have to have those sometimes. There's discussion of rape and mind control here, so be warned if those are triggers for you. And, also, stop reading this fic. Seriously, this will NOT be good for you.
"Both is good," Steve answered, taking a shaky breath. He hated looking like a mess in front of everyone in the lab, but the fact was that the very idea of something happening to Tony terrified him. They'd come too close when he used the gun. As it turned out, gambling with Tony's life was a lot more terrifying than gambling with his own. He allowed himself a moment to hold Tony close and be reassured by his presence before sighing and sending an apologetic look to the other scientists. They were all doing their best not to stare and mostly failing. "Bruce, tell me you can make this work."
Steve felt a rush of heat at the touch. As if it wasn't intimate enough kissing Tony after fantasizing about doing just that, now he also had a gorgeous guy feeling him up while he did it. Though the kiss remained oddly gentle despite its eagerness, Steve could feel the edge of control sliding through his fingers. There was no way he would be able to keep himself entirely in check - thankfully, at least one of his partners wasn't easy to bruise. With that in mind, Steve tore his mouth away from Tony's and turned his head to capture Logan's mouth with his own. He kissed the man with a desperate hunger that brought back memories of quick, messy trysts in too-narrow bunks.
On the floor, Natasha and Coulson were obviously far more worried about entertaining themselves than they were about impressing anyone. Still, neither of them were terrible. Spotting Clint watching them, Nat held out a hand to him.
Coulson sighed. “No, you won’t.” He reluctantly pulled a syringe from his pocket and slipped the needle into Bucky’s flesh and blood arm. Within moments the man’s body slumped against him. “Sorry about that, Mr. Barnes,” he whispered before calling for another agent to help him move Bucky safely to the infirmary. It would have been easier to get a feel for his condition with Bucky awake, but it was dangerous.
"Nice to meet you, Mr. Summers. You're welcome to come along... though you're certainly not required to."
"You say that like we're only gonna do it once," Tony said with a smirk, his fingers still thrusting slowly inside his lover. "But I get it. And I kinda like that," he decided, drawing his fingers away. He shifted, kneeling between Steve's thighs as he slicked himself with more lube. He would have been inclined to prep Steve a little more, but between their mutual eagerness and the fact that Steve wanted to feel it a little the next day, Tony was at the end of his patience. Taking his cock in one hand and bracing the other beside Steve's chest, Tony leaned forward, kissing him gently before drawing back. Tony watched his lover's face closely as guided himself to Steve's waiting entrance; he didn't want to miss a thing.
Steve's breath caught, and he rocked instinctively into the touch. He looped his arms around Tony's neck and just let himself enjoy the touch for a long moment. He finally broke away to go back to pawing at Tony. "You've got a great ass, you know. Of course you know. But it's true anyway." He shoved somewhat ineffectually at Tony's pants to drive them farther down his hips and get even more bare skin to plaster himself against. Again he left off to rest his hands on the back of Tony's head, on his neck. His fingers twisted into the curlier hair against the base of Tony's neck.
Tony rolled his eyes impatiently. "Do we have to do the chair?" he grumbled around a mouthful of danish. When Steve gave him the 'no bullshit' look, Tony acquiesced. "Fine. But it better have racing stripes. Or at least a backup beeper. Think we can get one of those stunt chairs on short notice?" When he didn't get any form of agreement, Tony washed his food down with coffee. "Yeah. Yeah, I can work. If I have to stay in here for another day, I will lose my marbles. Marble. Just the one."
Logan shook his head. "No interrogations about it, Slim. You can talk to me when you're ready. They're kosher with that, as long as you stick around a day or two so they can relay any of their follow-up questions through me." He reached out and gently squeezed the man's shoulder. "You need to rest. Then I wanna know what happened." //And a few answers on what drove you away from Westchester... but that can come later.// "Don't think I'm gonna turn you over to a buncha government suits just 'cause they tell me to." He offered a faint grin. "You know how good I am at doin' what I'm told."
Coulson stood, ready to offer the chair next to the bed to Steve. “Nothing that can’t be fixed. There seem to be a few triggers left in place.”
"Don't," Coulson cautioned softly. Unwittingly he quoted Natasha, "Don't do that to yourself, Clint." First names were rarely part of their communication, but the situation warranted it. Besides, sitting together in so casual a setting without the protection of suits and armour and rules made Phil feel distinctly exposed. "Most people would have given themselves permission to fall apart after that. I wish I'd been there to see it but I know what you did. I know how hard you fought."
"Pepper..." Tony had almost forgotten, odd as it seemed. He'd been so caught up in seeing Steve that he'd considered little else. But he knew that Pepper had no doubt gone through hell thinking he was dead, too. He stayed as close as he could to Steve on the walk down without actually impeding their progress. When they stepped into his suite, the sight of Pepper so obviously having just recovered from a bout of crying tore at Tony all over again. "Pep. Hey, I'm okay," he said gently, stepping forward and offering her a hand.
"A movie would be good." He considered their options and offered, "There's an older theater down the block. They show mostly classics. I think they have a matinee." Some ridiculous eighties throwback flick sounded ideal as a distraction. "You in?"
Phil was proof that you could get tangled up with Loki and still survive, even if you were just a flimsy, normal human being. They both were, really, though the injuries Loki had inflicted on them had been very different. Clint felt like he was made of lead. He knew he should get to the showers and clean up, take his bow down, put it away, but it sounded like too damn much. "We're gonna get 'em back, right?" he muttered at the floor, the question flat, hopeless.
Logan drew away and collapsed on the bed next to the pair, panting heavily and looking pleased with himself. Not the sort for words, he settled for giving Steve a sweaty slap on the shoulder.
Natasha's eyes flashed. "He took Tony's body," she clarified, tone angry rather than cold. None of it was directed toward Scott, but it was all there. "Clint and Coulson are missing too. Best we can tell some of Loki's friends got them." She took a slow breath, gaze narrowed. "Steve's upstairs."
Steve had been scowling alternately at the wall clock and his watch for the better part of ten minutes when Tony finally rounded the corner. He found himself torn between wanting to strangle the man, or grab him and throw him up against the wall. Maybe both. Steve sighed instead and tilted his head, silently asking for an explanation that he knew wouldn't make him feel much better about the lateness. Tony Stark was never on time. He tried not to let his mind start listing all the other things he knew about Tony that were nothing he wanted to think about when they were just starting to date.
Loki looked more surprised by that than he had by anything else Stark said. Slowly the look of shock faded into a smile, softer and more genuine than the ones that had come before it. "Thank you," he finally said after a long silence. "It's hardly sufficient given the fact that you have every reason to hate me and yet you... I honestly can't recall the last time someone sat and listened to me without being compelled to do so." Barton had been a rather fantastic listener, but it was part the fact that the man was compelled and part the fact that Loki was fairly certain the man spoke mostly to make jokes, and he'd been rather clear about that not being a option. But Stark was sitting there and simply talking to him. It was baffling on so many levels that Loki found himself floored by the act. "I will endeavor not to destroy any valuable property. I hope that you will take no offense if I also take great pains to avoid my dear brother as much as possible."
Lust-dark eyes locked with blue as Logan clamped one hand onto Scott's hip with bruising force. He used the leverage to slam his cock balls-deep into Scott's tight ass, and Logan cursed and growled in pleasure as the heat seemed to envelop his very consciousness. He barely missed a beat as he started pounding into the other man, hooking his arm under one of Scott's knees and pushing the leg upward to let himself slide even deeper into his lover.
"It's just a nick," Clint protested as they moved back into the kitchen. "Pretty sure I've had worse." Then again, Phil or Nat had also pretty regularly been there to see to those wounds as well. He still remembered Nat digging shrapnel out of his back as they'd flown back from Budapest. "But thanks, dad," he teased, grinning broadly when Coulson gave him a glare. He had to admit, Phil was probably right. If not for his two friends, Clint would have been in a lot worse shape.
It was hard to feeling anything but sick. Phil met Clint's gaze just long enough to let him know it was appreciated and then looked away. It was one thing being humiliated and degraded by a piece of dirt like Creed. It was worse being used in front of Clint. Of all the people who could have been there... but, then, that seemed to be the way the universe worked. He swallowed hard and fought back panic. Panic led to tension, and extra tension would make things more painful for him and more fun for Creed. That was the last thing that he wanted. Awful as the idea was, the longer Creed took with him, the longer things were drawn out, the longer it would be until Clint had to suffer through the same thing. The only things he could think to say would make the situation worse for him and likely for Clint too, so he held his tongue and tried to focus on not puking. The least he could do was try to respond in a dignified fashion to a completely undignified situation.
"That's pretty metaphysical," Logan said, quirking a grin to let Scott know he wasn't judging. He gave Scott a reassuring clap on the shoulder. "Don't worry about it too hard. Far as I'm concerned, y'can stay here long as ya want. I don't really have a lot o' pull around here, but I can always leave if I don't like it." He looked around the kitchen as if checking for cameras or an impromptu, awkward visit from Coulson. "At least, I'm under the impression I can leave." He grinned faintly.
Tony took the bottle, unable to articulate just how much of a turn on the whole moment was. Not only was Steve yet again talking frankly about fucking him in that perfectly hot bedroom rasp of his, but he'd obviously planned the whole evening for Tony to bend him over the couch. Once blood flow slightly improved in his brain, he managed, "You realize, of course, I hate being handed things." In reality, though, he'd barely registered even taking the bottle of lube from Steve's hand. "I think I'll let it slide, since you're a hot blonde," he decided, palming some of the lube and stroking slick fingers up Steve's asscrack teasingly. His other hand pressed lightly against the small of Steve's back as if to hold him in place. "So I guess you want this pretty badly, hm?" he asked casually.
"Is it weird," Steve murmured between hungry kisses, "that I... that I kind of like the idea of feeling it in the morning?" There had always been something odd about being unable to see by the end of the day what he'd been through whether it was sex or a battle. Steve was eager to wake and still see the florid marks on his neck and feel the twinge of discomfort that reminded him of what they'd done. "D-definitely don't want to forget this."
"Well, you could. I mean, coy is always cute on you," Tony replied, quirking a skeptical brow. "If you wanna roleplay, I won't stop you." He didn't give Steve a chance to defend himself, diving in for a heated kiss and placing his hand on the supersoldier's perfect abs to brace himself. Tony was no slouch in the fitness department - you couldn't fly around in a suit undergoing multiple Gs for hours without doing a few sit-ups in the interim - but he was still amazed at just how perfect Steve's body was. His fingers worked between the buttons of Steve's shirt, getting at what skin they could since he didn't feel coordinated enough to try and actually undo them.
“ Yeah, do you think I decide to shrink my size to do anything ? ” He was pulled by Scott before he was standing between the two men.
“ Nope, keep guessing.” Steve said while the other were cheering him. Eventually, Wonder Man’s hand were seen holding some elongated, tube like body in the soil. It felt so tickle the way it moves around that looked like a snake.
“ Aww, come on. Don’t you all give me that scary, frightening looks.” Clint felt teased by his teammates.
“ It is moving ? ” He asked. “ Yeah, it is, my friend.” Thor amusing answered. “ Oh no, I am freaking out, man.” Simon grew anxiety in his head and run to the side.
There’s Clint showing off a little over how he already knew where to press his mouth on the Hollywood Man’s throatvby making him desire more. There’s Sam smoothing the smirk right off on Bucky’s face, hard enough to push him back into the another couch and leave him glassy-eyed and gripping Bucky’s shirt. There’s Hank taking Erik’s hand, kissing him slow along with Scott as a threesome , one hand on Scott ’s waist as he grazed his teeth over Hank’s neck.
“ You are right, I thought it was a terrible idea. But after doing so, it was fun awhile but enjoy.” Hank lay down on the couch.
“ Man, You make me started to act like a slut.” Tony was surprised how gorgeous the soldier’s body looked like, he couldn’t wait to touch Steve with hands rumbling some heat on his skins.
“ Mhmm, I don’t know guys. I hope it’s not a dangerous living creature that is hiding in the box.” Steve grunted.
“ To victory.” The guys all repeat before clinking the glasses together and swallowing the strong alcohol down.
Bucky’s hands tightened in Steve’s hair and tilted his head up sharply. He gave one last push of effort to take him into his mouth and suck him harder, better, he thrust himself balls deep into Steve’s mouth and repeat the action. Tony glanced over at Bucky, who was enjoying this entirely too much. All the while, Scott was stroking himself, getting himself hard again. He was holding his own cock, masturbate himself near the couch.
Thor’s smile glowed like a Bifrost gate who seemed had a news to sent out. “ That’s right, my friend, Steve. I am sure you’re gonna to like it.”
“ Well, how is it? ” Janet admired question him. “ Is that dirt or nasty soil ? ” His shaky hands were hovering around in the box after touching with finger tips.
“ Well, all we can do is giving ourselves occupy with something with our dicks slap into Steve’s face.” Hank turned his head a bit.
“ This is crazy, I am about to lose my mind. “ Erik touched his forehead, hoping he didn’t get caught himself throw up. He deeply hold his throat while breath softly.
“ Trust me, It won’t hurt you. It’s gonna to make it work.” Simon fist hold while cheering him. “ Just grab it. Just go for it.” Rhodey continued to touch the layer of the object completely until he realised that the Avengers were trying to drag him down. He knew the surface layer had a gentle tickle as each giving wand forms a cushion. He guessed what was it. Thor knew his trustworthy and fearless attitude had helped him to win the challenge.
The Other Avengers were cheering his name aloud while some clapping their hands . “ TONY ! TONY !! TONY !!! TONY !!! ”
“ Oh Thor, are you curious how you can do it without letting us drop the ball because there is no way neither of us would dare to touch these things .” Tony winked at him.
“ Okay, here come the never ending ride.” Steve threw himself on a big couch where the other guys could make some room.
The Avengers began to spectacular as they exclaimed happy. Even Rhodey felt dismissed and turn around to see that a spiky shape like ball covered with grass surface. Tony patted his back while giving him some support.
“ Alright, look like my job’s here is done.” Bucky let out a breathless gasp before Tony shoved his cock toward Steve's open mouth.
Clint was trying to shoved his hand inside the box before Rhodey shook him with a jump scare which flinched him and released his hand out while tip toes his running foots with a frightening face.
