There's a pause, and Cas drops his gaze back to his hands in his lap, “Of all the cruelty you’ve faced in your life, somehow I never considered that
"Alright," Sam pinches the bridge of his nose, "Guys, you know what? This- this silent treatment thing, it's silly. It's not gonna work. Whatever we're walking into, we should, you know, probably have an actual plan."
”Geez, Jod, go a little crazy, there?” Dean laughs.
”I don’t need to eat.”
Dean steps in front of Cas then, they're nearly touching but not. He knows this is an unusual way for two men to speak, standing under the stars, near cover of darkness, speaking low and sharing breath- but it's not unusual for them. It's a comfortable oddness, toeing a line between friendship and not, but it's never a line either will ever cross because that's not Dean and that's not what Dean wants.
Dean nods a few times.
Cas: I'm starting to think you don't know how to use them.
"Gone toe to toe with some pretty heavy hitters, Dad." Dean struggles to keep his voice level, matching John's staunch anger, "If this is gonna work you gotta trust we know a thing or two."
He says nothing, only frowns. Mick chuckles, "Or I assume. Why else would a man stand outside during a rescue if not because you’re locked from the premises? Getaway driver, perhaps?"
Maybe it's because of this he wills himself to blink away the halfway desire to just say
Cas/Crowley: Details (eyeroll emoji, moaning face)
They both climb out and Cas stops to straighten his tie in the side-mirror, leaning down to inspect his hair as well- a new wave of anxiety approaching because this is the part of the job he's the absolute worst at.
His face is hot all over when she drops her hand, mercifully turning to Cas next. That angel lets himself get grabbed by the chin from across the table, putting up no fight.
So, clearly,
"These are my friends," Cas grumbles, side-eyeing the two of them, "My friends who don't
"Dean Winchester," Dean turns on his heel, a dark-haired English woman stands in all black, hands linked behind her back, a cocky smile plastered on her face, "I presume."
But Crowley doesn't stop there, why would he? Instead, he lowers his voice, taunting, angling his body and eyes directly on the angel, "...Because I seem to remember a certain few months where he chose
"I couldn't take that chance."
Dean: People give a shit about ya
old wine in one of the storage rooms awhile back, and they've been saving it for some special occasions after deeming it not-cursed and safe to drink- now's as good a time as any to haul that bad boy out. So, while he and Jody sort through that, Alex and Donna pick through the boxes of Christmas decorations at the kitchen table. Claire, surprisingly, volunteers to help Dean- so, in a rare moment for him, he hands over a peeler and some potatoes to welcome the help. In a way, he's kind of touched she's reaching out a bit.
this. He knows what it feels like, and he knows what the backlash is. He knows what craving it is. And he knows they're both gonna have been better for it if they never did this in the first place.
Unsure how else to respond to Claire, he slides back and sees Dean has responded- and is clearly frustrated with him.
Dean didn't see him, of course. Neither did Benny, who'd stuck by a few feet away keeping lookout with a pained look on his face, trying very hard not to show Dean that he could hear him. It was clear they were allies, that Dean was safe. Whether he was okay, though, was something else entirely.
Dean: Hi
is inside of me... but
Cas picks it up on the second ring, met with shuffling fabric on the other end and Dean whispering out a light curse.
"What are you doing?"
“I’m no-“ Dean straightens up, “I don’t
"Sure."
He blinks, raking in a hard breath-
"Thank you, Dean." He plucks the card from his grip and and slips it into the front tab, tucking the entire wallet back in his suit.
Not- not the sex part, obviously. Just the intimacy of closeness. Being held.
her wine glass with a fork, standing up and raising it over her head with a beaming grin, "Toast!"
”There wasn’t another option if we hoped to save-“ Cas starts, but John cuts him off without even looking his way.
die? It's not easy, man. No one ever said it would be. And I get it, I do. Knowing what it's like to live with them gone? Having to
Cas' eyes soften, and he looks down, "Thank you, Donna. You're… very kind."
"Hands on your heads!"
A half-open door to his right catches his eye, so he taps the door with one finger hard enough it swings open the rest of the way and he can peer inside. It's a cluttered up office strewn with
His only response is a little half-hearted wave over his shoulder.
It’s a gift to be loved by Dean Winchester in any capacity. It’s remarkable, despite the many times that Cas has left, betrayed, or hurt he and Sam- that both of them still took him back every time. And Dean shares his music and his home and he says this song “reminds me of you” and proceeds to play a melody with a hopeful ache attached to it. Because Dean
While there's not much to be done to reverse the damage to their vehicle or offer any explanation to these men once their memories are wiped, he decides simply wiping them and healing any larger injuries is the best course of action before skipping town.
, but keeps getting in his own way.
"I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about you and Dad."
"With her, we're outgunned." Crowley argues.
"Okay, Dean." He pauses, "Goodnight."
"That's helpful." John scoffs.
"Maybe." Cas says quietly, almost too low for Dean to hear it. Then he turns to Dean, "Or maybe because I was never meant to care so much at all, it frightens you that something like me cares about
Cas often feels inadequate in comparison. It's perhaps a silly thing to admit, but it’s true.
"I'm all ears." John says, and shifts the gear in drive.
Maybe that's just being hopeful. Maybe it's him grasping at the straws making up their screwed up childhood and seeing good things cause he's gotta, when really this is just the way it's always been and those rose-colored glasses have shattered with age.
"You realize whenever you do that, I can still read it in the reflection of your window there," Crowley points at the box of a reflection with an amused smirk.
"It doesn't, I guess, just..." She shrugs, softening her voice, "You shouldn't stop yourself from caring about someone just cause you think they'll leave eventually. Believe me. I worry about Claire all the time, too."
”Quit-
." Dean mocks, turning on his heel and away from this conversation completely. "You feel free to roll through Olivia's job. Let me know what you find. I'm hitting the books."
forget about it. He looks at the messy grumbling angel in front of him and his chest just feels so
Dean circles the table, leaning his hip onto the edge and bringing his mug up to his lips, "Texted me last night- said he's got a line on a shapeshifter in Atlanta. I said we could come help, and he said 'don't worry about it.' Apparently he's 'got it.'"
Both brothers are looking at him expectantly when his eyes burst open.
"Yeah," Sam's face pinches up, "Yeah, you're Dean."
"Shut-" Dean starts, right when Jack seems to pop out of nowhere, grinning ear to ear, with Cas in tow. Both have arms piled high with firewood.
They exchange thanks with Wendy and head out, Crowley immediately diving in to subject non-Rowena as soon as the door shuts behind them.
"And you-" He continues, fixing the lapel of Cas' jacket and patting it in place, "Feathers… lean towards bad boys with a spark of good." He raises his brows devilishly, tilting his head in appraisal of the angel beside him, "Not a qualm with sloppy seconds, either, I see."
And Dean is... ungrateful. Angry. Asking 'why me?' instead of saying thank you.
A bell chimes as he enters, but no one looks towards the sound. There aren't many patrons inside... A man at the counter nearly falling asleep in his own palm with half a plate of fries in front of him, a young woman sitting in the very corner with only a cup of soda, and the waitress scurrying left and right behind the counter like she has places to be even though these three are the only other bodies around as far as he can tell.
Cas: Would you like to read it next? I can send it. (mailbox sending letter emoji)
It must be nearing midnight. The moonlight leaks through the curtain, shafting strips of light onto the bed. Even though the moon is full, they don't have worries of werewolves on their minds. There's nothing chasing them today, and there hasn't been for a long time now.
But no, Cas isn’t just gonna go around feeling Dean up just because he’s in love with him. He’s classier than that.
They clear the building in a matter of minutes- its layout pretty open, not a lot of hidden rooms save for the padlocked basement. Sam waves the other two inside, giving the go-ahead, tucking his gun back in the waist of his jeans.
Dean strides forward those last couple steps where Cas stands waiting, arms just barely outstretched like he's not sure Dean's gonna fall into them or not.
“Man,” Claire takes another sip from her beer and sets it on the coffee table, “you’re like a regular walking, talking, Nicholas Sparks special. One of those sickeningly gooey ones with the pining and the love letters and blegh.”
He looks between them sternly but neither let up, heatedly staring the another down.
Cas, on the other hand, is the picture of surface-level peace. Leaning against the back wall, arms crossed, eyes intent on the floor.
Dean: Keep your enemies close
The man scoffs, “Yeah, and I'm the Pope.”
The first thing he notices is the drawing. The one of Cas' true form that he'd sketched out for Dean months ago.
Ishim sneers, flicking his eyes to Sam, to Dean, then Cas, looking him up and down, "No wings, no home. Just a ratty old coat and a pair of poorly trained monkeys."
Claire: Lmfao creative
from now on." Dean says when they finally arrive at the hotel, slamming the Impala's door behind him without another look back at his brother.
"You've never seen that before, have you?"
was okay?"
They didn’t always have to put the words out there. It was in both of their personalities not to accept that type of love very easily anyways. It was too much. It didn’t feel deserved.
Maybe he thinks he is, like Ishim did, but it’s not the same.
Door swings open, and standing on the other side is a little five foot something pretty red-headed woman holding a bag daintily draped in the fold of her elbow. She smiles up at him, seeming to expect something.
"Okay, but if it
Her lips silky and fast against his own, she's soft in all the right ways. All the ways that
Back at the trunk, Dean moves fast, opening it and grabbing the first two weapons he sees. Cas' angel blade is right on top, and a machete lies just to the right of it. He grabs them both, barely sparing a second before he's rounding the car to Cas' side.
, the white in her eyes turning to flame, scorching out their sockets- with the man's hand palmed flat against her forehead.
"Oh."
Dean was different, even outside of heaven's role for him. The inherent cruelty of his life often tempered his kindness, hid away his goodness in a way that made Castiel realize that Dean thought so little of himself that he actively tried to get people not to see it.
It's definitely going to take some getting used to from all angles. They all only know one dynamic between them: John doling out orders, Dean following them without question, and Sam firing back at John with questions he never answers. Sam and Dean have had an entirely new dynamic for years- but John is the same man he's always been.
There's a water stain in the fold where the ceiling meets the wall, veining out, corrupting the integrity of the fusion of two separate parts. Did the stain start with one side and thread to the other as a natural progression? Or did the ceiling leak first, bringing the wall with it as it's corrupted?
Turning for the door, Cas says, “Goodnight.”
Cas stands rapidly, nearly knocking over his stool, "Claire. Alex. Happy Thanksgiving."
But these folks? What they're offering up? An end of the line? A ceasefire where the only ones on the map still standing are human and the supernaturals get cut down til they're extinct? Well, hell. Isn't that what they've been talking about? That fresh start?
“Why would I do that when you can’t do anything-“ Lucifer holds out a hand towards Cas, not even bothering to watch as the angel advances, sending him to his knees, “-to me?”
Sam: I think it was just put on Netflix
There are a few of the older lore books from the library piled on the desk beside a few journals. Which, after brief inspection, they're just written translations Sam had been working on in his spare time.
"He only went back to bed about an hour ago."
"Are you okay, Dean?" Cas asks low enough that no one else will hear.
”Shut your filthy mouth!” The demon starts to twirl right- Bucky heaves against her- his entire body weight colliding with a resounding
"I'm going to the store today?" Dean raises his voice, asking the room. Eileen and Sam sit at the table with coffee, Jack seated across from them.
"No, but their
who she's gotten herself mixed up between. She has no idea what Dean is willing to do... "Oh, you think you can run from me? Try it. Because when I find you- and I
Between the house and garage they built up a roadhouse. If Dean had been hesitant at first, as soon as they started making the plans for the bar he was like a kid at Christmas. Or that's what Castiel assumes is the right expression, given what he's seen in movies. He was never actually a child himself, or have his own infant child at Christmastime... but it seems closest to compare to Dean's level of excitement.
"You're welcome," Dean grins, nodding.
Cas: So I understand the hesitation
Dean turns to him, face softening. He nods idly, then turns to better look him in the eye, "Dad, look, I’m happy you're back. Really. I'm just-"
"Okay," Sam readjusts in his seat, one leg folded beneath him to better face Cas, and clears his throat, "Look, Dean's, uh... he's not the best at telling people he really cares about them. Half the time he'll push people away just because he has this dumb notion that people being close to him gets them hurt..."
It's also a decision, however, that leaves them at a standstill. Three men with weapons trained on the three men opposite. And for a moment no one says a word, until- slowly- each men take pause to shift their attention ever so slightly to the vehicle approaching from behind him with soft classical music drifting from its core.
Dean stops to inspect the rear of his car again, kneeling beside it, breathing out angry grunts of profanities to himself. Cas stands where he emerged from the backseat, and John leans against the trunk, looking out at the other cars lining the wall of the garage with a mild interest, hands deep in his pockets.
Crowley: A few fun world-saving romps does not a relationship make
Do I not help? How high up is this bar to get in any of your good graces?" She tsks, turning towards the door, "I risk my own safety and well-being, travel
"I'm... over the clown thing." Sam shifts.
"Oh, and daddy dearest is here as well-" Crowley croons.
”Am I not alive again? Seems like it was temporary to me.” Cas pierces him with a glare.
"The road- Sam..." A disgruntled sigh heaves out as soon as Sam grabs the item in one hand and easily straightens the wheel, laughing.
"And where do they think
"Your brother choking down demon blood's got
show tonight. Location's locked down tight, real exclusive."
"Aw that's fun," Jody's smile warms, "Unfortunately... the girls are in Omaha for the weekend- being angsty at a Radiohead concert. But I can feed you."
"There's no need." He says, tilting his head at Dean, "I'm fine."
Dean leafs through one of the open books on the desk, then looks beside it. There's a frame, one of those box kinds with glass in front that usually houses some kind of an artifact. Inside it, closed up, a bona fide angel blade.
Sam looks him up and down, tone softening, "Dean... witches are real." he places a hand on his shoulder, "Vampires, werewolves, witches. They're all real. And we kill them."
It startles him at first, because he hadn’t meant to do it.
"You should go to sleep."
Sam brings his own mug up to his lips, taking a small sip, sobering in tune, "What's on your mind?"
He misses him. More than he should be able to.
"Mom, right."
ally. We only work with him when we don't have much choice not to. And in this case..." Dean shrugs, nodding to Sam for support, "It makes sense to keep him in our corner, so he doesn't run to Lucifer's."
He smells the blood before he sees it, and steps off the landing to the trail of wet smudges leading from here all the way up to where the woman had stood near the library. Without a deeper investigation, he can tell from scent alone that the blood is definitely human. O negative. Likely Sam's.
”What’s your big plan? You barely let the angel do
Cas: Goodnight Dean
Eileen: Keeping that hush hush?
”No, Dean.” Cas swings in front of him, shoulders squared, “You might be stubborn and an ass, but that doesn’t mean I’ll simply stand by and watch your own father lay his hands on you. You don’t get to make that decision for me, regardless of what’s between you and John.”
He looks at her then. Jody, the woman who's lost just as much as he has- maybe more- and she's here, put together, comforting this sad hunter with daddy issues on the day of her friend's funeral.
” Dean waves a hand in the general direction of the laptop, “Is definitely that.”
"Dean," Sam's eyes soften, and- Dean stiffens in response. "you've gotta stop pretending it was okay..."
Sam's the first out of his seat, the rest following suit.
Dean's breath shallows out, his clothes rustling. And he clears his throat- but in the sleepy way where he might be asleep when he does it. Cas isn't sure.
He tries to imagine something like this life laid out before him. Life a helluva lot simpler if you let it be, just surviving without anyone else around to watch you.
Sam pops out as quickly as he came, shutting the door behind him with a soft
back.”
She nods, regarding him with a knowing look, "Things sure haven't been easy for you boys, huh."
When he steps outside, Cas is leaning against the side of the Impala, hands in his pockets. He catches Dean's eye as he approaches.
Looking back, it’s quite embarrassing to admit this took him years to pin down... and confusing all the more because while an angel isn't supposed to feel emotions, they're especially not supposed to fall in love. It can likely be argued that Cas' love for Dean sparked everything else inside him after that. He cared about the world because Dean did, so of course he'd turned against heaven time and again for his mission. He began caring for Sam, and for others around him in a way that was different than he had before. Before, he'd admired humanity as though walking through an art exhibit- free to look and admire but never touch.
Abraham leads Dean and his son, Elijah, around the side of the house, just in front of the barn. There's a carriage with only three wheels, the fourth corner being held up by a thick tree stump.
Crowley’s lying. Cas knows that. He... Dean doesn't. He wouldn't. Even as a demon.
“That was different. Those guys hadn't been through the same ringer.”
Dean: Don't text and drive you lunatic
Claire takes the menu, staring down at it a second, fingers tapping anxiously on the edge of it.
Cas is sitting at the kitchen table...
Cas is inclined to agree, but he can't exactly say as much at this particular moment, "They helped us with Lucifer."
"I think that's..." Sam mutters, sighing around the words and cutting himself off, "That's definitely
"You think-" She cuts herself off, exhaling, and lowers the blades- taking several slow steps to close the distance between them.
"I don't believe that to be true." He states simply, confused as to how Dean's father could know his own son so little.
There's nothing inherently menacing in his stance, but for whatever reason- Dean panics. There's no reason to. Not a single one. He's calling Cas for the case.
"Of course, you'll need me there to help-"
"And you think that means I don't... feel it?" Cas sounds hurt at the prospect. "That I don't care? How in our history together does this make sense?"
Sam sighs, shaking his head down at the pages, "Well, I may have turned the bunker upside down looking for any reference whatsoever to the British Men of Letters, and all I found-" He untucks a small folded paper from beneath one page, "was this letter tucked into an old ledger, uh, from the 'London Chapterhouse.'"
"That's not true. I-" Sam stops, letting out a breath, the air marinating with it, "I just think he needs time.
His voice cracks at the end and he lets out a sharp huff through his nose, peering at his father who stares patiently. Emotionless.
"You’re one of them." Cas says bluntly, sidestepping any pleasantries. He regards the man with a wary curiosity, squinting to eye him up and down.
”You and God made up.” Sam says, “You forgave him. What would he think?”
What in the
"You know," She says, stepping just close enough that she's towering over him and he can do nothing but stay laying on the street, "I would've thought for two strapping lads like yourselves, you would've lasted a tad longer. But hey, you know what they say. Good things come to those-"
No, there's no way. Cas can't lie worth a damn. He can try his damnest to evade, but even that's like trying to look a dog in the eye when they
(Today: 10:26 PM)
specifically. So, I'm grateful for your trust.”
"Besides," Crowley says, now pausing from the passenger door. Cas heads that way, his eyes nearly rolling to the back of his head, and landing on Crowley through the window. He continues, "...while you were gabbing with Vince's second fiddle, I was ransacking his room."
Dean lets himself get dragged into the bathroom, butt shoved down onto the toilet lid. He rests his elbows on his knees, heels bouncing on the tile as Sam fills up a mug with water and hands it over.
be if he was a different guy that could have different things. Things more than just moments, but lifetimes.
Cas raises his head to him, searching Dean’s eyes from way-too friendly a distance, “I've never thought you did.”
They rush into the hallway and Sam slows, Cas stopping mid-step in the entryway, "Hey, wait a second. Where you off to?"
"Ah, ah, ah," Crowley tsks, a smirk crawling up one side of his mouth as he continues typing to Dean. "Your three musketeers are in the lobby. Park here." He points absently to a small parking lot off to the left of the building, closest to the side entrance. "I'll meet you in a flash. Have to conspire with my
This affection, for example. Touch, and a lack of second thought about it.
He's always been terrible with that. It became apparent with Cas' first teamup with this very same demon.
"Why?"
She huffs, brows scrunching together furiously, lips moving beneath his grip- and motioning one hand towards Dean, shaking her head.
"Just one. Single is fine."
"Yeah?" He lowers himself back down, partially shutting the door beside him. Neither make a move to close the distance between them.
"Did you win?" Ketch jumps in, slimly hiding his incredulity.
Dean steps up beside her, bracing for whatever's about to come. The door starts glowing a whitish blue- an angelic light. It gets so bright it's nearly blinding. He squints, blinking to try and keep his eyes on it-
to keep such a promise when he's not held to the same sort of contracts as a demon would be. Angels can neg out on their deals as they see fit. As long as the vessel says yes, that's the only rule that matters, honestly. It’s a disturbing con on a person’s life. An illusion to kept free will, when really it's more of the same trickery that demons hand out, just in shiner packaging.
concerned.
Most namely being Dean's blatant affection. His unhindered trust and joy.
he's been giving him the cold shoulder.
Both fall silent again.
He sighs, scratching at the scruff on his chin.
"Well that's a long stretch of road." Ketch hardens, slightly impatient, "Where, exactly?"
Cas doesn't say anything at that. He's not wrong. What’s uncertain is, is this part of himself an inherent Winchester trait rubbed off or simply another mechanism in the design flaw that marks his existence? Crowley, however, is a bit more of a question there.
God, why is Dean fighting this so much?
I could've helped her! I
Dean nods, slow, then a few more times, blinking back wetness from his eyes before breaking into a shaky grin, "So what you're sayin' is you
He rolls his eyes.
"Thought angels were ‘sposed to be the good guys. You’ve sure got a lotta weaknesses." John scoffs.
. That's what Elijah had said.
Dean: Wise (eyeroll emoji)
"Crowley. Don't mind the angel, he gets separation anxiety." He grins, "I'll have a Tequila Sunrise. Get him a little something sweet as well."
Dean chokes out a laugh that’s more of a shaky exhale, and looks down towards his feet, finally breaking his gaze away from the angel’s. “We stare at each other too much, Cas, you know that?” He's not sure why he says it, but he does. He hasn't said anything about how much Cas stares in years. Or about how closely he stands. That's just a Cas thing. Or is it a Cas and Dean thing? He's not sure anymore.
"Yeah, obviously." Dean grins, taking a sip of his beer. Foam gets all over his upper lip.
”Yeah,” Sam says evenly, “Cause it kinda looks like you’re falling apart.”
"Right." Dean frowns bitterly, pushing his glass to the center of the table so he's not tempted to keep pouring 'til he can't think. "Well, thanks for that."
"It's- personal." Cas moves to tuck the thing back in his inner pocket, missing once- which is enough for Sam to jut a hand out, catching one of Cas' in his.
“That’s what I was like?” He doesn't seem surprised, which is the oddest thing. More... sad.
"See, I'm a big believer in what dies, stays dead. Laws of the universe and all that, so..."
better when he didn't know his own name.
If Cas could dream, it'd be of Dean.
Cas grazes a thumb across the stubble on Dean's cheek, leaning in to plant a soft kiss on the corner of Dean's eye, his nose, the corner of his mouth, and then finally the softest brush of lips on his own. Still there, he whispers, "I like you because on Halloween twelve years ago, you chose to save the town." He brings his lips back to Dean's temple, ""I like you because you fought against me for the greater good, when I was an agent of heaven and could've killed you without hardly a thought."
She flicks off the burner and claps her hands together once, "Alrighty, boys, get the plates!"
"Cas, I-" Dean starts, all of his words mixing up all of a sudden and he can't figure out the right thing to say. Or what Cas deserves to hear.
Eileen: And it's been a week... soo (worried smiley emoji)
Sam is so easy to please. All it takes it a bit of listening to him, a bit of openness to the care in his words and his intent.
He likes it
She nods at Sam with a small smile. Maybe even gripping his hand under the table.
"Can't blame a girl for tryin'." She says, nose scrunched, cheeks stiff and stuck in the same unmoving grin- eyes flashing red.
"Yeah hey, Dean, it's me," He ignores Sam, lifting his head when Dean picks up, "Listen, we think we have a witch on this one. Swing around the office an-"
Eileen: So what did they do to get shipped off to Area 51?
"Cause you're a sap."
"He might live or he might just end up a bloody smear on the wall." Ishim smiles like he already knows. Hell, maybe he does. According to him, Dean's Cas' human weakness- but Cas is Dean's, too. "Roll the dice."
Dean grunts out from behind.
"Dude, why
Dean's grinning down at his phone, line in the message bar blinking but neither of them message anything else back or forth. He's just staring down at Cas' stupid emojis lineup and defeated at how fucking endearing it is when John jumps in with a comment.
"I want this." He answers small. That's all he can say, at least right now. He hopes it's enough, but he can't bring himself to hold Cas' gaze.
"Even if Crowley does bring in Rowena," Cas says, "the problem remains, Lucifer can't be returned to the cage inside his vessel. His essence has to be extracted."
“Yeah.” Sam nods, looking down at his hands, “yeah, okay.”
Eileen: But I'll ask around ASAP
Whiskey goes down, and spirits up. The sun's starting to set after a few hours of mingling and it's been awhile since Dean sought out a friendly face so he starts making the rounds. It's kinda weird though, all these hunters. A lot of them are great, but he still can't get over the fact that stories of he and Sam and Cas have been circulating for years like some kind of hunter's legend. Just by the way they talk about them, like they're meeting some kind of celebrities. Which he isn't. He's just a guy that got unlucky a lot and lucky a few times more.
"I'm with Sam on this one." It's the first input John's given this entire conversation, and he says it while sitting with elbows resting on his knees, fists clasped together beneath his chin. Calm, merely observing. Taking a side quietly, yet absolute- like a decision's been made without either brother's say in the end result.
His eyes drift again, and Sam opens his mouth but can't quite figure out what to say to that.
"Not in so many words-"
"Whoa, whoa, whoa. Easy, lady." Dean holds out a hand, "Look, I'm not a demon, okay. I'm one of the good guys. Now stick with me, do what I say, and everybody'll get out of here, okay?
to be asked the question or if he'll freak out at it.
If Sam was the one in this lot right now, maybe John would listen to
"He died on the job." Dean shrugs, continuing his snooping around the room, eyes roving over articles plastered to the walls, "No better way to go."
Perhaps, like most things, the Winchesters activities in recent years sparked it, but mostly Cas simply doesn't trust their motives. Dean would say it's 'trusting your gut', but Cas prefers to think of it as simply trusting instincts. He's learned they're essentially the same thing, though.
Sam drops his eyes to his hands, "Don't say that, man."
"I'd know my own kid's fighting style anywhere, boy," He quirks a brow, "What I'm not gettin' is you seeing your old man in the flesh a decade after burning him and don't even bat an eye?"
Dr. Marion, however, is less than light and less than calm, stumbling through his words like a kid asking out his first girl, "Yeah, I'm just calling, you know, to, uh, check on the patient." He swallows.
He swipes a hand over his mouth, tossing his hands out, "That
He wasn't anywhere.
"We've gotta get you a birthday, man." He mutters, a small smile playing on his lips.
Cas glares, not justifying any type of response, realizing too late that that's answer enough.
"Cas I don't get to have things like this." Dean finally looks at him, drowning in the soft blue eyes of the man he wishes he could just let himself love.
Eyes wide, she turns back to John, "I- I thought you were..."
The sound dies down, fading to a low whine, then nothing at all. Dean blinks. Once, twice into the black.
Bucky leans back, sharing an amused look with Randy before shrugging easily, "Oh, you know, apocalypse, showdown with Lucifer- tell me purgatory isn't true-"
The demon sighs, half turning with a slight smile, "So mother and I had an unfortunate, if not rather embarrassing, run-in with Lucifer." He turns the rest of the way, tauntingly raising his brows, "You're just mad because you're only my second choice for a Lucifer-hunt team-up."
(Today 10:36 PM)
"Mornin' sunshine," Dean pipes up, pointing to the half-full pot of coffee, "Some coffee?"
Dean, and what a sore spot that is.
The end message there is kind, however as a whole- and with the rest of the entry from that date as well- it paints a very specific picture of Dean. It implies that John only cares for Dean from this very specifically cultivated mask he's put on himself in order to fill John's impossible standards of him. He's become a facsimile of John, which John is incredibly critical and judgmental especially if Dean deviates from this image. We know this because the further Dean moves from John's death in early seasons, we start to see this image of himself chip away, and he becomes more comfortable in his own skin and as his own person. Dean is not simply a scam artist or a ladies man or an absolutely loyal son. These are what Dean thought is all that there was to himself until he let Sam and Bobby and Cas and all his friends and himself- make him start to believe otherwise and realize he's more than all these things. He's worth more than these simple tiny facets of a personality from a man who barely knew him enough to know there was more there.
choice.
People are still milling about in the bunker’s library. Maybe the night is still young for some of them, but Dean suddenly feels the weight of his age in every bone of his body.
"Right."
"Okay, uh," Sam holds out his hand flat, as though to show
See, here's the thing. Dean can give Cas shit all he wants, he's earned that right. He's earned it because he knows down to his bones that at the end of the day, Cas knows it's not the core of how Dean feels about the guy. Cas knows, at the end of the day, that when Dean's pissed it's not coming from a place of hate. Not a single day in this world or disagreement they've ever faced, has that been untrue. Cause
He sees her arm swing out just before he feels it- the waft of pressure against his side, and he’s off his feet, sailing off to the left, arms swinging across his head to save against the blow- glass shatters, raining across his shoulders.
He was a little worried sometimes that Cas didn’t seem to get that. Or maybe he’d just learned his self-worth from Dean too, and didn’t see that the people he cared for so damn much also gave a crap about him.
She scrunches her nose, but can't hide the smile, "And you couldn't take a shower first?"
One final peek in the mirror at this borrowed body, and he straightens. There’s no trenchcoat today- simply the suit. It tends to get him less strange looks when investigating as a faux agent.
being a dick. Right here, next to Sam.
"Might wanna take that up with the boss, then." John smirks, unperturbed, "I didn't ask to come back here."
been looking," John continues after a moment, "Used to have contacts but... lotta them either want nothin' to do with me anymore or they're six feet under and don't have much way of helping anybody."
He comes up beside his brother, looking down at the clear body of the man on the security footage. Not good.
"Hey! You got a family, Cas. You're not an outcast." Dean piles the now-empty bowl into the sink, and moves to the fridge beside Cas. Cas watches him pull out the maple syrup with a fond look in his eye.
You couldn't always say the same thing about Dean. Or a lot of other hunters for that matter.
"Right..." He clasps his hands, elbows on knees, "Just... get some shut eye, man."
He thinks about just dropping the subject, but something in Cas' face makes him sigh in admission, dropping his gaze again to the bottle on the table. He chugs the last bit, turns it on its side and spins it.
Cas looks between her and Crowley, softening, "We don't want to hurt Vince. We wanna help him."
John smiles and tugs Sam into a deep hug. Sam, hesitant at first, falls into it, squeezing his eyes closed and gripping his dad back.
"So you're still draggin them home from bars, huh?"
"And they say chivalry's dead."
"Cas..." He turns and opens his eyes with a start, seeing Cas' face inches away staring at him. Cas is stretched out on his side, completely facing Dean, one hand beneath his head and the other curled between them. "Quit watching me sleep."
“I can understand that.”
Tommy holds up his hands, face hard, "Man, I don't know what the hell's going on with Vince, alright? All the royalties on our hits dried up years ago... I got two daughters in college. I know what I saw, but..." He swallows, turning away.
With this fucking reaction
Dean: Actually
"Hey," He slaps him in the chest with the back of his hand, and Sam starts, pulling out one earbud, "Tryin' to talk to you here."
The relief wins over the anger, because of course it does. Dean might be a dick, but that dick's still alive enough to
Wait, no. That's not right...
"We're pretty slammed, so order quick if you wanna eat the next hour." She whips out a pen and notepad from her apron, "Or you just here for the booze?"
"What's our next move?"
By choice?"
”You’ll prob’ly like may’le syrup. It’s na’ural. I ‘et the best kind the store’s got. No ar’ificial crap.” Dean pipes in, mouth full.
Cas: Dean does.
Sam tilts his head, "And what was wrong with Beth?"
John all but ignores Dean, "Kid helped me track down some info on the yellow-eyed demon back in the day. Saw his obit in the paper. Damn shame."
"I have never once regretted the choices that have led me into your kinship, Dean. I don't know what more I can say to convince you that you're not the poison you think you are. If anything, you gave me life. It's because of you I have so many people who I care for and who care for me in turn. After all my time alive, I'd rather die today a broken angel with all of that, than live a thousand more years and never know what it was like to love and be loved by you."
"We need to retrace your steps." Sam stops at the base of the stairs, turning his way, "Alright, think. What's the last thing you remember you did?"
"Okay."
"Of course it's about Magda, dad! And it's about me! And Dean! About the demon blood and the secrets and the deals- it's about all of it!"
Sam gives him an odd look, whispering, "Nanny McFee?"
that much." He lazily swings an arm out, blasting Lucifer back against a far wall without breaking a sweat. Whiskey and spent beerbottles scatter from the dressing tables, shattering against him on his way to the floor.
"Yeah," He scoffs, rolling his eyes, "Beer can wreaths and stolen food is a peak childhood memory."
“Dude, you- you didn’t even tell him?”
Sam furrows his brow, “You told people that she was speaking in tongues?"
Dean’s never really had many friends like that. Someone he's comfortable enough with to let himself let his guard down and just hang out without anything in mind to do- just enjoying each other’s company. It’s nice.
"Hey, hey, Dean-" Firm hands press into his shoulders, shaking his body, head bobbing with the movement.
"Yeah, since when do we hang on
"I can no longer return to the empty." Cas says easily, "Jack made sure of it. I'm more trouble than it's worth, it turns out."
So, somehow, the witch got a good lick in to Dean somewhere out there, then got away. They might be able to track him if he kept to the woods- or at least figure out a general direction to where he might've headed-
Dean looks up from the device, catching Cas' eye as if asking if he's ever heard of such a thing. He hasn't.
He drops to sit on the edge of the bed.
carrying on the Men of Letters' work here,"
They've always had this sort of natural comfortability, but something's changed, and he can't quite put his finger on what it is. Dean knows he's not the easiest guy to stick by and he's shit with words and he doesn't always show people enough that he needs them for more than just hands in whatever fight they're gearing up for... but he's- he's trying. So maybe that's it.
”Sam.” Lucifer croons, drawing Sam’s eyes up.
"We understand things are different here." Ketch says steadily, "We're eager to collaborate. The British Men of Letters are centuries old, lads. We can offer expertise, weaponry, skills."
"I'm gonna- I'm-" Her smile falters, but she keeps her composure, reading the room, and nods back at John, "I'm gonna give you guys some, um, some family time."
John peers down at him from off to the side, leaning back against a table with his arm crossed, "That's everything you know?"
A wry chuckle bubbles up his throat, "What use would I be?"
"Billie." Dean looks her up and down. "What are you doing here?"
much better than him. He deserves someone that can own up to the fact that they're in love with him. He deserves someone that is just as
(Today 7:48 AM)
"Alright," Dean nods, "Cas and I'll try the band. Sam, you and dad-"
Dad. Mom. Cas. Sammy. Bobby.
He eyes the phone in Sam's lap, the headphone jack clearly in view and right in reaching range.
"Mhmm."
She lowers her eyes from his, maybe from shame, but it seems more from fear than anything else. It breaks his heart.
Crowley holds up a keycard between two fingers, "I suggest we go check out his room. Vince is scheduled to be in the studio all day, so we're covered."
A cold chill runs down his spine at the thought, "Wait, I- I kill people?"
He reaches for the file and wordlessly trades Dean for the tray of coffees, taking a cup in his other hand for himself.
"I mean, think about what he's going through. You gotta admit it's a lot to take in."
"I think that's what he's trying to figure out." Sam blows the air out of his cheeks, changing the subject, "Hey, you, uh, you hear from dad?"
Well there's his answer. Cas has got himself a hot new piece. That's why Dean got so trashed last night.
He'll save Sam if it kills him. Maybe a part of him hopes that it does.
... maybe he could have that. Maybe that's the best way to keep that John Winchester side at bay... live the life he's always wanted. The type of life John led before he, too, turned into a monster.
He waves them over.
“Tell them what you
"The world's got a lot more gray in it than when you left, dad. We're trying our best, here. All of us. Isn't that what you've always said, too? You did the best you could in impossible circumstances. Can't you give us that same benefit of the doubt?"
Small fish, big pond. Cas doesn't feel like such a big fish anymore, but he supposes he is. Just a big fish squeezed inside of a tiny aquarium pretending to be small.
He's still gripping at Sam's shoulder, not looking to let go anytime soon. Steadying himself through the touch, rapidly blinking dry, burnt eyes- thinking the next might earn him back a sliver of sight, and when it doesn't he just barely staves off the incoming panic through the feel of the smooth canvas fabric beneath his fingertips.
Cas doesn't think much of himself in terms of his relationship with Claire- in fact Dean's pretty certain that the guy still thinks she hates him deep down. But that's just not true.
drug him, he clearly got away before anything happened. Must've been why he woke up in the woods. A pile of mud, stinking of sweat is better than half-clothed and dumped on the edge of a Wendy's parking lot. Or maybe it was an I-Hop. Doesn't matter.
Cas, now, does not feel in control of his body.
He tries stringing a few memories together, but it's like rubbing a couple of opposing magnets- the thoughts swirling around but no real base to them. Just... blank.
had a kid. Fuck was his name? And you couldn't even handle-“
"Come midnight, a Winchester goes bye-bye." Billie sounds far too chipper at the sentiment, drawing out each word with a devilish pleasure, "Like, permanently. And that is something I've been looking forward to for a long time."
of you change your minds- you know my name."
Spoiler alert, it doesn’t.
"Yeah, then tell me what it's like cause it's lookin to me like you're butt-buddies with a fucking body snatcher without a lick of thought. I always knew Sammy was the smarter one of you, but this, Dean?" He scoffs, taking a swig of his drink with a hollow laugh while he pours the next one. "And you got your brother wrapped up in it now?"
"Not to mention," He continues, looking at Cas, "I powered down all the wardings in this shack so your attack dog could come in."
Sam teased, but really, it was nice. This was before Lucifer, before The Darkness... The Mark still burning a hole in Dean's soul- and he picked up a basket full of crappy romance novels because it was Cas that asked. And when they'd gotten home that day, Dean stacked 'em up on the table and left them for him to come across in his own time. It's not like Sam didn't notice the way Dean smiled to himself watching Cas flip through them all. Not a lot made him smile in those days.
than that.
Dean paces up to his dad's truck, swinging his arms wide at him in silent question. John ignores it, instead focusing on heaving his duffel into the back seat and slamming the door with an unwarranted aggression.
? Reigning together a few more hunters?
He rolls his eyes, head lolling with the movement, "Right. Dean, you've gotta have a little faith in-"
Dean smiles, still staring down, "Thanks, Cas."
It's still playing out on the bench between them, and Dean grimaces, "No.
"I'm not." He says it as sternly as he'd pass an order in the field because it's something that simply can't be questioned. He can't have Cas thinking that Dean is just using him or entertaining him or anything at all outside of the truth. Even if Dean can't quite bring that truth into words just yet. He says it less hard the second time, "I'm not."
The driveway is more like a brick-lined parking lot than slab of thin pavement- there's scattered beaters parked in all different directions, must be something like ten cars. There's even a dude on a motorcycle swinging his leg off of it as they pull up and park behind him.
"Just because other people deserve good things, doesn't mean you don't."
Cas pauses then, thumbs circling each other, "I think she might be right."
“Oh, right, yeah well you’ve gotta have a well rounded musical education around here. Better than that poppy crap you’ve been listening to.”
Dean tries very very hard to etch that imagery away from his mind completely.
She scrunches her nose back at him and waves her finger between he and Cas, "You two are cute." She says, then disappears behind the counter.
Sam clicks his tongue, sighing as they trail back to the kitchen, "Dad."
kind of religious."
"God doesn't
"I don't know why he was trying to separate us all in the first place..." Dean mumbles, knowing damn well he knows exactly why- and one peek at Sam tells him he might just know exactly why, too.
The one smidgen of saving grace in this situation- at least it’s not Sam who must do it. That thought alone might give Cas his last bit of extra resolve.
"Oh," She drags her eyes down his face, pursing her lips, "Please don't."
"Hey buddy, long time."
She has a point. He purses his lips in faux consideration, nods, and raises his cup. "Come one, come all."
Those small moments, ever since gaining Sam and Dean back, he seems to get aimlessly lost in them- just watching either of them in the mundane. And Benjamin is a loss, certainly, but with every loss it's only a means of reminding how fleeting everything is. How paper thin the certainty is of a tomorrow.
Dean blinks, taken aback. How the hell do people know all this shit? Monsters really talk all that much?
She takes the seat at the end of the table beside Cas, and Claire plops down beside Kaia, giving her a swift peck on the cheek before overloading her pancakes in syrup and digging in. Cas takes the syrup next and slowly drizzles it in a swirl, mimicking Claire’s action. He nearly drowns them too but Dean holds out a hand to stop him. When Cas looks up questioningly, Dean just shakes his head, takes the syrup, and slides it down to Jody.
"Not cool..." He frowns down at the body, fear touching his eyes, "Okay, what now?"
Someone will find his body there. Maybe Sam. And then Sam'll have all these times floating around in his head, Dean saying there's no better way to go out. Like he's
The sky sinks into a dark pink, air cooling around the carnival while twinkle-lights flicker to life above their heads. Laughter, feet padding excitedly across dirt, bells, whistles, and the whining grind of metal tracks, all settle in the air as a kind of soundtrack to the winding down of the day.
For all his bravado and rough edges, on the inside Dean's the softest guy you'll ever meet. Just those few words have his eyes glistening, looking up at his little brother with a type of gooeyness the man rarely lets out with anybody. He shakes it off best he can, breaking into a grin and holding his arms out wide so Sam can fold into them.
Thing is, Dean's been in this situation before. He
"Gotta be true to the spirit a' the holiday" She beams, "'Sides, I gotta get goin' soon. Hanscums are big on the family dinners so I gotta spread the love while I can. 'S what the day's all about."
Cas had forgotten that people do that when they see death. That sniffing the dead and palming corpses like it's nothing is an abnormality outside of his own home.
As always, subscribe if you wanna, and please leave some comments! Love to read your feedback!
That can't ever happen to this Cas.
"What does that mean?"
Tommy sighs, rolling his eyes inwardly before turning to the other two eyeing he and the 'agents' curiously, "Guys, I'll meet you inside." He steps up, lazily sizing up Cas, then John, "Agent, and... agent?"
"I don't mean to make you uncomfortable."
"Sounded like you could use it."
He kicks his toe in the dirt a few times, then stops, “I used to
They hang out. Like friends. Cause that's what friends do. It's not Dean's fault he's never really had very many. The ones he does have... he likes to keep close. They're important. And Cas is his
I encourage reading the full entry for the full picture. It’s one of many which deeply bothers me from the many things left unsaid on this single day- and emphasizes how unreliable a narrator John is in his own journals, in my opinion.
They know it's Benjamin simply because of the wings. There's a photo accompanying that of the body on the report: black, ashen, unmistakable wings of an angel spread out wide and flat against the wall of the arcade.
Dean shifts his head to face Cas completely, grabbing the angel's jaw and planting a soft, slow kiss on the scruff of his cheek, the corner of his mouth, and finally his lips. He went for just a peck, but Cas comes back in for more with long, gentle, open-mouthed caresses. Dean grips around Cas' back and crushes their bodies together fully, breathing out a groan and painfully separating when he decides they could easily slip outside of the PG zone and doesn't want to get there on Jody's floor, in someone else's clothes, in front of their family. Abruptly, he tears Cas' arms from around him and sits up, disoriented. Luckily the coffee table still at least partially obstructs the view of the pair from the rest of the room, while Dean tries to breathe and calm himself down from his inappropriately lustful thoughts.
"Oh, you thought that people would buy that Jael killed him?" Dean glares down at the man, tilting his head in disgust, "So you hung your best friend to cover your own ass..."
It'd be something grossly romantic instead. He'd pull that mixtape out from where it's buried in his desk and hand it over. Push himself over that line- unsure how Cas would take it. Unsure Cas would even understand it. Take that action, regardless, just because he
Dean jolts to action first, heading towards the bathroom and leaving Cas standing awkwardly in the living room. As soon as he shuts the door, Dean turns to the mirror, slams his beer on the counter, and finally takes in his appearance. Cas had been right, of course. There's dried blood settled in the creases of the entire right side of his face, all seeming to have oozed from a deep gash just below his hairline. He can't even pinpoint when in the fight that happened, but it seems to be the only real damage. The blood on the rest of his clothes isn't his.
"The delivery boy?"
Sam grins and Eileen smiles up at him. Their stools are basically on top of each other and she has both arms wrapped around one of Sam's, one leg resting over his lap. Sam's eyes catch hers and he looks down, all sheepish. Sam, the big lug, all six-foot-something of him and he still blushes when his girlfriend looks at him. Dean can't help but smile. He's glad Sam gets to have a happy, sappy start at life with Eileen.
awhile to come around, too."
"Yeah, alright," Dean says, slapping his brother's arm in passing, "First one up grabs breakfast!"
Cas leans back against the side of his table, hands fisted in trenchcoat pockets.
Dean wakes in the morning inside a prison of arms and the bustling sound of whispering bodies scurrying through the kitchen. His entire front is nothing but heat radiating off of the other body and he can feel the angel's breath warm and steady on the top of his head. His own arm is draped over Cas' middle, a leg thrust up between Cas' legs and tangled in their grip. He doesn't want to open his eyes yet and greet the day. He wants to just live here forever in this singular moment of bliss.
"What are
"Hello, Dean." Cas' deep voice grumbles on the other side, low, with a background of chattering voices and clinking silverware.
That stupid angel and his stupid feelings. Which he learned all from Dean, apparently.
"Rowena. I broke several speed limits and left one policeman asleep in his vehicle when he refused to stop chasing me, but... it's very..." He lets out a breath, eyes drifting towards the stairs, "Inconvenient... travelling in crisis without wings. I often envy you and Dean's relative calm in these situations."
doin' the work we do."
Turns out the vamps were holdovers from a nest Claire and Donna had raided a few weeks ago. They'd tried picking up the trail but it had gone cold, then the end of the world happened and things kind of just got pushed under the rug. Dean is trying not to yell about leaving shit unfinished, but him staying uncharacteristically silent seems to make everyone just as tense as if he did.
"Oh, so you're exempt but I'm not?"
"No, I..." Cas grips the back of the chair with his fingertips, nails digging into the leather, speaking with a resolve he doesn't have, "Dean told me to go. The woman-"
They rise, exiting side by side, without a peep more of protest from either winged halo.
for help and then he just stopped." Cas says, taking a breath and holding up his chin, "I need to know if he's still alive."
They all keep spouting off "fresh start" but none seem all too willing to actually follow through. There's just too much history there. Too much that's happened that can't be forgot.
"Got something." Dean raises his voice from the other side of the room, angel blade in hand and held up. He strides over, placing it in Cas’ outstretched hand, "Looks like we had a little angel-on-angel action."
"The hell was that about?" Dean grumbles.
He leans against her side, the chilled metal biting through his jeans. Could just be so cold because they're in fucking Canada. A place where no one should live.
"Ah, lighten up. Here- won this for you." Dean tugs a large stuffed moose from under his arm and holds it out to his brother.
He likes this routine they’ve found themselves in. Huddled up after hunts and days in separate cars, passing out watching shit together. Well, Cas doesn’t pass out, but still.
He takes that for granted so much, having him here alive. How does he always manage to forget what it's like when he's not here? Because half the time he acts like he remembers but other times he's a complete dick and- it was almost too late today. Too late to fess up to
Its too much.
"What you want me to do?" His voice cracks, sparking Dean to turn back to face him. Cas is looking at him completely raw, brows drawn and eyes searing, looking for an answer. He hasn't been showing it at all until now, but Cas is scared. And why wouldn't he be? This is new for him, too. Except where Dean has relationships and knowledge to pull from and people to fall back on, Cas doesn't have all that. He's just a guy who's barely even gotten a handle on emotions at all, much less how to navigate them in a romantic relationship. Because that's what this is... a relationship. It could be.
He thinks of the Cas that never came to exist, in a world where Lucifer won. That Cas, barely a shell of this one before him, having meaningless sex left and right, drugged up out of his mind, without a care in the world. He wonders, idly, if that was a Cas in a world where Dean never let himself love him back. Where Dean never sat here, baring his chest, and told Cas- no, I don't kiss you just because you're a body and you're warm, I kiss you because you're Cas and you're the only body I ever want to touch again. Because it's not possible that that other Dean wouldn't love him at all. It couldn't be. It's unbearable to think about, because this one does. This Dean can't be a coward about it.
"Angle for a check-up on patient Doe." John continues, face close to the doc, and Marion nods rapidly, pulling up the contact. "Speakerphone."
The other man rapidly tosses a hand out flat in the space between himself and the blonde. Her body jerks to the side- hit with nothing but a pocket of air- and collides with the back wall, denting into the plaster, her head bobbing dazedly with the impact.
Dean abandoned the Impala at the gated fence before scrambling down the darkened path with little more than a gun in one hand and murderous intent in his veins.
Dean finds himself rising on stiff legs, knowing there's no eyes on him but feeling them anyway. He wanders up the stairs and down the hall. Some would call it snooping, he'd call it getting some air.
"Why not? Sam is. It's finally quiet out there... it might be time." Cas pauses, putting a hand on Dean's shoulder and catching his gaze, "The choice is yours. Like I said, I'm by your side no matter what. I just want you to be happy, Dean, and I don't want you to settle for a hunter's life just because you think that's all you are and all you can be."
Dean, too. He imagines that perhaps being held by someone other than him can be nice if especially wanting... but if it's someone you truly love... it's an entirely different sensation.
Without a moment's hesitation, Dean jerks the gun back directly ahead of himself- shoots. The bullet
Dean: The brits?
Dean says nothing. He doesn't know what he
"Oh, halle-freakin'-lujah."
I may post another chapter or so within the next week, but I’m unsure. I’m moving tomorrow so things will be busy for a lil while for me. But also writing this has been a great way of distracting from that stress so who knows, maybe I’ll get even more done hahah.
"Got something-" Sam straightens it out, looking right, then left- at the mountainous structures spotting the horizon, "Alright, looks like that's Elk Mountain, which makes...
Dean exchanges a look with Sam, and they stand simultaneously, Sam calling, "Cas?" the same time Dean hollers, "Cas, wait up."
"You asked
"Nonsense! Jody has herself a king-sized over in there! You think I'm opposed to a lil bed-sharing?" She winks at Eileen and the boys, "'Sides, not my first sleepover here! You all rest up! Early mornin' tomorrow!"
Dean digs his cell from his pocket and paces back down the way he came, hitting Cas' name in the contacts. A phone rings from behind one of the doors ahead. The call drops as Cas declines it, so Dean hits call again. A ring sounds out from behind Dean's own bedroom door. He stops just outside, then lets himself in. Cas is sitting on the bed wearing what appears to be a pair of Dean's jeans and t-shirt, head in his hands.
"I also think you're stronger than you give yourself credit for."
There's a hum of "ooh's" and some raised brows at Jody sitting on the arm of one of the chairs.
Ruled by vengeance for much of his life, his distaste for all things supernatural will surely not do Cas any favors in winning the man's friendship. Furthermore, he's a man of control. He's radiating irritation at his current lack of such in a situation that cannot be controlled- his gaze piercing on Dean's back when he finally speaks up, pointedly not looking over at Cas at all.
The two angels are mere feet apart, glaring down at one another, and Dean knows where this is going before it even begins. He just waits for his moment, hand slowly slipping into the inside of his jacket where his angel blade's been safely tucked away.
"Oh, don't you dare!"
"It's my child."
Blearily swinging his head to the side, he watches Lucifer crowd over Crowley's still body amidst a pile of debris.
Only stopping for gas, the drive to Cleveland gets Cas into the city in the late evening. Figuring it's an indecent time for the "FBI" to be interviewing witnesses, he checks into a hole in the wall motel on the edge of town, collapsing onto the bed as though he's the type of person who needs sleep at the end of a long drive like that.
EMF is quiet. John might be having better luck in the woods surrounding the property, but Sam tries to be smarter about it...
"Alright," Dean's gaze drifts between them, and he clears his throat, focusing intently back on his lunch, "Quit flirting before I lose my appetite."
"She's
"I'm not having this conversation with you-"
I was.
Wafflehouse.
"So what happened to your daughter, was that God's plan?" Sam keeps her gaze, clenching his jaw.
"And you're better?" Sam asks.
"Wait," Dean cuts in, forgetting for a second he's supposed to be keeping a pointed silence, "So Benjamin's a woman?"
Sam pauses, readjusting, shuffling his feet, "You wanna talk about what this is really about?"
Cas pockets his phone and strides in the side door. It only takes a moment to locate them. They're the only three men who would wear flannel and workboots so comfortably in the middle of an upscale hotel.
"No." He looks at Dean sternly, holding his gaze, "The Devil is free because of me. Finding him is
Just divey enough, and just cheap enough. Theme doesn't hurt either.
Where Dean was stuck in a ravaged future with scorched earth and crazies lusting for blood on every corner, but there was also Cas. Five years in the future, no grace, a little worse for wear and nothing like the guy Dean knew at the time- but he was there. Standing beside a worn-out, broken shell of a Dean, still fighting the good fight. Didn't turn his back once in all those years, even though
Loraine asks, her words sharp with a venom.
Pretty much everyone is wasted, swaying back and forth around the fire bellowing old rock songs alongside the stereo as if they're pirates chanting sea shanties. Dean finds himself singing along loudly to a couple songs, passing a bottle of whiskey between himself and Sam. They both sing along to an old AC/DC song at some point, Dean swaying back and forth with his arm draped over his little brother who's even farther gone than he is. Dean didn't mean to get here, but he's
"The status of one's otherness doesn’t correlate with their status as 'good' or 'bad'. There are demons with capacity for goodness, and angels with a proclivity for evil. From experience, neither of our bearings on the spectrum has much to do with our relationships with which side of the war we find ourselves on and why.” He pauses, “Our stance doesn’t change what weakens us any more than it would you."
Dean must've heard him come in because when Cas slides into the booth across from him, he's unsurprised, just simply lifting his gaze from his mug with a fond smile.
He shuts off everything in his brain screaming he's doing something wrong- something fucked up- and presses harder against her slender frame. Bodies tangled together in all the ways he needs- but there's way too many clothes for what he
"You think this is funny? Huh?" He marches forward, closing the few feet between them. Her expression remains completely unchanged- which just makes his anger
”Well hell, if I wasn’t sold before, I sure am now.” He jokes.
She'd like Cas, though, he thinks. He's strange, sure, but he's nearly as endlessly kind as she'd always been. Patient and good.
"See?" Loraine raises her glass.
Cas stood then, and moved to put the cassette on his desk. The desk with nothing on it. The empty room with nothing of Cas’ to show he ever lived there aside from the small tv that Dean had brought home for him one day when the angel had spent over a week sitting in Sam’s room staring at his.
Sam: Talk later
Sam clears his throat, straightening out his face behind a sip of coffee, "What about you?"
"Kelly." He listens, but there's no shuffling on the other side. Another few raps, "Kelly, are you alright? Kelly?"
There's a lot of things to hate about this job, and it's not like he's asking for recognition or anything but it'd be nice if, once in awhile, they weren't carted away as murderers when just trying their damn best in a shit-ass world.
Maybe that's it. He nearly killed Cas with his own hands back then. He didn't do it, of course. But that's always been inside of him, hasn't it? Even without The Mark, he got Cas killed in that other life. He probably had a hand in the weird fried-brained humsn hippy that the guy turned into, too. Some of it likely had something to do with the angels abandoning him, but Dean did too in a way. He just... checked out.
What if this is the last day they'll ever get?
Something burning in the kitchen offends Dean’s nostrils into consciousness. His overwhelming nausea warns that it’s far too early to be awake, but he gets up against his better judgment. The room spins sideways as he shifts to sit up, and a groan escapes his chest.
"Alright, who we meetin'?" Sam asks, climbing out of the car.
"Yeah, like hunters but... not. Another long story."
But Dean's barely listening anymore, having fallen back onto his bed, face buried in the pillows, voice muffled, "Bye, Cas."
All up to the very end, maybe five- ten minutes left. Ennis goes to Jack’s folks house wishing them condolences.
since that’s not a thing Dean Winchester just
"I think I'm correct in the assumption that if all of your condoms appear to be expired-" He's holding in a smile as he makes the finishing touches on the drawing, "it quite does seem like my business as your friend to inform you of that fact."
"Just drive along the road, and you'll see us." He pauses, trying to find the right words to tell him- deciding on, "And, Cas... the sooner the better. We're kinda on the clock here."
"Yes. It sounded like Hebrew." His eyes unfocus as he recalls a few words from the incantation, reciting them back, "
Mary dying was never a good enough excuse for it. Still isn't.
Rowena hits his hand, "Stop touching everything."
"Dean-" Sam cuts in, but Dad interrupts again first.
The past ten years haven't been kind to Dean with all the ways time can wound a man. The lines of his face are harsher now, and he carries himself like a man who's seen too many things and expects to see a few more before the day's done. Outwardly, he supposes, he can't look all that different from the soft-faced twenty-something that John once knew.
"Right! Yes Ma'am," Dean says, the same time Cas utters, "Of course."
See, he always knew John was a bad father. He always knew that he'd leave the boys too long, dump them with Bobby or by themselves for extended amounts of time... and those were the better days. The rest of the time he'd drink too much or yell too much, and he'd drill all these lessons on survival in to them like they weren't just kids. They were made out to be child soldiers when they had no business in becoming that.
Crowley takes the lead, toeing up to the front door with exaggerated tip-toes on the wooden porch like he expects each board to creak under his weight. Only one does.
Cas shrugs subtly, choosing to keep his eyes on Mick as well- who is suspiciously confident and composed at how entirely outnumbered he suddenly finds himself.
tend to do my very best work. You'd think when selling your
"The autopsy results." Sam eyes him, leaning against the counter with a bit more concern in his eyes, "Are you still drunk?"
"Hey," Sam's voice cracks a little bit, so he clears his throat when Cas looks up, "How'd you know where we were?"
"Just... happy you're back." finally, he raises his eyes back up and takes his own sip.
across the tile like someone who has something to prove.
. He wants some things so desperately, if he ever allowed himself to even think about them more than a passing, fleeting daydream... and he let himself start to
The woman- with the red hair.
"You should rest." Cas sighs, not bothering to turn.
She slams the door in his face.
Randy cuts in excitedly, tipping a beer towards him, "Angel that pulled you from the pit?"
Dean snickers, muffling himself so Crowley doesn't catch it, "This is so weird, man."
"No, no, no." That man placates, hands tossed up flat, then points to himself, "Brother," he points at the man with glasses, "Witch!"
He turns- to Billie standing arms crossed, a usual smug smirk happily plastered on.
Lisa was the first real lesson on this. Then Cas, and Cas again, and Benny, then Cas, Cas, Cas... How many times is he gonna have to lose the angel to realize that he'll never be able to keep him?
A moment passes, "What the hell are you talking about?"
Dean starts mentally filtering through the languages he's familiar with, landing on a few that sound similar, but that doesn't mean he can translate at the top of his head.
Sam fiddles with the tv remote, flicking the tube on.
It's not that Cas does everything Dean always tells him to do- as seems to be his reputation. In fact, Dean himself would probably say Cas never listens to him at all. But that's not entirely accurate either.
"Like I said," Ketch shoots back, "Excitable."
As fine as the man’s ever been, anyway. Gruff, angry, drunken old guy that he is and always has been. John Winchester’s “fine” is a couple scotches deep and not taking off for the hills first chance he gets.
"Okay," Sam scratches the back of his head, looking down at his food.
"And the woman?" Sam prods.
How many times are they gonna have to do this before Dean nuts up and takes things for what they are? How many times is Cas gonna get beaten to a pulp just for giving a shit about Dean, for being perfectly fine with dying for him? Because of him?
his own responsibility. They shouldn't get in the middle now. They'll be upset, of course, but right now the best option is to keep Crowley as his backup, with Rowena, and leave the brothers out of it. That way, if the three of them end up killed today, at least the world will still have the Winchesters to do something else about it tomorrow.
There hasn’t been enough time. Ten years is hardly anything. He needs more.
There's a couple of beds, and a table, little kitchen. Tv in the corner. Nice little room.
"Not the whole time," A small smirk touches his lips, and he chuckles, "John was a welcome visitor on occasion."
If he lets Mick go and lets him cross where an angel cannot follow, he could simply go back on his promise and kill the Winchesters. Then again, he'd have to know if he did that, there's no place on or off this earthly plane that he could hide that Cas would not eventually find.
"Get out of our room." Cas grumbles, moving to plant a kiss on Dean's temple.
Sam shrugs, "According to Roseleen, there's a big
She smirks, turning to the computer, "Dumper or dumpee?"
When he turns, Dean's already looking at him. The needle on the record player keeps trailing, humming nothing but static. It trips over a divot every circulation, sending a light
"What?"
But they do, never leaving Dean’s face. He tilts his head and smiles, “I know, Dean. It’s okay. Really.”
He starts heading for the bunker, and Cas creaks open the door to the cab of the truck. Dean stops, considering a moment, then turns back around.
(See the end of the chapter for
He glances in the rearview, Cas' eyes are already there looking back. He nods in agreement.
be for him?”
”It's- we don't talk about anything! You just let him walk all over you because that's easier than actually fighting for something for yourself for once in your life!" He pauses, swallowing, "And I don't talk about it either. I've just let it happen, but I'm not a kid anymore so there's no excuse to keep ignoring all the shit I'm supposed to pretend I don't know about."
"I didn't. I... I thought that she-"
"Wait..." Sam might as well have been stabbed across the table. His face contorts in a series of emotions, settling on tempered rage, struggling to keep his voice even, “You- you
"Wrong." Crowley cuts in calmly, "He's the devil. Horns, pitchfork, the whole nine."
Jack looks at him then, and tilts his head in a very Cas manner, squinting before he says boldly yet entirely cryptic, "I don't think you do."
John waits.
"We've had to do some… bad things through the years to get by- no arguing that. But we saved a lot of people doing it. Like
”God, why doesn't he just... fucking try?" Dean finally says, shaking his head, collecting himself with a wry chuckle.
Cas rolls his eyes, running his hand down his face. Fantastic. Sealed files. Another failed clue. John seems to come to this same conclusion, letting out a gruff sigh.
Cas: You say the same to me every day
An angel, in his most vulnerable form, trusting Dean Winchester of all people in the goddamn world to watch over him. Hell of a thing.
Right.
that feeling in. There's no knuckles curled bruising skin, they have lips to do that.
"I mean," Sam clears his throat, readjusting again, "It's fine if... uh, I mean," he stops again, lets out a forced chuckle, running a hand through his hair, "You guys are like an old married couple, man. Isn't that what you do when someone's on their deathbed? Call up the spouse?"
"So you know. Don’t you?"
"Do you have any idea where they might have gone?" Cas asks, rolling his shoulders to straighten up, putting the Crowley problem on the backburner in the meantime.
"Maybe you don't know your own wiring 's well as you think you do." John quirks a brow, downing his glass. He taps the side again, nodding to the bartender.
The man reminds Cas, just barely, of Dean. Though that's not saying much. Everything reminds him of Dean now.
Now, he's just a guy that's gonna be fighting the good fight til it kicks him right into the grave.
"Hah hah," Sam grins, then shrugs, "Figured we'd stop by on the way home, see you, Claire and Alex."
She holds her hands out as though bracing to fall in any direction, and her eyes fall on the other four crowding her. Dean offers a small wave and smile. Sam hands her a small glass of water.
"Magda, it's okay. Your family is safe. He's not going to hurt you. I'm going to make sure no one hurts you, okay?"
Dean? Maybe he doesn’t. Maybe he just loves Dean in like a more than platonic way but less than romantic one. What would that look like? Isn’t that what they’ve already been all along? Crap, did Cas even
He shoves John against the side of the truck, the impact of his body clanging a sharp echo through the lot- and prods a finger in his father's face, "You are
"Yep. Epic night." He grins Sam's way, brushing right past him to the exit.
Sam: Yeah sure
"Yeah, I changed my mind." He keeps his voice low, turning to watch the melee- Lily's garnered an upper hand with one blade swinging down, then the next in her opposite hand- Ishim blocks one blow but he's too slow for the second, and she comes down with the handle for a disorienting hit straight to the nose. It might not be a totally even fight, but it's damn close.
"Yep."
"Papa Winchester here too?" Donna asks, peering around when finally releasing her hold.
Elijah instructs Dean to shimmy a longer, thinner log beneath the carriage, a way to give the entire cart leverage at just the right time. Dean holds the stick in place and waits for Elijah's go ahead.
Hell, maybe he and Sam are getting up there enough to fit in that category now, too. They're sure reclusive enough for it. And they've got probably what? Maybe a couple good years left before this job kills them? Rufus and Bobby were damn near elderly in a hunter's lifespan. Sam and Dean? Over the hill.
"You wouldn't do the same?"
"Oh, that's a load of
“You should let yourself feel good things sometimes, ya know, Sammy. It’s better for the heart. I know you’re all Mr. health over there...” Dean says, pulling down the next road, following the signs to the motel.
He kicks back the glass, taking the swig before firmly planting the glass in front of him, staring down at what's left of the brown liquid.
“Well, most of the population was dead or diseased. Sam had said yes. Chuck was there, as was I..." He pauses, the corner of his mouth quirking up, "That part actually surprised me.”
"Sam didn't kill anybody, dad." He yells back, slapping a hand on the wheel, foot pressing down a little too aggressively on the gas. He eases back up, collecting himself, breathing in, lowering his voice to an even tone, "Nobody that didn't deserve it."
Dana brings around the check, and Dean takes it, leaning forward to pull out his wallet and count out a number of bills- far more than needed. He hands them over, putting in a to-go order for another burger and sandwich wrap while grinning up at her.
"Boys. What can I get ya?" She licks the tip of her pen, presses it to the pad, looking between them expectantly. Her bracelets
to confront John." He pauses, maybe waiting for Dean to argue, but when he doesn't, continues, "Your life... you're still greatly impacted by the way he raised and treated you. I'm certain there are things you had to do, or perhaps that John
think you got plenty of snuff."
Both he and Cas ignore him, Dean nodding, "Yeah. Yeah, I guess I'd
What he can do right now is give him one thing, though. A moment. He can do that. Because Dean Winchester is shit with words. Because Dean Winchester is a man of action. That's how he shows people he cares. That's how he'll show Cas he cares.
"That's because she's not herself." Dean says, eyes still on John before turning towards the demon inside Jody, "Are you?"
Time seems to stretch, against what he logically knows to be in the laws of nature. The tiniest details so encompassing- the air barely moves around them, yet the grass and wildflowers overgrown in the field beside still sway with it, emitting a peaceful sigh. Crickets alongside, of course. Chirping to one another from afar.
Jack asks.
, too.
"Not funny." Sam huffs. A mixture of relief, blinding anger, and even more relief all slipping out through a series of shaky exhales. Cas lofts off the wall behind him, and he, too, frowns up at Dean like he's five seconds away from throttling the man to death himself.
He looks between them, as if expecting an answer. When he doesn't get one, he continues, "No more orders. No more punching each other. No more pushing each other away. We either work as a unit, or not at all!" Sam huffs out a breath, a hand running through his hair. He spreads out his arms, "So what's it gonna be?"
"Come on, I got you." He grunts out, tugging the angel to one of the pews, a steadying hand gripped firm on his bicep, “Come on.”
The demon chuckles from deep in his chest, pointing the blade at him. "Careful now... You'll hurt my feelings, and I might... lash out."
going to help him? Why?"
"What does that mean?"
(Today 8:23 AM)
Cas says it firmly, eyes on the space of seat between them before raising to Sam's and softening, letting that mask finally slip, "I know what it means."
What if
"Sam?" He breathes out again, smaller, barely able to cling on to the thought.
He moves to swing again but Lucifer lands a kick- Dean takes the distraction, handcuffs in hand- and while Lucifer’s still intent on Cas- locks one band around the angel’s wrist.
Billie looks him up and down, slowly, then steps around him, holding a single hand up to the door, "Better get ready, cowboy. When I tell you to jump, you jump."
"Ah, yes, that's how it goes isn't it?" Crowley smirks at Cas, who's jaw is clamped shut, a muscle jumping as he stares down Crowley like he's considering smiting him right then and there.
Okay, alright. So not
John doesn't seem to absorb those words, still. Staring instead at the glass balanced between a couple of fingers.
Dean: You're kidding
"Yeah," Sam scoffs, "Guarded like the Hope Diamond. Plan C?"
Sam is saying things. Jack is saying things. Dean isn't ashamed to admit he doesn't give a flying fuck about what kinds of things either person is saying. He gets up and stumbles across the room, colliding with a solid-mass of trenchcoat and angel. Living. Breathing. Warm. Alive.
Cas: (yikes emoji)
Dean looks at him for awhile, soaking in the lines of Cas' lips and the dark lashes framing glossy blue eyes. Cas looks right back, and he wonders what he sees, laugh lines at the corners of his eyes or the harsh angry folds of his forehead? Maybe both, since when you love someone you can't just love the parts of them that make them beautiful, but who they are despite the ugliest ones. Just like Cas, in all his wrongdoings, Dean has never been able to not forgive him, to not see the good in him still. Any other hunter, any other man, should've turned their back on this angel a few times over. Then again Cas should've done the exact same thing to Dean. Neither could ever seem to do it. Not completely.
Wait, Dean-
"You really believe that?" Sam is looking at him, a sad look in his eye.
Dean rolls his eyes, settling back into his seat with a new heat rising up his neck, "I got it."
, it's amazing... he's never dreamed to have any small percentage of his dead family back... but Dean can hardly pinpoint why it would be the thing he needs
Physically, there's nothing wrong with him. His heart-rate has picked up slightly, breathing more rapid, but that's to be expected during combative states- He has absolutely no substances in his system that would cause such behaviors. Nothing at all there in interference with normal patterns. But still, there's something strange threading within him, he just can't quite get a handle on what it is...
"Did you have a look inside?"
"Yeah, like
He peeks over with the corner of his eye, then flickers his sight back to the road. Crowley doesn't seem like the type to run into the line of fire to potentially die in the place of another, but perhaps he's changed more than Cas had realized.
"'Night, Cas."
Dean tightens his arms around his chest, hands forming into fists tucked in his armpits.
"What's he saying?" Sam whispers, trying to put his ear closer to the phone.
Sometimes he hates it when he does that. Other times, he thinks it's the same way Cas always looks at him. Always has.
This room, if any, reminds him of Bobby's. It feels like there's whiskey engrained in the wood-floors and more stories laid out in their worn treadings.
Cas eyed Dean curiously, but took the tape and read the side, “top thirteen Zepp tracks?”
Text conversation from Dean to Cas 7:06 PM
She places her empty on the coffee table and snags Cas' untouched beer from between his fingertips. He lets her, then settles back against the couch.
That's when Dean lets himself look over. See the fluttering of eyelids just barely illuminated by the light from under the door, soft lips barely moving around gentle tufts of breath.
rock. It's legitimate hard rock."
Text- Cas to Dean (2:14 AM)
"Now we get out of here. Let's go. Come on."
"Alcohol usually helps." Dean jokes, then sobers, "But don't worry about it. I'm a light sleeper, we're fine."
"In Sioux Falls? You bet your ass."
"Jesus, Cas..." Dean breathes finally, breaking his gaze away to look down at his shoes. "You can't just say stuff like that..."
It's in the way he looks at his sons now... like they've tumbled down a road so dark you can't see through the thick of it to know who's the enemy and who's the friend anymore.
"So should I-"
How many times growing up had he had a gun pulled on him just trying to wake dad up so he'd help drive him and Sammy to school?
The house is the next best bet, so he pads that way, keeping the flashlight off this time and an ear out for the Petersons.
Cas: Thank you
Doesn't look like he hit anything with it, though. At least not this close to the building.
"I understand." Cas chuckles, "It's much easier for demons and angels to comprehend the fluidity of our true forms in comparison to our vessels. In essence," he pats a hand on his chest, "Jimmy's body has become as much a part of me as this form you can't see. Simply for the fact that you
With a final grumbling sigh, Cas relents, padding around Dean and finally laying down. He shifts his position several more times, clearly struggling with getting comfortable. A few moments pass with nothing, then, "I hate sleeping."
He's trying very hard not to look at the clock. If he doesn't look, the time might not tick away as fast.
Dean: Ok mom
that's the problem. He wants to say all these things but instead he just ends up with-
"Naughty?" Cas rolls his eyes, feigning ignorance- not looking to open up
S            my-
Not like he can argue with that. He's heard similar from a lot stranger folks, just a lot more don't usually take the plunge into full-blown Little House.
"That- what?" Dean blinks, dropping his arms slow- since the man immediately loses complete interest in Dean and turns his attention to the car at their side.
"Come on," Sam smacks his brother's sleeve, tugging him along, leading him to the back exit- "Alright, so..." he feels around his jacket, pulling a flashlight from the inner pocket, eyes roaming the area, "You crashed there-" motioning to the garbage pile beside the building, flashlight swinging to the open lot and stretch of woods beyond the camera's eye, "You ran that way. Uh, shot..." his eyes fall to the ground, "Here-" a shell casing discarded in the dirt, he picks it up, "Yep. Witch killing bullet."
”No, but he was still a person. And he meant something- to a lot of people. Lucifer just took all that and just twisted all that up and snuffed it out.” He shakes his head, “Lucifer was bad enough when he had a plan, a motive. Now he’s just having fun. I mean, how many people died tonight? Them, this, it’s all on us. We let him out. We’re not winning. We’re just… losing slow. And you heard what he said-“
It's dark out now, the air has that cold in it that's warning of winter- with the breeze that signals first with a shifting of the long grass twenty yards out, and then chills you right to the bone. Nights like this always used to be the worst when they'd have to sleep the night in the Impala. Baby is a lotta things but she is not warm and fuzzy inside.
"Well, again, what the hell?" Dean says, wiping off the corner of his mouth with a napkin, bunching it, and tossing it on his plate.
Sam lets out a frustrated sigh, jerking his arm from Dean's grip- though he does look immediately apologetic for the movement. "Dad's fine. He's inside."
"Mr. President?" A voice yells, but there's little time to react before two men brandishing firearms aimed at each brother's head tramp heavy-footed into the room.
With that, he marches into the diner, leaving Dean standing dumbstruck with his mouth half-open and a retort that hasn't left his lips. Sam turns to his brother with simple amusement, crosses his arms, and falls casually back against the Impala in wait for word inside. Like that's a thing they do now. Wait.
It makes him think, somewhere inside, maybe they're both so aware of the hold they have on each other, it circles right back around to ignorance. Cause, much like Dean thinks he doesn't deserve it, Cas thinks he doesn't either.
"You know, uh, we're gonna, um... we'll figure it out. Alright?" Sam's eyes are hard on the side of his head, but he can't bring himself to meet them, "We will."
"Because my movies are good. You like my movies."
"Okay," Sam scoffs, huffing out a breath, swiping a hand down his chin while he finds the words.
All the same, when he does finally stand and collapse back on the bed, sprawled out on his back- his phone dings three more times.
Cas: It's about Sam and Dean
He was this close.
Dean: Scratch that
He parks the truck at the edge of the tree line, far enough from the house that maybe in a lucky universe and on slim chance, Lucifer won't be warned of their arrival.
So what’s Dean’s excuse, then? For the staring. He’s still doing it. Eyes dragging over Cas’ face, searching for an ounce of hurt or a single reason to call this whole “forget about it” nonsense off. Finding none.
"That doesn't apply to you anymore. Don't tell Sammy." He winks, squeezing Cas' hand.
"But you know how you were back then, man. Dad gave you half an order and you were on your feet in two seconds carrying it through..."
"Yeah, probably for the best." Sam says, distracted by the screen.
"Oh, we've got a charmer here." She grins a toothy, crooked smile and turns to Cas, pointing a finger at Dean as she trails away, "Be careful or someone's gonna try stealin’ that boy away from you."
The few times Dean's actually let himself
Cas: I didn't have your contact and had to "snoop" in his room
He needs to stop. He needs to stop. If Dean's any real friend to Cas, he can't want this from him. He can't want
"That in the cards for the 'legendary Dean Winchester'?" Claire mocks, framing the end in air quotes.
It would say something different to John, though. If he found out. If he saw Cas sneaking out like some chick from the bar.
Cas stays silent, eyes solid on the side of Sam's face- he can feel them there. But he’s also palming his own chest, hand slipping in his trenchcoat's inner breast pocket- maybe for his phone. Well, if he's looking for an escape, he's not getting one just yet. There's a reason Sam saves these talks of his for when he has his target cornered in the car.
"What the Hell?" Dean kicks one of the bodies for good measure, pissed that they had to make their entrance at the specific moment they did.
She tosses up a hand, swatting the air, "Aye, but the
He taps a finger on the steering wheel, gathering his thoughts, "Thing is? Yeah, I've been kinda wanting to fix things- but it wasn't just for me. Dean's the one with the bigger complex about the guy. I mean, dad, he- I'm always gonna admire him some way or another, but the more I find out about him and about back then- I don't know, maybe we do need a little space."
These... people. These people that are supposed to be there for her just turned their back. They make her feel disgusting, like she's this big evil thing instead of a little girl who's scared of the things she can do and just doesn't understand it.
"Magda?"
Cas: (blushing smile emoji, green heart emoji)
Cas can't pretend not to know that Crowley cares for Dean far more genuinely than the others he surrounds himself with. Ever since The Mark- Crowley and Dean have had an unusual sort of friendship and hesitant trust. Cas doesn't like it at all, but he too has an odd relationship with the demon- one that's a lot closer to friend than foe, so he's not in much of a position to judge.
"You survived Hell. You were chosen by God." He lands another hit on Cas- Dean can hear it, but he's too focused on the sigil. He
How do they keep doing that with each other? Every single time.
He doesn't let go of Cas' hand the rest of the ride.
Cas kneels down, picking up one of the heads, "No."
"Yeah, yeah, can it." He shoots back.
"It was hard going for awhile there. She's a strong kid. Both of you are." Dean looks back at the two, each trying to mess up one another's shots into the baskets, hitting arms and laughing. He can't help but smile, too. "Cas is a hard guy to hate once you get to know him."
His trenchcoat is strewn across the comforter beside him, so he reaches over to unpocket his cell. It's pretty late, but for Dean that usually means nothing, so he shoots him a text to check in, asking about their case. He seemed frustrated at the lack of contact yesterday, so perhaps this is something he needs as well.
He'd wondered how no one else sees it... well, here Crowley is taunting the ill-kept secret to his face.
Ishim smiles, only a little, still speaking in that even tone, "Oh, you're not gonna like the answer."
Dean: Har har look at mr. sarcasm now
seen. It mostly made him sad, though.
He and John stand in silence, a mutual unspoken contract issued between them to simply keep things professional. So far Cas thinks this greatly improves their relationship.
Jack breaks the silence again on the way back to the car. "So why would it only be a problem for Cas if
All they've been through, Dean can read Cas as well as he can Sammy. Sometimes better.
Ketch, however, stops Cas by his sleeve, "Do you have any idea what sort of trouble we're walking into?"
"Sure. Yeah, we could help." He stands, voice cold, "Gotta make sure you don't do anything else
"I'm not fluent by any means- our primary focus in heaven has been entirely on humanity for the most part, but some of us have picked up a thing or two in regards to the communication methods of Earth's other creatures. Humans wouldn't be able to understand them in the same ways that we can, of course..."
He nods, smiling in what he hopes is a kind and innocent manner. Not creepy. He doesn't want to be creepy, but Claire would probably say right now that that's what he's being. And weird. And overbearing.
Maybe he should call Jody. If he called now she'd be able to get here before daybreak tomorrow. But then if she got caught too… he'd simply be the useless angel sending all of his friends in to this strange house to die.
"I lost control for a moment."
“Sam-“ Dean warns, holding up a hand as if to stave off whatever argument’s about to start.
Cas mentally ruminates on these facts, trying to compute how anything going on at the current moment ties to another. He knows that John Winchester is dead, yet the man somehow stands before him, and Dean is looking at Cas like he's in just as much disbelief but is rolling with the punches anyways.
Sam looks down at his phone and the string of notifications that've popped up in the past couple of minutes alone, "One sec," He switches over to his laptop, presumably tapping rapidly through a couple of articles. His eyes flicker across the screen, widening.
They round the corner, back toward the front of the diner, and he spares a glimpse at Ishim- doubled over, grunting out ragged half-breaths and clutching at his side, a dark spot blooming around the torn fabrics of his vest. He might be a little worse off than he'd thought.
"Oh. Uh, h- hello?" He puts his mouth up close to the thing, unsure, but the woman gives him an encouraging smile- so he smiles back.
Dean jolts himself back to life, staring down at the two plates in his hands as he slides in beside Cas on the couch. He hands one off to the angel without looking at him. If he looks at him right now he's gonna keep freaking out--
Dean: Any update?
If they don't, should he leave a message with Wendy for them if they arrive, and go check on the Impala? If it's still where they'd parked it, what would that mean? If it's
He glances over his shoulder to the women's room in the corner- door shut firmly. It's been several minutes now- just as he's been sitting here fretting over the Winchesters, she must be feeling entirely too vulnerable as well.
been something they do. They don't just... wait.
Angels haven't been apt to research their own offspring simply for the fact that the act is forbidden. Fornication is... something else all on its own. But fornication for the sake of creating life? It's nothing short of blasphemy. There's no telling what such a thing could become.
Dean chuckles, falling into a sad smile, "I should quit the life, that's what you're saying."
When they arrive on the scene, that's where he heads first, staring up at the stained markings of broken feathers.
He’s not sure exactly when he’d started deeming it acceptable to lounge about Dean’s room, but that's where he ends up spending the majority of his evenings when not in the library. Sam's room, however, has gone on uninhabited.
Cas blinks, brow furrowing in concentration at the screen- a dark 50s pickup putters down the dirt road, parking uneasily several yards from the only other man in the lot. The two men spend a chunk of time there, avoiding one another's eye but still looking when the other isn't.
He stops mid-chew, rolling his eyes, "Why does everyone think-"
He doesn't like the idea of Cas going it alone. Guy has a tendency to just charge in if he sees an opening. Luck's been with him so far, but that always runs out damn quick at all the wrong times.
”That's Cas speak for pretty good,” Dean says, giving Jody a thumbs up. “I’d say, seven out of ten. Not quite as good as buttered popcorn, but not as bad as lasagna.”
"Yeah..." His eyes drift back to Cas starting up a ring toss battle with Claire. Dean doesn't know what else to do with this. He started the conversation but there's nothing else to say. Just confirming the same information at this point.
It helps Cas pull himself back together. A little.
Sam runs an anxious hand through his hair, "You do all this shit for Dean, but what about
Dean can't remember.
That's the thing about Jody... she doesn't just roll with the punches, she seeks out new ones to take for everyone else even though she's already bruised up good. Taking in the girls, losing her family, losing Bobby, learning about this whole underground life of theirs killing monsters, nearly getting killed time and again because of them... she's one of the strongest people he knows.
"Elijah," Abraham says, "What's wrong?"
"I don't know," he picks up his mug, shrugging, then sets it back down, realizing the thing's empty, "You know, maybe the guy got whacked by, uh, some mob dude with an ironic sense of humor."
Cas falls to his knees in front of her, breathing heavily, "You held him for long enough."
"I don't know what that means." Cas knows exactly what that means, but still tries to shrug, nonchalant. Another awkward movement. His voice way too stiff.
Dean is an asshole.
"I'm an artist, Mr. Winchester." Ketch holds up his car key, tapping the button. With a
"Wait, wait, wait, wait." Dean mumbles, focusing intently on his little figure speaking to someone just outside of the camera's range.
"Maybe he blew the wrong person's savings."
"And I won't let you sacrifice yourselves. You mean too much to me, to everything." Cas rakes in a shaky breath, collecting himself, "Yeah, you made a deal. You made a stupid deal, and I broke it. You're welcome."
So he jolts forward, too, all those images clear as day in his mind- knowing he can't do much but he can't do nothing, either.
"So it's all very simple, really. Mick Davies asked you to join our effort, which we're taking international. My instructions are to strongly encourage a 'yes.'" Ketch stands beside his own trunk, hands clasped in front of him.
”We’ll cross that bridge when we get to it.” Dean waves it off, shucking off his jacket.
“I know you don’t sleep but, uh, might wanna at least take the night, get a load off. Have a binge sesh.”
, the colt! The 'kills-nearly-everything'...
The bell jingles with his exit.
Fuck, wait.
"No. No, you're not. You're really not." He almost smiles, but drops it.
who you turn into. His dad was
Pure and simple. A better man than Dean could ever hope to be, and he deserves this. He deserves Eileen. He deserves a life and a family. And now he gets to have it because they finally earned that freedom.
"You seem to have a few of those." John mutters.
"Yes," Crowley looks resolved at Sam, "Vince Vincente is riding with the Devil.”
Dial tone.
Someone- Dean's blaming Alex- gets the bright idea to string up some blankets in the crappiest little makeshift pillow fort he's ever seen- and play
"I think this is a case where I'd rather have
Dean captures his wrist, fluttering in and out of consciousness, and rakes in a deep yawn.
There's no trace, no sign of anything except a matter of something so very human: being taken.
"So... Vince's cabin in Sagamore Hills... Apparently, all of his greatest records were written there- 'Serpentine,' 'Theater of Mercy'..."
Now, logically, he knows that it's probably not his blood- Sam's walking fine- but his hands move forward anyway, grasping at Sam's chest- his stomach- shoulders, like there's a wound there to be held closed and covered. It's automatic, a reflex born of far too many lived nightmares where it was always too late.
Dean looks down at the wine in his glass, the deep red of it, bitter and looking like blood. He has the handle fisted in one hand and suddenly wonders where all these glasses even came from. Maybe Sam's got a hidden stash of them somewhere for occasions similar to this.
"I say again-" John says with more purpose,
"Yeah, I'll bet." He spits back, a grim frown etched into his cheeks, "Hop into bed with anyone else while I've been gone?"
"Tommy." Cas announces himself as he kicks off from the wall, John following suit beside him. Tommy's gait slows- the two other men at his heels following his lead.
But the thought remains- maybe Cas did know. And maybe, a part of that sacrifice was because of it. Because maybe Cas
Dad's never given two shits about feeling anything much at all. He gets a feeling he kind of started pushing it all down the day mom died and then got to a point where he didn't really know how to do anything else anymore.
"No, I get it." He takes another bite, swallows it, then wipes his hands together over his plate, "Small fish, big pond. That whole thing. When you're..." He waves a hand up and down Cas' figure sitting here, now the one unable to come up with the right word, "
He takes a second, all amusement gone, admitting, "No."
"Rough
"Is it-" Cas stumbles to his feet, nearly losing his balance. Dean catches him around the bicep to keep him standing, but keeps his eyes on Ishim, "Is it true, Ishim?"
He leans forward abruptly, dropping the magazine in favor of opening the text.
Woke up on that trail. Waffles. They're in... Arkansas.
"Pray harder." Elijah jokes, wiping down the wheel to ready it.
"Reapers don't kill people." She quirks a brow, "Rules."
from Dean. He doesn't need anything. He doesn't say these nice things just to get Dean into bed like all the girls over the years that succeeded and a lot more who tried. But that's not Cas. He's saying these things
