His phone rings, and he resents that, too, doesn’t know what the hell Jack’s got to call him about or where from, doesn’t
“The candy’s not for
The look Cas gives him is grateful, almost worshipful, and Dean slips out of his robe, turns his back on Cas to hang it back up and lets Cas see.
“Dean…” Cas catches his hand. His grip is weak, but it holds Dean just the same. “We both get to be happy.”
The line goes dead with a click and Cas takes another bite of his apple, pulling up his notes app. It tastes riper somehow.
“Oh, no, he’s got both eyes.”
He can’t read them in the mirror, and he doesn’t know if he could read them the right way around anyway, but it takes his breath away to see them.
“C’mere, sweetheart.” He whispers the words in Cas’ ear, enjoys his own turn to be somehow, inexplicably, an irresistible force to be followed. Cas tucks himself under Dean’s arm, and rests his head on Dean’s shoulder, and they stretch their legs out together, feet on a shared ottoman, as Jack starts the movie.
“I dream about that night a lot, you know.” Dean’s voice is audible gain, as he rolls onto his back to look up at the clouds once more. “Dream the parts of it I was out for. Not realistic dreams, but… I dream about it a lot.”
“Not a pretty picture, huh?” He chuckles, turning back to the tub-- there’s a bar he could use to steady himself, but when Cas offers a hand, he accepts it.
“No. We just… accept that we’re dumbasses, cosmically speaking, and we’re not prepared enough, and that’s okay because nobody in the
“Okay, well, I’m just telling you, I watched him get better while you were… doing your thing. I mean, okay, not all the way better, but better!”
“I’m glad you think I am.” He shrugs. “I never fit into that world… presenting as an alpha didn’t change how little I belonged. Really… I don’t think it would have mattered very much. In a family with four older alpha brothers, being a beta wouldn’t have changed my standing much. I wouldn’t have been able to do so much for Gabriel, but in terms of the way the family always saw me… I was always going to be a failure in their eyes.”
.” Cas’ smile is languid, his eyes heavy-lidded, and he pushes the flannel shirt down from Dean’s shoulders. “I never dreamed… not for me. Not for me…”
“That’s good. That’s… was always afraid he didn’t get enough food to-- he was always late hitting his growth spurts, he was-- he was always little.”
Tybalt is under his habitual chair rather than atop it, and his ears remain folded back even when the crying stops. He’s all decked out in the little bee costume Dean had found and bought for him, soft and warm enough that he’s made a favorite of it, but even that small comfort hasn’t won him over on the subject of babies.
“I would have been too young at any age-- or too old, conversely. Too young for it to be okay, or too old to be under someone else’s control… She worked with me for… a while. It was another year before they triggered my first rut. Trying to keep me somewhat on track with my older brothers, I suppose. They gave me a series of injections and locked me in this room… I’d been educated on the, uh, the
The sun pinks Dean’s skin, after a while, and Castiel shows him to the cleanup center he has at the edge of his back patio, and brings him in for lunch.
“Mm. There are lotions, though. If having me touch them wasn’t an unpleasant experience, I could… You’d still have them. I wouldn’t be taking away any badges of honor. But… I could do that for you. With you. If it’s something that would help.”
“He made a deal with it… traded his life for Jack’s. And all he had to do was be happy. Just for a
“It’s okay.” And he pets over Cas’ hair, soothing, his other hand rubbing warming circles over the small of his back, reminds him of when Dean had rubbed the camphor in for him… “Cas, it’s okay. Come on, let’s… let’s go in and sit down, take a breather.”
“Yeah.” Dean twists the pamphlet he’s holding between his hands. “Once. But, uh… you know. Lot’s happened, so. He’s… he was a good kid. Presented as an alpha just before I… So I figure he was safe without me.”
“Yeah… no.”
“Even if they are, man.” Dean shrugs. “Not everyone’s ready to go back right away, wouldn’t matter if you had the best picket fence life waiting for you, there’s shit you gotta work with for yourself sometimes. But… hey. Sometimes you get lucky when you least expect it.”
It’s not as bad as he feared, with the blood cleaned away. The bruises look less livid than he expected them to get. He still wishes he could have taken the beating on himself, but it’s heartening. And as he sings, Cas just… lets himself drift a little. Barely winces when Dean has to touch something tender. Lets himself be prodded to check for broken bones with only the slightest grunt of protest. Sighs, even, when Dean washes and dries parts of him that hadn’t been walloped to hell and back.
“Guess I’m not.” He grunts, struggling to push himself even an inch nearer to Cas. He can hear a soft little sob from behind him, Jack. “
“I was eating an apple when you called. I didn’t have anywhere to put it down.” He blushes fiercely at the inference. “I’m not-- I wouldn’t--”
He’s so eager, so
“I would rather hold you.”
“I might’ve thrown it.” Dean sniffs. “Um, my phone. When I thought…”
“I don’t know.”
“It’s not as if he’s not indulged enough.” She smiles.
“What?” Cas’ head jerks back, so that he can look Dean in the eye a little more clearly, and Dean lets him, though those hands remain wound through his hair.
“Dean… I feel the same, about-- We’re
“Hardly know what I’d do with myself, but… I wanna try. I don’t wanna go out because I didn’t know when to pack it in, because I didn’t want to admit I was slowing down. I want to retire when I still have enough life left to live. I wanna figure out what I love and do it. Mechanic, maybe. I’m good with cars, good with fixing things. Fixing things feels good.”
“Dean, I think you could do a lot of things. Fixing cars is only one of them. If you don’t want that, then we’ll find what you feel good about. There’s no deadline on this.”
“Yeah, it was supposed to… but you know Billie. She wasn’t so good at playing by the rules, either. And that’s why she’s gone.
human, I… I can still
“Chuck… thinks… we lost our only weapon.”
“We’ll… maybe not ‘figure it out’, but… get lucky? Okay, maybe not that, either. When do we ever get lucky?” Sam shakes his head.
“I was used as a weapon against you today. He learned that hurting me would provoke a reaction. I regret that I was the cause of your pain. I think that’s a reasonable feeling to have.”
“Did you do finger quotes?” Dean accuses, honeyed languor returning to his voice.
“This is good.” Dean reaches back, patting Cas’ thigh. “You’re good.”
“No, I don’t think it’s a bad idea at all. You can’t save the world if you aren’t taking care of yourself.”
Gabriel’s outside, walking around the apple trees, bundled-up baby in his arms-- when the two are fussing, sometimes it’s best to get them apart so they don’t set each other off in a feedback loop of wailing, and Cas…
It’s pretty impressive.
“I’ve been thinking a lot about you. My whole life, you know… I only ever… I only ever once got to kiss someone just because I wanted to. And I was, you know, I was a kid then. And I know… I know I liked it, but since then… since then I kind of thought that was ruined for me. But ever since you told me you thought I could be Han Solo, I  wondered if I’d… you know, ever…  wanna kiss you. And… then there was how you stepped up at the farmers’ market, and you came to Garth’s thing at the center for me, and… it got to be a lot less ‘what if’. Cas, I’d like to kiss you.”
Gabriel scoffs. “I’m barely talking to anyone I’m related to. So… you.”
“I mean, there
“Is that a come-on?”
“If Gabriel’s worked free time on Mondays into your schedule, you should come by just to check everything out. It’s a good place to meet people from the community, since you’re new in town. And the hummus guys do give generous samples.”
He rolls his eyes, but there’s something fond in the line of his smile. “Dean, I could carry your car up a flight of stairs, provided there was enough room to maneuver it.”
“I thought he died.”
“I don’t remember anything about you, from that night.” Dean strokes his face again, tracing over the shape of his cheekbone, his jaw, smoothing along under one eye and over his brow with a thumb, feeling out his lips with feather-light fingertips. “But I know I’m safe when I’m with you. I know the first time I stepped into your bedroom and I could smell the real you on the sheets, it was like finding a home. And I think that’s gotta be enough for me, ‘cause… ‘cause we got different sets of first impressions, and-- and maybe I don’t need to remember that night, ‘cause I do remember the farmers’ market, and the mixer after Garth’s thing, and I remember you coming to tell me you found Sam, if anyone else had pulled me out of that hellhole, you’d still be my hero.”
Sam nods. “I get it. I do.”
“I think Jody will be behind me, but I wanted to talk to you first, even though I know it’s… like, you don’t have to approve me or whatever. I just…”
First, this chapter touches on Cas' experience with conversion therapy, though it doesn't go in depth on it.
“Nothing in particular, I think I just get overloaded from the whole… array. C’mon, I’ll walk you back to your place while these two get cookin’.”
, he just leaps to his feet and takes the stairs at a run, practically flies to the door before his brain can kick in, and even when it does…
? Han Solo exists, and your favorite character is Threepio?” Dean gapes at him, and this time he doesn’t flinch at the raising of his own voice-- though Cas doesn’t fully appreciate that fact in the moment.
Even if he didn’t enjoy sex with Cas on a purely physical level, it doesn’t mean he wouldn’t crave some part of it… Maybe if Cas had confessed to him any other way, any other time, he’d have gotten caught up in worries and insecurities, he’d have been unable to listen, unable to do right by him, by either of them. Stuck here, with just the memory of him, and the memory of how he’d been frozen, how he’d been unable to say anything useful, how then it was too late… what has he got to lose by admitting to himself that it hurts for a reason? That he’s mourning something more than just a friend, someone who was never quite his brother. Someone who could be just as important. Could have been, if either of them had been able to face it when they might have had a chance.
“There…” He whispers, gives a sad little smile. Then, he scoops Dean up like he weighs nothing, and Sam hurries ahead to get the door to Dean’s room open, follows along and pulls Dean’s boots off as Cas gets him laid out on his bed. “He needs his rest.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I’d-- Yeah.”
“Thanks.”
“I mean, that’s… easy for you?”
“It sounds like you speak from experience.”
“Yes, definitely. If this works, for a regular schedule?”
Dean’s palms are sweating. How long have his palms been sweating? But he’d explained it so that Cas is expecting to be kissed now, and hell, it may be his only chance. One nice little kiss between friends and then he can go back to pretending he doesn’t have dreams about the angel.
“D’you know what you should do?”
He can’t possibly be hearing what he thinks Dean is telling him, that he’s responsible in part for his first heat since-- since everything. There’s a twist of
Tybalt meows, at the halt to the ear-rubs, and walks up Cas’ chest to curl up against him.
“I had a… moment.” He doesn’t look away, doesn’t want to look ‘guilty’ when he has nothing to feel guilty over. “I needed Dean’s help getting inside, he-- he must have dropped his bag.”
“Dean! Up and at ‘em! Let’s roll!”
Dean licks his lips, and looks down at the package in his hands, before finally putting it in the fridge.
“I beg your pardon?”
that Cas pours into it is palpable. Dean shakes off the false memories, the nightmare phone call, rushing to find him and not knowing what shape he’d be in, getting Lucifer instead… it had been bad enough to rocket him into wakefulness, but it melts away again into nothing as Cas proceeds to make love to his cheek. He holds onto him, runs a hand up and down his back, his sides, grabs
“What time is it?” He groans. Fucking early is what time it is.
“You don’t want to hear about that.” Dean’s voice filters back through, as Gabriel falls silent, catches Cas’ ear again and doesn’t let go.
“Behave.” She calls back over her shoulder, though there’s no expectation in her tone of his doing so.
“No. Stay. Um… stay. I’m ready.”
“Cas…” He takes a deep breath. “Whatever happens… if you’re mortal now, you can’t go putting yourself in front of me, because I can’t do that again. Hell, I couldn’t do it this time, I-- Whatever happens, don’t ask me to lose you again.”
“Celebrate?”
Dean closes his eyes, as Cas traces his fingertips lightly over shoulder and collarbone, as he caresses his way up the side of his neck and along his jaw, and he only opens them again when Cas’ touch leaves him.
“What am I?” Gabriel balks.
“Boo.” Dean groans, his hand is firm in Cas’ hair, holding him to his throat now. “You really telling me you can’t use all that new juiced-up angel mojo to ditch both our clothes?”
“Yeah, ‘hole up in a bunker’ hasn’t exactly proven to be a winning strategy for us, so… until I have something more, I’m hitting the books. I just… I have to believe that there’s… Somewhere, somehow, there’s an answer. We got Cas back. I can’t stop until we get Eileen back, too. And… I guess the rest of the population of the planet.”
“I mean--”
. I’m just never sure of what.”
“You do always know just what to say.”
Gabriel wants to see him spend more time around people, and he gets that, he does, but the last thing he wants is to explain to his big brother-- the only brother who’s ever really looked after his best interest, and the only one he still has in his life-- why he’d rather just be alone. It’s easier, knowing he’s not cut out for a relationship, a family of his own.
“No, Dean, you should let yourself be
“Why did you say ‘what if’?” Cas asks sleepily, as Dean reluctantly pries himself away. “I found last night to be very intimate.”
“Hot one.” Dean  says.
“But he sent the money months after I disappeared. Not right away.” Dean says, and Cas drops heavily to the picnic bench.
Cas murmurs something, in no language Dean can make heads or tails of, but even if the words go in one ear and out the other, the meaning sticks, the warmth and the amusement and the desire-- not to do anything that would count towards jinxing the situation, but to pull Dean back to bed, to lie there together.
“Anything until I had the chance to speak to your brother and confirm things. That’s a firm rule, even for clients without a longer history of trauma. And he is a
“That’s good paste.” Dean adds, before turning his own attention onto Cas. “How come a guy who can take one bite and name every herb in a thing can’t cook for crap?”
Sam snorts. “Sure. Let’s just make sure we add Chuck to that list.”
Dean doesn’t quite doze, but he’s at rest, and Cas is loath to abandon him if he’s providing any help. He tenses when Jody comes in, worried about what they might look like, but she just raises an eyebrow and doesn’t protest, or ask.
“The deal you made with the Empty, that it took you… that you summoned it to take Billie out with you, so he would make it. Cas… thanks. For going with him. I couldn’t have done this without him, and… And thanks, for coming back, because I was gonna miss you, brother.”
“I don’t know what you want me to say. He’s a good worker, and coming over once a week to help with the garden is amenable to his schedule. Tybalt seemed to approve of him, I fed him lunch, I’ll be paying him by the hour. It’s not mentally challenging and it lets him do something physical out of doors, so it’s a welcome break from his study routine, I think.” Castiel shrugs, rearranging the candies. “He’s… still working on believing in himself, but he’s working on it. That’s the impression I got. A little self-deprecating, and I understand being around me was a big step, I can’t fault him being uncertain, or deferring decision-making to me, especially under the circumstances, he was in my house, working for me, it’s not like we ran into each other in a neutral space and fell into a conversation. But I can tell that he’s trying. I can see where he’s been talking to Garth, and how Jody’s place must be good for him.”
“Grumpy, waking up?” He quirks an eyebrow. “I’m aware. Rest will still do you good.”
Dean kind of feels like a shower, when it’s over, but he’s not too eager to stray from Cas’ side just yet. He’s filled with affection for the way Cas sniffs his own slick fingers for the scent of Dean’s sex, and how that scent seems to satisfy him. He looks pleased with himself, as he watches Dean recover his breath.
“We don’t have a weapon.”
Garth copies the warm up stretches that Cas runs through, before following him up to the wall.
“No, it’s some freaky shit.” Dean agrees, helping him to sit up, rearranging the pillows. “Gonna get you that aspirin. Don’t worry about anything.”
“Time works differently there, but I’ll know when you’re ready for me to come home… all you have to do is talk to me.”
“Oh, no kidding? You’re more into the dudes?”
to be family…”
“Yes, we’ve got to take some things over to Jody’s house. Oh-- Benny wanted me to tell you he’s got a marinade at the trailer?”
“You’re allowed to want me, any way you figure it out is good with me. Even if… even if there’s stuff we don’t want to
“Course. Get some rest, look out for yourself, and we’ll talk next week about that homework.”
“Sam’s promised to assemble cribs.” He continues. “Ro can’t keep her hands off me, and the cocoa butter rubdowns--”
“Would I be permitted to buy you others?”
“Too true.” Cas raises his glass.
After a while, he lights a candle and dims the lights, and they continue the exploration of each other’s chests. Cas doesn’t dwell on Dean’s scars, neither of them seeks out anything sexual, but it feels good just to touch and be touched so intimately, with so much care. To be touched in ways he forgot were possible, at least for someone like him.
“Because! I’m-- I’m going to keep getting weaker, not-- not the normal way everyone does, faster. In a normal pack with a healthy leader, their children would have time to grow up before I lost the ability to protect them. Rowena’s an alpha, but she’s not a fighter. I know, logically I know, that the world’s not like that, that I don’t have to be out there fighting bears and roving marauders to keep my family safe, but…”
“Yes. I always come when you call.”
It never even occurs to him to ask how. Without Jack’s powers,
“You all right to keep doing research?” He asks Sam, pausing to squeeze his shoulder.
“I’ve never done this before. Felt… this, before. I… I told you about my previous experience with ‘therapy’, with Naomi. It… I’ve never-- My family wanted me to be more ‘alpha’, and if anything, they achieved the opposite. I have no idea how much is my own lesser inclination and how much comes from the… trauma, I’ve experienced. I’ve never been in rut, not really.”
“Help is a generous word. How do you convince him not to half-ass things?” He grumbles, electing not to point out that Gabriel has a good five to seven inches on her. ‘Wee’ is a fair enough assessment coming from anyone else, anyway.
It would be nice to have them a little closer, to be able to visit…
“Okay, so… tell me about how you got
“I know you can do the job-- any job.” He says softly, with a nod. “Dean, you have proven  yourself to be a hard worker, and a skilled one. Don’t-- don’t try to tell me that what you do doesn’t take skill. You understand the tasks I lay out well, and maybe just doing what I ask you to in the garden isn’t the epitome of skilled work, but you wrapped your head around assembling the booth faster than I did when I was new to it. You taught me how to cook an omelette. You’re good with other people-- I’m not a particularly skilled salesman. As for unpacking things… believe me, I get it. It’s not something you can do effectively until you’re in a safe place, but then once you start unpacking, it’s easy to forget you’re safe.”
. So, I suppose it is not inaccurate to say… It took me time to develop a sense of my own gender as well. I find… I like having one. I like being a man, I like that you are a man. I don’t require any labels, for myself. I am content with whatever you find comfortable, when it comes to explaining us to other people… I am content knowing I am to you, as you are to me, between ourselves.”
“Oh-- um. Good.” Castiel  nods. “Dean’s been very helpful, yes. I thought it went well.”
“Am I…” Dean breaks away, catches his breath, their foreheads together again. “Am I the first guy you’ve done this with?”
“Hey… hey, don’t-- I wasn’t going to let anything happen to him. Granted, I didn’t expect him to drink himself into a coma when I left, or I wouldn’t have gone, he seemed… you know. It was hitting him hard, but he seemed okay. He wasn’t putting on an act for me-- I didn’t think he was putting an act on for me-- when he told me he wanted me to go out with Eileen.”
So does Cas. Both of them, even the one that was just about swollen shut a moment ago.
“She’s good at that.” Castiel nods. “Tybalt is a donskoy, that’s why he’s hairless. And… you knew where my cat got his name just now, that’s… not the same as needing to know something for a job, exactly, but it doesn’t hurt.”
, somehow. He has no idea how, that part’s beyond him, but maybe it’s not beyond Sam.
him just because the thought of anything taking him back now is enough to make him sick. He hadn’t even been praying
Okay, Dean was going to have to deal with finding
“My most beloved friend.” Cas murmurs, and brings it up to his lips. “Are you doing all right?”
“Hey… you wanna come shower off with me? Wash each other’s backs?”
Sam waves at Dean before he falls on his bed in exhaustion.
Crowley scanned the menu and then settled on an item.
“It would be my pleasure, Missouri.” Dean walks in making sure to dust off his feet on the shabby thing his hosts call a rug. He lets Missouri lead him through the small cottage, paying attention to his surroundings. If he makes one slip of the hands or feet he could possibly turn into a frog or worse. “I actually wanted to call on you both for a favor.”
Raphael rubs the small of Hannah’s back. “I can’t believe it’s already been eight years. I’m still as happy as the day I met her.”
Benny rolls the window back up and starts driving away from the warehouse. Dean and Crowley ride in perfect silence all the way there. He looks out the window trying to remember the landmarks. They pull up to a gated tall fence and Dean looks on as two guards come out to pull the gate open. Sensing Dean's confusion Crowley chimes in.
Castiel smiles at the older woman as he grabs Dean’s hand. “Well you better get down there then. We’re leaving now.”
“Not bad, I thought you would be more muscular because of your broad shoulders. It’s still nice though.”
The darkness towers over Dean. All 5'7 of her looks intimidating even though Dean is taller. Manifesting herself into her human form, Dean thinks she's somewhat attractive but the color of her lips and the black of her dress makes Dean see caution symbols. “I’ll tell you what, you do my bidding, i’ll help your brother.”
“Yeah, yeah, lets...lets go shoot.”
Soon after he turns into the hospital entrance, parking in the first available spot he sees. Castiel walks up to the building and enters through the sliding doors, waving to the patients in the waiting room. He doesn’t really know where to go to get to the Human Resources office so he walks to the front desk. He waits for the first available nurse to notice him. “Castiel Novak, I was trying to get to the HR office. Can you point me in the right direction?”
Dean thinks about it for a couple seconds before he slows to a stop on the side of the road. Castiel and Dean both get out and switch spots. Dean climbs in the back thanking god the majority of the luggage is in the trunk. He props up the lonely suitcase to use a makeshift pillow. Castiel puts the car back in drive and slowly creeps out onto the open road. “Thank you, Dean.”
Dean looks up again focusing on the question that he was just asked.
The drive back to the hotel is somber and quiet. Castiel pulls up to the hotel, waving the valet away. Dean waves to Castiel as he gets out of the car. “I’ll see you around.” Castiel returns the gesture before Dean walks back into the hotel.
“Enjoy your meal and I’ll check on you both shortly.”
“Dean, you look great. I knew you would benefit from the training. Let's see you in action though.”
Crowley taps on the protective window signaling Benny. Benny rolls down the window and then Crowley hands him a slip of paper. Benny starts the limo and begins to drive away from the course. They drive through the familiar streets of Chicago until they reach a neighborhood where there are multiple apartment complexes. Benny stops in front of a nicer apartment complex. Crowley steps out first and then makes his way into the lobby. They find Dean's mailbox and Crowley points it out to Dean. After Dean familiarizes himself with the mailbox number they make their way to the elevator. Crowley pushes eight and they ride the elevator up. They get off on the eighth floor and then search for Dean's apartment. They finally find it and Crowley opens the door with the key Chuck gave him. The apartment is fancy enough for Dean to double gasp. The scheme of it is monochrome with black and white but it has nice touches. There's a white grand piano by a wall of windows overlooking the city. It has an open floor plan and a fireplace is going that's made of white and grey brick fixtures. There's also a white velour rug that's underneath a black sectional. The kitchen has a small island, dark cherry wood cabinets, and stainless steel fixtures. The apartment was like something out of a home and gardens issue. Dean never wanted to part from it. Crowley observed from a distance trying to get a read on Dean.
Crowley chuckles a little. “Dean, Castiel will be fine until tomorrow. His father taught him well. He can survive on his own. He's been doing it for twenty seven years. You were only hired for an extra set of eyes when he starts touring.”
“Shut up.” Dean opens the door and climbs out, walking to the back of the car. Sam meets him and unlocks the trunk, opening it and grabbing one of the bags. Dean grabs several suitcases and sets them on the ground beside him. He would rather make one trip then make several. Castiel shows up beside Sam and grabs the bag out of his hands. Sam shrugs his shoulders, picking up the rest of the bags from the trunk. Once all the luggage is out of the trunk and back seat they all head to the ship. Abandoning the car makes Dean’s heart sink a little. The notion of buying something so valuable and throwing it away just doesn’t make sense. Especially since Dean isn't used to the luxury. Dean talks to the captain of the ship who has already been briefed on the matter at hand. Dean nods and salutes for some reason, not really sure how to talk to a captain of a ship. Sam and Castiel are already putting up their belongings in the rooms of the ship. They have three rooms right beside each other and Dean places his luggage in the room that’s beside Castiel’s. He’s not sure if it’s because of a tactic or the relationship that they know share. Dean looks over the small room that lined with wooden paneling. There’s a small twin size bed near one of the walls, a dresser beside it, and a shelf that sits on the opposite wall. He wonders how he’s going to occupy his time while sailing across the ocean. It’s going to be a boring couple of days. Dean doesn’t bother to unpack any luggage, settling on living out of it for the time being. Dean raises his head up towards the knock on the door. “Yeah?”
Benny nodded his head before giving a quick yes sir and then rolling up the window. They rode to the restaurant in perfect silence. They glanced at each other in seldom occurrences and then looked out the window the rest of the way there. They arrived at the restaurant in record time. They climbed out together while Benny drove away. He thought Benny would have joined them, but Crowley assured Dean this was a private meeting for just two. Crowley walked up to the hostess and greeted him the best way he could.
Castiel blushes as he snatches Dean’s hand again and leads him into the building. It smells of lint, dust, and old moth balls. It’s almost exactly how you would expect a place like this to smell. Castiel walks up to the counter where an older woman is folding and hanging clothes. “Excuse me, where do we go to donate money?”
His mother smiles at him before saying “They’re all at the house waiting for us. She didn’t want to drag everyone out here.”
Castiel’s father scolds his mother when she reaches back to put a hand on his forehead. “Naomi, stop treating the boy like a child. Castiel, you’re not on drugs are you?”
Meg chuckles again and moves in closer to Castiel making herself smaller. “It’s called soap and shampoo, now go to bed.”
“I would offer you a glass, but you’re not supposed to drink on the job.”
“Your very lucky to have this opportunity if I do say so myself. I smelled you in that disgusting alley and I knew you were perfect for the job. You just seem like the type. I was pretty sure you would do the job well so you wouldn’t have to sleep on another floor. Excuse me if I’m being blunt, but it’s not exactly in my personality to coddle anyone. Have you ever worked security detail before?”
Crowley fisted his pockets and pulled out a stack of money and counted the money out to the beta. Charlie took it and put it in the register. She wrote out a receipt and signed her name at the bottom. She slid the paper over to Crowley.
“Hey, how come Nat gets a dollar and I don’t.” the little boy clinging to his legs was now peering up with tear filled eyes.
Dean stares at the coffee table with fascination. “Why are you helping me?”
“Not in front of doctor MacLeod, he wouldn’t appreciate it!”
Gordon reaches for his pocket and pulls out a stack of papers. “Everything, I’ve been researching this for a long time, ever since the wars have been happening. When the drafts were put into effect I realized there were patterns with the recruits. Every recruit that I’ve seen recorded has been an alpha. I started wondering why there were more alphas than betas. At first I chalked it up to alpha's being the more superior gender designation, but that’s not it. It’s because of Alpha Red.”
. What’s on your mind? You’ve been quiet for half the trip.” Meg squints her eyes at him as she speaks, climbing into their Nissan Murano passenger seat.
“Charlie is it? Yeah, we need to do a fitting and get some new threads on this young man behind me. We need one that fit’s perfect on his frame now, and four that are two sizes bigger in the upper region. Can you do that for us and we’ll be on our way?”
“Toys For Tots, local food drives, stuff like that. I donate okay, that’s all you need to know.” Dean takes out a pack of cigarettes from his coat pocket and lights one up.
Castiel looks the urn over before spitting out a price. “I’ll give you thirty for it.”
“So, your Confucius now?”
“I know you don’t frequent these types of establishments, but you’re going to have to get used to it. Look over your menu and pick out what sounds good to you.”
“It’s Castiel, and you want me to have it? Like this is really mine to keep?” Castiel stutters through his questions with clumsiness.
Meg punches him lightly in the arm. “Nope, get up. You have to be at the hospital. You have lives to save, you modern day superhero.” Meg picks up her pillow and bops Castiel in the head with it. “Now, get up!”
Castiel wrinkles his nose in thought. “I’m guessing in the company I used to…I mean Warren Pharmaceuticals. They do a lot of good. The last time I checked they’re always looking for investors to take time in the company. They develop things constantly. Most investors get their money back tenfold within a year or so.”
“I’m not helping you, I’m helping myself.” Gordon retreats out of the apartment leaving Dean confused and scared.
Dean looked up startled at the figure coming towards him. He dropped the newspapers and put his hands up in surrender. He sniffed the air. Alpha! He was too weak to fight. He would lose.
Castiel holds the guitar lightly, watching out for the strings. “What? If this means you’re quitting your career, then i’m not taking this.”
Castiel walks back towards the house and Dean follows skipping along the way.
“I don't shake. Honestly, I should tell you right now...don't ever touch me, unless I want you too.”
Plus, what would he look like just standing outside of the doorway listening to a grown man cry,
Dean scrunches his eyebrows. “Yes sir.”
“Whatever they have you doing Dean, you'll be ready for it. You'll be one bad SOB after I'm done with you.”
Happy reading!
Sam walks over to Dean and claps him on the back near his shoulder. Dean tenses but relaxes under the touch.
Dean appears to be in a state of confusion. Castiel can’t tell if it’s from sleep or a hangover. “I thought that was a dream. I thought I made that deal when I was dreaming. I was awake the whole time?”
The day goes on without any issues. Castiel finishes on time. He’s checked on each patient twice and the records are done. He feels tired and ready to go home. Cassie is still at her desk, whisking through a stack of papers. Castiel stares at her for a few seconds before clearing his throat. “Are you not going home?”
Sam presses his lips together and then removes his hand off of Dean's shoulder.
I'm done with a big bang so im picking this back up. I dont know how long this stories going to be, but i hope to have it finished before july 31, A/B/O appreciation day on tumblr. I'll upload a chapter a week. It's good to go back through and read it again for everyone who's subscribed to it since it's been so long. chapters will post ever monday. so next monday look forward to chapter eight. this has been beta'd by the lovely Spnfankat81. she's on tumblr @Spnfankat81.tumblr.com. look out for my dcjbb that'll upload in may. Happy reading!
“Your a fucking natural. Who taught you how to fight like that?”
. Castiel brushes off his thoughts and knocks on the door. “Housekeeping! Is it alright if I come in? I just need to clean and change the sheets!” Castiel hears some fumbling and running behind the door then a quiet response of “Come on, I haven’t got all day!”
Castiel gives up, placing the guitar beside the bed. “Spend the day with me. I can show you why you shouldn’t quit”
Castiel scrunches his eyebrows. “Okay, thanks then and I’ll give you a week. I’m just going to move your urn to the bedroom in case I have guests or something. I don’t want anyone to knock you over.”
Dean nods again looking around at the other men. He feels he should keep to himself here. That's the best way not to get himself killed.
He settles in his chair to study the content of the folder that Chuck gave him and he logs onto the computer for the records of the patients that are currently in the ward. Junior doctor Fitzgerald comes in from his rounds and introduces himself, asking Castiel to call him Garth. He seems to be a friendly, yet energetic, guy.
Crowley and the singer are looking at Dean intently.
The older woman stops folding clothes again to look on in exasperation. “If you want to see immediate change, my suggestion is the local grocery store. Stand by the registers and pay for people’s groceries. Just let me know if you're going to do it so I can go on down there to get me some.”
Castiel nods his head. “Mom, when did you and dad move here again?”
“Alright, I got your measurements. Is there a specific color you think you’ll like?”
Castiel snatches the cigarette from between Dean’s lips. “No more of that. I know you're a grownup, but you're a performer and cigarettes ruin your vocal chords. No more please!”
“Dean your eyes?”
“Your ready then. Are you ready to meet the person that you'll be dying for?”
“He’s lucky we didn’t think too much into with Hannah being a real estate agent. We should have known.” Naomi and Chuck roll their eyes before they look back down at their crossword puzzle.
Dean laughs and then sets his gun back down. Sam then pushes the button on the side of both of their booths. Two paper target's with circles on them appear 50 yards ahead of them. Sam takes his gun, positions himself, and then shoots at his target. He makes five bullet holes in the middle and one on the outer ring. He puts his safety back on and then gestures for Dean to try.
, as chattel, and since around the time many people get their licenses. He’s had bigger worries than remembering those early lessons.
. I always thought stuff had to happen, to be good. Sex or fun or… like, doing stuff. But my favorite stuff to do is just…”
anything, he just gets the pair of panties he’d hidden in the back of his underwear drawer out, slips out of everything else and into them, feels the way they hug his ass. How the satin feels against his junk.
Wait, no, better if he doesn’t ask.
Dean guesses it’s not so different, from when Sam lost Jess. He’d been driven. The difference is, this time, he’s holding onto the hope of undoing what Chuck did to everyone. It’s not like they can spend their lives on an empty planet after they kick the guy’s ass, after all, they need to bring the world
“Presenting made him the old man’s golden boy. Couldn’t do wrong, everything he wanted in a son. I just… I like to think without me around, they… That if they fought, without me there, that he thought it meant Sammy was growing into himself, starting to challenge him as… practice, for being out in the real world. Our dad’s world… alphas weren’t like you and Jody. Hard-drinking, gun-toting manly men who didn’t take any shit.” He rolls his eyes. “And he knew I wasn’t one of ‘em. Ever since I was old enough to know I was Dean and not Deanna, and I couldn’t be an alpha… but for a while he thought he could make me fit, even if I was a beta. I learned to box, and fire a gun, and use a wrench, and all that, before I presented. I wasn’t bad at it, either. Hell, I was damn good for a ten year old. Twelve or thirteen or so, that all changed overnight, but… I was good. And I took care of that kid. Until I got taken. But he presented, before that. So… so nothing that happened to me was gonna happen to him. That’s all I really need to know, I guess. Nothing that happened to me happened to him. I figure… you’d get it. I mean I guess you’re coming from the opposite place, but…” He sweeps his hand out, gesturing to the whole room-- or the whole building. “You did all this, right?”
Crowley steps in front of Dean and grabs his shoulder.
Now it’s Castiel’s turn to gawk as he slaps his thigh. “You shouldn’t even be alive right now. How come you only look 25?”
Castiel notices the interaction and then proceeds to ask the next question boggling in his brain. “What are you guys going to do for your anniversary?”
. He didn’t think he would ever have to deal with this considering he only works housekeeping, but it happens all the time. The hotel is his home away from home. Since he’s always here it automatically makes him a guest favorite. All the regulars that stay here know him by name, except one.
“Yes, why not. And please, call me Castiel.”
“Good! Now let me show you to your room, and the training facility down stairs.”
Dean retracted his hands looking foolish. He was already messing up. Chuck stood up and walked to the side of the office towards a small bar.
Dean rubs at his face, which is probably plastered with sleep lines. “So, is this the ship?”
Crowley handed Dean his apartment key and then looked around one more time.
He wakes to the screams of birds in the distance and automatically jumps up. He looks out the window nearest him and sees the sea and huge boat. The boat looks to be a cargo ship with men loading it with a plethora of boxes. “Where are we?”
Dean digs through his pockets and pulls out a few hundreds. “Four hundred bucks.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The singer jumps down from the stage and makes his way towards them. The first thing Dean can't help but notice is the unmistakable blue eyes he has. They shine almost like diamonds from a polished wedding ring. He has a strong chiseled jaw that clenches every time he swallows. He has a faint amount of stubble around his pink lips and surrounding his jaw. The last thing he notices is his scent because he remembers to breathe finally. His scent is a mixture of coconut, honey, and fresh cut roses. He's beautiful. Dean is at a lost for words which is why he accidentally flinches when Crowley calls his name.
Dean nodded his head up and down not really sure what to say. He just wanted to better his situation.
“What! Do I not get a kiss goodnight?” Castiel grabs Meg's chin gently and turns her face towards him. He plants a kiss on her lips tenderly. He lets himself settle into her before he drifts off slowly and then falls hard into a deep sleep.
Dean huffs a breath before he flops back on the couch. Once he realizes his mistake of being comfortable and open with the omega he sits back up. His posture immediately radiates strength and a take charge attitude. Castiel fumbles around in the kitchen before he comes back out with a sandwich and a glass of orange juice.
“Yeah, I guess. You could say it’s something like that, but it’s mostly hard work and dedication.”
“Is there anything else I can get you gentlemen?”
Sam leaves the room closing Dean's door behind him. Dean takes off his clothes from that day and throws them into his laundry hamper. He promises himself to do laundry tomorrow. He showers, throws on pajamas, and brushes his teeth. He walks out of his bathroom and then over to his bed. He gets ready to settle in until he notices his door. His door is cracked open. He could have sworn that Sam shut it all the way. Dean walks over to the door and shuts it. He turns back around and catches a glimpse of a note on his night stand. He walks over to the night stand and picks up the note. He opens it and reads silently.
Castiel nods his head as he walks around to the other side of the car. “Yeah? What charity is that?”
“That has nothing to do with me. That was my father's doing. This is personal. I pay my debts in advance.” Dean takes out a leather pouch tied with jute, and slides it across the table to Rowena. He smiles before casually sipping out of the teeny cup making sure to blow on the liquid before each sip. If it wasn’t for Missouri drinking the tea, he wouldn’t even touch it since it was prepared by Rowena’s hands.
“I’m going to catch some sleep since we have a while till we get there. Are you okay to drive the whole way through?” Meg buckles her seatbelt while adjusting the seat, putting it back a little to doze off.
♩ ♫ ♩
Castiel makes it back home and flies to his mailbox to check it. He grabs the multiple envelopes and walks to his front door. He unlocks it and sets the mail on the foyer table. He takes off his shoes and then passes the kitchen to set the urn on his dining table. He paces back over to the foyer table to separate the mail. He throws away any junk and keeps the important letters. He opens an envelope from his sister Hannah as he trudges back to the living room and plops down on his sofa. He begins to read the letter over in his head. She’s been in Cuba for the past couple months and always writes about her adventures. She always wanted to be an activist and save the world. Castiel just thinks it was her excuse to avoid being an adult. Castiel laughs as he reads the last of the letter. Apparently, she has a boyfriend now. That little bit should be comical, especially since she’s inviting him to Thanksgiving. His mother was going to flip the fuck out. Being raised in a religious family was very restricting and her having sex before marriage or even living with her boyfriend before marriage is severely frowned upon. That’s why Castiel hasn’t had the balls to tell his parents that he’s gay. Nope, he’s just been living a double life so far. It’s infuriating but necessary. He folds the letter up and walks to the kitchen. He places the letter on the table and stills. What the fuck? Did the urn have two rubies before or just one? Castiel could swear that the urn had only one ruby and one diamond. It has two rubies now. That’s strange. Castiel contemplates for a second before he shrugs his shoulders. He walks over to the fridge and opens it, rummaging inside it for something to eat. He finds left over pasta that his next door neighbor Donna made yesterday. Donna’s a sweetheart and she has the biggest crush on him. Castiel knows he’s kind of stringing her along, but her cooking is fucking fantastic. He plucks a fork out of the drawer and saunters back over to the living room. He plops down on the couch again and grabs the remote. He balances his food and the remote as he turns on the TV. He changes it to some show about the ferocious appetite of the African lion. He puts the remote down and chomps down on the first bite of pasta. He moans as the sauce touches his tongue. He continues to gradually string together pieces and put it to his mouth. He finishes his meal and walks the bowl to the dishwasher. He starts a load of dishes and then walks back to the living room to power off the TV. He rubs his tired eyes and looks at the clock on the wall above the kitchen table. It’s way past his bedtime. Even though it’s the start of his weekend his work days take a toll and force him into exhaustion. He makes his way to his bedroom thinking over if he wants to shower now or in the morning. He falls down on the bed and his head rests on his pillow. Sleep takes him over soon after that and the shower is forced in the back of his mind.
Bobby purses his lips and taps his fingers on the counter. “Make it forty and you got yourself a sell.”
♩ ♫ ♩
Rowena walks out of the kitchen carrying an old silver tea tray filled with teeny cups. She sets it down on a small wooden table before serving a cup to Dean and Missouri. “What can we do for you deary? You do know magic comes at a price and your family has not paid off their debt in its entirety.”
. He can officially say he’s seen it all and done it all. There’s nothing like being called on for a towel because (someone who shall not be named) locked themselves outside of their room naked. He doesn’t get paid for any of these things though because
Dean and Sam stayed in the shooting range for the majority of the day. They only stopped because Dean felt like his ears were going to fall off from the ringing that was becoming increasingly annoying. They walked out of the training facility and into the kitchen. There was a big pot of chicken and dumplings being served. Dean and Sam ate at the island in silence. They were the last one's to eat and everyone else had already adjourned to the living area for the nightly movie. Once they were both done eating they walked back up the staircase to Dean's room.
December flies by in a blur. Castiel performs his duties at work and eventually starts meeting up with co-workers outside of work. If this is his life now he might as well make the most of it. Dean makes good company every evening Castiel goes home. Castiel starts wondering if the last wish he makes would change everything significantly. January also flies by and so does Natalie’s eighth birthday. Hannah and Raphael leave for their honeymoon as well. February creeps by slowly and near the fourteenth Castiel finds himself in the house with Dean reading books and looking into a blazing fireplace. It feels…normal. Castiel begins to get antsy with impatience. He needs to hunker down and make the wish whether it turns out bad or good. That’s why he’s sitting at the dining room table waiting on Dean to wake up. When he sees Dean walking up rubbing his eyes he motions at the chair for Dean to sit down. Dean pulls the chair out and claps his hands. Two plates appear before Castiel and himself. They’re filled with sausage and eggs. Castiel picks up his fork and starts eating. “I think I’m ready to make my third wish now.”
♩ ♫ ♩
“Great, this is my first world tour as you know, and it’s going to be a little dangerous. I can handle myself but with the Vietnam War going on my father felt that you would be needed.”
“To answer your question, let’s just say their somewhat of a national treasure. There are a few rules I and my boss would like you to follow though. Rule number one do not fraternize with the treasure. You cannot become a distraction. Always dismiss open ended conversation and remain guarded. Rule number two: You are an alpha, but you will only act as such when the time permits. You are the help so act like it. Rule number three: Stay on alert, keep a keen eye, and be prepared for anything. This job is a dangerous job. Please try to avoid getting yourself killed or the client killed. Understand?”
When Chuck is done laughing, he gets up and goes to a filing cabinet. He pulls out a folder and then comes back to the desk. “Here. This is your shift’s timetable. And this is a list of the patients currently in the ward. These are the codes to access the records on the computer. Go through the rest yourself, it’s pretty straight forward.”
Crowley walks up the staircase and down the hallway. He stops in front of the fifth room and opens the door.
Sam maneuvers around Dean as he fixes the holster to Dean's hip.
“I want to make my second wish.” Castiel shifted from side to side as Dean took his time to pause the movie he just started. He gave Castiel his full attention and nodded for him to continue.
“You slipped between the cracks. Did your parents have a home birth or a birth that wasn’t in a hospital?”
♩ ♫ ♩
The alpha backs away and then leaves the room slamming the door behind him. Dean breaths a sigh of relief and then moves around the room picking up his clothes. He picks up the hamper and makes his way down to the laundry room. He loads his clothes in the washer and then sets the cycle. He turns around to leave and notices Sam standing at the doorway.
Castiel asks a coworker of his to cover his shift tomorrow so he can drag Dean around. Once he gets the okay from management he immediately clocks out and makes his way back to his apartment. Castiel needs to think of at least two things fast that would virtually light a fire under Dean’s ass. If he went over two things then that would be even better to plead his case. He sinks to the floor of his living room, and sits in front of his stereo. He rummages through a basket of cd’s until he finds the disc he’s looking for. Castiel carefully places
Castiel drives through the open gate and signals to turn onto the busy street. He listens to a classical music station and maneuvers his way through the heavy traffic. Surprisingly it lessens soon after, which helps to make him calm and relaxed.
Meg crosses her arms across her chest. “I took the trash out. I was in the front yard. What are you talking about? I didn’t hear anything.”
“Thank you gentlemen come back and see me!”
“You have to be quick Dean. It takes two point five seconds for a man with training to slice your jugular vein. Remember that.”
“No!” Mary glares at Dean, hoping to portray everything wrong with his question through her facial expression.
She nods and goes back to her paperwork. “None taken, doctor Novak.”
“If money was the reason behind that wish, then your house and car would have reflected that. Since helping people and living an exciting life was your motive your wish reflected that. Hence, your parents’ house and the multiple surgeries you perform that most normal surgeons don’t. You wanted the experience so that’s what you got. As far as the wish for Hannah you wanted the best for her, but it was a little selfish because you wanted it for you. That’s why she has kids and a husband. I see lonely all over you Castiel and so did the wish. As long as you’re happy with it though that’s all that matters.” Dean drops down in the snow to make a snow angel. Castiel finishes putting on the last button and then joins Dean in the snow. “Do you know what you want for your last wish?”
The silence following the comment is deafening. Dean breaks the silence with a cough. “So, really why are you here? I didn’t receive any briefing from Crowley or your father.”
Dean smiles and accepts them tucking them underneath his arms.
“You’re just going to walk up to a complete stranger and offer them a job? You don’t even know if I’m qualified for anything?”
Dean repeats the motions and is excited about how natural it feels.
After lunch they go back to their wing of the hospital. Sitting at the biggest desk there’s a man that looks to be in his mid forties or early fifties. He looks up at Castiel and says, without much greeting “You must be the new one. Things here are quite simple. Do your rounds on time, file the records. If there’s anything you don’t understand, ask the nurses. Bother me as little as possible. I make all the important decisions, like discharging to a different ward and so on. Any questions?”
“Beautiful boy…” Cas coos, and pets at him when he shudders under the praise. “My sweet Beloved… my
, outside of Sam’s continuing weapon research, they’ve got one shot at getting it right.
“I… I am a good provider.” Cas nods, though it feels strange to say it. He’s never really thought too deeply about it, but Garth only has to bring it up as an aspect of being an alpha for him to recognize that it is something important to him, and something he knows how to do. “We’ve been expanding the garden into a real farm, it’s slow work, but… but I’ve been cultivating my crops for a while now, and I grow good produce. I’m not much of a cook but I still feed people. I take care of Tybalt, and my bees, and my plants, and my brother’s children are going to grow up with fresh, good food. I’m building rocking chairs for Gabriel and Rowena, for their nursery.”
The moment Sam and Dean spot each other, they’re rushing to an embrace, all of Dean’s earlier hesitation gone in the face of actually seeing his brother again. Cas watches the collision between them, the way they throw their arms around each other and the half-laughter-half-sob they share when, on instinct, they move in as if Dean were the taller of the two and have to readjust. For a long moment, Dean just breathes his brother’s scent in, before hooking his chin over Sam’s shoulder with a sigh.
“Yeah. Put your feet up, kick back… turn your brain off for a while and just watch something and… heal.”
colicky babies,
. It’s not about how painful it is or how long the pain lasts, it’s about giving Castiel control, it’s about the fact that sometimes he needs something to ground him, and it can be a light sting, a sound that rings out in the room, heat rising to the surface of his skin… sensations to keep him in the moment, but a pace that’s outside his control-- a pace Castiel sets, because he knows what Dean really needs.
“Yeah. Uh, I guess there was a place that fell through, but Sam said Gabe and Rowena invited him to use their little shack until he can find something permanent?”
“Okay, so… you got a truck, you can pick up Dean’s stuff from Jody’s and set him up in your spare room.” Sam says, his chin resting down on Dean’s shoulder.
At least he can admit he wants this.
“You wanna get off together? Side by side?” He offers. There’s no sting of rejection when Cas shakes his head, not when he’s looking at Dean like he can’t believe something so wonderful is real, is his to look at.
“Sorry, do I need to knock?” Sam asks, fighting a losing battle against an amused grin.
“I don’t need him to. I just need someone who can follow basic directions, is in possession of a work ethic, and isn’t allergic to bees.”
“You… made this?” Cas turns it over in his hands. The label is a sticker, TOP 13 ZEPP TRAXX handwritten there.
“I could-- I have stuff you could borrow.”
“No, you’re baby bear.” Dean chuckles, a little weak but genuine-- heartening. “Just right.”
They have some time, at least, to prepare, gear up… to let Cas recover further, before they purposefully go out and shout for Chuck’s attention. Not that there’s much gearing up to
“It’s hard to get out.” He nods.
“Yeah?”
“Gone-gone?”
“I remember when you used a
“That’s all I want.”
But, now Dean has the confidence to go after what he wants, and to have Cas meet him with his own desires, and it’s a marvelous stroke of luck that those desires are… on a low simmer.
Saturday, he wakes feeling
“And all this is in your range? With that much land?”
He ducks his head, the tips of his ears going pink. “You overheard that, huh? No, you… I-- you’re better, okay? I just… it was hard enough thinking about being rescued at all, you know, thinking if I was even worth it, the way I was when I came out, and now you’re telling me it was you the whole time, and it… it wasn’t like it was some mistake, like you were all going in to break out a bunch of kids who had a chance-- I mean I know now I got a chance, but you know. Kids who hadn’t been broken down over so many years, and you got me out too just ‘cause I was there and maybe in all the confusion I got lucky, but… But you-- you picked me up, like I was then, and you thought
“You carry tools?”
He’d taken them all to a hotel, paid for on the family’s dime, found out who had someone they could trust and who didn’t… And that night, he and Gabriel, manic and unable to sleep despite exhaustion, had come up with the seed of the Center for the Safety of Trafficked Omegas.
“I think we’re lucky when it counts.”
“Is this all right?” He asks, as he straddles Dean’s hips, a fraction of his weight settling against him. It makes him feel safe, having Cas over him like this-- not pinned down, or trapped, but protected, and he’s told him as much during cuddle sessions, but he’s not surprised to be asked again now.
.” Dean’s hands flex at his waist, unsure about pulling him closer, holding him tighter, wanting desperately and feeling adrift.
“Stop.” He rolls his eyes, shoving Gabriel away gently. “I’m… I very much doubt that.”
“Go ahead and sleep. I’ll watch over you.”
“You’d both do anything, for family. This family. The one he chose to be a part of. Brought Jack into. You’re both kind of… you know. Protective dad type. Self-sacrificing.”
“Yeah, baby, show me.” Dean winks, too broad and cartoonish to truly make Cas self-conscious about his own nudity.
“What about you, chief? Can I sell you on a little bacon for yourself?” He asks Dean.
“Just, that you’re… Like, I know you wouldn’t take advantage of me. And I know you’d never… You just, you make me feel, uh, safe. And… you’re kind of… like, outside of family stuff, you were the first time I ever thought an alpha smelled… good.”
“You never have to do that again.” This time he fumbles to find Cas’ hand, instead of just his knee. “You never have to go back to that place… but--but it stays under your skin.”
“Almost was.” He shrugs.
It’s a little disappointing, but the relief of knowing Dean won’t be walking out of his life eases the sting of having him walk out of his room.
Garth nods. “Is that something that’s changing?”
“Thank you again, for lending me your clothes.” Cas’ voice is soft, sounds almost sleepy.
They talk a little more, about music, about going out, about what it’s like to try and re-start an interrupted education. And others drop in and out, people talk about groups and classes offered through the center and what steps they’re taking to control the paths their lives are on. It does seem like a positive thing, Dean’s loosened up, warmed to the other omegas he’d been anxious about mingling with before, but Cas can’t banish the weight on his heart so easily, as the mixer eventually breaks up and people start to head out.
. Can you let me in?”
Tybalt makes a predictable nuisance of himself, as Dean rubs camphor into the small of Cas’ back, his shirt pushed up just enough to allow for it. Dean has warm hands, pleasantly rough in the right way, strong and sure. A working man’s hands… Cas sighs and tries to relax. He wouldn’t call himself grateful for the intense pain, but if he has to say one thing for it, it makes it very unlikely that he’ll react inappropriately to Dean’s hands, no matter how good they are.
.” His voice cracks.
“You could get one now.”
“Yeah, better than this. Here… watch-- watch what I do.” He suggests, and just like that, Cas’ laser focus snaps to his dick, and he’s leaking now, his leg’s already getting to shaking, just a little. He rubs his palm over the head, just teasing himself as it jerks. Sits up and begs for some solid attention.
Okay, that’s a little bit scary, but the good kind. The watching-a-new-horror-movie kind of scary where you feel all the thrills for the very first time but you know deep down you’re safe and you’re choosing to feel this way.
He hangs up the Do Not Disturb sign, and hopes he’ll be able to just tell Sam he picked up a girl for a little afternoon delight.
He’s literally being a baby right now, struggling to stay calm and rational like just because he can’t see the man, he’s stopped existing, he is being ridiculous.
“What?”
“Sorry, to rain on your parade, I just-- I don’t see the good from where I’m standing.”
The strain doesn’t show, through the sales he makes over the course of the morning, and when sales ebb as the crowds move towards food trucks, coffee kiosks, and bakery stalls, around lunchtime, Dean sits back in his chair with a sigh, a small smile in place.
“Last time you lost your grace, you were human. Now you don’t think?”
“Weird and not sexy.”
“I mean you need your sleep.” He smiles against Dean’s cheek.
“I’m the one who has to deal with him when he’s left behind. Believe me, his complaints about going past the inflatable gorilla in front of the mattress store pale in comparison to his complaints about being alone all day. I don’t have to bring
“Usually very light on unmated alphas. It’s-- I know I don’t instill the most confidence as a stalwart protector, but there’s nothing there you’d need protecting from, really. And you could... if it’s too much too fast, you can call Jody and I’ll take the rest of the day on my own. By the time I have to pack everything up again, Gabriel and Rowena should be able to join me.”
Cas has him. He’s back, he’s here, he’s alive, he’s
“Garth keeps telling me I should go… anywhere.” He says at last, with a tight little shrug. “Try being around people. Crowds. Um… I dunno, what’s it like?”
. I mean, he wasn’t so fragile, before. Kind of… fun.”
“Castiel, right? Gabe and Jody said you could use a hand?” Dean ducks his head-- a nervous, reflexive bit of submissive posture that feels out of place given his stature.
“Of course.” He steps in, so that Dean can fall silent, can just soak in the fact that Sam is there. “Jody Mills leads the strike team that performs the raids, and she runs a foster pack to help give clients like Dean some normalcy and support, and a feeling of security. Her right hand in both jobs, Donna--”
“Well, he didn’t say it was so he could get blackout drunk alone.”
, guttural and earthy, against his cheek, and they both freeze.
“They can form a support group for former beings of phenomenal cosmic power.”
“If you want to do me a favor, tell my brother I’m not a hermit.”
“He’s big?”
Was he wrong? Was he right?
“Is he… You say his recovery has been
that to me, I can’t be-- I don’t want to burn you.”
“Seriously, you gotta stop saying nice things to me.” He shakes his head, blinking away tears he’s pretty sure will dehydrate him if he lets them fall at this point. Which is as good an excuse as any to get up and turn his back to the others while he refills the water glass he guesses he and Cas are sharing now.
On Tuesday, he goes into the center, where he enjoys the comforts of a home-cooked meal in the staff lounge, gives Garth a piece of raspberry dark chocolate fudge to take back to his pregnant mate, and has his first PT session in the basement gym. There are spaces on the main floor for the omegas they save and serve, physical therapy is often a necessary part of recovery, but the basement gym has always been for the strike team, giving them a space to train for rescues. Not that the strike team is an alphas’ club, but the betas and omega on the team at least go in knowing when they train with the team they’re going to be getting a whiff of alpha sweat, the kind that scent neutralizing products can only do so much for. Not a problem for the betas, at least, and so far only one omega has volunteered for the position.
“Yes. I mean, I’m not, obviously, but-- All right. If you think we could help each other, I’ll put together a list of things I might need help with on the weekend? You said he was doing odd jobs so he could focus on his education?”
“I believe they call it… a big ten-four.”
“No, they don’t. It’s… it’s like I said before, I don’t like the reminder of how much you’ve been hurt, of course it upsets me to think of how you were abused… but it’s also true that it would be a disservice to you for me to focus on that, and not on your recovery. It bothers me that you suffered… it doesn’t bother me to touch you, all of you, the way you are. Scars and all.”
Because that’s the thing, isn’t it, with Cas? His whole life, Dean has been the protector, has pushed himself to be the strong one, has felt he had to be, but he doesn’t have to be that with Cas. Cas is-- was-- powerful, smart, he’d learned the ropes, and as much as Dean might still want to see him safe, Cas doesn’t
family
“You’re not exactly a morning person. The odds of you being active were low.”
“He probably let his battery die.”
But… if that was Dean, doesn’t it go to show how far he’s come, how strong he is? For that to have been him then… for this to be him now. He’s worked so
“Thank you, Sam.” Cas smiles at him. Dean is buried in his shoulder again, and he looks…
“Yeah. Maybe… maybe we’ll go shopping. Maybe we’ll, dunno. Get some new blankets or something.” Dean snuggles in. “Make a nest on the couch to watch a movie from?”
would he try.
“Oh. Yeah-- yeah, I guess… I guess that makes sense.”
“Well… if you decide it’s important, driving lessons is something else we’d help you with. Gabriel would help you if you asked him, I’m sure. Or Jody.”
“I just told Cas about me signing up to join the strike team. Well, try out, anyway.”
“Your name came up on the screen and…” Dean adds, but can’t finish. Cas’ hand is back at his cheek.
“Not since he struck the deal. Doesn’t mean he’s never been-- Just… since then. Couldn’t let himself be, not really. Couldn’t… he couldn’t ask for anything to get too good. And every time he felt himself get too close, he’d have to remind himself of… of the bad shit, of something he’d lost or something he didn’t think he could have. God, can you imagine? Can you imagine getting to be a, a dad, and… loving your kid so much you’ll give your life for his, and… and you can’t even let him make you happy? Every time-- every time you teach him something new or give him something that makes his face light up, you gotta pinch yourself, remind yourself of the worst pain you ever felt or the worst thing that might happen, because otherwise some goo bitch ganks you and you don’t get to be there for that kid?”
be Cas’ favorite, Cas arguing that Tuco was the emotional heart of the entire film.
“Forgive me.” He smiles.
.” It’s an admonishment, almost disappointed.
“No tricks.” Chuck smiles down at him. “No stabby-stabby. Well… you can’t. I took your god-stabber. Guess that book wasn’t so useful after all. Guess you’re not so smart.”
“Lot of stuff no one had to do for me. But I wouldn’t be here if they didn’t do it. Seems like a pretty small favor next to some of the things you guys have all done. Come on… let me do something for someone else for a change.”
David turns back to his own stand, and then coming back with several hummus-laden chips, arranged on a lid from one of the sample tubs for a makeshift plate.
favorite foods, and we watch TV and… I don’t know, and it’s
“Nah, nah, it’s… it’s like, a luck thing, now. Starting to feel like we really can’t die until we do it, so… don’t wanna jinx this thing if you’re gonna be putting it on the line.”
“This is disappointing, I had hoped to make the most of our time before Sam’s return. And I don’t
“Good?”
“Yeah, anyway.” He shrugs.
It could be like this more often, with Sam-- Dean would naturally want to move in with his brother once  he’s ready to move out of Jody’s, what if they just… kept them both here? Gave them a home, shared work on the farm and at the market and with the center, shared meals…
He follows him in to the kitchen table, where he stands by nervously, watching as Castiel makes two peanut butter and honey sandwiches, as he slices up an apple to split between the plates.
It’s not like they do any kind of age regression thing, he thinks that’s too much for him, or it’s more than he needs. But Cas treats him like he’s delicate sometimes-- not in a way that chafes, where he has to prove himself, but like… it’s just okay, to be the kind of man who likes when his boyfriend calls him sweet and likes when his boyfriend calls him pretty. Like it’s just okay to trust Cas and not be so on edge.
“Winchester.” He gives a brief, nervous smile, wipes his palms on the knees of his chinos. “I read an article about the work you do here, and it touched on the legal difficulties with some of the cases-- you haven’t been able to operate across all state lines because of the different protections omegas do and don’t have, and it’s one of the factors that’s kept you from expanding?”
“Pop the hood.” Dean holds back from the comment he very clearly wants to make, hopping out of the car.
“Before, you asked if I was my own thing.” Cas lays his head on Dean’s chest, wraps an arm around him. “I have thought that over.”
“Thanks.” He says, voice a little raw, and a little meek.
Castiel reaches for his water glass with a trembling hand, holds a mouthful of ice water on his tongue and tries to force himself back into the moment, focusing on the sensation, but he remembers that fight all too well, he remembers that he’d killed a man, and felt righteous doing it. The desire to hunt down every single person who’d had anything to do with
“No-- it… It’s not-- This is just a weird human thing, if you stand under the mistletoe then people have to kiss you. It’s a rule. Well, only at Christmas.”
“What are you talking about?”
“I dunno, but I don’t wanna stop.” He moans, a little, nuzzling in to search out Cas for that note of… maybe not ‘want’, exactly, but… whatever it is, it’s good. “Unless you need to?”
Cas eases his wings back slowly, so that they don’t disappear from around Dean all at once-- they’d learned the hard way not to do that. He nudges gently at him a few times with them in the process, one pollex finding Dean’s cheek.
It feels good, throwing himself into a real physical challenge, different from the exercises of his ongoing physical therapy. He’d forgotten just how good, but it all rushes back as he hits his stride with the climb. He might not be as fast as he was back when he was doing this regularly, he hasn’t kept in the same condition, but his body remembers this.
“They’re fine. It’s-- Someone came to me the other day, about taking a position with the center. He’s a young lawyer.”
, truly, fully happy. And it’d come nab him.”
“Gabe made sure I had your number just in case I needed it, but um…” He gives a shrug of his own. “Guess you should have mine. Like if something ever comes up.”
Now he knows it’s actually a pretty apt metaphor, so he’s got that going for himself.
“You’ll do a good job. I may give you a hard time about being irresponsible, but you know… you know it’s… You helped me turn out decently-- and you know no one else in our family did. You’ll do a good job with a child of your own.”
“Okay, what part of ‘don’t’ sounds like ‘let’s have an emotional conversation right now’?”
“I mean, he… If he’s back on his feet to join us, I don’t think he’s… I don’t think he’s an angel anymore, or it’d still have him.”
“What movies have you seen? Have you seen any science fiction before, at all?”
“Really? Because I am.”
“So, he’s a good guy?” Dean pulls his chair in closer to Cas’.
has Tybalt put the stand together.”
“I don’t think I want an orgasm, right now. But… I want to help you with yours, if-- if there’s a way you want that. I could keep kissing you, or touching you in the same places we’ve touched before, while you take care of yourself?”
Cas and Dean get to know each other more, opening up about things both trivial and personal-- and they start spending a little more time together.
“That was kind of intense, huh?”
It wouldn’t hurt to spend more time with the people he does know. It’s not that he doesn’t trust them-- for all the ways the members of their little band are different, there are things that they all share in common. And none of them think it’s a personal failing on his part if he can’t pray his way to a miracle cure.
“Oh.” Cas goes red, his brain playing a few pertinent word on repeat. “Yes-- yes, I understand. I’ve… I’ve also been, uh… I know the drill with having those… healthcare discussions. From the other, the other perspective. Absolutely take the time you need.”
“I’ve never gotten a boner from a kiss on the cheek.” Dean answers, because the years between twelve and fifteen don’t count.
“Fellow omega?”
“Okay, well… when I get back, it’ll be on the lips. So I’m going to be back.”
. And then our plan was just to liquidate everything we could. We sold off watches, electronics, things like that. And then I sold that car-- one of those sport utility vehicles that had never been used for either sport or utility. Glossy black, tinted windows, all the bells and whistles… That car was in my name, but it was never mine. It was never
“This poor son of a bitch has only got one hand and one eye?” Dean goggles.
Gabriel brings iced tea out, mostly to draw everyone’s attention to how visible he thinks his baby bump is getting to be-- Cas doesn’t think you can really see it yet, when he’s wearing a shirt, but Sam is always solicitous when it comes to Gabriel and Rowena and the subject of their growing family, and Dean looks downright giddy for a moment, laughing at some joke the three of them share before they all come join him where he’d been discussing the herb garden with Rowena. It’s Dean who sets one of the glasses in  front of Cas.
“I would like that, yeah. I… He’s… He’s really alive, he’s safe… God.”
“Have you planted those cucumbers yet?”
they had for me. It’s not so different from a heat, in some respects-- the first time, if not the first few, you’re too young to spend it with someone. Emotionally as much as legally or ethically or… any of that. And it’s not the same as an adult rut. Just… easing your body into it, so you’ll be ready when you are fully matured. And if your socioeconomic circle is what mine was, you’re expected to have a comfortable private room and some toys and things, whichever one it is you’re going into, a… It’s supposed to be safe. That’s what it was for my brothers, safe. Privacy, so the rest of the family wouldn’t hear or smell, all the things that would make it easier to ride out alone. A specialist on speed dial if anything went wrong. It was…”
“That’s, um, that’s great. What’s, sorry, what’s all this?”
“I used to want to be Han, when I was a kid.” Dean admits, while digging the bed for the tomatoes. It’s the Saturday after they’ve finished the trilogy, and the last frost of the year is behind them-- at least, Cas is pretty certain-- so today is all work and no movie. He’s not sure if he’s sad about it or not. He’d enjoyed watching movies with Dean and Jody, enjoyed making popcorn and serving drinks, and how easy they both made it to ask questions about this universe they were both so familiar with, or offer opinions about plot points and characters. But… he doesn’t miss it too keenly, when he and Dean are out working side by side, getting the hard work done to plant for summer, to harvest a little of the spring crop-- such as it is-- before the time comes to let those beds rest. Dean doesn’t balk at digging, or at spreading compost. If there’s a job Dean balks at, actually, Cas hasn’t found it yet.
“It’s okay, Cas. I know.”
“Yeah. Yeah, it’s… I’m, uh… I’m kinda… I’ve been doing a lot of getting my hands dirty, as part of my recovery. And building shit, or-- assembling it, I guess. Started using tools again.”
At least, he’s pretty sure she didn’t get how big a thing it was, because a nineteen year old guy can get it up for anything and anyway, it’s not about that.
“Dean, have I ever given you the impression that I like things that are ‘cool’?”
But… perhaps once the colicky phase is over, he’ll warm up to them. At least, Cas thinks, having his niece and nephew come through lets Tybalt get used to having babies around. If he and Dean should happen to decide on having any of their own… he’ll be okay. He certainly likes them when he sees them sleeping peacefully, it’s just the crying he seems to disapprove of.
Castiel transfers the sling and leash over to Rowena, and Tybalt tilts his head back for neck scratches, purring mightily.
“Yeah, okay. Just… We’ll talk options.” He pulls a chair up close to Cas’.
“Cas?” He asks, cautious, and that gets Sam’s focus.
“Not if I’m cooking and crumbling bacon for the salad myself, I couldn’t.” Cas fires back, and Dean’s eyes go wide.
. I mean, you’re never the
Cas hums, pleased, those perfect hands gently caressing Dean’s thighs as his gaze drifts down between them. He’s figured out enough to navigate a little encouraging dirty talk-- Cas doesn’t want to be addressed as ‘Alpha’ any more than Dean wants to address him that way, or be called ‘Omega’ instead of by his name, but he
“I hope you get it, then.”
“It causes fewer fights than Monopoly.” Cas smiles, and wonders if he could invite Dean to join them, if it would be strange or if inviting people to things is normal and his family would like him to. Or… if Dean is the person they would want him to invite, if inviting people to these things is only normal when it’s the person you’re dating.
“Well… Sam’ll like it.” He beams, though there’s still a touch of shyness around too much praise, an instinct to shrug off anything too positive. But… he doesn’t deny it outright anymore, either. “Kid always liked vegetable stew… though when he was little, it came out of a can and it had alphabet pasta in it. Course, it was
Nervous, but he thinks normal people get nervous about the first time a lover sees everything. He thinks normal people still deal with insecurity, when they’ve got scars. And the idea of soaking his tired muscles is pretty nice…
Gabriel splits off from his side before the patio, with its herb garden and all the clashing aromas, and Cas heads inside. He’s just made himself comfortable on the couch when his phone rings, Dean’s name lighting up the screen. The little seedling emoji.
Cas ducks his head, smiling. “I can wait for him to wake, now. I feared… When I felt him crying out to me, I… I was with Jack, I knew Chuck had been defeated, that when Jack left you both, you were safe and whole, and of course it was my intention to return, regardless, but… In all the times Dean has turned to me, it never…
“Thank you. For explaining mistletoe to me.” Cas murmurs, his lips still so close, because he still doesn’t know what personal space is, and Dean’s never been gladder or more ready to jump out of his skin. “It was… illuminating.”
Castiel shrugs, shuffling over to the beehives-- they don’t need anything from him today, but Gabriel won’t follow him all the way there.
“Yeah. Yeah. Thanks, for asking me to come fill in, it’s… it’s good.” He nods, one eye cracking open just enough to look sidelong towards Cas. “I haven’t been
“Yes. I have earthly needs, I lack my heavenly powers, but our bond remains…”
, enough to let Dean know much of it is simply his nature and not carefully-honed. He’s captivating, the lines of muscle-- even the softest parts of him can’t disguise it completely, only lend a grace to the lines of his body-- and the dark buds of his nipples, small and taut and tempting.
“It’s not that. I mean… I think I can’t just work for you forever, if I want… if I really let myself want a future. But I really like doing it, it’s not like… it’s not like I want to
“Dean…” He moans, his head rolls to the side, and Dean shouldn’t look, but he does, looks at him and sees his eyes, stunning blue and pleasure-glazed and looking at
“I could bring it over next week.” Dean adds.
“When I was human, I saw you as a human… I saw everyone as a human sees. I couldn’t feel you, not the way I… My awareness of you now is as it always has been, as an angel. But the… the ‘aura-reading emotion powers’, as you put it… whatever it is, it only works with you.”
“I am, thank you.”
“Sammy.” Dean pulls Sam down, head to his shoulder, rubs broad circles over his back. “Cas is the reason I didn’t punk out on this whole thing-- Ever since… ever since this all happened to me, okay, I can’t… I can’t tell you how bad it was. Or how much it’s fucked with my head. I’m not gonna… you don’t need to know all that shit, you really don’t. Any time I woulda asked, Garth or Jody or anyone woulda helped me find you, I just… I couldn't get over myself enough to pick up the phone. That’s on me, thinking you would be okay without me.”
Job interviews are not a duty he likes taking over for Gabriel, which of course means his brother keeps arranging any appointments he has to interfere with that duty. Cas approves Charlie’s first intern for college credit, puts two potential temporary replacements for Rowena in the maybe pile, and turns down an applicant for the maintenance staff who he catches leering a little too long at the administrative assistant, before he finally gets to the last one.
“Sometimes I go in with the left hand instead. It’s clumsier, but it shakes things up. I know this is a whole new world right now, but when you get used to doing it enough, you wanna find ways to keep things fresh. Romance yourself a little, you deserve it.”
It still would have been worth it, and of course he had taken reasonable precautions, avoiding the things that would hurt him the most, but the level of exertion was still one he hadn’t been at since back when he was leading the team himself. And yet, Friday, he’s fine. He updates the bees on general progress around the farm before smoking them to collect their honey, he gets some work done helping with nursery preparations, he feels fine.
, either, and yet you come every week and he only comes when he asks.”
“Just, you remember that he disappeared once, and you couldn’t get him back, for ten years.” Cas’ voice is small. “You still have dreams where you never got him back at all. And it’s difficult when you can’t call and talk to him.”
“He got his hands on enough money to finally drink himself to death and actually figured that would be a bad move, when he still had one kid to feed?”
“You know, Cas still holds the record time on completing the course.” Donna says, and Dean reaches out, snagging Cas with his free arm.
They don’t lay every detail of painful childhoods bare, he doesn’t think it’s in either of their natures to do so. But it’s enough to know on some level they commiserate. That there’s more than enough common ground between alpha and omega here-- roles neither of them fit, roles that they only ever disappointed their fathers in. Granted, Cas was never going to present as an omega, there was no real ambiguity at his birth. If he had, though… well, if he had, Lucifer might have sold him off on a whim along with Gabriel, but if that didn’t happen…
“Mm-mm.” He shakes his head a little, burrows in closer, one hand sliding up Cas’ back until his fingertips find the soft warmth of invisible feathers. “Easier to hide just one pair.”
Sam hugs him, hard. “Dean told me…”
“This from your bees?” He asks, lifting his sandwich.
“I don’t think it’s something he cares that much about, but I wanted him to be able to… I don’t know. To not be dependent on me and where I was going to be. I hadn’t imagined I’d have… quite so much time on my hands and so few places to be.”
There is definitely more in this universe on the way-- romantic stuff, family stuff, smutty stuff, angsty stuff... different POVs and different adventures.
“No, I-- I had you, and I… I felt-- I felt
“I’ve… never asked them?” Castiel offers, apologetic. “Oh! Here, let me give you a tour. You won’t need to worry about the bees-- I keep them well taken care of and they go about their business. You’ll have plenty of space to work without worrying about me tripping over you, no sense working on top of each other… um, and you don’t need to worry about the fountain for the birds, or watering anything…”
“You sure?” Garth asks, bouncing on the balls of his feet.
He loses track of time, just lying around enjoying his panties, doesn’t have the chance to hide them before Cas gets home, he’s lying on his stomach when he hears the door open, hears Cas taking in a soft breath.
“Because. There’s only one ‘i’ in ‘Eddie’.” Garth grins, waiting for a reaction which he very much does not get. The lack of laughs does nothing to dim his own amusement. “Two ‘d’s, two ‘e’s, one ‘i’?”
“Some broad beans and kale and a jar of honey, from us. Then there’s a dozen eggs, a whole chicken, some ground beef, and sausage-- butchers at the farmers’ market wanted to pitch in and help keep your pack fed.” He shuffles in.
“Former being, period.”
Cas makes the mistake of looking over to Dean, as they pull into Jody’s drive, sees the softness of his smile and the green of his eyes, the gold of his freckles.
“Sometimes you wanna, uh, you can sit on your hand first? I mean, you sit on your hand until it’s kinda numb, so when you jerk it, it’s kinda like somebody else is doing it?”
He taps the photograph, and the boy in the picture has bright green eyes-- the young man across the desk from him has brown eyes. Maybe leaning towards hazel, in the right light, but the boy in the photograph isn’t him.
“Take care how?”
about ‘hormone shit’.”
“Right.” Cas nods, holding on a little tighter. “You… you’re it for me.”
It’s not that he can’t-- it’s not that he wouldn’t! Dean’s also helped remind him how much he likes being around people, no matter how awkward he is with them. Outside the structure of the market, where he knows all the other vendors and knows what kinds of interactions can be expected, he still enjoys people. He’d still enjoy being in a position of offering someone… something. Security, whatever way he can provide it.
“Well, don’t get too excited, I’m not much of a cook. Your choices are turkey or peanut butter.”
“Even if he and Jack are seriously depowered?” A tentative smile tugs at Sam’s mouth, doesn’t yet reach his eyes.
“Let him go!” Dean manages at last, hoarse, pushes himself off the ground. “Let him go, asshole, you need me to give you what you want? Let him go.”
He has to adjust his grip on his cane before he can stoop to pick Tybalt up, depositing him back on his chair to keep him from rushing out into the garden and getting in the way, and he’s given a disgruntled look, but no real argument.
at the sight of him, wearing Dean’s faded Zep shirt, his cheap sweatpants with a hole worn through, at the back of the thigh, he remembers it’s there when he sees him from the front.
“Why not?” Cas cocks his head to the side.
“I don’t-- I’m not tired.”
Even before the ‘therapy’, his desire had never been a very active thing. He hadn’t wanted to
He still lets Cas take some of
“It’s a very scary movie, Dean.” Cas says innocently.
“All right, all right, all you had to tell me was it wasn’t serious.”
“Score one more for the friendly neighborhood bee man.” David winks, before letting himself be dragged back to work.
“The Empty is designed to show you all you regret. But I was able to free myself of my greatest regret before it took me-- and I spared myself one greater still, in ensuring you would live. So… it was a much less unpleasant stay, this time around. Will it be a great weight off your mind if I ‘nap’?”
“For real this time. And it’s my fault.”
And then they kiss again-- no tongue, but open-mouthed, and it’s
, he wants to say, and can’t. Can’t, because it’s… it’s an enormous thing to say, even if they’re not exactly secret, even if he could say it to Cas in private. Can’t, because Sam doesn’t have that option. His shot at a happy ending depends on beating Chuck, or bargaining with him. And Dean doesn’t know which is crazier.
None of them are okay now.
“We’ll wind up in the same place if you stay here. Either I come back fine or the world ends.”
“I know Sam said all of us are only human now… but I don’t feel that way.” Jack says, and when Dean turns back to him and Cas, he sees the wide-eyed little kid look on his face. Kind of look that reminds him of when Sam was just little, in spite of himself and in spite of the fact that Jack looks nothing like Sam at age five or… or whatever.
“I know, I know. It’s just… it’s a difficult thing.” He sighs, pulling the corner of Tybalt’s favorite blanket up over him, to combat the slight chill from the fan. “He was never really mine… and if he would be happier in Sioux Falls, then I have to be happy for him. He has to have that choice, he has to make it with his family, not with me.”
“Yeah. Guess so.”
. Even if most of my family considered the boardroom to be their battlefield, it was still… It was a matter of being entitled to take, to have, to… use people. Maybe they didn’t keep a whipping boy to take their frustrations out on the way Lucifer and his friends did, but they still saw it as… Lucifer was an acceptable aberration to them, and I was not, until one of his friends wanted Gabriel and he was happy to sell him. Even then, he was never pushed out for harming Gabriel. Our father felt it reflected poorly on the family, Michael wanted Lucifer’s inheritance… They still believed it was an alpha’s place to control those around him.”
“Guess I get that. When I was… like that, I mean… I was in this hospital bed a while before they could even move me into Jody’s, and it was… it was a while before I guess I was ready to meet you. We’re here now, though. Right?”
“Being tortured. You don’t-- you don’t have to say.”
at the herbalism stuff, as it turns out. If we wind up getting him disbarred, he’s got a great future as an apprentice midwife.”
Little bit of a boner kill.
“House hunting? Or medical?” Cas frowns, pausing.
Then again, it took them a decade to get here.
Anything else she might have to say on the matter is put on hold, when they get their first customers, and she takes over chatting brightly with a trio of young beta women about candles. They do wind up a sale, and Castiel is grateful for Rowena’s capable salesmanship, given his own inability to come across as approachable. Although, Tybalt helps, too. When he does come out from his little nest, curtained by tablecloth and safe from view, to curl into his sling, he attracts enough attention that no one bothers to notice if his owner is also unusual.
“Man after my own heart.” Benny nods, and Cas feels a crawling itch, hot and irritated and somehow more than physical.
“I mean-- no, it’s really a… Look, okay, I’m just gonna say it, because I was gonna, days ago, I was gonna-- but then everything happened with Sam, and with… everything. Also I’m a friggin’ pussy and I didn’t just tell you when I psyched myself up to. When I was telling you I’d have to disappear a while to deal with my heat?”
“Still too young.”
“Yes. Slow.” He agrees, and he returns to Dean’s lips. “I feel good knowing you enjoy this. Any way that you enjoy it.”
“All right, catch us up.” Dean leans back in his chair, his hand finding its way into Cas’, comfortable and familiar, though it’s not like hand-holding has ever really been a thing for them.
“I’m glad… I’m glad you’re letting yourself go after what you want, Dean. Really.”
“This Naomi better hope she never runs into me in a dark alley. Or a well-lit one.”
“Oh?”
“And you both got out.” Sam says-- the part of the story he needs to cling to. Krissy lives in the same house Dean does, so this story, this part of the story, it has to end good for both of them.
“Okay, well I’m gonna grab a shower, then.” He leaves the bed, grabs an armload of fresh clothes.
If he was any further away, he wouldn’t have heard it. If his thumb wasn’t still there to feel Cas’ lips moving, he might have thought he’d imagined it.
There’s a little wince, subtle but not so subtle as to escape notice, when Dean realizes he’s just criticized Cas’ family, and crudely at that-- even knowing Gabriel, knowing that he and Cas broke away from that family for a reason and that neither of them did much looking back once they were free.
“It’s easier when you know, going in. There are crowds but it’s not normally too loud, and behind the table, the crowd isn’t much of an issue. Down in that corner there, that’s where the food trucks will set up. Whenever you want lunch, one of us can take some cash out of the cash box and go down and pick up a couple of… well, whatever you want. There are a few different cuisines that you can usually count on. Gabriel is fond of the noodle truck. There are always sandwiches. I get a burrito whenever they’re available.”
Sam blanches at the way Gabriel waggles his eyebrows, and Cas rolls his eyes.
Dean groans at that, and Cas chuckles, and drops kisses to his hair.
“Yeah? You’ll drop your work upstairs to come home to me, what, just any time I ask?”
“Been driving all night, hands wet on the wheel…” He croons, taking Cas’ hand again and gently massaging it. “There’s a voice in my head that drives my heel. It’s my baby calling, says I need you here, and it’s half past four and I’m shifting gears… When he is lonely and the longing gets too much, he sends a cable coming in from above. Don’t need no phone at all…”
“Ah, caught you smiling at me, that’s the way it should be, like a leaf is to a tree, so fine. Ah, all the good times we had, I sang love songs so glad, always smiling, never sad, so fine…”
is safe…
“I’ll see if I can’t find something for you to look at.” Gabriel nods. “Pet friendly, reasonable commute for work, but also to spend more time with Dean… Actually, let me talk to the landlord real quick and I’ll get back to you before you clock out for the day.”
“A fair point. Fatherhood is a strange maze to navigate.”
“Only if you promise not to allude to anything you want to do or have done to you up against the wall, I don’t need that thought in my head.” He says, but he gets out his phone and searches for the song anyway.
“It’s not even autumn.” Cas laughs, relief and joy flooding him.
“Well, why don’t Gabriel and I keep you busy until he’s done with it?” Rowena rises, taking Sam’s arm and tugging him up and after her with what seems like extraordinarily little effort. “Step into my office, dearie, I need a big, strong man to help me prepare some medicinal teas.”
“You’ve done brisk business today-- that’s almost all the candles.” She remarks, perching herself in Gabriel’s lap, perfectly content with three chairs to four people.
“No, it’s fine.”
It’s one of the nice things, a year in-- there are still nights of relentless passion, throwing and dragging each other into bed or just against a convenient flat surface, there are still handcuffs and panties and visible hickies proudly left, but there are also these nights. Quiet, cozy… comfortable, as if their year had been a decade.
lovely.”
“Good, that’s good. So what’s the struggle?”
“Dean, I really need you to snap out of it for me.” Sam takes his shoulders, giving him one gentle shake.
“Because Deep Throat’s not real and nobody’s got a g-spot down the back of their throat.” He says, like he wouldn’t choke himself on Cas in a hot second if it wasn’t probably some kind of blasphemy and almost certain to fuck up whatever weird kind of friendship they have.
“I assure you, my
“We didn’t. Now we do.” Cas shrugs. “Dean… understands me in ways I am immensely grateful for. I think everyone on this farm has had one kind of trauma or another behind them, I’m no exception. But… now that we can move forward as a unified pack, maybe…”
“I’m serious.” Dean reaches over to shove at his arm, less shaky still. “Second you saw me freaking out, you got between me and the totally-not-danger, you knew what to do about it… just because I don’t need you to fight a guy or nothing doesn’t mean you aren’t… dunno, like… the good kind of alpha. You and Jody, it’s like… I dunno.”
He adds the last bit in a teasing tone, towards Rowena-- when they’d bought the ram and the pair of ewes last winter, she had boasted about her lamb stew recipe, but then they’d wound up with a lamb that spring and she’d burst into tears at the thought of eating it, and despite blaming the emotional display on all things hormonal, she’d refused to even buy lamb someone else had raised from the market after that…
Maybe he appreciates Han Solo a little more after that ringing endorsement.
“God, no. And I don’t want-- I don’t want to be like that. Beholden, to… urges, base instinct. I… There’s a man that I… I’m attracted to him. The feelings I’ve been having are… positive towards him. I don’t know if there’s any hope of… I don’t know what is and isn’t possible between us, but I know that if… if there was any chance he would be interested in me, it can’t be like that. The idea of losing control, of being just another animal alpha… I can’t be that.”
The perfection of the moment is dimmed by the knocking on the sliding glass back door, startling them both out of the secure embrace and back into the light of day-- Sam is staring through the glass at them, Dean’s bag in hand.
Okay, sure, a lot of people have stopped existing. Mostly while he hasn’t been watching. But he has no reason to think that’s going to happen to Cas. There’s just an itch whenever they’re apart and after this, it’s worse than ever.
“Feel free to not answer me right now, but how did you become human?”
“And we were making out, so, thank for killing my mood. And before you get all alpha about it, it’s not a heat thing, it’s definitely not a pressure thing… it’s-- I spent enough time not getting to make my own choices, with Cas I get to choose. You gotta get how that’s important to me.”
“Aye, he’s the one. He was…”
Dean smiles at that in spite of himself. He always feels like when things get complicated, or heavy, he talks around in circles and he can’t make himself push through to the point, at least not in a way that would make sense to anyone, but…
Cas makes his own honey mustard dressing, though, or sometimes a vinaigrette, and he sprinkles bacon bits on with a liberal hand if Dean has been working hard, or he chops up thick-sliced lunch meat to toss in instead for protein, and he looks so damn pleased with himself every time he sets a dish down in front of Dean, but especially when Dean approves of something he grew himself, and it’s not just about whether or not a salad tastes good, it’s about Cas wanting him to be fed, wanting to give him something that’s healthy and wanting to make sure it’s filling enough even though it’s a salad.
“Eileen’s gone, too.”
He likes that.
When Sam comes to collect him, Dean is on the floor, leaning back against the chair. He hadn’t quite cried himself to sleep, but it had been a close enough thing for a length of time he couldn’t guess at. Not quite sleeping and not quite awake, when he’d slid out of his seat, one arm wrapped around himself and hand gripping his own shoulder, there where Cas’ bloody handprint remains as a final physical reminder of everything… everything.
“Come taste this.” Dean orders, and so Cas levers himself up off the couch and leans over the island countertop that divides kitchen from living room, so that Dean can bring a spoon to his lips. “What do you think? Taste about right?”
“It really wasn’t like
“I’ll drive, you hold him-- everything on the truck?”
He whines, a soft sound in the back of his throat as he twists and turns and rearranges himself, kisses the warmth of Cas’ belly through his shirt.
“Your boyfriend told me about what you’re looking for, when he made the appointment. The handprint.” She says, over her shoulder, as she gets some music going-- Zepp, which Cas must have also told her. Had she asked if he had any favorite music she should play to put him at ease, or had Cas volunteered the information?
“You don’t have to.” Cas promises. “I’ve gotten used to the way you make sense.”
“Oh, we can try
Dean feels a knot form in his stomach-- he doesn’t ask how they measured his response, but there’s no way to do that that isn’t super fucking wrong, with a kid.
The coop and the barn are both very much fixer-uppers, before they move any animals in, but perhaps they could hire Dean on to help with that, too? If he needs to take time to find what he truly wants to do with his life now that it’s his, now that he’s finishing up his GED, the least he can do is offer him the opportunities he has, to expand the work he’s doing, to get paid more.
Dean hums approvingly around his second sample, being much less hesitant about trying the roasted red pepper after having enjoyed the garlic.
“What? Way to go, Cas!” He grins, though the grin dims and the arm drops when he feels Sam stiffen at his other side.
you’re stupid. I made you. How did you--?”
“Dean--”
“I hate knowing it’s like that.” He mumbles, after a while. “Hate how… gross it feels sometimes. How it feels like there’s some… like there’s still something from back then that’s a part of me.”
was something special. You thought I deserved to be saved. Not ‘cause I was human and I had a pulse still, but like… I mean, what do I do with that?”
Could have, if he’d ever had the chance, if it wasn’t always too early or too late for them.
Still, a broader picture is beginning to come together.
“Yeah. Or a great dane.”
I got-- y’know. And it doesn’t even have a bunch of stuff, it’s just… that is
, exactly…” He waffles, rubbing at Tybalt’s ears. “I don’t think I really have a favorite, it’s more… I don’t know. Ask me when it’s over.”
“You can be those things with me.” Cas promises him, other hand sliding through Dean’s hair. “If you would like.”
Jack settles at Cas’ other side, where he can stay close, where he can look to him frequently just to be reassured that Cas is there and doing fine, an impulse Dean understands well. Holding onto him, being able to lean into each other, it feels like it’s the tether keeping him this side of sane.
“Dean?”
“Could I keep kissing you?”
“I mean it’s bacon.”
“You are my priority. I… I would like to act on that now. And… when my work is complete and things are running smoothly without me, I would like to… I would like to grow old, with you. Live out the rest of a mortal life. Know that when it’s over, something just as good waits for us, know that our family is going to be complete one day. Until then… we might try and have a little bit of paradise here on earth.”
, he clearly doesn’t think he’s entitled to know everything about Castiel’s health, it’s just a question.
“Well, I mean, you gotta be, right?”
He thinks about being naked in front of Cas for the first time. Sure, he was barely clothed when Cas first saved him, but the fresh damage disguised the older scars, and in all the time they’ve shared a bed, they’ve been politely changing on opposite sides of the bathroom door.
It had been a back room, and it had been clean enough, and he’d been young, and he’d understood going in that he wasn’t going to have his hand held. But he’d liked it. He knew how to handle pain before he got his tattoo, and anyway, it was… It came with a rush, and the vibrations sent these mixed signals to his brain, so it didn’t exactly feel like pain while it was happening.
, his hand comes down.
“You were twelve?” He asks weakly.
-totally-depowered point?”
“Oh.” Cas swallows. “Well-- yes. I mean, I… You are safe, and, uh, that’s definitely a benefit of, um, healthy pack dynamics, feeling… safe.”
“I’ll try not to interrupt your routine now that I do. But… would it be all right to text you if I needed help some other Monday?”
“When you were, uh… gone. Gone-gone.” He coughs. “Dean got a fake call. Lucifer, using your voice to get let in.”
“Yeah. Guess I know how that goes. My old man was… he didn’t make much of a secret out of how I was the family disappointment. He wasn’t… it wasn’t like-- I dunno. I wasn’t the son he wanted, but… hey, you can’t always get what you want.”
On Friday, Cas had been a little surprised to be able to get out of bed-- grateful, given the state of things on the other side of the farm, he was hardly going to ask his pregnant brother and equally pregnant sister-in-law to pick him up, but surprised. He’d thought he would be paying for the obstacle course run the next day.
“We’re getting better at this.” He agrees, nuzzling at Dean’s cheek.
“I was. Jack restored me…
“My brother’s an idiot.”
“Well, I’m not a pure altruist.” His smile is tight for a moment and then it’s gone. He reaches for his wallet, pulling out a faded photograph, its corners foxed and bent. He lays it on the desk and pushes it towards Cas-- a woman with a little boy in her arms. “I understand that coming out of Stanford Law, I give the appearance of a man who’s had everything handed to him in life. Nothing could be further from the truth. My late mother was a beta, not that I knew her, and my father was an alpha… and an angry drunk, once she was gone. But I was raised by an omega. My brother.”
He sounds hurt. He sounds ragged, exhausted, like escaping from the Empty cost him, but how? How could he have…? Dean doesn’t even
Over lunch, Sam fills Dean in on his life story from age twelve on-- he touches on the helpless search, but he mostly focuses on college. That’s the part Dean seems most eager to hear bout, and he beams around oversized mouthfuls of pulled chicken sandwich and potato salad, his pride evident when Sam talks about his scholarship, about grades and test scores he’d gotten, about his favorite classes and his favorite professors. What living in California had been like and what he’d gotten up to for fun.
“I have not. Ah. You were… speaking metaphorically about this act?”
summon the Empty?” Sam’s brow furrows.
For a long moment, Sam says nothing, and Dean feels the weight of his stare. Doubtlessly tumbling over the very short list of possibilities here.
“You haven’t done this, though.”
“Ain’t nobody who calls me ‘Benoit’-- it’s just Benny.” He offers his hand. Dean hesitates a long moment, but the handshake he eventually meets him with is firm. “Pleasure.”
“And it’s not like I wasn’t feeling safe before! Living with the girls has been good, great even. But I mean it’s different. Jody’s like… she reminds me of my mom? Which is weird, they’re not really alike, I don’t think, and it’s not like I remember much, just-- I mean, Jody’s like… even if she weren’t mated, she’d be total mom territory, no, uh, no sexy vibes. Not that-- Shit, I mean, you’ve been perfect, okay? You’ve never crossed a line with me. But that’s… you know, that’s the thing.”
take Dean home, to the brother and uncle who’ve missed him, to the garage where he could pursue his dreams without feeling self-conscious or afraid. To familiarity and comfort and love… he could never ask Dean to give that up, not for anything. Certainly not because of his own inconvenient feelings.
“Cas…”
“Yeah?”
“Indeed.” Cas’ voice is a low rumble, as he returns the kisses, like he’s trying to cover all Dean’s freckles with them, and all Dean can do is melt and let him, eyes fluttering closed under the soft but ardent affection. “This was… I treasured this experience.”
. I’m your
“Anyway, I just wanted to give you the heads-up. If something opens up before next Monday, then it’s business as usual, but maybe you could ask someone else for help if we can’t make it? We can leave the big stuff in the truck, so you only have to load product, you could ask some of the folks from the market for a little help setting up if you’re okay to sell alone.”
“Castiel.” She tsks at him, curls bouncing slightly with the shake of her head. “It certainly is, but I don’t need your cheek.”
. Granted, flirtatious on Cas doesn’t look like flirtatious on anyone else, but still, Dean
“Sure.” Sam’s laugh is humorless, a little helpless, but he does seem to warm to the idea of eating, or maybe just the idea of sharing a meal with his brother after a long decade without that simple, necessary family bond. He keeps his arm tight around Dean’s shoulders as they all make their way over to the tables.
spending time outside and doing stuff with my hands. I feel a lot more like myself, even though god knows I never grew up with a garden. Didn’t even have a yard most of the time, growing up. We, uh, moved around a lot. Extended stay motel suites, where ‘suite’ just means there’s a table and a hot plate in one corner, stuff like that. But it still feels right, like… my head can get clear and I can feel normal.”
Dean wants to prove to Sam that he’s recovering, that he’s still the cool older brother even if Sam has outgrown the need for him to play protector. Cas… wants to prove something similar to Dean, he supposes. And… to himself. He
“Yeah, freeing up the room over there might do some good.” He chuckles. “Not everyone… Krissy, she only got grabbed ‘cause she was already an orphan, didn’t have a family looking out for her. Alex, her foster family was the problem, you know… not everyone can just go home to folks who miss ‘em. And even… even when you got family--”
“I’ll be tending to the vegetable beds.” He opens the door, standing by to let Dean through without crowding him. “If you have any questions, you can come to me at any time. I need the weeding done-- I don’t mind dandelions coming up along the paths between beds or out by the bushes and trees, I don’t consider them a nuisance, but I need help getting the weeds in the vegetable beds pulled, and cleared out from around…”
. Tell me about how things got good again.”
“I just want to know… Ten years ago, I think… we were on the road. We were in a motel, I don’t even know the name of the town, but he went missing in Nevada. Dean Winchester. His name is Dean.”
“I thought I would never see you again.”
“From the book.” Sam lies, as another snap of Chuck’s fingers sends the blade skittering out of Cas’ reach. “Did you think we were stupid?”
That’s what sees him in Garth’s office on Tuesday, murdering a tissue he hopes not to need between his hands while Garth waits with patient, ever-friendly expectation.
Sometimes, it’s easier to leer when they aren’t touching, for both of them, but sometimes touch is such a big part of what makes them feel safe… it’s something they still need to navigate, but that’s all right. They’re on the same track with it, they’re unwinding at the same pace.
Cas does just that, closes his eyes and does what he can to relax and let Dean clean and patch him up, strip him down to his underwear… He’d wanted his first time doing this to be sexier, but you can’t always get what you want. He can give him a sponge-bath with the towels, bandage what needs bandaging, ointments and stuff for what needs… ointmenting. And then he can get him into his sweatpants, lay a blanket over his bare chest and arms.
still tackle parts of the course, there are a few sections he knows won’t tax the parts of his body that sometimes fail him.
“But I’m not… I’m not, you know. I’m fucked up and I’m never gonna have a picket fence kinda life and I’m never gonna have pups of my own, or… or any of that. And I guess… I guess I never thought I would, but it’s different. Because I used to tell myself I didn’t want it. I used to hate being an omega so much. And after everything, it’s like… now I got people telling me all those doors I thought were closed because of that, it’s not so black and white, it’s not all the shit I was raised with, but… but I’m still never gonna have it.”
“Yeah, how come a guy who can’t cook for crap grows herbs? I mean, vegetables I get. Kind of. Apples I get. You don’t exactly pick a handful of rosemary and just stuff it in your mouth and go, though.”
? Why did you have to wait ten long years for someone to care for
“Oh.” Cas’ voice is small, half-lost. Dean’s not leaving. Dean’s not leaving? These plans, they don’t revolve around returning to work at his uncle’s, they involve helping Sam settle here. “Sam-- he’s saying yes to the job?”
When he gets home, the pamphlet is sitting there, where he’d dropped it, LOVING THE MASCULINE OMEGA. It’s less of a pamphlet and more of a small zine, really, and he picks it up, dropping onto the couch.
“I hardly think you are ‘just some lousy bum’. But I wish I had known… I wish I had known.”
“I don’t own enough stuff to need the truck.” Dean snorts. “Let alone fill up a room. Cas’ stereo cabinet’s got plenty of room to move my records in, and… that’s most of what I own. Coupla books and some clothes, not like I got any furniture or nothing.”
were a kid, Cas wants to tell him. Why did no one protect
“Yes, come in, please.” He nods, stepping aside and holding the door wide, giving Dean space so that he’s not crowded, entering. “I’ll show you through to the garden, it’s… it takes a lot of work, and I’m here alone…”
He can count the times someone drew him a bath past the age of four on his fingers, and it feels weird at first, watching Cas pull the little cushioned stool up to the tub so that he doesn’t have to bend over and strain his back in order to fuss with the taps, or to measure out epsom salts, or test the water as it fills. But it’s a really good weird, like maybe this is what having an alpha’s supposed to be, maybe when you work hard and your muscles start to ache, you should expect the person who takes care of you to run you a bath. He pays attention, to the number of scoops of epsom salts Cas uses, so that he can do it right the next time Cas hurts, the next time a bath might help him.
“Jesus, Dean.” Sam repeats, but instead of building frustration, it’s said with a sadness, a weariness. He pulls a chair up close to Dean’s, sits down with their knees knocking together and leans forward to rub at Dean’s arms like he’s in shock, and maybe he is. “What happened?”
“Yes.” He closes his eyes, tries to master his nerves.
“Ro’s thinking maybe more neutral colors, but the blue is growing on me. Maybe just… pick up a little white to refresh the doorframe and then paint some clouds around the walls. Green throw rug. Put a rocking chair by the window.”
“Gabriel wanted to watch Independence Day. I remember that. Aside from that, I’m afraid… not much. A lot of documentaries, on nature mostly. A couple of musicals.”
“Only if I can give you one.”
: he writes.
“I’m surprised he prayed at all, he was so sure you were…”
, if I had the chance to do things right for even a minute, I would, but now you’re here and even with you unconscious I don’t know what to say. You know you’re it, right? You know that, that bond we have, it’s… You know when I say you’re family, it’s not like… It’s like, when two people
Dean calls Gabriel, though it’s Rowena whose voice Cas hears, faintly, she talks him through everything he can do. Make sure Cas is in the most comfortable position possible, make sure Tybalt is somewhere secure in the house-- not a problem, he’s parked himself on top of Cas’ chest and is purring anxiously. It’s Rowena who provides the calm, supportive voice of an alpha in command of the situation, as she tells Dean where the first aid kit in Cas’ house is and what he needs and doesn’t need from it.
Cas gets it-- Sam is taking his first job as a full-fledged lawyer working part-time for a non-profit, and it’s his good fortune to have whatever he might have saved away, with having gone to school on a scholarship, having no student loans to repay, but still… it limits his options.
“It’s not always like that.” Dean adds. “Those… the ones that were punishment, from when I used to fight back or try to escape… sometimes I think maybe I could be proud of those. But it goes back and forth, you know?”
“I think my kicking-down-doors days are behind me.” He snorts. “I’m probably going to need surgery by the time I’m fifty, I’d rather not need it by the time I’m forty, if I can help it.”
“Yeah, and you got a fat lip, you ain’t gonna be so happy if I go in for a kiss now.”
They let go and straighten up. Dean returns to the edge of the bed, taking Cas’ hand again. Bringing it back up, focusing on the feel of him, the warmth of his skin and the shape of each knuckle he presses to his lips. Turns Cas’ hand over in his to kiss the heel, his palm. Tries to give Cas back all the tender, attentive care Cas has given him in the brief time since his return, tries to be as comforting as he’s found him.
“You don’t gotta call someone. Look, are there tools in a maintenance closet or something? It’s a two-minute fix, easy. Hot Rod Lincoln out there hasn’t been getting the right routine maintenance, that’s all.”
“Kissing.” His smile is crooked, fragile beneath the devil-may-care charm.
“Figure it will be. If it’s in my bed.”
“You’ve never masturbated.”
didn’t
“I just mean… we’re… I like spending time with you. I like being with you. And I don’t think I’m any better at this than you are-- I think I might be worse-- but I… I’m glad you called me. I’m glad you… I’m glad you stopped taking my money, because if you hadn’t, I’d never be able to tell you that nothing makes me happier than when you pick out movies that you want to share with me, except maybe when you sit at my table and I get to watch you eat. Or when you teach me how to cook and we get to… we get to provide for each other. Or when I see you with your brother, or with mine, and the air smells like roses and there’s dirt on my hands, and it feels like we really have a pack here. You make me happy, in ways I forgot how to be.”
do this, all the time. Your place feels… safe. And I feel good here, not just safe, like… well, whatever, I mean… you know. I’m making these important decisions, being able to talk about it, even think about it, because you… you helped with that. And now that Sam’s here…”
The laugh is weak, but it’s there, it’s the most beautiful sound Dean’s ever heard. “You know there are many things which are neither human nor immortal. I… am now one of them. I believe. Not human, but no longer an angel.”
“Wait, do that again.” Sam says, which means he had not just let himself out after the hug like he should have.
Maybe he does.
more expendable than the
Benny holds up a finger, disappearing back into the trailer, before coming back with a
Maybe he can support him in other ways-- go to the gym with him, and perhaps cheer him on at training weekends sometimes, though he will have to be a little more mindful of his own limits when he does, do some exercises, some obstacles, and spend more time stretching and cheering from the sidelines. Return to some of the team-building social things, if it would make it easier, though of course Jody and Donna will always be there to help Dean feel at home on the team. Still… maybe when they tell him that they want him there whether or not he’s an active member of the strike team, he could start believing them again.
Cas snorts, face heating.
“Is getting a blowjob, in the shower, from an angel, with lips like
“Really?” Dean breaks into the biggest grin yet, it eclipses his face. “‘Cause, you know, I… I’ve been talking to Jody about joining the team.”
He shakes his head again, slower.
“No. My hands are full.”
“Overdid it?” Gabriel sits next to him, and Cas ignores the teasing tone, throwing an arm around his brother and resting their heads together. “What? What did I do to deserve this? Just the irresistible glow of pregnancy?”
, you asked for me for only that, you needed me. What else could I do?”
“Like this?”
She wipes his shoulder down first, alcohol pad cold against his skin, before Cas carefully turns up his sleeve and takes a little ink pad to his hand. He wraps it around Dean’s shoulder, just as he must have done the very first time. He folds his clean hand into Dean’s, they both squeeze once, before the artist readies her tattoo gun.
, you’re back!”
“I don’t know. What I know is… I have nightmares, still. Where I never got my big brother back. I wake up and I call him, because even though I know… I don’t feel right until I see him again. I don’t need to be protected, or taken care of, the way that I did when I was a child. But I still need him. And he still looks out for me. And if I had spent years thinking I would never have him back, I would be grateful for whatever parts of him I could get back, even if he wasn’t the Gabriel I remembered him as.”
“Uh-- uh, yeah.” He swallows. “You, uh, you want some pointers?”
“There…” Cas turns the taps off at last, first one and then the other, swirls his hand through the water one last time to test it. “I can go, if--”
now that he could ask himself ‘could I settle down with Cas’ and know the answer’s no. It would be so much easier, and it would still hurt like Hell, a hurt he
“Not the kind you have to worry about. Promise. If it ever was, you’d be the first we’d tell. Just… routine, but the kind of crap… you know, you put it off and you put it off, and then one day maybe your mate tells you it’s not the kind of thing you’re supposed to put off, but if you both go in together it’s less intimidating, so you schedule a couples’ pap smea--”
“This is your room, huh?” He sounds like he must be by the bookcase. “No radio in here or nothing?”
“Yeah, well… this is different.” Dean shrugs. Near to ten years without sunlight, without any
“Hello, Dean.”
Gabriel grins at his expression of disgust and discomfort, and only grins twice as hard when Rowena gives his backside a swat in passing, on her way to grab another crate to load in.
“I haven’t!”
Well, okay, a little bit, once. But you know what they say, what happens in purgatory stays in purgatory. He’s not sure if it actually even happened.
He sticks close to Cas’ side for the walk down to Sal’s taco truck, where Cas picks up a couple of burritos, deeming them among the easier things to eat in the truck, and then over to the butchers’ trailer, where they only have to wait a moment for Benny to produce the box of neatly-wrapped brown paper packages.
“It’s a rough translation.” Cas smiles, taking Dean’s chin in hand, and tilting him in to be kissed. “I think you’ll know the sentiment best as… ‘I am the one who gripped you tight, and raised you from perdition’. And, of course, below, in the reverse… Never forget, when I saved you, I was saved also, Beloved. Never forget, taking you in my keeping is what set me free.”
For one thing, it’s Cas, who he trusts. Cas cares about him, Cas would back off in a heartbeat if Dean expressed any discomfort.
“He’s an impressionable young boy we’ve taught to kill things, now I can’t swear? Are we all missing the bigger point here? The Jack-is-
“Is he… was he looking…?”
It might be too wide a field of potential choice, Dean nods silently, before glancing around.
“Rowena. It’s nice to see you, too.” He rolls his eyes.
for this.
“What do you listen to, anyway?”
“I’m sure you will. What is it you want to do with yourself?”
Dean nods, though he looks to Jody for her approval, too.
to recommend. When we work on this, it’s always going to be okay for the answer to be nope, not happening. And you’re always going to be in control. No harsh chemical ruts, and no pushing yourself to do something you’re not comfortable with because it suits someone else’s normal.”
