"Please...come and visit some time. You're always welcome. And it will do him some good. Do you both some good."
His gaze bored into his brother, "/John deserves more than being a lowly whore to a Prince, he deserves this, a permanent bond between us, we've already become closer than I've ever been with anyone. I want to be with him./"
Yet John was fully in the mindset that he did deserve Fawnlock, and the fae was his, just his Fawnlock, not a prince or royalty. It was just the two of them in this lovely wood, and the pressures of their titles melted away while they were together. He settled down against Fawnlock's cuddle and watched as he flipped through more pages, describing when they were taken and tracing his mother and father's face with such reverence.
Fawnlock lifted John's wrist back up towards his face to nuzzle at his lover's palm, cheeks still slightly warm as he smiled softly and pressed a kiss to the worn and calloused skin of John's palm, "Thank you, John, I'm glad you find it arousing." He murmured softly, shifting closer to rub his damp nose along John's jaw, releasing his mate's wrist as his hand went to rub settle over John's heart. The Fae's tail swished in his contentment and his ears flicked as he nuzzled at John's jaw and neck, snuffling softly.
He looks to John expectantly, smile still painted on his lips. John grabs Sherlock's hand and squeezes it, he had sincerely missed his friend. It had worried him that he wasn't going to show for a moment there, "Yea, love them. Why?"
John frowns as he is only glanced at, the boy moving on to the next pool. Sherlock wasn't paying much attention when he stepped next, he stepped on a small tangle of seaweed and his foot slipped out from under him. He falls into the shallow pool, head hitting the edge of the stone.
That feeling won't ever leave either of them for goodness knows how long...
As he was pulled back, dark blue eyes stared up at Fawnlock, John's fingers lightly brushing against his mate's stomach, smoothing over the soft fur of his underbelly.
He was very careful to avoid the gash, and keep the soap from running down into the fawn's eyes. His mate may love it when John pushed his hands through the dense, dark hair, but John loved it as well, the repetitive motion was soothing to him, and the obvious pleasure Fawnlock took in it, made him happy as well. As well as his hair, John slicked the suds up over the branching antlers also, cleaning the tips were he'd gored the beast.
John was nearly breathless with the passion burning through him, and the growing swell of impending release that filled him with an immense, needy pressure. But he couldn't wrench his gaze away from their sliding pricks and fumbling hands, the fae's desperate eagerness spilling over into him as well as if it were contagious. However when he felt the press of the fawn's lips against his, he tilted his gaze back up to catch sight of those silvery eyes and their fluttering lashes, kissing back with enthusiasm and desire.
Fawnlock murmured softly as John kissed his neck, a shiver tripped up his spine, and the Fae huffed. His dark palms slid over John's thighs where the fawn wasn't seated, and his toes wriggled under the water.
"You're more than welcome, love." He hummed with the kiss, smiling and giving one of his own before he lifted the tray and took their dishes back to the kitchen, setting them in the sink. He rinsed them out and put away the pot of the remaining soup, after making a container to bring to Mrs. Hudson.
"You're right..."  He climbs into the limo and sits staring out the window.  After a moment, he pulls out his phone to distract himself.
Rinsing away the blood and patting him dry with sterile bandages, he then began squeezing the cuts closed and pouring the glue like liquid over the gashes, keeping an eye on the fawn's face to make sure he wasn't passing out.
Fawnlock chuckled softly as he tried to teach John some of basic words in his native tongue, mostly tree names, "/Oak,/ John, it's pronounced like that," the Fae easily transitioned between languages as he spoke, "It isn't too complicated, it's basic, unlike the ready of the Fae language." The Fae explained softly before he said the word once more and promptly snickered softly at John's attempts.
The fawn's gaze flicked over his wood as they walked, always on guard, though nothing'd be dumb enough to attack Moosecroft, he was a very powerful King, even his younger brother had to admit.
"/This...fool hardly dalliance you've taken part in is no doubt due to the taboo nature of choosing a human. You wish for him to be a mate, yet by the very definition of the word, he never can be. Not only is this creature not a Fae, but he is male and human. You will never be able to create a litter with him and continue our line. At best, you should take him as a concubine and nothing more./" He pulled back with a look of pure disinterest on his face. "/You shouldn't get so attached to your play things. Eventually he'll break, and you'll have wasted your only bond on a creature who has already lived through half of his lifespan at best./"
"We are definitely a pair..." John murmured fondly as she scampered off, feeling his cheeks heat up. When she returned with the jumper, his smile widened and he accepted it, holding it tight to his chest.
Fawnlock's promises made John so utterly happy it felt like he'd swallowed a miniature sun. His non messy hand still slid through the fawn's hair, stroking the tangle of curls soothingly as his mate's breathing calmed and his heartbeat slowed back to normal. He didn't mind as Fawnlock smeared their combined release across his chest and shoulder, they were already plenty messy and the fae was probably more than pleased to have John smell more like him anyways.
The Fae bleated softly, eyes fluttering closed at the feel of John's fingers on his ears. He opened his eyes after a moment, gaze moving to John's, he cocked his head slightly. His ears twitched as he smoothed his dark palms down John's neck and over his shoulders, "With my kind mating is barely about procreation, we live so long, that it isn't needed. Mates are about not being alone, having someone to spend a lifetime with. Mates love each other, and that's why a lot of Fae spend whole centuries looking for their mate, for a lover and a friend." Explained the fawn softly, that was what his maman had told him when he was young, when he'd asked. Though Fawnlock himself never really saw the point, he'd preferred solitude over his kind's or anyone else's company, though he supposed it wasn't all that true anymore.
Sherlock nods, a smile curling his lips. He starts to take pieces out of the box, organizing them in his own manic manner.
Fawnlock blinked a few times, calming himself and rebuilding his calm, icy mask. Though his eyes still glowed faintly with his fury, "/If you will not allow me to have John, I will renounce my title as Prince, I'll even give you my wood, I'll no longer be Guardian of the Wood of Spirits. It will hurt me, but not as much as losing John. You can banish me from this realm, all I want is John, my true and only mate./" He promised, vowed, voice grave and somber.
It was like all the pleasure Fawnlock was feeling seeped right into John. As he made his mate feel good, he felt the same in return, as if their positions were switched. It simply felt amazing to be able to make Fawnlock feel so wonderfully.
Sherlock smiles at John, he nibbles on his marshmallow. He chuckles as he watches Mycroft devour his third sweet, "Don't eat too much, brother." He teases lightly giving his brother a smile.
John paused for a brief moment as the fawn murmured something softly that he couldn't understand, following the touch of the dark fingers onto his knees. He didn't seem to be touching John to get him to stop, but rather leaning into the exploration and steadying himself. The smile he wore was evident enough of that. This close, John let his gaze flick down to the fae's face, observing every freckle and darker patch of skin.  Fawnlock was adorable like this, basking in the attention John was bestowing on him. He couldn't understand why the fawn had no friends. John couldn't find a single thing wrong with him. He was amazing and endearing, smart as a whip and caring. He decided it was just their loss and his gain. Down his hand slid, back along the antler and into the thick curls, brushing them back from the fawn's forehead, watching how they just fell right back into place.
"I want you to feel what I feel," The fawn murmured, bleating softly as he leant forward to nip at John's jaw.
Fawnlock's words made him flush deeply, and John sighed happily, turning his head slightly so he could press kisses to the side of the fawn's face, up into his hair and around the base of his antlers.
"Oh?" Mrs. Holmes looks to Sherlock. "Tell mummy all about him."
Sherlock pouts, "No, you'll muss them up." He takes John's other hand, pouting even more at his friend's amused face.
He smiled a small lopsided smile at his mate, "Thank you John, its good." He are a bit more, leaning into his mate's side lightly.
Fawnlock's mother and father stood side by side, and a young Moosecroft stood in front of them. In the mother's arms, was a very small fawn, light skinned and dappled all over like a baby deer. There was the unmistakably lock of dark curl atop his head as well, no doubt where his name had come from. John ran his fingers carefully over the little sleepy bundle in the picture. It made his heart simply ache, with love, with sadness. It was overwhelming, and he couldn't find any words for it. It was in no way his fault that Fawnlock's family had suffered. But John had never felt so sorry for something in his life. He felt the burning prickle of tears behind his eyes. He'd never seen something so perfect in all of his life.
Oh! There it was! When his mate switched back to actual English, John could tell now. There was something like a click in the back of his mind when the fae changed to his natural language. John gave a surprised gasp, as apparently he'd just done something wonderful simply by being himself. Whatever forest gods were out there were evidently smiling down upon their bond, making it so strong and powerful already.
"I'll be fine. I'll be here when you get back." He pressed their noses together for one last nuzzle and then turned Fawnlock around and gave his pert bottom a little pat, urging him towards the leather flap that covered the entrance to the den.
((split up because of smut in next chapter and also length issues))
The fawn spoke harshly in his native tongue, the other birds bowing their heads as well. Suddenly the Fae became quiet, flashing his teeth at the birds, "/If Moosecroft has any wish to get more information, have him come to me. And not send his birds to spy on me./" He growled, and in a flash most of the birds took flight, leaving several others who bowed their heads and flapped back into the cluster of trees.
Sherlock scowls at Mycroft's words, "Fine, but I'm going to gather specimens and samples the whole time." He leans into his brother as they continue to go in silence.
Even though everything was so new to him, Fawnlock knew John would guide him, with gentle, loving, kind hands. And he wasn't afraid, of what John could do to him, how vulnerable his mate could make him feel, or of the scorching burn of pleasure that coursed throughout his furred body, threatening to torch the fawn. The human's gentle hand felt positively glorious around his prick, each stroke and thrust tightening the coil of pleasure in the Fae's belly.
'Can't he just make one friend? He didn't make a single friend this year at all...' Mycroft waits by the limousine, not running forward to meet his brother, having been demanded by Sherlock to not do that, as the other kids made fun of him for it. Sherlock quickly slips between his brother and the open limo door, scooting into his normal seat. He slumps against the window and crosses his arms, refusing to speak as per usual after a bad day.
"I'd like it all. I want to do everything with you. I want to experience it all." John smiled and ran his hands up along his mate's torso and shoulders, to cup his cheeks and rub over them with his thumbs, feeling his whole body hum with happiness. Why not add to it? "If you'd like...when the snow clears, we can clean out the cellar and set up a lab for you here at home? That way you can perform your experiments here too, so you don't have to go hoofing all over the woods. Would you like that?"
"How was Mrs. Hudson?" He asked softly, snuggling up against his mate, fingers gently curling against John's jumper.
John considered this as he watched Fawnlock move away again to examine his baskets. Obviously Fawnlock's family had the higher status, because John didn't have any sort of crest. As his mate returned, John looked at the crest, noting the horns and vines and heart. He stroked the design with a thoughtful hum. Should he wear this crest then? A pin, or maybe a pendant?
There were so many things he was eager to show Fawnlock and teach him, but they had so many days to follow in which he could introduce his mate to everything under the sun that John Watson knew. He wrapped both hands around the fae, settling them both down on his lower back above the fluffy tuft of his tail. John tucked his cheek on top of Fawnlock's head, avoiding the antlers and nuzzling down into the curls with a sigh.
"Fawnlock....I'm back!" He headed into the living room, over to the fawn's side and dropped down onto his knees to pull him up into a hug, nuzzling at the warm scarf around his neck. "Oh, I missed you, Love."
John grabs their plant from the back room, it is just sprouting up from the soil, its growth charting stick right next to it. The people who they were supposed to be assigned to, complained and they were luckily paired together.
Sherlock pouts slightly as his friend speaks, "Well, astronauts also need to be proficient in maths and sciences, so not totally not worth it, I'm mean it's space." He explains though he knows how much John hates those two subjects... even though he needs both for being a doctor as well... Sherlock shakes his head and decides he shouldn't bother with such things at least a decade away from them as John starts to drag him to the next exhibit.
Sherlock's still wary of the other boy but lets himself get dragged across the beach. Maybe he could make a friend, finally and not be so lonely. The other pools were indeed interesting, they had much more life. Sherlock collected a few samples and even pulled out his magnifying glass to examine an interesting rock.
Sherlock sighs softly and cuddles closer to his friend. Everything would be better now, he could feel it.
"You're gorgeous like this John," murmured the Fae, "all flushed and pupils blown, wanting my fingers around you. Breath all heavy and warm, you're so beautiful."
A shiver ran up the Fae's back at John's fingers circling his antlers. Fawnlock's eyes widened slightly, ears dropping with surprise at John's words. A smile started to form on his lips, the fawn leaning forward to nuzzle John's neck and pepper kisses on the human's face. His ears perked up as he nosed John's jaw, his tail swishing.
"You're welcome..." John looks down at the pool that the strange boy had fallen in and then at the boy himself. He figured he should probably get an adult to look at his bump, but he didn't seem the type to want to be looked after.
"Would you like a drink?"
"Here we are. We'll have to take the lift up to the eighth floor.. I really hope Harry isn't going to bug us."  John mutters that last bit quieter.
"You're welcome. It was fun. What do you want to do after lunch?" John leans on the bed as he watches his friend sort his samples.
Fawnlock hugged John back tightly, nuzzling his nose by John's ear, he snuffled softly, scenting his mate. His ears flicked and his tail swished in contentment, the Fae happy to have his mate back by his side.
"Mycroft, Winston, Mary and Mrs. Hudson surprised me with this, it's a mouse maze... Mycroft said once I've put it together he has another surprise."
"It's this sonnet... I think I can relate to it a bit but... I mean it's about
As John released his hip, Fawnlock's eyes, which had been closed for quite a while, fluttered open. The Fae tilted his head to gaze at John, the sight of his mate, bobbing his head, taking his aching heat into his wonderful mouth, pulled a groan from the fawn's lips.
Drawing in a shaky breath, he smiled up at the fawn and moved his hand to rub soothingly at the fawn's hip. He glanced down at the dense patch of hair above Fawnlock’s crotch, moving his fingers over towards it and stroking through the dark curls and then cupping the heated flesh beneath.
"I'd certainly call it a torture chamber, I feel as if I'm surrounded by primitive idiots and not only that... my classes are far too easy for me."  He smiles a tiny smile to himself, wondering if that was a bit crass.
"Make sure to shake the spiders out love." He called, then turned to find the bits he'd packed for them to eat. He could heat the thermos in the fire, and pour the stew into mugs that they could sip out of.
"I'll stay with her. We can go there tonight after dinner, I'm sure she'd like to see you for a bit before you have to leave." He nuzzled his round nose against Fawnlock's sleek, dark one, smiling softly. "As long as you wear your scarf when you go. So I'll be there with you."
"Moosecroft won't be able to ignore our love." He finished his tea and leant back once more, snuffling at John's neck, scenting him. "Everything will be alright," he finally agreed after several quiet moments. The fawn huffed softly after a bit, pushing back up to press a series of kisses across John's face, cheek over the bridge of his (adorable) nose to cheek.
"Anything for you baby brother...." He pats his back, motioning him to join at John's side.
Sherlock stands with a neutral but slightly annoyed face as his aunt kisses his cheek. After she moves on to Mycroft, he wipes off her horrid red lipstick that's now smudged on his face off with the inside of his jacket's sleeve.
The fawn bleats softly as the scent of the chocolate biscuits hits his nose, he leans forward to nuzzle John's hairline before he took his tea. He took a sip and gave his mate an appreciative smile at the extra sweet tea. Fawnlock gave a soft bleat, picking up a biscuit and bit into it, ears flicking slightly.
Fawnlock shivered as John's fingers circled his antlers, his speckled fingers moving to lay on John's thigh. The fawn gave a content bleat, nuzzling the human's wrist. He shook his fingers free of John's other hand and moved to hold his elbow instead. John paused just a fraction as the fawn touched his leg, waiting patiently as Fawnlock adjusted himself before he continuing the petting.  Fawnlock's ear twitched under the human's fingers and a loud rumbling sounded in his chest. He never would have thought having someone stroke his ears and play with his hair would feel as good as it did, he absolutely loved it. The fawn leaned into John even more, tilting his head, careful of his antlers.
They hear a knock on the front door from John's room.
"If you insist," he laughs again and pats his hand while softly giggling when he is pinched.
Niko here to edit chapter two, enjoy!
((Time skip because))
The fawn's ear twitched slightly, and Fawnlock's eyes fluttered closed as a soft rumble sounded through his chest. When he was young, he'd let his maman rub his ears, it was always so nice, and comforting. John's fingers on his ears felt just as good as he remembered, maybe even better. The fawn leaned forward slightly, and into John's hand, the scratching was heavenly. Fawnlock gave a content bleat and he felt the strong urge to nuzzle his human friend.
The Fae's ears flicked and his tail swished in excitement of the new development in their bond, he remembered something Mrs. Hudson'd once said about the bonds between mates, that a bond helped a couple understand each even more than before. So if Fawnlock's theory was correct, after Moosecroft had "blessed" (in his own annoying git way) their bond, combined with how the fawn had admitted his fears and insecurities about their bond to his mate, it had strengthened their bond that much more. Causing John to be able to understand him, the fawn wondered how far that understanding went, if Mrs. Hudson was to speak in their native tongue, would John understand her? Or what if the fawn wrote something in Fae, would his mate understand that too? What if it was something Moosecroft'd wrote?
He probably couldn't outright understand Moosecroft or Mrs Hudson completely if they spoke fae either. Maybe he'd understand what he'd already heard from his mate? They'd have plenty of time to figure it out. John accepted all of Fawnlock's kisses with a happy hum, running his fingers over the tightly scrawling script that was his love's handwriting.
"/Moosecroft, dear, hullo, it's your favorite as well,/" She looked over to John with a mischievous look, "They can almost never agree, but they can agree on their favorite kind of biscuit," she moved forward, taking the plate of biscuits with her (to Fawnlock's dismay), holding them out for the bull.
The fawn's ears flicked as his smile grew in size slightly, "How did you sleep?" He asked, raising this arms above his head and over the nest to stretch. He bleated softly as his joints popped and cracked blissfully, Fawnlock leant forward to snuffle at John's face, pressing soft kisses over his mate’s cheeks and the bridge of his nose.
Sherlock nods and smiles softly, taking the paper, "Welcome, I'll try to call," he sniffles slightly, "You're the best first mate I've ever had, even better than Mycroft." He bites his lip, he can feel the burning prickling the back of his eyes, and he can see John's eyes swimming in tears as well.
He pulled away slight to look up at John, "Sleep now? You look tired." The fawn laid his mate down and curled up around him.
A trip to the museum!
John was chewing furiously on his bottom lip as well, trying to bite back moans and cries to hear more of the desperate whimpering and pants of his mate, every disjointed word and call of John's name like music only meant for the blond, a symphony that made his heart and body sing with such love he was sure he would burst. Finally he realized holding anything back was selfish, and he whispered the fawn's name with such revelation, nuzzling any bit of fur or skin he could touch.
A smile twitched across the fawn's lips as his ears perked, "Thank you John." He murmured softly, burying his nose into the fabric around human's neck. He snuggled into John, reveling in the other's warmth and company. Something he'd never done before. He huffed softly, wrapping his arms around the human, snuffling softly. "You're always welcome in this wood John, even if you have to leave, whatever reason... You can always come back... This is your home too, you are my herd." He spoke quietly though loud enough for John to hear through the fabric his face was buried into.
"Let's pretend to be actually gay. I'd like to see some of their response if we were to proudly display it like my sister does. If it really offends some of them so much, should be quite funny, especially if it frightens them."
The fawn raised a hand to brush over the hand-woven baskets hanging on the walls of his old den as he padded throughout the familiar space.
John closed his eyes for just a moment as the fawn nuzzled back, bleating beside his ear with a warm huff of breath. This whole thing felt wonderful, the closeness, the absolute trust he'd managed to earn from this wonderful creature. It was the sort of bond that was so rare; he'd been searching for it for all his life, and just about given up. It was what every person craved to find in the world. Perhaps with the ancient system of honor the fae upheld, it was easier for them. Yet Fawnlock had lived for centuries and hadn't discovered it. Reopening his eyes to find the freckled face right before him, John was utterly mesmerized. His heart thudded heavy in his chest, pounding a furious tattoo against the skin. He was worried that somehow he'd ruin all this, take more than he was allowed, sacrifice this comfortable closeness. Was this enough, just being content with petting and nosing at cheeks? Indecision creased his brow for a mere moment before his fingers traveled down through tangles of curls to cup Fawnlock's soft cheeks. John leaned in the last few inches and brought their mouths together in a slow an gentle kiss. He was sure he'd have to explain it afterwards, but right then, it had just felt right.
Seeing the tears glisten in the corner of the fawn's eyes, John leaned down and kissed them away. Obviously Fawnlock was far from upset, all the little moans and gasps and jerks of his hips was evidence of that. The Fae whimpered softly as John kissed away the drops spilling from his eyes, the fawn nuzzling closer to his mate.
"The blessing from the courted's family," he said softly, "In your position, that'd be Moosecroft, but- though it's custom, it doesn't have to be him, we-we could ask Mrs. Hudson instead."
The young Fae bleated once more, leaning forward to nuzzle at John's hairline contently, "I'd like that, a ring you've made." Fawnlock murmured softly, rubbing his speckled thumbs over John's knuckles gently. "I'd wear it every day, never ever taking it off."
The Fae pressed soft kisses to John's thighs, dragging the denim down all the way and off of John's legs completely.
Then he looks at his friend, smiling, "You want to hold him, John?" He offers, giggling softly at the mouse's whiskers tickling his palms as he shifted itself and move around.
Greg gives a soft chuckle, having felt that way at first as well. "Yes, it is very real Mycroft." He smirks a bit, "Would you like a pinch to confirm it?" He smiles a happy lopsided smile, thumb stroking over a lightly freckled and rosy cheek.
"Yes...let's go home." He croaked, reaching up and taking hold of the fawn's hand firmly, leading him back to the small deer trail. He was practically marching as the svelte fawn skipped behind him, no doubt smirking at John's hurried pace.
John was a human, and he only existed on the fringe of this world. Fawnlock was the one who bonded him to this world in anyway. John shifted down, sliding kisses down his mate's face and jaw along the way, until he was the one buried against the other's throat, nuzzling against his long, beautiful neck. His hands slid lower as well, curving over his pert bottom and brushing the tops of the fawn's thighs with his fingertips.
"I'd assume the second surprise to be a mouse."
The elder fae dipped his head down and chose where to begin.
John smiled happily at the nuzzle and compliment, kissing the fawn's cheek before he turned to go pick up his pack and pull it onto his back.
"You won't Sherlock. I promise."
John sits up so that he can return the hug fully and firmly, Sherlock slipping into his lap.
Mycroft blanches at the seriousness coming from the seven-year-old. It is quite... scary. He swallows hard but then smiles. His baby brother is already turning into a strong young man, with his faithful best friend at his side.
"Sherly, it's time for lunch, why don't you invite your friend?" The ginger haired teenager smiles.  John can see a bit of similarity between the two. They must be brothers. John looks to Sherlock, wondering if he will actually invite him over.
The fawn panted softly, curling his fingers around the heat of John's arousal, stroking from base to tip at a good pace. He nosed at his mate's cheek, breath puffing in hot bursts into John's mouth.
"Thank you, Myc!!"
The fawn slumped slightly as he ate the soup, after a bit he settled his bowl back on the tray to take up a slice of bread and sniff at it carefully. It didn't look like Mrs. Hudson's homemade bread, it didn't quite smell the same either, but after a few seconds scrutinizing the bread slice, Fawnlock shrugged slightly and took a bite, bleating at the different but pleasant taste.
The fawn's hand tightened in the bedding of their nest, he tried not to buck him hips up into John's mouth, tried not to hurt John with the speckled fingers in his sand hair,  the fawn took deep breathes to steady and level himself.
Once the kiss to John nose signaled that the fawn was done, John reopened his eyes and then reached for the fawn, pulling him down against John's chest as the man slid down into the bath further. He held Fawnlock against him, stroking his back and shoulders and just relaxing, the deep rumble in the fawn's chest continued as John held him close in the tub and Fawnlock snuggled closer. They stayed soaking in the tub until the water was starting to lose its heat and his fingers wrinkled like prunes.
The fawn smiled at John's reassuring words, ears flicking as his mate's fingers brushed his velvety ears when he ran them through Fawnlock's curls. The Fae bleated softly in thanks when John brought some books to the nest's edge for him, he watched John move away and start to prepare his pack.
Sherlock smiles softly as John speaks excitedly, the younger boy was extremely happy he'd decided to ask John over to the museum. They stood by the counter dutifully, as if guarding the spot until Mycroft, Mrs. Watson, and Winston arrive.
"So what is going on here?"
Fawnlock's chest practically vibrated with the loud rumble deep within, his damp nose brushing John's cheek. A dark blush settled under the fawn's soft fur as he found wasn't alarmed at all by the human's body covering his, almost draped over him. As in fact the Fae's nerves almost lit up with the pressure of John atop him, finding ferocious warmth spreading through his furred body. He made a soft sound in the back of his throat as he tried to get closer to John, ears flicking as he pulled away, practically panting, but wanting nothing more than to meet lips with John once more.
Sherlock had slipped into his Mind Palace, the rug wasn't really of interest, and the older boy's voice snaps him out of it.
The pools that he likes to hang around normally are right ahead and oh? Whats this? Another kid? John smiles to himself, very shyly and approaches the boy [or is that a girl?] with pale skin and head of dark curls.
"We'll be careful with him," John responds, smiling still.
Sherlock nods thoughtfully, eyeing the sprouting plant in John's hands. He shoulders his pack, "We'll have to find Mycroft and tell him," he grabs for John's free hand, humming softly.  As they exit the school building Sherlock spots his older brother, "Mycroft, I'm going to John's house tonight. We're going to work on our project."
Sherlock laughs as the tiny octopus clings to his friend's hand, and moves off his fingers. "We should probably put it back, it looks like a baby." He smiles as he kneels by the pool once more. He reaches into the water to pick out a piece of coral.
"You're a cheeky fawn." He breathed, bringing his hands back down to gently rest on top of the fawn's thighs, letting him do as he pleased.
Niko coming at you with chapter 5 edit! Enjoy!
"Bugger.. not again..."  John hears muffled speech from his mother as talks to someone else.
"No. That's not all. You have me." He leaned up and touched their foreheads together with a soft smile.
"John, look, this stone has mica in it." He says, "a real big piece too.." He rubs his thumb against the shiny smooth piece of stone.
He took the scarf from his mate and unraveled it, wrapping it around his neck. His fingers worked around the soft knitted cashmere as he listened to Fawnlock, nodding where appropriate. He already was sure he would care for this Moosecroft- he already sounded like an outright git.
"No! It's not that!" Fawnlock's eyes glowed in excitement, he bleated and wrapped his arms around John. He pulled away to peck his mate's cheek, that rumble starting deep in his chest. The Fae's tail flicked happily back and forth, "/You can understand me, yes?/" the Fae grinned and squeezed John once more as his mate gave a slightly confused nod, "/John, I'm not speaking English,/" he bleated happily once more, and nuzzled at John's jaw the feel of his mate's slight stubble making his smile a bit wider.
"Sherlock? Love?" John entered the still flat of 221B.
John brought over a tray filed with cups of tea, his and Sherlock prepared as they both liked, and cream sugar and honey in little pots so Moosecroft could make his cuppa how he liked. There was also a plate of the biscuits from Mrs. Hudson.
"A package came a few days ago, air holes poked in the sides, said fragile ... I'm hoping it's blind," he pauses, "Not to be cruel or anything, a blind mouse would be more interesting and most likely easier to train and get through mazes, better because of their sense of smell... And also those mice are always the ones no one wants, most are used to feed the snakes in pet shops."
John closed his eyes as the fawn's fingers slid through his hair, soaping it up with gentle touches. It was no wonder why Fawnlock liked his hair pet and stroked, even with John's short hair, it felt divine to have fingers slide over his scalp. John hummed, tilting his head towards Fawnlock's hands.
"I was quite the troublemaker when I was my brother's age, no clue why mother thought the second would be any better." Mycroft hums.  "After father passed she kind of fell apart, so I'm caring for Sherlock now, I'm seven years his senior."
Fawnlock felt a burst of warmth when he'd spotted John, his mask and icy facade fell away as he bleated softly, tail swishing side to side.
The older teen gives a cheeky grin, though he'd be lying if he said he wasn't overly relieved at Mycroft's words. "Of course I will."
John slid down beside his mate and listened carefully to the instruction, nodding as he surveyed the layout of their current nest. It made sense. He brightened and climbed to his feet.
Sherlock buries his face into his older brother's shirt, he sighs as he pulls back slightly, brows furrow slightly but a small smile quirks his lips.
"Uh..." John pulls up the tv guide on the screen and starts flipping through channels and to his God given luck, the second lord of the rings movie is on. He selects that and stares at the screen. It is twenty minutes in but who cares. John leans into Sherlock, cuddling close.  It feels good to just zone out.
Hey! Niko here with Chapter 11 and the moment you've all been anticipating.
"Do you have any siblings, Greg?"
"Thank you, John." He murmured softly. He pressed a gentle kiss to John's neck, murmuring softly in his own language. John smiled and ran his fingers up the back of Fawnlock's neck, up into his hair like the fae liked.
The soft plea made John shiver, and of course he gave into it, stroking the the fawn's pulsing prick with long, shallow pulls of his hand. The fawn whimpered again as he nipped John's shoulder lightly, his chest vibrated with the rumble that signaled all the pleasure his mate was giving him. The Fae's hand tightened on John's hip before letting go to let his speckled fingers brush over John's stomach, desperate for the feel of John bare, almost molded against his body.
"Yeah," John pulls his eyes away from the experiments and to his rainbow eyed friend, "Tell me about this tree we can climb? "
John and Sherlock share a menu, John orders a root beer, reading the kids menu as Sherlock orders.
Sherlock jumps excitedly as Mycroft with walks him up to John's apartment, they were going to have, as Mrs. Watson called it a 'play date' at the museum- Mycroft insisted on the stairs, however, ignored every question his younger brother threw at them. The only answer is  'Good cardio'... to which Sherlock gave him a bewildered look. The younger boy had no idea what a 'play date' was, it sounded ridiculous, but at least he got to see John and go to a museum with him too.
(See the end of the chapter for
They made it to the gate, and the younger Fae took the liberty of opening the portal and letting Moosecroft through first. As the entered his realm, the fawn shivered slightly, taking a deep breath and letting the familiar air of his wood fill his lunges and nose.
A corner of the fawn's lips twitched up in a little pleasant smile, his eyes fluttering closed as he as well reached through the bond, opening up to his mate. The fawn trusted John and his own instincts to keep him balanced and on the path, he took a deep pleasant breath then released it through his dark nose in a soft huff. Fawnlock's eyes fluttered open a few moments later and his smile grew, he moved to wrap an arm around John and pull him closer, the rumbling of the fae's chest vibrating them both as walked. The pair was close to his den, the fawn could feel it deep inside, and because of their bond, he was sure John could feel it too.
"It doesn't matter if we're gay or not, we're still different to them."
"Alright then?"
The taller boy looks up at the gray sky, feeling the slight nip in the air on his nose, "Well, I don't want it to die.." He frowns slightly, "We can't let that happen, John."
He walked slowly along the path, letting his gait match Fawnlock's so they were side by side. Despite his brother's obvious worry, Moosecroft would have never denied him happiness. He simply had to see how dedicated his sibling was. A bond was nothing to take lightly after all.
I am SOOO sorry this has taken so long, I'll see how many more chapters I can post, but I've got a job now and I'm moving with my family, so no big promises.
His head held high, Fawnlock met his brother's gaze, "/Brother, as I'm sure you are already aware, I have found someone,/" he ignored his brother's mock surprise, resisting the urge to roll his eyes, "/He is a wonderful man who accepts me and understands me. I wish for him to be my mate, I've come to ask for your blessing in our favor./"
"I apologized, but she was still upset, it's barely my fault." The fawn's eyes and ears fell downcast as he stepped into the clearing and started towards the cottage.
"Forty pounds. Adults are ten, children five. Special price because it's before noon." The woman hands over the tickets and has Mycroft sign the receipt.
There was no point on keeping himself contained and proper anymore; apparently the fawn had no hang-ups on pursuing their relationship in more physical terms, so John shouldn't either. Which was more than fine for the blond.
Sherlock frowns slightly, "I don't know, I notice, and I like to read," Sherlock stands as John lifts the glass, he holds out a palm, "May I?" John drops the shard into his hand.
"You'll find someone who wants to be your friend because you are the know-it-all freak one day Sherlock. In fact, they will love and admire that about you." Mycroft explains quietly, still running his fingers through his brother's curls. Sherlock winces slightly when Mycroft's fingers unintentionally hit the bruise on his forehead. He seethes and bites his lip. Mycroft notices the wince on his brother's face and frowns. He noticed everything about his brother.  Then there is the biting of the lip. He's in pain. Hesitantly he brushes Sherlock's curls away from his forehead and finds the purple bruise above his eyebrow.
The fawn nuzzled close, snuggling under the duvets. He started to drift, he fell asleep soundly, nuzzling against his mate in his sleep.
John drew the fawn into his arms, letting him huff and sniffle away his stress. He gently stroked down his mate's back, soothing him.
John reveled in the press of both nose and lips, wriggling closer to the fawn till not an inch space was between them, and had it not been for the fur and fabric, it would have been difficult to tell where one began and the other ended. John had never felt as close to another living being as he did Fawnlock, not even family. Though the fawn was his family now, wasn't he? John slid his arms down to encircle around Fawnlock's back and rolled them in the nest of leaves till they were covered in the brittle foliage, clinging to both John and Fawnlock's hair. "You and this wood are my heart. As long as I am here, I will protect both, just like you protected me."
"Yeah...I think I can switch. Maybe. It sort of feels like flipping a lever in my head when I am actually thinking about it." He hummed and reached back down to rub the edge of Fawnlock's ear, where it connected with his neck. "doesn't seem very fair, does it? You had to learn it yourself."
"I love stars!" John says excitedly and then blushes, realizing how girly that must have sounded. His sister always teased him for being a bit girly. "I-I really like Mars 'cause it's red and Saturn because of its rings. I know they're not stars but I like space. I might become an astronaut... or a doctor like my mum." John trails off, he didn't want to keep changing the subject. He knew the whole point of Sherlock changing the subject was to make him feel better but then John just had to go screw it up again.
There had been so much love when he was a child, and John was endlessly happy for that, his sadness melting away completely.
Fawnlock's ears flicked back and forth as he listened to John speak, his silvery eyes glowing slightly with contained joy.
The fingers in John’s hair stroked through the sandy strands as the fawn felt as if he was dancing on the edge of the abyss of release, "J-John!" He moaned the name low, his accent of his native language thick on his tongue. He was so close to that edge, the fawn panted, ears flicking as he teetered for a moment.
The fawn's damp nose slid across to the tender spot under John's ear, nuzzling earnestly, scenting the human with a small smile.
Mycroft's face lights up as he flushes with pride and love for his brother, he loves it when Sherlock is receptive to his affections and returns them even. It has been happening more since John entered their lives.
So John looked between the two and picked up a biscuit to nibble at, for lack of anything else to do.
"It's no bother to me," Mycroft says earnestly, dropping his bag beside the desk in the room and sits down in his computer chair.  He smiles at the sight of a Sisters of Mercy poster. He likes that band - when he has time for music, which is rare; so many homework assignments for his honors classes. He'll graduate this year if everything goes as planned. Three years ahead of everyone, Universities are already battling each other to have him study at their schools.
The Fae smiled softly, John was truly amazing, his dedication to the wood... And after such a short time..
The fawn smiled softly and nibbled on the biscuits John gave him. His ears flicked as the sounds of his bare padded feet and John's boots padding through the frost stiff grass echoed through the clearing, though admittedly John was making more noise than the lithe fawn.
John moved in close so he could watch the fawn write, eyes following the tip of the graphite across the page. It felt a little odd, a man as old as he being taught to write and read. But it wasn't as if he were challenged or an idiot, he was learning an entirely new language. He had to keep reminding himself of that.
Mycroft just smiles at their aunt, "Hello auntie, how are you? Is mummy feeling any better?"
Moosecroft leaned down and kissed Mrs. Hudson's cheek, thanking her for the bundle of biscuits. He smiled and nodded at her offer to visit more often; now that winter was falling, the woods would be less active and he could leave them more. He could tell it was going to be a cold, cold winter, and thus would give life to a robust spring.
"Oh," the taller boy tilts his head slightly, "Lots of stuff, science, my experiments, puzzles... You, cause I missed you a lot." The younger murmured.
John didn't bother to hide how pleased he was with the suggestion, grinning from ear to ear as he slung the pack over his shoulder. "I'd like that very much." He turned and began walking back the way he'd come, glancing over every now and then to make sure Fawnlock was still beside him. He vaguely noticed his limp was all but gone now, and he walked perfectly normal beside the other. "How long have you been the forest's guardian, Fawnlock? How exactly does that work?" He asked, because even though he was lightly furred, he still looked like a young man, younger than John for sure. His antlers were magnificent, but it was his understanding that bucks shed their antlers every season and grew them anew, so he doubted that it had taken years to grow them into the elegant curves and points.
Staring at the sink of blood and crushed veneer."
The fawn's ears twitched with slight irritation, he hated repeating himself, but that was overrun by his embarrassment, his ears dropping as his face flushed beneath his soft fur.
"I am too. Making you happy is very important to me. I think it's wonderful that you have this connection with your mum. It's like she's here, helping us build our home together." John raised his other hand to place it over his mate's heart, feeling that sweet rumble beneath his fingers. "She's already in here, as well as me."
"Let's go play some more!" Sherlock smiles and turns to John, flicking his eye patch back down.
Mycroft laughs, Sherlock had said that before and it was endearing.
The rumble strengthened as the fawn leant closer and bowed his head slightly to nuzzle at his mate's jaw.
Sherlock nods at John's words, "I would never dare," he murmurs, smiling at the small mouse, he looks to Mycroft, "His cage, and maybe.. His records?" He asks softly.
Harry watches the boys stupidly, her drunken brain catching up slowly.  Had that seven-year-old just insulted her? She is pretty sure he did.  When she goes to retort they had already left the room.  She fumes angrily but chooses to take another swig of the liquor in her hand and stumbles to the kitchen.  It is a matter of time before she begins throwing up, drinking on an empty stomach.
"We should do things like this more often, John thrives on the attention of his friends." Mrs. Watson makes conversation.
"I- I'd love to, Shakespeare is a personal favorite of mine." He looks down, closing his locker. "I don't have any study halls, so after school?"
"Wonderful." Mrs. Holmes seems to have brightened up quite a bit now. She had been seriously worried about Sherlock, he hadn't been making friends and was showing serious signs of becoming extremely antisocial.
As he repeated himself, John felt his heart swell, and slid his hands up the fawn's back, rubbing his shoulders and kissing a line up the fawn's neck, over his chin to his lips.
"You're welcome, Love. All that's mine is yours. I want you to always be comfortable while you're here, even if I'm not." He turned his head just enough so he could kiss the side of his mate's face, the purring and nuzzling making him smile. Always making him smile.
"Are you okay!?" John puts his hand on his head, looking where he hit it. "Well you're not bleeding..."
Wide eyes couldn't have been wrenched away from the magnificent creature if he wanted, even though fear coiled in his very core. Chest tightening, John realized he hadn't breathed in  nearly a minute, and finally gasped, cheeks flushed as oxygen rushed to his head and his heart felt as if it was going to burst. He was a soldier, hardly a coward. But bravery was the last thing on his mind. He was simply too stunned to remember the threat looming on the distant bank.  "What are you...?" He said in a breathy, deep voice, wondee and amazement dripping from every syllable.
He carefully lowers a hand into the box, letting the little mouse sniff at his hand, he giggles softly at the tickle of whiskers. Sherlock makes sure the mouse isn't afraid as he scoops it up gently in cupped palms.
"Um..." John looks to Sherlock and his hand is squeezed in reassurance. "Sherlock invited me to stay over, he's just down the way..."
"Then we should definitely tackle the honey cakes first. I'm going to spoil you rotten." He grinned and nuzzled against the side of Fawnlock face, nosing over his freckles and cheekbone.
The older teen decides to push it a bit and swipes his tongue over the seam of the younger's lips with some hesitancy.
Sure it's hard practically being a parent at the young age of fourteen, but it is something he has to do. Sherlock needs him and if he is supposed to be the one to raise and praise him. Guide him and be there. Then fine. Mycroft will do it. He loves Sherlock with all his heart after all.
"Come on, let’s do some work for our project."
John looks up at the older boy who had helped them and clings to Sherlock, pulling him to his feet. He stares at the kind, comforting look on his face and reaches his free hand to take the teenagers.
John smiles brightly."Yes! I love it here! "
The Fae's tail twitched and flicked as his speckled fingertips drew over the spines and sides of the scrolls and books settled before him, humming softly the fawn finally pulled out and mostly empty leather bound journal, he moved to find a graphite stick, rummaging through the baskets hanging on his walls.
John giggles At the knowing look Sherlock gives him, Sherlock beams after his brother, before looking to his friend and scoots closer.
She watched both the brothers' brows furrow as the thought, Fawnlock crossed his arms over his chest and pouted, the elder Fae chuckled.
"Ah, sorry to darken the mood, is there anything you'd like to talk about?"
The fawn took a deep sip and gave a soft bleat of contentment before he reached for a biscuit to nibble as he watched his brother prepare his cuppa and then listened to Moosecroft as he spoke. This time the fawn allowed himself a small smile, he looked to his brother with a warm gaze.
There was no denying the fawn anything he wanted, and Fawnlock probably already knew that without a doubt. Still, him asking was precious, and John nodded.
"Okay, I'm going to show you, hold my stick," Sherlock grins and hands John his stick before going to the pile of firewood and picking out a nice piece of driftwood. "Okay, watch." He carefully places the wood on top of the fire and watches the flames expectantly. Sherlock grins as the flames around the wood start to turn blue, green, and a few other colors.
After a few moments Fawnlock pulled back, "Now I can teach you proper nest construction." He chuckled softly.
"So John, I'm sure if we asked Mycroft he'd say it was alright, so do you want to come over for dinner?" Sherlock asks softly, scuffing his chuck on the pavement, they were strolling about out on the playground, at recess. His cheeks flushed slightly not only at the chilly wind, London was much colder than the beach.
"I'm starved." He giggles with realization. They've seen nearly the whole museum, it's about time for lunch. They saw what they came here to see and then some. They can always come back, John figures to himself.
"And now all your love is wasted,
Sherlock pouts for a moment before nodding, "Okay," a smile stole across his lips as he shifts off John's lap to sit next to him, settling in and picking up the booklet. He holds it out to Mycroft, showing him the page they're using.
Winter was well on its way, and the clouds were heavy with snow. It was chilly, but pleasant enough for the stroll to Mrs. Hudson's home. The woods were lovely, and Fawnlock had been keeping them wonderfully.
Fawnlock's ears flicked, and his tail swished from side to side, flicking slightly. His bright eyes filled with intrigue, "/Can you switch back? Or do you not know you're doing it?/" He asked softly.
"Bored.." He drawls.
"Boyfriends?" His heart skips a beat. "I think I'd like that, Greg." Mycroft licks his lips and leans forward, kissing Greg again, he likes his lips; smooth and full. He has a unique taste.
Mrs. Holmes sighs, but still pats her youngest's curls affectionately in light approval, "Yes, Lillian, thank you, Mycroft?"
Fawnlock's tail swished playfully as John rubbed soft circles under the fluffy yet stubby appendage, the fawn pressing closer, the rumble starting deep in his chest and vibrating into John's chest from where the Fae's was pressed flush, but not hard, into John's.
"Sorry, Johnn- John." Harry apologizes after a moment, looking to the side. "Make sure you're home by eight," Harry tells John and turns on her heel, walking away to look for the pretty brunette name Lisa she'd been talking to.
Harry's gaze narrows slightly, but takes in the sight of Sherlock and her brother, he'd made a friend, "Well," she sighs, "It's alright, I guess. You didn't get hurt, just tell me where you're going next time." She moves to ruffle John's hair teasingly, "Aren't you going to introduce me, Johnny?"
Fawnlock padded over to the door and opened it, dropping John's hands so his mate could lock up the cottage if he wished.
As he is reading the sonnet, skimming really, he's memorized all of Shakespeare already.  Greg's words, he looks up at him and meets his intense, but softening, worried eyes - he is nerve wracked.  It takes him a moment to realize what he's saying.
"Sherly! Who did this?" He cups Sherlock's chin and turns his head so that he can examine the bruise better. It is horrible, he's surprised that who ever or whatever hit him did not cut open his brow.
"Why does everyone keep suggesting we are fags?" John suddenly asks. "My mum calls dad's cigarettes fags... I don't really get it." He stares at Sherlock, innocent mind baffled by the insult that he doesn't know to be an insult. Hopefully, Sherlock can explain it.
As the kisses moved up his neck and jawline, he lazily pet the fawn's tangled curls, dragging his fingers through them with such reverence.
The younger boy turns back to John, asking him about one of the animals in the book.
The younger boy tilts his head slightly, "You could help me with an experiment." He smiles widely, sitting up, "Do you wanna?"
My my my, my my my, my-my my-my...
"How was school Sherly?" He asks surprised, watching Sherlock bound cheerfully down the steps. He looks at the short blond boy being dragged willingly behind him and smiles, "I should have known." Mycroft looks down at his brother and his friend, "Hello John, good to see you."
He didn't resist the gentle push of his head towards Fawnlock, letting the fae be the one to guide the kiss as he wanted, as he needed. Any bit of them getting as close as possible until they over lapped, whether it be tongues, lips or hands. Or legs. Oh yes, legs. John tangled his legs through the fawn's long, lean legs, slotting them even closer together. His hips moved of their own accord, matching Fawnlock's rutting with his own as he moaned into the kiss. Perspiration wet his brow and slid down his back, every muscle in his body tensing as he worked in tandem with the fawn to push them both over the edge into pure bliss.
John beamed with the praise he was given, he was no chef by any means, but the simple things he cook make were good enough for Fawnlock it seemed.
John laughs at that and shakes his head.
"Congratulations!" Mycroft spins in a circle, laughing excitedly with Sherlock in his arms. "I'm so proud of you Sherlock!" He presses a kiss to his brother's cheek. "What do you want to do when we get to the Summer Home then? We're leaving tonight instead!"
The man handed them over with a kiss to his mate's cheek, then went back to finish up their breakfast, buttering toast and dishing out the pan full of breakfast bits onto one plate so they could share.
John nods, watching the liquor drain into the sink.
The Fae tugged his scarf up over his chin, huffing quietly as he padded back to his oak. He cleared some snow from the leather flap with dark palms before ducking under. As he entered he shook his head to dispatch any flakes, leaves or burs that had tangled into his curls. He gave a soft bleat as he saw John, a small smile curving his lips. "Evening." He moved to the fire to warm his hands. "Have you been warm enough?" He asked softly.
"Wooow," John gasps as he looks up at the tree with sparkling eyes. He'd never seen such an amazing tree.
The fawn arched up into the kiss, a dark hand skimming over John's bare back to cup the back of his neck, speckled fingers brushing the human's sandy locks. The Fae's other hand moved to the human's hip, gripping gently. He bleated against the human's lips, nipping softly at John's bottom lip, ears flicking.
Sherlock grins, turning to spot his brother along with Mrs. Watson and Winston nearby, who he noticed had been allowing them to explore freely with the adults watching them at a distance. He drags John over, practically bouncing with excitement.
It was their eyes that sealed them together as brothers, John thought. They were different coloured true, with Fawnlock's lingering more towards an ethereal silver and Moosecroft's more of a sea foam green. But they were still the same eyes, with that piercing, intelligent and powerful gaze of their father.
As the fawn woke, John's touches became more active, now tracing the curves of his smile, or the wrinkles that formed when he scrunched his dark nose. The fawn looked so thrilled just to see John, and it made the blonde’s heart swell immeasurably as their noses pressed together in an affectionate rub. For some reason, the fae adored his nose, which was snubbish as best, not at the elegant slope of the fawn's own.
"I -I .. well I knocked over something and I need help picking it up."  He grabs her arm and pulls her toward him.  She actually let’s go of the bottle and stumbles after him.
Fawnlock shrugged slightly, "You can if you'd like, but this creek has sharp rocks in its bed, and the water's cleanest in the middle. I don't think you'd be very comfortable with soggy boots."  The fawn explained quietly, placing a hand on John's thigh.
"You have to go...don't you? And then you can come back and we can cuddle up beneath this cloak."
John distractedly pet Fawnlock's curls as he too caught scent of the heated soup, and gently dislodged himself from the tangle of the fawn's limbs to retrieve the thermos out of the coals by rolling it out with a spoon from his pack.
John glanced down at their hands pressed palm to palm, then wriggled his fingers up in between the fawn's, linking their hands together. His gaze flicked back up to Fawnlock's, staring into the pale eyes. "I have an older sibling, like you. We aren't very close. My mum died when I was very young. Da tried to step up and raise us, but her death broke his heart and he lost himself in the bottle. Our aunt took us in and raised us while Da drank himself to death. I'm not angry at him for it...I understand he had his reasons. Harry though... she's following the way of our Da. It's driving a wedge between us, but she's old enough that I can't make her decisions for her. She wasn't around at all when I came back. Didn't even come to our Aunt's funeral. So...I do have a herd I suppose. Its just very small and broken." He gave a small smile up at Fawnlock, shrugged his shoulders gently.
John slid one hand down around Fawnlock's waist, resting it at his hip and keeping his mate close. He could tell by the fae's body language that he was considerably more relaxed, so more than likely things had gone well.
"Thanks mummy," John gets up and brings Sherlock by the hand to his room, still half asleep.
"Go away Anderson." John glares at his old time bully. Been in the same class since pre school.
Sherlock flips through his journal to a blank page, making notes silently before scribbling a little sketch of the sprout on the page.
John giggles, linking his pinky with Sherlock's, gripping it tightly. He wears the most brilliant of smiles that he only Sherlock can coax out of him.
The fawn grinned as John wrote, rewarding his mate with a kiss on his stubbly cheek.
A soft rumble started low in the fae’s chest as he spoke, "We don't need a ceremony, it's not traditional or anything," he huffed softly, ears flicking, "There's my brother's blessing, it might've been more of a ceremony if more on my family was still in our realm.”
Mycroft makes a soft noise, slipping closer to Greg, placing a hand on his shoulder and grips the material of his letterman jacket. This kiss is slow and sweet, it causes a slight stir in his pants. Not yet enough to get him fully aroused, Greg certain has his attention.
My my my, my my my, my-my my-my...
The younger fae huffed softly, eyes lighting on the cottage, a fond warmness entered his gaze, replacing the slight coldness that'd settled in his gaze as he spoke of Mousey. The corner of the fawn's lips twitched up a bit and he squeezed John's fingers with his own speckled ones, his eyes flicked to Moosecroft.
Tugging up a cushion, he hauled it around and walloped Fawnlock across his back side.
An owl swooped down from the branches and landed on the Fae's outstretched arm, hooting softly. A smile curved the fawn's lips and he raised a hand to brush speckled fingers over the white crest of the owl's chest. John turned and watched as the owl fluttered down to perch upon the fae's arm.
When he wrapped his arms around John, the blond slid his hands up the fawn's back, feeling the soft jumper and rubbing the material beneath his fingers.
-----
John glanced up as he felt the hand curl around the back of his neck, flashing the fawn a smile before he returned to the body before him. His hands moved to Fawnlock's slim thighs, gently pushing them apart to give him better access.
The fawn was too playful for his own good, sending John round the bend at the drop of a pin, or rather, a nuzzle to his cheek. John took his hands out of Fawnlock's and reached for his waist instead, pulling him close and pushing his knee between those long legs to bring them flush against each other. Fawnlock bleated softly in surprise as John pulled them flush together, but soon a smirk grew on his lips when his mate spoke.
He murmured in his native tongue before translating for the human, "Perfect." He pressed a kiss under John's jaw before pulling him to lay in the nest.
As the fawn jutted forwards and nipped at his lip to slow his rain of kisses, John stilled and sank back into the leaves, tilting his eyes up to the ceiling of the hollowed tree and watching the smoke coil around the vent before escaping out into the cold air. He brought his arms up to rest over his head, curling to weakly clutch at nothing. He sniffed halfheartedly at the adorable comment; obvious he probably spoke it with a childlike lisp as his tongue got used to forming the words.
"I knew it...you're amazing.  So brave. You've earned scars tonight, Love. And everyone makes you more beautiful." He kissed the hollow of the fawn's throat, then worked his way back up to his lips. "But don't you dare leave again without waking me first. I want to know if something has gone wrong, so if you need my help I can be there for you." He moved in and kissed the fawn, hands stroking back up his sides, and finally burying themselves in his dark curls.
"It's still very good John," Fawnlock murmured softly, turning his head to rub his damp nose against John's stubbly cheek before turning back to his lunch, sipping at the soup and munching on the bread happily.
"Awesome!" He exclaims when it came into view, still listening to his best friend.
pretty much some short fluffy filler
"Come on skinny love just last the year,
"I'll gather then for you while you finish those up so you have free hands. But first..." He took one of the berries and put it between his lips, then leaned in again and kissed Fawnlock so the berry squished between their lips, coating them in juice. With a soft laugh, he licked up the mess he'd made on the fawn's mouth.
"Greg." Mycroft's face flushes brilliantly, heart threatening to pound out of his chest.  He turns his face away, but his eyes stay focused on Greg, he allows a tiny smile to spread across his face. It is all he can manage anyway.
"Wargs have been prowling around the clearing of your cottage, they're nasty, idiotic, nosey little buggers, obviously since they challenge my authority every chance they get." The fawn huffed softly, shaking his head slightly, "I couldn't let you get hurt, even before I chose you to be my mate." He smiled softly, dry leaves and snow crunching beneath his dark feet.
Mycroft smiles, glad he helped Sherlock get John that book.  'It's just... precious.' He's unaware he had quietly muttered this aloud, blushing at the look John's mother gives him.
The fawn froze momentarily, before wrapping his arms around the human. "It's okay, John." He murmured, nuzzling slightly into The top of John's head. His pale gaze was lowered as he pulled away, "Friends," he smiled softly before taking John's hand and leading him back to the sofa. He began to make himself a cup of tea, "Mrs. Hudson was surprised when I asked her to make me tea this morning, usually she makes me honey milk, she didn't think I'd like tea, but I do, especially the way you made it." He added a large dollop of honey and a spoonful of sugar to his tea, stirring it carefully. He took a sip and smiled once more, ears twitching before he snatched up a biscuit, munching on it happily with a pleased bleat.
A large grin spread over Sherlock's tiny Cupid's bow lips, "Oh, brilliant!" He takes the lead, moving around the exhibit ecstatically, "A live hive, oh this is fantastic! Look, John!" He pulls his friend beside him to look at the live bees working away, get as close as they possibly can.
"I can see that; John and Sherlock are in his room.  It is just through there and to the right."
Fawnlock bleated as the kiss ended, his white tuft of a tail swishing with excitement that overran his earlier embarrassment. He leant forward to rub their noses once more, "Yes. Spring, though my antlers will be gone, it'll make dancing easier, along with other things," there was a coy glint in his eyes for a moment before he went on, his ears twitching with his happiness. "It'll give me time to shed my ruff so I can wear my choker and for Moosecroft to fashion you your crest."
Sherlock buried his face in red palms, still huddled against the tub, his cheeks salty as his body shuddered, gasping for breath. He didn't want to hurt anymore, he didn't want to hurt John anymore.
"Probably should," he moved to the table, picking up the phone and dialing home.
John shifted beneath the fawn, smiling against his lips as he tried to greedily lean towards all the touches at once. The expressive ears wriggled against his hands, flicking up and down. As much as he loved nuzzling and holding the fawn, he didn't want him to get too distracted again. The gate would call to him soon, and he didn't want to work both of them up just t o have to part. He flicked his tongue out over the fae's bottom lip and then pulled back from the kiss, giving once last tussle to the curls before he pulled his hands out of the fae's hair and grasped his shoulders instead, sitting the both of them up. With a smile, he drew his thumb over the fawn's bottom lip. "It's close, yeah? I don't want you to be late, love."
"Fawnlock..." The rumbling of the fawn vibrated through him, making him arch up and thrust slowly into the hand that was working his quickly towards release. Fading in an out of awareness, he suddenly was snapped back into the present when the fae licked across the scar on his shoulder.
John smiles happily after his first bite and cheerily compliments Winston's cooking. The four of them chat quietly, John mostly to Sherlock about what they will do after lunch. Once they have all eaten, John jumps down from the chair and waits for Sherlock. Winston clearing away their bowls.
The fawn gave a soft bleat as he pulled John down into the nest with him. "Cuddles now," he hummed softly, arms loosening around his mate slightly, the fawn pressing his damp nose to John's pulse point like earlier in the night, eyes lids fluttering as he snuffled. He scented the soothing smell of his mate, cuddling closer.
"Sherlock..." he murmurers, pressing a loving kiss to the top of his curls.
John shook his head as he stood, eyes swimming with unshed sorrows and hurt as he turned and left the bathroom.
As they walked, John began pointing to trees, naming whichever ones he could and finding out those he didn't by way of Fawnlock's extensive knowledge of his home. He wanted to know their names in his mate's native tongue as well, and flicked his tongue between lips as he tried to say it for himself, no doubt horribly butchering the language, but attempting it none the less.
"It looks great." Mycroft compliments with a grin, getting up off the floor. "I'll be right back." He walks out of the room.
"What kind of plant do you think it is John?" He asks softly, looking at the sprout in his friend's hand.
He snaps the book shut, settling the tome on the edge of the nest, stretching out his back as he did. The fawn turned to face John, tail swishing, but a frown turned down the corners of his lips.
Fawnlock smiled widely as he finally stopped, nosing at John's jaw, "We can go on hikes, pick berries and apples and even go fishing, if you'd like." The Fae's body practically vibrated with the rumble in his chest and his excitement.
"I won’t be gone too long.. A few hours at most. Stay hydrated, drink the water...you lost quite a bit of blood last night." He cupped the fae's cheeks, rubbing his thumbs over the thin, velvety fur as he stared down at him with complete adoration. "I love you." Fawnlock pecked John on the lips as he pulled away a bit.
The fawn gave John a smile as he promised to replace the trees he cut down.
He glanced over the fawn's shoulder looking down at his mate as he thumbed through a book, which for some inexplicable reason made John even more hopeless fond. He pressed a kiss to the back of Fawnlock's head and leaned down to tuck his chin on top the fae's shoulder, reading along with him for a few paragraphs and he blinked the rest of the sleep from his eyes.
The tall boy gives a grin as the beekeeper answers his questions, squeezing John's fingers. He is almost vibrating out of his skin, something akin to the buzzing of the bees...
John closed his eyes as the fawn leaned into the hug and nuzzled him again. It was such a soothing, simple gesture, and yet, and comforting as it was, it was also thrilling. The buzz of new friendship and companionship shifted through him, right down to a tingle in his fingertips and toes. Finally they broke apart. and John let himself be lead to the sofa, slipping onto the cushions. Watching Fawnlock prepare his tea, he couldn't help but smile as the fae explained his new found love for tea thanks to John. He was glad to impart anything to such an exotic creature, even some as simple as they way he took his cuppa. John took his own biscuit and nibbled at it, watching the Fawn with a smile. "She said you have a sweet tooth. I had figured out as much. I'll have to hide my jam and sugar cubes the next time you come around."
"/I went into a bit of a sulk after that, but then Moosecroft left to discover the human world, and came back with a violin, a very old one mind you, but with some magic it was good as new. I loved it, adored my brother to no end after that. He'd gotten some beginners compositions, he knew I was clever enough to figure most of playing myself, with some assistance, I was playing like I had done so my whole life./" He grinned softly, but then it turned sad as he spoke once more, "It hurt me tremendously when after all the adoration I'd given him over this violin, he'd send me away a several years later.."
The ancient wood had once been an excluded piece of his father's territory, Moosecroft, his most irritating and oldest brother, had inherited it when their father had passed, and Moosecroft had decided Fawnlock was an unruly and wild Prince of the Fae, and needed some responsibility to calm him, like watching over boring idiotic creatures could entertain him. But yet he was fair and had a more detached fondness towards some of his charges, he wasn't an unbearably horrible Prince, he wasn't cruel, he just kept the wood in check (mostly) to ward of Moosecroft's surprise visits. Besides a quiet wood was great for his thinking.
He looked back to meet his brother's pale gaze with his own firm silvery one, "/Moosecroft, I.... I love John, he loves me, despite our many differences. We're very happy together, and wish to stay this way,/" The fawn's lips twitched up slightly as he thought of his mate.
And I told you to be kind,
John hummed happily, holding onto the fawn and being careful not to press to tightly to his front. The damp nose tickled, and he chuckled, tightening his fingers in the soft brown jumper draped over his mate's lean frame.
"I'm pretty sure we already have Mrs. Hudson's blessing. She was all sly smiled when I visited her today. There's no hiding it from you fae, not when I smell like you." He smiled and leaned back so he could see Fawnlock's face.
"/You can understand me!/" Fawnlock snuffled at his mate, pressing a kiss to his neck, enjoying the rough of John's stubble. "/Oh, this is brilliant,/" The fawn easily switched between the two languages, "our bond had strengthened this much already!" The Fae exclaimed excitedly, "Oh there's so many thing we can do, test your boundaries with this, oh, amazing, fantastic!"  The Fea was practically vibrating with excitement.
Sherlock chuckles softly, following his friend to the book case, a smile on his lips.
"I see." Another smile, hands shoved into the pockets of his house trousers, they are hanging lower on his hips than usual. Over the summer he had been slimming down and fretting over his diet, not wanting to be talked about behind his back for one more thing such as being overweight. His smile almost wavers at that thought but the smile on his brother's face saves it.
John closed the rest of the distance, bringing their noses pressing together. He rubbed his nose against Fawnlock's in a sort of nuzzle, echoing the smile with one of his own. "You found me. You leapt to protect me and you didn't even know my name." John slid his hands down and tugged lightly at Fawnlock's ears, rubbing the soft tufts between his fingers. "I think you deserve someone more than anyone. You are brave and selfless, and have given yourself to the well being of this wood. You're brilliant and wonderful."
"You're everything I've always wanted...I'll protect you in any way I can." John breathed against his mate's lips and then turned his head to nuzzle across a cheek, getting a bit of suds across the skin. When he pulled back, he chuckled and thumbed away the soap, looking at the fawn with such adoration. "There is no bond that will be stronger than ours."
"This is Sherlock Holmes, I hope you all welcome him with open arms. Take a seat, Mr. Holmes."
"This is
Fawnlock bleated softly, taking the journal back and smoothing its pages as he settled the book over his lap. He took back the graphite as well and his tongue stuck out as he scrawled across the page, then showed it to his mate, the rumbling sounding softly in his chest.
John lifted his hand from the blanket and took Fawnlock's, squeezing it gently and kissing his temple, just below his curls.
The house keeper then comes an tells Mycroft that dinner is at 4:30. When everything is taken care of, Mycroft retreats to his room to change into his house clothes. Black slacks and a gray t-shirt and a navy blue robe.
"Both are beautiful, and well worthy of being cared for." He glanced over at Fawnlock, watching as he looked out over his precious wood. It was something akin to an adoring parent watching their child. Every tree and creature in this forest was Fawnlock's child, and by extension, would be John's.
Soon they had the food ready, and the Fae happily helped John pack his pack, he even offered to have a pack himself to help carry thing when they got to the den.
Reaching out to help the fawn onto his feet, he first stepped over into the tub himself, then held Fawnlock's hands steady and he guided his mate into the bath afterwards. Sliding down into the water and leaning back against the porcelain edge, John coaxed the fawn to slip down in after him and lean back against John so they could soak together.
The Fawn's gaze went back to the human, noting the dark Wood surrounding them. His ears twitched as he thought then motioned towards where the human had come from earlier, "I can escort you of you'd like, it's getting colder out, the moon rises early on cold days." He didn't want to leave the huma- John, yet, and he could sense the human's hesitancy as well. John was by far the most interesting, not-dull thing to be found in the wood, other than himself, for many years. He exhales softly and gazes over to John, ears perked slightly.
Moosecroft watched the pair of them with mild interest, chewing politely on his confection. Finally, the older brother finished his biscuit and cleared his throat, drawing the attention back to him.
John was the one giving frustrated huffs now. "You two can stop dipping into Fae-speak, yeah? I feel like you're a pair of adults spelling things out so their kid won't understand. I'm grown, I can handle it." John scowled at the pair of them, and Moosecroft just chuckled, shaking his head.
"I don't use magic or glamour to weave John." He explained, brows furrowed in puzzlement, before he took the leaves and began a base weave. His tongue poked out between his lips as his brows now furrowed in concentration.
"Sherlock!" He calls for his baby brother, waving him over when he sees that familiar mop of curls as he sulks out of the private school doors. He too is in his dress uniform, a baby blue polo shirt, and khakis. Mycroft's lips form a hard line, trying to not show his displeasure. Another bad day at school for his younger brother. Sherlock flinches slightly as Mycroft calls his name, he sighs and trudges closer, letting his curls flop over his face to conceal the now purple bruise above his eyebrow.
The fawn snuffled softly into John's neck, scenting the heady smell of his mate. His speckled fingers brushed over the soft skin where John's thigh met his groin, murmuring softly in his native tongue. The Fae found a spot on his mate's neck that made John writhe in pleasure, pressing from kisses around the patch of skin before he lapped against it. Fawnlock sucked at John's neck, and nipped lightly till he'd made a mark, the fawn smirked slightly.
John laid back with a smile as Fawnlock continued to nuzzle at his shoulder. It was adorable really, and really touched John. Usually, people had shied away from his wounded shoulder, they were disgusted by it, or pitied him for its existence. But Fawnlock accepted it as part of John and had no problem pressing his cheek up against it, his nose, his mouth his fingers. It was little things like this that echoed his love for John, things like this that verified he'd just been waiting for Fawnlock all his life. Laying here with him felt more right than anything in his life. It felt perfect.
Soon they're at the museum and the youngest Holmes pretty much drags Mycroft and John across the car lot after they all hop out of the car and makes sure they're ready for such treatment.
It made him long for a squirming baby Fawnlock of his own to hold and have wriggle impatiently in his arms. Well, he did have that, didn't he? He looked up at Fawnlock with a wide smile, and kissed his cheek again. There were no words. Just so much love.
The little blond boy smiles at his reflection in the water. Suddenly there is another imagine beside his and he turns around. "Sherlock!" He greets enthusiastically.
John made himself comfortable, snuggling into the high collar of his jumper and wriggling his way into the leaves till he was half buried. With a lazy blink, he watched as Fawnlock rosined his bow, treating every bit of the instrument with the utmost care.
"I don't know Sherly, but it isn't good." He answers as he sits beside Sherlock, placing an arm around him. "We might have to watch her closely and be more patient with her. I know you're not very patient, but can you for mummy?"
"If you are agreeable, I could have one of the court healers come teach you the healing arts. I understand the magical aspects may be beyond your grasp, but having a more intimate knowledge of the herbs and fauna used in the processes will surely supplement your knowledge. It can only be a benefit when living with my brother."
He wasn't trying to be rude, or anything, the language was indeed complicated and many words required sounds that humans weren't usually required to use in succession or in the way Fae used them in human languages. The couple continued this activity, the fawn teaching his mate other words too ("/Owl,/ John." Said amongst slightly muffled chuckles).
The Fae's fingers in John's hair slackened slightly, his other hand sliding down his mate's body to settle on his chest, over his heart. His breathing slowed as his tail swished lazily, the fawn's chest vibrating with the too familiar purr-like rumble. Fawnlock snuggled closer to John, bleating softly as he started to drift to sleep.
"You'll have to get her to put the bottle down, though."
Though the fawn seemed rather amused by John, the blond didn't seem as excited about making such an awful racket compared to the fae. The hiking boots were large and clunky, made more for protecting feet than slipping quietly through the woods. He wasn't as svelte and fleet footed as the fawn clinging to his hand. As Fawnlock started humming, John made an effort to be quieter, so he could hear the tune.
He let out a soft bleat before he pulled away, not before dropping a line of kisses across John's shoulder though. The fawn made his way back to the last blanket, spreading it over the nest and crawling inside. The Fae checked over the soft bed, tail swishing contently, snuffling softly.
A beautiful innocence, despite his curious nature. It was something so very precious to John. Then John turned and actually watched his mate strengthen his protection spell, and promptly had his usual mini sneezing fit associated with it.
Sherlock nods tentatively, "And the Hobbit, always have.. I've read all the books." He gives John a smile, hugging Bilbo close.
John giggles as he pulls Sherlock along.  He loved it when Sherlock defended him, it just makes him swell with pride.
He continued to watch the fae, the tiny flickers that crosses his face or curved his lips. His own fingers were still tracing circles on a hip, working back towards the tuft of a flicking tail and then back. The other arm was trapped below Fawnlock, but he could slip his hand through curls and around ears.
The younger Fae gave a soft huff, "We agree on other things!" The young Fae met his brother's gaze, and the elder Fae chuckled softly, "Like what?"
After a moment or two, he settles the mouse back in the box. Careful not to knock the box over, he lunges at Mycroft, hugging him tightly.
When he finished speaking, John carefully rolled the fawn over onto his back in the soft layers of their nest, moved to straddle his hips and raise his long, lanky arms to either side of those flicking ears.
"Mycroft, could John spend the night? And we could have a bonfire and roast marshmallows like that one time?" Sherlock peers up at his brother with hopeful eyes, he was late to go meet John down by the pools but wanted to get Mycroft's answer beforehand so they could plan more.
He looks to John with a bright smile, squeezing his hand. Sherlock was so happy to have a friend, someone who likes some of the same stuff the little genius did.
Sherlock looks down at his lap, a light blush dusting his cheeks, "His name's John. He likes playing pirates with me, and he likes helping me collect samples." A small smile graces his lips as he says this, "And he's a great friend."
"Yeah! We can tell ghost stories and read Goosebumps and make a pillow fort after!" John cheers and clings to Sherlock. "This will be awesome! Come on, let's go collect more specimens for your research and then we can go tell Harry I'm staying over tonight." John takes his friend's hand and pulls him to his feet, pouting a the very slight difference in height.
His mum had taught him proper nest construction. It was true, females were the best natural nest makers, but his mother's passion had rubbed off on the young fawn, and ever since Fawnlock had always had the urge to build the most wonderful and cozy nests (though he kept it well hidden, especially from Moosecroft).
**EDIT**
John doesn't stop playing with Sherlock's hair, smiling back at his best friend. "Sure, anything."
John wakes up not too long after falling asleep, his nightmare about some monster or bullies whatever metaphor the dream made for him had tried to get him. Tears streak down his cheek and he pulls his torch out, flicking it on to make himself feel safer. He tries his best not to whimper and wake Sherlock. He didn't want Sherlock to think him to be a cry-baby.
"Do you think they will be alright Winston?"
Sherlock nods, "And I need to finish this maths review worksheet," he taps the worksheet with his pencil before he taps the eraser on his bottom lip. "I doubt final exams will be hard for me." He said, looking down at the paper and doing a few problems. "What do you have to do?" He asks, glancing up at his brother, pencil still on his paper.
The fawn flipped open the journal to a blank page and wrote John's name neatly and clearly in his graceful scrawl, he turned the book into his mate's hands and handed him the graphite stock, smiling brightly as his ears twitched. "Here."
The fawn let out a soft moan as John arched up, and his fingers pulled his scarf from his neck. Fawnlock's tail swished as he leant down into John's demanding lips, letting his mate's fingers guide him. He swept his tongue against the seam of John's lips, rocking his hips down against his human's.
He gently brought the younger closer, leaning closer to press his lips to Mycroft's, releasing a soft happy sigh.
The fawn moved his other hand from the sheets to skim over John's shoulders then gently settle on the back of his mate's head, fingers weaving tightly into the short sandy locks. The molten pleasure surging through Fawnlock pooled in the pit of his stomach, coiling tight inside. The Fae tried his best not writhe under the pleasure John was causing him, moaning softly and breathlessly, panting softly.
"I can wade too you know. A full body dip might be nice. The cold will surely wake me up really quick."
"I apologize, John though you were in deep ream sleep, I-I noticed before I..." John wanted to rub away the frown on his fawn’s lips, but let the other speak, listening curiously. Fawnlock paused for a moment, ears dropping slightly, "introduced myself, that you have nightmares, not in the past few nights but... It takes a toll on you, I've seen before when you first moved to this wood...." He pursed his lips for a moment before pressing a chaste kiss to his mate's lips. "I'm sorry for worrying you John." He murmured softly, hands moving to circle around John's back, pulling him close.
Sherlock takes the small mouse as he's offered, and moves to the mouse's box, carefully setting him back inside so John and he can put up the cage.
The fawn bleated softly as the human's thigh slotted between his legs, one of the fawn's hand when to John's unwounded shoulder, gripping lightly. His other hand moved to grip John's hip, the Fae felt as him he'd been set aflame, inside and out, but it was a good burn. A very good burn. The hand on John's shoulder moved into his hair, tugging lightly.
The fawn smiled and squeezed John's hands back. He gave a happy bleat, he loved the idea of spending more time with the human. A warm feeling settled in his chest at John's promise that he'd never be lonely again, his pale gaze settled on John's and he smiled at the human. Fawnlock gave another content bleat and leaned towards John slightly, resisting the urge to nuzzled his neck in appreciation.
Sherlock slams the door behind John, "Okay, here." He hands John the phone with a smile. He moves to his lab bench to examine his ongoing experiments, waiting for his friend.
Mycroft gets out of the car, looking at the three story apartment building that has several similar ones situated next to each other. This is nothing like his manor or the Watson's family's slightly more luxurious entire floor apartment. It's in a decent part of town, and Mycroft doubts his family lives in anything larger than a two bedroom, seeing as he is an only child.  Still, he smiles, able to appreciate the idea of a simple life, where he could have his mother and Sherlock all to himself; a bit broken but it is still his family.
Fawnlock bleated softly, "I do love my brother John, after a while, I accepted what he'd done and made the best of it. I'm resentful as well as thankful for what he did. It changed me into who I am. I just need proper time to be able to forgive." The Fae gave a soft huff, turning his head to nuzzle at John's cheek and jaw. "Thank you John, for everything, for your love. You've helped me so much, more than you know." He quirked a small smile, pressing a kiss to John's cheek.
so sorry, i pretty much forgot about this, but i'm currently having issues with retrieving the emails so :P sorry for the shortness
As John's hand swept up his antlers the fawn gave a soft gasp, arching his back slightly, toes flexing under the warm water. The Fae leant into John even more so, if he'd known John would have treated him like this in the bath, the fawn would've demanded to be cleaned the night before. It felt lovely, his mate's fingers buried in his raven curls and skimming his curved antlers. His expressive ears flicking against John's sudsy palms as he practically massaged Fawnlock's scalp, and a shiver tripped up the Fae's spine as he gave another bleat.
"I think it’s a flower, not like a vegetable or of anything. What about you?"  John squeezes Sherlock's hand back, this is something they tend to do for unknown reasons.
John poured a cup full into the tub, then swirled the water around, releasing the smell into the air. Once they had dissolved, John stood up and hooked his fingers into the waistband of his pants, pulling them down and tossing them towards the laundry hamper in the corner of the bathroom. The Fae nodded and his eyes flicked open to watch John rise. The fawn watched appreciatively as the human slipped off his pants, his tail swishing happily behind him.
"Thank you, My." Sherlock chuckles and scrubs his face with the washcloth, being careful with his bruise, wringing it out afterward in the sink and hanging it to dry. He looks in the mirror at his brother, then himself with a small smile as he fixes his hair so it's not going to stick to his drying face.
"Come on then...I can hear the creek bubbling in the distance."
John's gaze had been focused on the water, wondering if fishing was a better idea than exploring the thicket. The water was so full of flashing scales, and a nice trout would be absolutely lovely. The first crack of twigs and snarl may have failed to alert him, but the second, louder growl certainly caught his attention. John snapped alert , rubbing a smear of jam from the corner of his mouth and climbing to his boots. His thoughts instantly went to the Browning he'd foolishly left in the cottage, having never encountered anything more menacing than a bear cub and seeing no reason to bring it with him. Now he was regretting that decision as the large wolfish creature appeared in the brush on the opposite bank, snarling and baring fangs that gleamed like knives.
The fawn smiled softly, the jumper fit nicely, and it didn't feel confining like the other clothes he'd worn before, and as John had said, it was very warm and toasty. The fawn gave a soft bleat leaning forward to rub noses with his mate, the rumbling sounding deep in his chest.
John looks at Sherlock before answering.
"He sounds lovely," Mrs. Holmes smiles and looks to Mycroft. "What do you think of John, Myky?"
Sherlock shrugs, "I prefer the older Doctors, like Four, but eleven is pretty cool." He grins as he follows John, shoving his bumblebee, Bilbo, under some blankets.
"Will you tell me about it Sherly?" He asks in the most loving and comforting way he can manage. The poor kid had been unable to find a friend or acquaintance since he started going to this school. That was three years ago.
Sherlock dropped to the cold tile, knees to chest, he could only fly so hight before crashing.
"Here you are. I could feel your nose twitching away, so it must be lunch time."
Fawnlock barely slept, he didn't need to, but when he did, he curled up in his hollowed oak which was rather large and a vet cozy den. After he attended to his rounds and other guardian business, the fawn curled up in his bed of old quilts, soft grass, and leaves. (And maybe a few old tomes were buried in the beds as well) he stared up to the high ceiling, thinking about his day and the human, John, who he was rather fond of already. Fawnlock really liked John, he was kind, and had warm hands, and a smile that warmed the fawn inside out.
Fawnlock blinked the sleep form his eyes a bit before he raised a dark hand to cradle his mate's cheek and stroke a thumb over his skin.
"Show me more of your technique," John hummed, shuddering as the breath skimmed over his neck, hot and wet.
Sherlock allows himself to be pulled to the T-Rex skeleton, "I admit it's impressive.." He frowns slightly, "But they were extremely flawed creatures, huge heads, tiny arms, small brains..."
Sherlock groggily rubs his eyes, "Ah, good evening, Mrs. Watson." He yawns softly, before leaning his head back on John's shoulder.
After a bit John was getting better, pronouncing the words with more ease than before, "Maybe if you get good enough at pronunciation, I'll teach you how to say my proper Fae name." He murmured softly, nuzzling at John's hair as they entered the clearing to Mrs. Hudson's cottage.
"That sounds lovely. A nice morning walk with you." He stood up and pulled on his jacket, then walked over to the fawn, sliding his hand into the fawn's and squeezing it gently.
He could feel the stress and worry melt out of both of them now that they were cuddling in the nest together, nosing at each other in silent affirmation that they loved each other. He hummed with the kiss, arching up a bit to bare more of his neck to Fawnlock, complete submission and trust in the gesture. He listened to the fae speak, eyes fluttering closed as those sweet words washed over him accompanied with the rumble, pushed him towards absolute bliss.
After a minute or two, he turned the violin the right side up and blew gently into the hollow, flushing out any remaining spiders before he moved to find his bow.
"Oh, you must be Mycroft." Mrs. Watson greets when she opens the door, smiling at Sherlock's older brother. "I'm John's mother, you have a lovely younger brother.
The fawn gave a nod, "Yes, John, I though you understood.. Fae, when we find who we want to be our mate, they start a courtship... And.." Fawnlock blushed, only slightly visible through his fur, "Courtship starts with the giving of a special gift... you gave me this scarf.." The fawn's fingers stroked the knitted yarn, "if the perspective mate recuperates the feelings, they can do many things to show that they do... I chose to let you into my den.... Then the pair shares nuzzles, and touches...." The fawn explained softly, "I thought that courtship was the same with humans... I thought, because you recuperated the nuzzles and gave me a kiss, which as you defined as a gesture shared between human lovers, which is somewhat like mates, that you did want to start courtship." Fawnlock glanced down at the floor, ears dropping slightly.
"Tell me all about what happened love. How bravely you fought and protected our home."
"Ah sure, you pick this time. " John snuggles up to Sherlock as they had been before. After handing him the remote and stares at the tv.
Mycroft looks over Sherlock's work and nods, then smiles down at Sherlock, "Perfect, yet again Sherlock." He smiles and hugs the small boy, pressing a kiss to the top of his head. "You will certainly be moved up at least two levels. For your sake, I hope its two or three. You will excel at the more difficult courses if you are already doing calculus!" Mycroft cuddles Sherlock and ruffles his curls to bother him slightly, "You're going to do so well in the world Sherly!"
He gave up on being passive and let his hands roam as well, curving over the fawn's backside and grasping his bum, kneading into the muscle. As Fawnlock's mouth slid over his collar bone, John shuddered and pulled the fawn closer against him. Humming low in his throat, he rubbed his cheek against the velvety ear flicking beside his face, reveling in every touch of lips to his bare skin. He had no problem letting the fawn learn his body, and he wanted to do the same himself, to touch every inch of skin and catalog what made Fawnlock blush the most, what made him desperate for more and kick into that rumbling purr that drove John crazy with need.
With their meal finished, John collected the plates and brought them into the kitchen for washing. He grabbed a bowl and filled it with warm water and then brought some clean flannels and new bandages back into the living room. Setting them on the table, he knelt back down beside Fawnlock, being mindful of his leg, though he noticed it didn't feel nearly as painful as it normally did. The fawn was sufficiently distracting him from the ache. The fawn was actually distracting him from everything. John hadn't felt the lonely pang of depression, or the smothering dread that usually crept in at night. None of that was here now, it was just him and Fawnlock. "Let me clean and redress your wound before you leave...I don't want it to get infected." He gently reached for the fawn's injured arm, taking it gently by the hand and bringing it to rest in his lap. He stroked the wrist with a brief, soothing motion, then began unwrapping the bandages until the wound was bared. It had stopped bleeding of course, and the ointment had already started helping him heal nicely. "Does it still hurt?" He asked softly, reaching for the damp flannel and carefully cleaning up the bite mark. It was there because of him, because Fawnlock had protected him. That made him both angry at himself, and immensely grateful to the fawn. Indebted.
The birth of Mystrade.
"True..." John mummers in agreement, moving to the next couple displays in the room and head toward the exit to move on. He sees that it is the exhibit that he wanted to see the most. "Hurry up Sherlock!"  John demands as they head toward the last exhibit, the African animals exhibit.
Sherlock frowns slightly as he looks at his brother, "John is not precious, Mycroft."  he narrows his eyes slightly before going back to his tea.
"It's not your fault. Harry-Harry's just mean!" John lets his hands fall, revealing his reddened eyes, a couple final tears still slipping out, "Thanks, Sherlock." He says sincerely, sniffling.
"/Let's go meet your John then. Let me see what could be worth throwing away your crown./" He moved past his brother, ears flicking as he walked to the mouth of the den, glancing back over his shoulder.
"John says his mum gets out of work around ten, you can come pick me up after." Explains Sherlock, leaning into John slightly. A small smile quirks his lips, "How's that?"
There were two great raptors waiting at the portal's entrance, staring at Fawnlock with dark, predatory eyes before stretching out impressive black wings and raising into the night sky. They listed in a lazy circle to make sure he was following, a forced escort.
Mycroft shakes his head slightly at the way the two boys behave with each other. If their conversation from earlier that he overheard. Those two will end up married. He just hopes John has the decency to ask for his brother's hand.
He closed the space between them and pressed a kiss to the fawn's mouth, fingers stroking down the soft fur of his cheeks. Lips lingering, it took a while before he leaned back, tongue darting between his lips. "When would you like the ceremony? Spring? When all the flowers will be blooming bright, and the gates will be open and the weather warm? It will give me time to get you a ring...to get word to Harry..."
"Yeah, see you Mycroft! Don't be late to your next lesson, kay?" He smiles before moving back down the hall, making his way to his next lesson.
"Good bye."
"Yes, I learned that last year when reading a biology textbook. Scary things they are. If they were larger, I would probably have a fit or something." John giggles and watches the spider crawls over Sherlock's fingers frantically. "I think it's more scared of the big hand monster that's got a hold of it." meaning Sherlock.
Fawnlock saw no other option, it was his duty to protect, and this human was obviously in need. The smell of the human's fear seeped through the air, swirling to Fawnlock causing him to bare his teeth in a feral fashion. The Fawn sprang up from the thicket. He skidded in front of the human, lowering his head slightly a the warg, the sharp tips of his antlers slicing the air as her bared his teeth, the warg growled and took a step back as the fawn looked as if ready to charge. His warning still rang clear, run now and be punished later, or face possible naming if not death.
When he found the dark blue knitted material, he pressed to his nose, snuffling softly before he turned back to John and offered the scarf to him so he could tie it around his neck.
"What's wrong with Mummy, My?" He asks.
John came hurrying back into the sitting room with such urgency that he stumbled into the coffee table, nearly sending his armful of blankets scattering.
John smiles and finishes up his lunch, Sherlock reading his book and eating two bites of his sandwich. They spend the rest of the day scribbling notes and avoiding Anderson and the girl who follows him around.
He flicks up his eye patch, "It isn't nice to embarrass your younger brother, though." He points out quietly, raising a brow at the older girl, "That's what Winston tells my brother."
Fawnlock's fingers curled into the fabric of John's shirt, the rumble quieting slightly as he sensed his mate falling into sleep. He cuddled up and laid his head comfortably on John's good shoulder, eyelids fluttering, he wouldn't usually be tired, but the fawn was exhausted after facing his brother after so long, along with his almost turmoil about his true self and mate.
"I vote marshmallows." Mycroft says lightly. He loved his sweets.
"/I'm not a child, and I'm not that bad,/" he muttered in his native tongue with a huff, pouting slightly.
The fawn arched up into John, gaze locked with the human's. He bleated softly as he pressed his lips to the human's once more, eyes fluttering partly closed. He nipped at John's lips and swiped his tongue into the other's mouth, he barely experienced in kissing, yet he did what he felt was right, exploring the other's mouth.
This was a life John was becoming a part of, whether either of them really acknowledged it, or acted like. They were just John and Fawnlock, even if they were so much more than that.  John didn't feel like a Prince, even in these robes. He still felt like John. His flush darkened, and he slid his hands through the opening in the robe and moved forwards, pressing his face to the fawn's ruff to hide the rosy color of his cheeks.
The fawn looked down at his feet for a moment, fingers going to tangle in the fringe of his scarf, the one John gave him.
The next morning the fawn woke, washed in the stream and ate a small breakfast of berries, mint leaves, and fresh water. He read for an hour or so before padding off into the wood to do his morning rounds. He huffed slightly at the though of having to wait all morning to see his human again.
John shifted up and moved closer to Fawnlock, reaching out and gathering him close so he was resting back against John's chest. He rested his head on his mate's shoulder to avoid the tall antlers, and kissed the curve of his shoulder, holding him gently and radiating love through their bond.
The younger Fae huffed softly at his brother before he put his face into a calm expression and straightened his stature.
"Come here, lovely," he hummed, reaching down and wriggled them together till Fawnlock was higher and John could seize the hem of his jumper and tug it up to Fawnlock's neck, then carefully work it up over his antlers.
John bandaged the sealed gashes on Fawnlock's chest, taking note of what medical supplies he needed to replenish on his next ride into town. Just as he was making a mental checklist, he felt the fawn take up his hand, bringing it to his mouth and kissing it ever so softly. He smiled gently, bringing his other hand up to cup the fae's cheek.
The fawn huffed softly, "/I don't get hurt that often, brother./" He grumbled, though it was true the fawn was often careless, and got into tight places and situations that caused the young Fae to acquire many bruises and scrapes over the years.
"Oh! That sounds awesome, we should get out at dusk so we can look for Venus." John exclaims, fingers laced with his best friend's as they swing them while walking to the high school. He is excited about their sleepover. They now occur every single week, it is still amazing that the two were reunited and now they are never apart if it can be helped.
John steps aside and pulls Sherlock up so he can look through. "It's amazing!" John leans against Sherlock as he looks through the telescope.
"Perfect!" Sherlock exclaims, huddling to lean over the box with John, smiling at the small creature.
"/How about Mousey Hopper? Though she's not a healer per se, she's more than familiar with the healing arts, Moosecroft./" He offered.
John giggles at Sherlock's response, ruffling his hair.
John brightened at the prospect. Exploring with Fawnlock not only meant that he'd have a wonderful , no, the ultimate guide to the forest. But then he'd get to spend more time with the fawn himself. "I'd like that a lot." He said quickly, taking both of the fawn's hands up in his and squeezing gently. As Fawnlock promised to never let anything hurt John, he felt a sad tug in his chest. He couldn't promise the same thing, he had broken that promise on their first meeting. At least he could spend everyday making it up to the fawn. "You'll never be lonely again." He promised, tugging on Fawnlock's hands till his pale gaze dropped back down and he could see the determination in John's eyes.
And in the morning I'll be with you,
John's confusion only racked up a few notches as Fawnlock moved to hug him, though obviously nothing was horribly wrong if the fawn was embracing him rather tightly, vibrating at the seams with excitement. As his mate asked his question, to which John nodded in response, then seemed pleased all over again and informed John that he wasn't speaking English, John blinked, trying to concentrate on the words the fae was saying. It sounded like English to John, granted it was English with a thick accent, a little posh and a little proper and crisp, like a foreigner who wasn't quite used to speaking in the language. It was very distracting with Fawnlock rubbing at his stubble though, the rougher skin adding a bit more friction that hand John humming pleasantly.
It seemed they had pretty much been doing things correctly more or less, even though John had fairly fumbled through the beginning of their courtship. Smoothing the blanket flat, John looked back up to his mate as he grew restless, fidgeting.
The owl was kind enough to keep a slow pace, allowing John to navigate through the brush after it, cautious of where he stepped as he all the wound his way to the cottage. Remembering Fawnlock's words about her being a kind older Fae who had lived among humans before, John took the time to gather wildflowers for her in a bouquet. When he finally arrived, he glanced up, noticing all the owls gathered around the cottage, in the trees and huddled on the roof. John stared at them, eyes darting back and forth at the various species until finally he thought he'd counted them all. Finally, working up the nerve, he reached out and knocked on the door to the cabin, putting on a polite smile. He really had no idea what to expect, other than if she was a friend of Fawnlock's, she'd be wonderful.
hey, guys... WE'RE BACK... kinda lol \('.')/ with a bang my dudes
Sherlock nods, "Maybe," he gives his brother a small smile and gets up, digging through his pack for his book. After finding it he curls up on his bed around the book, before plunging into the text to forget his own problems as he works out the story's plot within the first chapter.
Fawnlock let his energy drift close to John and his being pressed a kiss to John forehead before it disappeared and the Fae was back to himself, snuggled into their nest in John's cottage. The fawn sat up, wincing slightly and picked up his tea, sipping quietly, ears flicking and tail swishing. He grabbed a biscuit and munched before giving a soft bleat at the sweet taste. Fawnlock snuggled back into the nest and curled around his book, going back to reading. His ears perked and twitched, searching for tell-tail sounds of his mate returning.
Fawnlock nodded happily and leant forward to press a kiss to John's nose. He pulled away with a bright grin as he rolled away from his mate and jumped up, padding to the shallow book shelves.
"Please, " he takes Sherlock by the hand and they return to the kitchen where he gets the takeaway menus and the phone.
"You are far too sweet with your words. Everyone likes you, you're captain of the Rugby team, endlessly charming and everyone's friend.  I'm far too... crass for some people... I've watched you too for a while now, I never expected that you... could like ME as well."  Mycroft turns his face back to Greg, embarrassed. "I've never been with anyone, let alone been interested in anyone before." He confesses.
The fawn nodded eagerly, a smile tipping up the corners of his lips as he carefully tipped the instrument upside down and whole it gently, tapping the back of the body with speckled fingertips to deter any arachnids from staying put.
Mycroft smiles and laughs, putting a hand over Greg's.
Fawnlock watched his mate stroke himself as he pleasures the fawn, he whimpered softly, he decide in his lust hazed mind that as soon as he was done, he'd make his mate feel just as good. The fawn eyed John's hard length through the fabric of his pants, he keened.
"Hey now...there's nothing to be embarrassed about. I want to know everything about you. That's how couples work. How mates work. I like the idea of everyone knowing you're mine, and them knowing I'm yours in return. Now that I know, I've leave the cleaning for later. It's something you like and you want." John pulled his mate in closer by the hip and slid his nose up Fawnlock's cheek.
The fae was devastatingly gorgeous now, and adorable beyond human comprehension. Imagining him as a child would surely be the death of John. He turned his head and kissed his mate's cheek, sighing softly with contentment.
"Yea, he holds Sherlock's hand as they walk out, meeting Mycroft who smiles at them.
"I have to go soon. The midnight hour is near, but I'll be back soon, John. As soon as I can." The young Fae snuffled softly against his mate's jaw, his damp nose sliding against John's warm, soft skin. "The closer it gets to winter, the less time the gate is open each night before it eventually freezes closed completely on winter's eve."
Sherlock chuckles softly before smirking and dragging John farther ahead of his brother.
John was flushed and sweaty, and chasing a bit of breath he couldn't quite get a hold on. He felt as if he was floating above his body rather than being part of it, but the slow drag of Fawnlock's hand and the presses of his lips slowly brought the blond back into himself. Closing his eyes and swallowing thickly, he basked in the feeling of absolutely bliss, soaking through his skin like he was laying beneath a summer sun and warming head to toe in the grass.
John stroked up the length of the fawn's back, then back down to curl over his tail, playing with the soft fur. He closed his eyes and listened to Fawnlock's story, brow furrowing in mild agitation as he spoke of the fight between the fae and the beast. John wished more than ever that he could have accompanied his mate and protected him like he'd promised. But he respected Fawnlock's need to perform his task alone.
Sherlock turns and nods to the butler, moving to help Mycroft disassemble the telescope. When they're done, Sherlock takes John's hand and tugs him back into the house, dragging him into the dining room with a bright smile.
The fawn nosed at John's throat, a soft growl of irritation escaping his lips, "But it's not his approval so much that bothers me, that doesn't really matter to me, it's more of the fact that I detest his company, and I don't like him encroaching on my territory." Fawnlock's tail flicked in irritation, "I don't want him scrutinizing you either, the fat git has failed for years to secure a mate yet I just know he'll turn his nose up at you, it's in his nature. It upsets me, because you're beautiful and perfect, everything I'll ever want or need." He huffed, pressing a soft kiss to John's neck.
"What is the hurry, I wonder?" He finally says in regards to the honking of horns to get out of the parking lot. People driving recklessly. Mycroft wonders if he'll ever get his license.
Mycroft rests his cheek on top of Sherlock's head as he checks his brother's work. Perfect as usual. So brilliant.
"Winston's chowder is really good, I don't usually eat much food, but Winston's the best cook!" John laughs, clutching Sherlock's hand back. They were definitely going to have tons of fun together.
Once his love was settled, the fawn brought both his hands down to John's pants, fingers hooking in the waistband and pulling the fabric down John's thighs and calves, over his feet, there they lay discarded as Fawnlock climbs back up John's body.
Sherlock swings John's hand as they walk down the path to the high school building, Mycroft had a meeting and told Sherlock that the pair should meet him by the high school's library. It was Friday, they were going to have a sleepover.
John's other arm wrapped around Fawnlock's waist, holding him steady and letting him buck forwards against John's hand, rutting against his palm. Turning his head slightly, he pressed kisses to the fae's temple, assuring him.
"We'll work it out. I think I can get one on you if I cut out the collar." He spoke in a somewhat distracted tone, watching Fawnlock root and snuffle around against his belly.
John tries to smile at Sherlock. He didn't want to lose Sherlock as a friend if he knew about Harry. He just wanted one friend who liked him for him. At least it will be a new school year and Harry will be in secondary school. So any new people won't even know of the relation. Maybe he can befriend one of those kids.
"I love you. Everything will be alright." He said softly. Because that's all that really mattered.
"I can't wait!" John laces their fingers, innocently unaware of its significance, smiling with Sherlock. Mycroft watches them silent, pretending to be preoccupied with his organizer. They were so wrapped up in each other that he wonders if they realize how much they are the one percent of friends to be so close. So... unconditionally friendly and loving.
Sherlock hugs John tightly, smiling softly, "John!" When he pulls away, taking John's hand in his, fingers laced tightly upon habit.
"I'll be here waiting, love." He reached up and adjusted the scarf around his mate's neck, then touched their noses together for a brief moment. "Come on then. The sooner you leave, the sooner I'll have you back." He helped Fawnlock to his feet, then walked him to the door of the cottage.
"You're bloody brilliant. Look at you...keeping our home safe...keeping me safe. That's what you're doing, yeah?" He looped his arm around his mate's slim waist and stepped over the toadstools, walking down the forest path with only the light of the moon hanging overhead lighting their way.
Fawnlock's ears twitched slightly as his nose scrunched, "Moosecroft lives in his own wood, it's much larger than mine," he bows his head slightly and sips at his tea, "He does look like me, but his antlers are bigger, much like a moose's. He has dark ginger hair, not raven black like me, and his patterning isn't as complex as mine, he has freckles, a lot of then. He often uses his glamour to make himself look human, so he has more connections than I do in the human world." The fawn huffed slightly as he took another biscuit, "I can do the same I just don't bend in with humans as well as he does. He's rather dull, in my opinion..." He shruged slightly with sigh and nibbled on his biscuit. His ears flicked, "The birds are his spies, so careful, but there are very few in the wood." The fawn sipped more tea.
Sherlock peers out of the kitchen and watches as the pair gets farther away from the table and the bottle of liquor. He purses his lips and darts out of the kitchen, grabbing the bottle and skidding back past Harry, taking John's hand. He drags John into the bathroom he'd noticed before, turning to lock the door after slamming it closed. He can hear Harry swearing and cursing on the other side.
The rugby player's eyes widen slightly, he'd know Mycroft came from a family with money, but a butler. Greg's cheeks flush slightly as he realizes he's been quiet for several minutes,  "W-wow, you must really love your brother, he seems like a real handful." The teen offered a chuckle to cover for his prolonged silence.
Sherlock looks up at his brother with a slightly narrowed gaze, pursing his lips, "Don't call me Sherly!" He gives his brother a look, a slight blush dusting his cheeks, Mycroft chuckles at Sherlock's out burst and waits for Sherlock to ask John over. The taller child turns to John, "Would you like to come up for lunch?" He asks, standing and brushing sand off his bum, before shouldering the strap to his bag.
"I slept well. I dreamed of you.  It was spring. You had a crown of flowers and new antlers stubbing up from your curls. It was lovely." He murmured, watching as his mate stretched and put his lean body on display, the hem of the jumper rucking up his softly furred stomach.
"The Fae don't have ways of taking pictures like humans do, but we have talented artist, this is an album from my childhood and before Moosecroft sent me here." He murmured softly, ears flicking.
On their way to the door, the fawn padded into the kitchen to nuzzle at the feathers at the top of Mrs. Hudson's head, squeezing her shoulder lightly in farewell.
Sherlock watches Sirius settle, standing beside John. He nods as his friend speaks, moving to latch the cage.
Fawnlock huffed softly and padded to move beside his brother, gaze flicking over him, the bull was still just a tad taller than the fawn, which made the fawn pout slightly.
After a few minutes, they entered a darker part of the wood, the fawn's demeanor changed and his ears dropped slightly. He padded up to a tree and placed a palm on the rough bark of the tree. He sighed softly dropping the human's hand to place his other hand in the tree's trunk. His tail flicked and he bowed his head. John watched Fawnlock as he gingerly touched the old, gnarled tree before them. He moved forwards and did the same, reaching up to touch the bark, feeling hoe brittle it was. The tree had died, and was rotting away. Definitely suitable for firewood.
"We all make mistakes...let our emotions get the better of us sometimes. But that just is obvious proof that we have hearts. And they can hurt." He pressed the faintest of kisses to Fawnlock's lips, letting it linger between them until John lazily pulled back.
John turned back to his agitated mate, and found himself quickly absconded and tugged to the sofa, which he gladly sat down upon, opening his arms to accept the stroppy fawn.
John promised himself he would learn the language, so Fawnlock would never have to repeat himself again. If he was to be with the fae, it was only right for him to do. When the kiss broke, he shifted his legs apart a bit so Fawnlock slid down between them, so he wasn't so high and John could properly reach his face to cover it in nuzzles and kisses.
Mousey had visited his wood often when his brother had first sent him to the wood, though she'd stopped when he'd snapped at her rather rudely when she'd distracted him from an experiment and had thus ruined it. Mrs. Hudson had made him visit her in his brother's realm and apologize, though she hadn't visited since.
They have no time to chat anyway as Greg has them dodging cars and trucks pulling out of the lot, rounding the buses, guiding Mycroft along with him until they reach his slightly beat up Impala. The rugby player nervously fiddles with his keys, finally unlocking Mycroft's door and then his own.
John leaned down till their noses were just barely touching, their breath mingling with every word he spoke.
"/Very strong. We'll be stronger than anyone./" John leaned up and peppered Fawnlock's face with kisses, his fingers dipping down to card through the soft fluff of the fawn's tail.
He waited till Fawnlock had rode out his orgasm, licking him clean and handling the oversensitive flesh gently as he rose up off of the fawn, wiping the edge of his mouth with the back of his hand. John climbed up till he was lying beside the fae, reaching over to gather him up into strong arms and hold him against John's chest.
And I told you to be fine,
"You're more than welcome, love. It's my duty to keep you happy and healthy. You'd do the same."
Fawnlock arched into John's touches, smiling as his mate did the same. He nipped a bit harder at his mate's flesh, ears flicking as he trailed his lips up the human's throat once more. He kissed under John's jaw, then let his lips trail back down, damp nose nuzzling the hollow at the base of John's throat.
Fawnlock cuddled close, arms around John's middle, head tilted away from his mate so he didn't poke at John with his antlers. Fawnlock smiled a bit, humming softly, soon his nose was twitching at the scent of the soup heating in the coals of the fire.
Fawnlock's ears flickered towards the noise, his tail swishing twice in slight irritation, his gaze flitted to John, a question in his gaze he was sure his mate could read without trouble.
Sherlock hums softly at John playing with his curls, ever since mummy got sick almost no one played with his hair. Truth be told, the little genius loved it, it made him feel safe and cared for.
Fawnlock's tail swished side to side as he though, his eyes brightened slightly as he remembered a certain Fae he'd have not quarrels over visiting his mate and his wood.
"Friends, boyfriends, whatever you want us to be..." He looks up to Mycroft with a shy smile and flushed cheeks.
"Bye..." John watches his best friend leave and then clings to his mother who picks him up and carts him to his room, tucking him into bed the way that she used to before her working hours turned into a nightmare.
John chuckled at the demand, more than glad to fulfill it as his mate wanted. He had barely stretched out beside the fawn before he was rolled on top of, arms tangling around him and the cold, wet nose pressing insistently against his throat. His own arms slid carefully around Fawnlock, hands resting on his lower back, rubbing the base of his spine with soothing circles. He was mindful of the bandage, but leaned forwards to nuzzle into the fawn's hair, lips grazing over the curve of a furred ear. Fawnlock arched up slightly into John's hands on his back, his ear flicked as his mate's lips skimmed its edge. He nuzzled into John's neck, damp nose sliding up his throat as he hummed softly,
"I think I'm hungry now."  John laughs, halfhearted but still a laugh.
"I don't want to talk to them Mycroft, they wouldn't listen anyway, I'm pretty sure all they hear anyway is that'd it be a fantastic idea to hit that annoying kid because I'm insecure or other issues they may have." He pouts at the window, before turning back to face his brother.  "And I don't need friends, how would friends help me? The teachers are all daft idiots... I don't need anybody's pity either. I'm fine this way, I don't care what they think, it doesn't matter." Sherlock sighs and lets his head loll against the window
"Who will love you?
Fawnlock pressed a line of kisses across John's injured shoulder, murmuring softly in his native language, whispering a soft blessing into John's skin through the jumper.
The fawn huffed softly, mostly over his annoyance towards the elder Fae, and sat up to fix his own cup, pouring the tea, adding a bit if sugar and drizzling honey into the cup, the stirring it all up and taking a sip.
John admired how the jumper looked on the fawn, matching his darker bits on his feet and hands, and the rich dark curls a top his head. The knit wool was soft to the touch, and came down to the tops of the fawn's thighs, rucked up a bit over the little poof of a tail above his bum. It'd been too long on John's arms, but it was just the right length on Fawnlock's.
The Fawn's ears twitched slightly as his lips curved in amusement, he watched the human's cheeks turn even redder, "It's alright, John, I was just wondering about human customs, mostly." His head tilted slightly, "And you did mean to stare, which is perfectly fine, I've stared at you on purpose, and you can do the same." He twirled the metal utensil in his fingers, thinking as John ate for distraction. As the human spoke Fawnlock frowned slightly, "John, I've never met anyone as intriguing as you, you look ordinary, but, you're not ordinary at all." His ears dropped slightly, looking down to his plate briefly to hide a blush, "Even if it's easy to read somethings, it's not so easy for others, its surprising, and it's frustrating, but I like it." His gaze met John's briefly, "So you're not an idiot, because you could say I'm a bit awestruck myself." The fawn's eyes dropped once more to his plate as he began to eat again.
Fawnlock pulled away slightly to meet John's gaze with his own, he bit his lip and thought for a few moments. The fawn nodded slightly, "If you wanted to yes, I wouldn't want you to be uncomfortable, John, just you nuzzling my neck and I yours is enough."
"Alright, Winston and I will be around with the car at quarter after ten.  Please be careful. I love you Sherlock.”
Greg looks up in time to catch Mycroft's gaze, and he smiles softly. The rugby player pushes back from his locker, shutting his locker door. He follows up and hides behind Mycroft's now open locker, hiding slightly behind his door.
After a bit the fawn led John slightly off the trail to a cluster of trees. He let go of John's hand and moved closer, growling in his native tongue. A few hooked beaks poked from the branches and the fawn lifted an arm. A large raptor like bird flapped down, landing on the Fae's arm, talons digging into his fur.
The fawn snuffled softly into the fabric and after a second or two he spoke, "Its.. You... But different.. “ he grinned as the deep rumble vibrated through his chest as he huffed a chuckle.
The fawn rubbed his nose against John's with a soft bleat. "And I can show you my lab, where I do my experiments. And we can go to the strawberry patches, and the flower fields." His tail swished furiously and he pushed forward to press and excited kiss to John's lips. He pulled away just as quickly to press even more kisses all over John's face, his cheeks, nose, eyelids, forehead, brow, anywhere his lips could touch.
The fawn settled his chin on John's shoulder, reading over his shoulder, the rumble vibrating through his chest. He grinned softly as his mate spoke, ears twitching in excitement.
The fawn looked up as John came close, smiling as he happily took the cuppa.
He bleated softly and nuzzled John's cheek, "See kind heart." Fawnlock moved to the leather flap and shook it gently, dislodging any chunks of snow or ice that'd settled on it in the night.
The fawn smiled into their connected lips and pressed forward to intensify the kiss a bit before he pulled away with a soft smirk, his head tilting to the side as he considered John's explanation of his dream.
The fawn gave John and soft smile, leaning into the nuzzle, as he pulled away, he gave a surprised bleat at the pat to his bum, turning to give John a look. Just then he felt the call singing through him, he gave a soft huff, he bowed slightly to the human, "Good night, John." The Fae turned  and ducked under the leather flap. He padded through the light dusting of snow on the ground, sparkling in the slanted moonlight, soft flakes drifted slowly to the ground. Fawnlock was sure it'd all melt in the morning, he didn't have to worry. So he continued on to the gate, humming softly as he went.
Sherlock pouts as he watches Winston pack up their bags in the boot of the limo. He didn't want to go, even if he needed to get ready for his new school since he was being accelerated into a higher year, he didn't want to leave John. John was his best friend, his ONLY friend. He didn't want to lose that. They played together every day that he was here, pirates hunting for treasure or scientists gathering specimens.
The musky scent of arousal was thick on John’s tongue, as well as the faint smell of the bath salts they'd soaked in earlier. John gently lifted the prick and licked the underside, down to the soft bollocks beneath. He drew the soft skin here into his mouth, sucking on it slowly before coming off with a wet pop, and retracing his path back to the glistening tip and drawing it into his mouth, suckling at that as well. Every action was deliberately slow, not wanting to overwhelm his mate with the new experience, despite how eager he was to hear all those needy cries and breathless call of his name.
The fawn pulled away to kneel, bringing John down with him.
John gladly took the offered hand, already knowing he'd be tugged down into their nest. He laughed and went willingly, happy to give up and arm as a captive as he mate cuddled against it.
Perhaps it just had to do that it was a part of John, he considered and therefore by extension, another bit of him to love and smother with affection. John hummed as the large dark hand settled over his cheek, staring into the pale eyes that were so bright and intelligent, even as they sluggishly blinked away the last remnants of sleep.
Doing their work for school together, no matter how much or how little has been a practice that Mycroft had encouraged since mom moved in with her sister. The more time He has with Sherlock, the better, otherwise, Mycroft fears that Sherlock will become antisocial and depressed.
Not only was Fawnlock a male, but he was...well, a fawn. John didn't see him in any light other than love, but that didn't mean that was how other people would respond to him. He was so unsure of Harry's reactions since she'd followed in their father's footsteps and taken up drinking.
"Jawn..." He let out a sort of low whine, other dark hand costed in the bedding of their nest.
Sherlock takes a random menu, skimming it.
He murmured with a soft smile, still nosing against John's palm, lifting his own hand to cup the human's cheek, thump gently sliding over a trail of soft blush. The fawn's ears flicked as a deep rumpling started up, the Fae brushing his lips over John's wrist. John's coat slid of his shoulders as he scooted closer, his hand slipping up to John's hip.
John returned to the side of the nest and saw Fawnlock reaching out to him with needy hands. He chuckled and knelt down beside the fawn, setting down his supplies and taking Fawnlock's hands in his and kissing his wiggly fingers. His heart swelled with adoration for his mate, John was not only wanted, he was needed.
"I've been saying it for awhile now." He clasps his hands under his chin and atop John's sternum. The fact is, he knows he's light and that he's not too heavy to lay atop his friend.
As the bushes close once more the fawn brushes his fingers over the willow trunks, humming softly as if in tune with the wood. He begins to pad back into the wood, snow crunching under his dark feet.
John stares at the silly paper kids' menu a moment longer before setting it down. He remembers how little Sherlock eats.
Another cloth is grabbed for Mycroft and he wipes away the sweat and dirt from the day's stresses. Afterward, he feels much more refreshed.
Mycroft is standing by the car with Winston, looking sadly after the pair. This is painful for him, but they'll have to go soon if they want to have time to prepare and settle back in at home.
**EDIT**
It was lovely to watch Fawnlock be so enthralled. John was considering all the things he could introduce the fawn to. Fawnlock loved sweets, so John wondered how he'd take to some hot cocoa now that it was cold outside. It was good to think about things like grocery lists, instead of the looming meeting with his mate's brother. But John wasn't fearful of it. No one would ever convince him to leave the fae at his side. They were happy together. His brother would see that.
"It's very warm, yes, though I loath when I get buried inside, when it snows quite a bit, it's irritating, and I have to dig myself out. I spent almost a whole winter in here, another in Mrs. Hudson's cottage after I dug it out... But it's warm, cozy as well, I suppose." the fawn added some more twigs to the fire and dusts his hands when the small fire's large enough to sufficiently heat the oak. The fawn padded back to his nest and gave John a soft smile, moving to sit beside him. His dark hands went to one of the old quilts, "Mrs. Hudson's always been worried I'd be too cold in here, I'd never freeze though, it's warm enough. Yet she insists on making me these quilts." He huffed softly, speckled fingers tracing the stitching. He bows his head, eyes roving over his nest fondly.
"Then I can show you those trees for your wood stove?" He gave John a small smile.
Once again the fawn lowered his book when John approached, he took the utensil his mate handed him, twirling it in his speckled fingers. He watched John closely, using his piece of toast to do as his mate did, the fawn gave a curious glance at his human before taking a bite of his toast.
Sherlock tilts his head, "Of course, John's my friend, why wouldn't I be nice?" He huffs slightly, crossing his arms. The wooden sword smacks his thigh hard but Sherlock ignores it.
Sherlock smiles, shoving his softest blankets into the fort, "Mycroft and I do, when there's storms out or I can't sleep." He goes over to retrieve his bumblebee plushie, shoving it behind his back as he throws some pillows at John, "Let's go inside, you've got a torch, right?"
Greg gives the younger teen a look of empathy, his mum had always been a tad bit depressed throughout his childhood, though she'd been able to pull through for him for the most part. It was sad, such brilliant boys like Sherlock and Mycroft having to grow up depending on only each other, Mycroft taking care of his little brother.
John’s fingers tightened gently in the thick curls, head tilting back lazily against the pillows as the fawn explored his neck and pulled moan after moan from John's lips. His brain and mouth seemed to be treacherous, robbing him of the ability to perform any sort of actual speech in favor of sounds of deep pleasure, buffeted by that wonderful rumble that vibrated every gasp and groan.
The deep voice above him finally formed a word he understood, and John opened his eyes to look up at the silvery blues, a smile curving over his lips.
The fawn laid his cheek against the scar on John's shoulder, gaze lighting over John's, "thank you for making me soup," he mumbled softly, rubbing his furred cheek against John's shoulder, the rumble getting louder as time passed, the Fae's arms winding around John, one around his waist. His free hand settled over John's heart, counting the soothing rhythm.
Sherlock looks back to his brother and Mrs. Watson, expression slightly guarded until  he turns back to John, "Yes, I did." He presses his index finger to his lips. His precious bee named Bilbo is in the limo, inside his bag.
Once he was out of the nest, he came to stand next to the taller fawn, pressing a kiss to his chin where he could reach, then looking back down to the rest of the blankets and quilts. He was still starkers from before, but was wonderfully comfortable like this in their home. Fawnlock didn't wear anything after all...he just had better, convenient fur coverage.
The fawn's lips twitched up into a smile, happily following John, who was still trying to know the wood better. The traveled a bit longer till the creek crossed their path. The Fae kneeled by the water's edge, pulling John down with him. Fawnlock cupped his hands into the water, bringing it up to dump on his head and ruffle his wild raven curls with speckled fingers, a way to clean them a bit.  He wiped his hands off in the grass and turned to smile at the human.
"You're welcome John. It's nice to see Sherlock bring a friend over." John just smiles wider at Mycroft.
Sherlock nods silently and hugs John once more, silent tears streaking his cheeks. It'd been so long since he'd last cried for real. "I don't want to either," he sniffles slightly, "but John, we-we gotta stay strong, cuz... Cuz pirates don't cry!" He pulls back and clumsily wipes the tears from his friend's face, "O-okay?" He asks, taking a deep, shuddering breath.
John is peering through the telescope, admiring how amazing Venus looks at that magnification. "Wow! this is amazing."
He leaned in and pressed a kiss to the center of the fawn's forehead, then stood up and moved over to the cabinet beneath the sink, pulling out a carton of Eucalyptus and lavender scented bath salts. Fawnlock's ears flicked at John's touch, he scooted closer and his eyes fluttered closed at the kiss to his forehead. He nodded with a soft bleat.
John closed up the cottage when Fawnlock let go of his hand, though he was fairly sure if any mystical creature in this wood wanted to raid his home, they easily could.
The Fae gave a soft bleat, nosing against John's neck once more. Fawnlock felt tremendously comforted by John's words, and the human's fingers running over his back spread warmth throughout his furred body. "T-thank you, John." The fawn murmured softly, tail flicking as he nosed across John's jaw and up to his cheek. Speckled digits moved up to cup John's face, nuzzling against the human's cheek. The fawn huffed and pressed his lips to John's cheek. He gently brushed his fingers across John's cheeks, a deep rumbling sounding in his chest.
As the fae untangled from his crouch and came over to John, the blond blinked, brow furrowing in confusion. At first he thought the fawn was referring to John leaving the instrument, but he seemed excited and happy. So it couldn't be that he performed some fae faux pas by leaving the nest without the proper amount of cuddle time. He pursed his lips together and stared up at the tall fawn for a moment longer, then answered with a shrug.
"I can start building you a nest so you can be more comfortable. You can pick out which bedding you like best." John set his tea down and then placed the newly empty hand over Fawnlock's on his thigh, stroking the back of it. The fawn gave a soft huff, turning to face John with a small smile. He leant into the human's hand and nuzzled into John's palm with his damp nose.
Sherlock was curled into a ball, shuddering, red staining his shirt and the tile around him. John dropped to his knees, immediately taking note of the detective's blown pupils with a frown, his rainbow eyes dull.
The fawn sighed softly, ears flicking downwards even more so, "We should go, get you to Mrs. Hudson's." He explained softly, releasing John and turning to search for his scarf.
John could feel that the fawn was settling on top of him, his muscles relaxing and his nose snuffling about to find the most comfortably spot to lay his head. He realized the fae was readying for sleep, which made sense, as they were both exhausted. They were sticky and dirty, but it didn't seem to bother Fawnlock in the least little bit. And really, John was too happy to care much himself. He supposed they could take a shower or bath in the early morning, which he'd have to introduce the fawn to, but the warm water would surely thrill Fawnlock.
"Yes this is where we're staying." He looks at the three star hotel that is just half a mile down the beach. "I share a room with my sister. My parents have their own." 'Not that they are ever here...'
Sherlock watches John giggle with a smile, scooting closer. "John thank you for helping me," he carefully wraps an arm around John again, a lopsided grin on his face.
After a moment or two the fawn pulled away, "John, could you help me with my jumper? Oh, and I think we need to redress my wounds, the bandages pulled a bit last night." Fawnlock pouted slightly, the gauze was still pulling a bit at the moment, he suspected it was starting falling off.
"Pork fried rice and dumplings."  John doesn't even look at the menu, he always gets the same thing.  He dials the number and puts the menu down when he is done.
John doubted the fawn was shallow enough to leave him for a nicer nest mate, he'd only been teasing. But it was nice to hear it.
A smile graced the fawn's lips as he slid down to sit beside the human, curling his legs up to his chest. He leaned forward to pick a few berries for himself, popping one into his mouth. He gave a soft content bleat. "It's said that all that grows on the sites of gates and thinnings of the veil is blessed." The fawn sighed softly. He stared at the gate with dark eyes, speckled fingers gently rolling a berry between his fingertips. After a moment his shoulders relaxed more, and he tilted his head up to bask in the sparse sunshine and let the whispering breeze ruffle his curls and fur. A few blossoms and flower petals lighted on his antlers and body.
Mrs. Watson and Winston share an amused smile with each other at the boy's actions.
The fawn gave a slight nod, "I like knowing you're properly protected and safe when I'm at the gate. Or I'd only worry, and that do no one good." He murmured softly, making sure to keep close to his mate.
Sherlock scowls slightly at his brother's coddling and affections, though a smile breaks through after a minute or two, "Thank you, My." He leans over to grab one of his texts and flips it open, "I do love a good challenge. The last of my tests are tomorrow," he settles the text so he can read it, "So I'll read while you finish your calculus." He slides off his brother's lap and goes to settles into one of the reading chairs in around the study. Soon his nose is buried in the book, and he's gone off to his little mind palace.
Finally, he shifted his own hips and brought his own throbbing prick to press against Fawnlock's, wrapping his hand about both of them and thrusting up against the tight, slick space he'd created. He let out a long moan that shuddered through his chest, and flushed head to toe, warmth overwhelming him as if he would burn to ash with the fire burning through him. His kisses to the side of the fawn's face became more persistent and needy, his other hand splaying out over the small of the fawn's back and pushing him forwards so they could rut together, against one another.
"Did you know that most homophobic people are statistically the most likely to actually be gay?" Sherlock interrupted once more, a slight smirk on his little Cupid's bow lips.
The fawn snuggled closer, arms tightening around John, fingers stroking soft patterns into the small of John's back. His ears flicked, his damp nose brushing John's skin.
"Wow!" John clings to Sherlock as they observe the beehive in awe.  The sound of buzzing fills the room, the bees flying around in search of flowers to pollinate.  Of course, there are none, but that doesn't matter, the beekeeper takes good care of them.
Fawnlock watched John, pale eyes examining for any new facts to learn, watching his tongue as it darted out of his lips, John did that a lot.  The fawn's nose scrunched slightly as he watched John, "John, are... Are you bowing?" He asked softly, very confused. He carefully settled his hands on John's arms and brought him back to stand. "You don't need to bow, John, Why would you bow to me?"  He didn't think humans bowed to each other anymore... The fawn's ears twitched as he scrutinized the human. They only bowed to their royalty no a days, didn't they? The fawn gaze a snort and his tail flicked as he quickly dawned on the reason, "Mrs. Hudson told you I was Prince of the Fae." His hands lowered from John's arms.
"Isn't this lovely, thank you, and that poor dear, I'm glad you were able to make him relax." she said, ushering him inside. She noticed that Fawnlock's scent was all over John, she allowed herself a soft smile, she lead him into the kitchen.
"See you tomorrow Captain."
Niko here with chapter 4 edit! Enjoy!
The fawn's eyes fluttered closed as John's hand moved over his arm, his eyes opened and he looked over the human, "I could tell you were a warrior, or, um, a 'soldier'" Fawnlock listened as John spoke once more and his ears dropped when the human's tone hinted at disappointment, the fawn frowned slightly, "If you want I could take you out into the woods to explore." He offered, pale eyes intent on John. Fawnlock's tail flicked slightly, head tilted, "I won't let anything from my Wood bring you harm." He said softly, tilting his head up to stare at the ceiling, "besides, I don't usually have company when I walk through the woods, it can be lonely sometimes a suppose, company would never hurt." He murmured.
Sherlock chuckles and finishes off his hands before drying them on a towel. After both boys are done, Sherlock leads John into the dining room happily, grabbing his hand.
John nodded distractedly at that. He could call Harry, but that meant actually talking to Harry. How would that conversation even go? If he told her he'd met someone and they were essentially getting married, she'd insist on risking the snow and winds to see who John was suddenly so serious about and good lord would she be surprised.
John sighed softly as well, thinking on the impending hassle they were both surely going to endure. It was well worth it though; it was all worth it to be with Fawnlock. He'd fight to keep him, and it did his heart good to hear that the fae felt the same.
John closed his eyes with the soft, slow nuzzles and just let himself sink into the feeling of being adored. Of being a home for someone. "I suppose I can share you with the forest a bit longer." John murmured, then turned his head and kisses the tip of that damp nose, watching it wriggle in response with a warm smile.
John kicks his bare feet in the cool water of the pool he is sitting at. Little fishes are nibbling at his toes, making him giggle.
"Thanks, Mycroft!" John smiles again, setting his bag on the floor of the limo. "Whats for dinner?" Mycroft laughs, one track mind, just like Sherlock.
Ears flicking, Moosecroft murmured in a soft rumble as they walked, his cloak dragging around the forest floor behind him, stirring up dead leaves and half melted snowflakes.
He stepped closer to his brother, moving around him in a slow circle, subtly inhaling the scent of the human that washed over his brother, though it was weak at best. He came back around before his sibling, sniffing with distaste.
Fawnlock moved to pull out a chair from the table for his brother and sat down himself, "Moosecroft, sit," he left a chair pulled out next to him for John.
"It'll be alright, love."
Once John was washed up and changed into some pajama bottoms and a long sleeved henley to fight off the chill of the night, he headed back downstairs to the sitting room. The fire had died back down to low embers, which was lovely for sleeping beside.
The rugby player sighs softly, "It may take us a bit to get out of the lot."
It was sad to hear that the fawn had never loved anything. Someone with so much magic in his life should have felt the magic that came with being in love. Even John had felt the pull of that grand emotion, though it had never really seemed to work in his favor, for there was no one waiting for him when he got back from that hateful war. Still, even love that eventually fizzled and broke was still an amazing thing while it lasted. John was a sentimental romantic. However if the woods were more of a part of the fawn, they had suffered because the fae had not loved himself. That speech was bittersweet, as was the soft smile tipped up at the end of it. Perhaps John was too physical of a person, but every bit of him screamed to reach out to the fawn. So he did just that, arms encircling Fawnlock's shoulders to draw him into an embrace. His cheek pressed to the soft downy fur of Fawnlock's, and John hugged him tight for a brief moment. "Both you and this wood are so special...absolutely priceless treasures. This forest would not be so beautiful if it was not for you." He leaned back and ran his hand across the soft scarf as well, then stood up off the couch and retrieved his pack, tossing it up over his shoulders. "Come Fawnlock...show me some of your favorite places in the wood. I want to see more of your world."
The fawn hums, smiling softly, raising his dark hands to bury his fingertips in John's sandy locks. His nose twitched as a puzzled look crossed his face. "What do you mean by, consummate?" Fawnlock asked, curiosity coloring his features.
The fawn gave a soft bleat as John arched up into him, Fawnlock huffing softly into the heated skin of John's neck. He nipped at John's shoulder as he felt strong hands knead the swells of his bum, smiling softly at his mate's words.
"Okay! "John sits up, folding his legs into a pretzel, staring expectantly.
Sherlock tilts his head, considering John's words, after a moment he nods, "There isn't anything wrong with being gay, though I'm certain some religions consider being gay a sin... Or something... Religions are pretty boring." He takes up another piece after admiring their maze for so far.
The fawn growled low in his throat, baring his teeth slightly at his brother, his calm facade cracking.
Sherlock looks to John, nodding a tad distractedly as his gaze moves back to the file. He turns to watch John put Sirius in his cage a small smile on his lips, "He is blind," he states, settling the file by the cage and peering inside, smiling fondly at the mouse.
"Ah... hello boys."
"Show me inside?"  He asks, polite as ever.
John blinked at first as Fawnlock began rubbing at his hand, but then quickly caught on to what he was doing, letting his mate rub himself over the hand till it smelled to his satisfaction once more. Thankfully he hadn't had any urge to give Moosecroft a hug. Though, the prospect of being pushed down and rubbed all over wasn't exactly something horrible to endure. Honestly, this desire, no, this need to scent John was something the blond found himself to be quite agreeable to. It was intimate and comforting, and honestly John could never get enough of the push of that wet nose and soft cheek.
"Ah, no, my father passed not too long after I was born and my mum already thought I was enough to handle." He gave a bit of a sad smile.
They make their way through the exhibits the adults giving the boys their distance. Soon the NASA exhibit comes up. A to-scale rocket ship is in the center of the room.
"I'm gonna be so lonely!"  John cries out, clutching to Sherlock again as the tears just flood down his cheeks.  He can't stop it, "I don't wanna go! You either!"
After a rather quiet and awkward dinner, Sherlock sits comfortably in his mother's lap, his book in his lap, by the window that gives a nice view of the sunset. Which she stares out at quietly.
Fawnlock scooted and wriggled till he was pleasantly comfortable, then he lifted the hollow instrument to his collar, against his scarf (which he'd smoothed out of the way) and tucked it under his chin before he drew his bow over the strings.
