“But Castiel, what about you?” Jody unfolded her arms, taking a drag from her cigarette before blowing the smoke to the side. “Won’t you be in danger?”
Dean didn’t. He couldn’t, or it would all be over. Ignoring the several guns pointed at him, he entered the last door on the right.
It was rush hour at The Roadhouse and Dean was on his third attempt at cleaning a line of whiskey glasses. Ash grumbled sarcastically behind him something between, “Yeah, take your time, buddy,” and “If you clean those one more time I’m afraid they’ll become flat.”
look on his face as they stood, halfway into Dean’s bedroom. Surprise flared in his eyes, jaw clenching before something in his expression melted away. “Your tone suggests jealousy,” he said, with a gentle head tilt.
Lucifer hummed thoughtfully. “A Devil's gate. I will attempt to open it today, but you see, I'm going to need help.” He turned his penetrating, icy gaze to Dean again, the rawness in it crawling under Dean’s skin until he felt stripped and laid open.
Cas began to thrust into him in a desperate, sensual rhythm, their filthy moans filling the otherwise silent room as they relearned each other’s bodies. As Castiel filled him in every way possible, Dean could feel his heart drumming against his ribcage, fearing it would burst out of his chest at any moment with how much love was flowing through him.
But before the explosion could be set free, it all stopped. The flames became embers, the blistering combustion turning to smoky remnants. Dean opened his eyes, not remembering when he had closed them.
“It’s okay, Cas.” Dean put a comforting hand on his thigh, and Castiel knew it was more for his own sake than Castiel’s. Although, Castiel was happy to let Dean take whatever comfort he needed from him before the end. “Sam was saying we should do another count of the ammunition, check the weapons as well. To be… y’know, ready for tomorrow,” Dean continued.
“I know,” she said, patting his hand a couple of times before getting up. “Well then.” She turned and sniffed hastily. “I’ll see you around.”
Castiel’s gaze landed on Dean again. He cupped Dean’s face, a shadow of sadness tingeing his expression. “Listen to the waves. The sea will guide you.”
Castiel’s hands skidded along his back, tracing his muscles before grabbing his asscheeks and pulling their crotches closer. “Faster,” he begged and Dean complied, thrusting briskly, setting a pace so exquisite it made them both moan.
A clump of moorish idol flew around him and Dean propelled forward to swim along with them, photographing them even though he already had them in his portfolio. They were one of Dean’s favorites with their thick vertical stripes in contrasting black and white, and a wide sunlight yellow patch towards the back of their bodies. They had long snouts with vibrant yellow masks running across, and long, extravagant filaments that trailed out from the tip of the dorsal fins. They were beautiful.
“Whatever that monster wants with you, it’s not going to get it. You hear me? No fucking way! Not you!” Dean didn’t wait for a reply, stomping down the stairs.
“Dean?” Charlie said, fingers touching his back before calling out for him again. “Are you okay?” she insisted.
“Well, if this is the only way I get to see you, what choice do I have?” He took off his cap to scratch the bald spot at the top of his head surrounded by salt and pepper hair. “What, not gonna offer me anything?” he scowled at Dean.
Dean closed his hands in tight fists, not wanting to break the fragile moment Castiel was allowing to happen.
Dean huffed but couldn’t help smiling as Cas leaned in to kiss him. Maybe he was right; what they had was real, unbroken, they had each other, good and bad, here and in the afterlife, that was enough. They were happy, and they were together.
Castiel watched Dean through his eyelashes, feeling warmth bubbling beneath his skin. Dean would never cease to amaze him — this frail human, facing the whole community because of Castiel. A soft exhale released from parted lips, eyes flickering around the crowd, anxious fingers grasping the edge of Castiel’s shirt until Dean’s focus landed on him again, face seeking reassurance and a steadfast,
Cas was panting hard against Dean's shoulder blades. Firm body sliding up and down against Dean's back, covering them both in sweat.
There they were again, those three little words that Dean meant so much but somehow couldn't let them out into the world. There was always that voice in the dark corner of his mind telling him that even if Cas had agreed to stay in the fort, that didn't mean he would stay
Charlie eased out of the beat-up truck, sighing into the freezing-cold alley, and stretching her arms above her head until her back cracked. Bela followed close by, pulling her long, light-brown hair into a ponytail before picking up her machete.
“What? You think I sucked you off to bribe you into staying?” he growled, huffing a laugh that lacked any humor. “If you wanna keep your head up your ass, help yourself. I’m not gonna explain myself.” His voice was low when he added, “And I don’t regret it either.” Dean gave a one-shoulder shrug, a vain attempt at nonchalance. But Castiel knew him better by now. “I'll never be sorry for what happens between us.” There it was, the vulnerability that Dean tried and accomplished to keep at bay most of the time.
Dean was slightly aware everyone had stopped in their tracks and were watching them, but holding Cas was like breaking apart all over again, pushing through the sweet pain to find peace, and he couldn’t let go. Dean clutched Cas close, arms folding around him as if Cas was everything there was left in the world, cheeks burning pink, eyes closing again, welcoming the peace Cas’ touch provided. “Yeah,” he mumbled against skin. “You are.”
There was a dull click, and the chains slipped heavily to the floor. Dean’s grip around his axe tightened; he moved his feet away and puffed his chest, ready for the doors to burst open at any moment, with a battalion of Croats swarming and catching them off guard. Nothing happened, though, and the wooden doors remained still as if the chain was still in place. Dean ran his fingers down the dark, splintered edge, curling them around the knob to push it open.
Bobby sent him the stink-eye. “Just sayin’ what yer stubborn ass can’t.” He took a long drag of his beer before pointing a finger at Dean. “And if I need to kick ya in the right direction, you’re damn sure I’ll do it.”
Dean leaned down to place another soft kiss on Cas’ stomach, just a gentle pressure as his hands worked the belt and pulled it open. “I’ll make you feel so good, baby.” Dean kissed a trail up Cas’ chest, teasing each nipple with sharp teeth, relishing in Castiel’s soft moans as he pressed his tongue flat against the perked flesh, nibbling lightly and sucking it between his lips until each bud turned erect and full, and Cas was beneath above him.
“Correct.” Sam wrote the answer on the board. “From amongst other symptoms, it causes hyper-aggressiveness and the loss of many higher brain functions within its victim. Can anyone name other signs of this infection?”
Dean pumped him hard through his orgasm as the angel panted Dean’s name through the waves of his climax that spilled between their bodies, hot and sticky, thrusting into Dean’s hand until he was spent and pliant on top of Dean.
They stood there for a while, gasping for air, wrapped around each other, with Castiel blissfully pressed between the wall and Dean’s solid chest; and Dean’s head buried in the hollow of Castiel’s neck. “Shit…” Dean rasped, not raising his head, his hot breath ghosting over Castiel’s skin and making him close his eyes. “C’ming,” he said louder.
Dean blankly watched them go, a tug of grief clenching his heart. The dark figure with crimson eyes that had haunted his nightmares and visions alike ever since he was a child was after Cas. Dean brought a hand to his mouth, shaking, a fuzziness dulling his senses as an impending panic attack began to creep in.
Dean smiled proudly, planting a chaste kiss on Cas’ neck before moving back down. Dean contemplated the designs on Cas’ back again.
Bobby had looked at his map in confusion, checking it for the hundredth time as if it would somehow reveal a secret passage to the underworld.
Cas stilled, bracing himself on his arms to look down at Dean. “Dean,” his voice had an edge of concern. “Are you alright? You want to stop?”
“How about this? You give me an answer after all of this is over. After you return to me.” He brought Cas’ hand to his lips and planted a lingering kiss there.
“Then make me feel that, make me feel you, angel. I wanna feel you for days,” his voice was rough from having Castiel’s cock down his throat, but as Dean closed his eyes, Castiel could see there was more to it than that. An unspoken, I want to feel you when you’re gone. And as Dean swallowed him down again, Castiel couldn’t help the sting of tears from blurring his vision as he let himself get lost in the pleasure of Dean’s mouth again.
The beach was bare and devoid of life until he saw movement in the corner of his eye. Dean’s gaze followed the disturbance between the waves leisurely lapping by the shore. The crystal waters called for him, luring him under the blazing sun. What finally pulled him in though was a mop of black, ruffled hair, trickling with drops of water, and framing the most pure shade of blue eyes and fair skin.
But Dean didn’t watch them for long, not when he could watch Cas instead — mouth agape, a dopey smile blossoming across his face that made him look younger, and with specks of lights reflecting and dancing in his pools of blue. He was mesmerizing, and Dean loved… he loved…
A shaky rumble filled the air, the earth jerking beneath his feet. They looked up — the clouds were still moving in a spiral, its center the inverted pentagram still remaining on the ground. The pit was still open, as bottomless as a black hole.
“But just because it didn’t work with Lisa,” Sam continued, pulling Dean out of his thoughts. “That doesn’t mean you have to punish yourself for the rest of your life, Dean. Give yourself a shot… it might be worth it.”
Castiel’s body, muscled and sweaty against his, with the angel still gasping close to his ear, was enough to bring him closer to the edge in no time. Dean’s back rose from the ground, he moaned, hoarse and primal, and dropped his head back, bracing his heels on the ground, mouth slack and chest rising and falling in rapid gasps. Dean’s thumb played around the head on the upstroke before gripping down in one last pull.
Dean was one of the last to appear. There were shadows beneath his eyes, and his smile lacked the sparkle Castiel had become accustomed to. But he was still beautiful, still Dean Winchester.
It had been twenty years since the origin of the hatred lodged in his heart but, at thirty-two years old, he had an alright life. He owned a condo, had a close group of friends and a surrogate family he loved, paid his own bills and had quite a respectable job as the manager at The Roadhouse, a bar owned by his mother-by-heart, Ellen. He kept things running smoothly by handling day-to-day operations, managing resources and employees, and creating a safe, fun environment for everyone. He had his hands full more often than not, but he friggin’ loved the job. He enjoyed everything about it: the non-nine-to-five working hours it offered, the mingled scent of alcohol and tobacco that filled the air. The added bonus of meeting endless beauties day in and day out — both men and women, whoever struck his fancy — wasn't so bad either.
Castiel’s smile fell slightly, and he looked down. “I know it’s been a year, and a lot must have changed, so I don’t know if you still—”
In the other corner stood Dean’s most precious — and maybe most expensive — possession: a Steinway & Sons black grand piano. It had belonged to their parents, and both Sam and Dean had learned to play with Mary’s encouragement. Their mother used to spend evenings singing when she was happy, each note accompanied by the piano’s chords. The instrument had been one of the few things the brothers had brought from Bobby’s when they got their own house.
“You what, Cas?” he coaxed Cas’ eyes back to him, liquid blue charging against green, consuming the very electrified air hovering between them. Castiel still had Dean’s face cradled between his hands, fingers carding through light-brown hair; thumb slim and feather-like drawing soft patterns against Dean’s stubble.
“Oh, right, almost forgot!” She turned to see the cardboard box in the back. “This is awesome!” She gazed back at him, a bright smile on her face. “That is amazing, Castiel, thank you!”
Once Cas finished, Dean convinced him to take a nap. Dean excused himself for a bit to call his brother and let the guys at work know he was taking a few days off. As soon as that was taken care of, he returned to the bedroom and snuggled into Cas’ back. Castiel was already fast asleep, his breathing calm and even as Dean peppered little kisses along his neck. He watched his chest rise gently with each breath, counting Cas’ heartbeats against his palm to anchor him to the feeling of
Dean shook his head bitterly, choking on his words, “I’m as real as it gets. Though I guess that’s what a hallucination would say…” he said, voice barely a whisper as he offered an empty smile. “How’re you feeling?”
The sun had just started to rise when Dean got up from the couch, gladly lending his bed to the sleepy-eyed, dark-haired beauty taking all the spare space of the mattress to himself right now.
Drawing closer, Dean sat beside Cas with a small sigh. “How about that for a pillow talk, huh?” He tried out the joke about Sam and Kevin’s encounter.
“Lube,” Cas rasped, and Dean pointed at the bedside table, watching Cas between hard pants as he fetched the bottle.
His thoughts screeched to a halt, and Dean leaned forward, shaking the man by the shoulder to make him open his eyes. “What do you mean three days? How— When were you bitten?”
Cas was just leaving the bathroom, towel drying the last bits of moisture from his hair. “Hello, Sam,” he greeted when he saw Dean’s brother.
soft tendrils of bright blue grace immersed the space in light, like lightning breaking the night in half, cutting deep through the vision caging Dean inside, and chasing away the dark figure. Instinctively Dean reached out, clarity stretching his mind as Dean’s soul puffed and rippled inside his chest. Dean’s fingers moved deliberately, soul purring inside him, as he finally touched the light with multiple shades of blue so familiar to him. The grace swelled up under his touch, expanding and vibrating, devouring all darkness and shadows in its wake. The weight on Dean’s chest subsided, the hooks let go of him, and suddenly he could move again. He got up, eyes watering as his world turned into the most beautiful shades of blue.
Cas cut off his words with his hand, fingers warm against Dean’s lips as a new wave of heat left a shivering trail down his spine. Dean drew in a breath through his nose, all too aware that Cas was practically naked as he pressed against him, jeans hanging low on his hips, a few stray droplets of water lazily trailing down his chest, skin flushed pink from the shower and dampened in a mingled scent of apples and mint. It wasn’t long after that three sets of voices entered the room, and Dean realized they weren’t alone anymore. Cas’ fingers slipped from Dean’s mouth, and he took a peek, careful not to be seen by Gordon and his men.
specimen. After making sure it was empty, he tucked it away in his bag, an idea blossoming in the back of his mind.
“Usually people use air quotes when what they’re saying isn’t really what they mean,” Sam gave the completely useless explanation.
Dean ignored her too, tucking the man into his arms and taking him out of the truck. For this to work, he needed to be fucking quick.
“Oh.” Dean looked up, only then noticing the small, two-story building that made up the Lilyville Inn. “Already, huh?”
Dean heaved an amused sigh. A slight smile rose to his lips before he bit his bottom lip and moved closer to sit by the edge of the sofa, his thigh brushing Cas’ arm as Dean shifted on his spot to face him, an arm casually slung over the back of the sofa as he watched Cas. “I was going to say it was a good sight. Seeing you like this, so serene.”
He had dreamed about Cas sometimes, when his will wasn’t enough to stop Dean from losing himself in his sleep.
Fair warning — in this fic I describe Cas as having fair skin, which imo doesn’t match the spn universe. At least for me, Cas is more tanned than Dean in the show. BUT the thing in this fic that I had to consider is that Cas lived most of his life underwater, so, FOR THIS FIC and this reality, having fair skin is appropriate for Cas. So yeah, just letting you know my thoughts on that.
“You’re not stupid, I understand the curiosity. But the world outside isn’t all that good. There are some alright parts, yes, but most of it is filled with death and hopelessness. I know you desire more, but nothing out there compares to what you found here. You know what that is?”
It started with nothing more than a whisper, like the dying cinders in a fireplace, then roared to life as the laughter grew stronger and more menacing.
“Yeah, they probably missed me during my round. But the others,” she pointed to the towers, “are probably aware, or you would have been shot by now.”
“Meet us at the Keeper,” Dean shouted, feet striding along the gravel. “I’ll keep grumpy bear here company.”
Last week most of you said Cas would be the first one to freak out and we're about to see just how correct you all are, oh boy.
Before he knew it, Charlie was at his side, with Missouri close behind, and soon a whole group of people Dean hadn’t time to single out was around them. He held the guy to his chest, the dark hair soft between his fingers, when Dean held the blue-eyed man’s head against his shoulder and picked him up.
Cas’ eyes met with his briefly before Dean turned his attention to the patron in front of him — a blonde with full, red lips, fine curves and a low neckline. In other times, the way she was smiling up at him would be one short way to a great hookup. Today though, he greeted politely and took her order, but otherwise ignored her.
“I’ll clean this up after. The more pressing matter is the person who was speaking to him on the radio. I need to find him before he reports back to Lucifer.” He paused. “Are you alright?” Castiel turned his attention away from the body for the first time, drawing closer to Dean, halting when Dean took a step back. Something close to hurt flashed in Castiel’s eyes before he looked away. “You don’t need to fear me. I’m not going to hurt you.”
With a faltering sigh, Cas leaned forward, head hiding in the crook of Dean’s neck and making Dean release a breath he didn’t even know he was holding until Cas’ arms wrapped around his waist. “I didn’t mean to scare you…” Dean tightened his hold around Cas’ shoulders, pulling him as close as his throbbing muscles would allow. “I just wanted you to be safe,” he murmured into the shell of Cas’ ear. “I would do anything to keep you safe.”
“And you’re gonna catch a cold soon,” Charlie finished the argument putting her arm over his shoulders like he was a freakishly tall baby, leading him inside. “Let’s get some well-deserved rest.”
. Cas didn’t seem very convinced by it, though, saying merfolk were much more educated about the land-dwellers than the movie led to believe. Dean had chuckled at that but had to give it to him.
They moved slowly; somewhere along the way, Dean’s hand found the man’s back, curling protectively around him when his step faltered again as he let Dean lead him into bed.
“I just need to get the hell out of here.” Reluctantly, he turned away to put on his clothes. They remained silent as Dean dressed. Castiel stood still in front of the bathroom door, probably hoping Dean would tell him this was a joke and that he was staying after all.
This part of the dream had never happened before. He was always around three in this dream, but as he studied his hands now and touched his face — strong, scruffed jaw sharp beneath his fingertips — he realized this was the adult version of himself.
“Don't do it,” Dean heard Sam shout, though everything started to sound distant, as if through thick fog.
the voice repeated, more persistent this time, pinning Dean to the ground. The screaming continued, getting louder and louder over the sound of his own heart throbbing stubbornly in the dark figure’s hand. Dean wanted them to stop, but long, cold fingers covered his mouth as the dark one crushed Dean’s heart in his hand. His pain-etched face mirrored in the figure’s blood-red eyes, Dean exhaled a muffled yelp, shutting his eyes as a dull ache ran down his spine.
Dean reached with a hand, blindly grasping at air until he caught something light and soft between his fingers. He brought the object to eye level and opened his fingers to reveal a water lily. He blinked, wondering how the hell he held a flower in his hand. Something of similar feel touched his feet when the next wave hit the sand, and Dean glanced around.
He was combing his hair just right when he heard a loud, dull thud coming from the shared bathroom. A jolt of panic flared down his spine — what if one of Lucifer’s minions had broken in and was attacking Cas right this second?
The pine needles stirred as they trampled them underfoot. Overhead, amongst the canopy, the needles twinkled against the wind, in a whispered challenge to the willows and their weeping branches flowing peacefully as they reached a clearing.
As he reached the clearing, Dean released a breath. The familiar dark, messy hair and lean but muscled back was on the other side, still as beautifully alive and unharmed as Dean had prayed for to whoever was listening.
“Then explain to me why I just looked Gordon in the eye and confirmed everything’s fine with this guy?” he asked, motioning with his hand to the single bed on the far end of the pastel-yellow room.
The door led to a corridor, and they moved along the dark marble floor framed by light-blue walls, and two doors at their right denoted the men and women’s bathrooms.
Castiel looked away and held his necklace, a flicker of hurt flashing in his eyes before it was gone and he stared ahead, blocking away any emotion he had just shown.
Castiel lay there for a few serene moments before his body didn’t ache to the point of breaking his grace in half.
Castiel had fallen before, and he had lost so much more than himself on his way down. But falling for Dean had been easy, and he had gone willingly, like taking his first flight, wings outstretched, pushing through the first leap of fear, then falling all at once to conquer the clouds.
Castiel rounded on both of them, a “Sorry…” leaving his mouth as he grabbed his duffle bag on the way to the door and made his way out. “I will be outside waiting for you,” he added for Dean alone. With one last glance at Sam, he closed the door behind him.
They were nearing the second week since Dean was gone, and Castiel missed him; he missed him terribly. They spoke almost every day through Dean’s prayers, and Castiel savored each and every moment he got to talk with Dean and share his days with him. But that wasn’t enough because Castiel needed more… he needed Dean, and for the first time since he could recollect, his very own grace was swelling with
“Thanks.” He took the stairs at his left that led to the office and the storage room upstairs. He climbed two steps at a time and knocked on the first door that belonged to Garth’s office.
On the other side Cas was on his knees, right in front of the bedroom door. Behind him stood a man. No, Dean realized with a cold dread shooting down his spine. Not a man. A
When their eyes locked together a layer of unshed tears melted Cas’ blues. It was all it took for Dean to tug Cas into a sitting position and pull him into a hug. Cas’ arms were tight around Dean’s shoulders, head burrowed in the crook of Dean’s neck as Dean drew soothing patterns along Cas’ back. “Fuck, I hate to see you cry.” He kissed the line of hair behind Cas’ ear. “I’m sorry…”
Dean frowned. “What does that mean?” The merman watched him in silence. “Castiel?” But he was already fading from his arms. “Cas?”
“Anyway…” Garth got up. “Gonna meet my work buddies over there; we’re gonna spend the night spilling drinks and talking obnoxiously loud.”
Castiel was getting ready for another difficult day of learning how to avoid Dean Winchester and what his own heart yearned for, armed with a black v neck t-shirt and gray jeans when there was a knock on the door.
Cas squirmed in his spot, fidgeting with the necklace lying on the couch. “Lucifer’s clan hates mine. He and my brother have been at each other’s throats for as long as I can remember.”
Dean swallowed down the rest of his coffee, suddenly too bitter around the lump of sorrow filling his throat.
“That's a wise piece of advice. One that you should always follow. In fact, you don't have to talk.” The stranger reached out slender fingers, opening them to reveal a round, dark object, nestling in his palm. “I just need you to keep this for me.”
“Cas, please stop crying… I just want to see you happy,” Dean admitted, not minding how the honesty might sound.
Dean hummed, pleased with the sight, teasingly licking his lips as he curled a hand around Castiel’s shaft and jerked him a few times. Castiel sighed, shaky and deep as Dean leaned forward and planted open-mouthed kisses along the underside of Castiel’s cock before sealing his lips on the sensitive spot just below the head. Castiel threw his head back with a wrecked moan but snapped his head down immediately, a groan low in his throat with the first swipe of Dean’s tongue along the length of his cock. His tongue curled around the head, and Castiel growled, an eruption of pleasure in his growing belly, his hand finding Dean’s hair for support, raking his fingers through the thick, sandy locks.
So they had kept quiet, watching the stars for a stretch of heavy silence before Dean’s hand had slipped between them to find Cas’. “It will be okay, Cas. If you don’t wanna marry that asshole, you don’t have to. I’ll make sure of that,” he promised when blue eyes locked on his.
A sudden thought had discharged like a bullet down his spine. “I—is Lucifer…” He stammered, afraid of the answer. The jealousy that raced up his entire body twisted his stomach into knots. “Is he your mate?”
Dean fetched a clean change of clothes from the dresser, headed into the bathroom, and took a quick shower. Although the water heater didn’t work in his bathroom, he had learned to ignore his body’s reflexive impulse to avoid cold water ever since he was a child, and most days, he didn’t even bother to go to the main floor to indulge in a warm shower. He brushed his teeth, watching his reflection in the mirror as he buttoned his plain green shirt. The dark circles under his eyes stood out more than usual, and he could also use a shave, he thought, brushing his hand over the five-o-clock shadow making its appearance in the mirror. That could wait, though.
“Dean?” Cas’ voice snapped him out of his fantasy. Panic rushed through Dean, afraid he had said something out loud. “Are you still there?” he asked, a smile evident in his voice.
Moving up, he bit Cas’ neck, smiling when the other gasped in surprise. Dean pulled away to look him in the eye, planting a kiss on his lips, before tugging Cas’ pants and boxers to his thighs and moving straight down to his cock.
Two men stood in the entryway with revolvers threateningly pointed at both John and Mary, a woman with a flowery light pink dress in between the two. “Gun beats baseball bat, don’t you think?” the man with a mullet said.
However, visiting the surface never came free of side-eyes and gazes filled with mistrust and sometimes even hate. Because ultimately, Castiel was a merman. And even though his tail gave way to a pair of legs on dry land, his pointy ears never went away, a tell-tale sign as to what species he was to whoever cared to take a second look at him.
Charlie and Ash were placed in charge of the town’s tech. Thanks to them, each home had a working landline phone, a surveillance system was installed around the town’s perimeter, and working computers were available in the public library at the compound's center.
It was a weak plan, but as Castiel regarded the necklace now, a sense of urgency surged through his veins. He had to try.
“One of the guys outside.” Dean pointed to the door. “You know? Zombie, living dead, whatever you wanna call them.”
“I don’t need your pity.” Castiel sighed, opening the door again so that their eyes locked. And there it was: the emotion finally filling the look on his face, the slight frown digging between his eyebrows, the tight line pressing his lips together, and his blues colder than Dean wished being thrown at him. Hate it was.
He forced his legs to lock up to keep them from buckling beneath him. He tightened his fists, a mild buzz in his fingertips as he carved his nails into his palm. The sensation of burning and the phantom smell of smoke permeated his senses, and he could feel himself begin to spiral into one of his visions. He knew it wasn’t real, but the flicker of yellow and orange infused itself into every movement.
Dean swallowed dryly; the deal was Cas would stay until he was healed, and Dean feared that time was coming to an end.
Castiel dropped his head to Dean’s shoulder, chest rising and falling in quick gasps. “But I’ve never done this before.”
The first day Cas had met the rest of the group, Dean had to down two glasses of whiskey just to calm his nerves. It was lunchtime, and the dining room was full. Dean joined the group at one of the tables, and Cas sat down opposite him, posture rigid, hands over his knees, looking as much as in need of alcohol as Dean. It was a rough start, and Dean was sure he was about to witness a fucking train wreck. Cas’ replies mostly consisted of yes or no answers, and Dean could do nothing but watch, a drop of sweat condensing at the nape of his neck, reaching the brim of his shirt by the time Cas was apologizing for his lack of social skills. “I’m sorry, my people skills are rusty,” he said in a low and almost embarrassed tone. He was met by broad, reassuring smiles from the group before they changed the conversation’s focus off him, giving Cas the chance to chime in at his own pace.
“I don’t understand what Sam and Kevin have to do with our pillow, Dean?” Cas said, with a familiar tilt of his head.
The rest of the week passed at a slow, peaceful beat. Cas was healing faster than Missouri had predicted. By the time the second week rolled around, the bandage was finally gone, almost no scar left behind to remind them of the near-death-experience, only pink, delicate skin and chapped, rosy lips smiling back at Dean as the color steadily returned to Cas’ cheeks.
“They can be your family too,” Claire pointed out, voice laced with empathy. “You just have to give them a chance… can I tell you a secret?” she added after Dean heard her taking a sip from her tea.
“Please, don’t show your enthusiasm all at once; you’re overwhelming me, man,” she threw him an exasperated look before turning to leave.
“S’okay, everyone leaves sooner or later,” he said, bottom lip trembling, the tremulous confession out before he could catch it. “‘m used to it,” he finished and gulped hard at the runaway whimper.
Before Sam could reply, Jo came into view through the fort’s door, gasping as she tightened her hold around the axe in her hand. “Dean, come quick!” she shouted from the doorway. “It’s Claire, Alex, and Ben. They ran off!”
“Guess we are,” Cas professed, not a hint of humor filling any syllable, and Dean couldn’t do much else besides close his eyes too, a warm, fluttery feeling lodged in his throat.
The first contact felt like nothing in the middle of all the numbness Castiel’s panic provided — lips contacting soft lips, shaping together like they had been made for it.
He continued his adventure with Max the lion until the steam was long gone, the water turning cold, leaving him with wrinkled fingertips and damp, spiky hair. Dean didn’t mind; this was one of the perks of the new house. Despite most of their previous homes having running water, it was a rarity to have a working heater, and Dean had grown used to cold water.
Dean gave a quick head nod, watching her lips form a tight line. There was something more there, something that reminded him of the times they were about to broach a difficult topic.
Dean rolled a piece of spaghetti around his fork and took a bite, slurping up the last bit dangling from his mouth. “Alive and kicking,” he replied between bites. “Still sleeping. He had a late one last night.”
The first snarls from the undead stuck to the spikes along the fort’s walls rang in Castiel’s ears. With each step, the Keeper’s walls gradually rose above their heads, and with that, Castiel’s apprehension grew higher. It wasn’t just his cover-up on the line. Pretending to be human was already natural to him, something he had forced on himself not just for him but for all of his kin.
for updates about my current fic and any of my future ones. I already have 9 chapters written from my next fic. It’s gonna be a reunion!au, filled with angst but some of the fluffiest scenes I’ve ever written too.
“He lost a lot of blood,” she huffed. “But we already started a transfusion. No major organs were damaged, and the shoulder itself will heal soon.”
Dean sneered, “Good to know my ass won’t get an extra hole tonight.” He went back to his bag, safely hiding his knife from prying eyes.
“Mornin’, sunshine,” the words fell from his lips before he could help himself. He looked down and smiled sheepish, even though the man couldn’t even hear him. “You can’t blame me,” he continued, drawing near to sit by the edge of the bed. “It’s not like I can call you anything else if you won’t even tell me your name. At least be grateful I’m not calling you sleeping beauty like some of the guys.” He chuckled, crossing one leg under the other so he could turn to the man, who gave no signs of hearing him or noticing Dean’s presence at all. Dean sighed. “Tough crowd, huh? Don’t like my jokes? You should complain to the doc.” He pointed with his thumb to Kevin, who had gone back to studying his papers. “Hey, wanna hear the good news? Kevin says you’re recovering fast. Your body just needs time to regain its strength. But you’ll be on your feet in no time. I promise.” He smiled, watching the man’s chest rise and fall, oblivious to the world as the air slipped away from half-parted lips in a slow, continuous loop that matched the drops of serum falling down the IV connected to the back of the man’s hand.
Cas laughed softly, the sound rumbling through his torso and shaking Dean where he sat on top of him. “You could say that.” He squirmed lightly where he lay and Dean took it as a reminder he should continue his massage. He turned his attention to Cas’ shoulders, pressing along the hard curve and moving along his arms, stroking back up all the way to his neck, massaging there with a hand, fingers squeezing tense muscles between them.
He was savoring the rich beverage when the rumble of a vehicle approaching the cabin roared outside. Dean looked at the clock; Sam knew this was his day off, so he wouldn’t be here this early in the day unless something urgent had happened.
Dean resurfaced and remained still for a moment, impelling the water with his legs just enough to keep him in place, allowing his body to adjust to the current which was gratefully slow and steady as the small waves lapped against his face.
“I mean, if you’re like me,” Dean kept going, too immersed in his line and the fish that had started to bite on it to notice Cas’ interjection, “all I did was throw tantrums, mess around with my brother and play with my toys.”
“Here,” Dean said out of breath, carefully settling the man on the surgical table at the center of the small room.
Cas shoved his cock against Dean’s grip one last time, and his body locked up as he tipped over the edge with several muted gasps and a row of rapid, violent jerks of his hips.
. He wanted Dean in his arms, lips on lips, nothing else keeping them apart. Just like in the movies, Dean had said, and Castiel knew Dean was his ending. Happily ever after was almost impossible in an apocalyptic world, but Castiel knew that as long as they were together, Castiel would be happy.
“I would appreciate it if you told no one about what happened—” He fully faced Dean for the first time. Castiel released a gasp, suddenly forgetting what he was about to say, a little taken back by what he saw on the other side. Something he couldn’t fathom stared back at him — there was confusion filling Dean’s eyes, which wasn’t a surprise. Still, there was tenderness in them too, and something else, something a million times stronger than any glimpse of rejection Dean had given Castiel back in the forest.
“Yeah, sure,” Ellen interjected. “Piece of cake, let me just go round the corner and bring you fresh blood,” she scoffed. “You think it’s that easy to find more people?”
A large ray passed right at eye level, and Cas brought his hand to his chest, fingers gripping and crumpling his gray tee.
They made their way to the bedroom at a clumsy, fervent pace, impatiently removing their clothes as they went. By the time the back of Dean’s knees collided with the bed and he buckled backward with Cas on top of him, they were both naked, firm, burning skin rubbing against skin. Dean needed this so much; he wanted it all, had yearned for it for a year, had thought he would never get to have this again. It was heavenly and intense as fuck, enough to have tiny tears prickle at his eyes.
“Wha—” Dean started, finally rounding the corner to be faced with what had made Cas freeze on the other side.
“I don’t see a watchtower from here,” Castiel interrupted. Which was a completely different tangent to what they were talking about but okay. That was something Castiel seemed to do when the conversation got the slightest bit uncomfortable. As much as it gave Dean fucking whiplash, he would gladly oblige as long as it took away some of Castiel’s worries. “I clearly saw one from the infirmary but not from here,” he carried on, oblivious to Dean’s confusion. His voice was filled with coldness, similar to when they were back in the infirmary. None of the amiability wrapping it just minutes ago. Castiel studied the outside view, a line of tension working the muscles in his shoulders. He reminded Dean of the soldiers from back in the day. Most of them had died in the war that followed the first years of the outbreak. Nearly all those who didn’t die were now part of the brainless faction they once tried to extinguish.
“Glad ‘m not the only one feelin’ shitty about it,” Dean confessed, closing his eyes when Castiel pulled him closer, arms tight around Dean’s shoulders.
Castiel grumbled at his side; he had cast his line no more than three feet away. “I don’t understand why we have to fish on a boat,” he grunted, pulling the line hastily. “The fluctuation it provides doesn’t appear to be the best approach.”
Dean gnawed on his lower lip, glancing at Cas’ fingers holding his one last time before reluctantly letting go. “Okay, but please be careful.”
They stared at each other for a long stretch of silence, and Dean was only mildly aware that the rest of the group was looking at them, waiting for the first one to give in.
Problems arose with the phones a lot of times, but Dean would call Sam most nights after work, even if they had already seen each other during the day, which was almost every day.
The bulk of the explosion that had engulfed Dean’s body expanded rapidly through the growing crater, the blue flames caging Dean at the epicenter. The concussive force of the resulting shockwave, tossing everyone to the ground like limp ragdolls. The sound of the nearby stands collapsing and the popping of splintering wood from the surrounding buildings filled the clearing as the beacon of blue grew stronger.
Cas groaned, deep and long, the vibrations meeting Dean’s mouth as he swallowed Cas whole, burying his nose in Cas’ pubic hair as he held eye contact. Cas’ blues were swallowed by black; a thin layer of sweat covered his flushed skin as he gasped shallow breaths. Dean swallowed around Cas’ cock, breathing through his nose, fighting the urge to gag, proud of the strangled noises Cas made in return. Cas threw his head back, hand pressing at the nape of Dean’s neck, forcing him to stay there. Dean obliged, eyes watering, the rawness of it all making his cock hang heavy and thick against the fabric of his pants. The filthiest sounds filled the space, and Dean decided then and there that he could do this for the rest of his days. He never particularly enjoyed giving head before; this time, though, the idea of providing Cas so much pleasure was incentive enough to make a bead of precum stain the fabric of his pants.
Dean felt his stomach drop. It had been years since the last time he had lost control like this, with each vision of the pit and the dark figure getting more vivid as the years went by. Everything seemed so real, the screams, the sickly burn, that voice, and the threat in it, filled with so much cold and hatred. It made the fear of going back there almost as unbearable as the destruction Dean had to face when he returned. He hadn’t killed anyone since his parents, and the thought of killing both Charlie and Bela was enough to make him want to throw up.
Cas let go again to open up his door and Dean’s fingers clenched on air, missing the way Cas’ palm felt against his, anchoring him to a sense of
Most nights were busy, filled with the sound of washing dishes clinking together, Jo behind the bar mixing drinks, and Ellen chasing the drunkest customers away. Dean and a few others had offered to give Ellen a hand now that Jo was no longer there to help. Though, ever since Jo’s death, the shifts weren’t as busy because no one wanted to put too much on Ellen’s shoulders. Now, most of the time, only a few people were scattered around the various wooden tables, drinking home-brewed beer or whatever other alcohol they had managed to scavenge.
They finally gave their orders. “On the house,” Charlie squealed, grinning at a mildly perplexed and pink-flushed Cas. Dean was waffling between strawberry-filled cheesecake or vanilla French toast, but ended up ordering blueberry pancakes and black coffee. Cas opted for buttered garlic-roasted slices of bread and a cranberry fruit drink that Charlie promised would taste as if it had just come fresh out of the garden.
I’ve been getting the most amazing feedback from people saying how much this fic means to them and how sad they are that this is coming to an end.
The bedroom had felt huge at first, slowly furnished with wine-toned bedding covering a king sized-bed that sat perfectly centered, with red and black checkered pillows against the rosewood headboard. There were twin bedside tables and a wardrobe on the other side. The bathroom was small but had warm, running water at his disposal, which was an improvement from the fort.
Dean snorted, smacking Cas’ ass lightly before straddling his hips and settling on top of him. He squeezed a generous amount of oil to his palm and smeared both hands with it before focusing on Cas’ back.
The rest of Castiel’s week followed a tranquil, mellow pace, with his days spent training the others in his machete classes or taking care of the gardening with Sarah. His nights devoted to Dean’s prayers, in the comfort of their bedroom or snuggled in the library, book at hand, with Dean filling his head to keep him company.
For a few faltering moments, Dean just sat there, watching the man slowly curl up into a ball, face buried between his knees, his high cheekbones and strong jaw scrunching for a moment before it faded into a sigh of relief.
“And you’re a brain about veggies too? Why am I not surprised?” Dean crossed his arms, watching Cas do his cute little head tilt, his smile disarming enough to keep Dean going, “Is there anything you're not good at?” the flirtatious words came out easily as he followed Cas between the patches of green rows of potatoes.
“Thank you,” Cas choked up, emotions lacing his voice with a deepness that sent a warm shiver down Dean’s spine.
“No problem.” He closed the first-aid kit box. “What do the assholes want with you anyway? This Lucifer guy and his minions.”
The struggle to go on living was overwhelming. Facing people’s smiles in the morning, a couple’s show of affection in the dining hall, the way the sun kept shining every day, bright and suffocating, rising each morning to give way to the moon at night as the Earth kept spinning. The world was moving, but Dean felt stuck, a constant heaviness in his chest, a lump permanently stuck in the back of his throat reminding him he would never be the same.
“I can fix it, Dean! The demon plague, the annihilation of humankind. My sacrifice will make it right. I have to do it. I can’t be selfish.”
That finally cleared the haze in Castiel’s mind, pulling him from drifting in the helplessness of his thoughts. Castiel looked up. Lucifer was on the ground, clinging to his chest, shallow, laborious pants escaping his lungs. Whatever connection he had to Dean when he gave him Lucifer’s mark had sealed his fate when Castiel had stabbed Dean. Lucifer was weak; if Castiel wanted to defeat him, this was his opportunity.
“Surely.” She turned, grabbing the black Canon EOS R camera on top of the entryway table. “There you go. Thank you for lending it to us.”
“You’re Castiel, I’ve been looking everywhere for you,” Dean found himself saying. That admission would earn him flushed cheeks and an embarrassed rub at the back of his neck if not for the way Castiel was smiling at him. A full smile, with lines webbing from the corner of his eyes and long dimples digging in his cheeks, plump lips stretching and illuminating his whole face.
Cas kept mostly to himself every time they were with the group, and Dean took it as his mission to decipher every micro-change in his face. The way he tilted his head when he was confused, or the way his brows furrowed when the conversation demanded more concentration. The only times Cas seemed to be fully at ease was when he was hidden in the library or when they were by themselves.
Their first disagreement was during Cas’ first cold. Dean insisted that Castiel should take the day off, but Cas stood firm in going out to help Sarah.
I wanna thank everyone for sticking around so far even though both Dean and Cas have made a few questionable decisions.
“I'll make a vow when I give you my mark. Any vow made under the passage of the mark must be fulfilled.”
“That was the council’s decision, not Cas’.” Dean moved forward, positioning himself beside Cas and in full view of Cole.
“Castiel is a mer. That’s how he managed to save my ass in the middle of that fucking storm.” Dean squeezed his eyes shut. “It all makes sense now.”
Castiel reached out, feeling the raindrops pool in his hand before rolling down his palm to join the others sprinkling the ground with a constant soothing staccato. Lightning cut through the sky, silencing the rain for an instant with a matching thunderclap roaring its arrival in the distance.
“It’s not too far,” he replied, fixing his eyes on a spot in the sky somewhere behind Dean’s shoulder. “I’m perfectly capable of—”
The man glanced over his shoulder; the light behind him wavered through the smoke, making his face shine where the light hit his skin. He sighed mournfully and shook his head. “I don’t know what’s wrong with you.” His expression grew softer as their gaze met, and Dean found himself averting his eyes.
This is one of those that are usually my favs because it’s full of angst but it’s very sweet as well. So hopefully you’ll like that combination as much as I did while writing this one.
There was a loud thud, the banging of bodies rolling around; Jo choked out a yelp, the sound coming out strangled as she gagged and gasped, before the sound of choking returned.
Bobby helped him sit against the headboard, filling a glass from the bedside table with water before giving it to him. Dean drank it all in one gulp, then handed the glass back to Bobby for a refill.
“I did the normal things for a kid, the same as you, I suppose.” Dean arched a brow. “I mean, you’re about my age, so—”
“Don’t worry, I’m sure they’re fine,” Sam replied in response to Dean’s searching eyes. “Otherwise, we would be hearing the alarm by now.”
Once she was done, he took the final product carefully in his hands. Dean closed his eyes and inhaled wistfully the bouquet of white daffodils. “This is beautiful. Thank you, Meg.”
“Yeah, Sammy’ll lose it over these.” Dean grinned, only pulling his eyes from the books when Jody hushed him.
The abundance of water lilies in the three lakes that framed the port town had given Lilyville its name. It was corny as hell, but Dean still found himself curling his lips into a smile whenever he gave that piece of information to any newcomer visiting The Roadhouse.
Dean placed his hands on the ground on either side of his head, trying not to scare the angel who seemed ready to flee at any second. “Sorry, man. I thought this was mutual, but if you’re not into it.”
Cas frowned down, studying Sam’s hand for a moment long enough to speed up Dean’s heartbeat. He released his breath when Cas shook Sam’s hand, a small smile playing at his lips. “Likewise.”
“I have so much to tell you. I don’t even know where to start.” Dean absently drummed his fingers on the counter, trying to sort out his thoughts racing a mile a minute. “I guess, thank you, is a good place to start.” He leaned forward, feeling like a complete fool when he extended his hand for Castiel to shake. The gesture seemed too formal between them somehow, as if there weren’t all these layers of connection between them that surpassed all formalities.
Sam was on the other side, toothbrush in hand, his hair disheveled and forehead creased, mouth set in a hard line as he paced back and forth the width of the corridor.
Castiel sat up and Dean met him halfway. The kiss was tender and they moved slowly, tongues sliding together as they melted in each other’s arms. “I really wanted to see you too,” Castiel whispered into his lips when they parted for air. “Been meaning to for the past year.” Plump lips found Dean’s again, parting for him, allowing him to explore with reverent tongue and tentative teeth, capturing his breath as if Dean was on the verge of drowning all over again with Cas his anchor, his lifeline, pulling him from underwater.
“They’re all locked away from the sea.” Cas pulled back, locking his liquid blues on Dean’s and causing something to break inside him. “They’re all alone, unable to go back home.” New tears leaked from the edges of his eyes, a warm and wet puff of air caressing Dean’s skin across the small gap separating their faces. “They’re… they’re like me. All alone. With no one… there’s no one—”
Dean found himself pushed against the lockers, hidden from the corridor they had just stood in a few moments before. “Look,” Dean panted, a little out of breath. “I’m not opposed to kinky stuff bu—”
Once on the beach, Castiel pulled the man away from the water, dragging both of them at a slower pace than Castiel would have liked. Frustration seeped through his pores as he fought against his tail and his lack of agility on land. He carelessly dropped his backpack beside the man, and the bag hit the sand and burst open, spilling water lilies all around them.
But before he had a chance to do it, Cas beat him to the punch; he sent Dean a knowing look, asking for Claire’s permission before sitting beside her.
Dean’s eyes followed the movement, and for a moment, it looked like he was going to kiss Castiel again. He pressed his eyes closed and groaned. “I need to go,” he said, pulling away, gently putting Castiel down and pressing their foreheads together.
Most of all, Dean hated himself the moment those words were out, the moment something inside Cas broke.
“I’m sorry…” Castiel turned and left the room. And he truly was. For being a coward, for the possibility of making Dean experience the kind of rejection Castiel had seen in the human’s eyes back in the forest. For not being able to stop his endless loop of running away whenever he felt close to building ties again. But the chance of getting hurt again was enough to chase him away. His kin used to say he had come out with a crack in the chassis, and now, as he closed their bedroom door behind him, for the first time, Castiel believed them.
Castiel stared for a moment, eyes glimmering with amusement and something else Dean couldn’t quite put his finger on.
“Yeah, at least in here you don’t have to put up with my smell,” Dean scoffed, squirming slightly in his spot when Cas’ gaze fell on him. It was a habit people always gave him crap about — putting himself down — but he couldn’t help it.
The early morning sun was just beginning to warm the air by the time they reached the plateau of rocks outside of Dean’s favorite cave. Its rocky, gleaming surface welcomed them inside, but there was no time to stop.
Dean needed to stop giving himself whiplash with how all over the place his thoughts were lately. Cas was a merman and Dean didn’t get involved with merfolk. They had slept together once; nothing deeper needed to come from that. It had been great, but it was over. Dean had done it before — one-night stands with no strings attached. He could do the same with Cas.
Cas gave a slight head tilt, a soft frown furrowing his brows as his hand came out from under their blanket to splay against Dean’s chest. “Your heartbeat is increasing.” The frown dug deeper as Cas studied Dean, hand slipping down Dean’s stomach. “You’re warm too; if I didn’t know any better, I would say your condition is about to be activated.”
The beam shot from Dean’s body only to collapse in on itself to pierce through him as if he was being impaled on a spear. The large radiant streak of fire extended up into the clouds and deep into the earth.
“Here.” Castiel pressed his fingers to Dean’s forehead, and in a blink, their clothes were clean again.
Dean was probably blushing a bright pink color as Cas continued to stare at him, the intensity of it all filling his lungs with nothing but water. Dean forced himself to gaze back, counting his breaths against the lack of air because, despite his denial, Cas was saying all the right things. It shouldn’t matter, because Cas was still a mer, but as they watched each other, the lump of hopelessness in his throat ebbed.
“Oh yeah.” She laughed. “That usually comes with it. The butterflies in your stomach, the sweaty palms, the racing heart? That’s all part of falling in love, my friend.” She patted his back. “But you’ll get used to it in no time, don’t you worry.”
Dean’s eyes burned with tears. His vision blurring as the sharp twists of agony shot down his body. He gulped; just like the times before, he just needed to wait a moment, trusting his necklace to do its job and keep it all on the inside.
Dean took his time showering as indolent as the lazy sun peeking over the horizon with silvery-white clouds gliding almost imperceptibly against it.
Dean chuckled. “That’s good to know, but I meant, how are you alive?” Dean tightened his hold around Cas’ waist. “How are you here in my arms right now?”
Opening his eyes, Dean pulled out his gun. His fingers knew what to do, already contracting around the gun’s grip at the realization of what came next. There was no making it better; there was no ‘what ifs’, not with the already swollen teeth marks imprinted on the dark-haired’s skin. Dean was too late. Now, the only thing left to do was have the decency to provide a merciful death.
“Everything?” Kevin let out a deep, slow sigh and crossed his arms in front of his chest. “I didn’t take you for the
“Oh!” Dean shrilled, and damn his voice for betraying him like this; he should have known, if Cas had never kissed before, it would be less likely that he had done the deed. “Do you mean—”
Dean sighed into his chair and couldn’t help but smile wider, trying not to look too relieved and proud. The group had returned to their previous conversations when Dean noticed the blue eyes tender on him, watching him across the table.
“Friggin’ finally,” the short, mullet-wearing guy turned, grabbing a clean pair of jeans paired with a gray shirt on the way out. “I need alcohol. And my sweet, sweet beauties.”
I wish to see you too, he wanted to say, but stopped himself from doing so. He didn’t want to burden Dean when he had more important things to deal with right now. When his life could be on the line if he didn’t remain focused on the task at hand.
“We’ll cover them with towels before I bring you.” Dean dismissed Cas’ refusal. “Just… let me do this for you. I promise I won’t get handsy.” He sent his best smirk and a wink for good measure, hoping the joke and reassurance were enough to convince Cas.
Most people had arrived at the entrance of the main building of the fort when Castiel got there. The small group that had left for the supply run was still getting scanned, and until then, they would need to wait here to see them. Charlie was the first one to peek through the door, red hair stuffed in a green beret. Sam followed shortly after, burying himself in Sarah’s arms.
The loud bang on the door made both of them jump in surprise. “Hey, lovebirds, it’s time to go!” Charlie’s voice rang out from the other side of the wooden surface.
Castiel stroked hard and fast, feeling his own swollen cock steadily leaking fluid into the fabric of his pants as Dean moaned loudly and let out breathy little whimpers.
“The Croat must have dropped it before following you down,” Charlie provided before Dean had the chance to ask.
Cas shook his head, before taking Sam’s hand. “Your hospitality has been more than I could expect, thank you.”
And Dean usually would look away from such intensity, and he would run for the hills at such words. With any other person, he would. But not with Cas, never with him. And it would be bullshit to say he didn’t feel the same way.
Dean gritted his teeth, weapon raised, something behind his ribs breaking as he aimed at the man he had come to call, Blue-eyes. No matter how many times he wished for the best, life always ended up replying with a major
Dean was right. They all loved Cas, and the fact that there was food involved was just the cherry on top.
Dean curled the flat of his tongue along his length and maintained a steady suction as Castiel fucked his face. Castiel thrust forward, holding Dean there for a moment. His nose was nestled in the dark, curly hairs at the base of Castiel’s dick, his lovely cheeks hollowing out with the effort before Castiel let him pull almost completely off. Dean suckled at the crown and repeated the process, continuing the ruthless pace, breathing through his nose, working his throat muscles so that he could swallow around him. Castiel could feel it building almost to the point of too much, his balls tightening just as Dean pulled away with a satisfied grin.
It burned at first; it had been a year, and Cas wasn’t small by any measure, so Dean allowed his body to ease into the ample invasion before nodding, his nose nuzzling Cas’ cheek. “Move, baby.”
Cigarettes, Dean thought mournfully, had to count as a small victory, even though he couldn’t stand the smell of them. They had found a tobacco factory nearby, and Jody, along with a couple of others, always made a point of stopping by whenever they were out on a supply run.
“Castiel, get your ass moving!” Sam screamed somehow behind the fog of Castiel’s thoughts. “Lucifer is down! Now is your chance. Castiel!”
Bobby was drenched in sweat by the time Dean met up with him, and Dean wasn’t a bit sorry. Not that he minded to give a hand, he more than welcomed it. But Dean was pretty sure Bobby had called him for more than just to fix the damned turbine.
Sam was one of the proud teachers there, and Bobby had decided to take a much-needed retirement, helping Ellen in his free time at the local bar they had named The Roadhouse in honor of what she had started in the fort when Jo was still alive.
wave of hands from the younger doctor. Dean had offered to give a hand in the moving, but Kevin was adamant that both he and Missouri be in charge of the moving themselves. Dean had bitten the inside of his cheek, a witty comeback ready on his tongue, but he let it slide when he noticed the dark circles under Kevin’s eyes. He wasn’t the only one staying after hours to watch over the newcomer. Kevin had been there as well, making sure their secret stayed that way.
His brows drew together. “I know…” Dean conceded, watching a Croat roaming along the sidewalk, blocking the view to the tattered sign that welcomed them into the city. It stretched its half-eaten arm and ragged olive green shirt towards the trucks as they left the bridge.
“Okay, so here are our options.” Charlie stood in front of the TV, two cassettes in her hands. “We have Star Wars: A New Hope,” she announced, raising one of them. “Or we can watch Indiana Jones: Raiders of the Lost Ark. Which one will it be?” she asked in the most serious tone Dean had ever heard her use.
Now that they were back, Dean couldn’t regret the decision of going to Agora; he just hoped it wouldn’t all come back to bite them in the ass.
A surge of pride filled Dean’s chest as they walked the streets. It reminded him why he had decided to stay in town even though his parents were killed here.
“Paradise?” Dean provided. And it really looked like one. The garden took up all the back area of the fort, and with the steady increase of warm weather and sunny days, the crops brimmed with lush greens and vivid scents. A stray butterfly flew past them, as Cas smiled at numerous bees flying from flower to flower and the melody of numerous birds chanting their happiness at the rays of sunshine. “You should have seen this four years ago,” Dean continued. “It was a mess. Ever since Sarah arrived here, the garden took a one hundred and eighty-degree turn. We’re one step away from being self-sufficient. We still struggle, especially in the winter. But I’m hoping that will change this summer.”
Dean was three the first time he had lost control. He had always been a curious kid, as his father used to say, curious enough to stretch himself high on his tiptoes to grab the carving knife forgotten on the counter. He had been lucky, at least he hadn’t died, and when you put it like that, it doesn’t seem so bad — just a small cut on his finger, deep enough to draw blood and a wave of tears streaming from surprised eyes, confused by such a new feeling. He had never cut himself before, never really got hurt either. A few bumps, but nothing too serious, never that sharp, white cold pain that hits the lungs as fast as it does the brain. He staggered back with a sobbing yelp, but it was too late then. By the time he opened his eyes again, he was motionless on the floor, his mother’s face coming into focus as she urged him to talk to her. “Mommy,” had been all he had managed to give before the strong, sharp smell of smoke invaded his nose. Moments later, they were by the porch, men Dean didn’t know rushed inside as Mary talked to him about something he couldn’t understand. The explosion that had destroyed the kitchen would eventually be classified as an accident.
“Ever since I’ve fallen, I didn’t want to…” he cut off. “I was afraid that this much emotion would make me lose control of my grace. Besides, there was never really anyone who made me… want to.” Cas’ fingers had found their way to the nape of Dean’s neck and were lazily playing with the short strands of hair at the base, and Dean let his eyes slip shut briefly before opening them again when Cas pulled back just enough to look down at him. A seriousness laced Cas’ expression and darkened his eyes. “I don’t want to hurt you.”
“You’ve done so much for me already. And I’m healed now. It’s not fair that I keep bothering you like this.”
Once he could see each point of the inverted pentagram far below he took the opposite direction, plummeting as fast as he could.
Once at home, they found their own pace around each other as they got ready for dinner at Bobby’s. After all these weeks living together, it was natural to them nowadays, sharing the bathroom to shave together. Dean had his own en-suite but he preferred the light of the shared bathroom to trim his stubble. That was the official excuse he told Cas, anyway. Truth was, he just loved how cozy it was — their arms brushing together as they rinsed and washed off the shaving cream, stealing glances across the mirror, softly smiling at each other as Dean brought his thumb to Cas’ cheek to clean a spot he had missed. It felt like home, like Cas had always belonged there with him.
“Just stay for a few more days, dude,” Charlie chimed in from where she was leaning against one of the counters. “At least ‘til you can walk without looking like you’re about to break apart like a porcelain doll.”
Jody laughed, wiping her hands on her pants before getting up. “Anyway, I should get going. Don’t forget to give her the news before she loses it for good.”
“He said he needed to do some research. But if you ask me, he was probably just dying to see Sarah.”
and one last look at Ben, Dean and Jo set off to the center of the field and the red truck’s clearing.
“It’s almost healed,” Missouri said, nodding to the bandage — most of the damaged tissue had healed, giving way to pink, tender-looking skin and the faintest of a scar. The dressing was mostly just to hide the evidence of the bite. “That got you pretty bad. But… you’re still you,” she said tentatively, sending a quick glance to Charlie, not giving words to the friggin’ elephant in the room, but making Dean’s head snap at her all the same.
He was attempting to dry his hair, leaving it still slightly damp and all kinds of ruffled when he laid his towel over his shoulders, mouth making a subtle ‘o’ when he saw Dean. From the bedroom came a misty scent of burning maple leaves with a hint of sweetness. It smelled like one of the girly-scented shampoos Dean used to tease Sammy for using, but with Cas? Somehow, it mingled just right with his musky scent and made Dean want to bask in it. Cas was wearing soft-looking pajama pants and an old, faded tee with a bee printed on it with the words ‘Bee kind’ underneath. He looked ready for bed, and Dean could see himself following Cas beneath the covers, threading his fingers through the strands of dark hair to fix the mess left behind by the towel, covering each inch of his heavenly scented body with his lips before murmuring sweet nothings into the shell of Cas’ ear until they were both wearing matching looking grins and—
“It seems like it,” Cas replied with a frown of his own. He pulled at it sharply, but it remained caught somewhere beneath the surface of the water. He jerked the line again, once, twice, harder and stronger each time, his muscles clenching visibly beneath his shirt.
“I’m better on my own,” the man said shortly. “And you should do the same before you get someone killed.”
A thin layer of sweat covered Cas’ torso as he sped his thrusts into Dean’s hold. “Dean.” His voice emerged shakily. “Dean,” he echoed, in the most perfectly wrecked tone, and it was better than Dean ever imagined. His eyes snapped open to lock on Dean’s.
“And your name. You know Castiel is quite unusual but try searching for it without anything else to go by.” Dean huffed. “If you knew the kind of assholes that share your name, you’d be scarred for life.”
“Dean?” came the sleepy tone as Cas leaned closer, brushing his nose on the tufts of hair at the nape of Dean’s neck, body nestled against Dean’s back, solid and warm, lips ever so slightly touching Dean’s neck as he spoke, “Is something wrong?”
. Secondly, he hated to be confined, which was an imposition seeing that Dean was bound to the bed in the infirmary. After that many friggin’ days, he would have come to dread the damned white walls if not for the specks of blue that were always present in his waking hours. Cas was there to stay, for now at least, and that thought comforted Dean more than anything.
“Not to mention the lack of blood on the inside,” Bobby added, glancing at Dean through narrowed eyes.
Dean tried to move, fingers clutching tight around the First Blade, his free hand digging sharp nails into tender skin covered in frostbite. Dean faced the sky, eyes forcibly shut, fighting the single-minded flames trying to get free. Without looking, he could feel the clouds moving. The air seemed to change around him, and he clenched his jaw as a biting and brisk enough to crack and dry his lips exhale tried to flee from his mouth.
“I’m sorry…” Dean sobbed, kneeling to cling to his mommy through Bobby’s jacket. “I didn’t mean to mommy… I didn’t mean to…” he repeated over and over again as Bobby pulled him away from Mary and hugged him tight against his chest.
Cas shifted, dragging Dean along with him, carefully laying Dean on his back, drawing close to curl into Dean’s side before hiding his face into Dean’s neck. “If I knew it meant the same for you as it did for me, I would have come sooner,” he mumbled into Dean’s skin.
— to go to the grocery store. When he got back, he heard the shower running, so he brought the bags to the kitchen, putting everything in the cupboards and fridge.
He opened the bathroom’s door before his mind could come up with an explanation for the commotion coming from the bedroom.
They waited for the sounds to die out for what seemed like hours and jumped out of the dumpster right after Dean confirmed the path was clear, racing in the opposite direction from where the Croats had disappeared.
Castiel tightened his grip on Dean’s hair and urged him to take him into his mouth, assisting with a lazy roll of his hips. Dean complied, enclosing Castiel’s cock with his full, plush lips, before starting to bob on his erection, using one hand to caress the angel’s balls, the other chasing the tight ring of his lips, up and down, repeating the motion until he set a relentless pace. Castiel closed his eyes, heat pooling deep in his groin, intensifying with each slide of Dean’s mouth.
“Oh!” Castiel frowned slightly, and Dean couldn’t refrain from pressing his lips between Cas’ eyebrows until the crease was gone. “Well, God resurrected me.”
“Thank you, Captain Obvious,” Dean replied as he nursed his beer. “But unless we’re due for a miracle, in a town like this I doubt I’ll find anyone who isn’t still in their diapers or a homicidal psycho undercover.”
Instead he nodded, hoping the curve of lips he managed and the gaze he held tight were enough to convey everything his words lacked.
“Still…” Cas looked up from the book and met Dean’s eyes again, his face haunted with weariness; there was something else there too, but Dean couldn’t quite put his finger on it.
The walk of shame and the dirty looks Rowena sent him were hazy beneath the crushing feeling of wrongness threatening to swallow Dean whole.
Here we go! You were all shocked with last week’s cliffhanger and I totally get you. Lucifer sucks! Let’s see how both Dean and Cas process last chapter’s revelation…
“To serve as a backup in case things go belly up. You don’t need to remind me; I helped write them, remember?”
Agora had proven to be a success against Dean’s worst fears. An old state prison nestled in the far south of the country, it took them a week to get there, with only the briefest of stops when necessary. It was one of the oldest and last standing black markets Dean knew. They had made their way in as quietly and undetectable as possible. Out there, everyone was a potential enemy worse than the Croats themselves. After careful inspection and some trades that had left them with their pockets full, they had left the place with three new recruits — Arthur Ketch, Mick Davies, and Serena Colman. Men of Letters, they called themselves, studiers of the Croatoan virus, amongst other things. Dean was still wary of them, but Sam had convinced him they would be an excellent addition to the Keeper since they not only had knowledge on subjects like diseases of unknown origins but were also good at hand-to-hand combat.
Probably scenting Dean’s distress, Cas’ voice came out small. “I—I’m not going to hurt you…” A vulnerability clogged every edge and dip of Cas’ words, deeply blended with the fear that Dean could see him as a monster.
By the time his parents were convinced of the stone's powers, the image of blue eyes and tan trench coat was already fading from his mind, buried deep inside the blood-curdling screams filling their nights and the gruesome sights staining their days. The dead were rising, and the human race quickly headed to extinction, but at least armored with his necklace Dean wouldn't be a burden to the ones he loved.
The pang in Dean’s chest flared, fiery tendrils snaked along his spine and scorched through his brain to send him into the nightmarish world of darkness inside him. Without the necklace to keep it under control, the flames grew mercilessly inside him, dragging him into the prison of hell his consciousness always went to whenever he lost control. The black haze gave way to red and agonizing screams.
He started distributing hugs all around, eyes searching, looking for something, trying to sneak a peek over shoulders and everyone else’s heads, until they landed on Castiel, all the way in the back. Castiel smiled as their gaze found each other in an abiding sort of breathtaking way. Castiel stood still, urging his legs not to move, not wanting to intrude on his friends’ welcoming party.
“Fuck,” Dean rasped out. Bile rose hot and acidic in the back of his throat, filling his mouth with a salty, bitter taste. He couldn’t move, could barely inhale; his tongue felt too big for his mouth, his lungs too tight and trapped behind his ribcage. The horror he had just witnessed seemed too hideous to be real. “How… w—what the hell just happened?”
With a garrison at his command, he had been invincible, indestructible, the greatest commander to ever exist. With no real feelings to stand in his way and a loyalty dedicated to his kind alone, no one stood a chance against him and the ones under his command.
“Dean?” The sound of the radio broke from his waist, a stark contrast from the fragile quietude filling the van just seconds before. “Are you there?” Charlie’s voice cut through the static.
Despite the few Croats in the far distance, the sun and the quiet seemed to promise to evaporate Dean’s anxiety over Cas’ talk about leaving. And, sure, having Cas by his side also helped to ease Dean’s worries, with his cheeks warmed pink by the sunlight and the cute little webs on the bridge of his nose as he squinted at the water and waited for the fish to bite.
Sam snorted. “I’m happy for you.” A fumbling sound filled the line before Dean heard the sound of gulping. “So, when am I meeting him? Or is it too soon for the ‘boyfriend meets family’ step?”
Dean was breathing hard from the effort to push forward and break through the liquid walls pushing him away from
I also want to take a moment to thank my beta reader for being so crucial to the final version of each chapter. And specially for helping these last chapters look somehow decent and coherent when my mind and muse have been all over the place these past few weeks. I wouldn’t have made it without her support!!
‘Your Song’ by Elton John started playing, and Dean had a sudden, strong urge to smash the damned cassette player on the ground. Every few beats of the music, Dean would allow his gaze to find Cas dancing in the middle of the crowd, the petite brunette in his arms.
It was Thursday night and he was off from The Roadhouse early. The day had been slow and Dean was on his way to muffling his fortieth yawn when Ellen shooed him from behind the balcony with a “You’ll scare the few clients we have,” grumbled between teeth. “Me and Ash can handle it.” A secret shadow was concealed in her eyes as she all but kicked him out and sent him home.
“I know you paid for your brother’s studies with Bobby’s help. But it was mostly you. You and your brother have lived together since Sam came back from college. Before that you lived at the Salvage Yard since you were twelve, right after your parents—” he trailed off as if he had talked too much.
Dean hung up and stood, briefly watching himself in the mirror. A steady smile on his lips filled his vision, one he couldn’t remember seeing in a long time — one that reminded him when he was a kid, working with his dad on the Impala or helping his mother bake pie every Friday afternoon.
“I’m sorry you had to flee and leave all your loved ones behind,” Jess uttered, sorrow filling her voice as she covered Cas’ hand with her.
When Dean woke up, it was already dark outside. Slumped on the sofa and facing the ceiling, his mouth was half open with a crust of dried drool tracing his chin and a hand latched to the empty bottle half-lying on the floor.
Another shove sent Dean toppling through the water, turning him over and over, dragging him beneath the vessel. When the pull of the current slowed for a moment, he was disoriented; he had no idea which way was up or down, or how close he was to
“The question is, who are they looking for? Why should we bother listening to some strangers’ ramblings?” Jody spoke up.
Sarah had taken up gardening as her official job, working the community fields on the edge of the town with several other workers, cultivating the land under her direction.
“Don’t make me. Don’t make me go back there again…” Tears were falling loose, but Dean didn’t care. This had been the most realistic vision he had had in his entire life, and it scared him shitless.
Castiel was about to climb the first step of the staircase that led inside when he turned to Dean again. “Do you think it would be appropriate to give you a hug?”
Dean almost dropped the bowl of water, managing to balance it at the last second. “Well…” Dean gulped audibly, blushing furiously at the memory, the flush reaching his cheeks and the tip of his ears. He didn’t have a good comeback for that, so instead he busied himself pulling out the other tools he needed from the first-aid kit.
“One can only hold a feather of an angel if…” Castiel hesitated to say it out loud. What if it was a mistake, a sadistic trick of fate? What if Dean wasn’t ready? “If the beholder feels… an immense affection for the owner of the feather.”
“Go,” Sam stumbled in Castiel’s direction, choking helplessly as dust from the explosion began to settle. The hideous roar coming from the beam was so loud that Castiel almost missed his friend’s words, “Like we planned.”
“No way!” Dean shook his head quickly, voice loud enough to make Donna, who was currently struggling with fitting the sledgehammer in the passenger seat with her, turn her head at them.
“See you? I’ve looked for you like crazy for the past year.” An undertone of frustration effused into his voice. “I spent weeks driving Baby to chase after any hint of you.” He paused with his hands along Cas’ ribs. “You know you get seven hundred and sixty-one thousand hits if you google Castiel alone? And none of them were you.”
Dean shrugged, taking in Cas for a moment. Maybe this was a step too far and soon for Cas. It’s not like meeting Dean’s family needed to mean anything, but maybe Cas wasn’t comfortable with the prospect of being around them, especially after the aquarium fiasco.
He closed his eyes forcibly, feeling pretty much like a blushing fourteen-year-old talking to his crush.
“I’m pleased.” Castiel gave a small smile to the crown of Dean’s hair, shuddering when Dean moved to suck softly at the hollow of his neck, deep, hoarse breaths catching at Castiel’s skin as Dean tried to steady himself.
He crouched down on one knee, skimming his hand over the asperous gravestone. His fingers traced the engravings with both his parents’ names above their dates of birth and death, along with an ‘Until we meet again’ epitaph. It was a simple saying. At the time both brothers were too young to decide on anything else, and Bobby, who took care of it, was never much for the touchy-feely words. But Dean always thought this fit. The words were hopeful, bringing a positive note to their deaths, and even if most times Dean had a hard time seeing the bright side of things, he welcomed the intention.
When he finally pulled the car in front of the old Douglas County Fairgrounds in Lawrence and killed the engine, his muscles were so tense and knotted that he wasn’t sure he would be able to get out of the car. Dean closed his eyes and attempted to calm the shivers that racked his body despite the warm weather and the tepid night that had fallen upon him.
Dean exhaled in relief, all the muscles in his body relaxing. “Okay, then,” he said, melting back into Cas’ arms. “Then I’m happy, too.”
“He’s clear,” Victor announced to Sam, who immediately went back to his scribbles. “We’ve been running low on supplies. Something had to be done,” he said, eyes back on Dean.
They had tried to quarantine the first waves of the undead that broke in Europe, closing off their borders to prevent the infected from spreading. The Croatoan Virus proved highly infectious, though, and much smarter than all their strategies combined. Soon, millions of undead crawled across the country, driven by one purpose only — to feed, kill, and turn every human being in their path. The few survivors that remained had fled the cities to find refuge where they could.
“Dean?” Sam called out. Everyone had stopped talking and were looking at Dean like he was some kind of alien.
Dean scratched the back of his head. “Yeah, yeah, I know. Just doesn’t feel right taking his stuff when he’s still out of it.”
Castiel urged his muscles to push and propel himself forward, aching and throbbing under the strength of his tail’s thrusts.
The change was immediate. In the time it took Cas to release a gasp the tips of his ears changed too, away from the human round tips Dean was so used to, into the pointy mermaid-like tips that always drenched him in panic.
So here he was, with his Baby to keep him company and a half-ass plan to keep him going. It wasn’t much, and it would probably end with his death instead, but his list of fucks-given today had reached zero a few miles ago. If by chance, the plan backfired and he couldn’t end Lucifer, if the Devil and his minions took that shot away from Dean, he was ready to off himself instead of letting them use him against his family and friends. Going out with a bang wasn’t the worst way to go in Dean’s book.
“’m good,” Dean rasped, taking one last look at the window before leaving. “Let’s get out of here. I think we’ve earned ourselves a goddamn drink.”
take this. He found himself on his knees, on the floor, arms around his head, the letter clutched between his fingers.
“You said you did some research on me, right?” That should weird him out, but he understood it was the safer bet for Cas before jumping in to meet Dean, a complete stranger, face-to-face.
The group of nine was currently locked in the library around the large, central wooden table, the map Meg had left them at the center of the marble surface. Dean, Sam, Castiel, Bobby, Charlie, Ellen, Jody, Kevin, and Rufus all leaned over in a circle studying the map.
When Dean got home, his piano’s fall board was open and he wondered if he was not the only one practicing on his alone time. He carefully put the board down and checked the rest of the dimly-lit living room. Cas was taking up the sofa, stretched along the cushions. He was fast asleep, backlit by the warm glow of the lamp in the corner of the living room.
Dean had stared at him for the longest time, completely dumbstruck; he didn’t have the heart to tell him that he had been the one to cause the death of their parents. Only many years later did he muster up the courage to let Sam know, but again his brother surprised him with the echoed promise of their childhood — to find him a cure no matter what, eyes filled with respect and admiration that Dean knew he didn’t deserve.
“But Ellen made her specialty today, Dean. Lemon cookies. I’m sure you’re going to love it, just take a bite,” he coaxed, unaware of Dean’s complete meltdown beneath the covers.
So Dean surged forward before the communication between feet and brain could quite make it all the way through, hands cupping Cas’ face as he closed the last inches separating them and kissed Cas.
Why did Dean’s luck always run like this? He’d spent all the free seconds of his days by Blue-eyes’ side just to have him open his
“No need, they… followed a different direction. We’re in the clear,” Dean provided the white-lie, not taking his eyes off Castiel.
Dean left wordlessly, closing the door behind him to lean back on its wooden surface. He didn’t blame Kevin for the scorn spilling from his mouth, this disease had taken too much from every single one of them, and Kevin had never been the same since his mother’s death. After a blow like that, it was hard to hope for something better, and that maybe sometimes, if you believe hard enough, dreams can come true.
“Y’idjit. Don’t y’know how to knock?” He scrambled along the dirt, and soon after, Dean was face to face with the grumpy, old man he had learned to love like a father. Bobby cleaned his face with a rag, managing to smudge his oil-stained face even further. “D’you have any idea of how much of a mess you left the truck in on your last run?” He pointed a wrinkled finger at Dean. “You’re lucky ‘m around.”
“What if it was me?” she pleaded. “Wouldn’t you want someone to help me too? Besides, what harm can she do against the two of us?”
Dean had told him what happened when he got hurt without the necklace to keep the fire monster at bay. Once he was done, he waited for his brother’s reaction, breath stuck in his lungs, so sure that Sammy would just get up and run away. But instead of looking at Dean like the freak he was, Sam had promised he would find a way to heal the
“So, what this means,” Rufus pointed with a finger to the red mark on the map, “is that they want us to meet at the old Douglas County Fairgrounds in Lawrence.”
It was Sunday, and both Cas and Dean had their day off, so Sam and Jess had asked them to go on a trip.
“There’s no us, Dean.” Castiel shut his eyes to Dean’s flinch, just a second of reprieve before he gazed at Dean again. “This is my burden to take. There’s no need for you all to endanger yourself—”
“Yeah, whatever.” Dean shook his head and pointed at the scanning center’s wide gate they had just crossed. “What took you so long?”
“I am…” he agreed. Dean grasped Cas’ shirt with white-knuckled fingers. “Don’t fucking go anywhere.”
Kevin stared at Dean for a few uncomfortable beats, probably deciding if Dean had gone insane. “You shouldn’t have brought him here,” he stated finally. “You’re putting the whole group at risk.”
“Cas… please.” Damn, they had barely started, and Dean was already begging. To his utter embarrassment, he wasn’t sure he would last very long.
“Hey, how about sharing a little?” he protested, eyes back to Cas’ teddy-bear hug around the pillow.
Castiel smeared a considerable amount of lube along his fingers before settling himself between Dean’s legs. “Tell me if at any point I hurt you, and I’ll stop immediately,” he said, timbre rumbly and low.
Cas raised himself to look at Dean. “I— I didn’t hurt you, did I?” His voice came out panicked and raw. “Are you alright? Was I too—”
“What?!” Dean grasped the edge of the counter to stop himself from grabbing Cas by the arm and forcing him to stay. “No! You just got here. How—”
Dean bit the inside of his cheek. He had eventually told Sam about Cas being on the run, he had even admitted Cas had killed one of his kind to save his life. Even though Sam had raised a mini-hell at the beginning, he had come to accept Dean wanting to harbor a fugitive, when that said fugitive was Cas, the one who had saved Dean’s life a year ago.
Castiel didn’t need to ask who, wings fluffing up as he rushed to the bathroom, put on some of Dean’s burrowed clothes — a green and blue flannel shirt and jeans — and just ran.
Dean snorted. “Good for you. My brother is always bitching with me to drink more water. He would be proud of you.”
Six glasses of beer and three whiskeys later, Dean was on his way to agreeing with Sam’s words, that or finding them extremely funny for no fucking reason.
Dean smiled, a genuine one. “Guess I came right in time,” he said, immediately regretting his words. His eyes darted to the bite mark poisoning any shred of optimism he might have.
A smile curled one side of Castiel’s mouth as he looked up from Riot to Dean. “I assume that is a yes.”
The reminder made him grab for the bottle, his face pinching when he noticed it was empty. He had started drinking once he had gotten home and only stopped when his mind was too numb for him to keep going; his only relief was being rendered unconscious and senseless in a blissful alcohol coma. He only got up to take a leak or grab another bottle to keep the process going. And he wasn’t ready to fuck up that brilliant plan yet.
“Kinda rude to leave without saying goodbye,” he tried aiming for nonchalance despite how dejected he felt inside.
Dean could feel Cas’ thighs trembling with the effort to remain still as he worked Cas’ erection with a firm grip and a teasing tongue, grazing his teeth over the shaft a few times. His lips wrapped around Cas’ head, his tongue flicking and swirling around the tip before he glided the tunnel of his lips along the velvety skin, keeping the suction tight on the way down, taking Cas deeper with each bob of his head. The weight of Cas’ shaft against his tongue, the scent of Cas’ musk, and the sinful noises coming from Cas’ lips sent blood rushing to his dick. His tongue traced along the throbbing veins as he pulled away, the bitter saltiness hitting his tastebuds as he twirled it around the head.
“No worries, I’m sure it’s just a case of low blood sugar. You said you haven’t eaten in a while, isn’t that so?”
“I…” Castiel tilted his head, eyebrows knitting close together in thought. “Since I fell. Which was a few hours ago.”
Dean moaned, blinking at the ceiling to keep the fresh tears at bay as Cas’ mouth latched onto one of his nipples.
Cas’ nails scraped along Dean’s neck before pulling at his hair, forcing Dean to tilt his head so that Cas could work down his neck.
gesture, temporarily forgetting he still had the handcuffs on. “So…” He let his hands fall back down while Victor kept checking for bite marks. “How’s things around here?”
They had decided to stay near the edge of the forest, far from prying eyes, yet away from the density of trees that could camouflage any nearby Croats. But not even the way Baby’s engine purred beneath him was enough to work past the lump of anxiety lodged in Dean’s throat or ease the wetness of his palms around the wheel.
“No, the mark isn’t there anymore. It was connected to Lucifer; it must have disappeared the moment Lucifer was gone.”
The guy raised his gun at Dean but before he could fire, Castiel elbowed him in the crotch. The merman bent down, gasping. Cas took the opportunity to spin around, rising to his feet and smacking the hand holding the gun to turn the weapon toward the ceiling and away from Dean.
Cas’ eyes were pulled from the sky to regard Dean instead. “I miss the salty smell. Though I still have you to compensate for that.” A puckish smile blossomed across his face and Dean couldn’t help the way his heart made a backflip in his chest. “I miss the touch of cold water, the endless blue all around.” There were cute little crinkles webbing out of his nose as he gave some more thought to the matter. Dean wished he could cross the space between them to kiss them away. “I miss… bubbles,” Cas said at last.
The visions were nothing but faint at first when he was little, like they had been awakened from a long slumber, but gradually they got stronger, more vivid, and with each time Dean lost control, it got harder to believe those visions weren’t real.
“Hmm?” Castiel looked up. Bobby, Sam, Dean, and Charlie were looking at him, expecting an answer. “Apologies. I was just—”
Dean gulped hard, instinctively taking a step back when an unmistakable, deep growl sounded behind the door, followed by the threatening sound of nails scratching the wooden surface.
Dean kept his pace through the crystal-clear waters until he reached the floor. He took a couple of shots of the hard, flowering, coral-colored reefs, playing with a starfish before photographing it, too. A couple of regal angelfish emerged from a crack in the reef, seeming surprised by the intrusion, and Dean took a couple photos of their vibrant yellow bodies covered with vivid stripes of blue and white.
The entire back yard was used for their plantation — peach, pear, orange, and cherry among other types of trees. A wide variety of vegetables included carrots, potatoes, tomatoes, garlic, and lettuce, just to name a few. Dean was quite proud of what they had achieved so far.
“You keep referring to our night in such trivial terms,” Cas murmured, and Dean ignored his defeated tone.
“Yes, mom.” Charlie glanced down over the stairway rail, winking before disappearing around another curve on the stairs, her baseball bat firmly perched on her shoulder despite her smile.
When Dean arrived at their bedroom, the sun had started to lazily sink beneath the horizon. Castiel was already snuggled under the covers, and Dean took his time in the bathroom. After two long weeks, a much deserved leisurely time to clean himself up was in demand.
that Dean’s words had provided, there were still miles of differences keeping them apart. How could it ever work when not even Castiel’s kin had accepted him?
Not Castiel, though. He always had questions, doubts. There had always been hints of insubordination in the very atoms that formed his grace.
“What do you want from me?!” the man snapped, jerking his arm free. “I told you before; I can’t fix whatever you have.” The words so filled with mistrust they took all the air out of Dean’s lungs.
“Yeah.” Dean mustered up a smile. “Golden. You worry too much, little brother.” He patted his brother’s back on his way out. “Just tired, that’s all. Need my four hours.”
And with only one chapter left after this one I would like to thank everyone who cared about this fic for the last 6 months. It truly means a lot to me that you give a damn, thanks for all the support! We’re almost there, and I’m gonna miss this terribly.
“Well, if you get too close, you’ll get sick too. That’s what happens when they catch someone like us; they make us sick too.”
She shook her head. “Don’t apologize. You know you’re always welcome here. And those keys you have aren’t just for decoration either.”
The tattoo shop was on the other side of town and Dean let himself enjoy some Led Zeppelin as he drove along the coast, the sea as beautiful from under as it was looking from the surface, its enthralled blues reflecting the oranges of the sunlight as the waves broke on the shore and dragged along the sand. Its peaceful melody entered through the rolled down windows and filled the background of ‘Since I’ve Been Loving You’ with new accords.
He crossed his arms over his chest, grumbling under his breath in his spot in the backseat of the car until his eyes landed on Cas sitting on the other side, a joyful smile on his face, his eyes shuffling through the scenery like a kid in a candy store, absorbing every smudged view crossing along his open window. The wind flooding in through the rolled down window ruffled his hair. Small strands fell to his forehead each time he turned to Dean to point out another sight that made him smile, all goofy and disarming.
“Oh, we know.” She folded her arms. “You see, the energy he emits is like no other. We’ve actually been tracking him since the apocalypse started, but he never stopped too long in one place. It made it difficult for us to catch up to him. Then he disappeared completely. No matter what we did, we couldn’t track this new place he was hiding in.” Her smile grew colder, her lips spreading wider. “Until a little bird told us exactly how to find this place.”
With a few forceful strokes, Dean started to swim back; he had gotten farther from the boat than he was supposed to. A flash of lightning split the darkness as the waters swirled and dragged Dean, and anything else that entered their path, away.
“Thank you. Can I make a request though, could you not call me Castiel in public? I’m in a… retreat of sorts, under the alias of Casey Novak. So, if it’s not too much trouble, if you could avoid—”
Claire patted his shoulder, feigning sympathy. “Life is rough.” She grinned. “Besides, this is for a good cause.”
Castiel gave a gentle shake of his head. “I was waiting for you.” A soft crease puckered between his brows. “Are you going to stand there all night, or are you coming to bed?”
“No!” Dean drew near. “You… you could be weak after…” Dean trailed off, waving his hand vaguely like Castiel was supposed to know, tone low so Charlie wouldn’t hear him. “Please…”
Before Dean’s eyes drifted closed, he reflected on how tragic the mer’s life must be, miles apart from the waters where he belonged.
“This is just a friendly warning.” Gordon spat out, fists clasped at his sides. “If you wanna eat your fill, pouring drinks ain’t gonna cut it, you need to make yourself more useful, and you keep your nose out of trouble, you hear me?” he threatened with a twisted smile.
Castiel wiggled his tail weakly, a flare of despair cutting through his eyes as Dean stared. The tail was long, wider than Dean had imagined, in a deep and intense shade of blue, narrowing from his waist to the bottom of the tail, ending in fins that were paler in tone but just as mesmerizing, translucent and curved with tapered tips.
Dean nodded. “I guess we’ll never know,” he murmured, looking down at the book resting heavily in his hands before laughing quietly.
Dean should be used to it by now; losing people was as much a part of his life as his condition was. But life in the Keeper had given him a sort of false sense of security. It had been three years since the last time he had been in a similar situation. Ruby had been living with them for a few weeks when she secretly succeeded in contacting her former group. They had managed to attack the fort and kill a few of its residents. But Dean, and his companions, armed with a bunch of weapons and protected by the fort’s walls, had managed to seize victory for themselves.
Castiel used all his might to move Dean, but he remained grounded to the same place at the core of the beam.
“Sam, wait—” Dean blew out his cheeks. Okay, so maybe his brother was right, Dean’s food wasn’t exactly a testament of healthy living, but what was he? A snot-nosed baby? He could take care of Cas,
Bobby had never forgiven himself. Dean could see it in the way his eyes glimmered with unshed tears whenever the old man thought no one was watching, or the way he grasped Dean’s shoulder sometimes, something caught in his throat, words left unsaid. Nevertheless, Dean knew it; Bobby’s eyes reflected his own self-loathing whenever he looked himself in the mirror, harboring deep-seated guilt that splintered his chest into a million fragments Dean never seemed to put back together. If only they had stayed in Lawrence. If only Dean had stopped them somehow, asked them to stay away from the sea and its mer. But Mary’s love for the ocean was almost as vast as Dean’s had grown to be, and nothing could stop her from coming home from time to time.
I'm so happy about this chapter in particular, I tried my best to give our boys the happy ending they deserved (and we all deserved after all the angst lol). I hope I did it justice!
“Fuck,” Dean rasped, voice rough as sandpaper as Cas’ long, thick finger slipped all the way in, moving at a slow, steady pace until that wasn’t enough anymore. “More.”
Dean sat against the lockers, fingers absently running over the dark tiles cold beneath him, offering him a welcome relief against the warm mist steadily filling the room. He couldn’t figure out what it was about Cas that had such a strong pull on him. He had saved his goddamn life; that was enough to win points in Dean’s book. And he was easy on the eye too; Dean had to give him that. But there was something more there, something that defied all sense of logic seeping through the barriers Dean had built around him that stopped him from getting attached to anyone but family.
As soon as Dean’s feet touched the balcony floor, his whole body collapsed. He flopped over onto his side and lay there panting, feeling the cool marble floor calm his racing heart pummeling painfully against his chest. He hugged himself, noticing he was naked and sweaty to the touch, his skin burning up as he shivered uncontrollably. He could hear the floorboards creaking above him; the fire hissed and flickered in pale yellow shades, hitting him in waves of heat. Dean ignored the heavy sting burning against the back of his throat and forced himself into a sitting position, his body protesting against the sudden movement. He glanced around frantically, expelling a grunt when he noticed what remained of his outburst — most of the furniture nearby had been turned to dust, and part of the ceiling was missing where the embers hungrily ate through every available surface, revealing the floor above him.
Castiel raced to Dean’s body, leaping over the pit with a flap of his wings, a sudden surge of hope fluttering on the inside. If Dean was still linked to Lucifer when Castiel stabbed him, maybe…
“Oh, for the love of all things pie, I’ll be okay. Jus’ need my five seconds of brooding.” He tipped the beer bottle to his lips and took a long gulp.
All hint of reason long gone, Castiel flew at Dean, slamming his back against the wall and pinning his arms above his head with all of his considerable strength. Omega didn’t mean weak, and with adrenaline fueling him, Cas was a formidable opponent.
Bobby swallowed the half-full glass of rotgut in one swig.  Time to man up.  He didn’t have the luxury of being all dopey and morose.  Dean had enough on his plate babysitting his half-nuts brother while dealing with the loss of his only friend; the last thing he needed was for Bobby to fall apart on him too.  The kid had wide shoulders, but even he could only bear so much weight.
“Last chance, Castiel.  I’ve lost the right to compel you to come with us.  But it isn’t too late to choose it.  We are your people.  You belong with us in a way you never will any were else and you know it.  Come home.  This is your only chance.  If we leave without you, you will be stricken from our ranks. Permanently.”
“Okay,” Sam agreed, gaze troubled.  Sammy was so smart.  Too smart, sometimes.  But there was nothing else John could say to reassure his boy, and he still had Dean to deal with.  Soul heavy, he walked out, securing the door behind him.
He pretended not to notice when Garth snuck in to refill his coffee.  The surprisingly resilient omega liked to think he was sneaky, and there was no point growling at him.  He was somehow completely immune to Dean’s attitude.  And frankly, after yet another night without sleep, Dean needed the caffeine.
Dean tugged open the kit curiously.  He couldn’t help it; he chuckled.  It was an omega kit.  Condoms, lube, snack bars, a sports drink, antibiotic cream, bandages, towelettes, a handful of other items.
“Had enough, yet?”  His tormenter asked, voice gravelly, rough with exertion.  He had to be close to exhaustion soon, didn’t he?  The beautiful face was flushed, sweat plastering his hair to his scalp, sliding down the side of his temple in glistening droplets.  Sweat shouldn’t be that attractive; it just shouldn’t.
Because it was unlikely that Dean was still openly seeking out a hookup with the rebel-angel, considering what Castiel had done to them.  But the usual signs were definitely there; sex was almost certainly still happening.  And Castiel was a God, now.
And all that experience and knowledge led him here.  The Angel of the Lord, Soldier, feared and respected among his peers glared menacingly at the computer before him.  The device appeared unimpressed. At least, that was the conclusion Castiel drew when the thing indifferently bounced the image of a multifaceted little colored ball around the screen.
And really, girls were just fine.  Soft and curvy in all the right ways, and that sweet taste of sugary lip balm in every kiss; it just did things to him.  But Monty had been nice, too.  Strong, firm in interesting places.  So many things you didn’t have to say to another guy, cuz they were right there with you. They just got it.  He missed that part.  Missed holding someone who could hold him back just as hard.
It took Ellen the better part of an hour before she was satisfied that she’d written down everything she could think of.  She needed to make arrangements to get sufficient vehicles to take back with her to load her people and bring them to her new home.  And a heavily armed escort wouldn’t exactly hurt.
Dean glanced over to the other side of the shared tent where Sam slept, the oversized lump of brother snoring out a blissfully pain-free serenade.  Yet another reason Sam was clearly the more intelligent Winchester; he didn’t instigate life and death fights with stupid, knothead behemoths.  Dean’s shoulder throbbed in sage agreement.
“I’ve chosen a different indulgence during my Rest,” Cas added absently, eyes traveling intently down the Hunter’s long body.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean muttered, but he reached up, squeezing the hand on his shoulder. “Thanks.  It means a lot.”
Uncomfortable on multiple levels, Dean sat up, rubbing his eyes clear with a forearm. A bare one. Right.  Shirt.  He’d need that.  He rose unsteadily to his feet, bracing one arm against the impala to stay upright.
He walked back into the cabin to find Sam in roughly the same place, still digging around on the laptop.  It was just as well that Meg was currently in the wind.  Mood he was in, he’d put the demon blade through the bitch’s chest on principle.
Castiel leaned forward, listening intently.  This was better than he’d hoped.  Actual, practical knowledge from an experienced human.
Rowena set the cup down on the tailgate between them, eying the purple fog expectantly.  A female voice giggled from within the glittery cloud, the sound crystal clear.  Witchy Bluetooth; not bad.
Dean stretched out; taking stock of the minor aches left over from their activity.  Nothing major.  A hot shower and he’d be good to go.
“It’s okay,” Sam said, somehow managing to be placating without condescending.  “You don’t need to answer.  You have all the time in the world to decide that it's safe to trust us.  But right now I have to go shove my idiot brother’s shoulder back into its socket.  The rest of camp is straight ahead.  Go on, they know you’re coming.”
Cas pushed gently at his inner thighs, urging him to widen his stance as much as possible.  He was naturally wide-legged, and his jeans were loose enough to give the angel plenty of room to maneuver him as he liked.
“There ya go,” Dean growled approvingly.  He positioned his cock against Cas soaked hole and shoved his width in deep, exactly as promised, forcing Cas to take all of him to the root in one long, glorious thrust.  Cas screamed, instinctively trying to pull his hips away from the brutal intrusion.  Dean clutched his hips tight, forcing Cas to hold still has he slammed his cock repeatedly home.
Sebastian reluctantly handed the phone back.  “Okay.  Okay.  I see now why I was put on this earth.  It was to give you the education you need to screw the ever-loving fuck out of that burning hunk of man-meat.  Hopefully, many, many times.”
Dean’s head rested in the lap of a lovely pixie-cut blonde, her loose, pink button down shirt more than spacious enough for him to peer up at her amazing, double D attributes.  The young lady’s long, elegant fingers massaged his scalp, fingering through the silky strands in clear delight.  Naturally. His hair was awesome.  He was willing to indulge her; he was generous that way.
Sam sighed.  Dean wouldn’t talk about it if he asked.  He hadn’t when he and Cas had first started going bump in the night, and he almost certainly wouldn’t now.
“You’re right,” Sam agreed calmly.  “Dean and I talked about that.” He sighed.  “We’ve come to a decision.  There’s really only one thing to do; some of you may not like it, but this is how it’s going to be.”
“My turn,” he stated firmly.  Dean raised any eyebrow but shifted to his back, pillowing his head against folded arms.  The position left him completely open and was sexy as hell.
Jo shifted, and suddenly a knife appeared in her hand, the metal gleaming in the flickering firelight.  It was a quality weapon, and well tended.  Castiel knew his way around a blade, and recognized the sturdy knife as the gift it was.
And here we have Clan Winchester: a History.  Also, that pesky heat thing is still an issue.  With so many pretty alphas around, there's really only one thing for an omega to do.  Unless that omega is Castiel.
“Hello, Alpha Harvelle,” Castiel replied evenly.  “Thank you for taking me in.  It’s very kind of you all.”
“That’s all you had to do, ask me nicely,” Dean growled over the  rhythmic sound of his balls wetly slapping against Cas’ ass.  “But instead, you had to be stubborn,”
Jesus, that tone.  It nearly took Dean over the edge right there.  It took every ounce of his hard earned self-control to let go of his cock and hold tight against the orgasm that threatened to blow through him.  Settling back on his heels, Dean focused on staying relaxed and letting Cas take the wheel.  He quickly lost track of time, lost in the immediate here and now of a hard cock sliding fiercely in and out of his mouth, going deep with each thrust.
“It’s home,” Jody told him with a smile, when he asked her about the change in atmosphere.  She handed him a cup of overnight oatmeal.
It was an order, made with just enough Dominance to compel Cas to break free of his body’s hormone-driven urges.  Cas wasn’t good with orders, he hadn’t been since he left the Silver City and vowed he’d never blindly follow commands again.
But Dean wasn’t his.  This has been an act of charity, given in the name of healing.  And then, thanks to Castiel’s lack of control, it became a raging monster borne of mutual need, as several shattered pieces of bunker furniture could attest to.
“Dean,” Cas groaned, attempting to thrust up with his hips.  Dean bore down, trapping his hips against the bed
Dean rolled his shoulders, centering his body as he prepared to attack.  Sam put an arm out, halting his brother.  This was a signature Winchester strategy; something Castiel had seen the pair do more than once.
“I’m sincerely sorry to hear that.”  At her words the soldiers behind her strode forward in perfect unity, drawing weapons.
Dean strode forward, taking Castiel into his arms, pulling the omega’s back flush with Dean’s bare chest.  Cas didn’t fight the handling; rather, he leaned heavily back into his mate and tilted his head in invitation, readily baring his neck for his alpha.
Ellen shot the two a long-suffering look.  “Castiel, honey.  I know it’s a hard thing to be an omega out in the world.  But our pack is a whole other kettle of fish.  We’re a bit on the rough side, but we’re fair.  And we protect our own, especially from each other.  No one is allowed to be in any way coerced sexually.  Ever.  You ever feel pressured or someone tries to tell you it’s an order, you tell one of us.  Or save some time and punch them in the face yourself.”
It was more sensation than Cas could handle.  He didn’t know what to do, whether to buck into the perfect glide along his dick or raise his chest into the sharp bite of teeth.  He writhed, nearly bucking Dean off him as he tried some combination of both, seeking out more sensation in both places.
But he would not; he was a former angel, damnit.  Nearly a god, at least once, maybe twice.  He would never submit, never give in, no matter how he was made to suffer.
Castiel opened his mouth to sob his surrender, to agree to anything, everything.  To admit he had broken.  It would go so much better for him if he would just submit.  But that wasn’t in his nature.
Sam was accustomed to being the smartest person in the room; it grated him when he didn’t understand what was happening.  Dean was fine with that.  He’d never been anything but proud of his brother’s intellect.  Well, occasionally annoyed, but mostly proud.
As he spoke, Balthazar turned back to the trailer, unfixing the heavy leather covering and flaring it dramatically to the side.  Half a dozen crates of high-grade gunpowder were neatly roped tightly together, as well as a number of heavy bars of quality steel.
Dean caught Castiel’s interested gaze, grinning as he shook his head.  “Freaking angel voyeur.  Good to know some things never change.”
But what nearly knocked Castiel off his ass was when Dean, after hearing Castiel offhandedly comment about the sorry state of his well-used hole, point blank offered to allow the omega to fuck him instead.
A faint sound, so soft Cas would never have heard it had he not been so long blindfolded.  It was the familiar pop of a cap.  Dean couldn’t possibly need more lube. Cas’ cock was sticky with it; the heating lube so thickly applied it felt like it was dripping down his erection.  Maybe it was.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean snarled, eyes darting down at the unique knife.  “You’re a fucking Halo?  And you never told me?”
Dean narrowed his eyes, gaze clearly assessing Cas’ behaviour.  Castiel shifted uncomfortably.  The Hunter always saw far too much to suit him.
“Please,” Cas said again, not disputing the statement.  Dean knew him, better than anyone ever had.  And still he wanted Cas; still he loved him.  It was so much more than he’d ever hoped for.  He’d call the extra eight inches of alpha cock a bonus.
It was quiet, but not uncomfortably so.  Dean had walked the woods within miles of the cabin countless times.  After a while, he sensed he was being watched, but nothing that sent up his instinctive warning flags.  Only one thing he knew of did that.
Charlie also pointed out a distant rocky area with several large boulders, which apparently opened into a number of underground caves.  The caves had been set up as a distillery and storage for the pack’s production of Hunter’s Helper, the pack’s major trade commodity.
Unfortunately, that would have to wait.  Any sudden movements on Castiel's part would be a terrible idea.  Dean may look the picture of ease, but the deliberately relaxed pose was an illusion.  The Alpha’s gaze was hard on his brother; every muscle tensed.  Dean was walking a very fine line, a hairsbreadth away from launching himself at his sibling.
Castiel met his iridescent gaze glare for glare.  Dean wasn’t the only one who could make his eyes glow.  “I won’t make that promise.”
A brush of air warned him that someone was sliding up to Dean’s side, the breeze carrying the familiar scent of pack.  “Want me to take this one, Brother?” Benny asked in his soft, smooth lilt, eyeing the wild crowd of onlookers. “You know I’m game.”
Turning from his brother’s worried gaze, Dean let the feral grin he’d been suppressing slide across his features.  It had been far too long since his inner beast had been let off the chain; he desperately needed this.
Just this once, Dean decided.  This one time.  He had a chance to get a taste of what they used to have, and it may be the last he ever got.  No doubt he’d have to pay the piper later; he always did.  But sometimes right now was all you had.   Making the conscious decision to fuck it all, Dean leaned back on the hood and relaxed into his lover’s hold.
Sam stood up, sliding his bag over his shoulder and turned toward the door, swearing to himself when he noticed.  There it was again.  A fist-shaped dent in the wall, right about at his shoulder level.  If it hadn’t been tinged faintly with blood, Sam would most likely never have noticed.
He must have truly fallen asleep because when Cas next opened his eyes he was somewhat cleaned and lying on what had quickly become his side of the bed.  And he was alone.
“Harder,” he grunted, thrusting his chest up into her hands. He groaned when one of the girls slurped noisily on his cock.  Raw enthusiasm was no substitute for true skill, but it was plenty enough for right now.
Sam blinked in surprise.  “That’s a terrible idea.  It’s miserable and not healthy for your body at all.   Why don’t I help you find a good partner, instead?”
Dean’s throaty chuckle filled the quiet evening.  “You’re kidding me with that crap, right?  I’ve known you the better part of a year, Cas.  You’ve never once had the common sense to submit to anyone, least of all me.  Come on in.”
Tentatively, he rested his hands on the keyboard.  Nothing changed.  Looking surreptitiously at the man next to him, he moved one hand to the little corded triangle to the right of the keyboard.  The bouncing ball disappeared, revealing a single flat coloured screen with a string of icons.  A tiny white arrow rested in the center of the open space.  A nudge and a little arrow went winging across the screen.  Castiel had no idea how this was useful.
Dean leaned down, catching Cas’ lips in a deep, claiming kiss.  It was gentler than when they’d started, more like a caress, a dance of soft lips paired with an incredibly agile tongue.  Dean’s kisses had brought Cas to his knees multiple times.  Which was not in itself a terrible place to be when a stimulated Dean Winchester was within inches of him.
Dean rolled his eyes.  “Dad paid for it, okay?  It was my birthday gift.  Are we done with the 20 questions? Because there’s a very angry fish I need to get back to.”  He rolled back to his belly and pointed the remote at the tv, restarting the shark attack.
Dean wanted to give the omega his desired space.  But he also had to make it clear the he was welcome, both for Castiel himself and as an example to the rest of the pack.  Sooner or later his heat would demand a response, whether Castiel liked it or not, and since he was clearly unwelcome, Dean needed to make sure the path was clear for others who may be more suitable to the omega’s tastes.  And didn’t that thought just suck.
Intellectually, Dean knew the damn blanket was completely useless, but it gave his hands something to do.  Anyway, it was the act that mattered.  He needed Cas to remember that he had people here who cared about him.  It wasn’t much, but they currently had fuckall better to offer.
Dean could not remember the last time he’d been this fucking hard.  Porn only went so far, and frankly, he hadn’t been much in the mood lately.  Apparently he had a lot of pent up frustration.
Cas leapt from the truck, landing nimbly onto the ground.  He came to Sam’s side and yanked the metal cuffs from his hands.  “Give me those.  I’ll go capture Deanmon.  At the pace he’s been maintaining, he’s only good for another 13 minutes.”
A firm grip on Dean’s thigh a moment later warned him to be still.  It took real effort not to jerk away.  The familiar touch that had never failed to make him burn in all the right ways now just gave him the creeps.  Dean took a deep, even breath, willing his body to stay calm, muscles loose.  Because his instincts were screaming at him to fight or run.
Castiel could feel the change in the air on the morning of their fifth day.  There was markedly less grumpiness all around, and people consistently paused in their duties, staring out east.
“Next time, you could just hop in with me.  Not that I’m opposed to putting on a show from time to time, but trust me on this, interactive is always better.”
“Why not?” Crowley answered with a shrug.   “Might be good for a lark.  One blade each, 12 inches.”  The crowd cackled.  A blade of that length would be little more than a toothpick against Dean’s monster of an opponent.
Ellen took a seat at the heavy, hand carved desk, taking time to write every part of the recipe, every variety, every variable her mind could conjure up.  This moonshine was her legacy; it was all she had to leave behind for her people.  For her daughter.
“Wait.  Are you wearing a loin cloth?!”  He barked out a coarse laugh, glancing back at Sam and Benny.  “Dude’s wearing a loin cloth!” he called out to them.  Sam rolled his eyes while the crowd cackled.
“No.  At the time I decided the information would only distress him with no discernable gain, and after you told him the truth it was no longer relevant.”
Dean didn’t answer, but on his next thrust he kept pushing, forcing his knot through the tight ring of muscle, and ejaculated what felt like an endless rush of semen into him.
Dean rolled his eyes.  “Yeah, I need to speak to you about something.  I’m going to ask you a question, and you’re going to answer it.”
“No,” Cas replied honestly. “I really don’t.  This is my home and given the choice I’d never leave it.  But they're right.  I should go with them.”
“When Michael was riding me, the first time, I mean,” Dean began.   “When I finally fessed up, admitted what I remembered…”
He shouldn’t be here.  This was inappropriate; he knew that.  But he found himself unable to step away.
Just another fun filled day in the life of Dean Winchester, he thought with dark humor.  Pulling up the sheet around his waist, he went back to sleep.
Dean’s den also felt completely different.  As with any Alpha home, Castiel could sense Dean’s presence well before entering, but it wasn’t remotely uncomfortable.  Instead, the Alpha pheromones permeating the area felt protective, calming.
Cas would have been embarrassed, or unsure even, if he was still Cas.  But he wasn’t.  He was heat and need and desire, and damnit he needed to be touched.  He didn’t realize he’d bucked against his restraints until they pulled taut.  His eyes flickered with electric blue as he accessed his grace, willing the cuffs away so he could take what he needed.
Dean glanced away.  “I remember that I screamed a lot.  As much as a dude underwater can scream anyway.  I KNOW that I did.  For help, for death.  For anything that would make it end.”
“Anything,” Dean promised.  Then his weight disappeared leaving Castiel bare to the cool air.  Wait?  Where was Dean going?
“I have to insist,” Naomi told them politely.  “We are picky about who we allow out in the world, our omegas in particular need to be cherished and kept safe behind the Gates.”
Dean collapsed heavily onto Cas chest, a new wetness at their locked hips telling Cas it was okay to stand down, his partner was as well-satisfied as he.
Something in Dean's shoulder crunched as he landed on it with his full weight.  Ignoring the surge of pain, he rolled back to his feet, neatly avoiding a lethal stomp from his opponent.  Didn’t the guy realize his knee was toast?  Stupid knot-head fuck of an alpha.
A faint hint of blonde hair started at Dean’s navel and trailed down to frame his cock, the organ slowly rising to attention under Castiel’s gaze.  Firm, round testicles were neatly tucked under the generous helping of cock.  He’d want to spend some time on those, too.
Cas shifted, not loving the lingering itch from the inevitable stickiness that followed sex.  It was all well and good during the act, but the end result was…messy.  And itchy.  Perhaps even a tad smelly.  He’d need a shower soon.  But not yet.  He was too comfortable curled up against Dean’s body to willingly move.
The trucks moved down the narrow, rocky road for a good twenty minutes, the path liberally rambling along small hills and curves.  They took one final, sharp curve and the endless grasslands gave way to a massive open plain.  In the far distance, mammoth trees marked the line of a thick forest.
Dean bit out a loud curse, taking the end of the chain from the beta female.  Well, fuck.  Either he gave Crowley the ass kicking he so richly deserved, or he accepted the bribe instead and took the powder.  Crowley was too damn smart for his own good.  Sometimes being the responsible leader sucked.
Dean released Cas’ left wrist, using his right hand taking a firm grip on Cas’ cock and began stroking deft, firm strokes with a twist at the base, exactly the way he knew Cas liked best.  Lips, tongue, and teeth grazed his neck, the sensation deliberately traveling along all his previously cataloged hot spots.
He slid a second finger in, speeding his motions.  It was too much, too soon, but Dean could handle it.
“It didn’t.  Sam didn’t want to play, either,” Cas replied with a shrug.  “He said he’d injured his hamstring earlier.  I offered to heal it for him, but he said he was fine.”
Castiel ground his teeth.  This was a terrible idea.  There was only one logical candidate for the Winchesters to field.  Castiel would not allow Dean to fight for him against a Halo soldier.  It would be a slaughter.
Sam stood.  “Well, I've heard enough to settle my concerns,” he stated bluntly, grinning.  “Congratulations on your mating.  And may I add that you are both idiots for waiting for so long.  I'll go have a talk with Ellen, she’ll know the best way to make the happy announcement.  And then, of course, we need to discuss the mating party.”
Something he and Dean had discovered in their years doing…whatever this was.  Castiel had a thing for blowjobs.  Giving, receiving, it didn’t seem to matter.  Cas was as likely to come on his knees with a cock stuffed down his throat as he was if he were thrusting his own deep into Dean’s willing and dangerously talented mouth.
“Feeling better?” Dean asked, grinning slightly.  He knew that he did.  It had been way to damn long since he’d had sex that good.
He snuck a glance around the raised trunk lid, noting the way Dean’s shoulders stiffened at the question.
Dean had a healthy dose of confidence when it came to blowjobs; but he may actually have underestimated his own skill.  Cas was frozen above him, eyes glowing so brightly Dean had to glance to his back to ensure the wings weren’t out.  He was breathing hard, mouth open in a gaze of absolute shock.
Dean grinned back.  “You ever heard the phrase ‘to the victor goes the spoils,’ Sammy?  Well, as of this afternoon I’m the victor.  And that, right down there, that is the spoils.”
Castiel glared at Dean.  “I’m not difficult.  But neither am I a door mat or a breeding toy.”  He drew himself up to his full height.  “Am I being gifted to this Charlie for my upcoming heat?”
That unpleasantness taken care of, John moved on to the next order of business.  He had to talk to Dean; make sure nothing like this so much as entered the boy’s skull for a single second ever again.  And because he blamed himself, because guilt and anger were riding him, he wasn’t gentle.  He didn’t think about what he would say before he spoke.  And he wasn’t remotely kind.
Eight guards just for her.  How many fighting grade packmates did the Winchesters have that they could so easily spare that many bodies?
Dean was not going to do it.  No way.  He’d held out this long and wasn’t going to break now.  But… they’d had such a good night.  He had actually laughed.  And it had felt so good.
Dean didn’t trust this version of Castiel with a toothpick, much less his body.  Filled as he was with all the souls of Purgatory, the angel turned Deity was capable of anything.
“Castiel,” Dean said clearly, his gruff voice commanding.  “I am hard as mahogany, and you’ve had three fingers repeatedly ramming my go button.  If you don’t fuck me right now, so help me…”
He slid his mouth back onto the angel’s hard cock, working his way all to the base before smoothly gliding back.   On the next pass up, he swallowed a bit, applying firm suction. This was an advanced level technique; it required focus and practice.
Dean slid into the passenger seat, hiding a wince of pain from his watchful brother’s attention.  The next night that that one-pump-chump of an Angel popped in for a quickie; Dean was definitely keeping his smart-ass comments to himself.  Actually, that was a good one.  One-pump-chump.  Cas would hate it.  He’d have to remember it for next time.
Numerous wooden houses sprouted throughout the area in no real organized pattern that Castiel could discern.
Dean’s eyes flew open and he rolled away fast, moving so far that he fell off the bed.  He hit the floor, landing hard on his ass and continued some sort of crabwalk backwards until he hit the far wall.
Which led him to his current predicament.  He’d feared that being human would make the experience so much worse.  Emotion, sensation, it made everything different, more intense.  Castiel gritted his teeth, wondering how humans survived this level of suffering at all, much less his adopted family who’d been tortured so many times they could write a book.  Maybe they should, the Winchester Guide to Torture Moste Foul.  He probably shouldn’t mention the idea to Dean; the hunter still seemed to harbor a fair amount of guilt about that chapter in his own history.
Which led to the next question.  Done with what, exactly? What the hell was he even doing necking with a crazy angel on a busted-ass old ford in the first place?
She pulled off, coughing wetly, watering eyes meeting his in embarrassment.  “You were right,” Dean told her with a teasing smirk.  “Definitely a skilled move.”
“Don’t feel special.  I never told anyone,” Cas snarked back.  He raised arm and settled the blade back in its hidden place.
“No,” Sam shook his head adamantly.  “I definitely don’t have any more insight than her.”  He sighed.  “This is a truly awful ideal.  But if it’s what you want, than yes.  I can help.”
He put on a gentle, flirty smile, deliberately relaxing his posture.  The girls responded as he intended, leaning back in, body language easing.  That was easy.  Clearly the bad boy appeal thing was alive and well.  Plus, he was stupid hot.
Castiel allowed himself to be guided to Dean’s room, his mind already fogging.  He wanted to think it through; ask Dean again if he was sure about this, but he lacked the willpower.  He was burning up, and now that he understood what was fuelling the urge, it was all he could think about.
Castiel screamed, his omega unable to resist the command.  And then he was coming, thick ropes of semen pulsing out of his abused cock, oozing around Dean’s relentless grip.  And still Dean pounded into him, fucking him clean through his orgasm.
Castiel cocked his head, waiting.  Dean licked his lips absently, briefly derailing any concerned thoughts Cas had about what the hunter was about to say.
But he wasn’t.  Instead, he was irritated. In fact, Castiel had to actively suppress the desire to get up and rub himself over the attractive male’s naked body, coating his own marking scent over the interloper’s.
And that was not something Castiel would allow.  First, there was always the chance that he could use that link to somehow find Dean should he go missing again.  Second, that connection, however terrible, told him that someplace, somewhere, Dean was alive and fighting.  It was a horrifying security blanket, but one that Castiel was unwilling to give up.  Third, well, Cas wanted to be with his friend, no matter what that entailed.
He glanced up.  Blue eyes gazed down at him, a soft smile gracing Cas lips.  Wow.  That look.  Dean wasn’t quite sure what to make of the angel’s expression.
Things happened, as they do. Michael reacquired Dean; Sam and Castiel captured Michael (sort-of); and together they broke Dean free from the terrible burden of living out his best life in his Happy Place.
Sam glanced over the table.  “Cas, would you mind helping me run some supplies to my place while my brother stuffs his face?”
“Like this?”  Cas asked, his touch perfect, the gentle glide of his thumb against Dean’s glans exactly the way he liked best.
He crouched down so that they were eye to eye. “I have to go have a talk with your brother, Sammy.  It’s really important that you stay inside until we get back.  Okay?”
The sound of a truck engine woke Ellen late in the night, the pack whistles of alert warning her it was a friendly.  Ellen threw on her coat against the evening chill and stepped out of her tent, listening as the vehicle approached.
A dirt bike tore out from a small side path, the helmeted rider pacing them for several minutes before dramatically pulling up into a sustained wheelie.  Landing hard, the dirt biker gunned the engine and flew ahead of the conclave.
“Company’s comin’ in,” Ellen called down from her perch.  “Think they decided on round two after all?”
“Oh, I trust you plenty,” Dean replied languidly.  He stretched out on the bed, letting his legs go long and lax.  “That Alpha you got lurking inside though?  Him, not so much.  They like to pull some shit.  But in this case it has nothing to do with trust.  Have a look.”
“Except we founded this pack on fairness,” Sam replied.  “If the Alpha breaks the rules, it opens the floor for others.”
Things were good.  So when Castiel felt the first stirrings of yet another quarterly reminder that he was a being built for pups, Castiel didn’t bother with resentment or denial.  Instead, he started casting an interested eye on his available packmates, preparing well ahead of time for several days of mindless fucking.  No lie, it was a boost to his ego just how many looked interestedly back.
The Alpha kissed fervently back, his tongue demanding access that Dean did not refuse.  Cas curled his legs, locking tight around Dean’s hips as he thrust up into his body.  The inner self that had taken control sang in approval as it felt an answering hardness slide up against his own. When Dean eventually broke the kiss for a much-needed gasp for air, Cas latched onto his neck sinking his teeth in deep and sucking.
The seamless combination of packs wasn’t the only aspect unique to the Winchester Clan.  Traditional roles and norms seemed next to irrelevant.  They attracted oddities and unusual types like flies to honey.  Their head cook was an alpha.  Beta guards led hunts and patrols in concert with their alpha counterparts, and omegas seemed to do whatever the hell jobs they wanted.
That was true; Angels did not.  But roughly a quarter of the human population was estimated to possess a dual nature:  Alpha, beta, or omega.
Her parents, as rough and rugged a pair as you’d ever met had started the place, bringing in a few hard cases that had a mind to settle down.  They’d raised Ellen to run it, teaching her all the things a young, tough Alpha needed.  And she’d done a good job of it, too.
This was a terrible idea.  Maybe Castiel should fall back on plan B.  No, he’d already decided.  He was going to follow through.
Next time, Dean had said.  That had been an invitation; Castiel was almost certain of it.  Dean really did shower a lot.  It would be so easy to shed the clothing covering his own body and step into the hot water with the hunter.  Raise his hands and touch the heated flesh; see if it was as smooth and firm as he remembered.
Dean jerked his gaze off Sam’s retreating back, and spun around in a sharp 180, glaring hard at Castiel.
Sam smiled at that, appreciating the distinction.  “You’ll get there.  It just takes time.”  He reached down and readily picked up the supplies on the porch with one arm, clearly not needing Cas’ help at all to carry things.
“We need to discuss this privately,” Sam told her, handing the flask back.  “Why don’t you stay here, have some pie?”
“No, you don’t,” his Alpha growled in his ear, nipping reprovingly at the delicate curve where neck met shoulder.  “I caught you fairly.  You’re mine.”
Technically true.  But Cas very seldom left on time; it wasn’t as if he had anywhere to be.  Typically, once he couldn’t validate loitering any longer, he hid in the storeroom until the store closed for the night and it was safe to emerge.
A blink later and Dean was back into place, his newly bare legs tight against Cas’ hips.  Cas wasn’t sure what Dean had in mind for them, but as the more experienced partner, it made sense for him to take the lead.
Cas nodded slowly.  He looked wrecked.  He also was bright red, a glistening sheen of sweat coating his face and neck.  “I don’t know how much longer I can hold out,” he admitted with a shudder.  “Everything aches.”
“Well, it wasn’t fun,” Dean replied with a shrug.  “Hurt like a mother fucker until it all healed up.  But it’s done and I don’t need to worry about it anymore.”
Dean awkwardly scratched at his arms, the behaviour making Sam nervous.  Something wasn’t right with his brother.  Dean shivered, arms tightening around his chest.  He looked flush.
Castiel nodded.  Everyone knew about the Lone she-wolf Sam had fallen so intensely for.  It was one reason the calm, handsome Alpha had remained unmated for so many years.
Sam grabbed Castiel, pulling him back towards the jeep before the omega could attempt to intercede.  “C’mon.  We need to give Dean room to work.”
He lay back on the hood of the car and stared up at the visible pieces of sky.  Cas finally let up, the gentle feel of his hot mouth disappearing as he slowly pulled off, leaving Dean’s saliva soaked cock rapidly cooling in the chill night air.  Cas rose to his feet and pulled Dean’s jeans back up to his hips.  He leaned in, laying his chest against Dean’s, gentle fingers caressing his forehead.  Dean felt a burst of warmth along his neck and knew when he looked in the mirror all evidence that they’d been together would have been erased.
“Easy,” Dean murmured.  He leaned down, now completely naked though Cas hadn’t noticed him stripping the rest of the way.  “I’ve got you.  You’ll be okay.”  He covered Cas with his body, leaning for a kiss.
No. He could never be casual with Dean.  One taste and Castiel would want more, would want everything with the man.  And even if by some miracle Dean was on board with that, Cas was not.  He’d decided years ago that he would never voluntarily mate with an Alpha, never be sublimated, a creature ruled by his designation.
Recognizing the woman as one of her regulars, Ellen gestured for her people to come and take her off Asa’s hands.  The medic tried to help Asa too, but the stubborn mule of a man waved her off.
Dean saw quite a few arms bearing the trademark brand of the Black-Eyed Pack spread out among the group.  The Black-Eyes were Crowley’s old pack; no one knew why he’d left, but it was known there was no love lost between them.  But now Crowley ran the betting.  Then he’d taken over the market, and the auctions.  To all intents and purposes he and his new crew ruled Persephone.  The Blackeyed bastards wouldn’t dare step out of line as long as he was around.
“You won’t have to much longer.  Dean will be back a few minutes and I’m leaving, “ Sam replied.  “Just, promise me something.  Even with the cuffs you have dangerous strength.  If Dean gets hurt, don’t ask, just heal him.”  Sam was fairly confident that between his fairly large brother and Cas, there would be some degree of damage.  Those two burned hot around each other even without their dual-sides running the show.  The next few days would be fairly epic.
Cas sighed, setting his fork down.  “I understand.  And I heartily approve of that law.”  He looked at his mate.  Dean minutely shook his head ‘no’, anticipating what Castiel was about to divulge.  Tough.
“I don’t get you, Cas.  Am I that horrible? I know I have a darkness in me.  I’m a Hunter Alpha by blood and I had to become a killer too young and too often.  I’ll never be normal.  But I have control of it. I’d never hurt you.”
“Nope.  Wrong question.  The right question is ‘what do you want me to do about it?” Dean asked, his hips setting a fast staccato pace against Cas quickly filling erection. His lips moved to trace the sensitive places behind his ear, nipping at the lobe and tugging.
Suddenly Castiel was hoisted over Dean’s shoulders as he carried towards the bedroom.  The man really was ridiculously strong.
Dean wasn’t talking now, wasn’t protesting.  Dean’s hands were firmly pressed against he wall.  His head was thrown back, eyes closed as he panted softly, losing himself in the sensation.  He was so beautiful like this, Castiel was tempted to prolong the experience, but no, he had an agenda.
Dean rolled over onto his side peering over to the familiar, motionless form standing at the bedside next to him.  The figure was largely shadowed, though the unrelenting blue of his eyes nearly glowed in the darkness.
Castiel didn't appear convinced by Sam's assertions, though he let the matter drop. “And you?” Cas asked warily.
Castiel wasn’t sure what had Sebastian so excited, but if he was thinking matrimony, Castiel wasn’t certain that interspecies marriages were actually a thing.  And he really didn’t think Dean was the marrying type, anyway.
Dean finally stopped looking anywhere but at Sam.  His eyes were over bright, the green so emerald it practically glowed.  Emotions flittered across his nearly too fast to identify.  Despair, rage, need, and finally relief.
*This is the tale of how the Harvelles joined the Winchesters.  Takes place about 2 years after John Winchester's death, and 4 years before a certain pit fight.**
A faint buzzing filled the quiet room. No.  No no no… Cas thrashed around in his bindings, oblivious to the new rope burns, frantically trying to get loose, to avoid the inevitably of that terrible sound.
“Wow.  That sounds painful,” Dean commented idly.  “You know, all these knots are quick release.  One tug and I could free your thighs.  You could pump into me all you want, hard as you like.” His tone was deep, cajoling.  Teasing.  He wriggled slightly atop Cas to emphasize his point.
“I’ll slam into you from the jump,” Dean’s filthy bedroom voice teased in Cas’ ear.  “No prep, no easing in. I’m gonna make you take all of me to the root, pound my knot against that needy hole of yours again an again until you’re loose enough to take it all.  You’re so wet, babe.  I can tell how bad you want it.  And it’s all yours. Anything you want.  You just have to ask me.”
Soot-filled clouds of smoke danced around the barren ground, a grisly accent to the charred corpses of vehicles, the crates, and well, corpses.  A dry wind blew through, filling the air with cloying ashes.
“To be clear, you are offering to…get laid with me?”  Cas asked, his tone wary, though it seemed like he was interested.
“Yeah?” Dean asked, his grin reminiscent of his Deanmon days. It was a fair parallel; he’d been a sadistic monster then, too.
Sam turned back to the others.  “Jo, take the speed bike back to camp and update your mother.  Also, please find Benny and tell him I need him to track Dean and keep an eye on him till he sobers up and gets his head back on straight.”
He strode to the bathroom door.  Hints of steam drifted from under the closed door and he heard Dean moving about inside.  Castiel reached into the pocket of his coat, hand closing around a bottle of lubricant, the kind Sebastian had recommended.  It was the extra large size; you could never have too much lube.
Dean groaned.  “That is fucking fighting dirty,” he growled.  Castiel chuckled, the sound muffled as his mouth was stuffed with Alpha cock.
Naomi cocked her head thoughtfully.  “An irregular offer.  But I agree; there is no need to waste lives.  I’ll accept those terms.  If you can find a single person among your Pack that can defeat one of mine in fair combat than you have more than earned the right to claim our wayward omega.”
“It appears we have a winner,” Crowley called out.  He gestured with both arms, the crowd obediently quieting at the gesture.  “Bonus bets close in one minute.  Dean, my darling, you have two minutes to claim your hard-won prize.  Choose wisely.”  It was a farce, of course. Crowley knew exactly what Dean would choose.
Dean parked the jeep in front of one of the houses, tossing the keys to a waiting packmate as he climbed out.  Sam and Ellen both followed.
Dean said he was going get a quick shower in while he still could, leaving Sam to head to his room to pick up the always-prepared ‘go bag.’  He paused by Dean’s room.
Castiel closed his eyes, sagging heavily against the wall.  Of course.  He had a good thing here.  He had people who liked him, or at least tolerated him.  After years of wandering alone, considered an abberition by anyone who actually spent time with him, he’d finally found a place where he was free to be both an omega and a warrior and no one said he couldn’t or shouldn’t, or even thought it was an odd thing.  People were what they were here, and the pack worked with that.
Token protest aside, he actually enjoyed the rough handling.  Loved that his alpha didn’t treat him like he was a fragile creature in need of the kid glove treatment.  Castiel was tough; a fighter in his own right, and it both delighted and relieved him that his mate saw him that way.
But at the moment, both he and his omega were in accord.  He’d screwed up, and nearly gotten people he cared for hurt.  Whatever Dean demanded of him in recompense he would agree to.
“What happened was unforgivable,” Cas admitted, looking at Sam.  “And if I could undo it, I would.”  He ignored his mate’s growl of protest, though he appreciated the reassurance.
Castiel staggered out of the room, exhausted by even that small exertion of Grace.  He faded a little more each day.  And they were still no closer to finding Dean than when they’d started.
“Yes,” Cas agreed, the guilt a heavy burden on his conscious.  “There’s something I did during that time that I need to discuss with you.”
Ignoring Cas’ interruption, he plowed on with his story.  “I took them both down.  By myself.  I would have taken my booze buddy, too, if I’d had to.  I got lucky and found a better way.”
God’s honest truth.  And Sam wasn’t telling his brother half of it.  Why burden Dean with things that couldn’t be fixed?  And that right there might be the unfortunate answer to Sam’s own unasked question.
During their last trip to Persephone the sacrificial fighter was the only non-blood Winchester member of the Pack’s leadership triumvirate, Ellen Harvelle.  The well-seasoned Alpha had volunteered to fight this time as well, but Dean had called dibbs.  Primarily because it was his turn, dammit, but also because Ellen had brutally killed her last opponent.  Dean had been with her for that fight; even he had to admit that it had been an unnecessary kill.  Ellen was vicious, but she didn’t have the low-key rage that always simmered just below Dean’s iron control.  Killing a downed opponent just wasn't in her nature.  Dean suspected that the man had said something about Ellen’s daughter, but she wouldn’t admit to anything.  Regardless, she didn’t need to be going back in there any time soon.
Reality of course, proved different.  Alphas beat their chests, asserted dominance, and knotted anything that moved while fighting amongst themselves like drunken bears.  Betas selectively followed orders and tried to manage alpha bullshit, while resenting their own status and taking it out on omegas and each other.  Omegas submitted to everyone, went into heat, became pregnant, and were called sluts and whores for being victim to their bodies needs.
Sam snorted; his slut of a brother was unbelievable.  “Of course.  And if your ass isn’t back by dawn we’re leaving without you.”
Castiel flexed his right wrist, prepping the spring-loaded blade hidden inside, and ran out toward the engagement party.  He caught the back frame of the lead jeep right as Dean was pulling out, neatly launching himself into the vehicle’s back seat.
Dean silently watched as Cas moved his hand, placing his splayed palm on Dean’s sternum, heat building as the hand began to glow with a cool blue light.  The Angel slid his hand in a midline strip down the length of his chest in a smooth move, the contact touched with a kiss of heat, followed by the cool rush of air against bare skin.  Good thing he wasn’t particularly fond of that shirt, Dean thought as the burnt remnants of fabric fell away.  Though that had been one of his newer ones, he thought ruefully, watching the particles flitter onto the bedspread.
Well, this was a mess and a half.  Sighing, Bobby yanked the decrepit Oldsmobile’s door open with metallic groan of protest and stepped out, waiting for Mr. and Mrs. Allen to emerge from the supermarket.
“Dean, ever since I became human, everything has been different.  But I’m still me.  Complete with the same memories, and body, desires…”
A hand closed on his elbow without warning, jerking him back.  Castiel stiffened and turned, right as his nose caught up with his eyes.
Pulling off just long enough to take a hasty lungful of air, Cas swallowed as deeply as he could, taking Dean’s cock down his throat until his nose brushed against the alpha’s pelvis.  And then Dean was snarling, his hands locked on Cas head as he unloaded a flood of hot come down his throat.
“Nah, Anna’s a beta.  My brother is just a giant whore,” Sam replied casually, leading them out of the main area and up a hill towards wear a single pair of larger cabins were built at the border of the tree line.
Sipping his coffee, he paid close attention, attaching the few names he knew to faces. Benny walked past with a heavy-looking crate slung over one shoulder.  He spared Castiel a glare as he passed.  Castiel could have behaved and simply dropped his gaze.  But he didn’t, choosing instead to glare evenly back.
Dean stiffened at the accusatory tone, standing straighter.  At fifteen, the seeds of stubborn rebellion were beginning to really set in.  And Dean was John’s son through and through.  The boy may strive to please his father, but he would never be a doormat, either.  Something John tended to forget.
“Dean has excellent musculature and supreme endurance,” Cas muttered in agreement from his spot on the truck, blue eyes locked on the distance scene.  He sounded grouchy.
A prolonged silence between the two bothered him.  Feeling acutely awkward, Cas got up, absently gazing around the room.  Dean stood, as well, the motion triggering Castiel to look back at him inquisitively.  There was nothing awkward about the speculative gleam in his eyes, the green a stunning shade that Cas had yet to adequately categorize.
Dean stood, tossing a number of bills on the table.  “Sure.  C’mon, let’s head out.  I don’t know about you, but I am bushed.”
Walking away couldn’t have been easy for such an aggressive dominant.  Fighting his natural alpha drive that way had to have been difficult.  Most wouldn’t bother.  Dean’s behaviour was the very embodiment of an excellent, extremely controlled Alpha.  Which perversely made Castiel want him even more.  Stupid omega hormones.
Castiel didn’t know enough to argue that point.  But he did know that he and corn were not friends.  But all plants needed bees, and he’d found that permanently trading his farming duties to oversee the Pack’s thriving bee colony an easy bargain.
Dean, really, really didn’t want to answer that question.  “I think he's about to go into rut,” he admitted finally.
Sam had to do this.  He gently pushed the door open.  Cas was sitting on the bed, curled up in a blanket.  The bunker’s concrete wall sported a new, massive eyebolt, linked to a chain that led to the bundle of blanketed Angel.
Castiel was very aware that Dean half expected to get punched in the face.  And he’d allow it, because he thought he deserved it.  He wouldn’t fight back.  Dean also knew, once Cas had finished expelling his rage and hurt, he’d heal Dean back to better than new.  This was why a lifetime hunter like he or Sam didn’t have physical scars, or arthritis, didn’t ever get the flu or appendicitis.  Because every time Castiel healed them, he left them better than new.  And Cas had healed them a lot over their years fighting together.  The common cold didn’t stand a chance.
Glaring at the petite redhead, Sam undid the iron cuffs, then reached into his pocket and handed over a piece of glittering pink and white iridescent, bonelike material.
“What about the Alpha?”  Some daring soul called out.  “We can’t just mix her in with our people.  We’d always be divided.”  Several of his neighbors nodded agreement while simultaneously keeping a wary eye on their more homicidal Alpha.
And that had been that.  For another two years.  Until Dean had again inexplicitly disappeared for another three days.  And again he’d returned, a disheveled, bruised mess.  Sam still clearly remembered Dean and their father arguing outside hotel their room.
He leaned in slowly, deliberately invading Cas’ personal space.   Absently, Dean noted the previously steady sound of clacking keys falter and knew Sam was watching.  No matter.  If his theory were correct, Sam would know soon enough.
“One of these days, I’m going to make you beg me,” Cas grumbled hoarsely.  His throat hurt.  And it wasn’t the only sore part of him.  He shifted a little, wincing.  Yep, they were still locked.
Completing his tasks, Dean came around to sit on the bed across from him.  “How about you?” he asked seriously.  “Are you really okay?”
There was nothing of lightness or humor in Dean’s tone.   He was cold, remote.  Castiel had betrayed him, completely, in the worst possible way. Dean could forgive nearly any offense against him, but Cas had screwed with his family, knowing full well what breaking Sam’s mental wall would do to him.  Worse, he’d done it before absorbing most of Purgatory into his body.  When he was still the original Cas, more or less.
“Hey, boys! “ Ellen hollered.  “Welcome back.  You were missed.”  She was walking towards them, one arm wrapped securely around her daughter.
Dean took a place at the driver’s seat of the other jeep, his glare promising pain to anyone who was dumb enough to call him on it.  Wisely, no one did.  Benny slid into the passenger side with a grin at the salty Alpha.  Road food and residual camping gear, as well as a number of loose weapons were hastily relocated to the jeep’s cab, the crew smoothly adjusting to the change in plans.
Castiel was oblivious to the beauty of the winter night.  He was curled into a ball; his arms wrapped around his tucked knees, simultaneously freezing and burning up.  At some point he’d made a half hazard nest of leaves and twigs, though he didn’t remember doing that, either.
So he took Sally from the cheerleading squad to the movies that night.  And she was perfect.  And then there was Jenni, and Trish.
Cas wasn’t sure how much of what he was thinking was showing in his expression, but whatever he’d let slip; it was enough to wipe the smile from Dean’s face.  Castiel had hurt him, again.
Castiel’s belly groaned at him, stuffed near to bursting with the double helping of thick potato-venison stew and hearty bread he’d been near force-fed by the cheerful young omega in charge of cooking.  He’d accepted the food absently, shocked that an omega had been allowed out of pack lands at all, much less near such a risky town.  Then he’d gotten a deep scent from spicy meat stew and dismissed the man from his thoughts.
“Wow.  Lucky me,” Dean muttered, not even pretending to miss the implicit meaning in the Angel’s proprietary touch.
“Well, yeah,” Dean agreed.  “But it’s so much better that way once you adjust.  Who wants a scrawny little hotdog in their mouth when they could have a nice, thick kielbasa?”  Blondie and Purple tittered, though Brunette was nodding in sage agreement.
Castiel slid his right hand behind Dean’s head, pulling him in and holding him there, sliding his tongue past the perfect lips that parted for him in welcome.  Castiel had kissed other humans, angels, even one very special demon, but no one ever matched his hunter for sheer skill.  No other tasted quite like Dean.
Dean grinned a toothy, smug smile.  “Oh yeah.  I even washed up in the stream on my way back.  ‘Cause I’m considerate that way.”
“You know you want to.  Maybe you even come with that cock ring on if you could only manage,” Dean pause, nibbling delicately at Cas throat, before leaning to his ear.  “To thrust,” he finished, embellishing the word with a nip.
Castiel shuddered as another wave of whatever the hell type of spell it was flayed his body in a rush of agonizing fire.  He ruthlessly suppressed the resulting swell of rage, refusing to succumb to the spell’s demands.
And then he was naked and Castiel didn’t really care what he was saying because damn, the Alpha was gorgeous.  Hot, smoking, beautiful, sexy…mmmm
