Tomorrow, he will put John’s chair in his room. It can wait there, to be ready if John returns.
“Usually, generators have limited capacity. They operate the phones and the fire safety systems,” Sherlock explains.
“So what you’re saying is,” John summarises around a bite of scone, “that last night’s cake was good, and that we might share a slice again, but that’s no reason to buy the bakery?”
"It's been a trying few days," John answers. Understatement of the decade, he adds silently.
By Thursday, he's settled on his bakes and has already made a YouTube video on how not to make macarons. So he goes back to his current experiments of substituting honey for sugar while making jam and grouching about the inferior quality of his honey supply. Maybe once his bakery is up and running, he can finally look into getting a few beehives on the roof of his flat. In the meantime, he fills a few jam orders from nearby restaurants, goes on a long walk in Regent’s Park to forage for rosehips,  and posts some teasing Instagram pictures of his savoury macarons. He gets five texts from his brother that he deletes without reading and wonders how long he can ignore Mycroft before he finds his annoying brother in his kitchen.
"That wouldn't be very smart," Sherlock points out, but he's not moving, and he feels his eyes grow heavy.
John sighs. “I don’t know. On one hand, we should try to return home. Our families will be worried sick. On the other hand, our chances of making it back are slim at best, and in the meantime, we can’t just wait around and do nothing.”
“Wow, your childhood sounds… not much fun,” John observes, and there’s a note of sympathy there that tells Sherlock all he needs to know about John Watson’s childhood, namely that it was brief, and rough, and not especially enjoyable.
“Kitty Winters? May we have a moment of your time? It’s about Violet,” John greets the woman as they approach her outside her workplace, the Municipal Museum, where she works as a cleaner. She’s slight and poorly dressed and has a nervous energy about her. John guesses she’s not that much older than they are.
Sherlock comes home to Baker Street after 688 days, and John is gone.
That moustache is such an affront to the human eye that I wanted to pluck out every single one of your facial hairs. I’m glad you shaved it, otherwise I would have had to sedate you and actually go through with it, which would have been extremely tedious. - SH
John nods absently, his eyes on the front door and the truly disproportionate wreath.
Sherlock looks at John smiling at him, and he knows that John is joking, lightly teasing, taking the piss. He looks down at his hands. “I don’t want her to be like me.”
“Fifteen, my last offer. There’s plenty of street kids, and I know almost all of them,” Sherlock says calmly, completely unaffected by the filthy look Billy shoots him.
“I think the less I say to that, the better.”
John shrugs. “It was just a random woman I met on the bus. It wasn’t even important. I just…” he sighs, looks down at his hands as if they’re not even a part of his body. “I was bored.” Then he shakes his head. “No. That’s not it. I was lonely. Unhappy. Stuck.”
John nods. "Yes."
Annoyed with himself, Sherlock snaps his eyes open and mentally shakes himself. This isn’t like him. He doesn’t do this. He’s learned his lesson. Sex is messy and distracting and it distorts its own importance. It also invariably involves dealing with another human being far too closely, and that’s something else Sherlock has sworn off. Giving other people power over your happiness is always a mistake.
By the time they reach Baker Street, Sherlock is seething quietly. He immediately gets out his violin and starts to play.
For a moment, they just look at each other, and John can almost feel the weight of everything he’s never said to this man like a physical pressure on his shoulders.
What if he doesn’t like it? He’s almost never liked it, all that touching, all that messy fumbling, and for what, a short high inferior to any purely, pristinely chemical ones.
Quietly, they make their way to Moriarty’s workstation.
Sherlock starts a bit at that, because he realises John is right. Sherlock drove them to Baker Street on Sunday, and John went home briefly on Monday, but came to Baker Street directly after work, and today is Thursday, and he’s been here ever since. And the smart part of him, the reasonable part, is saying
Sent: 6:13 am
John loses all sense of time and space as they walk, seemingly endlessly, through trees and fog, and more trees and more fog. He’s long since abandoned any pretence that he’s got any idea where they’re going, and he knows Sherlock’s just as lost. And still they wander, and John feels a bit like he’s trapped in a nightmare, like he’s doomed to walk, and walk, and never stop.
John smiles. Sherlock’s a little more overt with his mother-henning since he came back from the dead, but he’s still most incautious with simple kindnesses when John is asleep.
John snorts. “Is that why you kidnapped me? To threaten me into forgiving him?”
Sherlock shrugs. “Bin it and start again?”
Any minute.
“I know, I’m not a complete idiot.”
John walks towards him, and the other bakers form a half circle around the couch where Sherlock is still seated.
Molly smiles at him, and he wonders how different she looks when she smiles. “That’s great.”
They’re both grinning when they walk back to the hotel. The night is lovely, cold but cloudless, and the sky is a stunning tapestry of stars. The moon is nearly full, and Sherlock feels like walking for a bit, so he leads John past the pub. John follows, and they walk for a bit in silence.
He tries to talk, one day. He opens his mouth to tell her something meaningful, something important, something that will help him and not give away something about himself he’d rather not have her know.
John ignores him, shuffles more deeply under his blankets.
Sherlock waves away the question as an irrelevant detail. Mr Chatterjee will say yes, he’s sure of it. He was devastated when he had to close, he’d gladly re-open, especially if Sherlock promises to do half the work. “Use my trust fund as collateral.”
The other bakers greet him cheerfully as he approaches the table. Sherlock nods at the others, then he locks eyes with John, who’s looking at him like he’s simultaneously the person he wants to see most and least, and it tugs at something in Sherlock’s heart, something painful and real.
Otherwise, dress went well. Adriana dropped her cake, and Irene flubbed a few lines, Seb stumbled over his shoelace, but they made the best of it. Sherlock was flawless, as usual, but he’s been off the last few days. Flat. A bit listless. Ever since that bloody dinner.
Now they’re back at Baker Street, sweaty and sun-kissed, all three of them. John helps Sherlock make dinner while Rosie sits at the kitchen table and disfigures sheet after sheet of paper with brightly coloured crayons. The way she pokes her tongue out while her small fist grasps at the crayon as she draws reminds Sherlock almost painfully of John.
“I’m fine,” he says, and even gives Sherlock a small smile. The smile fades as they look at each other wordlessly. “You couldn’t wait half an hour for me?” John finally says, and he wishes he had the energy for anger, he only sounds exhausted, and he wants Sherlock to know that this is unacceptable.
“Are you all right?” John asks, looking genuinely concerned.
“It has nothing to do with him,” Sherlock snaps. “I owed Mrs Hudson a favour. She let me out of my contract six years ago. If she hadn’t, I wouldn’t have been able to take that part in New York, and I wouldn’t be where I am now. I didn’t even know he was still there.”
Sherlock meets his brother’s inquiring eye square on. “Yes.”
Neither of them has spoken a word since the cab dropped off Sherlock in Baker Street.
Sherlock holds out his hand for the book, and John flips the pages, fragile and yellowed with age, until he reaches it, then slides the open book over to Sherlock. “Fair warning, it’s mostly in German.”
Sherlock points at John’s cake, not taking his eyes off John’s for a second. “That one.” He pauses. “Obviously.”
“What are you two doing here?” Lestrade asks. “You’re not supposed to be here!”
John thinks but doesn’t ask, too afraid of the answer. Is he threat, reward, or collateral? Is he on the list of things Sherlock wants?
Suddenly, the lift screeches to an abrupt stop, and both of them stagger on their feet. The lights flicker, then go out completely, before the emergency light comes on.
Unfortunately, the grinder stops once the coffee is ground, and silence falls as Sherlock fills the espresso maker and puts it on the hob.
“Very well,” Mycroft says, rolling his eyes at Sherlock’s ‘antics’. “You went to see a solicitor.”
He puts the glass down with a faint tinge of something like regret and starts walking towards the cloakroom. Sherlock follows automatically, without thinking about it.
Janine leans in and drops her voice. “What’s going on with the cane, anyway? Sometimes it seems like he needs it; sometimes he’s fine.”
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, but from the way he looks at John, it’s clear he understands perfectly.
Both Fey’a woman look at Sherlock in astonishment. “How did you know?”
Mrs Hudson’s grandfather clock strikes midnight. Rosie mutters something in her sleep upstairs.
John groans and turns away from Sherlock. “I’m going back to sleep.”
Afterwards, he clings to John. "I can't lose you," he whispers. "I can't go home without you."
“Good question.” John shrugs. “I guess we’ll never know, but I don’t think it would have been the same at all back then. I mean, we’re older now. You know.” He looks down at his hand, at the wedding ring on his finger, and thinks about how often he looks at it to remind himself that Sherlock
But sometimes, when Sherlock looks at him like he’s the most interesting person in the world, like he’s the only one worth listening to, the only one worth
“I made gingerbread frames and melted sugar in between to get a window. My house is a bakery.”
John keeps silent, hoping that Sherlock will talk some more about it. His fingers on Sherlock’s scalp keep rubbing gently in little circles, and he feels some of the tension go out of Sherlock’s body.
“So, Molly, how is it going?” Mrs Turner takes a tiny spoon and dips it into the filling for Molly’s mince pies.”This is delicious.”
“The room is spinning,” Sherlock states. “Why is the room spinning? It isn’t logical for a room to spin.”
"Long story," John grits out and hisses in pain when Molly starts examining his ribs. "Let's just say somebody wanted to introduce his boots to my torso."
Sent: 3:37 am
“No, sorry, family secret,” John says with a bright smile, looking not a bit relieved.
He takes his time getting her back into her crib. She wakes again when he puts her down, and this time she isn’t so easily placated, so he takes her out, changes her, then carries her around a bit.
Sent: 2:58 am
It was six months before he realised he’d effectively dropped out of Uni without even realising it in the constant rhythm of rehearsal, performance, rehearsal, performance, but around that time he got his first actual, paying job with an actual theatre company, and he hasn’t looked back since.
The thing is, John has always been more curious than is entirely good for him, so instead of just backing away and going back to bed, he takes a step forward, and asks, “What are you doing?”
John grins. “The game’s afoot. For Harry, England and St. George.”
“Um… do I have to?”
It’s the third time this week she’s called him in the middle of the night, drunk and crying and threatening to throw herself off a building or something equally dramatic if he doesn’t come over
“Fifteen minutes, bakers.”
“It was a beautiful wedding,” Mrs Hudson says, quietly, gently, and Sherlock startles out of his contemplation. He’d forgotten she was in the cab with him.
“We don’t have any pillows now, true,” Sherlock concedes.
“Better than Jim,” John points out. He doesn’t trust himself to say anything else.
“You’re Mary’s fiance,” Sherlock says, still sounding as if he’s got laryngitis.
John grabs the coffee and two scones from Speedy’s that are sitting on the coffee table. “Oh god, breakfast, thank you!”
John holds out something for Sherlock to take. It’s a black soft-cover notebook. Sherlock opens it, and sees that the first few pages have been filled with the recipes for his seven birthday cakes. The recipes are extremely detailed, especially John’s. All the ingredients are listed with exact quantities, down to the number of tea bags John used to soak the dates.
Holmes visibly starts and turns around, but his momentary nervousness is replaced by annoyance when he realises John isn’t an authority figure. He sighs and rolls his eyes. “What does it look like I’m doing?” he snaps. His voice is just starting to change, wobbling all over the place, but his diction is sharp and precise and very obviously public school trained.
Sherlock is torn between embarrassment, amusement at Mycroft’s shock, and something in his chest that he refuses to name, that reacts to John’s mussed hair and the rumpled t-shirt that is obviously Sherlock’s, the way he blinks and looks at Mycroft, and then at Sherlock. “Am I interrupting something?” John asks, looking and sounding a bit confused.
He likes it down here. Sherlock’s workspace is chaotic and messy, but he’s made the space his own, remarkably so, given he has no official position at the clinic. In the beginning, he sort of skulked around when he was waiting for John to finish his work. Then, one day, he  correctly deduced the cause of death of a young man the Watch brought in. Molly was impressed, and she started involving Sherlock in her work. Then Listra discovered that Sherlock has not only a knack for chemistry, but a love for it that borders on the obsessive, and since then he's been a sort of unofficial mortuary assistant/apprentice pharmacist. Both Molly and Listra pay him when it's possible, but since he works only on things that interest him and pursues his own projects for the rest of the time, it works out pretty well for all involved. Dr. Sholto, the head of the clinic, accepts the situation as long as they keep Sherlock away from the patients (there was an incident with an enraged father-to-be and a cheating wife that escalated fairly quickly). But since Sherlock generally has little interest in people, unless they’re dead or involved in some kind of puzzle, that's not a problem.
Sherlock squeezes John’s hand and is rewarded with a shy smile. “I’ve missed you too.”
“Our bakers have four hours as usual.”
He thinks briefly about apologising, but from the stricken expression on Mary’s face, he knows it’s pointless. So he hands her the bottle and goes back into the kitchen to finish his tea.
“He shouldn’t even be here,” Anderson says and gestures at Sherlock. “He makes money from his YouTube channel.”
On the next production he was in charge of  props, lighting and sound design. The production after that, he was  property master and had a minor part and hated every second he was on stage, missing the quiet and the darkness of the wings, the scurrying activity behind the scenes.
Sent: 3:10 am
John takes a step closer, and for a moment, they just look at each other.
It startles a laugh out of John, which was the reaction Sherlock was going for.
Sherlock feels his lips stretch into a smug smile. “Wait here.”
The thirty-eight hours after Mary Watson’s funeral are the worst of Sherlock’s life. Worse than Serbia. Worse than getting shot. Worse than having to leave a grieving John behind. Worse than the time his mum was in the hospital and he was afraid she would die.
She agrees, and he rings off with a curt goodbye.
let himself grow dependent on John. Because sooner or later, one of two things will happen: Sherlock will get bored with John or, infinitely more likely, John will leave.
Molly seems relieved. “Oh, somebody already gave you that speech? Good.”
Clearly uncomfortable, Sarah turns to John. “Ready to go back to work?”
The first time John Watson fell in love in a theatre, it was an abstract thing, almost a calling.
“You have every right to be upset. But believe me that neither of us ever thought the situation was anything other than unfortunate.”
He bakes.
John shrugs. “It’s a weird mixture of Austrian Kasnudeln and Afghan Bolani. You know, the judges said to mix it up, so I’m trying to. But it won’t work if I don’t get the crumbly kind of cream cheese. Maybe I should scrap the cream cheese and do it with just the potatoes.”
He holds out his hand to Sherlock. Sherlock looks at him warily, and for the first time since John’s known him, he seems uncertain of what to do next. “And what then?”
“Time to end this,” John says, walking a few paces behind him. “Don’t you think?”
, just another Pret or Costa or any one of a thousand faceless, soulless factories that keep levelling people’s expectations of what a good croissant is like down until everybody will think croissants are supposed to taste like dried up toilet paper.”
Part of what he misses is, and that’s sick enough, the danger. The rush of knowing you’ve survived. The bullets that miss you, the way the heart beats extra strong and hard after the danger has passed, like it wants to prove that it still can. And Sherlock provides plenty of that. Life with Sherlock is never boring, and that’s part of why John stays.
After an indeterminable time, John draws back a little. “This counts,” he says a little breathlessly, against Sherlock’s lips, “this definitely counts.”
John smiles. “Yes, I sort of thought so, too.”
“Why did you take away our lodestone?” John asks, surprised that his voice sounds much calmer than he feels.
“If I knew that, I wouldn’t be here.” He runs a frustrated hand through his already unruly hair. “I can’t put my finger on it, and it’s driving me crazy.”
Tuesday they run out of Feverweed, so he goes down to the basement, which houses the clinic's morgue, Molly's office and the clinic pharmacy.
He’s felt this before.
It’s the worst thing he could have done.
“She’s not a complete idiot.”
“Seriously, though, he’s… well, he’s a very good baker. And a nice bloke, which is even more important.”
“So, John, any thoughts?”
“If I trip you on purpose and you break your leg, or if you trip over my feet by accident and you break your leg, your leg is equally broken,” Sherlock points out, and John shakes his head.
“Concussion, sprained ankle. She fell off the ladder. Listen, I can’t hang around.”
John leaves when Molly comes downstairs and the autopsy starts, and he briefly thinks of going home and going to bed, but he promised his rugby mates a birthday drink, and he also mentioned to Sarah that he might be there, so he goes, even though he's not especially in the mood. Half his rugby team is there, plus two or three of the nursing staff and the other apprentice from the clinic, and everybody wants to buy him pints of cider, but he only gets a half-pint because otherwise he'll fall asleep standing up.
The judges declare the round winner-less, because most of the field delivered good to perfect bakes.
Now he’s leaning against the back wall of the mansion turned hotel, key in his coat pocket and his little overnight suitcase by his feet, having a smoke before he goes in to dinner.
John’s too tired to be angry, and it’s too obvious that Sherlock’s frustrated and afraid and taking it out on him,  but he decides to leave Sherlock to it for now. He gets up without answering, only turning around at the door. “You are a good person. Even if you can’t fix this.”
Sherlock watches him until he wakes up. He looks exhausted even in his sleep, but he appears physically unharmed.
Then John’s hands settle on his waist, and John pulls him in and kisses him back, open-mouthed and dirty, and Sherlock’s knees turn to jelly. He runs greedy hands over John’s body, and John does the same with him, fingers tracing the curve of his spine, his hip bones, winding into his hair.
There’s an audible snapping sound, and everybody looks at John, who’s making notes in his book with his back turned to them and who just snapped the pencil he was holding in two. Silence descends. John looks down at his hand, clearly embarrassed, and mutters something about having to check with the carpenters, which is a poor excuse, because the rehearsal room is a mess, and Sherlock knows John would never leave the room like this. Adriana and Seb exchange a look and follow John out, and Lestrade looks between Irene and Sherlock.
“I don’t know,” John says with a smile that's openly and unabashedly fond. “I sort of like him.”
So Sherlock does. And while he watches John eat Thai and eats a few bites too to stop John from frowning at him disapprovingly, he realizes that he could have this, that this could actually work. It’s the scariest and the most exhilarating feeling he’s ever had in his life.
“Tomorrow,” Sherlock answers, keeping his voice quiet, soothing, rubbing her back, fervently hoping that by tomorrow morning, she’ll have forgotten about this line of inquiry. So far, she has shown little curiosity about her mother, and he fervently hopes it will stay this way until she’s old enough to understand some of the complexities involved.
“What do you mean?” John asks.
Mrs Hudson’s hand finds his across the worn leather of the seats, and squeezes. “That was a beautiful walz, dear.”
John dislikes afterparties. Many stage crew members do. Mostly it’s because they work longer hours than the actors and just want to go home when the show is done, but it’s also a bit of a social class thing. Usually, the backstage crew doesn’t socialise with the actors, nor the other way around. That doesn’t mean there’s no romance going on; in fact, many actors are married to stage crew, but there’s little mixing of social groups.
Sherlock seems frozen, staring at Sarah's hand on John's arm, and then at John, and there's  an uncomfortable edge to his gaze that John isn't used to. Normally he enjoys the attention, now he feels a curious urge to squirm.
“Of course,” John answers immediately. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
Irene, Molly, Neela, Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner all take their places. Sherlock turns the camera on. “Action.”
“No, just here to fetch some Feverweed,” John says, passing through into the store room, where Sherlock’s sitting at the long table he’s commandeered for his chemical equipment, studying something through the microscope he built last year. The store room is the no-man's land between the morgue and the pharmacy, and since Sherlock helps out in both, this in-between space has become his.
“Amazing,” John mutters against his chest, where he collapsed after returning from the bathroom with a wet towel to clean them up rudimentarily. The room is a mess, clothes haphazardly strewn all over the floor where they landed when they were tossed aside.
The next contestants have various problems. Janine’s carrot cake is too moist, Mary’s banoffee pie is delicious, but too simple. A chap named Mike’s Sachertorte is too dry. A bloke John referred to as Dimmock earlier has made a slightly underbaked cheesecake. A young college student named Neela, apparently, made a simple chocolate sponge cake that’s competently made but rather easy.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and turns around, facing John, who’s lying on the bed of Sherlock’s hotel room. John is grinning at him suggestively, and his tone has switched from bored to teasing to flirtatious very quickly. He’s angling his hips towards Sherlock and spreading his legs a bit. “Might have to start without you,” he mutters, voice low and seductive, as he starts to trail his hand slowly over his body and traces the outline of his cock in his well-cut jeans.
@thescienceofbaking
“Just potatoes sounds dry as dust,” Sherlock says, taking a sip of his tea. “What about mine?”
There’s music, now, instead of the silence that reigned in 221B when John was gone.
He turns to John, who’s filming on his phone. “So, rules of the mini-Bake Off,“ John explains. “Mike, Neela, Irene, Janine, Mary, Molly and I each made Sherlock a birthday cake. Now Sherlock has to decide on a winner. There are only two rules. One, he only gets to know who made which cake after he’s picked the winner, and two, it’s not about the quality of the bake,” John says, and with the last words, he looks directly at Sherlock. “You need to decide which one you
Lya looks at him for a long time, then another Fey’a leans in and whispers something into her ear. Finally, she nods and lowers her spear. At a sign from her, the other Fey’a put their weapons away as well. “You make a good point, John Watson,” she says, gesturing at Sherlock on the ground. “Your friend needs medical attention. We will take you both to our home. In the morning, we will bring you to the edge of the Forest. And after that, I fervently hope I never see you again.”
It feels a bit like resisting having a cigarette, and he is proud of himself for managing it. Oddly, the fact that he resisted sex with John makes him crave an actual cigarette, anything to calm the itch in his fingers and the butterflies in his stomach at the very thought what John’s skin would taste like, how he would wind his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and make those divine noises that go straight to Sherlock’s….
Sherlock hooks his fingers into John’s belt loops and walks them backwards, navigating them to the bedroom without really breaking the kiss, and John is very on board with this plan, because his knees are made of jelly and he wants to get Sherlock naked, now.
Moriarty wins high praise for his deconstructed strawberry shortcakes, which he’s arranged in bite sized pieces on individual spoons, but his savoury scones with sun-dried tomatoes and basil get criticism for being under-seasoned, even though they look stunning.
“You’ll be here when I come back?”
Sherlock is pretty sure it’s not what John actually wanted to say, but it’s definitely the saner choice. “No. Are you still hung up on that?“
Sherlock rubs a hand over his face and tries to get reoriented in space and time. He’s in the kitchen at Speedy’s, and apparently he didn’t clean up after himself last night, because the kitchen is a mess. He worked until the small hours of the morning, making a new video about how not to make cupcake frosting, and researching how he might lure a sponsor.
“What difference does that make?” Sherlock snaps. “The effect is the same.”
“Sorry,” he mutters, rubbing his eyes.
John sighs. He’s too tired and too scared to argue. “Fine. But fair warning: If we get lost in the woods and we're starving, I'm turning cannibal and eating you.”
“I completely understand,” Sherlock answers, and he does. Mr Chatterjee needs the money, Sherlock understands that. Sherlock just needs to get it first.
“Just pay me more than Moriarty. Even if it’s just a hundred pounds.”
Sherlock stays in his seat for a moment, closing his eyes to visualise the play, planning out the scenes where he can insert some subtle flirting.
Meet you there. -SH
“Oh, god forbid, a Holmes having human emotions, how terrible. Am I supposed to be sorry for….”
“So, John,” Mrs Hudson starts, “family favourites, which family member loves this cake the most?”
Billy stops fidgeting and looks at Sherlock, a shrewdly calculating look in his eyes. “What kind of proposition?”
There’s no answer, and he almost thinks that Sherlock’s actually asleep by now, and then Sherlock says, softly, gently, “Good night, John.”
Sherlock’s heartbeat picks up noticeably, and arousal spikes all over his body. “Please do,” he says, his own voice matching the tone of John’s, low and raw and wanting.
“Did you watch it on Monday?” Mary asks, and everybody nods.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say to this, because highly unusual could be interpreted in several ways. “I’m not boring, at least.”
“Well, come in and sit down, or leave, but don’t hover, Sherlock, it makes me nervous.”
Sherlock looks at her, the hundreds of individual data points that make up Irene Adler, trying to gauge how serious she is about this.
“What?” Sherlock mutters drowsily.
When he lets John go, John looks dazed, he’s breathing hard and his eyes are dark and hungry.
Sherlock gives him a small smile. “So what now?”
Then, suddenly, John starts giggling. “That was one of the more ridiculous things I’ve done,” he hiccups between laughter, and Sherlock can’t help himself, he chuckles.
Sherlock hesitates for a moment that would have been imperceptible for anyone but John, then he says, gently, “John. Is there any logical, rational reason you can think of why that room upstairs is still empty?”
Sherlock curses again, running his hands through his already disheveled hair.
Sherlock nods briefly, but doesn’t answer, which is relatively usual for him. He’s glaring at Sarah’s hand on John’s arm, and for once John isn’t sure he wants to hear Sherlock’s deductions.
Sherlock’s lips are dry and warm.
John’s lips twitch, and Sherlock gives Molly an appreciative nod.
“Sherlock, look at me,” John says, finally, gently.
“They must be fairies,” John whispers, watching the two figures as they land on the forest ground in front of them.
Sherlock’s lips twitch, and John grins at him. Then they both start laughing, and John steps around the counter and behind the camera. He starts brushing the flour out of Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock’s amusement fades when John all but cards his hands through his hair. “Sorry about that,” John says, lips still twitching with amusement.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock is lying on his back next to John, still unconscious. The long gash in his shoulder where the shrapnel hit is clean and bandaged, but he’s pale and looks an absolute mess, scrapes and bruises everywhere, clothes dirty and torn. There’s a large bruise on his forehead, and John supposes he either hit his head when the blast knocked them down or a piece of shrapnel is responsible.
“I want to go home,” he whispers in the wee small hours of the morning, just before sunrise.
“Come off it,” John snaps. “Don’t play the victim here. You shot my best friend through the chest. What did you expect, a thank you note? Flowers?”
Moriarty, who’s sitting at another table, is making a gagging sound. The other contestants ignore him. He’s been unpleasant to everyone today, but especially to John. Sherlock has been keeping a keen eye on him, but Moriarty wouldn’t dare to try to sabotage either of them in a room full of cameras. The producers have also stressed that anyone caught playing “practical jokes” on other contestants would be instantly disqualified, clearly a reaction to Sherlock and John’s little prank on Moriarty. Moriarty was smug about it, but it’s also clearly kept him from retaliating.
John smiles at him, hoping he doesn’t look too falsely cheerful. “Yep. Thanks for the coffee. Again.”
“No, they don’t. You’re just ignoring facts you don’t like to fit your theory. Why should she kill herself because her friend did? It makes no sense!” Sherlock exclaims, gesturing at Kitty. “She was being threatened by the same men who killed Violet. You’re being deliberately obtuse because you don’t want to admit you were wrong about Violet.”
For a moment, silence falls as everybody eats their pizza. It’s mediocre, but it’s warm and the garlicky bite is a welcome relief from the smell of sugar and cinnamon from earlier today.
“That sounds vaguely dirty.”
“Do you have an actual death wish? Do you want me to have to bury you again?” John demands.
Sherlock is manhandled behind the table and Irene busies herself with cutting the cakes.
Sherlock is stunned into speechlessness for a second, which never happens, ever. “What… what are you doing?” he finally asks.
John smirks at Sherlock. “That’s my lift. See you on Saturday.”
Go back to bed. We’ll talk in the morning. - SH
“Sherlock?”
“Look at the date on the back,” John says, sitting down on his bed on shaky legs.
And it must show, because Irene quips, “You look like you’re afraid John is going to send you home this week.”
“What’s going on?” she asks after she’s all but dragged him into a supplies cupboard.
“And what did he say to you, John?” Irene asks, looking at John with narrowed eyes.
John examines this thought from all sides and decides it makes sense. And then he decides that the answer actually doesn’t matter so much, because Sherlock is his best friend and nothing will ever change that.
John just looks at him, infinitely sad. He doesn’t say anything for a long time. Finally, he sighs and looks down, and says, quietly, “Do you know how long it took for me to get over you? When you… left, I fell apart completely. It took me years of therapy to realise that what I felt was only partly grief. A lot of it was withdrawal. I’m an adrenaline addict, and you basically are adrenaline. I let myself get dependent on you. And that will never, ever, happen to me again.” He looks up now, and there, finally, is the sliver of anger Sherlock has been waiting for. But it’s old anger, quiet and dealt with and scabbed over. “You, Sherlock Holmes, cannot be trusted. I thought once you were the North Star, but you’re a mirage. The closer I got to you the more elusive you were, and I loved it, basked in it while I allowed you to hollow me out until all there was left of me was you. And you loved that, didn’t you, making me dependent on you and strung out and desperate for your attention. You gobbled it up, you gobbled me up, and I let you. I let you. I let you define me, and when you were gone I had no idea who I was anymore.”
Slowly, the crew files in. Dimmock and the other stage hands, Mary, wordlessly getting the lighting plan and vanishing into the theatre, Molly grabbing the can of spray paint to help with painting the set. Sally won’t be in until the final fitting tomorrow afternoon, since this is a very low-maintenance production for her. Four people, modern, no costume changes. Boring, as Sherlock would say.
John, who’s sitting on the other side of Sherlock and is leafing through an issue of the Sun someone from the crew left lying around, looks up at that and grins. “Thank you, Irene. Maybe I will, someone’s got to ensure Sherlock’s followers have somewhere to go when he’s too busy with his bakery to keep up with the YouTube channel.”
“Oh, I’m not touching that with a ten-foot pole,” John jokes and leads the conversation back to his bake. He’s making savoury scones and an Austrian pastry out of yeast dough with a poppy seed filling over a thin layer of something he calls Powidl, for which he says there’s no English word, because it’s not exactly plum jam, but not exactly not plum jam.
Sherlock puts down the violin and looks out of his window. His new flat is on Montague Street, and it’s nice, Victorian, messy but it suits him, and he can see the bustle of the street down below from his sitting room window.
She puts her hand on John’s arm, and John feels a small thrill. “Yep,” he says. “Lead on.”
Yesterday's judging was boring. Today it’s equally so. Sherlock tunes out Mike, Mary, Anderson, Janine, Dimmock and Neela, their bakes are all mediocre to bad, and they’re no competition. Molly’s bake is the first that gets praise from the judges. Her savoury pumpkin muffins seem to be delicious, and her raisin scones are nice, if a bit on the dry side.
Sherlock is lying on his bed, fully dressed, fingers steepled under his chin in his favourite thinking pose. He doesn’t even look up when John stumbles out of bed and into the bathroom, but he’s up when John comes back.
Sent: 4:37 am
He sits up and reaches for something he tossed on the bed just a moment ago. “I used to be a boy scout,” he says, grinning wickedly.
“Thanks, John. That was brilliant.”
Sherlock’s fingers itch to touch, but he holds still on the uncomfortable desk chair, ignoring the way his half-hard cock strains against his trousers.
“What’s yours?” he asks, to get John talking again. He’s already gotten more out of John tonight than he could have imagined in his wildest dreams, and the rush of information is making him greedy. He wants to know what’s going on behind that look in John’s eyes.
The lights are off, so he has only the soft glow of street lamps filtering through the lacy curtains to see by. He can make out John in an armchair by the window, a sleeping Rosie lying sprawled over his lap, her head resting in the crook of his arm. An empty formula bottle is lying on the floor next to the chair. Toys and empty mugs and plates are scattered around the room. The air is stale; it smells of formula, dust, old sweat and baby wipes.
Sherlock acknowledges her with a nod, as he continues to pace.
He gets into bed, and in the silence that settles he can hear Sherlock’s breathing, and he knows he’s as awake as himself. Normally, he wouldn’t think anything of it, Sherlock often doesn’t talk for hours or sometimes even days, but this time the silence is definitely uncomfortable.
“Pity,” Irene says and turns to him with a questioning gaze.  “You know, I was given to understand from Lestrade - by way of telling me to keep the flirting out of the rehearsal room - that you and John had, and I quote, ‘a pretty intense affair six years ago,’ and now you two can barely look at each other. What the hell happened?”
John lets out a deep breath. “I’ll talk to Mrs Hudson. But first I need to get through tech week, all right?” He downs his shot of vodka. “May I have just one more?”
He nearly runs into John when he comes out of the catering tent and barely manages to avoid scalding either John or himself with hot tea.
Mary and Janine made variations of fruit cakes with loads of jelly, and while they’re competently made, it’s becoming increasingly clear that neither Mary nor Janine has what it takes to win this competition. Neela’s coconut cake is solid. Mike had a problem with his bread pudding, it’s overbaked and bone dry. Molly’s pineapple upside down cake gets full marks for taste, and it looks good as well. Irene made a lemon meringue pie that looks stunning and the judges love it. They all accompany their bake with a bit of a story about why the dish makes them feel nostalgic. Most of the stories are sentimental hogwash the audience will eat up. John talks about his gran, predictably, and so does Molly. Neela tells a nice story about college dorm baking, Janine, Mike, and Mary talk about their mothers, and Irene’s story about her French aunt is almost certainly complete fiction, but at least it’s funny.
When he opens his eyes, Sherlock is standing in the doorway of the kitchen, watching him with a small frown line between his brows. John’s hands twitch with the urge to reach out and smooth that frown line away, like he always used to do. “Morning,” he says, glad that he has an excuse for his voice sounding slightly rough. It’s early, after all.
Sherlock?
Some time later the phone on his bedside table vibrates.
Sherlock nods and decides to let the argument go for now.
The ticking of the wall clock is surprisingly loud in the stony silence. He looks at Mary sitting there, blonde hair in a messy bun, and thinks that she looks tired, and sad, and defeated, and like a complete stranger. It’s oddly dissociative, like becoming aware of one’s own heartbeat, or feeling oneself fall asleep, the way one realises that it’s impossible to ever really know anyone, that of the thousands of thoughts passing through a person’s head, one will ever only really know a very small increment.
As it turns out, John wasn’t making it up, bad grammar and all. “I have so many questions about this comment. First, what do you think is user bigcuckenergy’s gender? Is the misspelling of cock intentional, ironic or just a stupid typo? Are you supposed to provide the third person for the threesome, or will bigcuckenergy bring a third person?”
He looks around for a cab, but then he notices a black car with tinted windows sliding up to the curb.
Sherlock shrugs and pretends not to smile. “Possibly.”
Sherlock looks around his kitchen and notices for the first time that it’s grown dark outside, and that his phone is blinking with the light of a new message. Mycroft again, probably. He’s rang and sent texts and Sherlock has been studiously ignoring him.
“Okay, Mr Sociopath, who brings me water and cleans up my vomit, who tucks in my daughter, and does Mrs Hudson’s shopping when you think she isn’t looking, do you know how I know you’re not a sociopath?” John’s tone is both long-suffering and fond, and he too seems to be enjoying the old argument.
, and then the lights hit him and he’s on.
John shivers. “I can’t,” he says, looking at his hands, unable to hold Sherlock's gaze, his voice rough with emotion. “I can’t. She… I can’t.”
as a person, not just a brain in a moderately attractive jar.
It’s quiet backstage. Sherlock half listens to the dialogue coming over the tinny speaker above the stage door. He has fifteen minutes until he needs to be on stage.
Since the pool.
“This isn’t over,” Moriarty growls, and Sherlock knows Moriarty is talking mostly to him. Then he turns and storms out.
The Midnight Queen sighs, looking down at her hands. “This is not entirely true. The Ancients left us instructions, how to find the spots where the walls between worlds are thin, and how to build the bridges that bring the worlds together. But the only copy of the book in existence was kept safely among the treasures of our people, and few knew its secrets.”
That night, he takes the tube out to Islington and wades through boxes and boxes full of stuff in his storage unit until he finds his dad’s old six-shooter.
@thehotdude
There was so much blood that night. On John’s hands, soaked into his jeans. He threw those jeans out. Couldn’t look at them anymore.
“John.”
Sherlock returns the key to his hotel room before he heads to the tent, wondering if anyone will notice that he didn’t set one foot in his room. He spent the night in John’s bed, again. He slept well and late, again. There was ridiculously good morning sex in the shower, and Sherlock feels a bit unsettled by all of it. He enjoyed all of it. The sex, the eating cold antipasti with their fingers while reading stupid internet comments, the sleeping in John’s bed, the showering together.
“So your gran taught you how to bake?”
“She’s very good, but she’s got a lot to learn, obviously. But she’s the most promising DSM I’ve had so far. She managed to prevent Mary from killing our director today, her pregnancy rage is worse than her bride rage was.”
“Me neither,” Mr Chatterjee says, nodding at the pie. “It’s a perfectly normal, perfectly fine mince pie.”
The taxi ride takes the longest 17 minutes and 33 seconds of his life.
He gets off the bed and opens it. Molly’s on the other side, smiling at him shyly. “We’ve got pizza. John said to get you.”
“Because I can’t tell you something you don’t already know.”
She nods at him, a simple acknowledgement of fact. “Classic mistake. Cheese in the batter, not on top,” she says with a nod at Mary, who’s at that moment comforting a depressed Dimmock. She turns to John and lays a hand on his arm and Sherlock suppresses the urge to go over there and bat her hand away.
The next bit is actually controversial, because a lot of Austrians eat their Powidltascherln with breadcrumbs, and even in my own family some people prefer them with breadcrumbs, but trust me:
Sherlock shrugs, relieved that there won’t be any drama. “Why not.”
He wonders again who reliably informed Sherlock that he has no heart, and whether John could kill them and hide their body so it will never be found.
“That will never happen,” Sherlock vows. “Keep your grubby hands off my followers.”
He takes a look around the quiet street. It’s a foggy night, and the mist turns the streetlights into otherworldly glow-globes, the halo of water droplets glistening in the dim warmth of the lamps.
“I talked to Mrs Hudson, by the way.”
“Bakers, on your marks, get set, bake.”
Second, the GoFundMe page.
“There’s no such thing as fairies,” Sherlock answers, rolling his eyes at John.
“He pre-made dough and is letting it rest overnight.”
The Midnight Queen looks from one of  them to the other, and her gaze softens. “Somehow,” she says gently, “you’ve stumbled into the middle of this. It’s only fair to warn you. We will deal with Jim, one day. Until then, stay out of it.” She rises. “If the opportunity presents itself to send you back before we finally close the Gate forever, then we will let you know.”
John’s lips twitch with a smile he can barely control, and he looks pointedly at the mug sitting next to Sherlock’s elbow. “Well, that’s good, then,” he says and starts walking towards Sherlock again, leaning heavily on his cane. He sets down the duffle bag and hands Sherlock the mug that’s sitting on his workstation. “Still warm enough to drink.”
They make their way into the inside of the circle, and as soon as they’ve both stepped inside, everything goes completely still. John hears nothing. No wind. No rustling. Not even the sea. It’s as if  the stones have created a cone of silence.
No. What the hell does he think he’s doing? He and John are not,
John knows he should just shut up and accept this. But shutting up has never been a Watson strength. “So any and all emotion is just brain chemistry?”
Sherlock bends down, letting his fingers drift over the cold stones to find the flat, round edged ones, the ones that are perfect for skipping. He finds a few, and throws one with the sharp, clear edged slicing throw he remembers from being a boy. The stone skips, once, twice, three, four, five times, then sinks under the water.
“Weren’t you going?” Sherlock asks, grinning smugly.
“Now what?” John mutters, annoyed, pressing the buttons on the lift in the dim twilight of the emergency lights, as if that’s going to help anything.
My grandmother made a version of this for Christmas Eve when I was a kid.
"Exactly," John says and grins. "Knew you'd catch on eventually."
Sherlock ignores him and starts examining the workstations for drafts, quality of ovens, fridge temperatures and so on. The crew pay no attention to them. John sits down on one of the crates and watches him carefully.
He opens the ancient refrigerator and takes quick stock of ingredients. Eggs, butter. No milk.
This is the worst one yet. Worse than hatred. Worse than dying. Worse than death.
“I agree, dear,” Mrs Hudson answers with a sigh. “But it would be nicer if you could be happy too.”
“Good night, John,” Sherlock answers around the lump in his throat, and he is so very, very tempted to forget all of his good intentions and pull John in, kiss him, take him back to Sherlock’s cold, empty hotel room, mess his sheets up as thoroughly as they’ve messed up each other, fall asleep with a warm, constant weight at his back. Wake up in the early morning, look over at John, say the words, finally.
Sherlock grins back. “You’re on.”
Almost.
“Sherlock, for the millionth time, I’m not using my patients as guinea pigs!” John protests, but he takes the vial from Sherlock. “What is this, anyway?”
Sherlock thinks as his feet slow and finally stop.
With obvious effort, John pulls himself off the couch and holds out his hand. “Come on, genius, let’s get you to bed.”
Lestrade and John enter the space, and Lestrade says, “Wow, what?”
“Only time I can get some peace,” Holmes mutters, attention already mostly back on the cadaver. He gestures at John with the scalpel. “Usually at least.”
There. Chatting with Sherlock’s mother. He’s wearing a dark blue suit, a white dress shirt, his regimental tie. He’s smiling distantly and there’s an expression of polite interest on his face.
Now, he yearns for Baker Street with a single-minded eagerness he hasn’t felt since he was a small child, before Christmas mornings lost their magic.
Doesn’t make it easier to watch.
“What, now?” John asks wearily, and Sherlock has no idea what he’s talking about.
“John,” he says, quietly, barely audibly over the chattering of the other bakers congratulating each other on their respective birthday cakes.
It’s only when they enter a clearing that John realises he’s been here before. It takes him a moment to recognise the Fey’a village with its tree houses that are almost invisible if you aren’t standing right in front of them. A few Fey’a are out and about, going about their chores, collecting firewood, mending clothes, cooking food, minding playing children. It’s almost peaceful, but when they enter the clearing that serves as a sort of village main square, all eyes turn to them, and most gazes are hostile. Something happened here. Something more than a bit not good.
@johnwatsonsblog.co.uk
Sherlock shrugs. “Nobody knows, since the Gate is supposedly closed.”
“See? I told you.”
She turns to Sherlock, and her smile noticeably dims. “Dr. Sholto asks if you’ve got some more of the stronger Feverweed.”
between them is glaringly, amusingly for some, obvious.
He gets up and so does Greg, stubbing out his cigarette. Greg looks grim. “Let’s do this.”
“Am I bad for you?” Sherlock asks, closing his eyes so he won’t have to look at John.
When Sherlock looks at the papers, he goes still.
Also you know I don’t sleep. - SH
Sent: 4:35 am
Sherlock snorts in amusement, though he does see Janine’s point. The tent looks almost exactly like the one they filmed Bake Off in.
The boy addressed as Holmes merely grunts, sits down at an empty table and starts eating mechanically, never taking his eyes off his book.
Sherlock smokes his second cigarette in a row, and he’s still feeling oddly unsettled.
“I can explain,” Sherlock says, alarmed now by the blankness in John’s voice, in his eyes.
It takes one look at Mycroft’s face when he lands in London to know everything.
“I think it’s the getting shelled part that sets John apart from us mere mortals,” Sherlock quips, and both Molly and John laugh, Molly’s shoulders relaxing a bit.
He nods and detaches his hand from Sherlock’s, who’s still holding onto him even in his sleep.
Sherlock gets up to check on his souffle, which is rising nicely.
John smiles, incredibly relieved. If Sherlock is back to insulting people, it can’t be that bad.
It’s the wrong thing to do.
“Oh.” John looks a bit deflated, but he rallies quickly and pours himself some more tea, an obvious ploy to have something to do other than fidget.
John flashes him a weak smile. “So you don't want to go back there.”
It’s evening when he arrives, and he doesn’t go straight into the main hospital tent, he hovers on the outskirts, hoping to get a glimpse of John, to have some kind of idea what he’s walking into.
The car is quiet. Lestrade went for coffee about 30 minutes ago. John has been asleep for about fifteen of these minutes.
@johnwatsonsblog.co.uk
He does the math in his head. Assuming Mrs. Hudson is sixty years old, and assuming her mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother all had children no later than 20, that’s still 120 years.
John nods at him and Sherlock lets go. Slowly, but steadily, John walks across the room towards the door. Then he turns. “Bit late to go back. The bed’s made in the guest room. So you can. You know. Stay. If you want to.”
Sherlock doesn’t react. His curls are damp, a clear sign that he roamed the streets again rather than sit through the endless boring hours of classes that are inflicted on both of them but which Sherlock mostly ignores.
Sherlock doesn’t say.
Sherlock smiles back and realises he also doesn’t care.
The hosts are the two owners of the London Baking Emporium, former renowned pastry chefs Martha Hudson and Marie Turner. The judges are three professional bakers.  There’s up-and-coming talent Sebastian Moran, the cool, judgemental pastry chef of the three star London restaurant Le Circ. The second member is the owner of the famous cafe and bakery Just Desserts Gregory Lestrade. The third is the queen of the pop-up pastry shops Sally Donovan. The hosts and judges mingle among the contestants, meeting and greeting everybody. When it’s his turn Sherlock has the impression that they’re all wildly curious about him, so he tries to be as mysterious as possible. He notices they all tip-toe a bit around John, and he wonders about the cane again.
It’s odd for Molly to be uncertain when she talks to him. She’s at least ten years older than him, and she supervised the first year of his training, and normally she’s very aware that it’s his job to listen when she talks, but right now she hesitates. “I’m not sure it is my place to get involved, but from what Sherlock said, things in your world are very…. different from ours in… some respects,” she says, obviously weighing every word very carefully.
John snorts, a harsh unamused sound. “No, it’s my head that’s fucked up. Doesn’t change the fact that if I get up right now, I’ll fall flat on my face, and as much as I might deserve it, my daughter doesn’t.”
Sherlock shrugs, even though he knows John isn’t looking at him. They’re keeping a carefully polite distance between their bodies, no sleeves brushing or shoulders bumping. It’s oddly unnatural, given the shortness of time they’ve actually known each other. “It’s fine, but it won’t get me the money I need in time. I’m going to have to get my trust fund from out of Mycroft’s clutches somehow.”
“I got an offer. From one of the big chains. They want the space for a franchisee.”
Mycroft gives Sherlock another infuriatingly superior smile. “I will speak to you later, Sherlock. Dr Watson.” He inclines his head in John’s direction and leaves without another word.
"And surprisingly easy."
John breathes. Slowly, he calms down. The noises rush back, the people milling around them push at them from all sides, but they’re standing in the flow like stones, letting rivers of people wash around them.
"I miss you too." Sherlock sounds as wistful as John feels.
“John.”
The door dings. Sherlock looks up, heart beating too fast.
It strikes John again how different Sherlock is. Even a year ago, he would have come right out and said whatever he’s thinking, but he’s learned to be cautious. And as nice as it is that Sherlock has learned a bit of tact, a part of John hates that caution because it shows him that there’s still something between them that’s not completely back to the way it was. Sherlock always spoke his unfiltered thoughts to John because he knew John wouldn’t judge him for them and wouldn’t think any less of him, love him any less. Somewhere between Mary and Magnussen and all that endless nightmare of a year between Mary shooting Sherlock and Mary dying and them finally managing to put both those things behind them, that certainty was lost. The last year was good, mostly. John’s back in therapy, there have been cases and adventures and quiet times with Rosie and without her, and slowly, very slowly, they’ve reached a sort of equilibrium again. But they’re not quite there yet.
“You two are adorable,” Molly states, and Sherlock is about to snap at her, but then all of their oven timers announce the end of proofing time, and Sherlock is relieved to be able to go back to baking.
Sherlock is too busy to pay much attention to the rest of the room, but he can see a variety of scones, raisin, chocolate chip, plain, savoury.
Why did Sherlock kiss him? Are boys even supposed to kiss other boys? And how would that even work? Boys are supposed to kiss girls. And Sherlock has never shown even the slightest interest in kissing anyone, boy or girl. Why would he suddenly be interested in kissing John?
Sherlock snorts. “Lestrade’s an idiot. He won’t believe us, and he’ll tell us off for investigating on our own.”
Five weeks. At the most. If John gets to the finale - which he should - they’ll have five weeks left. And then John will be out of Sherlock’s life again. So best not to get used to him, to his presence, the way he shapes himself around Sherlock, the way he seems to fill all the hollowed-out places in Sherlock’s life.
John has no idea what that means but he’s too tired to find out. So he settles in his seat and watches Sherlock Holmes remove rabbit entrails until he falls asleep.
The place smells of ancient cigarette smoke and grease, but Sherlock can still smell the chlorine, underneath it all. It’s sharp and clean and surely by this point utterly imaginary.
Sent: 5:31 am
“It was getting cold so I drank it myself,” Sherlock lies, but he feels his lips tug up into a smile. “That’s what you get for being late.”
“You think he’s pissed that we didn’t ask him to be a judge?” John asks, and the tension dissipates as some people chuckle.
Sherlock swallows hard and pulls at John until he's sprawled against Sherlock’s chest again.
Sherlock shrugs. “Father says if the Americans don’t enter the war, we won’t last that long.”
John just grins, unrepentant, and shrugs. “I’m sorry for the inconvenience,” he mutters and rolls on top of Sherlock to nuzzle against his neck.
“What are you baking today, John?” she asks, and the camera moves on.
Sherlock points at the box. “No, no, you go ahead and play gentleman, I’ll just drop the cake and ruin Molly’s wedding.”
By the time John has two fingers inside him, Sherlock is beyond rational thought.
“Are you scared that you might be going home tomorrow? John?“
John wipes the dust off his stage manager’s desk with a gentle and loving hand. He straightens the roll of gaffer tape and adjusts the headphones on their hook. Then he steps out onto the stage.The seats are covered in dust sheets. The headlights are in storage, and the sickly glow of the working lights does nothing to penetrate the deep gloom of the auditorium.
“Boring.”
“Same with lamps,” Mary adds. “In your hand, prop. On the wall, lights. But only if it actually works, if it doesn’t work, it’s part of the set.”
Before he can stop himself, he opens a browser and googles John Watson’s blog.
“No, they’ll only criticise the way you did it and point out a thousand ways you might have done these scones differently.”
“Of course,” Sherlock says and gestures at the kitchen. “I think I will risk the coffee.”
They wait for the weekend and tell Mrs. Hudson they’re going fishing and won’t be back until Sunday evening. This gives them two days to watch the Gate.
, a deep-seated, shuddering disgust. “What else, then? University?”
He’s shivering by now, his teeth knocking with cold.
John rubs a hand over his face. “Just… can we get through this week?”
Five to fifteen seconds. An adult male will bleed out in five to fifteen seconds if the carotid artery is severed. John has witnessed firsthand how long five to fifteen seconds can be if you have to watch somebody bleed out under your hands and you know you can do nothing, nothing…
John gives him a quick, barely perceptible nod and takes a sip of his tea, leaning back in his chair. He’s trying to look relaxed, but his body language is tense.
Sherlock shrugs, still holding John’s eyes in the reflection. “I didn’t want to startle you.”
John smiles at him, fondly, wearily. “Go back to sleep.”
She opens the door to 221A and vanishes inside, and he goes up the steps to 221B and sits in his chair, staring at John’s chair, wondering about loneliness, and about how you only notice it when a space that was filled is suddenly empty.
“Yes?”
John shrugs and looks down at his somewhat battered-looking phone. "Well, my sister was supposed to pick me up half an hour ago, and she's not answering her phone, so I'm not holding my breath." He looks up at Sherlock and smiles, but it seems forced, and Sherlock can see the strain. "Well, there's a train station a few miles down the road, and some of the crew will be going that way, so I can catch a ride with them."
“You’re not going to be any help at all about this, are you?” John asks, but it’s a rhetorical question and Sherlock doesn’t bother answering.
“Time!” Mrs Turner yells, and everybody seems relieved.
“What do you think Moriarty will do?” John asks, then takes a bite of his cheese toastie.
John is just placing the last of his scones on his cake stand. Sherlock has arranged his savoury macarons so they’re aesthetically pleasing as well as delicious. When he returns with the scones and the small bowl of strawberry jam, his foot snags on a power cable that’s somehow escaped from its gaffer-taped prison.
Sherlock says nothing, he just reaches out and trails his thumb over John’s cheekbone and down his jawline, feeling the slight rasp of stubble. John’s eyes dart to his and Sherlock can see them darken. “Flour,” he says quietly.
The treacherous organ in Sherlock’s chest does a complicated thing, speeds up and twists and makes its presence felt. Sherlock takes a chip and eats it mechanically. “The chips are revolting,” Sherlock says, voice not entirely steady.
Sherlock looks at him and shrugs. “You broke my nose. You wouldn’t talk to me. If you
They’re not ten steps away from the bar, which is also on Baker Street, when Sherlock’s phone starts to vibrate in his coat pocket. He takes it out and checks. Mycroft. Of course. He turns it off without hesitation, conscious that John is watching his every move.
“Sussex.”
John is walking next to him, steady and calm and mostly quiet since Sherlock told him what happened.
Sherlock smirks.
“How exactly was he dull?” John asks, unconsciously rubbing his ribs.
He closes his browser and goes back to his bake.
Finally, Sherlock sighs into the darkness. “I meant what I said, you know.”
“I’d been to rehab once before. It didn’t stick. Mainly because of my boyfriend at the time.” Sherlock swallows. He’s never talked about this to anyone, never mentioned Victor’s name after he walked away. “We met at Uni. We got along well, and had similar interests. Got a flat together in our second year. Uni was boring. Life was boring. I was reading chemistry, so I started experimenting with drugs. Drugs weren’t boring, at least. Victor was curious, so I shared some of my experiments, and we escalated pretty quickly. LSD, meth. Heroin. We weren’t picky. We were both of us from independently wealthy backgrounds, so we went through our respective trust funds rather quickly. That was when Mycroft came along and put both of us in rehab.”
“And?”
“Then you know,” she whispers, gazing at them wide-eyed. “What else can I tell you? They must’ve brought you here, too.”
“It’s not very elegant, I know.”
They wait in silence, and there’s an uncomfortable edge to it that Sherlock can’t help but be aware of. It’s something he isn’t used to, because he and John were always able to talk together or be quiet together without any discomfort whatsoever. But as he refuses to engage in small talk just for the sake of something to say, he keeps his mouth shut.
But Sherlock just nods, still addressing the dead pig. “I lie in bed for as long as I can stand it, and then I get up.”
The woman is lying on the autopsy table, already wrapped up for burial, except her head.
Sherlock opens his eyes and just looks at John, and the quiet, peaceful intimacy of the moment makes John’s heartbeat pick up. John swallows, and for a moment he thinks of leaning down and pressing his lips to Sherlock’s forehead, just briefly. “Why are you doing this?” Sherlock asks, and John knows that he’s genuinely puzzled.
Sherlock just grunts and notes down a few thoughts. John thinks about getting to his feet, then decides against it. He closes his eyes, just for a few seconds…
Most of the others get criticism for their bottoms, or their fillings, or their crust, or all three. The woman whose filling oozed out of the pie form starts to cry.
“No. They’ve been careful not to do any permanent damage.”
John carefully checks that nobody is watching them, then gets out of the car and jogs over to the small petrol station around the corner.
“How are we similar?” Sherlock asks, curious. “John’s a bit above the common herd, of course, but he’s still quite normal, and people genuinely seem to like him. I’m a genius and people usually can’t stand me.”
John just stares at him. “You don’t think I’m glad to have you back?” he asks, and there’s something quivering in his voice, something like anger, but not quite.
“Tube.”
John, as always, follows.
“I need to go set up,” he says to Emma, and she shoos him away to welcome Janine and Molly who have arrived together.
“Please keep them to yourself,” John says, and there’s the tiniest hint of amusement in his voice.
“I said if he doesn’t tell you he likes you, you won’t figure it out on your own,” Molly says, looking up at him and giving him a small smile.
John frowns, the disappointment on his face replaced with confusion. “Explain to me how this only dessert thing is supposed to work.”
“Bad idea,” John mutters, and the dangerous, warm thing in his eyes is in his voice now as well. “Terrible idea, in fact. You’re far too drunk, and I’m not half drunk enough. Trust me,” he adds, removing the finger from Sherlock’s lips. “Bad idea.”
Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner are wandering between the contestants with the steadycam in tow and are watching the contestants struggling - or not - with their dough. They’re at John’s workstation right now, watching him as he stretches his dough out with his competent surgeon's hands, which Sherlock is very much not imagining all over his body again, thank you very much.
I’ve never had home-made Punschkrapfen before, come to think of it. We all just buy them. But never, NEVER pre-packaged in a supermarket, because these don’t have a sugar icing, they just sort of dunk them in a fat-based red glaze, and that’s not what it’s about at all.
“Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock automatically responds, shaking the offered hand. Strong and affirmative grip, interesting calluses. Guns, something else. Ex-military, obvious. Definitely not the type of person Sherlock expected to meet here. He thought he’d compete against bored housewives and middle-aged, pudgy men in the throes of a midlife crisis. This man is neither.
John doesn’t bother with taking off his jeans, he just unbuckles the belt and unzips his fly, and the way he unceremoniously bares his erection to Sherlock’s hungry gaze is incredibly arousing. He wraps his hand around himself and gives his cock a long, languid stroke.
“John?”
for you?”
“Our first challenge is the classic: Roulade with strawberry whipped cream.”
Sherlock looks up at the last suggestion. "I've already tried that."
Totally do it
John swallows, and there’s something in his voice when he answers, that seems to come from far away, from far inside his head. “I have an intermittent tremor in my left hand. I can’t... “ he looks down and licks his lips. He balls his left hand to a fist briefly, an automatic, nervous gesture that Sherlock has noticed a thousand times but only now understands. “I can’t perform procedures anymore. I can’t even do any bloody stitches.”
“Me too,” John answers, wishing he could kiss Sherlock now.
“Um… good to know?” John smiles at him.
The thing is, John has always been a walking contradiction. The things he thinks he wants and the things he actually wants, and the things he thinks he should want, are in constant conflict. John wants adventure and excitement, yes, but he also wants a normal, steady person who can show him affection without inhibition, who will go to dinner and shopping and to the theatre and the movies and to take walks and fall asleep in front of the telly with him.
It’s just past seven, and the tent with the workstations is dark and cool.
“How can you ever make decisions, then?” Sherlock asks, and there’s an edge of desperation in his voice.
From this chapter on, as per request, I will share inspirations and recipes. Since many of the recipes I drew inspiration from are in German, I tried to find English equivalents, which sometimes wasn’t that easy.
By 2 am, he gives it up as a lost cause and wanders down the rickety, narrow back stairs into his kitchen/studio/workroom. The tiles are cold under his bare feet, but he pays it no mind and switches on the oven to preheat.
But Sherlock was there first. And Sherlock knows, somewhere deep down, that the reason Mary is nice to him, the reason they dance around each other and maintain a careful equilibrium is that they’re both terrified of making John choose, because neither of them is sure John would choose them.
The case is glorious. A locked room mystery, a hidden treasure, cryptic messages, old grudges and mysterious poisons. In the course of the case, they climb up the rain-gutter of a two-story building, break into a garret, search for a stolen boat and a missing captain, and finally, incredibly, chase their criminals on the Thames in a racing boat. There’s even a shoot-out between John and one of the criminals.
John’s recipe book.
“Did you use it?” Irene asks, cigarette poised between her lips. Sherlock absently wonders how her make-up is always so perfect.
"Three options. One, forget about the bakery idea and rely on the business you already have, which would be the most financially sound advice" she says, enumerating points on her fingers. "Two, bide your time and look for another location until you've saved enough money to open your bakery, even if it isn't on the premises you want. Third, I could try to get you a bank loan."
“Next time, just stick it in the freezer,” Molly advises, and Sherlock looks up from his phone, surprised, because that’s just about the only way to ‘fix’ runny choux pastry without completely ruining it. In fact, Sherlock made a video this week on the chemistry behind choux pastry, and he recommended this tactic of fixing them.
“Oh, poor thing.” The old man shakes his head mournfully. His hair is lush and white, and he's wearing spectacles. His gossamer wings and tiny stature are all that set him apart from every librarian John has ever met on Earth. “She was such a ray of sunshine. Always smiling, just so happy to have a job.”
another person’s body this close. But he definitely wants John’s body close, closer, much closer, all over him.
“I need to get back to this, otherwise I’ll make the same mistake again.”
Sherlock is staring at him wordlessly.
“Do you want me to stop?” Sherlock says, teasing along the rigid length.
Today, and most days now, a fast, light tread, barely touches the sixth step from below - John is in a good mood, relaxed and content.
Molly follows Janine out of the room, but Irene stays and looks between them. “The jam is really nice, Sherlock,” she says, then hands John his cane, who takes it with a slightly embarrassed frown.
Sherlock nods his thanks. "Are you getting picked up?"
John smirks at him, resting a hand casually on Sherlock’s hip and pulling him closer, tangling their legs together until they’re thoroughly entwined. “No, but I’m not the one whose knickers got into a twist the first time this happened.”
So Sherlock isn’t in the best mood when Mr Chatterjee comes to call.
“What’s this, then?” John asks, gesturing at Sherlock’s open laptop screen.
“Have you ever had hot potatoes with salt and butter?”
John kisses him back. He tastes of gunmetal and danger, of home and tea and London fog. Of everything good and right in Sherlock’s life.
They’re in Rome for a few days, a layover between Sofia and Kiev, to meet an associate of Mycroft’s who can give them information about the Topulev crime family.
John tumbles them down to the bed, and Sherlock loses track of time for a bit as John covers him with his body and grinds their hips together.
“He has a point,” Sherlock says, and gets up, dropping his cigarette and stamping it out. “I’ll show you.”
They’re sent out of the tent for the usual money shots of the bakes, and usually Sherlock would go outside for a cigarette, but it’s still raining, so the contestants all huddle together around the tea urn.
John smiles and grabs Sherlock’s wrist. “They’re idiots. You’re brilliant. They should listen to you.”
“I know.” Janine sighs. “But some of us actually work for a living, Mr YouTuber, and I can’t just tell my clients that they need to wait for their contracts because their solicitor needs to bake cupcakes.”
She stirs slightly, wincing in pain as she does.
Sherlock closes his eyes and allows himself to sink into his mind palace for a few minutes. Locatelli’s violin concerto in D major is an excellent distraction, so he plays the first movement in his mind, imagining the strings of his violin cutting into his fingertips, the bow moving strong and subtle. It’s notoriously difficult to play, and he loves the ‘harmonic labyrinth’, as the title calls the piece so tellingly.
John shrugs. “Not really. We were young, and we were just having a bit of fun. He never said…” he trails off, because he can’t finish that sentence.
“Surely six years would be enough,” Sherlock points out a bit more sharply than he meant to.
John collapses against him, sticky and sweaty and disgusting, and Sherlock wants to never move again.
Sherlock restrains himself from making a sexually suggestive comment about handcuffs. They are sort of in public, after all. Instead, he looks at the pictures again. Tiny workspace, tiny oven, ancient equipment. No wonder John crushes walnuts with a rolling pin. He has no other equipment at home.
Moriarty is next, and while his multilayered mini-cheesecakes are undoubtedly the most difficult bake in the room, the judges think there’s too much going on in the taste department.
@johnwatsonsblog
Reassured, John takes another step closer and examines the rabbit. There are no bite marks or visible injuries. “What did it die of?” he asks.
“Even if that were true,” Sherlock answers, gun trained unwaveringly on the killer. “I highly doubt we’d live long enough to enjoy a happy homecoming. Step this way, please.”
“You don’t have to see me out,” John says, and there’s a tension in his voice that says more clearly than words that he would rather Sherlock didn’t.
The director yells, “Cut!”, and everybody mills around, saying goodbye to Mike, or congratulating Sherlock.
“Why did he kill her?” Moriarty asks, and there's something distinctly off about the tone of his voice, it's too... clinical, too detached somehow.
John Watson releases his hand and smiles, and Sherlock discovers that when John Watson smiles, it’s difficult not to smile back. “This is going to be fun.”
It is a bit rude just not to come, though. John might have texted. Sherlock frowns, a bit put out now. It doesn’t seem like John to stand him up without so much as a word.
He swallows, and John frowns at him over the breakfast table. Sherlock shrugs. “No need to chase him, he’s everywhere. We just need to follow the crimes; sooner or later they’ll lead us to him.”
“That…” John finally says, “was amazing.”
he had a fucking knife, and you couldn’t wait five fucking seconds? Five fucking seconds for us to catch up with you?” He’s yelling by the last words, and as he tapes the gauze over the wound, Sherlock winces.
The two hosts come over and Sherlock takes a few moments to explain what he’s doing. When they ask him about whose favourite the cake is, he lies and tells them it’s his mother’s, which is sort of true, because she is the only member of his family to ever try it.
At the tarmac, when he finally realised that he’d run out of time.
It’s an empty gesture, but oddly satisfying.
John gets up from his table as the actors move either outside into the small courtyard that separates the rehearsal area from the theatre proper, or to the tiny kitchen to get a drink.
“You asking me every five minutes whether I’m done is not contributing to my working speed.”
“Act 2 Beginners, 10 minutes,” Mike’s voice calls over the speakers.
Sherlock has wrapped a leather thong around it so he can let it spin – he likes doing that while he thinks, John's discovered – and he dangles it in the air now. The stone spins for a bit, and then it points towards the forest.
Everybody cheers, and John gets clapped on the back. Irene takes over the filming and asks John, “How does it feel to have won both mini-Bake Offs?”
Never again. He will never again give Mycroft the opportunity. He was going to ask Mycroft to at least co-sign a loan, if he wasn’t going to lend Sherlock the money himself. He was going to point out that it’s deeply unfair that Mycroft is sitting on Sherlock’s trust fund and only doling out amounts Mycroft thinks are appropriate for Sherlock to live off. He knows Mycroft will say no to the first and will point out that if Sherlock had access to the entirety of his trust fund, he would have blown it all on drugs by now, which is - unfortunately - entirely true. It’s also pointless to argue that the 150,000 pounds he needs is small change for Mycroft, because Mycroft will only point out that he has worked hard for his money and been careful with his investments, and if Sherlock deigned to do either, he would enjoy the same financial security as Mycroft. Another good point. A year in financial services would give Sherlock all the capital he needs. It would also drive Sherlock into a relapse, but Mycroft was always good at ignoring facts that don’t suit his narrative.
John’s door is ajar and the bedside lamp is on. Sherlock enters without knocking, and John only lifts his head a bit, then lets it drop back down onto the pillow.
“Now hush,” Jim says to both of them, eyes trained on the forest. “I rather think our special guest is here, and you’re a surprise for him, Johnny.” With that, Moriarty turns down the lamp until it’s barely more than a glimmer.
. It’s just brain chemistry, one more dopamine hit. I can’t make decisions based on what I want, John. Because what I
John nods. "Home."
He reaches for the phone, checking the caller ID.
“Are you tempted? To see whether we can strike a bargain with a killer to get us home?” John asks, and it comes out more challenging that he meant to. But he has to know.
Mycroft reaches for the jar Sherlock indicated and spreads a generous amount of the bright red jam on his scone. “Excellent,” he says with the air of a true connoisseur. “Lemon zest?”
Mrs Turner shrugs and turns to the camera. “I think she should be glad I didn’t bring up the jam first or cream first debate.”
“Billy, this is John Watson,” Sherlock says, gesturing at John. “I want you to give him back his watch.”
“No tomatoes, John, remember?”
The distraction is so effective that he doesn’t notice someone approaching until he feels a hand on his arm.
He’s tried really hard in the last 24 hours not to think of Sherlock, and he’s having a difficult time thinking of anything else. And every time he thinks of last night, the entire shit-show of Sherlock showing up as a waiter and the subsequent deterioration of the evening, John has to fight the urge to laugh hysterically at the same time as he feels like curling up into a ball and crying his eyes out.
“Who?” Mary asks, stealing his beer and taking a sip before handing it back.
“I don’t know. Fucking hell, where the fuck is Mike!?” John looks around and sees Mike sitting in the first seat of the row behind the one they’re kneeling next to, sound asleep.
Startled, Sherlock glares at her to cover his surprise. “Why would I care about that?”
John’s entire face softens as he finally, finally understands what Sherlock is trying to say. “You stop thinking, and you just do.”
“You brought me here to eat mince pies?” Mr Chatterjee asks, and Sherlock shakes his head.
“Oh, dear, gladly. I’ll make sure it gets ‘round to him, too.”
“I like the way you’re thinking,” he mutters against Sherlock’s lips, and rocks against Sherlock’s erection again.
Irene looks at him, and he can tell that she’s worried. “Are you all right?”
“Fine,” Lya grates out between her teeth, still speaking Feyara. Then she switches into English, for which John is eternally grateful. “The Gate is open. We’ve seen it. It’s….” she shudders. “It’s an abomination. They didn’t just reopen the Gate, they ripped it open.” She glares at Sherlock and John. “This is so typical of you humans. Always trying to control nature, never following its rules.”
They start moving down, and the soft, monotone music somewhat softens the almost frosty silence between them. Sherlock has no idea what to say, and he has absolutely no clue what to do either. He knows he doesn’t want John to just walk away tonight, but he hasn’t the faintest idea how to stop him.
Sherlock scoffs and turns his head away again, ignoring John, to stare out of the window.
Sherlock smiles back. “Are you about finished eating? I want to go.”
Sherlock shrugs. “What are you doing here?” he asks, in the spirit of attack being the best defence.
Sherlock doesn’t answer.
Seb, who’s been scratching at his arm, looks down at his hand and stops scratching.
He doesn’t necessarily like that thought about himself much, but being Sherlock Holmes’ only friend is just about the one thing that makes him extraordinary these days.
“But that didn't stop him for long, did it?” Sherlock states.
“Come in,” Mr. Musgrave’s voice answers. John looks at Sherlock, surprised, but Sherlock just opens the door and lets himself in, gesturing at John to follow, which he reluctantly does, trailing behind Sherlock.
John debates for a second, but curiosity wins over caution and he asks the question he’s been wanting to ask since Day 1. “How was Broadway?” By which of course he means, how have you been, tell me everything.
Sherlock lies awake and watches John sleep for an entirely too long time, then gets up and finds his laptop.
He runs down the stairs and almost collides with an oddly dressed woman he recognises as a member of Sherlock’s homeless network.
He finally lets go of Sherlock and turns to leave.
June 12th, 3:30 am
“We’ll have to agree to disagree about that one,” John muses and sits down to eat another mini-quiche.
He starts out of his thoughts when John touches his shoulder. “I need the loo, can I go upstairs?”
John lets out a sigh of relief. “Your brother is… intense.”
They arrived so quietly he didn’t notice them until they stepped out from behind the trees or flew down from the branches above his head. There’s about twenty of them, and they’re armed with bows and arrows, nasty-looking spears and curved throwing knives.
“All right, but be careful.” John closes his book and gets up as well.
“You know, this is probably the only house in Britain where nobody will think I’m crazy for making scones in the middle of the night,” John says, gesturing with his tea and nearly spilling a bit.
John laughs. “Good night, Sherlock.”
“Glen? What am I supposed to do with him?”
“That is why we have two Star Bakers this week,” Sally says, giving Moran a look that does nothing to hide her annoyance with him. “Sherlock Holmes and Jim Moriarty.”
They all turn to face the front of the tent, where Molly and her husband - Sherlock thinks his name is Geoff or thereabouts - are making their way to the small dance floor.
It’s three days to the final, and Sherlock isn’t any closer to figuring out what’s wrong with his mince pies. It’s frustrating in the extreme.
“And when were you going to tell me that you took this job?” Mycroft asks in his most long-suffering tone.
“Which is what?” John asks.
He gets up and holds the door open for the boys to pass through before them. Then he leads them outside the building and a few streets down, into an area that looks very much more conventionally English than the rest of the city. He knocks on the door of a tall, handsome building with a sign that reads “Baker Street School”.
“Hm.” John looks at the woman again. “Has anyone talked to her friends and family? Was she mentally ill, maybe?”
John hesitates only for a split second. “How about dinner?”
Sheepishly, John draws back, but not far, because Sherlock’s hand is still fisted into his t-shirt in a white-knuckled grip, and Sherlock’s still looking at him with an intensity that could melt steel, and it’s incredibly flattering, and incredibly hot. John swallows, and he forgets what he wanted to say, lost in the promise implicit in Sherlock’s gaze, until the nurse clears his throat again.
Sherlock still looks confused, but then his face does something complicated when he sees Mary’s engagement ring and the wedding binder and he connects the two to the question. For a split second, an emotion John can’t name flitters over his face, then the shutters come down and he says, “Silk. Of course. Unless you’re getting married in a barn.”
“Mike!” John yells, going over and shaking him awake. “What the fuck, you were supposed to help her.”
They walk in silence for a bit. The park is beautiful in the moonlight, even though it’s November and all the trees and bushes are bare and throw skeletal shadows in the moonlight.
“Of course.”
It would probably still taste better than his savoury scones.
She cocks her head to the side and looks at him appraisingly. “All right. You can make yourself useful and hold my instruments.”
He watches John walk away, numb with cold, but with the warm glow of hope in his stomach.
“John!”
The contestants trickle in one by one, and Sherlock pretends that he isn’t looking for John every time the tent flap opens. He ignores both friendly greetings from Irene and Molly, and Moriarty’s death glare. His heart is doing something odd, beating and tripping in his chest. One could almost call it nerves. Or better, anticipation.
@bigcuckenergy
“Go on then,” John says, and tilts his head up.
The first strike Sherlock nearly blacks out. The second strike he screams.
Sherlock swallows and tries to pretend he isn’t watching John walk away.
“I wasn’t, actually, “John says, staring at Holmes in horrified confusion. “I sort of am now.”
And he knows for a fact that next time, he won’t go after her again.
“She had something he wanted. Only it wasn't the thing he was really after,” Sherlock says, and there's something off about his tone as well. He's... measured. Cautious.
Sherlock finds John’s hand with his, laces their fingers together. “I’ll take you out for one when we get home.”
He’s just hungry, he tells himself.
The other two judges agree, and Sherlock thanks them graciously, carrying his cake back to his workstation, hoping that he can get out of here soon. There is no doubt in his mind that he’s going to win, because honestly, who else are they going to give it to. Now he just wants them to announce it so he can go home.
Sherlock sighs dramatically and turns off the oven. “Fuck the cake.”
@johnwatsonsblog
Chances of success at this venture are low, because he probably won’t be able to accumulate the amount of money he needs from strangers on the Internet in the two months he has to make Mr Chatterjee a lucrative counteroffer.
“Leave it in. Viewers love a good villain.”
Which is fine, he reminds himself. He’d just misread Sherlock’s intensity, the razor-sharp focus and consuming interest he brings to everything he does, for love. Admittedly when Sherlock suddenly and preemptively broke up with him it was a bit like being dropped from a high-rise and shattering onto the pavement into vaguely John-Watson-coloured pieces, but he’s long since put himself together and the cracks are barely visible. He just needs to make sure Sherlock doesn’t see them at all. It will be easy.
“You don’t look so good.”
Nobody knows where he is save Mycroft, and he’s not telling.
, and now our best chance of getting home has been blown up!”
When he’s greeted them all individually, he gestures for them to gather around. “We have some rules here, boys. First, I understand that boys will be boys, but I accept no fighting here. Second, you will receive three hearty, wholesome meals a day, and I ask you to respect that the cook is under strict orders not to serve any food in-between. Third, you may go anywhere within this house and within the grounds, but do not leave without asking permission. I am responsible for your safety while you are here, and I take this responsibility very seriously. I ask you to do the same.”
If Sherlock wanted to be technical about the definition of kissing – lips touching each other – then he supposes the first time they kiss is one he will never be able to remember because he was clinically dead.
“Jim? Jim?... He just walked away. Should we cut this so viewers don’t hate him, or leave it in?”
John yawns and moves from an armchair to the sofa. At least this is a sitting sort of play. He remembers the time they did Midsummer Night’s Dream and he was standing in for Puck and spent an hour perched on a ledge halfway up the upstage wall. Or the summer production where they were doing lights at four am in an outdoor venue and he was sitting on an uncomfortable bench, freezing his balls off under two blankets. Or the time he fell asleep while the lighting designer and the director tried out different ways to light the bed they had on stage.
It’s a photograph. Washed-up, browned with age, barely recognisable. It’s a girl of maybe six, seven years of age with a handsome soldier in a British Army Infantry uniform from the Great War.
A complete and utter overreaction, of course. Granted, Sherlock did omit to pay the rent a few months in a row, but if catching dangerous criminals isn’t a good reason for losing track of something as mundane as rent, then Sherlock doesn’t know what is. Granted, there was also a chemical incident, and granted his insurance didn’t cover fire damage, but it was an once in a lifetime occurrence because Sherlock will never, ever leave the Bunsen burner on when he leaves the house again.
Darkness engulfs him.
“Who says I’ve taken anything?” Sherlock asks, even though he knows how obvious it must be for John. Elevated heart rate. Dilated pupils. Wetness around the nose. Constant sniffing. And of course John has surely tasted it on his tongue, sharp and bitter.
I hate you. -SH
“I don’t know,” he says in answer to John’s complaint. “Are we counting the one we spent in jail?”
“Welcome to week six of The Great British Bake Off. This week: fillings.”
“That must be how they re-opened the Gate,” John mutters to Sherlock, and Sherlock nods absently.
John looks at him oddly. "Sweeney Todd? The Demon Barber of Fleet Street?"
Devonshire is beautiful this time of year. It’s late June and the days are endless. The breeze from the ocean is warm and smells of freedom.
Sent: 5:43 am
John rolls his eyes, and the effect is somewhat marred by a yawn he tries to hide behind his hand. “You’re not a sociopath,” John says, “For the record.”
He falls silent again, and John lets him, because he knows by now that Sherlock this deep in thought is best left undisturbed.  They continue walking along the path, mist settling in their hair and clothes, making everything damp and slightly uncomfortable. John looks at the sky occasionally in the hopes that the sun will break through the fog soon, it is July after all, but for now it doesn’t look likely.
John hooks a leg around Sherlock and starts to pull Sherlock’s shirt out of his pants so he can dip his hands beneath it, sliding cool fingers up Sherlock’s spine and down his backside. The touch sends shivers over Sherlock’s body. He moves even closer and slots their bodies together so he can feel John’s growing hardness against his thigh. It’s insanely good and Sherlock wants more, now.
She smiles a little meanly and shakes her head. “No, he doesn’t know I’m here.”
Sherlock makes a few notes in his notebook. The kettle clicks off and John gets up to pour the water over the bags of PG Tips Sherlock already dumped into two mugs.
It’s over almost in a blink of an eye. Sherlock draws back and looks at him, wild eyed and terrified. He smacks his lips together, and John stares at them, in wordless shock.
Sherlock adds a few sage leaves to the pan, enjoying the way the sage aromatises the entire kitchen. “Yes.” He hesitates. He never told anyone about this, except Mycroft. “I was actually thinking of opening a bakery.”
Sherlock shrugs. “I solved it.”
"Then why?" Sherlock asks, gesturing between the two of them.
Her hesitant tone more than anything makes him turn around. “Yes?”
Sherlock is suddenly seized by nerves, because he isn’t sure whether he crossed a line here. But John smiles at Sherlock, hesitant and subdued, and just says, “Thank you for the cake.”
His hands wander down Sherlock’s skin, tracing the outline of his erection against his trousers. Clever fingers open Sherlock’s trousers and slide in, wrapping around his cock.
“My landlord used to run this cafe. It closed a few months ago. He’s letting me use his kitchen,” Sherlock says, pointing at the door behind him, motioning for John to follow.
it almost constantly, almost every night John goes to bed, and from the look that John sometimes gives him, that warm, almost smiling expression on his face, he knows he could
“Do you want me to die of frustration?” John answers, gasping when Sherlock teases his tongue along the edges of John’s pyjama pants.
John’s fingers still for a moment, and he frowns. “We’ve always known that.”
Sherlock clings to Rosie as a quiet sob racks his frame, as something ugly and complicated takes him by the neck and wrings a sound out of him, something that’s part grief, part guilt, part purely selfish fear that he’s lost the only family he cares about having.
An hour later he’s standing on Waterloo Bridge and throwing the gun and the bullets into the Thames.
“You stopped breathing,” Victor says, gently, but firmly. “And I didn’t
“I’ll stay for as long as you’ll have me,” John answers, wrapping a leg around Sherlock’s.
John is saved from having to answer by Sherlock pulling him along behind him into the next room, which is filled with display cases, maps, globes, photographs and more books.
Sherlock hums noncommittally. “Well. Not about the filo,” he says, eyes flicking automatically to John, who’s currently forming little crescents out of biscuit dough with a concentrated frown.
He jumps and turns around, sees John Watson leaning heavily on his cane, looking tired but content. The last penny drops. “Royal Army Medical Corps, is it?”
Sherlock lays out his equipment and ingredients and goes through the bake for today. It’s Bread Week, and Sherlock is already bored.
Sherlock breathes through his panic and finds a core of cold, hard rage. He accesses their emergency cash and hires a local street gang to act as his muscle.
The house before them is big and tastefully over-decorated. Two large, festively trimmed firs flank the front of the house, and a giant wreath obscures most of the front door.
There’s a noticeable pause before John answers, all exasperated fondness, “No, but you are exactly the type to think you need to do everything by yourself, and I just wanted to remind you that you don’t.”
“The watch you wear on a chain around your neck is highly unsuitable for a twelve-year-old, and the way you unconsciously fiddle with it means it hasn’t been there for very long, you aren’t used to it being there. It’s an obvious heirloom, the kind of thing often passed from father to son. Your jumper, also too large for you, has got the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers regimental badge on it. There’s a war on. Obvious,” Sherlock enumerates, pointing at the watch and the badge in turn.
“Yep. Of course she had no idea what a doughnut was, she sold these as Krapfen to the day she died.”
“Please don’t make me repeat myself, John, you know how much I hate it,” Sherlock says, trying to sound normal, knowing he sounds gutted.
There are two problems with standing in for the actors while programming light cues. First, it’s tedious to the point of frustration to anyone not actually doing the programming. And it usually takes place when the rest of the crew is either already done for the day or hasn’t started yet. Which means additionally to being tedious, it’s also done either late at night or early in the morning.
He slowly gets up and leaves Molly’s office, then walks up to Sherlock’s room to have a serious discussion about the future.
“You’ve discovered that being the crew’s darling is good for business, that’s why you bring John a raisin scone every day, extra points for knowing they’re his favourite, by the way. Also, you have a daughter, no more than three, and she’s in daycare somewhere near Shoreditch.”
“Oh,” John says, and the smile is audible in his voice, “I think I do.”
Of course, now that Sherlock’s life is going relatively smoothly, he just has to do something to nearly fuck it all up completely. The incident is labeled in his head, oddly enough, as kiss number three.
Sherlock shrugs. “Go ahead and take it, I’d forgotten about it and I got myself a new one,” he says with just the right amount of indifferent nonchalance, gesturing at his mug.
There’s a series of Actual Original Great British Bake Off YouTube videos where Mary Berry teaches you how to make a Sachertorte, but she, too, omits the jam in the middle, which, as we now know, is not the correct way to make a Sachertorte, and John would be very disappointed in her ;-) Also I’ve never used cream to make chocolate icing in my life, you can make it with a bit of milk and a knob of butter, and I’m sure it’s just as good.
Dodging the question, I see. -SH
The rational part of him knows Sherlock is already sorry for what he said, was sorry before the words finished leaving his mouth, that Sherlock can be an arsehole when he lets his brain run away with his mouth, but the nastiness Sherlock is capable of has never been directed at
Finally, the door swings open, and John has two seconds to look around the flat. Victorian wallpaper, messy, leather sofa, fireplace, chemical equipment in the kitchen.
come down over Easter, John, the countryside is so lovely in Spring,” Sherlock’s mother is gushing, pretending to all the world that nothing at all happened over the past year that might put his and John’s relationship on a less than cordial footing, and Sherlock can practically hear John’s molars grind together.
It’s apparent that John has no intention of going anywhere right now, if the way he’s kissing Sherlock is any way to go by. Sherlock kisses back and loses himself once again in the simplicity of the body.
They’re nearing the end of their third run-through of the day and everybody can tell that the energy’s just completely gone. Adriana can barely get through her speech near the end, and Lestrade takes one look at them after they’re done and closes his book. “Notes tomorrow morning. Go home.”
The last eight months have been rough in their house. John’s been on furlough, but he comes in about once a week to check whether everything is alright. He’s been in touch with his crew over phone and email, but he hasn’t seen any of them in weeks. They had all come in over the summer when they briefly thought they might be able to open their doors again in September, but when that turned out not to be feasible, they scattered again, and John isn’t sure how long he can hold them together. He wouldn’t blame any of them for looking for another job, but it’s difficult to imagine coming back without Mary and Molly, at least. They’ve been together for so long as a crew that they understand each other without many words, a cohesive unit which works together seamlessly. A family. Inside and outside of these walls.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, and John nods.
Sherlock snorts. “It was your idea to get breakfast.”
Next to him in the darkness, Moriarty is waiting, muttering to himself, fidgeting. John wishes he could knee the man in the groin. It would be incredibly satisfying, and worth the no doubt dreadful consequences.
She snorts. “I don’t think you can.”
“Come on,” he says, disentangling them and grabbing Sherlock’s wrist. “You can buy me dinner.”
Sherlock flinches and turns to see John standing next to him, leaning against the bar, looking from him to the glass of whisky with an expression that’s caught somewhere between amused and worried.
“Edible!” Molly and Sherlock echo and the three of them clink their mugs together.
Sent: 3:32 am
John thinks about it for a minute. “How are we going to find it again, though?”
“Because I don’t want it,” Sherlock says, and even as he says it, he knows he’s lying through his teeth, but he hopes that John can’t tell.
Mary and Mike are also in, they’re replacing two headlights that fried yesterday during dress.
When he hands it back, John is giving him that oddly soft look again. Then he grins and fires off a quick text.
“Rosie asked about Mary,” he says, because he doesn’t want to say what he’s really thinking, which is,
He’s teaching at Uni, moved to Manchester and lives with a bloke. Sherlock gets punched in the face. John breaks up with the bloke but stays in Manchester. Sherlock moves to Manchester. He hates it. John throws him out after his third cocaine bender. Sherlock goes back to London alone. John stays in Manchester.
And the real problem is of course that Sherlock not only completely and utterly underestimated how much John loves him, he also completely and utterly underestimated how much he loves John. Being without John is excruciating. For both of them, it seems.
Where would I be? -SH
Sherlock smiles a bit sadly, and John’s heart gives a twist inside his chest. “Pig hearts aren’t for the weak-stomached.”
“Fine. Do the show. It’ll be more fun if I’m not the only moderately competent baker.”
“Deja vu,” Janine mutters as she walks behind them.
They come again. They've got a metal rod this time.
“Kind of makes you think,” John says, as he puts back the possessions they disturbed.
“Anything to add?”
Their eyes meet and suddenly the tension that was there most of the day is back, and Sherlock is aware that they’re alone, and there’s nobody watching them. He takes a step closer to John, and John backs up and pushes the door of his room open with his heel. Sherlock follows, dragging his small carry-on suitcase with him.
He nods at his brother in greeting and makes himself comfortable as the car enters early evening traffic.
Sherlock’s sitting on the sofa. Half a dead pig is lying on their coffee table. The buzzing is a tattoo machine.
John reaches for the antibiotic ointment and starts applying it with more force than is at all necessary. He gestures at the wound. “First of all, you idiot, I’m not
“Dates soaked in tea,” Sherlock answers, then grins at Mrs Hudson. “Come back later when I flame the toffee sauce for a really spectacular shot.”
In the afternoon, they both retire to the library because it’s pissing rain outside and John is frozen solid. He grabs one of Mr. Musgrave’s historic fiction novels while Sherlock is perusing a chemistry textbook and correcting errors within it with a pencil, and playing with an ancient lodestone he found in Mr. Musgrave's collection and has taken to carrying around.
For a moment, John has trouble making sense of the words. They seem so unreal in the dim light of this wine cellar turned laughable air raid shelter. “What?”
“I think about you when I get myself off,” John breathes into Sherlock’s ear as he slowly starts to move his hand on Sherlock’s erection.
Sherlock leans closer to John. “Purely objectively speaking, Moran is right. His bake was perfect,” he says quietly.
He gets out his phone and dials. “Are you still available for dinner?”
Sherlock is driving like all the forces of hell are on their heels, which isn’t far from the truth, if a little fanciful.
Everybody laughs and John tries not to remember the many times Sherlock dragged him into a broom closet or the look and the thrilling sight of his fingerprints on Sherlock’s back.
They’re in Marrakech, and the days are hot and endless. Their prey is a sleazy politician who’s being extorted by the local organised crime lord, and they’re staking out his villa, looking for an opening.
It occurs to him that he’s being ever so slightly irrational. But at the same time he doesn’t want to wake John. They’ve had little sleep lately; the case kept them up, and before that John had a few bad nights, nightmares driving him out of bed at three in the morning. John needs to rest. And Sherlock… well, if he’s entirely honest with himself, and he always tries to be, well, Sherlock’s sort of… enjoying this. The very fact that John fell asleep waiting on a murderer is so very John-like that Sherlock can’t help but find it endearing, if slightly inconvenient. It’s such unmistakeable proof that he
"It's OK, love, I've got you," John whispers fiercely against his hair, pressing gentle kisses against his forehead.
“Terminal case of arsehole career suicide,” Mrs Hudson answers. “Jim Moriarty dropped out of my production yesterday evening. Press night is next Saturday.”
“Had to try, I suppose,” John mutters, then turns around to Sherlock, who’s leaning against a tree, white as a sheet.
That moment in the wedding service, that phrase, has been stuck in his brain for the last - weeks, if he’s honest. Maybe months.
Dusk is falling quickly, and he’s glad of it, because the twilight makes it easier to approach the house without being seen.
John can’t sleep. He’s exhausted beyond the capacity for rational thought, his entire body hurts with it, but he can’t sleep.
“My great-uncle was quite a character. Maybe he was a raging cocaine addict. Would be fitting, I was named after him.”
Maybe, at the end of the day, that’s the explanation for Sherlock’s continued fascination. That he and John are an unsolvable equation that always has at least one more unknown variable for every one Sherlock identifies, like a problem that evolves in complexity and always answers questions with more questions. Sherlock’s favourite kind of puzzle.
