“So, what do you like, Steve?” Tony keeps it casual. Wham bam thank you ma’am, that's what they’re doing tonight. Both of them scratching an itch for each other. “Anything in particular?'
Steve shakes his head.
Tony shakes his head, squeezing his eyes shut. “Steve it won’t do anything, just leave it.”
The other man hesitates for a second too long and Tony smells blood in the water.
Steve nods, his eyes never leaving the flogger. It’s a good thing Tony made his peace with being a bad, bad man a long time ago because the things he’s going to do to this beefcake...
Steve twists in Tony’s lap then cups Tony’s head. Threads his fingers through what Tony knows is sparse, brittle hair.
He needs this. He’s been meaning to go to his club for ages and keeps putting it off for the Ultimates. This isn’t typical but as long as Steve’s informed and they talk it over, what does it matter that they’ll be getting different things out of it?
“Not that it matters, my cock wouldn't get up even without 40cm of plastic shoved up it.”
In contrast to Tony’s gentle voice is the fierce joy as he catches Steve’s urethra once again.
Well if that isn’t mindblowingly hot, Tony doesn’t know what is. “Limit set, Steve.” It isn’t any of his business how Steve’s separating what Tony’s going to do to him from ‘gay stuff’. He’s set a clear one and Tony will follow it.
Tony pumps lubricant in his right hand and finally touches Steve’s cock like he’s wanted to do since the moment he laid eyes on Steve in Tony’s office. His cock’s velvet wrapped in steel and to touch him like this feels– Tony shudders. It feels so intimate. Like for all of the reality of their respective positions, Steve’s the one with a grip around Tony’s heart.
Steve takes his time examining the objects. Tries out the flogger and the paddle against his arm, opens up the sounding kit before pushing it away. Even the feather receives its due. “I don't think this is really suitable to the task at hand Tony.”
Tony continues. “Still, at least… At least I’m good at what I do.”
“You've got experience, then; that changes everything. Sorry for denigrating your porn preferences.”
“Yes, for the new products. Yes, I know R&D have been struggling,” Tony continues, taking another sip of the whisky. “Yes for the product launch, it needs to go off without a hitch.”
It remains stubbornly soft.
Tony nods. “Have you figured it out yet? I’d do anything for you.”
Steve nods. “Up to you,” Steve says around the thumb in his mouth. “‘m yours.”
Tony lays another hard one into Steve’s cock.
Steve’s mouth is so soft and warm like this. His balls are right there and Tony can push into them with his toes. Steve’s rubbing up against him, sucking softly.
Tony feeds Steve move whisky via his thumb.
“I, uh, didn't think people did things like that anymore.” His voice is quiet, completely different from his dig. “Punishment.”
A cough interrupts Tony’s daydream. “Don't tell me that a certain someone,” Tony’s gaze rests unambiguously on the package between Steve’s legs, “brought you to this side of the ‘net, darling.”
He coughs, still pretending to be on the phone. “Sorry, what was that? No, nevermind, put a pin in it and talk to me about sales in South America.”
Tony doesn’t reply, just twitches the feather briefly over Steve’s hole. He knows from experience that at this point that gentle tickle is an overwhelming sensation. But he’ll win the bet later; for now Tony needs to get back to the main event. He spanks Steve once over the hole then says, “Go lay down on your back, Steve.”
“How about you’ll owe me a favour,” Steve offers.
“So what exactly brought you to my office tonight,” Tony says conversationally. “Not to put too fine a point on it, Rogers, but you're just about the last person I'd imagine taking a hand to himself at one of my parties. I have to admit that it is a lovely sight. But what do I know, maybe this is
“Still, I wonder whether you're on someone's security footage,” Tony muses. “Jerk-off tapes of Captain America.”
Neither of them say anything.
“I thought they raised you to be obedient in that army of yours,” Tony muses. Steve doesn’t reply, just keeps rubbing. Smart man. “All I want to hear out of you is the word 'red' if you want me to stop, 'yellow' if you want me to slow down. And, of course, when I break you, you’re welcome to beg me to stop. Not that I will, not until you say ‘Ultimates’, ‘red’ or ‘yellow.’ Now, is that understood, Rogers!”
Of course, if Steve wanted to he could pull away properly.  Hell, he could safeword out at any time but he doesn’t, just takes something that Tony bets doesn’t feel at all good to him. He takes it because this isn’t about how good some of the pain might make Steve feel, it’s about Tony dishing out whatever he so desires.
Steve glares down at his pants. “Someone just needs to get the message and stop getting out of hand.”
when it makes contact. Steve rocks into it, still so beautifully responsive, and Tony feels noticeably better.
Steve shakes his head in Tony’s palm. “Don’t want to.” Steve’s voice is husky, the edges of an accent creeping in.
Tony grins a cheshire smile. “You saying that because you think it won't work? Think a little feather can't do anything to you? Because I'll take that bet if you're putting up some money.”
Tony could, maybe even should, punish Steve for using his name. But it sounds so good coming from his mouth. So clear that he isn’t imagining anyone else here but Tony. He’ll make an exception, just this once.
Steve’s chest is still rising up and down with every breath, the muscles of his back stretching with each of them. His head is bowed forwards and Tony glides the weight of the tails over the back of Steve’s neck and shoulders. The suede side down first and then smooth leather. The edges of the cowhide tails are softer and more supple than when he first purchased this flogger. The price of a well-loved favourite.
As the nails rub against Steve’s delicate skin they dig softly into Tony’s own nail beds.
Tony’s crying softly as the kiss ends. Lays his forehead against Steve. “So we could do this again sometimes, you know, see how the treatment holds up–” his voice cracks in his throat, “–see if you maybe need it again. No gay stuff, just, you know, whatever you–”
Steve’s hands continue down until he reaches the waistband of the pants and then he’s pulling them down.
"I used to keep up the pinching whenever I felt the urge coming, but there were these bandages my parents would wrap our hands in... I could never sketch with them." A grimace twists over Steve's face. An old annoyance. "Or sometimes I'd just go for a long run after the serum made me strong. That worked pretty well."
“Sit down on the bed, Tony,” Steve instructs as he himself slips down onto his knees.
Steve takes another deep sniff. “One of the guys, he almost smelt like you?”
“You’ve got it, Steve,” Tony manages to squeak out.
“Tony… I’m not sure I…”
Tony traces the edge of Steve’s foreskin with one of the nails, carefully controlling his hand so that it barely brushes the edge. He’s worked himself up with his own words and that control is hard to come by, only managed because of Tony’s extensive experience.
Tony raises his eyebrows. Kinkier than he expected. Assuming that by ‘it’ Steve can only mean his cock. Tony hasn’t gotten a look at it yet but his imagination runs wild. Steve touching himself down there that way. Is he into pain then? He’d be so so pretty while Tony hurt him, that big beautiful body of his under Tony’s control, at his mercy.
Fuck, Tony’s good.
After a couple of minutes of this, Tony moves the paddle away to scratch it against Steve’s thighs, which are more muscle-bound than seems possible. But, then, that’s the serum’s magic.
He brings over a selection of items wondering how far Steve wants him to take this. There’s a red feather, a box with Tony’s sounding equipment, a spiked paddle, a cock ring, a pair of vampire gloves, wax candles, and last of all the miniature flogger from earlier. “Now Steve I need you to look this over and tell me if there’s anything you’re not on board with. I can explain what any of them do if you have questions. If nothing on this sideboard works that’s fine too.”
“But I thought you played with your ass sometimes as a special punishment. Or maybe it’s a treat that you just tell yourself is a punishment. Pinching yourself back there must hurt an awful lot, assholes are just so sensitive. But you can’t help yourself can you? I bet your ass gets hungry sometimes and when it does the only thing that’ll take the edge of is a good, firm pinch.”
Tony swallows through the knot of feelings in his throat. He brushes at his eyes with the back of his other hand, pretending he doesn’t feel the dampness.
“Huh?”
“I have a cream I can offer you, darling. Since I won my bet and am feeling generous. I promise it won’t hurt. It’ll help actually, help make you feel better.”
At the bottom of his vision, Steve’s pants are twitching. “But I thought you said you'd be helping me with my.... problem.” The ‘not making it worse’ is left unstated but Tony can hear it.
“Now that doesn’t sound like ‘please.’ Beg me Steve. Bend over and beg me to play with your hole.”
Well how about that.
Finally, Tony pulls his thumb out and a pop sounds as Steve does his best to hold on.
“Isn’t that right, Steve?” Tony looks up and meets Steve’s blue, blue eyes dead on. “I expect an answer this time.”
Steve’s eyes lock onto it. He’s blushing, the colour maybe? Tony swishes the flogger back and forth, the tanned side of the tails hitting the palm of his hand rhythmically. It hurts, a thuddy kind of pain, but that’s part of the satisfaction, knowing that soon that’s what Steve will be experiencing.
Steve gives a particular hard suck and Tony says, “Fuck,” under his breath.
Tony grins but doesn’t back off. Steve can’t seem to take his eyes off the hand with the glove on. “So at last I find something you don’t like. Something that serves as proper punishment. Besides, for all your begging me to stop, that’s the last thing you want, isn’t it? You just want to be made to take it, to take something good boys should run away screaming from. Isn’t that right, Steve?”
“I’m close, sir, can I please?”
Tony gathers Steve up in his arms and closes his eyes tight. “Okay, Steve,” he whispers. “I can do that.”
Tony sits back against the headboard then pulls Steve, a giant of a man, into his lap. Tony is trapped, pressed on all sides. It feels safe.
When Tony feels like he’s got a good rhythm going he delivers an overhand stroke down onto the top of Steve’s cock. It bounces quickly back. The tip’s started leaking. By George, Tony’s got himself a proper little pain slut.
“Fine, Steve, go ahead.”
Another pinch, this time harder. He rubs his thumb against the delicate nerve endings surrounding Steve’s hole, grooved and tight beneath the nitrile glove.
“What are we betting?”
Steve sounds like he's being punched each time but his hands don’t even waver. He doesn’t get any less hard, either.
“Come here, Steve,” Tony orders.
Steve’s pants do little to hide the problem. “Looking like that? Gracious me, Captain America’s kinkier than I ever dreamed.”
Tony waits for Steve to complete the sentence.
“–just sit back with your whisky. You’ve been fighting with Greg again. I know you have. You just need to take a load off. Imagine, you’re in your office downstairs. You’re on the phone with… with someone. And I just slide down, and take you into my mouth.”
A terrible, wonderful thought pops through Tony’s mind. “You ever do it on the helicarrier, Steve?”
Not anymore though. Now Tony’s the only worse thing: a broken ride.
Steve shudders, his breath coming out in deep pants and Tony revels in every facet of the moment. He’s on the top of a podium, he’s in the midst of combat. It’s the single most perfect feeling.
Tony’s head rocks side to side with every breath Steve takes.
Steve shakes his head frantically.
Steve shakes his head. “They deserve,” he swallows, “denigration to be honest.” The way he says that word could put him in the running for phone sex operator.
Steve shakes his head no as Tony’s hand returns to Steve’s cock. Tony trails the nail of the index finger through the forest of Steve’s pubic hair, catching on little hair follicles.
Tony breathes shallowly, not daring to do anything more. Steve’s touching him with so much care and reverence. Like Tony’s something– something precious or some shit. Something more than a ride anyone who wants to can ride.
Steve hums like he’s pleased and Tony drops a hand into Steve’s blond hair.
Tony gestures with his head towards Steve’s cock. “Besides, look. You can see it rising already. Fuck is it ever red this time.”
Tony keeps playing with him as he muses. “You'd cause a riot in the club scene, you know. Frankly, I'm amazed no one's caught you before.”
So what if Tony can never top this moment? Tomy knew that from the word go. Tony will remember this night. Treasure it. Polish it.
He rubs his hands together and replaces the flogger on the side table.
He’s squirming between the rug and Tony’s foot.
Tony walks down the hallway past couples and more making out, slowly going deeper into the house. The first couple of doors have clear noises coming from them — having been left open for just that purpose — but by the time he’s worked his way in deeper, the doors are locked. He lets himself into his office, taking off his velvet tuxedo jacket as the lights automatically turn on.
“It's after a battle isn't it?” The words spill out of Tony’s mouth. “That’s when it's the worst?”
Tony takes a breath. First time lucky. He pinches the edge of Steve’s hole with his thumb and forefinger. Steve keens, looking for all the world like he could come from it. Tony’s hand comes up to his pants before he remembers that there’s nothing to adjust.
“Rogers!”
Chuckles erupt out of Tony’s chest, a proper belly laugh. He brushes tears out of his eyes. “Fucking hell, Rogers, I needed that.”
Tony gives a flourish in his own direction then applies the last bit of pressure. “It's got to beat beating yourself off in my closet.”
Perfect for what’s coming next.
Instead Tony reaches down to that delectable, positively neglected cock and gives it a slow but firm jerk off. The leather catches and drags a little and Steve visibly melts into Tony’s touch until he meets the vampire gloves’s namesake, those delicious, sharp nails. Steve immediately tries to pull away but Tony doesn’t let him, holding down Steve’s hips with his ungloved hand.
What else can Tony do but obey? Steve holds him entirely in his palm.
Happy fucking birthday.
“What, surely you don't think I pull out my good toys in my Sunday best? Or, are you surprised that I'm still wearing so much? Well you’re right, I typically do this for pleasure. But my johnson's on vacation, sweetie, thanks to all the hookers, blow and chemo. All I care about tonight is getting my hands on yours.”
“Yes, sir!”
Tony raises a hand dismissively. “Just needed something out of my desk. I think the better question is: what are
Steve studies his face and then the feather again. “That’s a deal. Blow my mind then, if you can.”
Tony’s real bedroom isn’t their destination, just the one he entertains visitors in. Steve stays easy and loose. A fear of Tony’s eases. Steve might avoid the gay freakout. Tony doesn’t know he can stand it if Steve goes too far with that. Maybe the sterility of it will keep Steve at ease. None of Tony’s personal items, just a private room with a bed, a couch and his toys. He keeps some clothes here as well, the kind fresh young things expect to see him wearing. Tony prefers it that way. For Steve he’d… well. The distance is probably for the best. What good would come of Steve spying on his meds stash?
And Steve’s given him Captain America to apply that whimsy to.
“Tony.” Steve scolds.
Steve ducks his head. “I didn’t want anyone coming in and seeing…” He gestures in the direction of his junk. “I knew this would be locked and they wouldn’t have the password.”
He takes a deep breath. “Last chance to back out before I start on you, hot stuff.”
The other man nods. “Just… missed you.”
Steve shakes his head. “Don’t want it to feel…”
Before the chemo, Tony bets he could have smelt the funk coming off of Captain America. That smell that infects teen bedrooms, heavy and musky. He licks his lips anyways.
“It doesn’t need to do anything.” Steve smoothes his hands over Tony’s thighs. “Just sit back–”
Too soon, the stroke is over, five lines scratched down Steve’s cock.
Steve pulls away and sits up.
After a particularly loud one, Steve pulls away.
“One of the guys at the party, he could have been wearing your cologne. Made me crazy. That’s why I went to your office. Had to do something. I’d have come in my pants right there and then. Or tracked you down…”
Steve staying.
“No backtalk.”
“I can’t sir, don’t make me,” is what Tony thinks Steve said. But it’s barely words. More like ‘can’t.’
He could really use another drink. Or maybe just some time down in the shop. He ought to pick someone up; he can leave as long as someone’s on his arm and if he picks right they’ll fall asleep after he gets them off with his mouth. He’s hungry for more than that, of course, but between Greg and the Ultimates he hasn’t had time to go down to his club.
Tony pretends to consider, drinking in everything contained in Steve’s pleading eyes. “But! Just for you, darling, I’ll give it a break, how about that? Fix myself a drink, give you a little breather.”
“No Tony, please no,” Steve whimpers this time. “Don’t, it hurts, please.”
As he turns back to Steve, he brings the feather.
The man shakes his head no. Fine, have it that way. There’s a flush of energy in Tony now.
“Do you often struggle with this particular issue?” Fantasy fuel for months if he does.
But if Steve thought it felt like a lot before, back when he used the feather on his hard cock, so much so that he didn’t know what Tony was using, he’s felt nothing yet. Tony holds it, light as air, and gently tickles the tip up and down Steve’s cock.
“And if you change your mind about that drink feel free to mix yourself something,” Tony adds.
Only with more force behind it.
“Tony?”
And then Steve is shuddering and coming in Tony’s hand.
“I know, Tony, just, let me touch you?”
“It wouldn't change anything–” Steve’s whispering under his breath. There can only be one response.
Steve’s still shaking through the aftershocks. Tony’s got a cure for that. He swaps his grip on the feather so that the pointy end is facing him then traces it delicately down Steve’s cock.
Tony’s watching his eyes come closer and closer until, quite by chance, Steve is kissing him.
Neither of them are saying much now, too caught up in what’s right in front of them.
He takes a sip.
“Alright, darling, far be it from me to force you. Besides, I like to watch you squirm.”
Thor’s got a positive entourage going whereas Jan’s clearly chatting with some potential clients.
for you. Do you do this often, Steve?”
“I told you, Steve, my cock doesn’t work like that anymore.” But Tony doesn’t interfere as his gown opens up revealing his bare chest and the loose silk sleeping pants beneath it.
At last, Steve bears down on Tony’s hand, bears down on that sharp steel nail which is still pressing into his oh-so sensitive urethra.
Steve obeys without question, stripping efficiently and folding his pants and jacket on a side table. He stands there looking down, his hands behind his back as though he’s at ease. His cock is half hidden by the tails of his dress shirt but it’s already heavy and partway hard.
“Please! Please, no, sir! You win, you winyouwin–” The words smear together in Steve’s mouth.
He swirls it in the heavy crystal glass and takes a sip. Tries to get a grip on himself.
Tony nods. He’s tried to do solo sessions and it never works. Thus the necessity of his club.
Steve nods and hastens to obey. The full glory of his beefcake–ness is revealed button by painful button. Tony wants to eat him up with a spoon. It makes it hotter how big Steve is next to Tony. Tony’s got muscles from the suit and his vanity but the chemo and the cancer has worn them down. It’s not exactly hard to look frail next to Steve unless you’re Thor and he’s the fucking God of Thunder if you believe his story. Tony’s yet to decide.
Instead, he focuses on cleaning first Steve and then the gloves with a damp towel he left for himself on the sideboard. The dirty toys are all set to the side to be properly cleaned and conditioned.
What will he use next? He can’t help but flick his eyes over to Steve every couple of seconds. He’s started to sweat a little, just enough to give him a beautiful golden glow. Tony lifts the spiked paddle in his hand. It’s satisfactorily heavy. He rubs his thumb over the dull spikes. Wonders how Steve will handle this one after the success of the flogger.
Steve nods helplessly and fuck that’s hot.
Steve’s package though is as gorgeous as it looked. Tony strokes down, Steve’s foreskin sliding with his hand. Gives Steve one stroke, two, three until Steve’s softly moaning and spilling himself over Tony’s hand.
Steve gestures meaningfully towards the phone on the bedside table.
“Sir!”
“Especially not–” Steve gestures at Tony and then at his office more generally. “I thought it was frowned on these days, to be honest.”
“Do you like them, Steve?”
“Well, sometimes they used to have us twist or pinch, well, it.”
It clicks with Tony. Steve’s talking about abstinence type garbage. Trying to stop little boys from playing with themselves. And clearly that’s what Steve thought Tony was offering. Punishing in the true sense of the word.
“Oh Tony, Tony,” Steve’s voice is soft and spacey like he isn’t quite there. “You feel so good. So much better than my hand. Should’ve… right from the start…”
“I assure you that I am very lucky to have you laid out for me. Now, where to begin?”
Steve nods again, this time a little redundantly.
The bar’s at the side of the room and Tony fixes himself a glass of Compass Box Hedonism whisky, neat.
Steve looks up at him. His face is a mess. A bit of drool down the side of his mouth, his face flushed all the way pink and his eyes fully blown.
They’re just standing there in the middle of the room so Tony turns away and fixes himself a drink. “Do you want anything Steve? You can go sit on the couch if you’d like.”
Tony moves down to Steve’s balls and Steve whimpers. “No, please no,” he whispers under his breath.
Steve’s asshole is exposed like this, delicate and vulnerable. Tony brushes it with his thumb and admires the shiver that spreads up his back. He pushes and pulls at the opening while Steve moves his weight between his feet.
Pleasingly, Steve begins to suck on his thumb, chasing after the whisky with his tongue.
Tony hears Steve take a deep breath in through his nose and feels the warmth breath of his mouth exhale against his cock.
Finally Tony gives in to himself and pinches Steve’s left inner thigh with the gloves’s nails. He lets go once he feels the skin start to give. There’s a mark when Tony pulls away and Tony goes in a second time to leave a partner on Steve’s left thigh.
Steve still hasn’t replied. At last Tony’s winds up his arm and delivers a hard thwack of suede against Steve’s shoulders and Steve jumps, at the sound or the pain, Tony couldn’t say.
“I do. They’re called vampire gloves. Not the sort of thing people outside the scene are familiar with but I think they’re pretty self-explanatory once you see them in action.”
Steve brings his hand behind his back again. That red fucking cock there for Tony’s consumption. It looks like it hurts, like it’s nearing rug burn. It’s beautiful.
The first thing most people notice is the soft pink colour. The tails are tanned cowhide on one side and suede on the other. The material gives it some good bite even though it’s a smaller flogger designed for more intimate areas.
Tony starts to shake as Steve reverentially slips the gown off of Tony’s shoulders. His chest is a battlefield of bruises and cuts from where the Iron Man suit catches. No matter how Tony tried to protect himself, all he can do is limit the damage.
The things he wants to do to this man. But this is a one night only event. A birthday gift.
“–the next person you play with.”
Tony has to bite his lip to keep himself from saying anything. Like proposing marriage. That would be a mistake. Such a mistake. For one thing, Steve doesn’t do ‘gay stuff’ and–
“You going to be ready for round two, Steve?”
It’s wonderful whisky.
Still, he wants to wait a little while longer. Steve promised he’d come and Tony hasn’t seen a glimpse of his star–spangled ass.
“If you listen, Steve, I won't have to do it again.” Tony laughs out loud. “Actually that's a dirty lie, I'll do it as often as I want. But you can keep begging me to stop if that's your jam.”
Steve grins like he’s a little kid who’s been told what a good job he’s done.
“–It does, it does, it does, please Tony, please please please I need it, I need you to hurt me with those nails. My c-cock–” Steve groans at the word, the flurry of words stopping in its tracks. “My cock needs to be punished.”
Steve’s hips are pushing his cock further into Tony’s hand, chasing that release. It must be making the pain worse, not better, but Tony isn’t one to complain about that. Instead, as Steve’s foreskin becomes completely taut, Tony catches the nail of his thumb purposefully on Steve’s urethra.
A man in a suit is leaning up against his desk, broad shoulders filling it out in all the right places. His fingers are doing their best to button up his slacks but they can’t hide what he’s been doing to fill out the front of Steve’s trousers.
“Good boy.” Steve’s shirt twitches at that one but Tony can’t quite see it. He’s almost physically hungry for it. He wants desperately to hold Steve down and suck him dry while Steve begs him for release.
And it is his birthday after all.
“And then you come to one of my parties and it’s sex central, is that it?”
“No! No. That is, Mr. Stark, that’s a one of a kind offer but I’ll just go back to the party.”
Tony’s done his best to banish words like ‘final’ and ‘last’ from his guests’ minds and it seems to have worked. The ratio of pity-to-regard in the eyes of people he shakes hands with, maybe stop and chat, is lower than it’s been in a couple of months. The hours in skin treatments for the past couple of weeks as well as tonight’s makeup application has done the trick.
Everything you could ever want.
“I shouldn’t ask but– can I have one more thing, Tony?”
Steve’s cock goes satisfyingly soft as the nails dig in.
“Oh what’s that?” Tony makes as if to go back in. “I’m not sure I could hear you.”
It’s a good birthday party, if Tony can say that about his own shindig. What is he saying — of course he can. The Ultimates dot the masses of people, split evenly between the dance floor and the more low–key sections with canapés and cocktails.
Tony returns to Steve, paddle in hand. This time he rubs first the flat side and then the spiked side over the raw skin of Steve’s cock. Unsurprisingly, given his taste for lotion-less jerk off sessions, Steve rubs right back into it. Tony doesn’t say anything, just brings the spikes underneath Steve’s junk, pushing them up into Steve’s scrotum. His balls roll around a bit and Steve only exacerbates that when he begins to wiggle. He isn’t pulling away but he also isn’t pulling towards. It’s like he’s a magnet stuck between polarities.
“No.”
Steve didn’t say anything. He just sucked Tony’s finger into his mouth. He just looked at him while he suckled on it, running his tongue back and forth over the pad until Tony’s breath came in short, panting gasps, and when it did, when Steve was satisfied, he finally let Tony’s finger go. He kissed his inner thigh again, caressed his flanks with his hands, then finally--
“Wanted to
“Okay.”
Tony put his arms around Steve from the side and kissed his shoulder, then kissed his neck. “That sounds nice, baby.”
“Hey,” Tony said.
Steve turned away, sat on the edge of the bed. “Stop it, Thad,” he said over his shoulder.
Steve shook his head. “It’s okay. Really. It’s fine.”
She laughed and shook her head as if it was already a foregone conclusion in her mind.
She came around the table and slid into his side of the booth.  “I know,” she said, slipping her arm around him.  He lay against her, taking in her warmth and fierce love.  “I know, Tony.”
“Steve broke Ross’ nose and now he’s in military prison in New Jersey,” Tony said.  The words slid out of his mouth on their own.  He didn’t think about them.  They just came.  There was no point in trying to down-play what had happened.  He was walking that straight line, too.  At least for the moment.
Steve could feel how sunny--sappy--the smile that surfaced on his own face was, but he couldn’t help it. Didn’t really want to help it. “Go team,” he said, and Tony laughed, making everything so much better. So much lighter.
“Sorry, Mom,” he said. “And trust me, out of the two people in this room, you are
He slung his bag up over his shoulder and started into the bedroom. His eyes moved over the pictures on the wall, just like they always did. He barely even saw them anymore. Usually. He’d seen them so often now, they just blended into the scenery. But not this time.
“Me too.”
Steve felt a flare of jealousy, like a red-hot fireplace poker, go straight through his heart, setting his guts on fire with a fierce intensity he hadn’t felt in...well, ever. He ignored it. Or tried to, anyway, but Bucky had to ruin it.
Drank his coffee.
“Wake up, baby,” he said, shaking him again.  “Rise and shine.”
. I just-” he sighed harshly, “I need you to do that for me too, right now,” he said. “I need you to say everything
She smiled. It was sad and sweet. “I’d love that.”
assumed, then I got in there and realized we hadn’t talked about it.”  He smoothed his hand over Steve’s chest, feeling the muscles underneath the soft weave of his sweater.  “And I was afraid you thought I’d brought you here just for,” he cocked an eyebrow, “nefarious purposes.”
right. Nobody needs to see that shit. It’s gross.”
“Still in the lab, FRI?”
Steve laughed. “Really? I get the front door and you get the nice, soft bed? Wow, Tony. You’re a real charmer.”
“That would be lovely, boss.”
“You could have called me,” Tony suggested, and Steve bit his lip.  His fingers clenched on the pencil he was holding, and it snapped in half.  The sound was very loud.
Tony finished tying his tie, his fingers doing their own work. “It’s okay,” he said, snugging the knot up to Steve’s throat. “Sounds like fun.”
pieces.”
“I get that, Tony,” Steve said, and his fingers rubbed gently at Tony’s side. “I do get that. Just…” He sighed.
Natasha shook her head.  “No.  We don’t.”
“All you need is a monocle and a top hat and you’ll be just like the Monopoly guy.”
I'm sorry.
Tony kissed him.  “My pleasure.  Believe me.”
Steve ran a hand through his hair again. “Tony, look-”
, Miss Romanov?”
Tony kissed his ear, letting his lips play over the lobe for a second, then pulled back until Steve lifted his head. His arms stayed around Tony’s waist, holding him tight, but his eyes found Tony’s in the dark. Tony touched his neck, his jaw, then cupped his cheek. His thumb found its way to Steve’s mouth and traced his bottom lip. Steve parted his lips and touched his tongue to the pad. When he drew it into his mouth and sucked on the tip, Tony took in a harsh breath.
“If you want me there, I’ll be there.”
Tony let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding.  His chest hurt.  He put a hand to it and kneaded a little.  He thought he might have been holding that breath ever since Strange and Shuri had come out of her operating room and said Steve was alive.
“Of course, I do.  You would have dug your heels right in and kept at it until he couldn’t help but like you.”
“What face?”
he thought.
“Yes, he did,” Steve said. “‘We’ll just keep her another night, ‘cause
“Of course, it will.  Just stay in bed all day,” he said, punctuating each sentence with small, careful kisses against Steve’s jaw.  “Eat ice cream.  Watch
Steve let out a breath and rested his head against the seat back. His eyes were still on Tony. Now that he was looking at him, he couldn’t seem to look away. He reached out a hand and touched Tony’s where it sat on the gear-shift. Tony immediately grasped it and held it tight. “I’ll take a day,” Steve said. “If that’s what I get. I’ll take it.”
“Yeah.”
Tony rolled his eyes.  “Don’t make it a big thing, Cap, just do it.”
“Are you bringing anyone else?” Still curious. Maybe a bit more curious than before.
“He probably belongs to someone.”
“Steve,” Sarah said, and Steve stood up and dropped into her arms. She held him close, rubbed his back. “I love you, honey,” she said.
Tony fixed a scowl on his face, even though what really wanted to surface was a dopey, lovestruck grin. He tapped the face of his watch. “Three-
Sam touched his shoulder.  “See you in the morning.”
, can they?”
“You’re sure?”
, could already see how beautiful it could be.  Maybe the kid could be persuaded to sell it.
“I wouldn’t do that,” Tony said as the credits began to roll.  “What are we watching?”
Steve squeezed his hand, then finally let it go. “Thanks, Tony.”
Sam fell into step beside him, and they crossed the parking lot together. Behind them, came the sound of the front doors slamming open, and the shrill cries of kids boiling out onto the lawn. He heard them giggling, cat-calling, laughing at themselves and the day itself.
“Make me feel better? You always make me feel better,” he answered, and Tony’s heart cracked a little. Just a little. Because this couldn’t happen. It couldn’t. He was married now. He had a wife back in California. A daughter. A
you want?”
He started saying yes almost out of self-defense. He thought if he went to lunch with him once or twice, Howard would be satisfied that he’d done his fatherly duty and just finally leave him the fuck alone, but that’s not what happened. The more Tony said yes, the more Howard asked, and soon they were having lunch together almost every day. And talking.
“It is to me.  Saying all that bad stuff about yourself.  If you were anybody else, I’d punch you in the face for smack-talking my man.”
“It’s good to remember too,” he said, then took Tony’s hand away from his face. He held it loosely in his. “When I...realized, I guess, what was going on, I was sitting in some alley behind a dumpster. I was tired. My feet hurt. My head hurt. I had no idea where I was. And the sun was wrong. It was ten o’clock when I left to get groceries, but the sun said it was closer to four.”
“Thank you.”
he’d be stupid enough to keep files like that in his home, and I told him he definitely would.”
On the floor, Baxter was apoplectic with fear.  His face was maroon, his eyes bulging and spouting tears.  He mouthed at the gag Nat had shoved in his mouth constantly, uttering sounds with no meaning.  Nat paid him no mind whatsoever.  Her thoughts were too full of her friend.
It was cold. Before coming to Afghanistan, Steve had never really thought it got cold here, but it was. It didn’t feel like New York-cold, but it was still cold. It still snowed. His breath still puffed out of his mouth when he breathed. His fingers still felt numb if he didn’t wear gloves. In a way, it was comforting. It wasn’t quite as different as he had feared when he’d first come here. And it was familiar now, in any case. After being here so long, it was almost home. He hated feeling that way. Especially now. Especially since part of him--the
It wasn’t going to happen.
nice.” He kissed her cheek. “I like him too. I like him a lot.
The rain fell harder.  It fell on his face, into his eyes, mingling with the tears.
“James, really,” Bucky said, and engulfed her smaller hand with his large one.
Let's call it 17.5.
“Goodnight, Doc.”
"Yes," Steve sighed. "Yes, Tony. Please? That's what I want."
“You think I’m special?” Steve asked, and Tony nodded.
Not like now.
Rhodey flapped a hand at him and gave him a rueful smile.  “Nah.  I got nowhere else to be.”
“I don’t know how long they’ll keep me this time.”
could probably get away with it. At least as far as Tony knew, there wasn’t that undercurrent of attraction and desire that ran between Clint and Steve. Not like there was with Tony. That thing that skewed every interaction they had just a little bit. Just enough to either make it slightly more uncomfortable or exponentially more wonderful.
Steve looked at Tony’s face, almost daring him to wake up, then bit his lip and settled his hand over Tony’s.  His hand was larger and covered it almost completely.  Heat bloomed in the pocket of space where their palms did not quite touch and existed there like a tiny sun.  To Steve, it felt like it could warm a thousand galaxies on its own.  Tony’s fingers twitched and came to rest against the outer edge of Steve’s hand, the middle fingers touching the bandage he’d applied earlier, the pinky and index finger touching Steve’s skin.  It felt natural.  It felt like they belonged there,  like Tony’s hand had always been meant to hold his, like it had been made for no other purpose than to sit palm-to-palm and finger-to-finger with Steve’s.
“Neither do I,” Tony said into his ear. “Come over.”
“Don’t talk to me about Barton.”
For a long time, Tony knew
“It was perfect, baby.”
“Uh-huh.”
was nice. But it wasn’t the same. Steve kept his eyes closed, trying--
Steve nodded his head at Sir Purr.  “At least that one’s quiet.”
They got in and Tony keyed the engine to life.  It rumbled pleasantly loud.  He’d installed a top of the line stereo system, but he didn’t turn it on.  He buckled his seat belt.  Steve didn’t.  He never did unless Tony told him to.  Seat belts hadn’t even been a thing in Steve’s day.  Steve always claimed he forgot.  Tony thought it was more of that battlefield arrogance.
“Yeah, for about ten seconds.  Until the snot and the poop and the sticky hands come into play.  Then, I’m out.”
“You are not worthless,” Steve said.  “You’re amazing.  You’re perfect.  You are the kindest, most generous person I have ever met, and if I ever, for even one second, made you think differently, then I really do deserve to be hit with a full blast.”
“Wow.  You’ve got some real unresolved issues there.  Does Laura know about this?”
Tony hated it so much.  But he was powerless to stop it.
“Fuck it,” he said, and pressed #5.
“Never.”  He stood up.  “Come on.  Let’s go eat.  I can hear your stomach grumbling.”
She nodded.
“They look like shit.  Sit down.”
“Was it okay?” Steve asked, mouthing Tony’s collarbone.
, you should have.”  He was sitting at the table, books, and notebooks, and pencils surrounding him.  The old, battered laptop he refused to give up sat open.  It looked like he’d been typing an essay.
his weekends with the Guard, and the two or three weeks he spent with them every summer. It wasn’t so much that he got overwhelmed, but it was enough that he still felt connected. Connected to that thing that had been almost his entire life for over ten years. And he wanted to feel that connection. If not to the job itself, then to the people. The people he had served
, part of Tony’s mind said.  It was cold, that part, cruel, cynical.  It had been kindled inside him and nurtured under first Howard, then Obadaiah Stane’s watchful eyes.  It had been his unwitting twin.  His dark, secret brother, and nothing good ever happened to Tony without its jealous input putting a layer of malice overtop.
“As long as I’m here, it’ll be here. This is still your home too.”
“You let him in.”
“I thought--”
“Steve,” he began, lifting his head.
seen anything like you.”
Silence.
Tony kissed him.
going to the movies with you. I
But he was asleep.  Tony ran his fingers through the tuft of blond hair that stuck out from under the blanket, wondering what the hell Steve had ever done without him, wondering who would take care of him if Tony wasn’t around to do it.  He went back to bed feeling cold, himself.  The idea was too frightening.
He nodded at her.  “It’s okay, sweetie.  Take it.”
“Lead the way,” Tony said.
“Music off, FRI,” Tony called, and it shut off right in the middle of an Axl Rose scream.
“Yes.”  Steve lifted his head and looked at Tony shyly.  “If you’ll be the big spoon?”
.  And his stomach hurt.  Steve looked back down at his paper.  The words swam before his eyes. He blinked and rubbed them.
“You wanna fuck me, baby?” Tony asked, and Steve nodded, losing himself in the moment, losing everything around him, losing everything to the thought of Tony beneath him, their bodies moving together in a serpentine dance, one arm holding him against his chest, the other braced on the bed below, pistoning into him,
He was still stewing an hour later when someone cleared their throat and said, “Mr. Stark?”
Steve stood up.  He couldn't sit still anymore.  It was too hot in here, too crowded.  Tony knew so many people. So many people loved him.  He'd touched so many lives.
“She said you were seeing ‘
“I want you to apologize.”
“And overlay the new specs so Thad here can see the modifications.”
But Tony didn’t smile. In fact, he just looked even more sad. He shook his head quickly. “No. I-I can’t. I can’t.”
“What?”
“Smooth sailing so far, boss.  But keep your speed in mind.  There’s a policeman twelve miles out.”
“Hey,” Tony said, and just as he did, another song started.
She took his hand and Steve let her lead him away from the bar. They stuck to the shadows, for which he was grateful. His outburst with the bartender had left him feeling ashamed and guilty. He didn’t want to hurt anyone. He remembered well the time when he had been the skinny kid just trying to make it in the world, and the fact that he’d tried to intimidate this kid left a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach. He’d been stupid to drink in the first place. If alcohol was going to turn him into one of the bullies he’d always fought against, he’d just leave it alone altogether. Hey, maybe he’d gotten drunk after all. His tired mind grasped the idea and held on stubbornly tight. It was better than believing the alternative--that seeing Tony with Pepper had anything to do with it. It didn’t even bear thinking about.
Tony stood up from the chair and folded his arms.  Sleep was out of the question, and the idea of the lab was even dubious now.  No one but Steve made him feel this way.  Angry, hurt, sick with love and mad with desire.  In all his long life, no one could ever tear him apart the way Steve Rogers could.  Did.  Was doing.  Right this second.
“I think he hates me.”
Steve shook his head. “It’s nothing.”
“Does he miss me?”
Clint nodded and touched Steve’s arm as he walked out.
“Yeah,” he agreed, swallowing past the familiar blockage in his throat. “Yeah, it has.”
Ross nodded.
“Oh, yeah?”
Tony pulled him closer, relishing the smooth skin of Steve’s bare shoulder. He stretched up and put his mouth next to his ear. “I’m strongly considering kissing you,” he said. “What are your thoughts on that?”
. Even if he never got to have a family of his own, he still had her. He held her hand in one of his. The other was still in his pocket. Still holding his six-month chip. “I’m okay,” he said, and was glad to hear his voice really did sound okay now. “I know I can talk to you. And I will, if I need to. But I’m okay right now. I promise.”
He glanced over his shoulder. “Coming,” he said.
Steve’s frown deepened.
He laughed and squeezed her again before letting her go.  “No.  She’s spending Christmas Eve with her parents on Long Island.  We’re having lunch tomorrow.”
“You haven’t ever--?  With another man?” Tony asked.
Tony snapped the radio off as they got closer, and the street noise rushed in to take its place, but it still seemed quiet after the screech of guitar and banging drums they’d had for the last two hours. The sun was starting to set, and the smog painted the sky red-orange. Steve looked at it. Looked at the dying sun. He wondered what the sunset would look like over the lake. Wondered what it was going to look like in the desert.
"He was," Steve answered, matching her tone.
Steve opened the door.  “Here we go.”
She nodded.  “Fine.  I’ll take the blame.  Put that on our bill, will you?” she called to the waitress.
“Friends?” Josh asked. “What kind of friends?”
Tony moved to Ross’ bedside, and Wanda eased herself over to the other where his wife laid down each night.  Tony took a deep breath, met Wanda’s eye, then said, “Thad.  Wake up.”
in his chest whenever he saw Tony wearing his clothes. Something that felt a little covetous. A little primal. Something that beat within his secret heart, saying
He hadn’t really expected their date to happen on Steve’s floor--they usually hung out on the common floor or up in the penthouse--but Steve had texted him and told him where to be, so now here he was, waiting outside his date’s door.
Natasha looked at him over Baxter’s bowed head.  “I
“Lights up to 15%, please, FRI,” he muttered in a sleep-addled voice, and the room brightened.  Not much, but enough that he could find his way to the bathroom and climb into the shower.  The scent of coconut Gina left behind was still clinging to him, surrounding him, wrapping around him like a shroud.  He couldn’t stand it, that fruity, cloying scent.  It was too much.
Tony nodded. “Yeah. It was definitely that. I thought he was going to chew her face off.”
He sat by the pool, his feet dangling down into the water. He’d come out here a few hours ago, when the sun was still up, and the afternoon was hot around him. He had sat on one of the lounge chairs for a while. He sat the folder of papers--all filled out and signed--on the table at his side, and anchored them with a bottle of gin. It was unopened. He left it unopened. He didn’t drink much under ordinary circumstances, and he didn’t want to start now. He’d seen how that spiralled. He didn’t want to spiral. He was staying afloat. Keeping it together. What else did people say in situations like this? Whatever it was, he was that. He was doing that.
“G’night, Tony.”
wouldn’t have. You don’t go up to crazy people and just start talking to them.”
Clint nudged him again. “Word of advice?” he said. “Stop thinking. Start doing.” He ate another chip and called, “Cap! Tony’s hungry.”
Tony roamed around the Tower the whole next day, thinking, trying to figure out what it was about the light pulsing behind Steve’s eyes that meant so much.  As much as he liked to be an expert on pretty much anything he set his mind to, the mysteries of the human psyche would always remain that-- a mystery to him.  Give him an engine and he could take it apart and put it back together in record time, but the mind?  Forget it.  He needed help.
“Hmm?”
Steve had to tell some people, though. He met Sam at a bar on the outskirts of town. They played a few rounds of pool, and then while they sat drinking Cokes and eating bar-nuts, he spilled the news that Tony was back in town, and they were seeing each other.
It wasn’t French, but it was the word, alright.
God, please let that be over…
“I know.”
Steve tugged him closer to the edge of the bed and kissed his thigh. “Still the smartest person I ever met.”
“I’m sorry, FRI.  Really.”
“Then we went to that Thai place.”
“I’ve really gotta have an answer here, guys,” the cop said. He was an older guy, sixty or so, and he looked both weary and amused by the situation. Like he was watching an episode of his favorite tv show that he’d seen a hundred times before.
“Hey. Steve!”
“Couldn’t you just make him a new suit?”
“Don’t leave on my account.”
Steve smiled secretly. He squeezed Tony tighter against him. “I’ve been thinking about it since we were seventeen, Tony,” he said. “
--by what he had just seen.  He came forward.  “Steven Grant Rogers, are you
“Tony.”
“Still a few more to go before we fill that bathtub, huh?” he answered and winked at her.
“That’s not wit, Tony,” Steve said.  “That’s truth.”  He tightened his arms around Tony, holding him against his chest, and put his face in the crook of his neck.
“How did you let this happen?” Ross raged.  “I thought you told me you had this Rogers situation firmly in hand.  Now I find out that not only did he try to murder Tony Stark--which I could understand, if not condone--but it happened almost
Tony hung up the phone and took a deep breath. He let it out slowly, trying hard to get himself under control. The hand on the back of his neck helped. He didn’t want to admit to himself just how much it helped...but it did.
“Alright, but if I’m paying, I get to pick the restaurant.”
“Yes. Very.”
He took a sketchpad and a book with him when he went, but Tony had never seen him use either one.  Whenever he looked out on him--and he looked out a lot--they sat in a tidy pile on the ground beside his chair, within reach but never reached for, while Steve sat looking out at the water.
“Uh-huh.”
“You started it.”
“For FRIDAY.  ‘Cause she likes them.”
“Yeah.  Yeah, but I can hold on.  I can wait.”
He straightened further, his spine stiffening, his chin tilting up. “I’m not a novelty act, Mr. Stark,” Sergeant Rogers said. “I’m not here to entertain you.”
“Well,” Strange said, once the door was safely closed behind them.  He didn’t say anything else.
were the one robbing the cradle and that you’d probably be back for her next.”
“Shh, sweetheart,” Sarah said, holding him while he cried into her shoulder. “Shh. It’s okay. It’s okay, everything’s okay.”
“Steve?” he called, already knowing he was gone.  Already knowing he was alone again.
He could smell coffee, and
Tony laughed. “How the fuck do I know?” he said, pressing his lips to him again. “What do grandmas do? I never had one.”
The guy shook his hand across the aisle. “James. But most people call me Bucky.”
“I think you’re a little biased.”
“None of my business? Everything you do is my business.”
“Steve,” Tony said.  “Stay.  Please.”
“And succeeded.” He kissed him again. “My little overachiever.”
“I did play with you. We’ve been playing for three hours.”
Tony could see the wheels turning in Howard’s mind. That was nothing new. His wheels were always turning. Tony thought they even turned in his sleep. Tony watched them turn, not dropping his eyes, but not giving him anything either. This was all he would give him. If Howard said no, if he didn’t agree to the terms Tony had laid out, he would just leave. He’d turn back around, leave the keys to his car and the apartment on the table, and leave. He’d never ridden the bus before--Howard had been right about that--but he thought he could figure it out well enough to make it to Clint or Nat’s house.
“So, there’s something else, then?” he asked, and looked around, wide-eyed.  “Where is big, blond, and beautiful, anyway?”
“Really?” Steve asked. “You wouldn’t mind if I stayed for a couple days?”
“Not really a
“I know,” Tony said.  “But I’m saying it.”
Tony rolled his eyes. Bit his lips to hide a smile. “Whatever.”
He turned away with a harsh sigh.  His hands balled into fists.  When the door opened, he thanked the Virgin Mary and all the Saints.  He hadn’t done that in a long time.  Steve didn’t know whether to be amused or frightened that all it took was a salad to bring out the Catholic boy in him again.
My previous readers know about my sloppy-ass research skills. It's a 30-second Google search, guys. Sorry for the wrong things. I've said it before and I'll probably have to say it again--I deal in feelings not facts.
“Stop it.”
“I had to miss two of them,” Steve said, looking solidly into his eyes. “Sam came with her to those.”
“I think about you.”
,” Tony said.
. This whole
He didn’t really know anyone else at his table. A couple of people, but no one well enough to have an actual conversation. He was fine with that too. He didn’t even really want to be here. He wasn’t planning on staying long. Just long enough to watch a couple dances. Have a piece of cake, an obligatory glass of champagne, then he was gone. It wasn’t that crowded, really, but Bucky had a big extended family, and with kids running around and a multitude of aunts and uncles and grandparents all talking about how good Bucky looked, and how lucky Natasha was, it
Tony ran his hand through Steve’s blond hair, relishing its silky texture.  “Of course, I don’t mind.  Go to sleep.  I won’t be much longer.”
"Really?"
But Steve was already digging it out of Tony’s pocket, pawing at the Italian leather like it was cheap vinyl, to get to the condoms inside.
“Okay, I guess.  It’s pretty quiet most of the time, and I get to go outside a little, so it’s not so bad.  Not as bad as...you know...the other one.”
time?” he asked.  “How does he have
“I practically humped your leg this morning!”
“Sounds pretty scary.”
He glanced at him now, and saw the way Steve’s eyes moved from place to place. The lake. The flowers. The cabin itself. He saw the way Steve’s lips twitched into a small, pleased smile. Saw how happy he was. And god, if that’s all it took to make Steve happy, Tony was even luckier than he thought he was.
“Morning,” Steve said, striving for casual.
Tony put his hand on Steve's cheek and urged his face down until he could reach his mouth.  He kissed him fervently. "I'm sorry, baby. You're right. I'm the worst."
He could still enjoy what he was being given right now, though. Like a dog with an illicit table-scrap, he could just enjoy whatever Tony gave him without worrying about the consequences. He didn’t
things called pens.  You put one on the other and out comes a letter.  I
“No, he’s scared too,” Steve said.  “He’s just too busy telling me to tell you.”
“Absolutely.”
“I didn’t go to any meetings.”
Tony took an abortive step toward him, then raised his hands helplessly.  “I can’t...I’m not supposed to--”
Decided to make this it's own separate chapter. It's short, but I had a suck day yesterday and wanted a little sugar to get me through. So, I'll share with you. That's just the kind of gal I am :)
“Come on, Tony.”
“That’s good.”
have to.  Tell me what to do.  I’ll do whatever you want, baby, all you have to do is say it.”
dismiss him...well, he’d still have the memories. That would be enough. Enough to get him through the rest of his life.
“There’s lube in my pocket,” Tony said, and Steve laughed darkly.
Strange nodded.  “Yes.  Alright, it’s time.  Let’s go.”
“God, don’t talk about that,” Tony rasped.  “Don’t even say the name.  I don’t want to hear it in your mouth.”
Then they all laughed, even Steve, although his face stayed brilliantly red, especially when Tony caught his eye, winked, then hooked his ankle around Steve’s underneath the table.
“No.”
He looked at his watch again. 11:52. And now he was worried. Officially, definitely worried.
“Hey,” Tony said, standing in front of him.  He was frowning, worried, his dark eyes even darker.  “Hey, what’s going on?  Why are you upset?”
“Ready, soldier?” he asked, opening the door.
Steve shook his head.  His phone was vibrating again.  His hands were shaking. He was sick.  It was
Jesus Christ, would he have
Tony stood by the window and looked down on the beach.  He wasn’t that high up here, but the entire wall was glass and the view of the water and the sand was breathtaking.  If you liked that sort of thing.  Tony was immune to its beauty.  The vodka helped with that.  It numbed everything.  Every thought, every action, ever feeling.  That was good.  Who needed to feel anything, anyway?  Feelings were for the weak.  Stark men were made of iron.
“This okay?” he said, and Tony nodded.
Steve nodded.  “When are they coming back?”
Then he went back to work.
She reached past him toward the frame. “I shouldn’t have put it up. I’m sorry, honey. I-”
“She had every right to be.”
But, as per usual, Steve was skittish.  He’d bolt if frightened.  Tony would never push for anything Steve didn’t want, but he wanted to be around him.  To bask in his sun and swim in those still waters that ran so deep.  He wanted to be close to him again.  In whatever capacity, whatever form Steve would allow.
“I wouldn’t try.”
“For now, I think I’ll just take a little snooze.  Okay?”
“Because I want to be.”
?” Tony asked, and looked up at him. It felt like a shark’s look even to himself. Probably because it was. And did he care that every time he looked at Steve, it was with a hungry, predatory look? Not one single bit. Especially if it brought out that blush that he remembered so well--loved so well--from when they were kids. Just like it was doing right now.
Home.
“Hey, Megatron,” he said.  “More than meets the eye, huh?” He giggled again.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked, and Tony nodded.
Steve chuckled drowsily. “What else happened? Tell me all the things.”
And on the screen, poor HAL sang his last words.
On his lap, Billy squawked his name.  Tony pressed the cut-off button, silencing him, never taking his eyes off the sketch.
“It’s not just doctors that get inside a person’s head,” Bruce said carefully.  He glanced at Tony, then at Natasha.  “Wanda never did anything, did she?  While you guys were...gone?”
Steve cleared his throat.  He was sweating lightly, his nerves on edge.  “Rogers.  Steven, Grant.  Access Code 112-A.”
Steve smiled and shook his head.  They’d been at the lake house for nine hours.  Tony had held out longer than Steve had expected.
“Tony,” Steve said and stepped toward him.
“But I didn’t meet you on the street, did I?” Howard asked. “I met you in my son’s bedroom. The two of you looking as guilty and nervous as any two teenage lovers have ever looked.”
“Me too,” he said.
Steve released him, and then it was Wanda’s turn to hug him and receive his kisses.  Tony stood back, watching as Steve whispered something to her.  The room was small, but Tony couldn’t hear what passed between them.  It was okay.  He didn’t need to.
place, but, for the moment at least, there were none around.
“Ugh.  Fine.”
Of course, he would.
It was good advice.  Good, practical, solid advice.
here. Hello, Mr. Stark.”
(See the end of the chapter for
?” Steve asked.
Steve snorted laughter.  “Really?  You think this is good, huh?”
“Sometimes.”
“Well, hello to you, too,” he said, switching the phone to his other ear.
Steve ran a hand through his hair. It was damp with sweat, and his nose wrinkled unconsciously. He usually showered as soon as he got back to the apartment, but this was more important. “I only heard a few words, but it sounds like the boy is staying. At least for a while.”
“I thought I’d sleep in the bedroom tonight.”
“Did you kiss me goodbye this morning?”
“Yes.”
“I’ve had a good run,” he told Tony, brushing his fingertips along the arm that held him. “Especially last night.  With you.  I’d be going out on a high, you know?”
His hands shook a little as he tried to apply the flame from his lighter to the end of his smoke. He chased it and finally made it, the little ember it made, an orange dot in the darkness. He inhaled and sucked that good, harsh smoke down into his lungs. He held it for a moment, then blew it back out, and through the plume of smoke, he saw Tony come out the door of the bar. Saw him come toward him. He wasn’t wearing a jacket, just his t-shirt with a thin flannel thrown over it. He must have been cold, but he didn’t look cold. Just cool. Just like he always did.
“Good,” Tony said, and finally let his thumb graze Steve’s Adam's apple. It moved as Steve swallowed. “I’ll meet you here at seven. We’ll watch whatever educational bullshit Bruce has queued up, and then maybe...afterwards…”
The light.  That’s what wouldn’t leave his head.  The goddamn light Steve had mentioned.  It had just been one thing, so why did it seem like
The sheriff’s deputy, his young face passive, fired his weapon.
And as if the thought had conjured it, Steve’s phone buzzed in his pocket.
“Yes. Yes, I think that’s the answer.”
,” he said, and grabbed Morgan around her middle and dragged her onto the bed beside him, “are a goddess.” He tickled her, making her giggle helplessly. “A sweet, sweet goddess.”
Tony talked to his father too.
Well, maybe not
Lying with Natasha now, Steve thought of those words, how simple they were, how mundane.
“‘Cause of you.”
Thor left and Steve thought again that Asgard would be in good hands if Thor took up the mantle of king.  Steve himself certainly felt better than he had in days.  If someone as good as Thor could still see something in him then maybe there was still hope.
Halfway through, he heard Tony’s voice through the closed door, and relief flooded through him. Tony was here. Finally. He didn’t know why he’d been afraid he wouldn’t come, but he had been. It was silly, feeling like that, but he had. He knew this was hard for Tony. They hadn’t talked about it much--Tony didn’t want to--but he’d been clingy and on-edge all week. He’d pick a fight with Steve just to fight, then at bedtime, crawl up into his lap and kiss him senseless, apologizing over and over for being a moody asshole.
He felt a touch on his wrist, and he flinched back as if burned.
That’s all. That was all. He just left. Left Tony standing there. Left his own heart in a burnt crumble on the floor, unacknowledged at Tony’s feet. And it was fine. More than fine--better. Just the way he had told Tony. It was better,
Steve broke their kiss at last, but didn’t move away.  He held on, pressing his forehead against Tony’s, his eyes closed.  “I’m sorry, Tony,” he whispered.  “I’m sorry for the way I’ve been acting.  I just--I know it’s stupid, but I’ve been stressed about finals coming up.  I’ve been pushing myself really hard because I want to do a good job.  I want you to be proud of me, and then I came home that day, and
“Thanks for coming, but…”
“Alert me to any little surprises he may have, ‘kay?”
Tony let out a relieved breath and held him tighter. “Yeah. Really. I need you.
“Oh, god, Tony.”
Steve went back to the base and spoke to his commanding officer. He requested and was approved for emergency leave, and for the first time in nearly a decade, he was back home for longer than four days at a stretch.
“Of course, it does.”
“Alright, boss.”
I put a tag for underage. Do I tag this for underage? It's not a pervy underage, but I guess technically, it's underage, so a'tagging I shall go.
“Yeah, she did. Exactly.”
He cleared his throat again. “No. Not married, just-”
Just a bunch of talk, really...
, he wrote.
“Because I wanted to see your face when you read it,” Tony answered truthfully.
What if all this work wasn’t worth the trouble?
“Yeah. We need to keep that between us.” He ran his hands up and down the broad expanse of Steve’s back and sighed contentedly. “She’s great, by the way,” he said.
,” Tony hissed, and Steve and Sam laughed. “Whose side are you on?” Tony grumbled.
those pricks.”
“I thought that was implied,” Tony said.
“Steve,” Tony said louder.
They had fun.
Rhodey plated the eggs, shook on the Tabasco, and brought the coffee.
He thought of the resentment and animosity of their first meeting.  The almost grudging respect that came next.  The fragile friendship.  The hidden, unspoken tenderness.  The one-sided attraction.  The love.
“Fine.”  His spirits were dampened, but not shattered.  He hadn’t really expected Strange to let him come.  “Will you at least tell me when you do it?  And tell me how he does?”
each other. It just wasn’t working. Not like it should for two people who are married to each other. It just wasn’t working.
He heard Steve leave the house as he put the dishes away.  He didn’t ask where he was going, but habit forced him to look out the window.  He didn’t go out to the dock this time, so it was to be one of his trips around the lake, then.  He did it a lot, wheeling along the paths and broken roads, using the pavement if there was any, making his way around the circumference of the lake.  It was eight miles.  Eight point three, to be exact.  Nothing like the marathon runs he used to take every morning, but it was harder going, with the chair, and he’d come back, red-faced and sweating, shower, then usually nap for half an hour before dinner.  Tony only knew this from observation, not because they talked about it.  They hadn’t talked about much lately.  “Much” meaning “anything”.
That was probably for the best.
And listen for those sounds coming through the wall.
Just for today.
And they would. That was another thing they had in common. They were survivors. They were both survivors.
“Yeah, but maybe it would have been easier.”  He looked down at his hands again.  “If I hadn’t...that way, you and Pepper…”
“Talk about what?”
Tony sat down heavily on the bed. He propped his elbows on his knees and rubbed his temples. He thought of the nice dinner he had planned. The corner booth. The music. The soft lights. The ring that was currently tucked in his pocket in a small metal box.
Steve shrugged.  “Couldn’t sleep.”
“Don’t sell yourself short, soldier,” Tony said, starting the engine.  “Ninety percent of the people in this city would probably die to nail you.”
I debated with myself all day about that argument between them, but I decided to keep it mostly because i wanted Steve to start being strong enough to be able to stand up for himself a little, and I wanted Tony to see that Steve will always come home to him, even when there's rough times.
. “I'm sorry,” he said quietly.
Hunt put a comforting hand on his shoulder.  “Really.  But you might want to change first.”
done, and I just want to scream it out, you know?  But sometimes, I…I don’t think anyone would listen.  I don’t think they want to hear.  I don’t think they want to know.”
wasn’t worth the trouble?
Steve hesitated only a moment before taking it.  December 26th.  They shook.
when Steve Rogers was making him pancakes on Saturday mornings?
He hung up the phone, and took a shower. Got dressed. He took extra care with that, making sure he looked as good as he possibly could. He wanted to look good. For Steve.
She kissed him, then lifted his head from her shoulder. She touched the skin under his eye with her soft fingers. “I love you too, honey,” she said, and drew him closer one more time to kiss his cheek. “Now go downstairs and find Tony. He’s been missing you.”
“See?” Howard said. “Unique.”
He shrugged. “I invited a few people.”
Steve gave him a distracted look, then looked at Morgan, almost as if he was just barely seeing her. “She’s so big,” he said, gently. “She’s beautiful.”
He pulled the cat gently off Steve’s back and curled it against his chest, pet it and kissed the top of its head.
Dodger cocked his head quizzically, and wagged his tail in big, sweeping motions.
“I don’t have a guest room,” he said. “Sorry. But the couch is comfortable. I’ve slept on it a few times.”
wanted. “What are we talking about?”
“But what do I do with myself?”  Steve asked.  It was a big question, maybe the only question right now, but Tony’s heart felt extraordinarily light.  That hopeless cast was gone from Steve’s eyes.  His face was open again, trusting, ready to be happy.  Tony had no illusions.  There was a deep-seated depression there, and eventually Steve would need someone to talk to about it--someone with a few degrees on the wall and a string of letters after their name--but Tony thought they’d made it over this particular hump, at least for tonight.  He felt a bright flash of pride.  In Steve.  In himself.  In them.
“Is that why you agreed to go?” Tony asked, jumping right in.  Steve had said they could talk later if he wanted.  It was later.  And he wanted.  “‘Cause it was right?”
But those days were becoming less frequent.  He had a lot of days now where he didn’t think of any of those things.  Now, he thought about drawing.  About gardening.  About grocery lists, and dinner plans, and the kids at the hospital where he volunteered, and the psychology classes he was taking at the junior college two towns over.  He thought about Natasha and Bruce coming up for the weekend, and Sam telling him about the pretty barista who wrote her number on his cup and the date they had on Friday.  He thought about Rhodey and the FWB thing he had going with Maria Hill, and Steve was pretty sure he wasn’t supposed to know about that, but Tony liked to talk, and they all knew it, so why would anybody tell him a secret they didn’t want everyone in their group to know about, huh?  He thought about Wanda and Bucky--
The sun was shining through the windows when he woke. It lay in a puddle beside him, and he stretched his hand out into it, feeling the warmth of it filling his palm like liquid gold. He smiled a little, his eyes still closed, and sighed. He felt good. Really good. His soft bed. Warm sunshine. Scent of coffee in his nose. Sound of murmuring voices in his ear.
"If he dies, you won't need to, Miss Potts. I promise you that."
“I’ve had a lot of time on my hands.”
Tony toyed with the ends of Steve’s tie. It was smooth silk. Soft in his hand. He wished he could reach up and touch Steve’s neck to see if his skin felt the same, but he didn’t
Steve looked away, nodding.
They both got to their feet and slouched out of the cell. None of the other guys even looked their way. Neither Tony nor Sam looked back. They just followed the officer back down to the outer office. Tony didn’t look up on the way either. He just watched his feet, how they automatically moved one in front of the other. He would have walked that same way if he were going down a country highway, or a church aisle, or the long green hallway that led down to the electric chair.
Since Tony wasn’t home, Steve told his boss he could work a shift on Tuesday and Wednesday. He skipped his last class and went in to work at two. He stocked shelves, bagged groceries, helped carry things out to people’s cars. It was easy work. He enjoyed it for the most part. His boss, happy that Steve had decided to come in, was even pleasant. He even told a joke. Steve laughed longer and louder than he normally would have. Just to make him happy.
Steve shifted to the side. “Put ‘em over here,” he said.
Steve stood up, laughing in that way he had. That way that made the whole world a little bit warmer. A little bit brighter. “Okay, okay. Have it your way.”
with every beat. He never thought he would see anything like this. After the things that had happened when they were kids, the way Howard had treated Steve, he had never even dared to
“He didn’t hurt you, did he?” Rhodey asked, his calm voice masking the murder in his eyes.
They reached the third floor and stole down the corridor to the second door.  Outside it on the wall facing the door was a large Jackson Pollock.  Its exuberant splatters of blue, green, yellow, and red would be the first thing “Thunderbolt” saw when he opened his door in the morning.  And with the window at the end of the hallway, spilling out its morning light, it would be perfectly lit.  The effect was probably dizzying.
This time, the laughter was definite.  “Okay,” Steve warned.  “But no bitching about a sore back later.”
Next chapter will be up on Wednesday. Thank you all for reading!
Steve laughed again. “Tattle-tale.”
Steve rolled his eyes and smiled, and suddenly the world was a much, much better place. Lighter. Brighter. Easier. Steve felt it too. Tony could see it in his face, and he felt the remnants of that icy wall between them finally melt away. Steve put his hand into Tony’s and cocked a brow. “You won’t, huh?” he asked, and let Tony tow him in toward him.
name, Steve.  Say it.”
This one is a little short. But I think it says everything I wanted it to say here.
Steve moved over him in a predatory way, muscles flexing like a tiger on the prowl, looking at him like he wanted to crawl inside his skin and devour him from the inside out. “I didn’t notice,” he said, and kissed him deeply.
He got to his feet and started to pace. Sam had promised he’d be here as soon as he checked on his own patients at the care center where he worked, and while Steve had been anxious for him to show up before, now he was nearly frantic.
Like now. Now, Tony usually crawled up the length of Steve’s body, kissing him as he went. Steve liked the full-body contact, and usually Tony gave it to him, but not tonight. Tonight, he trailed a finger--one lone finger--over the peaks and valleys of Steve’s skin instead. He started at his toes, moved over his calf muscle, his knee, his hip. Steve jerked as Tony’s finger dipped into his belly button, then traced over the contours of his abs, spending more time there than anywhere, outlining every single groove of his six-pack.
“I’ve written him a few times,” Tony said, at last.
"Maybe I was wrong," Steve said. "Maybe you are the worst."
His thoughts turned to Bucky again, his oldest friend, his dearest friend, and then to Sam and Wanda who had stood by him when no one else had.  Natasha was the only one left of his little family of rogues, and he missed her keenly.  He hoped wherever she was, she was with Clint tonight, and just like Tony and Rhodey, that was only right.  They’d been partners and friends long before she and Steve had ever even met, but the loss of her still stung.  They’d grown so close during those months on the run, and many nights had found them huddled together under a threadbare blanket or on a shitty motel bed, pressed together for warmth and comfort.
Clint smiled, and she threaded her arm through his and turned him back to the computer.  Away from Baxter.  Away from the temptation to just kill the son of a bitch.
“I let you push me around all afternoon like an invalid,” Steve protested.
“Really?” Steve asked, his voice cracking.
Steve laughed a little.  “Yeah,” he said.  “We can get a cat.”
“Blah, blah, blah,” Bucky said loudly, then shouted over his shoulder, “Are you hearing this fucking bullshit, Rogers? I mean, Jesus Christ. This man’s gone. We need medevac.”
Steve lifted his hands and touched Tony’s waist. It was all he dared do. All the contact he dared have. He was afraid of what would happen if he let himself go further.
“In my room, asleep.  He’s exhausted.  I don’t think he’s slept...at all, probably since it happened.”
“And financially? I could-”
“They’ll all be
The hate.
“That’s why I do it,” Tony said, and now he sounded almost smug. He leaned closer to Steve, lying against his broad chest and nuzzling his neck. “I like to get my own way. But the good thing is, my way is usually pretty good for you too.”
“Don’t be mad, Rhodey, okay?  Please?” Tony babbled as Rhodey helped him inside, holding him up, holding him close in spite of the ripe smell of alcohol and sweat and sadness coming off him.
After showering, Thad had changed into a pair of pajama pants and a robe. Steve hadn’t showered yet. He didn’t always. Thad liked to see him lying in his bed covered in his come. He’d told Steve more than once, that if he had his way, Steve would never move at all. He would just keep him there on his bed forever. The first couple times he said it, Steve had felt flattered. To think someone like Thad Ross could want him so much. But he hadn’t felt as flattered lately. In fact, when Thad said it lately, Steve had started to feel a little sick.
A sudden wave of possessive protectiveness swept over him.  He needed to keep Steve safe.  He needed to guard him against anything and everything that could harm him.  He was like a rough jewel and he needed to be watched and protected.
“Steve,” she said, taking his hand. “You’ve heard as many of his MIT stories as I have. You know he’s open to it.”
Tony stood in front of him, touched the smoothness of his cheek.  "No."
Tony shook his head.  “It’s okay.”
The stars were shining down, bright in the darkness.  Tony had been afraid when they moved out here, that he wouldn’t be able to be out here alone after dark.  Not after Titan.  Not with all those stars.  But, actually, he found it quite peaceful.
“You don’t have to.”
Sarah didn’t seem to think it was a stupid question, though. She looked at him seriously, and nodded her head. “Yes. It’s him. He wants to talk to Tony.”
But Steve hadn’t really needed that particular image in his head.  Especially sitting here in this room with him.  Especially since good, old “Thunderbolt” kept giving him decidedly wolfish looks across the polished table, obviously thrilled to be here, his eyes saying, “I own you, Rogers” as plain as day.
,” Tony said, and both men looked at him.  Ross’ face held that same disdain, but it was Steve’s Tony was more interested in.  There was anger there.  And worse, betrayal.
“‘Less wrong’,” Tony repeated.  “I notice you didn’t say ‘right’.”
“I guess so.”
“I said I’ve
Sam touched her shoulder.  “Nat.  Don’t.”
, baby, I’m not sorry.  Not for bringing you here.  Not for being with you, not for wanting you, or loving you.  I could never be sorry for that.  Not for any of those things.”
can take care of her.’ That’s what he said, Tony.” He laughed again, but this time it was harsh and uneven, nothing like his sweet, natural laugh. “He said they were
Steve--was gone.”
“I’m thinking about her again,” he said, and pleasure so intense it bordered on pain exploded through him. “Stop,” he said weakly. “Stop, or I’m going to come and then this will be over. I’m not twenty anymore, Steve, in case you didn’t notice.”
“Baby,” Tony began, indecision tearing him to pieces, unsure if he should go to him or stay here to protect him from another bullet.  “Steve, baby, listen, it’s okay, right?  It wasn’t you, you
“I changed my mind,” Steve said.  “Go to a hotel.”
“Steve?” Tony said.  “Steve, wake up, baby.  Please wake up.”
The arms holding him loosened, and Tony clenched his eyes tightly shut. “You really love her,” he said quietly.
to stare. I probably was staring. But in all fairness, you were the one who came up here and got all naked in the first place. I mean,”--the soft sounds of a towel on bare skin. Fabric. A zipper-- “Christ, did you even think about the paparazzi? We don’t live in a vacuum, Steve. They
FRIDAY had come back on-line two hours after requesting to power down.  In Tony’s estimation, that was probably like a two-year sabbatical in machine-years.  They had been very gentle with each other since.  Tony started keeping daisies on the kitchen table.  Buying them the first time had hurt.  Play through the pain.
“Steve,” Tony whispered, “are you--?”
cast of
It was quiet, and Dodger whined again. Tony restrained himself from just slamming the door open and bursting inside. He needed to go slow. Slow and steady. True, that wasn’t generally his style, but he could do it. He knew he could.
of you.  Not like I had with him.  And I don’t expect to, and I
“That’s unsanitary.”
“Can we go see the dogs?”
She looked up at him then, her dark eyes serious and solemn, a little crease to her brow, and for some reason, he thought of Steve. Those little frown lines he had between his brows. At least the ones that had been there the last time Tony had seen him...but that had been forever ago now. A lifetime. There was no point in thinking about that now. Last he’d heard about Steve, he was living with some guy over in Queens. Nat had tried to bring him up a few times since Tony had moved back, but he shut her down quick. He didn’t want to know. Didn’t want to hear how happy and in love Steve was with some other guy. Some other
“What was it then?”
kissed him goodbye.  Wherever Tony was--in bed, the kitchen, in the garage--if he was home, Steve would search the house until he found him, put a hand on his waist, his thumb edging under Tony’s shirt to touch his skin, lean down and kiss him.  It was usually quick, no more than a two-second press of his lips, but it was warm, friendly, and above all,
“We don’t have to. You deserve a day off.”
“Three years,” Sam answered. “But if you stay in longer, they pay more.”
“Maybe.”
“Oh.”  He leaned his head back against the wall.  “That’s good.  Fury was right to contact her.  I wasn’t sure.”  He fidgeted, scraping paint off the brick with one short thumbnail.  “At least one captain can get things done.”
Rhodey shook his head.  “I didn’t say that.”  He paused.  “
“I told you before, Steve, we’re not soldiers.”
turn to take the plunge. He’d fought his own battle with alcohol. He’d been to
Tony kissed his mouth, then pushed him gently but firmly until he was lying down. “Tony,” he began, then stopped talking when Tony pulled his sweats down and engulfed his cock suddenly and completely with his mouth. When that happened, all of his words disappeared. They fled from his mind in an instant. There was nothing in his brain. Nothing. Nothing except the feeling of Tony’s lips and tongue, and for once, his brain didn’t rebel. It just quieted. It just let the body take over, and enjoyed transmitting the sensations from nerve-ending to nerve-ending, from body to head to heart and back again.
you’ll look for.”
Steve drew in a deep breath and let it slowly out. Then again. His eyes bored into Tony’s, and Tony let him look. Let him look just as long as he wanted to. As long as he needed to. He’d let him look for the next fifty years--the next hundred--as long as it meant he was standing here with him. As long as it meant they were together.
“Stark?” he said, his eyes adjusting to the gloom.  “What are you doing in my house?”
“They are.”
“I am so glad I came over here tonight,” he said dreamily, and it was true. He was glad. In spite of everything, he was extremely glad.
told him six-thirty. Had told him there was no rush. It wasn’t Steve’s fault Tony was so anxious to see him. Well, it
Tony sighed out a breath and narrowed his eyes in an accusatory, sulky frown. “I
The elevator stopped and they got off into the darkened living room.  Tony took his leftovers into the kitchen.  He’d had the waitress write his name on it in big bold letters with a black Sharpie--TONY STARK.  Steve had to bite the insides of his cheeks to keep a straight face.  When Clint came back, he’d take him out for a beer or something.  He kind of felt like he owed him one.
“Did you really go four more times after I left that day?”
But Tony was standing there, looking at him with a little smile, and a soft, waiting look in his eyes. And he was still holding his jacket, not bothered in the least that it was old and faded, and that Steve’s clothes reeked of Wal-Mart, and that he was so different in so many other ways. No, it didn’t matter to Tony. None of it mattered.
Steve swiped a quick hand over his face, tearing his eyes from Jonathon’s ruined body, and when he did he finally saw him, and it was Steve, not Sergeant Rogers, that ran--fucking
“You asked.”
Steve opened his eyes, rubbed them, and sat up. He glanced at his clock and saw it was almost nine o’clock. And that meant his mom was probably home. And Tony wasn’t here in his bed with him. And there were voices coming from the dining room.
wanted him. He had wanted so much to want him more than anyone else.
“Maybe.”
Tony looped his arm around the kid’s neck, then took the phone and handed it to Pepper.  She eyed him angrily.  He shrugged.  “Pep, honey, will you?”
Thanks for sticking with me so far.
“‘Cause I really was only saying it for Bruce’s sake. He was all flustered this afternoon, and then tonight…”
“Save it for the camera, baby,” Tony growled in his ear, and Steve blushed harder. Smiled more. How did he get so lucky?
Steve laughed and shook his head. “He’s not my boyfriend.”
"Don't be stupid.  Of course you have. "
He didn’t stop on his own floor, he just pushed the button for the penthouse, and rode the elevator up as high as it would go. He got out when it stopped, and stood in front of Tony’s door. He had been here many times. Even before they’d started seeing each other, he’d come up here for one reason or other. Or for no reason at all. No reason other than just wanting to see Tony. Talk to him. Spend time with him. He smiled a little at that because nothing really changed, did it? That’s exactly what he wanted now. Just to see him. Talk to him. Spend time with him.
“I took a walk,” Steve said. He felt his arm tighten around Tony’s waist. It happened automatically, without his input at all. Just his body reacting--like instinct--and he went with it because it was what he wanted anyway. He wanted to feel Tony. Feel his body, his heart, his breath. Everything. “It didn’t help much.”
Tony softened, but the troubled frown stayed on his lips. “I said it’s February fifteenth.”
hug. “You won’t hurt her,” Tony said into his shoulder. “Christ, Steve, you won’t hurt her. I know you won’t. You won’t hurt her, you won’t hurt
“It doesn’t have to be today,” Tony said, pressing his forehead against Steve’s. “Or tomorrow. Or next week. Or even next year.” He put his hand back on Steve’s cheek, holding him in place. Both of their heads were on the pillow, foreheads together, mouths an inch apart. Steve would be leaving soon. Too soon. In just a couple short hours. Then Tony would not see him for...who knew how long? Maybe never. But he wanted this. He wanted everything. Ever since he saw Steve walk through the door of the bar tonight, he had wanted, and wanted, and wanted. And he knew it was selfish. He knew that he was asking Steve for a lot, but if--
“This is more fun.”
“What way?” Tony asked shakily.
Clint cleared his throat loudly, and Tony dragged his gaze away from Steve’s. “What do you want, Barton?”
Steve sighed and scuffed his toe on the ground. He didn’t say anything. They both knew there was nothing to say.
“Thanks for staying.”
Tony wrapped his arms around him and pressed his forehead against Steve’s shoulder.  “Yeah,” he said.  “Yeah.  I want to remember.”
“-Just friends.”
“Hmm?” Just a soft, questioning sound.
Steve laughed in a lazy, helpless way that made Tony feel almost giddy.  Had Steve told him once that love fades?  He felt sorry for the poor bastards who lived
The God he believed in now was a little more forgiving.
“I was waiting.”
She nodded, not trusting herself to speak.  There was fresh blood on his lips, his chin, his cheek.  Had it only been last night that she’d kissed those lips, stroked that cheek?  It seemed like a lifetime now, a cold, lonely lifetime.
Tony agreed.  He was on time.
“I guess so.”
Steve panted, his legs shaking, barely able to hold him up. Tony added a finger alongside his tongue, curling it just right, just enough to make Steve whimper and moan in a brazen way that made Tony’s lips curve against Steve’s skin.
“I’m not jealous,” he muttered.
Pepper gave his cheek one more swipe.  “I am glad you called, Tony.  Things were a little too quiet without you around.”
“Yes, you can.  You can because I need to say it, and you’re going to listen.”
“I wouldn’t say that.”
“Easy there, Thad,” Tony said.  “Don’t do anything stupid, ‘kay?  I don’t want to fry you, but I will.”
… “How ‘bout the aquarium?” he asked, spying a coffee cup sitting in the dish drainer. They’d given it to him when he’d signed his membership form last year.
“Nothing,” he said. “He doesn’t have
Natasha stirred fretfully beside him, a moan escaping her lips.  Steve looked down at her, and in an instant, it was gone--the power, the visions, the righteous fear--and it was just him again.  Just plain old Steve Rogers from Brooklyn.
Steve laughed a little, blue eyes shining.  “Apparently not well enough.”
Nothing.
“What about ‘clean’?” he asked, and he could feel his blood pressure rising even as he spoke. “
“And ever and ever,” Tony said.
“You’re always funny, Daddy.”
Tony shook his head. “No. No, Steve. Definitely not.”
Tony took a deep breath, let it out slowly. Sam gave him a conciliatory nudge with his shoulder. Tony smiled a little. “Hi, honey,” he said into the phone. “It’s me. Umm...I’ve got a problem…”
“It’s nothing,” Steve said against his shoulder.  “It’s just a couple of stupid classes.  You’re saving the
Stane grunted, and glanced at the boy who was apparently his godson. “Tony has no manners or tact and confuses that with charm,” he said. “Isn’t that right, Tony?”
“Has there been another attack?”
“Rogers.”
“You sure?”
Tony came to him and took his hand, interlacing their fingers together easily and expertly. He put his other arm around Steve’s neck and drew him down until he could press a kiss to his forehead, then guided Steve’s head down onto his shoulder where it fit best. Steve exhaled with undeniable relief, and slipped his free arm around Tony’s waist. Oh. That felt good.
“Promise?”
Tony grabbed Steve’s can of Coke and took a swallow, then put it back into his waiting hand. “You voted for the outdoor kitchen,” he said, melting a little when Steve chuckled beside him. “The no-pool thing is on you, Bruce, and Rhodey.”
night.”
“Yeah,” he agreed. “We should.”
Tony frowned at him as he picked up the syrup. “Um. You have one?”
Tony put his hands on Steve’s shoulders, pressed his thumbs into either side of his spine and kneaded his muscles, rubbing the tension out of them.
1:02.
“We’re coming now, Nat,” he said, but his eyes never left Tony’s watchful face.  When she was gone, Steve smiled.  It was small, but it was there.  He squeezed Tony’s hand then let it go.  “We’d better go do this, I guess,” he said.
Steve gave Tony another squeeze. “I love you.”
, that shrug said, and poured the drink.
“Sure, Tony.”
The air between them had changed subtly. There was a charge that had not been there before, something that crackled and sizzled. He’d felt it before, during the war. While gearing up for a run, it had been as if an electric current had gone rogue and jumped from one man to the next. Hair stood on end, muscles quivered and jumped. During missions now, he felt it still. It was an eagerness for battle, a desire to go in swinging and make sure you and your squad were the ones who came out whole. Had he felt it before the serum? He’d been in plenty of fights, plenty of scuffles with neighborhood toughs. He’d come away bloody and bruised, but never broken. The truth was, they made him feel alive in a way that nothing else ever had. He’d relished it then and he relished it now. And Nat felt the same. The same hard glow was in her eyes, the same tautness in her muscles. He sensed them thrumming just beneath the surface of her skin, and knew that if he touched her now, he’d feel her trembling.
--to kiss him, to touch him, to claim him boiling just under the surface of his skin. He’d held himself in check by sheer force of will, but he could feel that will crumbling. Could feel it shredding away, and he wanted it to. He wanted to be powerless around Tony. Wanted to just give in to every greedy desire burning in his brain. Wanted to be his subject and his ruler all at the same time.
here with me.  Be with me.  Okay, baby?  Okay?”
Steve grunted.  It sounded like a ‘yes’ in his head, but it must not have come out that way, because Tony shook him a little.
“Come on, Steve,” he coaxed, wanting to see him smile, wanting to make him blush, all the while hating himself for wanting that. “You can tell me.”
“That’s not fair,” Tony said.  He was suddenly very warm and very aware that this was not only a
Steve wiped away the tear that escaped his lashes. “Yeah,” he said. “The future.”
She looked at Steve seriously.  “You don’t want her to help you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He sat down.  “What happened?” he said.  He tried very hard to say it calmly.  A couple people had glanced their way when Steve first came in, but now they went back to their own visits.  That was good.  He didn’t want to disrupt anyone else.  If they were anything like him, they had been looking forward to it for the last two weeks.  He took a deep breath and Steve watched him, his eyes a heavy weight, watching to make sure Tony was going to stay calm.  “Are you okay?” he asked, and Steve smiled approvingly.
, Steve. That’s not enough for me.”
Steve stood off to the side, not at the bar, but close enough. He always felt uncomfortable at these things. The lights were always a little too bright, the talk a little too loud. Funny that he, who had been an almost-literal showgirl in his other life, should feel out of place amongst such glitz and glamor, but he did.
"That's bullshit," Tony whispered.  "You should have told me."
“Yeah, but she’s in bed. Has been for hours. I’m lonely. Come over.”
Tony got to his feet and walked--walked, not ran--toward her. He didn’t think it looked particularly bitey, but you never knew. Looks could be deceiving. “Morgan,” he said, and at the same time, he heard another voice call, “Dodge.
“Good.”
Steve laughed. Just a little. Just enough to make Tony look at him with an eyebrow raised. “I don’t remember him being so fucked up,” Steve said. “I remember him being funny. And smart. And kind.” He moved closer, and slipped one arm around Tony’s waist, tugging him gently into his side. “And pretty good to a kid who was
?" Steve gasped, his voice filled with confusion and hunger. "What's wrong? Why'd you stop?"
Ouch.  He hadn’t thought
“I told you I wouldn’t feel in control if my hands were completely covered.  The shield wouldn’t feel right.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Aren’t
“Sure, we would.  Sleeping bags, blow-up mattresses.  Ooh, pillow fort.  We’d make it work.”
Tony fiddled with his spoon, then sighed.  “
He probably did.
, Tony.”
“No new tricks, huh?” Steve panted, adding his own hips into the mix, rocking up against Tony.
"Oh, trust me, Steve.  I know that."
He turned the water off and quickly toweled dry.  His clothes were in a jumble on the floor.  He untangled them and got dressed, pulling his shirt on inside-out, not caring, as he ran a hand through his hair.  He didn’t look in the mirror.  He didn’t think he could stand to see his reflection right now.
“You are acting like a child.”
, he thought fleetingly. “It’s okay, Daddy.”
“What are you talking about, Tony?” she asked sweetly.
“So, maybe we build an addition on.  Another bathroom, a couple more bedrooms.  We’ve got plenty of time.”
The spot where it happened.
“This is Secretary Ross.  I need a police escort for one Steven Grant Rogers.  He needs to be taken into custody.  He just assaulted me at Tony Stark’s country residence.”
“And all you had to do for it was...what?” Steve asked, teasing but curious.
“They’re all elevated.  He’s under extreme stress.”
of him, need of him.  “How did you get in here?”
“I’m not-,” Tony said, and ran a frustrated hand through his hair. “I’m not
?” Tony repeated. “You think I’m dangerous?”
“You did,” he said, removing Tony’s hand from his head.  “I knew you were in the next room if I needed to come get you.  That helped.
Sam nodded, and then she was hugging him, and kissing him fiercely once before smacking him on the arm and starting in with the lecture. Tony could tell it was a lecture. But he could also tell that it was a gentle one. He looked hopefully at Steve.
And he was. Looking
He didn’t want to take it, but they gave it to him anyway. He thought about going home, but in the end, he didn’t. He didn’t think he could face his mother right now. Not with the guilt hanging over his head. Not with the knowledge of how badly he had fucked up. How he had gotten Bucky maimed. Gotten Jonathon killed.
“I just-” his eyes flicked to Tony again. Tony’s were still on him. His mouth was still doing that little thing, that little smile, but now it seemed more amused, like he was enjoying this show immensely. A hot blush crept out of Steve’s collar. “I just gotta go. See you later,” he said, and then he was running--
“Colonel Rhodes has been trying to get into the training room for the last ten minutes.”
She kissed his cheek.  “It’s okay.”  She got out of bed, got dressed, and went into the bathroom.  “Do you want me to stay?” she called.  She peed with the door open.  Steve would never do that.  Tony’d had his penis in his mouth dozens of times, but he’d never seen it used for its primary purpose.  “My brother’s coming home tonight, but I can stay if you want.”
He nodded. “Okay. Okay, maybe I’ll try that.”
Steve shook his head. “Not yet.”
“No.  Jeff--”
“I’m sorry,” Steve said. “I know I shouldn’t be here, Tony. I didn’t mean to make things...weird for you, but-” he sighed and ran his hand through his hair.
just out of his grasp, but Tony would get him there. Steve knew he would. He knew because Tony had told him he would give him everything he wanted, and that was what he wanted. Quiet. Peace. Mercy.
Tony felt a snap of electric anger. He made a grab for it before it could escape and run amok. It felt a bit like grabbing a tiger by the tail, but he managed it. For the moment. “Okay,” he began slowly, trying to keep that tiger from snarling, “I admit this wasn’t my finest hour. But, baby, if you’d been there, if you’d heard the things he was saying-”
“Guess I--oh
“For real?”
Josh--
“Since when are
“I really do know it’s stupid,” Steve said, but he felt good. God. So good. Like this was another promise he’d made. Or, at least one he was in the
“Forever.”
Even though Steve had been very much on his mind--almost overwhelmingly so--during this whole encounter, Tony realized it was the first time either of them had mentioned him.  He wondered how much
Tony laughed and put his forehead against Steve’s shoulder.  “What am I going to do with you two, huh?” he murmured.
When she reached for a wooden spoon or a set of tongs, sometimes her mouth would turn sharply down for a fraction of a second before smoothing out again and curving back up into her usual smile.
Steve breathed a laugh. “You sound sure.”
Steve shook his head. “I don’t get home ‘til pretty late. And I’ve got to work in the morning.”
Morgan yawned. “Daddy said it’s ‘cause you’re like a superhero. He said you have to
. Not any more. And for one brief, intense moment, he let himself think about Tony. Let himself remember the way he looked in the sunlight, holding his hand at the lake house, lying in Steve’s bed, curled up in the sheets, the way he raised one eyebrow to punctuate a sentence, the way his hands moved so confidently when he drove, the way he tasted, the way he smelled, the way he felt beneath him, the way he said
Howard nodded, and if Steve was not mistaken, there were tears of his own, hiding down in the depths of his eyes. “Yes,” he said. “Yes. I’d like to. Very much.”
“You’re welcome.”
“Definitely."
“Yeah, Tony,” Sam said from behind them.  “What
Steve shook his head.  “John McClane would never do that.”
Tony pushed him against the wall of the elevator and latched onto his neck, kissing, licking, sucking, but never using his teeth. Just like he’d promised. Steve let himself go boneless, letting Tony’s weight hold him up, letting Tony do whatever he wanted to him. Letting him take control of his pleasure, and Tony took full advantage of that unique privilege. He thrust his thigh between Steve’s legs, and he rubbed against it, whispering, “Tony. Oh god, Tony,” continuously in his ear.
“You and me,” she repeated, and Tony closed his eyes, relieved.
Steve shrugged. “Just to talk,” he said. “That’s all.”
In his mind, Tony saw himself rushing forward and spitting in the man’s face. He saw himself punching him in the mouth, screaming at him for fucking up the one good thing he had in his life. But in reality, he didn’t do those things. He just looked at his father, then said in a tone that was dull and lifeless. “I’m not your son anymore.”
he thought.
“Yeah.  Yeah.  Thanks.”
Went home.
Ross smiled.
“Ouch,” Tony said, and took his hand.  Steve’s closed firmly around it.  “I’m sorry.”
“Come on,” he muttered, as the car slipped on the wet road.  “Come on, come on.”  Then, like a blessing, there was the turn-off to the cabin.  Two miles.  Tony took the turn at high speed, barely letting off the gas.  He fancied he felt the car rise up on two wheels as he cornered.  That might have been his imagination.  It might not have.
right here,
When Nemo was found and the credits began to roll, Tony used the remote control to turn off the DVD. Morgan was sound asleep, sprawled halfway in Steve’s lap. Tony stood up and stretched his arms above his head, revealing that sliver of skin Steve remembered so well from when they were kids.
“I will.”
“Now, I’m starting to worry a little, too,” Bruce said.  He looked at the plans hovering around them, and used his own hands to expand the image.  “This, Tony.  This is beautiful work.  But, it shouldn’t come at the expense of everything else.”
“Steve,” he began, and then he was coming, the dam breaking, rapture enveloping him.  Steve was there with him, his moan of fulfillment muffled as he sunk his teeth into Tony’s neck.  And in that moment, Tony could deny him nothing.  “God, yes, I loved you.  Baby, I love you
“No. Really not.”
He heard a scrambling on the other side of the door, then it was thrown open, and Morgan was there, beaming up at him, her hair in pigtails, teeth white and perfect inside her rosebud mouth. He thought she was the prettiest thing he’d ever seen.
“I thought...I thought before you left, you might…” He shrugged. “And then every time I wrote you, I hoped the next letter I got would have them inside.”
Steve looked at his hands. Bit his lip. “Kind of. Yeah.”
Give me a
Steve stepped closer.  “Of course, I do,” he said.  “I always need you.  I’ll never not need you.  But he’s your best friend, and you two have known each other a lot longer than you and I have.”
“You said
“Just,” he began, then bit his lip again, the image of Steve in one of those less-functional costumes now firmly fixed in the front of his mind. “Just give me the most recent Captain America designs, huh?"
Stark.  FOCUS.
Tony shook his head. “Nothing. Just Barton. You know.”
Tony laughed, ran his hand down Steve’s chest to his stomach then back to his shoulder. He pretended not to notice the way Steve shuddered. The way his cock suddenly felt hotter, more insistent against Tony’s. “Feeling at a disadvantage, baby?” he teased.
He tried not to think about that dream when he visited her. When she was lucid, and knew all the years that stood between them, he almost succeeded. But when she quieted and her eyes clouded, it was more difficult. When she blinked and those eyes, those dark, dark eyes, filled with terrible hope and the tears began to fall, it was more than difficult--it was impossible. He stayed with her then, his large unblemished fingers reaching to swallow up her small wrinkled ones. He laid his head on the pillow next to hers and whispered, “I’m here. I’m here. I’m not going anywhere,” until she stilled again. When she was asleep, he pulled his hands from hers--gently, oh so gently--and walked out the door. He tried not to think of that dream as he walked down the street, cap pulled low on his brow, shoulders hunched inside his jacket. He tried not to think about it and thought about it the whole way home.
Steve hugged him one more time, then retreated back down the hallway. His mind was a swirling tempest, throwing up images of his mother, Tony, Jonathon Juniper, Howard Stark, even his own father, dredging them up from the pits of his subconscious where they slumbered ninety-nine percent of the time, only coming out when he was in intense pain. When he was at his lowest.
When Steve finally closed the cover, Tony volunteered to do the dishes. Steve helped, drying and putting things away, watching with an amused eye while Tony splashed around in the suds like a kid. Steve thought it was pretty obvious Tony had never washed dishes before, but he was glad he enjoyed it as much as he seemed to.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry, Tony. I’m sorry I was...I’m sorry. Please. What’s wrong?”
I honestly don't know how many more chapters. Every time I think "Two more to go!" something else happens. But, two more (???) to go!
“He died.”  The thumb started to come back up to his mouth.  Steve forced it back to the armrest and held it tightly.  “I’d made my peace with it then, but now…” He shook his head.
“I know, Tony,” Steve said. “It’s okay. I know.” Then Steve’s finger was pressed against his entrance, and Tony fell back on the bed, everything lost to him again. Everything but the feeling of Steve doing things to him. Steve taking control. Steve taking care of him. The feeling of
Steve started, as if she had woken him.  He looked at her, his eyes clouded.  “Yeah.  Yeah, Peggy, I’m fine.”
“Baby?”
He went into the house and closed the door.  He checked on Steve, then turned on the tv to start the wait.  There was a storm coming, the grinning weatherman said.  “Better watch yourselves out there, party people,” he said.  Tony groaned and turned the tv back off.  He’d rather have the silence than
Steve propped his feet comfortably up on Tony’s thighs. “It took a while for the list to happen,” he said. “For a long time, I really just focused on the stuff they thought I needed to know.” He smiled again, but this time, it seemed forced. “There was a lot. The world just moved on without me. It’s a strange thing. Realizing you’re not really that essential. That the world just keeps turning whether you’re there or not.”
“What are you doing?” Steve asked.
“‘Kay.”
Tony nodded.  He knew Steve had been on edge for a week.  He spilled his cereal yesterday morning and swore colorfully and loudly for ten solid minutes.  Tony had to leave the table and hide in the bathroom after Steve got to “Fuck you, Captain fucking Crunch.  Christ, I hate you.”  He stood against the door, smothering his laughter in his fist.  He didn’t want Steve to think he was laughing at him.  He wasn’t.  Not really.  It was just the situation.
And then he was gone.
“That’s what I’m talking about.  You care so goddamn much.  Not just about me,” he said, then ran a possessive hand up Steve’s arm, “but it always felt like maybe you cared about me more than the average Avenger.”
Tony kissed him again and whispered in his ear, “I’m not teasing. You’re gorgeous, baby. Perfect. Sweet and perfect.”
the gods.
“I already talked to Rhodey.  He’s having this same conversation with Tony.  It’ll be fine.”
“We were in the grocery store, and--”
“Good.  Now let’s get you in the shower and into bed.”
here with her. You’ve been here with her every time, haven’t you?”
Tony slipped up the darkened stairwell, making as little noise as possible.  That was one thing about not wearing the suit that he’d come to appreciate:  the ability to move silently.  No thrusters giving away his movements.  However, incognito had never been Iron Man’s style.  He was an in-your-face kind of guy.  Tony Stark had grown to enjoy a quieter life.
Steve smiled.
“That’s not necessary, FRIDAY, thank you,” Steve grumbled, then, “Thor broke the second one.”
And he did. God, did he want to go get lunch.
“FRI?  You
Steve slipped his hand up the length of the tie to the knot at Tony’s throat, but instead of untying it, he just ran his fingers over it.
Steve scratched down a few notes on the margin of his textbook.  It pained him in a vague way to do that.  When his professor had said in their first class that not only did he
“Tony.”  Her face was anxious, her eyes wide and concerned.  “Are you okay?” she asked, biting her lip.
what he was thinking. He felt fear, and pressure, and a sharp, piercing loneliness that he just couldn’t shake. Sam was here, and he could not be more grateful, but when it came right down to it, without his mother, he was alone. All alone. He had no one but her. No one. And if something happened to her--when she died, hopefully, far far in the future--he would be alone for real.
He ran his thumb over it now. It was a twenty-four-hour number. It didn’t matter that it was nine o’clock on a Wednesday night. It didn’t matter that most other government agencies were closed at this hour. All that mattered, was those numbers. And those words. Especially the one word. The “mediocrity” word. Would calling this number now help get rid of that? Would he still be mediocre if he was a man in uniform, protecting and defending his country against all enemies both foreign and domestic? Would Howard Stark see his worth if he was doing those things? Would Tony?
“It’s not too bad, Steven,” Howard said. “It’s Newton’s Third Law. That means-”
He didn’t sleep for a long time.
possibly deserve to wake up to Tony lying on his chest, touching him in the morning sunshine? “Didn’t mean to wake you up.”
Tony broke away, and prodded Steve’s side. “Move,” he said.
“You know. One of those disgustingly happy couples who are way too into each other, and can’t keep their hands to themselves, and make with the kissy-faces all the time and grosses everybody else out. Those couples. And what? Why are you smiling like that?”
Tony was holding it together fairly well.  He kept his body easy, his voice, aloof.  Nevermind that his guts were boiling inside his skin.  Nevermind that his brain was going haywire and his heart was racing so fast it felt like an attack.  The butterflies were back, beating their wings in that old, familiar rhythm--SteveSteveSteveSteve.
Steve ducked his head. His shoulders fell. The words
Steve hung his head. He let out a breath, and Tony could see the way his mouth had bowed into a secret smile. “Doing what?” he asked.
. Saturdays were for bare feet and AC/DC t-shirts. If he wanted to put shoes on, he might as well do it up completely Howard-style and go down to the office and work, and that sure as fuck wasn’t happening.
“Sure,” he said, then scuffed one foot on the floor, the blush growing more heated. “And then what?”
Steve shifted in his seat, turning a little to look at Tony closely. Part of him wondered if Tony was making fun of him, but it was a small part. As much as he liked to tease, Tony wasn’t mean-spirited. He’d never take something Steve said and twist it to hurt him. “Really?” he asked seriously.
Steve slipped his hand into Tony’s, smiling when it closed easily over his. “Just on the beach though, ‘kay?” he said. “I didn’t bring any spray paint.”
A phone call. Some snuggles. Some pain.
She touched his cheek, searching his face. She ran a finger beneath his eye. The skin there looked bruised, like exhaustion had physically socked him in the face. “You look so tired,” she said, and he laughed quietly.
Neither did. Neither wanted to.
Steve walked them toward the bed, still kissing him, limping on his bad left leg, until the backs of Tony’s knees hit the mattress.
He closed his eyes, willing his body to cooperate and calm down.  If only he could get Steve to do the same.  “No,” he said evenly.  “That’s
He didn’t want to answer that question.
“Actually, I’m kind of wondering the same thing.”
He got in the elevator and rode it up. School was going to be out soon. One month. He could leave now and still be fine. He’d already been accepted to MIT. He didn’t really need to finish out the year, but he would. If he hadn’t gotten with Steve then he wouldn’t have bothered, but he
She blotted the rest of the blood away, then leaned back.  “Good as new,” she said, and a grief-laced arrow pierced his heart.
Tony raised his head, looking into Steve’s eyes. They were the same. Steve loved how much they were the same. Even with the tiny crinkles that resided at the corners now, or maybe because of them. Yeah.
?” Tony asked incredulously.  “You’re leaving because you think Rhodey’s got dibs on me?”
“Good,” Steve said.  “I don’t want to be in here anymore.”
“But it won’t be enforced,” Fury countered.  “Because Captain Rogers asked for her presence, and I am inclined to agree with him on this.”
“It was a different time, Tony,” Steve said softly.
“What are you then?”
“She doesn’t mean it that way,” Bruce said, putting a consoling hand on Tony’s arm while simultaneously shooting a distraught look at Natasha.
FRIDAY rattled off a list of his vitals--blood pressure: normal, heart rate: normal, temperature: one degree above normal, but non-threatening.  “I don’t think his issue is physical, boss.  He just looks sad.”
Steve held out his hands wordlessly.
“And I’m calling bullshit,” Tony flared back. “I mean, look at you!” He threw his hand out to where Steve stood in the water, that cool, clear water that Tony had been looking so forward to enjoying himself, and now couldn’t because Captain Stubborn had decided to be here in all his hot, beautiful, bare-chested glory--and by
“I almost forgot.”
Howard Stark from Stark Industries--was sitting on the chair behind Mr. Barker’s cluttered desk. He smiled at Steve. “Come in,” he invited.
He was both thrilled and frightened of seeing him.  Of seeing him here in this place so far away from anywhere and any context in which he’d seen him before.  Of course, he’d seen him in a hospital--had spent a month beside his bed in one not very long ago--but this was different.  That Steve, while physically broken, had still been
Tony sauntered closer and ran a hand through Steve’s hair.  It was both longer and darker than when they’d met, but it felt wonderfully soft beneath his fingers, like silk.  “I don’t remember that part, at all,” he said, and Steve looked up at him through dark lashes.
He’d hoped he could get by without it tonight, but that wouldn’t happen now.
Tony looked over his shoulder at Sam and Wanda.  Steve’s family.  His brother and his daughter in all but blood.
Tony backed toward the cabin door, pulling Steve by the hand. “Then come on,” he said. He pulled his keys out of his pocket and opened the door. “Come inside.” Steve shuddered out a breath, his eyes never leaving Tony’s face, but getting darker. Darker with need, with
Tony put his hand on Steve’s back. “I’ll get her in her pjs,” he said quietly. “Don’t call that cab just yet, okay?”
“Seven.”
They reached the end of the aisle, and she turned to him, reached up and took his face in her hands.  All of his thoughts were reflected in her own eyes.  Because they were
sign the Accords?” Ross asked, his voice silky.  “Tony Stark and Natasha Romanov.”
Tony sat down.
What were the odds? That the two of them would end up in the same place, at the same time, after three years of not seeing each other at all? He guessed they could be calculated. He guessed. But he was certainly the wrong person to do it. Tony might be able to do it…
“He doesn’t.”
Steve shrugged, smiling at him from under his lowered lashes.  He knew what he was doing.  Tony was convinced of it.  The menace.  “I hear Tahiti’s nice.”
Pietro shook his head. “No, Steve.
Tony slid his hand across the gulf between them, crossing it at last, and touched Steve’s arm.  “Okay, no, he wouldn’t have liked it, but he would have come around.  Even if he hadn’t known you before, you’re a likeable guy.  You’re smart and sweet, and you’ve got that whole all-American, apple-pie thing going on.  You would’ve won him over.”
Tony laughed. He wasn’t sure that he loved dogs, but Morgan did, so he’d endure. For her, he’d endure. “I’m not sure how many will be out there, but yeah. We can go see.”
,” Tony said, then immediately wrinkled his nose in a way that was both disgusted and adorable at the same time, “but I am definitely not calling you that. I’ve never seen it myself, but I don’t live under a fucking rock. I know who the guy is.” He gestured vaguely. “He’s like a puppet-guy, right?
“Come on, tough guy, you cried.”
“Yes.  You have.  It’s not good for you.”
Steve sighed, looking at Tony steadily.  “Four.  Definitely four.”
“Dodger?” he said, and the dog issued one short, loud bark. “Steve?”
This was the spot.
Steve stiffened slightly in his arms. “I
They took the ticket up to the register. Although they couldn’t really hear the sounds of extreme make-out from over here, Tony noticed it could still be seen. In two places. Not only by turning his head just the slightest bit, but there was also a mirror behind the register, and the sex-corner was very much on display in all its reflected glory.
Steve flicked it open, snapped a flame, then closed it again.  “Shouldn’t be a problem.”
Howard cleared his throat. It was obvious that he hadn’t thought it would be Steve opening the door for him either. He seemed just as surprised--and worried--as Steve did. “Hello, Steven,” he said, and his voice wasn’t quite as steady as it usually was. “How are you?”
probably happy.” He shrugged again. “That’s what I care about. That’s all that matters to me.”
He came back into the living room and sat down in the chair. Nick had fallen asleep, but Natasha was looking at him. “Can I get you anything?” he asked. “Some crackers or toast or something?”
Tony reached out a hand, played with the hem of his t-shirt. “We could just get in the shower,” he said innocently. “You have to shower, baby. You can’t go to work without showering.”
Tony shook his head. “No. Do you?”
He stopped in the bathroom, thought about showering, then thought again. He needed to see Tony. He needed to see him right now. He could still hold onto his sanity if he didn’t shower right this second. He wasn’t sure if the same could be said if he didn’t see Tony.
“Me too.”
He smiled. It was dark, sad, nostalgic. It made Tony’s heart beat faster in spite of himself. In spite of the fact that he’d felt himself throwing up quick but impenetrable walls around his heart the second he saw Steve standing at the reception desk in the office. In spite of the way a litany of words was running through his head on a loop right this very moment. Words like
Every child from the time they were old enough to grasp a crayon in their pudgy little fist knew that.  You didn’t write in books.
Tony stared at him for another few seconds, then nodded. He laughed a little. “Okay. Okay. I’ll think about it. About nothing.”
“You are one hundred percent wrong.”
“Am I what?”
"I don't give you
that you?”
Steve watched him now as he walked across the parking lot. He moved with an easy, unconscious grace that was a long way from the awkward pre-teen kid he’d been when Steve had known him before. In fact, if Steve had not been so positive of who he was looking at, he might have thought this was someone else, some other Stark son who had descended from on high to mingle with the commoners for a few hours before climbing back into his car and disappearing into the clouds once more.
And his head was bobbing again. Like a puppet on a string. “Yeah. Sure. Another time.”
there, or…”
Oh, he’d talked to it, alright.  When it reached out from under the couch and hooked its claws into Steve’s bare feet, he talked.  When it bit his hand when he put its food dish on the floor, he’d talked.  When it hissed at him every time he came into a room, he talked.  He never yelled.  He
He smiled.  “Well, I guess we’re all dying.  Relatively speaking.”
When it was quiet, Tony turned back and laid against him again. “Don’t go,” he said.
Steve didn't know.  He didn't think Pepper knew either, but he was pretty sure she had wondered.  He thought she might be wondering that very thing right now.
“I’m good, Steve,” Tony said.
“The honeymoon phase is finally over, huh?” he said, and wiped his eyes again. “Better watch out. She’s going to start telling you to comb your hair and tuck in your shirt next.”
“Yup.  Just put it there.  I’ll do it.”
“That’s right.”
Tony put the razor down.  The whole conversation seemed charged with another meaning he had not been aware of until just this moment.  “Maybe you’re right,” he said.  “Maybe we don’t have to do this tonight.”
Steve let out a shaky breath.  “Do you speak German?”
“What is it about that boy that fascinates you so much?” Howard asked.
“He doesn’t know
Steve shuddered as the nightmare ripped through his brain.  Screaming. In a red-black abyss. Pain. God, so much pain.  An agony like limbs being torn slowly from a body isolated and alone.  Violation after violation visited upon paralyzed flesh. A festering, reeking wound in the center of a swirling red eye of horror.
His mind tried to conjure the image of Bucky.  The image of him falling.  The image of him on that freeway overpass, his mask torn aside, his eyes cold and dead.
Tony hung his head, laughing under his breath.  He knew this one.  This was his category.  It was Final Jeopardy, and he was going to win it all.
Steve laughed, then ducked his head and exhaled slowly. “I’m gonna regret this,” he whispered. “I know it.”
Tony rolled off Steve’s back, pulling gently out of him. Steve moaned, a quiet sound of surrender. “It’s okay, baby,” Tony breathed, and urged him near again. “Come here.”
“What about her?” he asked sharply. “Steve? What about her?”
“Oh yeah,” Bucky--
“No,” Tony groaned. “Don’t say ‘but’.”
She grinned at him and opened a new page.
Steve collapsed in on himself, crying, and Tony was there immediately, kneeling before him, taking him in his arms.  “Bucky,” Steve sobbed into Tony’s shoulder.  “His name’s Bucky, right, Tony?  It’s Bucky, right?”
was his father, and Jarvis was never angry, at all.
"So?" he asked.  "
“Okay,” he agreed. “I believe you.” He gave Tony one last kiss, then frowned. “Aren’t you cold?”
Tony mimicked him unconsciously, the frown, the slight pulling away. “Do you think I
Tony looked at his--
He looked up at her.  Hazel eyes.  Swishy skirt.  “I know you,” he said.  “Tina.”
Tony smiled over at Wanda.  Her eyes had not left Ross, but when she felt Tony’s look, she glanced at him.  “Will you do me a favor, and go check on Sam?” he asked.  “I left him with the dogs, and I think he might be afraid of them.”
“Yeah,” he agreed, then cocked his head. “But, maybe it wouldn’t be a bad thing. My grandfather was in the Army. My dad wasn’t, but my uncle went into the military too. I don’t know.” He shrugged. “Plus, then my parents could add my college fund to my sister’s. If they did that, they wouldn’t have to take out any loans for her at all. She’d be taken care of completely.”
“Yup.  Nothing but good stuff today,” Tony said.  “But I’m still nervous.”
That was all very good information, but Steve still couldn't help but think the main point was being glossed over.
So, yeah, he trusted it.  Part of him even loved it.  There was so much he would have missed out on if he had not taken Erskine’s deal.  So many things he would not have done.  So many people he would not have met.  Peggy.  Natasha.  Tony.  All the things that made up the terrain of his life--the highs and the lows--had come because of the serum.  And he’d helped people, too.  That was all he’d ever really wanted.  To protect the little guy from the bigger ones.  He’d done that.  He was still doing that.
Tony felt all the air leave his body.  Nat clamped her hand on his, giving him an anchor.  He held back tightly.  He looked past her shoulder at Steve.  Looked into his eyes, his blue, blue eyes.  “Steve?” he pleaded.
child, hurt him. Hurt him in ways he could barely fathom. He remembered lying in bed with him, looking at him, trying so hard to not let his entire world shatter again, telling Tony he could never give him a family. That being apart was for the best because Pepper could.
He turned the television off, and grabbed a blanket off the back of the chair and laid it over Bruce’s sleeping form. Bruce didn’t wake up, but he snuggled into the warmth and mumbled “Thanks, Tony.”
Steve patted Sam’s hand.  “You go ahead and forget it, Sam,” he said.  “Me and Nat will remember it for you.”
“Hey.”
Tony shook his head. "It's the
“Are you dying?”
“Hey, you.”
be able to.  I asked Doctor Strange and--”
“You know…” Tony prodded.
He re-traced his way back down the steps and unlocked the door. He’d kept Mrs. Perkins’s welcome mat when he moved in--
Steve blushed Tony’s favorite pale pink and glanced away, hiding a grin behind his hand. “That’s not going to happen,” he said.
he thought, and tried to refocus on his final.
Tony glanced over at his daughter. “She’s never lived here before. Kind of a new experience. There’s a learning-curve, you know, but we’re getting there.”
Wait.
“Deal.  Dear General Ross,” Tony recited.
He sighed. Drank.
Steve chuckled, and finally--finally--the last of the tension ran out of his body. That warm feeling of love and home rushed in to take its place. He put his arms around Tony and pulled him tight against his chest, hugging him. “I know I do,” he said. “Sorry. Like I said, long day.”
Tony felt him trembling, but whether it was from desire or nerves, he didn’t know. He used the hand on Steve’s cheek to draw him forward, closer, wanting to go slowly, wanting to feel every little thing. Steve said they had one night. Just one. Just tonight. If that was all they had, then he wanted to give. And give. And give. Everything he had. He tilted his head just right, his muscles knowing what to do, even after all this time, knowing exactly the angle that would benefit them both the most. He stretched up, his own desire pooling in his stomach, a great red haze that obliterated everything else, and he found himself reflecting that for all the times he had touched Josh--touched
Steve laughed and leaned back against the headboard, toying idly with the phone-cord. “No,” he said. “I’ve been home for a while. Just picking Dodger up from Mom’s.”
(See the end of the chapter for
a genius, after all. “Come here,” he said, and kissed Steve’s sweet mouth. When he pulled back, Tony touched Steve’s kiss-swollen bottom lip. “They cheated,” he said, and Steve laughed again.
“He’s a criminal.  He’s dangerous.”
“Sir Purr,” he said, and the feeling of Tony’s lips curving against the skin of his neck gave him the strength to go on.  “I’m really sorry for whatever I did to upset you.  Really.  I hope we can move past it and be friends.”
Steve huffed laughter into the crook of Tony’s neck. He felt bad about it, because he shouldn’t be laughing, not right after Hutchins was killed, but he couldn’t help it. It wasn’t the first time Tony had made him laugh in an inappropriate situation. He prayed to god it wouldn’t be the last.
Tony closed the distance between them then reached down and touched his hair.  Steve hummed a little.  “I wondered where you’d gotten off to.”
“See, now you just made it worse,” Tony said, then held up his hand.  “But I’m going to restrain myself.”
He couldn’t all the details when he jolted awake an hour later, just that there had been blood and sand and screams. He woke panting, sweating, arms holding Tony tightly--too tightly. Tony struggled within that tight circle, mumbling something, frowning even as he slept, and Steve released him quickly. Tony stopped struggling and rolled away, turning his back to Steve, and curled up into a ball.
smile. Which, thinking back now, Steve realized, as he watched Tony slide out of his car and straighten his jacket--leather, with a Pearl Jam t-shirt underneath it--really hadn’t been that often. At least, at first. At least until he came and sat beside Steve at lunch one day and said, “Hey. Whatcha drawing? You’re always drawing. I want to see,” and drug Steve’s notebook toward himself and spent the rest of lunch hour exclaiming over all of Steve’s silly drawings of dancing monkeys and superheroes.
Tony sighed.
The tongue made an appearance again. Jesus wept.
He let out a breath. “But are they different answers?”
.  Remember?  Boromir.”  He sighed harshly.  “No, not Boromir, but something like that.”
That happy ending I swore was coming😊
“I’ve never done this before either.”
Tony shook him a little, then bit Steve’s lower lip gently between his own teeth. “Never,” he said, and when Steve’s smile grew, Tony thought maybe he hadn’t lost all of his innocence after all. And he was glad. More than glad.
His fingers drifted down Steve’s chest to the waistband of his jeans.  They touched the button and moved across it, idly toying with it.  “Well,” Tony said, “not
, for Christ’s sake--gave Steve a once-over, eyeing him like he was the opposition, an enemy. In a way, Steve supposed he was. He felt his brain taking over again, and he welcomed it. He rejoiced in it.
Steve laughed a little.  “That’s scary, Tony,” he said.  “If we saved the world, that means we’re still responsible for it.”
And that was too much.  It hurt too much.  Like staring at a photograph of a beloved person long deceased.  He nudged Steve in the side.  “Steve,” he said.  “Come on.  Wakey-wakey.”
Tony stepped toward him. His eyes were dark, wide, and watchful. “What are you talking about?”
He hitched in a breath and let it out in a shuddering rush.  When he spoke again, his voice was quiet, weary.  “I know I should have been the one to find you.”
They didn’t talk much for a while. They worked on their own projects. Tony could hear Steve typing on his old laptop. Heard the scritch of his pencil on the legal pads he liked to use. The big yellow ones. They were the same kind Howard had always used too. Tony had gotten over being freaked out by that. He didn’t think of them that way anymore.  He didn’t think of them as
He could call him now. It was eight o’clock. That was a decent time to start calling someone, but he thought he’d get to the office first. Give Steve a chance to get up and get moving. He didn’t work on Fridays. Tony thought he could let him sleep in. A little, anyway.
“They probably do that to everybody.”
He walked out the door and sat down on the step leading out of the hospital.  He put his head in his hands.
“Talk to him.  Tell him I’m coming.”
because Steve said it was okay. Even though he knew that was exactly the reason. They may not have seen each other for five years, but Tony still trusted him implicitly. Would still put his own--and apparently his daughter’s--safety in his hands with absolutely no compunctions.
“Yes?”
“Yeah.”
Howard Fucking Stark.
“I’ve been thinking about that too.”
Tony kissed his forehead again, then slipped lower, tucking himself under Steve’s chin and curling up against his chest, nestling into the soft space inside his arms. “Hundreds of times, baby. All the times, ‘kay?”
“Steve?” Sarah asked, her voice dark with concern. She put her hand on his back. “Do you want me to take it down?”
a good day.  Every day I get to see you is a good day.”
“Tox screen?  What--”
“Morgan,” he encouraged softly, nodding.
“Maybe I do.”
And the best of it.
,” he insisted. “We talked about it this morning. You...we made plans. A-a date. It’s not the same.”
At Tony’s urging, Steve slid back to lay his head on the pillows. He’d lain here often over the past two months, drifting off to sleep with the sounds of Tony’s heartbeat in his ears, Tony’s scent surrounding him, the silky-smooth feeling of the sheets against his skin, but now, with his eyes bound shut, all of those sounds and sensations seemed heightened. His senses were already off the charts thanks to Dr. Erskine’s serum, but without sight, the others seemed even more intense.
“It’s not yours, either,” she said. “And it’s not even
He sighed, and Steve felt his shoulder rise and fall against him. “I wasn’t really mad at
“Oh,” Tony said. Brilliantly. “I. Uh. Oh.”
Tony turned to leave, and Steve caught his hip again.  “I thought you were gonna watch.”
Tony raked a hand through his hair, and yanked his shirt back on. He took a few deep, calming breaths, then opened the door. Morgan stood there, hair tousled, eyes big and dark. She’d stopped sucking her thumb when she was four, but it hovered around her mouth now, like it did any time she thought she might be in trouble. He brushed her hair back. His insides were in an uproar, the id-part screaming angrily, but he kept his tone sweet. “What’s up, peanut?” he said.
Steve didn’t watch them go, but he knew they had. He waited until they were gone, until Sam was quiet, and Wanda was easy in his lap. He waited until Dodger had flopped down on the floor near the television. He ran a hand through his hair, then crossed the room and settled on the floor next to Morgan.
"No," Steve said.  "Turns out, there's no real cure for aging.  She said she could put me in cryo, but what would be the point?  Unless she put us both under."
Tony shook his head. “I don’t know.”
But then Tony was there.
The meeting broke up after that, but Steve hardly noticed.  He reached into his pocket and took out his compass.  Peggy looked up at him from inside.  He ran his thumb tenderly along the curve of her face.  He wished to god she was here now.
Steve didn’t think that was actually true. His father’s death had been an accident caused by a winding road and a drunk driver, but he understood why she had said it. And he understood other stuff too...But he didn’t have to think about it if he didn’t want to.
“Why don’t you want it to be true?” she asked.
Pepper folded her arms.  “I don’t want to hear it, Tony,” she said.
It was all familiar.  All comforting.  All
When she finally released him, she touched his face again, then his shoulders, almost as if she was reassuring herself that he was still there, still there and whole. She kept her hand on his arm even as she kissed Tony again, giving him a dazzling smile. “Come inside,” she said. “Everybody’s in here.”
“More than anything,” Steve said, and he could hear the same desperation in his own voice. The same need. The same hot, wild craving. “Tony. Tony, I want you so much. I want all of you. I want to feel you, and taste you. I wanna lay you down and...and--oh god, Tony.”
“And is he?  Rogers?  Is
“Steve?” Tony said, and the look in his eye, kind of anxious and eager, made those thoughts fly out the window.
Tony tossed the shoe he’d found away.  Fuck it.  The other was gone.  Maybe it had went through a worm-hole.  A dimensional gap.  Things like that existed.  He could attest to that first-hand.
“That’s two different questions.”
Tony pressed his mouth against Steve’s shoulder. It didn’t last long, just a heart-stopping, thrilling moment, but Steve felt his head get very clear. It always got clearer when he came here, but this, this crystal-blue, sharp-eyed clarity was new. In it, he knew this was the right decision. Being here with Tony and Morgan. He knew this was real.
Clint laughed. He put his hand on Tony’s shoulder and squeezed it. “I mean he
“No, officer, wait, you don’t understand the situation,” he said, and his mind supplied with giddy hilarity,
It was still raining when Tony woke up. Still raining when he squinted at the clock, saw it was eight-thirty, and laughed--quietly, in deference to super-soldier-hearing. Still raining when he snuggled back into those super-soldier arms and let himself drift again. He didn’t get morning cuddles very often, and he was
By the time they got down to the kissing booth where people would pay to kiss one of the team anywhere except the mouth, the fee getting higher the lower they went on the body--this came from a furiously blushing Jeff, sending Tony and Ray into an utter storm of teenage-style giggles--they finally realized it was now 11:13 pm.
“You can thank your man for that.”
Steve bent and kissed his mouth. He didn’t know how comfortable Morgan would be with seeing them in each other’s arms just yet. He wasn’t sure how much Tony had told her about their relationship, or if it was even a big deal at all. He didn’t want to risk upsetting her, but he needed that kiss. He needed that touch. Just for a second.
“Honestly, I don’t know.  Maybe we could take it out sometime.”
Tony rolled his eyes a little, but it was friendly. “Not right
Instead of answering, Steve reached into his pocket.  The movement disrupted the cat, and Sir Purr leapt lightly down off his lap, threw him a disgruntled look over his shoulder, and sauntered away, tail held high.  Steve watched him go, frowning, then held a hand out to Tony.  There was something in it.  Paper that had once surely been perfect, pristine white, but was now dog-eared and marked with creases.  It looked like it had spent a lot of time in that pocket.  A lot of time in that hand.
Tony touched his cheek, urged him over so he could kiss his lips. “Do you really have to go?” he whispered, stroking his cheek.
“What are you doing?” Thad asked.
He flew them all to Atlantic City for a long weekend.
made him jealous. He didn’t want to be jealous. He didn’t. All of a sudden, he just wanted to drink his beer in peace and then go home. His mom was at work tonight, but he could just go to bed. The same bed. The same bed he and Tony had shared so often.
“You’re infuriating.”
“See you soon.”
“No,” Tony said. “I’m, you know,
Steve finally opened his eyes.  He turned his head, smiling faintly.  “I’m sorry.”
, I need to get out of the pool, so will you turn around, or close your eyes or something so I can get out and put some clothes on?”
He shrugged. Like it meant nothing. Like he wasn’t falling apart. “It’s easy.”
June was quiet.  Tony was glad.
Nat would make sure of it.  And Rhodey.  And Bruce.  They’d make sure he was okay.  Make sure he kept going.  And then someday he’d meet someone else, and they could have a family.  A bunch of little Starks running around.  Tony could have his Brady Bunch Christmases then.  And maybe someday, when Tony was old, and tired, and ready to move on, maybe he’d find Steve again.  Maybe he’d find him on the other side of that barrier.  They’d promised.  Steve wouldn’t begrudge Tony a happy life, because they would be together again if Tony still wanted that.  Steve would wait for him.  Until Tony was ready.  He’d meet him on the path and if Tony was willing, they could go on to whatever lay beyond it together.
“Would you rather I said no?”
“Oh yes, you will,” Tony countered. “We both know you will.”
But he’d never
Tony kissed him with a languid purpose, unhurried but complete, delving into his mouth with his tongue to slide against Steve’s, tempting it into his own mouth.  They kissed a lot.  Every day.  Dozens, sometimes hundreds of times a week.  A brush of lips over morning coffee.  Something sweet and chaste as they passed in the hallway.  A heavy, domineering, almost violent clash of lips and teeth and tongues as Tony straddled Steve’s lap on their bed, Steve pushing up into him, both of them panting, sweating, trying hard to reach their climax together.  But this, this was Tony’s favorite.  This slow, sensual, serpentine dance that was as much solace as seduction.  Breathing each other’s air.  Sharing each other’s space.  Existing together in this world of their own creation where nothing or no one could destroy what they so carefully constructed.
promise me that, smartass,” he said.  “It was hot the first couple times, but if it happens again, people are going to start talking about that Tony Stark and his jailbird lover, and--”
They held each other until Steve’s phone rang again. He groaned and Tony laughed. “What about tonight?” he asked into Steve’s ear. “Fury can’t keep you all night, right?”
“‘Goodnight’?” he muttered incredulously.  “What the hell is
“Okay.”
But that napkin now…
“Morning.”
Howard Stark--yes,
--No, red.  I won’t do that to you.
He didn’t tear the picture up.  He didn’t trash the house or rend his garments.  He just stood up, put on his jacket, found his keys, wallet, and sunglasses, and left the house.
“I’ll find Stark, or at least somebody with eyes on him.”  He looked down at Steve, then at Nat.  “Keep him talking if you can.  I’ll hurry.”
Tony stepped into him and brushed their mouths together very, very softly. “I love you,” he whispered. “Come home to me. Okay?”
“Yeah,” he said. “Here I am.”
“I told you I thought he was charming.”
“I didn’t know what to expect,” she mused. “But I don’t think it was that."
,” he said, putting a stern twist on her name, “said I should come here.”
He didn’t stop. He just turned that blissfully cool handle, opened the door, and walked out of the house.
saying Tony, aren’t you? I’m not...making this-” she grasped his hand tight in hers.
“Then I’d love to be the big spoon.”
“I want to dance with
He nodded. “Yeah.”
“Um,” he began, the sound of his voice, a surprise even to him, “yeah. Sure he will. He’ll change his mind. That’s what grown-ups do, right? They change their-”
“I don’t really know,” he said.   “Some probably did.”
worked. When Steve slid it across the table to him at the end of lunch hour, Tony smiled and told him he liked it. He folded it up carefully and tucked it away in his backpack. The smile went with it, though. Tony looked sad again as soon as it was out of sight, and that made Steve sad again.
“It was the best birthday I ever had.”
Tony shook his head.  “Adorable,” he murmured, and Steve laughed.  He felt better.  Even if the cat--
Goodnight, baby.
Peter held the envelope out to his aunt.  “Look.”
Beside him, Tony could see Bruce sneaking little peeks at the mirror. It was the same way he usually watched a sex-scene during movie night, and Tony couldn’t help but smile a little at it. In his way, he was as shy as Steve. Or, as shy as Steve used to be anyway. He’d gotten a little more bold since Tony had gotten his hands on him. And his mouth. And every other part of his body.
"N-no. But. Tony."
"I don't know," Steve answered.
“Do you think that’s okay?”
to cry.”
He reached over instead and traced a pattern on Steve’s chest.  “Alright,” he agreed.  “No questions asked.”
“Where’d I put my bag?” he asked, glancing around.
Steve ducked his head, feeling a warm blush on his cheek, and the heat from Tony’s hand on his arm. That want was still there. That need. But.
"Fuck you, Stark," Steve said, and rested his cheek on Tony's head.
Tony kept his arms around Steve’s neck, but pulled back to look him in the eye. He was thrilled to see they were back to being clear, soft, and warm. Like limpid pools on a sandy beach somewhere. “Does that mean I’m forgiven?”
“I’ll see you around, Stark.”
need you.”
“I love you so goddamn much, Steve,” Tony said, but Steve didn’t answer.  He was asleep.
eats non-frozen Junior Mints, Steve?!
She sat up , eyes blazing out of her tear-stained face.  “How can you say that?  Of course it matters.  Everything you did.  Everything they
Once again, thanks so much for reading this, and a special thanks to those who left such sweet words and kudos here.  You don't know how much your words of encouragement have meant to me!
Then Tony was gone.  He jerked out of Steve’s hand and blundered a few steps away.  He stood, facing away, his hands on his hips, his head thrown back.  He was the very image of a desperate man trying to regain control.  Steve only heard the harsh, “Anything I want?
They walked hand-in-hand, making their way back to the apartment she shared with Bruce.  They saw a lot of black arm-bands.  A lot of flower-bedecked shrines.  A lot of prayer circles.  Most of the city was shut down.  The food vendors, restaurants, and convenience stores stayed open--the bills still needed to be paid--but most everywhere else was closed.  The Statue of Liberty, the 9/11 Memorial, and a lot of the other NYC sights had discounted their rates for the week.  Wall Street was shut down.  Broadway was dim.  In Times Square, the huge screens played a continual list of names of the returned, and a list of the dead on a loop.  Tony hadn’t seen Vision’s name on that one yet, although, he thought he’d seen Peter’s once on the list of the returned.  At least, he assumed it was their Peter.  There were a lot of Peter Parkers out there, though.  Maybe he wasn’t the only one in Queens.
I obviously don't own "Harry Potter". Just borrowed a few passages.  Thanks, J.K. Rowling!
He hated thinking like that.  Hated thinking he was too vulnerable for Steve and too reckless for Pepper.
“You’re distracting me.”
“I’m so sorry,” Tony whispered almost soundlessly, looking earnestly into Steve’s eyes.
Strange pulled out the chair across from him and sat down.  “Is that what you call it?”
“Sounds like a hell of a place.”
Steve let his tongue touch his lip, and now Tony was absolutely convinced it was on purpose. “I think you’re special too, Tony,” he whispered. “I like you.”
He crossed his legs, pinching the crease of his suit pants expertly to preserve it even while he sat. “Tony’s at the MIT campus right now,” he said.
Then Mick Jagger was strutting his way through “Satisfaction”, and Tony went to work.  Those engines weren’t going to rebuild themselves.
Three flights. Four. Five.
“Well,” Tony began, “actually, he’s not.  I asked him if I could come instead.”
Tony felt as if all the wind had been knocked out of his chest.  He leaned abruptly forward, sagging against Steve’s chest, putting his forehead on his broad shoulder.  He held him, clung to him.  “Don’t say that,” he said.  “It has to be.  We have to
feel better.”
“Nah, it’s okay.  He’s going to read them to her tonight.  Just the two of them.”
A hot, devilish little gleam appeared in Steve’s eye.  With that smile, the look was nearly more than Tony could take.  “Did you wanna punish him, Tony?” he asked darkly.  “Give him a good spanking?”
“Well, then let’s leave this on a bit of happy news, shall we?”
“Please don’t leave.”
“That is just about enough, Thaddeus,” Fury said, standing.  “This meeting is over.  Steve Rogers will never set foot inside that prison, I guarantee you.  I will fight you on this until one of us is dead, but Steve will never--”
Steve nodded. “Okay.” He stooped one last time and gave the box a final nudge into place, then retreated slowly down the aisle. He was acutely aware of people looking at him...but that might have been his imagination. Surely, Mr. Barker didn’t tell everyone in the store that Howard Stark had come to see lowly little Steve Rogers. How could he have? Steve certainly hadn’t heard the intercom system making an announcement. And even if he had, how many people
“Uh-huh.”
“You don’t-” Her eyes snapped to the photo on the wall. The one of a baby Morgan in her red dress. Steve looked at it too. Remembered how upset and hurt he’d been by that picture when it had first caught his eye. How different it seemed now. Almost like an omen of things to come. Like a promise.
“You’ve got your own fish to fry. I know. It’s okay.”
“I know you won’t,” Tony said.  “Just know that the option’s there.  It’s always there.”
as she knew him, it still almost wasn’t enough to catch him.
Steve sighed, still watching his own hands. He didn’t even bother trying to hide. Not with Sam. There was literally no point. Sam had seen him at his worst. At his lowest. He had been there, helped him, taken care of him when he didn’t even allow his mother to see. If there was anyone on this earth that he would trust with the absolute truth, it was Sam.
The guy looked at Steve then shrugged.
the familiar, intoxicating scent of him--the same cheap aftershave.  Tony hadn’t even realized they still made it until he and Steve moved into the cabin and it showed up on Steve’s side of the vanity.  Skin Bracer.  Tony remembered the commercials from his childhood, couldn’t help the way the tag-line sang through his head every time he saw the bottle:  Byyy
“What jet?”
about her just made Tony’s heart even lighter. “I know, Steve. Slow. We’ll go slow. Okay?
“Thank god.”
Here's the last of it.  Sorry it's a little late. I rewrote it 4 times.  Still not sure I'm 100% happy, but I will never be completely happy, so here it is!
“Really?” Steve asked, his heart seeming to glow in his chest.
“Just the Pop Tarts, Tony.”
drinking. There was a baseball game playing on tv, but they had it turned down low while they talked about work, and Nat, and how things were going with Pietro, and now Bucky was giving him a dark look filled with quiet distress.
Steve gestured between them with his index finger. “
“Really?”
Tony twirled his hand. “Wellll?” he prompted, and Steve shook his head, frowning.
“Oh.”
“What point?”
“She sounds like she was a real nice lady.”
Tony nodded without lifting his head...but he was already starting to feel better. “Yeah.”
“Look at her, Nat,” Steve said quietly. “Look at him. Me and Tony could be happy, yeah, maybe, but they already
Sam came to this one. Rhodey. Pepper. Nick Fury. Maria Hill. It had been a quiet couple of weeks. Nobody believed that evil ever took a week or two off, but for some reason, it felt like it. Maybe all the bad guys were busy making plans for later attacks. Or maybe it was just too damn hot. Whatever the reason, it had been pretty calm, and they all thought they could use a celebration.
Steve shrugged, still smiling his shy little smile. “Don’t know,” he said. “I was just thinking...maybe we should think about making that legally binding.”
“Can I take a shower?” Steve asked, as Tony took him through to the bedroom, and helped him slide his jacket off his shoulders. “I’m...I feel…” he sighed, and Tony slipped an arm around his waist, taking some of his weight. Steve leaned against him. “I’m dirty,” he finished, and his hand rose to his face, wiped his eyes. He wasn’t crying, but they were red and raw. He had either been crying, or had been holding tears in for a very long time. Tony rubbed his back in long strokes. Steve didn’t look at him, but he lay his head against Tony’s, taking in the comfort he was offering. “I’m dirty, Tony.”
He stumbled down the stairs and back out to his car, a crappy little Chevelle, and Christ, Tony wanted to get his hands on
Tony smiled. It was a little sad, but Steve was glad to see it. “Next time,” he said.
“She’s fine. Slept mostly.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Steve shrugged.  “With the serum, it won’t take them long to heal.”
is. I don’t want you to carry it alone.”
“Steve.” He was already so close, but when he leaned in, there was no more space between them. No more room for walls. No room for anything but one breath, just a slow intake before Tony pressed his mouth to Steve’s.
“Are you ever going to tell
Steve’s eyes flashed dangerously.  Almost all traces of blue were gone.  Now, in his fury, they were almost black.  “Yeah, that’s it,” he breathed, his voice cracked with malignant rage.  “I know they’ve got all these fancy names for it now--mental defect, mental illness, PTSD, whatever the fuck--but it all comes back to plain old crazy, doesn’t it?”  His breath was coming in short, choppy gasps, his mouth turned down in a bow, his hair, still damp from the shower, glistening in the lamp light.  “I’ve heard you all talking about me,” he spat.  “I should go ‘see someone’, I need to ‘talk to somebody’.”
Tony touched him, keeping his movements small, soothing. Steve had never talked to him about his past before. At least not anything personal like that, and the thought that he would open up to him, even just a little bit, made Tony’s heart pound. “I wish I could have met them,” he said slowly.
“Awesome.”
“It all comes down to the same thing, anyway, doesn’t it?”
He tried the door, sure he had left it unlocked, and the knob turned smoothly in his hand, just like it always had.  “Steve,” he called.  “Where are you, baby?”
“I can’t,” Steve said, and slipped his hands down to Tony’s hips, curling around them and tugging him closer. “I’ve got a...thing.”
, huh?  You’ll let me ask about your business?”
He wondered if
Steve didn’t kiss Strange, but he did shake his hand.  He’d lost his sling, Tony noticed, but the arm was still encased in a cut-down cast,  His face had healed though.  It was unblemished, beautiful, but very pale.  There were lines of weariness around his eyes.  He hadn’t been sleeping again, Tony could see.  All alone in a metal room with no one to put the blankets back on, his nightmares would be profound.  Tony marveled at his strength, his will to keep going no matter what.  Six months in a mental facility.  A year in an underwater isolated prison.  Another three months here.  A lesser man would have cracked by now.
“Really?” Steve asked. “Are you just changing plans or cancelling them?”
“Did you hear me?”
?--eyes. “She’s my ex-wife, Steve.
awake? And Tony needed him to be awake. They had a date afterward.
Nat threw an elbow into his stomach, and he gripped it, moaning theatrically. “Shut up, Barton.”
“For Steve,” he said simply.  “For saving him that day.  And…” he smiled again.  That little half-smile Tony knew so very well.
he’s saying,” Bucky protested.  “We have to try.  We can’t just give up.”
“No, Steve--NO!”
Steve raised his head a little, and the hand moved.  It slipped through his hair to the base of his spine, then back up.  Steve kept his eyes closed, afraid even now, that it wasn't as it seemed.
Steve looked at him from under his lowered lashes.  Tony remembered that look.  It very nearly brought him to his knees.  Just like it always had.
Instead of answering, Steve turned to Wanda.  He took her face in his hands, framing it, and gazed at her for a long time before drawing her close and kissing her cheek.  “I’m glad I got to see you.  I’m sorry you came all this way for nothing.”
“Why do you stay with me?” Tony countered.
“Bed sounds good.”
“Tony,” Steve whispered, and the urgency was back, painting his voice with need.
He was
Tony put his hands on his shoulders. “February fifteenth,” he said again. “That makes yesterday February
The guard’s shoulders dropped slightly.  “Follow me, sir.”
Sir Purr bumped his forehead against Steve’s chin, purring his rusty purr, saying in his own way, “Why, yes, Captain Rogers.  I
“I’m sure you do, dear,” Jen said.  “But your body’s still fifty-five.”
“Yeah. You too.”
“I know.  He’s sweet that way,” she said.  Her voice was husky, wistful.  Bruce had been gone a while now.  No one knew where.
was going to be happening very often, he thought, or the little one would never get any sleep.
He fought his way back from the cold, from that lonely, dark bunker where he and Tony--his friend, his
“Yeah, well, we both know that’s not going to happen.”
“Really?” Steve asked, uncertainty darkening his eyes even more.
“And you thought of me,” she said.  “But I wasn’t your first choice, was I?”
go--and knowing you’d be back--helped.” He looked up at Steve, his voice a little hesitant. “Will you call her in the morning?” he asked. “Let her know you’re home? I think that would help too.”
Steve dragged himself up from sleep one more time.  “No, no, no,” he said, putting one large hand over Tony’s so he couldn’t type.  “Tony, I was kidding.  No more.”
“Fuck. You. Rogers. You’re lying.”
“Yeah.”
Steve tipped his head so that it was now his forehead resting on his knees. Tony could have sworn he saw a smile on his lips, but he didn’t say anything. He didn’t want to make Steve self-conscious enough to stop.
hear.
Steve nodded, and rubbed the back of his neck. He was wearing the same suit he’d worn to Bucky and Nat’s wedding. It still fit him perfectly. He had bought a new tie to go with it, though. He didn’t think the blue was appropriate. Not for this.
Steve didn’t know about that though. He just liked listening to them talk. Especially like they were doing now. This trash-talk about baseball, and who was the greatest player ever. He liked how passionate they were about it. He liked hearing them play off each other. It reminded him a little of how he and Sam were. And how Tony was. With anybody. With everybody.
“Nah. He’s not my type.”
,” he exclaimed, “yeah, that was probably supposed to go to Laura.  I’ll just delete that.”
He stopped talking, a wave of self-disgust rolling over him, his mind screaming,
By the time he got home at nine, his mother had already left for work. He’d called her and told her he was picking up an extra shift, and she had told him she would leave his dinner in the fridge. Told him she would see him in the morning. Told him she loved him. He said he loved her too.
“Wasn’t that Captain America?” Gina asked doubtfully.
Steve let out a measured breath. Bit his lip again. “I-”
“Who?” Strange asked again.
“Oh, no, actually it
He smiled into Tony's skin. "I'm getting better."
“I’ve got you, baby.  I’ll get you there, okay?  Just tell me about the drug.  And the light.”
“What’s the matter?”
If I DO see you, get ready for a bit of a roller-coaster ride...
Tony nodded--he wasn’t. It hurt--and eased himself the rest of the way down into the tub. “Sure I am,” he said, ignoring the pain, knowing he’d bruise, trying as hard as he could to keep that out of his voice. He settled back with his legs dangling over the edge, and turned his head to look at Steve. “Hi.”
That one that negated the other two.
The man had straightened and shook himself visibly. He took his glasses back off and rubbed his eyes before holding out his hand for Steve to shake. “Interesting, Mr. Rogers,” he had said. “Very interesting. I think we’ll be in touch with you soon.”
could…on a trial basis…”
Hunt’s brow contracted.  “When does who come for you?”
They sat in silence for a while.  It had been fifteen minutes forty-five minutes ago, Tony was sure.  Not that he was complaining.  Not with Steve’s heart thumping serenely in his ear, and Steve’s thumb caressing his side, and Steve’s breath in his hair.
Clint cocked his head at Tony. Tony gave him a shove. “Fuck you, Barton,” he said.
“Sweetheart?” Sarah said quietly. “Would you like some privacy?”
“Good.  ‘Cause I wanted you with me.  I always wanted you with me.”
“Yup.  Three gorgeous weeks.”
like shouting.
Tony’s eyes flicked past Steve’s shoulder into the apartment again. Steve caught the look, but he pretended he didn’t. All those various reasons. “Maybe you’re right,” Tony said, then finally took a step back, disappointment flitting across his face. “Well, guess I’ll let you get back to work,” he said.
to know what it was like.”
The muscle in Steve’s jaw began to work as he ground his teeth together. He didn’t want to say anything. He knew if he said anything, he would lose this battle. He would lose, and Howard would win, and then what would happen to him and Tony? What would happen to their future?
“Tony--”
“That’s what I hear.”
It wasn’t the first time this had happened. It had been during one of these times that Pietro had finally gotten fed up and decided to call it quits. Steve had understood. He really had. Thinking back on it, he could see how badly he’d treated Pietro, especially in the weeks leading up to their break-up. Could see how little he’d given him. How short he’d been with him. How he’d spent more time with his mother and Sam or Bucky than with the guy he was supposed to be in love with.
Steve opened his eyes and smiled up at him sleepily.  “Hey,” he said.
Steve looked at him from across the room. He had taken his suit jacket off and tossed it on the foot of the bed. The tie--Sam’s old blue silk one that he had never given back--had gone next. Now he was unbuttoning the cuffs of his dress shirt with jerky movements. He was upset. Tony could see that, but Tony just couldn’t seem to stop his mouth from running. From complaining.
“Maybe. Where is he?”
“I want to buy you something!”
“I don’t want to forget.  It’s good.  If you hadn’t said it, we probably wouldn’t have ended up here.”
Steve blinked his eyes slowly open. The lights were low, but Tony’s eyes were bright where they fell on him. Bright with concern and...something else. Maybe. Possibly. “No,” Steve breathed, and he was still smiling. He couldn’t seem to stop. “It was...I don’t know. Just. Good.” He reached for Tony’s hand and clasped it tight in his own. “Really good.”
was what walking on eggshells felt like.  He’d never felt it before.  It sucked.
“Take your weapon out.  Slowly.”
"Oh no, baby," Tony exhaled, crawling back up his body almost like a lion stalking its prey. "I think I'll take just as much time as I want. We've got all night, right?"
“No.  We don’t.”
She stepped into him and kissed his cheek.  When she pulled back, her eyes were far away.  “Of course, I get that,” she said.  “Sometimes you have to give up on a dream,” her eyes drifted up to the window.  When they settled on it, they cleared.  “Before you can find something real.”
“Yeah,” Steve agreed, “yeah, okay.”
“We went to Midnight Mass.  I remember that.”  He furrowed his brow, thinking.  “Maybe Bucky and his folks came over after?”  He shrugged.  “I guess it doesn’t matter.”
Steve was quiet for a moment, his face lost in thought. Tony bit his lip, waiting. He didn't even dare to fathom a guess as to what Steve would ask of him. He was as enigmatic as the ocean depths sometimes. Even now, as close as they were getting, Tony rarely knew what Steve was thinking. What he might say...
“Save your flattery for someone else.  I’m immune.”
“Mr. Stark.”
“Don’t thank me. I’m just the messenger.”
Steve nodded. “Yeah. I’m here.”
. Here, when he hadn’t been anywhere near here in so fucking long.
a family connection between them. Steve hoped that’s all it was. For Tony’s sake, not his own.
“You are a good man, Captain.”
“Are you going to stand there all night?”
“And what if it’s me who dies?” Tony asked.  “Or Nat?  Or Bruce?  You’re telling me you’d be fine with that?”
Tony scooped Morgan up in his arms. She opened her eyes.
“I knew I had the best kid, too.”
Steve’s jaw clenched, the muscle working.  Distantly, he felt Natasha’s fingers digging into his knee, trying to ground him, trying to hold him back.
Thank you all so much for taking the time to read this story. It has meant a lot to me. Your comments have been the highlight of my days since starting this thing, and I am so glad you were all here with me during the writing of this story. I love you all so much! Thank you, thank you, thank you from the bottom of my heart. I love you all!!
It kind of seems like a lot of bedroom scenes. But, if this goes the way I imagined it, there are going to be a lot of bedroom scenes.
“I meant
. What was I thinking? Christ, Tony, what was I
Tony surged forward and kissed him long and hard. Steve kissed back, but he couldn’t help the way he smiled through the whole thing, keeping it from growing too heated, but making that feeling--that
Tony let out a breath and it was almost a laugh.  “Are all you Brooklyn boys this self-sacrificing?  Or is it just you two?”
Of course, Steve had not
He missed him
More than once, he’d been approached by groups to back their causes.  Steve usually heard them out, asked to see their literature, then respectfully and methodically ripped their principles to shreds.  Tony had seen him do it.  Anti-abortion groups, anti-feminist groups, anti-homosexuality groups (which tickled Tony to no end), had all been turned away by Steve Rogers, and they left intact, but with slightly dazed looks on their faces, as if they couldn’t quite remember what their original intent had been when coming to Captain America for an endorsement.
Rhodey knocked his head against Tony’s, grudgingly and affectionately.  “And don’t you forget it.”
?” she asked. “Are you happy? About this?”
She stood sill, his hands lingering on her shoulders. She looked at Tony and Pepper for a long time, then she turned her head, slowly, deliberately. Steve followed her gaze to where Clint still sat with his wife and their baby. Laura was cradling the child now, and Clint’s arm was thrown over her shoulders, leaning into her, his head resting against hers. Even from this distance, they gave off a clean, simple love.
“I didn’t know you were a flower-man,” Tony said.  “I would have bought out every shop in the city.”
“Malnourished,” she said quietly.  “Sad.  Older.”
Steve nodded solemnly, slowly.  “Yes, please.”
Steve looked at him with dark eyes. "That's the way it feels to me too," he said, then frowned. "But I don't want you to think I'm taking advantage. I don't want you to feel like I'm using you. I'm not, Tony, I-"
“That’s unbelievably hot.  I’m going to think about that again later tonight.”
“My god,” he said, as Natasha strolled toward him.  “You’re a sight for sore eyes.”
Steve shook his head. Tried to smile. “No. He was busy. It’s just me.”
Tony’s hand had still been resting on the gear shift.  Now he took it off and let it hover over Steve’s.  He traced one finger very lightly over Steve’s knuckles, then took it away.  “I’m not sorry.  Are you sorry you stayed?”
He smiled a tiny smile. “Shouldn’t you thank his parents for that?”
Sorry for inundating you all with this thing.  I'm trying to push it all out in the next week or so.  Just a few more chapters, and one final little story, then we're done!
They wandered around, the three of them. Sometimes, Morgan walked between them, holding their hands, sometimes running ahead to stare into the tanks of giant river fish and dwarf caimans. When she did that, Steve and Tony automatically stepped closer together. They didn’t talk much, didn’t really touch, but they spent more time looking at each other than the fish.
“Um,” he said, fidgeting a little with the frayed cuff of his denim jacket. “Um, you know, you really don’t need to do this. It’s okay.” He ducked his head, trying to get away from the watchful look on Tony’s face. “I don’t really need that much help anyway. Sam’s just a...well, kind of a mother-hen sometimes.” He took a couple steps back toward the door. “I’m just gonna go. Thanks, you know, for the offer, but, I’m just-”
Steve looked at him through his lashes. Shy and sweet. “Promise?”
“Would you like to go to the lab?  Mr. Stark is there now with Dr. Banner.”
“On?”
“Come on, Steve,” Tony said.
“I mean, what if you went to Sam and Nat’s, and got all your stuff, and you brought all your stuff here, and, you know, you
Steve shoved Tony out of the way and lashed out at Ross.  The sound of his fist connecting with Ross’ face was both meaty and sharp.  The crunch of his breaking nose was extremely loud.
“You’re being released.”
“I don’t want you to have any regrets.”
His eyes closed and he smiled.  Tony would hate it, but Nat
put it in the cabinet.” He nodded to the corner, and Steve retrieved his old ruck-sack.  He ran a hand over it, seeming to draw strength from it, then he exited the plane.
“Yeah,” Steve said. “I’m good. I’m really good.”
Tony let out a short laugh.  “Sure I am,” he said coolly.  “That’s just some pretty heavy stuff you’re saying.  ‘Till death do us part’ kind of stuff.”
“What did you say?”
He sipped more coffee, his eyes never leaving Steve’s, then put the cup down. “So, where are you headed all dressed up?” he asked, and his hands moved automatically to knot Steve’s tie. He did it slowly. Extra-slow. Because A--he wanted to make sure Steve looked as perfect as possible, and the tie would be like the bow on a gift. And B--because he wanted to touch him for as long as he could. Be as near to him as he could. He met Steve’s eye again, tilting his lips up into an evil little grin. “Or is
“I know. I know. And you're right. You're absolutely right. I should have ignored him. I should have just gotten up and walked away. That was first-impression-Tony-level shit tonight.” Tony uttered a sharp laugh. “I thought I got rid of that guy. Guess he’s still hanging around. Sorry.”
. Here with Tony in the clearing behind the school, and there was nowhere in the world or beyond it that he would rather be.
Listen for those voices.
Tony shifted the car into reverse.  It was a stick-shift.  He loved driving stick, loved the control it afforded him.  “Anywhere?” he asked, backing out of the parking spot.
Relief washed over him, but it was cold comfort.  “I thought about it last night--”
To be fair, Tony was obviously flustered too. He reached out and grasped Steve’s shoulders. “Don’t move,” he said, and Steve nodded gratefully, letting him take over. Tony stepped closer, and slipped his arms around Steve’s shoulders, drawing him in. Steve let himself be drawn, let himself sink--just a little--into his embrace, wrapping himself up in Tony’s arms, in the scent of him, in the warmth of him, the familiarity of him.
He stopped next to the dog, his eyes--crystalline blue, shocked, anxious, hopeful--meeting Tony’s dark browns.
“Yeah. You?”
“Let’s go see if Bruce has Cap under control.”
him...he just wanted to watch
“Do you have
The three of them laughed some more, beer flowing as one or another of them called for another round, while they tried to one-up each other with outlandish money-making schemes.
.  Steve let his hand move up and down Tony’s back, stroking it smoothly. “It’ll be better next time,” he said. “I won’t be so weird. I’ll try and-”
“It isn’t, though,” Steve said, looking at him from the corner of his eye. “You made plans, and reservations and stuff, and went to all this trouble…” He tugged at his hair again, fretfully. “This sucks, Tony. I’m so sorry.”
“Yet formidable.  Like your lady-love.”
do. I need you. I need you, Tony.”
Sam forced the buckle and undid the rest of the closures, then peeled the suit away from Steve’s torso.  Nat clapped a hand to her mouth as a glut of blood, red and dark and thick, gushed from the wound in his side.  His pelvis was twisted and oddly sunken as if someone had picked him up and wrung him like a dish towel.  Sam glanced over to where the gray husk that had once been the Mad Titan laid and realized that was probably exactly what had happened.
“Yeah,” Tony said, turning around.  “I’ve been ‘just friends’ with a lot of people, too.”  He quirked his fingers into little air-quotes, spilling coffee out of his cup and onto the floor.
“No,” she replied. “Daddy let me sleep in his bed with him. It made the dreams stay away.”
“I know.”
“Where the hell have you been?”
“Okay.”
Tony brought Steve’s hand to his mouth and kissed the knuckles.  “That’s why you’re my best guy.”
?” he asked, twisting Tony’s endearment into something ugly.  “You don’t want to pull the trigger?  You like it more hands-on, don’t you?”
Still nothing.
“Or our last.”
They sat trading lazy, soft kisses, murmuring sweet words and promises into each other’s mouths, hands touching, exploring innocently, affectionately.  Time passed.  Time stood still.  Time did not exist.  Not here, not in this place where they were alone together in the almost-darkness.  This place where they both gave and took what they needed.  What they wanted.
Tony slid the last panel away, and plopped down on the couch.  “And after I’m done with Rhodey, I’ve got Sam’s Redwing to look at, and stuff for Nat, and upgrades for Peter.”  He looked up at Bruce, putting every ounce of Stark-charm into his smile.  “Point is, Bruce, I’m good.  I’m here.  I’m working.  I’m healthy...er, thanks to my angel, FRIDAY.”
Steve missed Tony’s call.
“Yes, I would.”
She looked at him with flat worry. He knew she came by it honestly, but he still felt bad that it was there. That he'd put it there. “You can talk to me, honey,” she said, gripping his hand in hers. “You know that, don't you? I want you to talk to me when you need to. Anytime. About anything.”
