"Oh, that's not good." Anük remarked.
“I was trying to draw Rocky!” She proclaimed proudly.
“What do you think about all of this?” At Steve’s question everyone looked up to Tony to hear his reply.
Tony began by having Jarvis infiltrate the security system. The AI had cleared a path of escape for them by releasing a few of the less threatening prisoners on the opposite end of the facility. When most of the agents, officials and guards were occupied, Jarvis manufactured a loop that continued to play Tony and Bucky conversing while, in reality, he lifted the glass panel so Tony could release the soldier.
‘That voice!’
“Do you, by chance, have an ETA on putting together the coding?” She asked ignoring his distress.
Steve turned to Tony quickly utterly concerned.  He had only seen the genius cry once and he could feel that this was a thousand times worse than that.  He placed a hand on Tony’s back as he began to cry harder.
“I’m trying to tell them to wait before they begin infiltration.  To give our team more time, they don’t plan on waiting long however.”  He said dismally.
He slowly turned his head, immensely reluctant to stop viewing the heart monitor, to find Dr. Hank McCoy with a relieved expression on his face, standing in the doorway.  He came all the way in to check the monitors.
Yes, he was deeply flawed. No doubt. But Steve loved him regardless. He loved all of his family past and present and that was the last parting thought to her as he slowly let her go.
He had warred against himself on deciding whether or not to get up that morning.  As he slowly peeled himself out of bed he had decided that he would carry on throughout the day as normal as possible.  At the very least for duty sake if nothing else.  He took a shower and put on fresh clothes.  He looked at himself in the mirror trying to concentrate to suppress his thoughts.  He put his game face on and walked out the door to head to the nearest common room.
A/N: Welcome back my adorable earthlings! I have returned to bring yet another chapter for you all. Did you all watch Endgame yet? Don't worry there are no spoilers here. Don't forget to leave me a review at the end after you're done reading.
Bruce nodded and continued, “These people have normal brain activity, there is no feasible reason they should be in this condition. Since you sent me the information, one more case has popped up in the same exact condition as the others and is currently located at Mercy’s General Hospital in Hoppsville, New Jersey.”
“That’s what I saw on the roof.”  Steve stated in realization.  “What are we dealing with here?”
In which Steve puts it all on the line. Again...
“Listen, I am sure you are aware by now that things are going to get very difficult for you from now on.” Fury started.
“Please, trust me I know you are fully capable of continuing on. Hell, I’m sure you would still out March the commandos any day of the week baby and all.” She smirked. “But you don’t have to. Let me take care of my best gal.” He said with the best winning smile he could muster. “You’re so strong Peg. I doubt I could ever do what you do.” He sighed wistfully.
"You sure, boy? You look awful spooked."
“Well, now that the procedure is over, I’m gonna let you two weirdos have your little moment.” Natasha winked. “I’m going to go check and see how everybody’s doing.”
Tissue anyone?
That imaginary fist in his chest turned into a jagged knife when his opponent pinned him with a glare, a glare that he had been on the receiving end before. So long ago…
Tony nearly swooned at Steve's dilated stormy eyes that now contained a hint of gold.
Angry doesn’t even cover everything Steve was feeling.
But Steve couldn’t help to worry about his team. If they were in danger, it was because he brought the bot right to them. The Captain needed to go back down there to protect them.
The kicker? It definitely came from within the room, the sealed Super Duper meeting room, where there had only been eight individuals for the last four hours. Now there are nine.
“Uh, I simply gave Fury a piece of my mind. He sent you guys in there ill prepared. It is his job to know the details of a mission and he couldn’t even do that right.”
“What is it Tony?” Steve managed to croak out through his tense muscles.
“You read through the journal, Tony. Did you forget? You know the kind of horrors that man has been through. Why do you think they had to go through such disturbing, atrocious and extensive lengths to take control of him and maintain control of him?” She demanded as her voice went deadly low.
He had intended to write everything that he learned that day about the mystery man into this journal. He had tried his damnedest to not think about everything that had happened the last two days. It was a tad easier when he had Ellie to focus on all day, but now she was asleep and he was alone.
"From within." Jarvis replied.
Tony nodded. In that moment, the absurd conversation had finally caught up to our poor genius.
He pinched the bridge of his nose in misery and quickly dried off and slipped into his sweats.
Steve said nothing. What could he say? What’s done is done. That still did not stop trepidation from washing over him like a tidal wave. He knew Tony was just getting started.
"Listen," He began, getting the man's attention. "I get the feeling that we know each other-"
Tony growled in frustration.
“Yeah.” He said.
She sighed in resignation. "It matters not. The outcome remains the same." She declared offhandedly looking back to the sun that has properly risen by this point.
That shot Tony's attention straight to the mother. She must have been behind it. She continued to make that God-awful wailing sound. What used to be random indiscernible wails now sounded like mocking laughter. He continued to watch her for a time while simultaneously attacking the hatchlings. He idly wondered how pissed off she was.
“You couldn’t get here sooner?” He said with a smirk.
He was referring back to the incident where Tony had, in fact, fallen asleep standing up. And where, of course, Barnes took pictures and sent it to everybody. It was inadvertently the incident that began their burn war.
And then the genius was gone.
"Jesus fucking Christ!" Steve exclaimed, standing abruptly.
"Well, I couldn't make it too easy for you. No one would have learned anything otherwise."
"Don't worry, Cap, I've got you covered." Tony handed him a couple of devices. "Energy shields." He said at the Captains questioning look.
“Her!” Bucky confirmed.
He looked about the large meeting room for a moment as the Professor was en route towards the head of the meeting table.
“Steve!?” Peggy called out suddenly. “Are you there?”
'It's not too late…'
They had taken mirth in her death. Then they left. They just left her there to rot. They did not need to kill her; her death was meaningless, senseless. Her soul was gone, already disbursed back into the universal ether.
'No! This isn't real.'
Yep, easy as pie…
Bucky suddenly sucked in a jagged breath. He began tearing up a little. “It’s receding.” He whispered.
“Yes sir!”
This was it. His last lifeline. He could not even think of a proper counter bargain.
It was about an hour ago that he had connected the odd feeling he had gotten earlier while staring at the moon to the feeling he had gotten listening to that particular heart monitor. There was something all too familiar about this situation that it was completely unnerving.
"Yeah, for today." Steve smiled.
“You know, I loved him too, he was my best friend.” He murmured, his throat tight with emotion.
“Then so be it.” Steve stated calmly, his voice resolute.
As Ellie got back into drawing Rocky, Steve thought about what he dreamt. Now that he was really thinking about it he did dream of something. The longer he thought the more of the dream came back to him. When he got a clearer picture in his head he couldn’t help but chuckle at the absurdity of it.
“We let the others take over.” Steve replied.
“How can I if it means she gets to keep you!? You don’t know exactly what she means by that! She may make you her slave! Or worse!”
"What happened?" He asked with remorse and urgency. "It was so beautiful before…"
(See the end of the chapter for
“She didn’t say, but I’m assuming it’s because the code is so fucking massive and we don’t have the right key to read it.” Tony explained with disdain. “Jarvis, pause music.” He commanded suddenly, stopping in the middle of ‘Come Out and Play’ by the Offspring.
“On it!” Tony was on his phone working with Jarvis.
Tony chuckled and shouted 28 to 23 over his shoulder. Out of his peripherals he could see Barnes flipping him off.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
“Shh, Babydoll, Mommy’s asleep. Why don’t you tell me all about it while you help me make breakfast for Mommy?”
Barnes merely rose an eyebrow.
Bucky nodded slightly to indicate he heard him.
Tony should have known better than to get in so deep. Fuck! So stupid! Please, let’s add that to the list also.
First off, your bastard friend, Barnes, thinks you're a rotten punk but he's gonna make you proud anyway because he's 'With you to the end of the line and passed that.' He said you'd know what that means.
He licked his dry lips in utter concentration. He soldered piece after piece without pause. His fingertips were now covered in burns and small cuts. He ignored them. He didn't even stop when a doom bot attack glanced off his face. The gash on his cheek bled heavily but he didn't stop.
“What the fuck is a prickly pear lemonade and why are you ordering it?”  Tony questioned the look on his face becoming more intense.
How about that?
Steve remained ever patient, watching him intently.
"Spread 'em." Tony commanded nudging Steve's knees apart.
"She's the warrior Princess looking one that is likely lying somewhere around Ellie's bed." Steve clarified.
Tony glared at him.
Then all of a sudden Steve heard another’s voice in his head asking him why the scene was so important to him yet somehow already knowing the answer.  He looked over that at the Professor and smiled.   He thought to himself, ‘Perhaps it is because I have been thinking about those horrible ‘what ifs’ as of late.  What if aliens didn’t know about us?  What if this case never happened?  What if I never became an Avenger?  What if I was never found?  What if I was never frozen?  What if I wasn’t late for that dance?  What if…?’ Then he heard Xavier in his head again;
“You mean…?” He cannot finish his statement.
“Okay, fine.”
“I will go again and gather everything our scholars have on the state of affairs of the planet’s before the Calamity. Hopefully with an obscene amount of luck we have something useful.”
“Tony, is this really happening? Can this really be over soon?” Natasha asked, almost pleading.
“Yeah, I see you didn’t shove it up your ass like I told you to.” The soldier stated flatly.
Steve watched as she cradled the doll to her protectively. He smiled to himself as he pulled Ellie into Francesca's with him. He went up to the register upon locating it.
“NO!!”  Johnny wailed.  “Sue!  Sue!  Wake up, wake up!”  He cried desperately, clutching her prone body in his arms.
"Somebody's got it take that fucker out." Tony groaned intending to get back to the code. If he could only take control of the army of doom bots, maybe they could win this.
(See the end of the chapter for
Chapter Forty-Two: Say Goodbye
The Hulk shot out like a rocket behind Steve and joined the fray with complete relishment.
They made it safely to the restaurant without any further incident.  They had landed in the back alley to be careful not to be spotted readily.
The tiny figure bowed at him.
“I see, you must have been drunk and tired while buying this thirteen inch vibrator. Why is it red, white and blue, I wonder.” Bucky pondered, maintaining his false innocence.
Steve barely heard her as he watched Ellie salivate over the ice cream. He smirked as she looked up at him with a pleading expression, begging to dig in.
“Of course, it was you, dumbass! You were fucking the Kettle behind his back!” Bucky bellowed in revelation.
“Sorry, it’s just me kid. Don’t worry I’ll get you out but you have to do everything I tell you okay? You can’t complain or talk back, I’m a Captain remember!” He ordered firmly with a hint of a smile.
“What is it?” Bucky asked through the comms.
Tony flinched. Okay, Steve winced, that was a low blow.
Peggy sat him at the dining room table with the chair facing out as she dropped a cool damp cloth over his neck.
"What happened?" He asked apprehensively.
It couldn't be…
Not to mention they’ve had a huge setback with Barnes. No, his injuries were feeling fine and have almost completely disappeared. The problem was his fragile mental state.
She nodded solemnly.
He walked slowly down the path leading to the house thinking over his thoughts in hopes of triggering a memory. He looked up at the moon almost transfixed. It's round glowing form reminded him of something, something important. He got the oddest sensation, like the moon had a heartbeat...
“That would have never worked!” The genius bellowed. “They would have never released him to us because they were experimenting on him.”
He still couldn’t understand why people just didn’t take his word for it, that he still had to explain the process of how he got there.  Why couldn’t people just take his word for it and move on?
Just as Tony had been heavily involved in the removal of Hydra’s hardware he was also going to be overseeing the installation of his own hardware. With the aid of Dr. Davidson and a Dr. Cho from SHIELD, his multitude of notes derived from his consultation with leading neurosurgeon in the world, Dr. Stephen Strange, and a medical precision robot he had quickly whipped together for this purpose, he was ready to get this show on the road.
A/N: Hi Everyone! I’ve decided to update today being Steve’s Birthday and all.
“I believe in this case insufferable is a total understatement.” Clint corrected from the door way.
“Crazy! Crazy she is! Not to mention THIS!” He screamed as he pointed to his forehead. No bandage, no wound.
"Yep, should be the two rolls, right?" Steve inquired in verification.
“Mr. Stark has disabled your override code over the house arrest.  It is invalid.  Do you wish to override lock down protocol?”
“As it would seem sir.” Jarvis’s voice affirmed out of seemingly everywhere? Of course Tony had infiltrated Shields mainframe again…
Tony shook his head, desperately trying to cling on to the denial. Trying to reject the reality of responsibility.
As he continued to write all of these thoughts in his Journal he had suddenly felt that strange presence again. He turned around quickly to find the strange man standing there!
Bucky ignored him and continued on, “Or, agreeing to go through the serum infusion procedure.”
So much for hope and relief.
“Ah, never mind, just a little side job, anyway I am so happy that I haven’t missed the main event!” She gushed happily.
He nodded.
She flinched at his tone unable to move, his deep voice freezing her in place.
White flag.
Steve knew it was coming but every word felt like a punch in the gut, like his gut needed any more abuse.
Now they stood side-by-side, Ellie on a chair of course, washing dishes together. Peggy had already left by that point, having already kissed her two flutter mice goodbye and headed out to continue working on the baby shower for Nancy. While they worked on washing dishes, Ellie hummed a nursery rhyme and Steve, ever the masochist, ruminated over his dream.
“No! Shut up, I don’t want to hear it! I don’t want to see it! I don’t want to be a part of it! Just don’t.” Tony put his hands up in an attempt to block the insurgence of mental images. Where the hell was his thirty-foot pole when he needed it? He knew they had a special relationship in the past, way in the past. He really, really did not want to know if they had resumed that special relationship.
He could not fail them. He would not let them die the way he let Bucky die. He mustered all the strength he could, focusing his mind until it seemed like time froze. He pulled everything he had into his legs and broke out of the swarm gunning for the kids.
Right, it kept him from dying. Kept who from dying? And how?
“Come, sit next to me. Relax my love.” She told him as she set his shield aside.
After Tony threw the final chair against the wall, he slipped down the opposite wall and put his head in his hands and began to weep.  Steve gingerly approached him and just sat down next to him.  The super soldier just sat and watched as his friend and teammate cried like he never has before.  To be honest Steve doesn’t think he had actually ever seen Tony cry in all the time that he has known him.  He almost had an overwhelming urge to cry along with him but knew he had to be the rock in this situation.  As he started to contemplate this particular situation more thoroughly he had registered big brown eyes staring up at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve was beginning to worry, like usual. They barely won against Loki last time. The terrestrial villains on earth never could compare up to Loki's power. Loki, an alien, set that bar and no human or mutant has ever been able to surpass it since.
“Fuck, okay fine! I’ll go.” He scowled. “But I don’t like it one bit. In order for her to take you you need to feel more pain right? I don’t want you to be alone for that.”
Steve hadn’t thought of that perspective before. Now things are truly starting to make sense. The Asgardian King’s reluctance to help, Despite Asgard being protectors, if they draw too much attention to themselves Calamity could choose them next. The King, knowing his own son, is aware that Thor would wage a war for Jane who is currently doomed to Calamity’s whim.
"Was that truly necessary?" He asked gravely.
You mustn't dwell too hard on the what-ifs. There has been much in your life that had been taken from you. And though it is healthy to remember them and give them the respect in time to mourn the loss, you should not dwell and yearn for them. True, it's easier said than done and there have been many times when I, myself, have dwelled and yearned for the past.
“The twins’s presence is invaluable, we have so few people left to fight. And I’m- I’m not Steve. I can’t lead these people, not like he can. As made excruciatingly apparent the other day, Calamity isn’t the only threat out there. We need someone who can really lead us.” He stressed in a whisper.
The next time Steve and I are in an intimate position do not interrupt us for any reason!
A hopeful flame was lit anew. He had to figure this out. He reread the letter with renewed vigor in hopes of finding out what happened. He scoffed at Steve’s hopeful encouraging words at the end. He filed those away for later, instead focus on the fact that he desperately needed answers. He began pacing maniacally trying to find a solution.
Steve flinched as Tony’s voice rang out.
Tony had never been so happy to hear his AI in all his life. He was now fully in control of his suit again. When the scarlet aura lifted Tony quickly canceled the self-destruct sequence.
“Get cleaned up and rested up, after that take care of Banner.” She nodded and left.
Huh, three hours?  Steve could have sworn it had only been minutes…  He turned his attention back to the monitor.
“Tony?  Do you have the final count for today?”  The Captain asked his voice low.
She began to trace patterns upon Fury’s smooth cranium.
Her large belly and the ring on her finger was truly a sight to behold. She was his wife and she carried his child. And then there was Eleanor. By God that child was beautiful.
“You’re going to change memories with this?” Steve asked hoping for some clarification.
His eyebrows rose. He wasn’t even sure he dreamt of anything at all. All he knew was that it wasn’t a nightmare.
"Count me in." Peter said.
Then the Captain’s heightened senses which were dialed up further than they had ever been before finally picked up on it. He desperately tried to suppress his erratic breathing to give his enhanced hearing a chance to hone in on the sound he’d recognize anywhere. A sound that at one time used to bring other relief during such tumultuous and dire circumstances. Only now inspires uneasy trepidation. He could hear the pulsing sound of the repulser technology of Stark Industries flight stabilizers.
On the Other Side~
Woot! this story is finally almost done. I cannot wait!
“Of course, Babydoll, I did promise didn’t I?” He answered as he kissed her cheek.
He stared at the heart monitor as it continued to beep that constant rhythm. Beep…beep…beep… His heart… A heart… It was a heart! The blue light was a heart.
Over and over.
Tony flinched as he watched Barnes barely manage to dodge the bots' assault.
“Alright, unwrap those bandages and let’s take a look.” Tony instructed, taking the case from Dumm-E.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mother fucking Von Doom again.
“What’s gonna happen now?” Kevin asked with a hiccup.
He tore open the box and three items dropped out. Steve’s sketchbook he recognized instantly, an envelope addressed to him and the team, and a red leather Journal he had never seen before. He thumbed through some of the pages of the journal and realized with a start what the heinous object in his hands really was. He dropped it like it had burned him and it landed on a page that described an explicit detail one of many horrific procedures designed to instill absolute obedience into the asset.
"Man of Iron!" Thor's loud voice boomed over the coms. "Lady Widow has given me a communications unit."
"AVENGERS!"
Great.
“Sir, Dr. Banner has finished his analysis of the cases and is now approaching the lab.”
The Captain took a moment to take in the man's visage, recognizing the same messy dark hair and stylized beard. He noted that he wore those odd sunglasses and was also startled to perceive a faint glowing blue object in the middle of the man's chest. What was that?
Crap, no wonder they couldn’t get a foothold. Storm would change the air but whatever this source was would just produce the electro-magnetic waves in such a way that it undid her work.
Fury flashed in Tony’s eyes as he pushed Barton away.
“And Tony, bring that drive with you. We are going to decide together what to do with it.” Tony only nodded, not even putting up a fight.
It’s bad enough that Steve already feels vastly inadequate, that if only he had more useful abilities, things would not have gotten so out of hand as it did.  But now he had been barred from participating in any and all incoming missions, completely banned from active duty.  That, to him, was a revoltingly low blow.
“Damn it!”
Steve barely nodded. His hands still plastered to his mouth.
“That’s what she said.” Clint muttered from his place on the workbench. Only after hearing the resounding slap against the back of Barton’s head, courtesy of Natasha, did Tony continue.
“Well, we were betting on whether or not you and Tony were secretly dating and how far you guys were in your relationship.” She stated matter of factly.
Steve stared at him lost.
Agent Hill and Fury were hoping something extreme wouldn’t happen like in New York. If the douch bag council butted in again it could only end horribly.
However, that also meant that they were that much more closer to oblivion. Will this nightmare ever end?
“Okay, I’ll stop fucking around… for now.” The soldier muttered as he went back to browsing about Amazon. The genius huffed to himself knowing that this was likely far from over.
“Activating!  Standby for launch.”
Without any further ado, on with the show!
Steven Grant Rogers
Steve’s eyes widened at his admission. The significance of that statement transcended time itself.
Tony…
The genius received many stares of awe and disbelief.
“Language!” Steve snapped without thinking, a very old habit suddenly emerging.
Before Tony could look any further the alcohol had consumed him and he had passed out. Now he sat by himself regretting his entire existence.
A/N: I was actually working on this for nearly a month and a half, but it grew way out of control and again I had to break it in half. Sorry for the long wait, life is a hoe. The next chapter finally hits one of my major key points, only a few more to go after that.
Yeah there was a time in his life when he was a chronic playboy but never ever has he cheated!
"…Uh."
Steve nodded.
Tony groaned miserably.
Don't forget to leave me a review and let me know what you think.
Suddenly the scene changed again and they were now standing in the middle of a desolate wasteland. There was not a lick of gorgeous color anywhere. It was all grey. The dirt, the sky, it was all grey and devoid of life and color. It seemed like he was standing on the edge of the world, looking down into a deep ravine where it seemed like the planet itself was cracked in half. He was about to ask where they were but when he looked up at the sky and saw the three moons, broken but there, he knew exactly where they were.
“You came.” Steve was finally able to look upon Ironman, his vision clearing.
End Chapter 23
“Sorry.”  He replied solemnly as he truly looked like a kicked puppy.
Clint was thinking of a different method entirely.
"Perhaps." She replied simply as she delicately ran a single finger down the side of Steve's bruised face.
"Well, you just put the milk in the cupboard and the cornmeal in the refrigerator." She pointed out matter-of-factly.
Peggy laughed. “Yeah, I’m still having trouble believing it and I’ve known about the engagement for a few months now.”
Meanwhile…
The genius took a deep breath and sighed heavily.
At this point over 70 people up and down the east coast have fallen into a coma with the exact same strange symptoms. However, there is no visible pattern. One person would drop in Main and then the next would be in Georgia then Florida and Virginia. Different locations hundreds of miles away.
"I couldn't just stay there knowing Tony was out there somewhere in pain and in need."
The nearest post office was an hour away from their location on foot. They weaved through the back streets avoiding heavy traffic areas. All it would take was one surveillance video, one cell phone to capture their image and Tony and Shield would instantly know where they were. They were dressed inconspicuously and Wanda had the capacity to alter perception to an extent. But she couldn’t alter technology, however. Pietro was good at spotting cameras and quickly altering their viewpoint before they could capture the rest of the group on film. Steve knew once he hit the post office he would not be able to hide from all of the surveillance considering it was a federal building but he had to send the package right to ensure it got to the tower properly. It was a risk worth taking.
“And what would have happened if you got sucked in with me!?”
“It was spectacular beyond imagination. I admit I’ve been itching to paint it, but I seriously don’t have the time.” Steve replied looking stricken.
"You did that?! You manipulated my friends into treating me that way!?" He demanded in a rage.
“Professor said he was awake?”  Jean stated as she stood next to Hank.
Then he felt a warm hand on his chest.
He could vaguely hear the alarms and screams in the background.  To him they were significantly muted, however.  There was a large part of him that needed to cry but was completely unable to. He felt numb, vastly unable to process everything that has happened, that was happening.
(Seriously, if you have a question, now is the time to ask.)
Steve’s heart nearly bursts out of his chest at the sound of Tony’s voice. He then flushed head to toe once his brain caught up and realized what Tony was talking about.
“FROM WHAT!?”  He snapped furiously, unable to control his unstable emotions.  “What are they protected me from?!  No one will tell me!”
He did not really know why he was still here humoring this guy and showing him something deeply personal no less. He got what he came for… Yet… In the end, Steve risked everything for this man. He matters.
“Yeah,” he swallowed back his pride. This was for Bucky. “I wanted to apologize.” He did at first after all.
While Steve was sizing up the rolls, Elaine, at least he assumed the lady was Elaine, was asking Ellie about her new doll. Steve smiled to himself as he listened to Ellie gush about it.
Suddenly a pressure bomb went off next to him. It blew them several hundred feet off their trajectory. It also separated Tony from Bucky.
"It is indeed." She replied solemnly.
to stop. Desperately begging and pleading to let me die instead. I watched myself murder innocent people. Watched the light leave their eyes by my own hand. Because I was not in control, someone else was. But I was there and there is absolutely nothing I can do to stop him or myself. Nothing. I was absolutely powerless. Is not something I can easily describe or have someone understand.”
“Tony!” Steve cut in. “It’s fine.”
“He’s my friend.” ‘The man I love.’ He responded.
Steve was sure that his fractured arm was broken now. He wasn’t sure how he was going to get out of this one. All he knew was that he had to get away from this thing and fast.
“The position you’re in now that you have all the tools to stop Calamity. I personally would rather go through all the hell that I’ve been through my entire life, than be where you are right now.” Bucky replied remorsefully, his face scrunched up in misery.
Steve navigated the piles of rubble with light and fast agility, he took out doom bots and fuzz buzz left and right with as little effort as it would to take out a cardboard box.
“Mr. Stark if you’ll hand the reins over to Natasha and Clint on this matter that would be swell.  I would rather have you focusing on helping the victims as they are now.”  Fury commanded knowing full well that
“On my way!”
This was so messed up upon so many levels.
The genius swallowed thickly and nodded slowly in acknowledgment but said nothing.
Tony watched the final exchange from the elevator. He had activated the alarm just after regaining access to the system to hopefully give Barnes an opening. They needed to get going ASAP. Jarvis was right, however, the Rafts hacker was incredibly talented and Tony knew he couldn’t remain in the system for long.
"No, this is merely the remanence of the world I created." She said. "All you see now is the influence of my power, nothing more."
Tony had also recruited Spider-Man much to Steve’s dismay. The Captain frowned deeply when he heard what Tony had done to convince Peter to join. Though he can’t deny that their web-slinging friend had been a big help on numerous occasions, Steve was immensely uncomfortable with how young Peter is. Regardless the kid made his choice.
“Send me back!” He rasped out violently the best he could through his torn voice.
No one except…
“Good, then you know they’re working.” Tony replied before deliberately making an absurd face at a camera then winking at Wanda.
Maybe?
“What did Thor say about this?” She asked with trepidation.
“I highly doubt I’d be able to even sleep a wink tonight.”  Steve stated realizing the time of night it was.
“Yeah? Then I hear you crash a plane into the Arctic? Only to miraculously survive and end up seventy years out of time. That one was pretty stupid Steve.” Bucky pointed out sharply.
Unfortunately the pulse stopped. Steve realized with horror as they still had a few feet to go. He clutched the children closer to his body and bulldozed his way through, hunching over as he ran using his head, shoulders and arms as a shield. In moments they finally broke through to the other side.
Growing up, he had been told time and time again that he had so little of it, that each and every day could be his last. Peggy, Ellie and his unborn child are so much more important than that. Suddenly, it hit him just how awful his “condition” was. The fact he couldn’t remember so much of his life, it’s like all that had been taken from him. He felt anger begin to boil just thinking of his dismal situation.
After taking a moment to gather himself, Bucky continued. “He blames himself for what happened to me. The idiot.”
Her soft smile twisted into a wicked and feral grin.  “I did it to keep you guessing.  Your archer was quite right in assuming that I wanted it to rile you up.  But you, my love, managed to quell the hysteria up before it could even start.  You ruined my fun.”  She admitted with a pout.
When he first had woken up in this time he didn’t really get a chance to fully understand where he was before Peggy pulled him into the house and explain what was happening to him. He took his time to really appreciate what he had for a time before loading his Princess up into the car and driving off.
to say he was nervous was an understatement. The moment he walked through the doors it felt like world was watching him. Mercifully being so early in the morning it was most empty save for the staff and early birds taking care of business.
“Listen, I’ve had JARVIS running a background check on all of the ‘victims’. He is searching for whatever could possibly link any of these people together. So far we have zilch.” The genius looked up expectantly at the Captain in anticipation of a calm reply.
‘Come on I can do this!’
Eventually the only thing I could think was why?
"It's nothing Ellie, come on, let's just try to eat whatever we can of this beautiful dinner here." He smiled lifting the plates in his hand.
“No…  No…  Please tell me you didn’t…”  Steve pleaded.
Why couldn’t he remember? It felt like it was just right there.
“Okay.” Tony replied simply. He waited a few more minutes before continuing. “Are you okay to continue?”
“But out of it Barnes!” He shouted rolling his eyes. “It was all just a really ridiculous stupid misunderstanding.” He finally answered.
“You drugged Jane and Darcy. You knocked Scott and Colson unconscious and blew up my tower. Not to mention the state I found Natasha in.” He began yelling halfway through. “And you have nothing to say!?”
Maria knew some of it and kept her face stone like. She was about to ask Tony if he wanted her to take over but Tony continued,
I spent years more on that ruined planet alone thinking about everything I had experienced.
“No! I have to fin-“ He cut off as Natasha rammed her fist into the side of his head, he promptly passed out.
“No!  It’s not like that!”  Tony shouted.  “I…  I can’t tell you, there’s nothing you could do anyway.”  He added slightly calmer.
“Hmm.” Steve frowned.
“Oh God, you’ve got the shittiest luck ever!” He guffawed.
“Well hey, you are supposed to be the genius here right,” he then pointed at Hank, “the both of you right?  Why don’t you two figure out how to kill this thing?”  Clint was well and truly freaking out now.
"Oh, I understand." Ellie frowned.
He was really terrible at this kind of thing.
“Definitely.” Steve replied with a smirk matching Bucky’s as he slapped his friend on the back. “You coming?”
“Then why does it feel like everyone is suddenly against me?”  Steve snapped.  “I know you all are keeping something from me.  Why?!  Do you think I am too weak to take it?”
“Unfortunately I cannot tell you, it would be like giving away the ending to a long and wonderful story.” She replied wistfully.
“If that is what you desire, I could put you into a sleep like the others. However, as I said before, I have something extra special planned for you. Yet, I would not begrudge you your right to choose.”
“Oh, I almost forgot!” He pulled out a small batch of tea cookies and set it before them.
"Love," she spoke softly. "It is now time to complete our bargain."
“Yes, my love, that time is nearly upon us. Go now, find your brother while you still can.”
“Oh I don’t know,” He started sarcastically. “How about checking to see if you were working on a way to fix this whole mess or if you were wallowing in self misery! Because people are freaking out out there and you’re in here… What? Getting plastered?!” He shouted kicking the empty scotch bottle across the room. Tony winced at his tone not expecting claim to be so harsh.
"Don't tell me all of this was for nothing! You didn't bargain… us?"
‘Okay, Tony. Focus!’ He commanded himself. ‘Everybody is alive and well, even Steve somehow. But they won’t be if you don’t stop those bots.’
“Ha, yeah a bit. But in all fairness, though, I’d do the same.”
Tony swallowed back bile and fear. He had to move, he had to get back to the laptop. He stared down at his suit in dismay. If he took off his armor now, he would be laughably exposed. Despite the almost knifing he got from the bunny, his armor had protected him as it should.
“He is known as the Winter Soldier.  He is credited with over two dozen assassinations in the last 50 years.”  Their eyes widened significantly.
“Oh?  Is that all you are going to say on the subject?  You know if you don’t give us details we are just going to assume all the good stuff that must’ve happened.”  Clint winked at him.
It was only a matter of time before I had a name for these awful things that plagued the various races of the universe. Malice, apathy, hatred and evil.
"I broke out." He said as he wiped his face. His voice was laced with all the undulating emotions he was feeling up to this point.
Then suddenly, mid-stroke, he paused and frowned, feeling an odd presence. He looked up to find the man standing right over him apparently observing his progress.
He slowly tidied up his studio before retiring to his room.  His dismal thoughts weaved around the ‘what ifs’ and ‘what could have beens’ before falling into a mercifully dreamless sleep.
“Here.”  She freeze framed a part of the video they have of the whole crazy ordeal.  “This is the only shot we have of him.”
“Let me help.” Wanda was by his side gently lifting his shirt.
“It’s okay Tony, if you recall when we first met you weren’t all that fond of me. Certainly not enough to care”
"That's not what I think it is, is it?" He asked, his voice was tight with fear.
Bucky turned to him swiftly.
“Because he’s an impulsive nutcase.” Bucky piped up with a pained smirk.
"Good, the mission went smoothly. I haven't had an episode since… You know." He used his left hand to gesture nonchalantly.
Tony wanted to punch the guy in the face. Really, who does he think he is? Scaring the shit out of Tony (almost literally) and making him spill his coffee no less. But then Tony saw the spark of fear that flashed over the eyes of the soldier and Tony remembered exactly who he was dealing with and that he should very much proceed with caution, so the genius sighed then decidedly punched him in the arm instead.
As Tony looked up into Steve's laughing eyes, he knew things weren't going to be anywhere near perfect. They had a lot of things they needed to work on, to fix. But for the first time in perhaps his whole life, he could see the possibility of a truly bright and happy future. And when Steve pulled him close again and to kiss him so tenderly and with such reverence, Tony realized with disdain and mortification that he had completely forgotten that he was supposed to design his armor with more crotch room… again.
He began to meander through out the halls, mostly lost in thought. He wondered where his relationship with Tony would be right now if he hadn’t been chosen as the keystone, if he didn’t have but days left to live. Would they… Could they really have been together?
"Well you could have fucking fooled me!" Clint roared.
"You hear that, crew? It's not over yet, get your asses back into high gear, it's rabbit hunting time." He commanded then nodded at Tony before he ran off.
Steve didn’t know whether or not to be angry that they were gambling on his personal life or utterly relieved that they were so nonchalant about the fact that he and Tony could very well be in a homosexual relationship.
“But not Steve!” Tony shouted, his deep-seated turmoil rising to the surface. “But not Steve…” He whispered in despair.
A/N: Finally! What’s going to happen next? Steve is starting to remember and Tony had kept his promise after all. What’s going to happen with Steve, Peggy and Ellie when he starts to really remember everything? What is Tony really thinking by breaking Bucky out of prison? Will Tony finally be able to break the code? What role will Bucky play in all of this? What about the twins? We will find out all of this and more in the chapters to come. So stay tuned. ;)
“We have a completely alternate OS whose primary purpose is detecting any altercation, invasion, or tamperment. It has detected and kept a full record of the last thirty six times Stark hacked in to our secure main frame and servers.”   Natasha answered shifting her sight on Tony.
His friends? Suddenly, he felt something crack and then there they were, crystal clear in his mind. Nat, Clint, Bruce, Thor, Maria and Fury too. And of course, Tony. He remembered them all!
He has apologies to make and a code to break. He needs to right some wrongs at least the best he could and prepare his team for the next threat.
One of their tails, a very versatile minisub, was closing in on Bucky’s prone form. It extended a claw intending to nab him. Iron Man quickly closed the gap but another pressure bomb went off knocking him back more. Another sub unit had caught up with them. The claw clasped around Bucky’s left leg and started to pull him in. Tony tried again to reach the soldier as he was becoming more and more concerned as Barnes’ vitals kept spiking.
“We assume that if Tony cracks the code it will allow him to create a device that will wake everyone up or stop her somehow. We don’t know for sure. All we know is that the way to stop her is in the code.” He explained. “The catch is there is a .5% chance the absolute right conditions could be met. And…” He hesitated for the next part.
'But wasn't it?' His heart screamed.
Darcy and Scott Lang were utterly confused but shakingly complied quick enough.  Thor held Jane close as he ushered her away, she shook her head sadly.  Rhodey and Sam lingered for a moment wholly troubled before continuing on after Xavier’s gentle probing.  Ben trudged out slowly waiting for Johnny who had also lingered for a time.
Steve stopped believing that his dreams where merely an over active imagination days ago. He knew that somehow, he did not know how, that parts of his dreams were memories. This man and this armor exists somewhere. He chalked it up to some sort of secret mission he may have been on. After everything he saw that Hydra was capable of, it really didn't seem so far-fetched.
"Yeah, I guess not all of them can be an awesome flying suit of armor, huh?" She said brightly.
“Yes, I do.”
You try so hard to make the world a better place. You’ve made my world a better place. I wish things could have turned out differently for us. Maybe we were never meant to be. For what it’s worth I’ve enjoyed having you in my life. I cherish all the time we spent together and mourn the fact we couldn’t have more. I feel honored to have gotten to truly know you in ways nobody ever could. I only hope that I’ve managed to impact your life in a profound meaningful way also. I really did want to spend the rest of my life with you, Tony. I’m sorry we couldn’t have that.
“I thought for sure you’d be next.” He finished.
Everybody stiffened in slight embarrassment at Jarvis’s sudden explanation. Wanda even went a little scarlet.
“Borderline.” Wanda replied.
"And all those other forms, they were from the people of the other planets you've been to."
“See here, he looked away for a moment before continuing on with the group. And… 66, 67, 68, 69 Bam he hits the floor.” They all watched in fascination, at exactly 69 seconds later Jimmy fell as well.  After something caught his attention he collapsed exactly 69 seconds later.
"Daddy, please come back." Eleanor whispered into his neck.
"How?!"
“Rest well… Steve.”
"You did good kid, both of you."
"Ellie." He sighed exasperated. "Babydoll, you know you can't. You'll just have to wait for the baby to come to see her." He said soothingly while rubbing her back as her little body shook as she continued to cry.
She sighed heartily. “You’re weak.” She stated pointedly.
Johnny and Ben were desperately trying to herd people out of the chaos. Natasha was leading the evac but people were still getting slaughtered. Sam and Rhodey were grounded and Peter and Clint seems to be the only ones desperately trying to hold the perpetrators at bay.
Steve shifted next to him making Tony flinch. The Captain turned to her, "Took you long enough." He groused.
He swallowed thickly and he laughed bitterly to himself.
Next chapter will be much shorter but no less heart wrenching. Stay tuned.
Awesome.
Thor nodded.
“As I said before there is no time to explain everything but I will tell you this; I want access to all the souls, every single one in the entire universe.” Everyone stiffened at her admission.
Firstly, there were too many people in the tower and if any realized what his movements equated to they would stop him instantly and it would be game over. He has to play this real carefully now. One mistake could lead him to being strapped into the steel straitjacket that Fury was happy to fashion for him.
“No! You little prick, give it back!”
So back to the point, where was I? Ah, yes...
Bucky eyed him skeptically but released him.
He ignored it.
Beep. Beep.
Clint held up a finger as he chewed. He swallowed obnoxiously then took a deep breath.
“Oh!  You’re awake!”  A voice rang out somewhere to Steve’s left.
Steve stared at it astonished.
Natasha and Clint were beside themselves with shame. They had allowed themselves to act so childish in such a serious situation. They were professionals damn it!
Not one crumb of pie was left.  With full bellies, sated appetites and a warm atmosphere, Steve felt at peace amongst them after days of what felt like constant animosity.  His calm was short lived however, just when he was about to talk to Tony the genius had abruptly dismissed himself.
Steve took a deep breath. He was trying to will away the black hazy clouds in his mind.
“But what if it does something else like leak all of our secret’s all over the Internet or something?” Clint retorted.
He had finally gotten that chance with Bucky. Though there is still much unsettled between them the most important ones had been addressed. He knew what it meant for both of them. He then thought about how there was so much he wanted to tell Peggy but never got the chance. There was so much left unsaid that it festered in his heart for years.
“I can spar with it?” The soldier inquired.
He quickly turned to look at the painting of the flying suit of armor he created in hopes that it would trigger his memory only to gasp in shock. The canvas was blank, also.
“Heh, as tempting is that would be Tony I have to make sure everyone in my team is OK. I am in command now.” Steve stated as he looked down at the unconscious Director.
Steve winced guiltily.
“Copy that.”  Steve replied.
Tony elects to help Barnes. That is until he discovers a dark secret about the Soldier that could threaten his very existence.
As I was roaming along, it was inevitable that I would encounter some sort of celestial body up close and personal. As it would happen I was on a collision course for this tiny planet. Finally, I would be able to learn the things I yearned to know.
Considering everything, he really should not be the least bit surprised if that were the case.
Everyone’s subtly and slowly looked at Thor.
He could tell at the very least that it had been thoroughly cleaned, but damn. Then all too suddenly the disturbing conclusion came to him. Whoever authorized this wanted to see exactly how well the Winter Soldier would heal without aid. It was an experiment. Tony saw red. He didn’t bring the prisoners here to be experimented on.
Tony swallowed thickly. He had Jarvis consistently homing in on the ones in range and blasting them away. His mental count had to be at 109 by now. As soon as he was finished infiltrating the spatial disorders he would be able to hand Jarvis the reigns on that front then he could join the battle himself.
The moment the sun broke over the edge of the water in a spectacular and dazzling burst of light Steve took a shuddering breath. The numbness was receding as the overwhelming shock of everything that has happened in the last few weeks began to ebb away. All of the pain began to return in sharp constricting tendrils. Despite everything, Steve managed to deeply enjoy the glorious and magnificent sunrise. It was even more heavenly than the one he witnessed yesterday morning through the dirty window of the lonely forgotten warehouse. Only after the sun was seated upon the glassy surface of the sea did he finally speak.
Before Jarvis could even reply, a series of explosions sounded off outside the compound.  The entire building shook.  Steve could feel it resonate in his bones.
“Of course, Sir.”
“Just because you locked herself in here by yourself, with a ‘do not disturb’ order that took me ten minutes to get passed by the way,” She looked at him pointedly. “You’re hiding, Tony, and I’m willing to bet why.”
“Could be better, could be worse…  I’m not exactly sure how it could be worse, but I gotta keep on trucking.”
After supper that night while Ellie was working on her chores and beginning her nightly routine, Steve had decided to take a walk around the property before the last of the daylight faded away. Apparently, he was being clingy and smothering. He smiled wistfully to himself. As he stepped out on the back porch, he knew he probably was but he couldn’t help it. Peggy was just so damn strong and beautiful he just wanted to make sure she was comfortable. He realized all his fussing probably didn’t help any but made a point to try harder the future.
Bucky turned back to the computer where he was sifting through the files. He brought up a blank page and began to type with his right hand. Tony sidled up behind him and watched with intense interest. The others sprang from their seats and joined them.
Judging by the man's reaction of finding Steve married with a child and that he had offhandedly commented that it was an understatement that they knew each other, indicated that perhaps there was some truth in the dream he had. Steve guessed that sometime before he married Peggy he and this man must have been having an affair some sort.
Heart… It was a heart; the arc reactor was like heart. Artificial heart... Why was that so familiar?
"Okay, yes, but can you blame a guy for trying?"
Eventually various teams began to return from their missions and the news of Fury’s death was utterly morale busting.  Of course they weren’t allowed to know the truth yet, just in case there were double agents at work.  Xavier remained vigil at keeping a look out just in case.
“Kukuku Iron Man and Captain America are finally going to get what’s coming to them.” The fat man sneered as he gently stroked the binding of a well-worn red leather bound journal.
Tony sighed. He knew this would be a longshot, but damn. He is definitely sorely missing the presence of his team right now. He really wished he had the foresight to think these things through.
Their attempt at a relocation merely found them on the nearest couch not thirty feet from the balcony. Steve sat down and pulled Tony onto his lap, making him straddle his thighs. The genius began rocking, creating delicious friction that made them both moan wantonly.
End Chapter Seventeen
“I really enjoy looking at in progress work, I love watching the pieces go from the early stages to the finished masterpieces.” Peter laughed.
"The thing is, you won't be here when I get back, so this... This is goodbye."
Really now?
Bucky didn’t answer but kept reading. His face took on a more serious expression as he began to read more intently. At that point Steve gave up and dropped his head back on the cement in dismay.
The one thing Tony could not figure out, was why. Why go through all this? Steve assumed that Calamity wanted them to succeed. Tony was not so sure. Calamity definitely had some ulterior motives going on, but for the life of him, the genius could not even begin to guess what those may be. There was an enormous part of him that really did not want to know.
“Dr. Doom has been engaged, the bots are thinned, I need to pull my unit for a ring formation. I want unit two to take over evac.”
Tony shook his head. The answer was simple but no less troubling. Steve cared, therefore so did he. Although his newfound empathy was melting away rapidly as Tony realized Bucky was laughing.
"Bucky!? How?"
“Tony’s coming.” Steve groaned out miserably.
Her face began to redden a little.
"Indeed, it was. It was incredibly rare for individuals of her tribe to spawn offspring with that particular dark-haired trait. They usually had hair and fur that better matched their environment. Black is not often naturally found in nature, not even on a unique and extraordinary planet such as this."
They all looked out the window to see what had warranted the assassin’s response. There were thousands upon thousands more fuzz balls floating around than what they had viewed earlier.
Beep. Beep.
Iron Man turned his attention back to the devices. He needed to close the hole. It felt like he was trying to defuse a bomb. The device was covered in wires that weaved in and out of a deconstructed tablet. It was crudely mounted to what almost looks like a holo-port projector but was emitting enough radiation to displace spatial gravity. Despite its built in a basement look, Tony tried not to admire it. As much as he hated to admit it, it truly was geniusly built and his arc reactor was the perfect power source.
“I didn’t know how, part of me wanted to keep it from you for as long as possible. To keep you from the pain that is supposed to take you away from us.” He said sadly.
Every single fucking wretched thought and torturous emotion hit him like an atom bomb. He backed up until he hit the wall of the infirmary and slid down until his ass collided painfully with the hard, cold tile floor. He pulled his knees to his face and completely and utterly broke down. The one thought that kept whirling around in his mind like a destructive hurricane over and over was that Steve, the one person Tony loved most in the entire universe, wished he didn't exist.
Tony sighed deeply.
"Sister!"
"I'm listening."
He held the paper up for all to see. There staring back at them was the woman from the video. Clearly visible upon the intricate ancient etching.
“What happened?”  He asked softly as he gently caressed Tony’s darkening skin.
Quickly wiping the blood from his lips he gripped his shield tight and bashed it into the bot as hard as he could, stopping it from beginning another assault. He quickly whipped around and jabbed the shield’s edge into the elbow joint of the bot successfully forcing the bot to release his leg. Steve shot up off of the floor diving between the bots legs and sprinted for the exit.
See? Nightmare.
Steve shrugged to himself and followed Tony as he meandered through the various halls of the helicarrier until they reached the room that overlooked the brilliant starry sky from all angles.
Quicksilver nodded resolutely. He would protect his sister at all costs.
Tony’s expression became worrying but didn’t morph into horrible realization.
“I completely agree with you! I mean no one has figured it out yet and they have had centuries to do it. Unfortunately, you only have weeks at the most.”
Steve thought about it for a moment. He looked back at what he was feeling.
“Oh God, what did I do now?”
He shut the door on the genius, making a statement.  Tony stood there for a moment trying to grasp at what happened.  He was trying hard but failing at trying to understand the situation.  Steve did not deny that this was a date.  He did not become all flustered and demand that they were most certainly not on a date.  All he said was no.  Did that mean simply no to the kiss, or did he mean no to the entire statement or…  Tony was at a loss.  He shook his head vigorously and started to walk away.  He will just have to mull it over some other time.  He smiled to himself as he made his way to his own quarters.
“Okay, official number one and number two are probably still behind this door.” The genius warned. “Can you stand by yourself?”
“Very good, Ellie! Trouble comes from the least expected direction. So, what do you get from that?” He asked.
Thor basically tells everyone they are shit out of luck.
Now, without any further ado, on with the show!
"Yeah, it was kind of scary." She said with a timid pout.
Then again they probably would have found a way to track him using it. He was probably better off, but now he had no idea how he was supposed to find Bucky or keep track of how close the others were to. Whatever, he had to keep moving.
Over and over.
“We thought the worst when we could not find them!”  Kevin and Tommy’s father said to him.  His wife began to weep as she patted Tommy and Kevin’s hair.
“As some of you know Calamity spoke to Tony and I before…  b-before…  Well she told us there is a way to stop her.  That there is a small chance to do it.”  He looked at Tony for confirmation.
"I wish there were, but this is my true purpose. It's something only I can do.
"Daddy, are you okay?" Ellie asked suddenly.
Steve took a deep breath and tried to absorb everything she told him. It was shocking, morbid, and heart wrenching, the awful things she experienced and ultimately committed. He was honestly beside himself with revulsion and heartache. He could very well be in the presence of the person who committed one of the first mass genocides of the universe. However, despite her savage and tempestuous transgressions, he understood her pain. If anything, he understood, all too well, that kind of pain. He knew what grief and anguish could do to a person, what that kind of misery could drive a person to do.
This creature I had come to know, her thoughts, her feelings, her aspirations, were gone. No longer was I going to hear her describe why she liked the color of the fugu berry or hear her latest theory as to why the yellow moon always followed closer to the red moon and why the blue moon always seem to stay in one place.
Barnes merely twisted the skeletal metal hand around and flip Tony off, his smug expression never leaving his face.
What the fuck!?
“God, I’m glad I didn’t kill him then.”
Steve smiled bitterly. Oh how far they have come.
“Luckily he was too busy licking up your puke.” He smirked.
“But there is somewhere I must be.” He finished with a hidden smirk.
He breathed a sigh of relief as he placed the last little flick of highlight on the face plate. He was finished.
A/N: Welcome back my faithful readers! I am so very, very sorry for the long wait. I have decided to do away with the litany of excuses (bullshit) and just get this show on the road.
When he made it outside he stood a moment in the middle of the driveway and honed in on his enhanced senses, letting his super soldier instincts take over.
“OK, I believe that is a wonderful idea. I think we will definitely feel better after a nice hot meal.”  Steve smiled at Tony appraisingly.
"What?!"
“Widow! North east of my location. Do you see anything!?”
Steve took a deep breath and centered himself. He took another look around the room this time focusing on each individual. Then he spotted what appeared to be a male and female duo in the middle left pews. His heart shook and shuddered the longer he stared at the male figure.
And with this final utterance the perfect little girl, as if mirroring his own heartbreak, cracked apart and slowly dissolved into black iridescent dust then whisped away into black nothingness and with her the last of this beautiful, wonderful, fantasy world.
"It seems time is flowing differently here." Tony said more to himself.
Tony was out there somewhere, fighting the big fight all the while believing that Steve hated him. That sentiment could not be further from the truth. Steve needed to find a way to let Tony know the truth. Despite everything that happened, (and let's face it there were some things Steve was still entirely angry about) Steve still loved Tony completely.
Six of them continued to close in, however, with a heavy spray of bullets from their guns. Bucky avoided the onslaught seemingly easily and swiftly disarmed two of the six. He reengaged them firing the guns he had just acquired.
Another hand joined Ellie's on his wrist. He looked up suddenly to see Peggy standing next to him smiling, cradling a squirming bundle.
Tony made an obscene gesture behind Bucky’s back before gently moving a lock of brown hair aside revealing the back of the soldier’s neck.
“Wow, Babydoll, that must have been amazing. Did she say how it tasted?” He asked playing along.
Tony balked in indignation. How had he not known this information. His indignation soon morphed to bitter petulance. He was aware that his father, Howard Stark, had long suspected that Hydra had developed one such fabled algorithm, though he could never find it nor develop it himself.
“True, but they have a delayed protocol for the motion sensors. They have to thoroughly check the cameras before they are allowed to engage. Kids and transients find a way in all the time. They can’t dispatch agents for every little cat or rat that scurries by. It’s a broken system, they are banking on the fact that no one really knows of nor desires its contents. No one has yet.”
“I’m going to kill him!” He shouted.
That one night when Tony got super wasted Steve didn’t even consider that one of the genius’s deepest darkest secrets was that he might very well fancy the same sex more over the opposite.  The good Captain still didn’t know how to feel about that.
He got the impression that she was the all-knowing and all-seeing type. So he hoped uttering his plea once was enough. He absently rubbed the markings on his wrist. He looked around but he was still alone. He turned to head back to his nest only to find it already occupied. Calamity sat upon his blanket examining his shield.
In time, it was Steve that made him begin to truly believe that Tony wasn’t all to blame for the misery his weapons caused. Steve had to remind him on numerous occasions that it was Obadiah double dealing. It was Obadiah that went to incredible lengths to keep Tony from the truth. Be that as it may, Nat was right. He could have figured it out sooner. There were many discrepancies that Tony chose to overlook, that he turned a blind eye to because he trusted Obadiah. That was on him. Tony knew he would never forgive himself for that.
“Well, it seems that we are all here.”  Fury stated as he looked upon the worry worn and very jaded members of the superhero team before him.
He recalled a storage bin in the basement that the children were hiding behind labeled winter clothes.
“Really, even gold?!” He exclaimed as he prepared the eggs and milk in a separate bowl.
Though she was still real enough to drool caustic drool into the world and throw her eggs at them.
They sat embracing each other for a time relishing in the fact that they could feel each other’s heartbeat indicating that they were both indeed alive.
“Did she specify who she took?”  It was Scott Summers who asked this time.  He had just entered the room.
“You’re not tracking him?” Bucky asked.
A few hours later, Steve, after attempting to mow the first eight feet of the yard with the dull push mower, had located the whetstone he had procured yesterday and began sharpening the blades. Super strength or not he was not going to do that entire yard with a dull mower, no way in hell. He had situated himself under the shade of the big Maple as he created a steady rhythm of running the stone over the blades.
“Nat, how are you?”
“Alright.” Steve stood from the wall putting his game face on.
"How?"
"Why didn't you tell us sooner!?" War Machine demanded with ire.
Even Johnny glanced back worry stricken.
Steve sighed heavily as he slowly moved the Coney Island portrait off of the easel.  He allowed himself a moment to get lost in his emotions, his sorrow before carefully setting the painting aside.  He placed the blank canvas he just made on the easel and proceeded to stare at it.  He was like that for nearly half an hour before Jarvis brought him out of his thoughts by alerting him of a visitor.
“Hello Professor.”  Steve returned, “What brings you here today?”
“Kids!?? Oh man!”
"That doesn't surprise me. At least we didn't make it easy for you."
“How are you holding up there Cap?”
“Either point could be true, it could be one alien easily with the capability of covering large distances in such a small amount of time or could very well be multiple aliens doing this. It is too early to rule anything out.  But if anything, I do hope Tony is right on this one.”  Stated Bruce looking between the two hoping a bitter squabble won’t be started yet again.
“I’m sorry Captain, but that’s how it is. Just be grateful you won’t be constantly confined to a gurney as you are now, or placed in a straitjacket. I personally wouldn’t mind either way.”
His reward was for Bucky to give him a stare that promised extreme pain. It wasn’t even a glare or a scowl. It was just a fucking stare and Tony could feel the painful promise it held deep in his bones. This guy was fucking scary!
"Steve, love?" Peggy spoke up, handing Steve a plate to put in the dishwater.
Steve nodded.
“Natalia told me the basics, Steve told me more when we were together.” Barnes replied. “Like how you have only a 0.5% chance of figuring this code out.” He said gesturing to the monitor.
“Come my Son, let us head to the records hall.” Thor nodded as he gestured for Steve to follow.
Tony winced.
It took a moment to really think about what he wanted to say to Tony. He went back through the pages of his sketchbook that depicted the genius and all those mundane everyday moments. He paid extra close attention to the way he re-created Tony’s smile, everything to the way his eyes shine and his lips curved.
“I… Well this one time that jerk talked me into riding the cyclone with him.” He smiled wistfully.
Fuck time!
When!?
Despite the overwhelming urge to punch Tony in his exceedingly insufferable smug face, the good Captain willed himself to calm down. He had to remind himself that the bad jokes and crude humor were Tony’s way of coping with incredibly serious situations.
How had it all come to this?
“Steve?”
“Sorry Tony I gotta go!” He shot up.
“I know.” He did know.
“And of course Mr. Stark, we shall sit down together so we can discuss thoroughly the force energy and presence I felt when encountering this foe myself through the minds of these patients.”
"Daddy, please!" The girl pleaded again.
"Oh, God, Tony. What are you doing to me?" Steve murmured in hazy wonder.
Despite all of its virtues it was an obvious weakness, a glowing beacon screaming “Hey over here! Aim here to kill!” You’d think someone with the title of genius would be smart enough to hide such an obvious vulnerability.
Steve smiled and nodded along. He silently begged for their forgiveness as he watched them sip eagerly at the tea.
Steve was shocked out of his thoughts by the voice of an angel.
Mansion?
He did not know. Steve turned the page then began the sketch anew, this time testing himself to see if he could really picture the man without those odd sunglasses on.
Steve thought for a moment.
“Silence. Outside and in.” Tony replied pointing to his head. Steve nodded.
“So you just stop to admire it?  What? Did you just stand there and wish you were one of the kids playing in the yard?”  Tony asked as he smirked at the captain with that twinkle in his eye.
Tony hoped that the bots that the Rhododendron created didn't have the same safeguards. It didn't matter too much regardless, the way to negate each problem he encountered had been percolating in the back of his head for months. All he really needed now was time.
“I trust you Tony.” He lied.
He rolled painfully on the ground avoiding two attacks. His chest burned as the evasion jarred and stressed the tenuous connection his suit had to his arc reactor. He hoped the computer remained undamaged.
“Boss! The Avengers are on the move!”
The second thing he was aware of was the scent of freshly cut grass and the sensation of the individual blades brushing his skin. When he finally opened his eyes he saw the leaves of the large maple tree dancing merrily in the light breeze. He smiled wistfully at the sight.
The others appeared just as awed.
Steve’s mind and heart shattered the moment Bucky’s prone form hit the pavement slowly turning the asphalt a lusciously hideous hue of scarlet. He could no longer process the world around him. All there was was the all-encompassing pain. The pain in his heart as the pieces became sharp and jagged, the pain in his body as he struggled against his own captor. His muscles began ripping themselves apart as he, on pure raging instinct, overpowered Iron Man with a strength never reached in all his life. His bones fracturing at the sheer intensity of his raging movements, his body was not built to withstand such brutal exertions.
Now a new alien is starting to stir up trouble and only god knows why. Could this new foe be even stronger than Loki? Perhaps they would know more once they talk to Thor.
Making sure everyone understood what he was saying and implying.
How on earth was he supposed to find him now before anybody else does?
"The bus stop? I thought you might have spotted me, at the time I believed it to be impossible but here we are."
He needed to go find Tony. He looked down at what he was wearing. Only a hospital gown. Pants first, then Tony.
Steve sighed heavily as he ran his hands over his face and through his hair.
“Isn’t it wonderful, Daddy? I’m going to be a big sister!!” She exclaimed excitedly.
“Why did you heal us?”  Steve asked
Well fan-fucking-tastic!
Tony rolled his eyes painfully. ‘Seriously!? He’s going to pull that crap now? In what universe is Steve or any of us going to allow that?’
Steve's eyes widened just as the man's face contorted sharply. He did not know if the man would become a threat to Ellie. Steve can tell that whatever this was that was happening was not going in the man's favor. And if there was any sliver of a truth in the unspeakable dream he had last night, then he had a few guesses why.
“Oh Thank God!!” He shouted hysterically and nearly started to hyperventilate.
Suddenly there was an alert.  Hank popped up on the screen next to Thor.
Barnes only tilted his head. “Ow?” He smirked.
~-0-~
How were they so god damned happy living in such a tiny house?  They didn’t even really have toys or bikes and their parents didn’t even have a car.  Didn’t make sense to me at the time.
“Is it at all possible that you are wrong?” Agent Hill added.
“Your tamagotchi has been dead since 1994.” Steve retorted.
"It was the deal we made." She answered. "It is much like that idiom you spoke of. He made his bed, now he must lie upon it."
“Unit two, do you copy?” He spoke out.
But why?
“You’re such an idiot.” Bucky groaned.
Dammit.
It would still suck in anything that got too close; however, it was not strong enough to suck them all in.
A/N: Yes, Yes, I know that I am a horrible person. If you really want to know why there was such a delay, you are welcome to ask. However I thought it best to just get this show on the road! Hellz Yeah! All general declaimers apply.
"Careful Stark! They are merely hatchlings. What would the mother think?" The Rhododendron mocked from behind a convenient barricade of debris.
However, before Steve could even utter a word, Tony pulled away.
“I am now.” Was Tony’s instantaneous reply.
“Why was I not informed?!”
He felt trepidation gnaw at his psyche. Just on the edge of his consciousness were the things he desperately tried not to think about. His demons were clawing and scratching at their prison doors deep within his mind. Now that he had no major projects to consume his attention, they were ready to spring free.
“It is merely a fragment but it will have its use in time.”
They looked down the building to see what the commotion was. A very fat man was looking over Von Dooms prone body. He looked up to where the Avengers were grouped together.
Now, however, the decision had been made for him. Each and every member of their fragmented team, including the autonomous robots Tony had been working on, were ordered to be deployed. That means he needed to attach the device before he left for the mission.
"You by chance don't mean…" Tony began.
As Steve followed Tony deeper into his lab he had to remind himself over and over again in his head that Tony was just that way.  That he is a kind, wonderful and caring person under all that attitude.  And that Steve loves him no matter what.
“So what happened? Where did it go wrong?” Bucky asked with care. “I mean, you don’t have to say, I-I know there are things that I sure as hell do not want to talk about. I just… If I can help in any way…” He trailed off.
“If that is all anyone is going to contribute then we will proceed. Barton and Romanov, you two will be on standby—“
“Count me in, I also don’t have anywhere else to be.” Said Peter.
“What is wrong with you! You’re supposed to be figuring out how to stop Calamity!”
He continued on the hauntingly familiar train of thought.
So many things made so much sense now.
He heaved himself out of bed and began his morning routine. Just as he began to dry off after a refreshing shower an alarm started to wail. Steve sighed. Someone somewhere was causing a ruckus. Ugg, today was going to be a painfully long day.
Don’t forget to leave me a review at the end and tell me what you think. As always I apologies for any and all errors.
One of the agents managed to loop an electric subjugation wire around Bucky’s neck as he made to dodge another War Machine attack. The wire stopped him in his tracks and he screamed out with wretched abandon. The scream ripped through Steve’s heart like a lightning bolt made of demonic fury. The Captain was in such excruciating pain and despite that he began to struggle again.
"It's fine. Maybe this 'timeline,'" He air quoted timeline. "Will end up differently for us, you're still in contact with Howard Stark, right?"
Nope, he was not going to wait.
"Incredibly handsome, obviously." Steve replied teasingly.
“Congratulations, you actually came to the right conclusion for once. I’m so proud of you.” Tony replied sarcastically. In his mind he was trying to come up with a good solution. Because, honestly, running into that monkey’s Strike unit had pretty much been worst-case scenario. And in that scenario, he hadn’t quite thought of a good way past yet.
He shook his head and walked back to his desk. In that time, the soldier downed the last of his mug and made himself another before following Tony. The genius plopped down unceremoniously on to his chair and groaned audibly. Perhaps, he should not have sat down with such abandon, his sore body had protested vehemently. The soldier stood somewhat awkwardly by the desk.
“Really!? How on earth did you come up that conclusion?!” Tony flinched at the Captains tone.
The soldier’s movements were so fragmented Steve was able to gain the upper hand. He managed to knee him in the gut and punch him in the face before the soldier could block. Steve used the force of that momentum to sweep the soldier’s legs out from underneath him. He hit the ground hard but flipped back up to his feet instantly.
A/N: And another one bites the dust. How did you like it? Leave me a review and let me know what you think.
“Save them, all of them.”
Beep. Beep. Beep.
As the elevator made its way up, Tony looked over to Bucky. He was hard to read, surely he was still in severe pain but he showed no hint of it. He could tell that he began to bleed through in a few spots. Tony suspected that he probably already tore some stitches.
“Okay, time to go. The moment one of them comes to they will be on us.”
“Though something most certainly happened, it’s written all over your face.” She said gesturing to his flushed guilty face.
Steve felt the clouds of his misery part just enough for the smallest ray of hope to shine down and slap him in the face…
“A memory. That was one of my favorite memories of my mother, Sarah Maria Stark.” Tony replied quietly.
“Tell me, if you had just been accused of a heinous crime and the entire world is looking for you, what would you do? Where would you go? You have two mutant kids with you, who cannot control their abilities properly. What then? Where do you go? The kids are foreign, they know nothing of these lands. Where do you hide?” She asked, re-creating the scenario. “You’re scared, you have no idea who to trust… Think my love, put yourself in his shoes.”
Growing up Steve spent most of his childhood and a good chunk of his adulthood confined in a hospital or in his sickbed. Barred from going anywhere or doing anything. He spent days on end lying in a bed and that’s how art, books and Bucky became his greatest escapes.
Steve smiled graciously and held his hand out. Sam took it and hauled him to his feet.
“So what’s up? Does he think he’s too good for you?” He demanded with a hint of venom.
“You are to me! Now shut up and hold on! It’s not over yet!” Steve shouted back.
‘It can be…’
Steve thought for a moment. It was kind of sad that she just went with whatever name people just happened to give her.
Why was it so important to destroy the core?  That blue light…
Looking back on all the things said and done, Tony felt utterly disgusted with himself. He single-handedly brought Steve to his knees and broke him. Oh, God, the awful things he said to him as he lay suffering in his cell. The look of absolute terror Steve gave him before Calamity took him away. It all could have been avoided if he hadn’t been such a coward and hid himself away all that time. If he had only told him how he truly felt when he had the chance.
Tony took a deep. He really, really did not want to be here. He could already feel himself get agitated knowing he was going to have to interact with this prisoner and it likely wasn’t going to go his way. Luckily, he reminded himself, that he may have brought along an ace card.
"The thing is, Earth actually had two Keystones." She admitted.
“It’s my fault, Buck. I should have come for you. I should have looked for you!” Steve uttered remorsefully.
“Not my fault you’re sensitive enough to feel the pulsing electromagnetic waves.” Tony responded ignoring Barnes’s apprehension. “If you want we can stick you in the MRI tube instead.” Tony suggested sinisterly.
~On the other side…
Steve woke up to the sound of gunfire and combat.  He swiftly remembered what was going down.  The Winter Soldier was attacking the compound.  He was lying on the couch in the common room.  He couldn’t help but to think that at least they didn’t leave him lying on the floor.
With that, and after giving each other all sideways glances, they had all separated to go their own ways to their designated sleeping quarters.  We’ll just have to see what five hours bring.
The five hours had come and gone much quicker than any had anticipated.  Even though just a few hours wasn’t all that much time it was just enough to clear the mind.
“What is the likelihood of us fixing this? …Coming out on top?” Steve asked uncertain about so many things.
“I know a few people that would possibly want to join us.”
“Sit down.”
"This Tony doesn't exist." She cried in frustration.
“Like I haven’t been blown up before,” he laughed.
His eyes flashed. “I’m sorry my personal crisis is making your life so fucking difficult!” He spat out.
"Stay put, man. You're bleeding heavily!"
He gave Tony his space to work through whatever he was going through.  Steve had made up his mind not to over think it, that Tony was being Tony and he would eventually come around.  Steve did not know in the slightest what that would mean for their relationship. But now however, it was like he was seventeen again and getting punched in the gut by the local hooligan.
Bucky skillfully avoided security as he attained an envelope and a priority box. He mused bitterly how his accursed skill set Hydra “taught” him was very useful now. He quickly wrote down the appropriate information on the box that Steve told to him. He gently folded Steve’s letter and placed it in the envelope. He then placed the envelope and the sketchbook in the box.
He clicked his tongue in frustration and shifted slightly in an attempt to find a more comfortable position in order to alleviate his aching muscles. He tried to move as subtly as possible as to not disturb Ellie. She stirred as if to almost wake up and then settled. He gave a mental sigh of relief. He did not want her to awaken, only to ask for her mother.
The tiniest, most imperceptible shake of her head was her only response.
“What happened Tony?” She questioned, her voice a steady as a rock.
Steve only smiled at him sadly.
God, just when Tony had finally, finally given in and let himself really feel for the Captain and hope and yearn for something… More… He truly felt they were building on something. But it was all an act. It was nothing!
How in fucking hell did the Rhododendron know all about this dimensional creature? How did he even get his hands on the technology needed to open a portal to the exact place he wanted?
“I… I came up with three plausible possibilities.” He flattened out the curled pages before him.
It wasn’t until quite recently that Steve was even able trust the others with his innermost thoughts and concerns. Let alone to the snarky Tony Stark. But that had changed radically on a mission about ten months back. Captain America and Iron Man had gotten trapped in a collapsed subway tunnel. With one severely injured and the other waxing and waning out of consciousness they had nothing better to do than to quarrel with each other only to find that the reasons why they clashed and fought so much were all based on false assumptions and terrible first impressions. With a bit of heart to heart bonding, that can only happen being trapped in close proximity to each other for over five hours; they came upon an understanding and perhaps even the start of a profound budding relationship.
“Kill him!” Harker screeched.
He was having a good feeling about the whole situation knowing a majority of the victims were found in public places.
“Yes.”
Tony’s blood ran cold. “Why go through all this?”
They made their way through the corridor door undisturbed like Jarvis said. The agents and workers of the raft were mostly dealing with the chaos unleashed everywhere else and following false leads. Those who could be spared were likely lying in wait in an attempt to keep Tony from getting to his suit. The others were stuck on a lower sub level with no working elevator to aid them thanks to Jarvis.
Fury, Scott and Clint crowded him and began reading the letter.
He clipped the last wire into place and inputted the last command. Now he just needed to sync it to the other distorters.
“Of course, Sir.”
One may be wondering as to why Tony Stark was involving himself so immensely in this endeavor. Such concerns were expressed numerous times by varying members of his fragmented team. Why not just let Davidson and Cho do it alone? They are not imbeciles after all. Much to the contrary. They could feasibly handle the operation alone with the notes and Jarvis to aid them. Why does Tony need to be present at all? He could be working on the code in the meantime… Blah blah blah…
Beep. Beep.
“You want to know if Barnes is worth saving?”
They grew together, bonded and connected. They told things to each other they would never have told anybody else. They spent endless hours together and Steve tried to get to know Tony as best as he could.
“Why?” Steve asked quietly, all the while vastly uncomfortable with Calamity’s wandering hands.
“I was wondering when you would come for me.” The dark figure on the floor spoke slowly and clearly. He slowly lifted his face off of his knees to look at Tony sharply only for his stoic features to morph into shock and confusion.
"Tony, what's going to happen?" Black Widow asked over the com line.
"I will stop you. Count on it. You said it yourself, didn't you? I have a 0.5% shot."
When they walked in they were immediately greeted by the matron.
But before the hysteria could grow within him he picked up on a very familiar sound in the distance. He stood up quickly and flinched harshly as his body protested his effort. The sound of the flight stabilizers of Stark Industry repulser technology grew faintly louder as Iron Man came closer.
Steve smiled sadly at her. "Don't worry, Babydoll." He said as he handed her the last plate to dry. "It happens. They come and go."
"So, this you, the real you, had been with me the entire time!?" Tony exclaimed incredulous.
What was so special about that blue light?  What was it about that light that made it important to destroy that core?
Steve just kept going, running like he never did before. Eventually they saw the end in sight. Just a few more yards and they would be through the wall. He could just make out the glow of the Human Torch as he flew about securing the perimeter.
“Only if you bring him back alive.” Steve whispered. “I promise I’ll behave if you bring him back alive.” He said a little more firmly.
The soldier continued, “I was just so-“ Barnes cut himself off again. “I just needed to see.” He murmured finally, his voice just barely above a broken whisper.
Apparently the strange cases had also caught the attention of the esteemed Professor. He, as much as the others, wants to solve these odd and frightening cases a.s.a.p.
“Mmhm.” She nodded enthusiastically.
"I do not blame you. It's messy, complex, and a lot to take in."
At first, he thought that maybe it wouldn't have been so bad to stay in the fantasy world and let it play out, he really didn't have to fight so hard to break free from it.
Tony looked around the battlefield trying to find the source. He honestly did not know what to think when he spotted the psychotic bunny trying to square up to Steve about 500 meters left of the rift.
A/N: Oh gosh, Steve’s end is definitely nigh.
Tony knew the hell he must be going through. He had his own demons and nightmares after all. The genius nodded and waited patiently for the soldier to continue. Barnes turned the cracker in his hand over again. He lifted it to his lips intending to take a bite but then stopped, grimaced, then set the cracker back down.
The moment he was away from the hustle and bustle of the busy downtown area he broke out into a run. He ran like his very life depended on it. He barely slowed down when he hit his property. He bypassed the house altogether and went straight for the barn. He ripped the door open in one swift movement, nearly tearing it from the hinges. He darted inside going straight for his studio.
Tony took another deep breath and made his way to the soldier to begin the procedure. Upon his arrival Barnes stuck out his tongue at Tony and flipped him off then turned to wink at the ladies earning him exasperated giggles. Tony’s left eye began to twitch when the soldier mouthed twenty.
Bucky took a shuddering breath.
He nodded reluctantly.
“Okay, this is not awkward or frightening at all.” Tony said to himself.
Everyone went slack jawed.
They remained on the floor panting. Finding themselves in yet another terrifying silence. This time Clint was the first to speak.
“I don’t think it’s a good idea to taunt her Steve.” Scott whispered in his ear.
Perhaps just one story.
Well how did you guys like this part. This was how Ch. 5 was supposed to end. Like that happened.
'But then again,' He thought with despair, 'It wasn't real…'
“As ready as I’ll ever be.” He grunted.
He was feeling excited about being able to work with such a fine young man…Uh, fine old man. ‘Hmm… It seems this man is really ninety some odd years of age. Simply fascinating. No wonder he holds such old fashioned ideals.’
“Sure!”
A/N: So here it is, we got a lot of little stuff happening here but all of it rather necessary.  I apologize for any and all errors.  Enjoy!
As soon as their lips touched, a fire was lit aflame within both of them. Tony all but collapsed into Steve's embrace desperately needing to get even closer to the Captain.
"Not to be a buzz kill or anything." Clint spoke up. "But the incoming bots look a little too much like the real nasty doom bots for comfort."
“I’m sorry man, I didn’t want to keep it from you-“
“Just a little.” He smirked.
"Steven..."
Humanity had a good run, right? Why not go out while experiencing a little slice of heaven?
His vision instantly changed from his reality into a black and colorful cosmic nebula that was littered with countless stars. Only, he realized, they weren't actually stars.
“You’re on standby, should any require assistance…”  Steve nodded with a small smile catching the meaning.  Help where he could but stay out of the way.
Steve shook his head.
Bucky and the siblings gave him a questioning look.
“Yes, he’s been awake for three hours now.”  Fury nodded with a pinched look on his face.
"Tony, you're standing here with me, now. Do you really think you can get away with not doing what you came here to do because I can't remember what you did?" Steve eyed him admonishingly.
The genius made his way over to Steve to give him a once over. He hoped however Steve managed to weasel out of the restraints he didn’t strain or hurt himself.
“Ah, you have caught me again Captain.” Thor smiled longingly.
Surprisingly, Steve found himself talking about Bucky and how he loved Steve’s pies and anything he cooked really.
Beautiful! Absolutely perfect.
Calamity only laughed. "Close enough, love."
He squinted at Steve making sure he wasn’t a pod person.
“Ah, information. One of the most valuable of paragons.”
The second reason was more practical. Tony was no stranger to the unbearable fusion of man and machine if his arc reactor was any indication. He also had the stomach for it to a degree, having operated and experimented on himself numerous times, finding ways to merge his own body and Iron Man persona more efficiently.
There! He heard it again.
He must be more haggard then he’s leading on.  He then proceeded to pull out his phone and alert Jarvis.
Fury decided that the Fantastic Four needed to be brought in on this also. Their arrival was strained at best. The Fantastic Four operated independently of the government and the Avengers bringing them in meant assimilating them into their group. After their briefing they weren’t quite as reluctant. They adapted well getting to know all of the other members.
“Oh? Am I?” Tony questioned as he sat next to Steve on the bed grabbing at the gown to look over his torso.
Steve can’t imagine the kind of position Thor is then. The love of his life is doomed for all intents and purposes, and he is not a part of that equation, yet. He is on the outside looking in on the possible end of an entire race of people. Depending on how involved he becomes in all of this he could gain the attention of Calamity to the point of dooming all of his own people to this fate.
"I didn't chicken out." Tony replied instantly without thinking, usually not one to leave a dig at his pride unchallenged.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes is a war hero. He served diligently and loyally by Captain America’s side. He fought hard with valor in the war against Hydra and ultimately lost his life to the cause. Only, he didn’t really die. Hydra found his broken body and manipulated him to their own nefarious purposes. They mutilated his body and warped and fractured his mind. And yet somewhere, someway, somehow, his very soul remained intact. Now a man with a broken body and even more broken mind, still feels regret, sorrow and guilt despite the last seventy odd years of purdition. In the end, he was a good man, no matter how hard they tried, Hydra could not break him of that.
