The interruption comes at last, a tumult of footsteps in the hall and a pounding on his door. It can’t have been all
And then Cas is… in him. In him entirely. Dean knocks his head back onto the pillow with half a shout, and the remains of that hole are just gone, filled to overflowing. Tears flood Dean’s eyes.
Look: if angel wings are super sensitive to the bearer, it’s not that much of a stretch to postulate that they also
Dean growls and leans forward across the tiny table, voice as quiet as he can get it. “Are they like, especially sensitive or something?”
But there is. Dean loses a battle he was never going to win, grips Cas by the shoulder of his coat, and drags him up onto the bed. Cas comes off his knees without fuss, just the rustle of his coat and that long, untroubled exhale Dean has been aching to hear. His eyes blur anew, but he only has two hands, and both are employed getting Cas situated just the way he needs him to be. He doesn’t have a plan. Didn’t know until this moment what his needs were. Simply, closer. Closer, and never leave again. “Just... be here. With me.”
“It took something from you.” Jack remains stricken by whatever he has seen. He shakes his head as though drugged. His hands slide down Castiel’s cheeks, then fall to his sides. “I brought you out, and the Entity gave you up, but…”
“Yeah.” Any way Cas wants to touch him, Dean will take. He wants this, with all his heart, and he’ll never be able to resist, no point in trying. He sighs, relaxing into it. “Yeah.”
But there is something adding subtly to Dean’s resonance, and it’s not the anger at all, but the near-silent riptide beneath it. An utter lack of caution. Dean, desperate, at the end of his rope and throwing himself over the edge.
It hadn’t. The bunker’s generator and the backup had, though. For his part, he’d barely noticed. The only thing he’d cared about was the person in bed beneath him, trembling and gripping his nape and staring up at him with eyes lit from beneath like there was a storm raging itself to pieces in there.
A while ago, Claire did skirt her way into the kitchen to make a Sam-sized bucket of popcorn before the hair ate the microwave or something, and that was when she told them they had an algorithm running on the database, then asked Dean for his Netflix password while they waited. And now it’s been a long while and Dean’s dying to know what they’re watching.
Feeling Cas’s bare chest against his for the first time, revealed as Dean frees the remaining buttons of that blasted shirt, is both lulling and a shock of static. It occurs to Dean through a roiling haze that he should be hurting, stretching like he is after Cas’s every kiss, leaning on his bad shoulder in all the wrong ways. “Did you,” he asks (and their mouths meet…and their mouths meet), “heal me?”
Castiel scowls. He is frighteningly in tune with Dean Winchester. Never before has he heard a human’s prayer that was not directly to him. That alone would have been enough to perk his ears. Coming late, as it has, it acts as yet another boulder painstakingly pulled away from the collapse around him.
Cas returns in a blink, no flash of light or rumble of thunder. One moment he’s not, and the next moment, Jack snaps, and he
Thing is, he doesn’t actually think he’s anywhere but the hard and cold reality he’s come to call home. There’s dirt in the grout of the kitchen and bathrooms, pollen that Miracle drags in on his fur, flecks of sand shaken out of his boot treads on the stairs. Engine oil under Dean’s fingernails that all the washing in the world won’t banish. The way his skin itches when he’s spent too long under the belly of one of the cars, and crust in the corners of his eyes when he first wakes up. If there’s one thing the Djinn never get right, it’s the microscopic filth of everyday living. He knows this is real.
“I wish you hadn’t, man.” It’s useless. Cas saved him and they thwarted God, and all’s well that ends well. He knows that in Cas’s mind, there was never a question of the right thing to do. But he still frustratingly
It’s nice to hear feedback about the mountains he’s helped to create, the way the coffee tastes in the morning, the finding of family and friends, how the car is
“One of my favorites.” He cannot keep the heat from his face. But it’s fine, he’ll deal. He’s been shirtless before in front of Cas. Just, not
him. That’s why Dean’s looking at the floor now and not at Cas, feeling a little sick and a little vindictive, and a lot like an ungrateful dick.
Cas just shrugs, and Dean curls his hands into fists at his sides. Abruptly, he just wants to fill his lungs, breathe in and in until he can’t expand his chest anymore, but he can’t, it’s all so cramped down here in this hair, and in this windowless dungeon. He makes a disgruntled noise, wiggling his shoulders, and Cas, to no avail.
“Look at the stars.” Cas smells smoky, heavy like two AM darkness. He fills Dean’s nostrils with sandalwood and dried marijuana leaves. “Are you—you’re not looking.”
Jack’s face scrunches and he looks like the child Castiel remembers, a barely born soul smitten with the world. “It’s like... a rubber band, what it did. Stretched tight and ready to snap back, except the door is shut. So all it does is keep on stretching. I can open the door again for you, but I can’t go in.”
“I wish you could see it all,” Cas murmurs, nosing the line of his jaw. Dean stares up into the living black, then into the ocean-blue of Cas’s eyes.
Dean lurches up from the bed, hands tangled in Cas’s hair, arcing his hips and bearing down, and the
Balthazar looks stymied by the change in topic, but he rallies and comes closer. “You’re forgiven, brother.” His words come slowly, deliberately. His eyes never leave Castiel’s, though it’s not a direct look, more a sideways one. “There is a lot that one can see when… when rid of and then reintroduced to this immortal coil. I may not like your actions, but I understand why, at the time, you felt them necessary. And I’ve seen what has happened since.” His brow creases, then clears, the sun lighting his face again. “Ah. Is this about guilt, then? Why you’ve not gone to him.”
No, no, no, no, no. The sirens wail on, red-black, red-black, Dean feels a howl rising up his gorge, and his heart is this broken, bloody, raw thing in his chest.
He had to get Dean to the car, they've waited long enough to not have an answer for what was going on and right now his family is dying and he wouldn't let that happen. Sam then remembered an ability angels had and looked over where he saved the angel. "GODDAMINT CAS!" Sam screamed as he saw that the angel was suddenly gone.
Dean pulled away after a moment, getting a few feet back and out of the devils trap. He stood by waiting until the demon retched everything from blood to salt onto the floor. Good thing he saved his shoes that way. "Now look at that, you did spill your guts."
He took a deep breath and rubbed a hand down his face, getting all the tears to wipe away. Slowly Dean managed to get his breathing under control as well as his leaking eyes. The brother's sat alone in silence for a long while, neither speaking and just consoling one another by keeping each other company.
Jumping out the window probably wasn't the best idea, however, it was the brothers only means of escape so they had to take it. Falling from an attic of a church with centuries old stain glass meant getting cuts everywhere possible as well as landing in some of the worst positions possible.
"Yeah-" He says walking deeper into the house where the kitchen was located and threw the hand towel over to him. Dean caught it mid air and wiped his face, also using it to wipe off some of the sweat that was on his neck and arms from being outside for so long. "This doesn't make any sense. Dean. Your chest was ribbons, your insides were slop. And you've been buried
This time, Sam took a step to the side, in the line of sight of Ruby who was still in the far end of the room. "She's good, she's helped us."
Castiel went to say something, but looked behind Sam's shoulder. Sam rose a brow, but before he could say anything Castiel said something new. "Your brother is holding me captive so I can explain what is wrong."
The next thing Dean heard was Ruby's voice, this time it sounded like it was filled with concern - but it felt fake. Maybe it was the delirious nature at the moment, but it just didn't sound right. "What happened!?" The demon yelled.
"I'm not talking about that." He says going back over to where he grabbed the whisky from before, he opens it up, but the door was shut quite aggressively before he could grab anything. He growled as he saw his brothers hand on the fridge door. "Sam!" He yelled as he looked up at Sam.
Dean, for once in his life, actually decided to shut up. He didn't want this demon pimp to get any more ideas. Maybe down the road he would consider it, but for now, he just needed to endure it. Find a way to escape somehow. If he could escape, there has to be an exit out of hell. There has to be.
Sam slightly lowered his gun which only made Bobby kick his shoe, making Sam return it back to his original stance. "Castiel, what are you?" Sam asked.
It has been two weeks since then, and Dean had been watching Sam like a hawk to make sure he didn't drink anything that he didn't approve of. He didn't know how many stashes he might have of demon blood, so he wasn't taking any chances.
He rose a brow. "The flirt to convert?" Castiel nodded. "Nah man, still not into that stuff- even when I have a literal angel in my backseat. Although this one time, she dressed up in this nun outfit and said if I came to church with her she would give me a proper lesson." He hums back on the memory, giving a light chuckle.
Dean woke up gasping, yet again. His body shaking in pure fear as he curled up into a small ball. His hands shook so badly that he couldn't keep them still enough to wipe his face properly. "Calm down- calm down- shut the fuck up and calm down-" He repeated to himself. Dean blinked a few times, not sure what else to even do. He gulps slightly as he took in his breaths. He's fine, he's fine. He just needed to get a drink and he'll be fine.
Pamela smirks and led the men inside of her home, mentioning things to Bobby in passing about how she'd already talked to multiple spirts and no one so far has come forward to say who or what it was. Dean took a moment and looked at Sam, who looked uncomfortable being there. "Is she always this flirty?" Dean asked him, trying to get his brother to relax.
His thoughts stopped once he heard his brother speak again, and god he wish he hadn't spoken. "Dean, did uh... does it have to do with what Uriel said?" Sam asked.
Laughs filled room. Alistair let out a hiss as the burn pressed against his skin and was it stayed present. "Not entirely! You left p-art of yourself back in the Pit." He spits out, only smiling again once Dean removed the blade. "Let's see if we can get the two of you back together again, shall we?"
One second he is pulling on the chains the next he is being hung about a foot higher where his toes barely touched the floor. Jumper cables clicked to his embedded hooks. A battery large enough to power a building was connected to. Alistair stood a mere two feet away from the suspended man and had a white controller in his grasp. "Now, for the past forty years, I have been offering you the same deal over and over again. Do you know why that is?"
What's wrong with tapes??? It ruins the whole aesthetic of the car! They were currently listening to the songs that Sam likes since he was driving. Neither Bobby or Sam thought that Dean was in any particular shape to go out and drive. Also, he has never been to this place before.
"Will you two please stop this soppy staring contest? If you two want to say something, just say it. I don't have time for you two to be keeping secrets. Share with the whole class." Dean said glaring.
"Just store her in the trunk of the impala or something. The meatsuit doesn't have anyone in it, but it's still alive. I can just mist in and out when Dean is asleep to keep her body alive." Ruby said with a small shrug.
"Look - Dean, we all are trying to fix this and prevent the seals from being broken. We've told every hunter that we know, gave them the typical omens to look for, and a lot of us are trying to study as much of revelations as possible to see where each and every seal would be located or performed." Sam now stood up, his arms folding slightly across his chest as he watched his brother.
Sam gave a relieved sigh, and took a deep breath. "Alright, let's do this again. I hope you remember how we communicated last time- but I don't have a spirit board so we'll just have to settle for this. Flip the light on for yes, flip the light off for no. Okay?"
"Look, I get it. You don't want him going all torture master again." Ruby says while holding up her hands in front of her, trying to relate and understand the other.
Dean huffed and folded his arms across his chest like a toddler. He opened his mouth to protest, but Bobby was having none of it. "I hope you know that you are the reason why God invented the middle finger, Bobby." He sighed in defeat and just shook his head slightly and followed orders.
Dean lets out a small growl, punching Alistair square in the jaw before walking away, trying to practice his breathing to stay calm, He couldn't lose his cool in here. Don't lose it Dean! You need information, so get the damn information. The sooner you do that, the sooner you can go home to see Sammy and Bobby.
He turns around and his eyes widen. Alistair standing there out of his chains and way out of the devils trap. "You should talk to your plumber about the pipes." The demon stated before punching Dean so harsh that he collapsed down to the floor and dropped Ruby's knife which made Alistair grin.
The angel nodded and walked closer to Dean, invading his personal space yet again and gave his eye stare. The human returned the look, he didn't know what it was for. Usually when given this look, it was before an argument or a seriously personal situation that he was not going to get into. So right now, the other searching his soul was a bit strange. "You need to be more careful, you're dying from your lack of caution."
It didn't take much, but Castiel was able to get everything that Dean had requested, a few of the items would be rather tricky to pull of or understand the purpose of. But Dean knew what to do. After everything he experienced in hell, this was going to be a peace of cake. Dean wheels a loaded cart covered with a cloth into the room where Alistair is imprisoned and humming a small tune. Alistair watched Dean enter, and grins, and starts to sing a bit more louder, moving within the chains almost as though he is dancing. "I'll always love you and make you happy, If you will only say the same. But if you leave me and love another, you'll regret it all some day~"
Sam stops, causing Alistair to smirk slightly. Of course he went to speak, perhaps to deliver another one liner, but Sam didn't have any time for that. He holds his hand out yet again and curls it into a fist. Suddenly a bright orange and yellow light bursts inside of Alistair's body, twitching and convulsing until the body drops down to the floor. The host also dead.
"You ask me to open this door and walk through it, you won't like the person who walks back out." Dean warns.
Castiel paused for a moment and tilted his head slightly, although Dean wasn't sure what for. "You need to make sure you eat well and are well rested Dean." He said suddenly.
Sam was going to question it further, but Dean's eyes widened and he quickly spun around, gun at the ready. The door was broken down and out popped a new woman. She had smooth black hair, pale skin, and looked like she was an emo biker to Dean. Yet, that wasn't what he focused on. It was her face... he took a step back with his eyes widening even larger. "How did you break that lock?" He yelled without giving the demon a chance.
Did Sam make a deal? If he did, then they were in big trouble. Nothing good comes from deals, a good example would be him- heh. It would make sense wouldn't it? Dean would've done the same. The grief just takes over and then after you do anything to make the person come back. Yet again, with the apocalypse hanging in the balance- maybe a deal to get his brother back to help fight along side him might have been a kick in the ass that Sam needed.
Bobby stood up, "Don't you raise your voice at me, boy." He said stern, which made Dean drop his voice a few notches and also fold his arms across his chest in annoyed obedience. "Now, it's been a rough year. He's joined up with a few hunters here and there, but he's mainly been hunting things none stop. Wouldn't want me slowing him down."
Castiel tilted his head slightly, his expression unwavering. Oh god, this Angel better not be a dunce. "Why would I do that?"
for it. The storm had really picked up speed, the noise of crashing glass and bits of hail thundering to the ground made the earth shake below his feet. "Fuck-" He grunts loudly as bits of hail started to hit his shoulders and legs as he ran. The feeling of welts took over his body, making it more difficult to run. The wind, exhaustion, everything was just making it worst.
Pamela makes everyone sit down at the table, Dean and Bobby sitting beside her while Sam stayed across. She hummed while taking a match and lighting every little candle in a unique order. She also made sure to turn of the lights as the same time. "Alright, everyone hold hands." The boys do so. "Now, I need something that this mystery monster touched." Pam stated as she grabs Dean's upper thigh.
"HEY!" Dean shouts, causing Bobby's hand to tense and jab the needle in, causing Dean to jolt and wince. "Sorry." He mumbled.
He looked absolutely confused and looked around, he didn't see a mirror, but he then spotted the TV from early and makes his way to it. Bobby clocks his gun in warning, that didn't stop Dean. He heard the three of them shift away to keep their distance. Dean put his hands on top of the TV and squatted down, looking at the reflection.
The hunter made a look. "I will be." He looked over at Bobby for a moment then back at the she-demon. "Do you have a spell?"
He thought maybe it was because what happened, what he did, was too painful to speak about. Maybe the world would be a better place if he was never brought back to life and pulled from the pit. Perhaps Castiel wanted to protect him from the truths. Dean didn't know... and god he didn't want to tell anyone. But, he knew Sam wouldn't let it go. This was a control area, and no matter what he said, he felt like he could handle it. To bad there wasn't any beer for him to guzzle down.
While they were gone, however, they did work a few more cases and Dean seemed to be his old self. With a few exceptions. He was a lot more sympathetic to the victims that they were dealing with, and even felt guilt when they had to eliminate any monster or ghost. Sam could have sworn he saw Dean crying at one point before he entered their motel room, but Dean was able to cover it up quickly. Something was up, and Dean seemed to know more than what he was letting on.
Even though he wasn't looking, he knew Sam was watching him, his every move, his voice. But Dean knew that the moment he would look over to his brother he would break. "To take me off the rack... if I put souls on... if I started the torturing. And every day, I told him to stick it where the sun shines. For forty years, I told him..."
Yup! That about does it. Dean gave out a soft chuckle, just his luck. The ones angel's who were supposed to be the good guys according to biblical messes, were actually huge assholes. He couldn't catch a damn break. Any faith that he had just went right out the window as well. "You're some heartless sons of bitches, you know that?"
Back when he could see her before, back when he was being drawn to hell, she didn't seem phased by it at all. But now it's bugging her? All Dean would think about was what Castiel said about Ruby knowing where Anna was, and that gut feeling to not trust her was growing steadily.
The human looked at the other and took a deep breath, he really wanted and really didn't want to do this. He didn't have a choice. Even with Ruby helping him heal on the inside, Dean just got worst by the day. He refuses to admit it, but Sam sees it. "Fine, but how much longer are you going to stay inside of him?"
"Sam, I'll just be apart of him in the background. He won't even know I'm here. I'll give him full reigns of control until he's healed then I'll ghost out."
Sam huffs and glared at the other, letting out his own scoff that sounded more like a dark laugh mixed with a growl. "No,
Once he had finished eating the contents of the plastic box, he felt a little better, his hunger more at a barrable level than it was before. "Are you okay?" Sam asked.
"Now's not the time to bellyache about Sam going darkside. He does his thing, he exorcises that demon, or we die." Ruby retorts, glaring at Dean's direction. If looks could kill, he was sure Ruby would have just slaughtered him.
Dean's shoulders grew tense as he felt a hand wavering over his shoulder, and he know it was Sam debating on if he should physically console his brother. He didn't want to be touched, but he wasn't going to tell the other not to, not when he felt a couple lose tears running down his cheeks. "But one day... I saw him. God Sammy... I never thought seeing someone would tear me apart inside. It was... i-it was Dad."
Sam took a few steps forward and sat on the bed beside his brother, his gaze not leaving his brother who so obviously seems to be suffering. "What do you mean?" He asked. Something that was also worthy to note, Dean has been a lot more open about his thoughts. Well, besides hell. He confessed that he remembered hell but refused to talk about it.
But seriously. A comb? This is what he’s been prying his way through dusty-ass boxes for in the Storage Room That Time Forgot for a week? He sighs, looking around the site of his failure. It wasn’t even in a box, more like chucked into a corner where it proceeded to build a biome of lint, cardboard shavings, and dust mites. He only found it because he—accidentally!—kicked one of the boxes. In an unpredictable fit of pique. And then kept kicking it.
The lake is restless today. Wind scuds across its surface, lifting the waves into small whitecaps. The trees on the far side bend and creak together, and Castiel stands at the edge of the field, helpless to move any further.
Someone yanks him around; he spins, on his knees on a quiet dock with a lake lapping below, to stare into Cas’s worried face—
That’s how Cas finds him, a dull flap and rustle of displaced air, then muffled calls of his name. Sparks dance in front of Dean’s eyes. He grabs for Cas’s coat, his hands barely following orders, and heaves and chokes, and blinks and blinks, but his eyes won’t clear and that makes it worse because if this really is his heart giving out, if this is the last time he gets to see Cas—
“Yeah?” No, no, too strange. “Yeah.” Ugh, trying too hard. To do what, he’s not sure. But he doesn’t feel up to any excellent things to come. “Just jonesing, you know.”
And maybe Dean doesn’t really see at all. There’s something inside him of which he has no real understanding: a spark, cossetted in flesh and blood, guarded by angels and coveted by demons. Manipulated by gods. A source of light strong enough to destroy entire worlds. He never imagined it was pretty. Not his soul, not anymore… until Cas died showing him otherwise.
as it turns out, the least of which being Cas’s inability to predict exactly how he’ll react when Dean—well, when Dean—Yeah, Dean’s got a lot of odd thoughts, including the one about whether he, Dean just-a-guy Winchester, is actually karmically allowed to be putting, well—a part of his, his
Like he said, he’s never actually seen Castiel’s wings. They’re a part of the heavenly form and they’d pretty much char the eyeballs right out of his skull, so there’s not much chance of that happening on Cas’s watch. Dean’s not too keen on losing his sight either, so it’s a group effort. They get some practice at it some nights, when Cas gets a little too lost in what’s going on between their bodies and starts to glow around the edges, blue light spilling from his half-lidded eyes as he hauls Dean down into his lap, clutching at his shoulders, mouthing harsh breaths into Dean’s throat, gasping half-formed Enochian into a fiercely heating room. Dean just shuts his eyes when he sees—feels—it coming, buries his face in Castiel’s neck and rolls his hips and clenches around him and tries to make it so damned good for him. He wonders what happens if Cas ever bursts fully free of his body when they’re like this, what that would feel like. He can feel Castiel’s true form streaming over him, a quiet sun in pearly blue, can feel the instant Cas loses himself to it completely, the grinding shudder, the rigid clutch of Castiel’s hands on his flanks, when the warmth spreads inward through Dean’s loins and spindles up his spine, flooding his belly, his chest, his cheeks, almost to the tips of his hair.
Cas crawls forward, eyes never leaving Dean’s face, and Dean gasps at the intent in them, the weight at his pelvis, the heat of the body all over him. He pushes the shirt off of Cas’s shoulders entirely and reveals the spidery ink blocked over his side. The Enochian seems to glide across Castiel’s skin, flickering as his ribs expand and contract. A living thing. Dean lays his fingers against it, almost afraid to touch, but in the end, it’s nothing but a sweet warmth rolling out to envelop his hand. And then it’s like he’s fixed there, tethered by a spell. The angelic letters tug at him, until Cas lays his own hand over Dean’s.
He wakes up the next morning pancaked on his stomach with his feet off the bed and the blanket tangled around his shoulders. The sticky ball is steadily changing the arm of his t-shirt blue, and he feels pretty good, considering the pasty cottonmouth he’s got going on, but he’s really not sure how he got this way.
who broke fate and the world, for him. Dean doesn’t know if his human body is capable of absorbing that kind of love. He can’t even look upon Cas’s true form without his eyes burning from their sockets, the memory too immense for his brain to hold, and he must make a noise, something alarmed, because Cas’s fingers are soothing his lips and ghosting the dip between nose and cheek.
He knows Cas can hear him now, again. The fact that he’s listening doesn’t even bother Dean. Not anymore. He’ll take it, and a million other of what he once thought of as tiny inconveniences, invasions, oversteps—They all mean Cas is here. He’ll take Cas, and all the bells and whistles.
Dean nods again, but catches Cas’s hand up and kisses the backs of his fingers. “Sorry. Sorry, I’m here with you, I swear.” It’s not even a lie. “I’m just thinking.”
“Hey.” He grabs Cas’s hands, more to keep him from drawing away as he’s suddenly sure he’s going to do. “I trust you. I trust you with my life. With Sam’s life, with… Cas, I trust you with everything. You know that.”
“Where, that big old empty spot?” he says into expectant silence, only to have a splayed palm smack down onto his sternum.
For a moment, nothing moves. Then Castiel does, another faltering step, and Dean turns toward him, jogs up the slight incline away from the water. He’s staring at Castiel like he’s seen a ghost, and his face is just… the twisting there…
His fury is incandescent. His sight clouds a thick, pulpy red, the red of heart’s blood, of the blood that he—that he has cleaned from the body of the man he—the man he—His sword manifests, as long as his torso and keen as diamond. He lunges for the Entity, and it flits away.
“Cas?” Dean struggles from beneath the weight, but he can’t turn, can’t get his limbs to behave. “Cas.”
The words, even with the blasphemy, are kind: soft as though they might curl around him. Castiel frowns a little. “As well as might be expected,” he says, feeling his way through the words. “There has been a lot to do.”
So he can’t explain why he’s breathing so fast. In, out, in, choppy and broken, no time for his lungs to fully expand or contract. He can’t explain why his chest hurts, a radiating mass shoving up from his center like food gone down the wrong pipe. He catches at the counter, but his hands slip, a dish shatters on the floor, and suddenly he’s on the floor too, knocking his elbow hard against the cupboard and then heaving into his knees, tears blurring his eyes and his vision blacking around the edges.
“Thanks,” she says at last, wiping at her eyes and smearing some of her makeup. “I really needed that.”
And then Cas grumbles about humans who think too much, rising over him in a ferocious rush of bells and scattered light to kiss him stupid and senseless, and Dean comes and comes and comes.
Cas wipes a tear from Dean’s cheek, and Dean gives up pretending it’s not there, and that there won’t be more. There are issues he needs to address, but he can’t stop looking, can’t stop half reaching.
When Cas touches him, bare fingers to bare skin, Dean jumps, full-bodied. His head lifts from the pillow, his hands clench around the bulge of triceps. His knees bend further, caging an angel.
Cas leans back a little. His eyes glow ice white and he spreads his wings against the walls of the room and—
Dean remembers that hug in the kitchen, the way Jack’s arms had seized around him so tightly. The way he’d stiffened, and Dean, too caught up in guilt, had barely tried to interpret it as anything other than relief on Jack’s part. He sighs and rubs his face, careful not to disturb Cas’s endless trek through his hair. Never really
“You know,” Cas says, and the corner of his mouth flickers, “one man’s lazing is another man’s planning.”
“Dean,” he tries again as Dean sways into him, and perhaps he is hurt somehow, even here. Castiel can find no injury to heal. “We were brothers in arms. We fought side by side. Of course you have meaning to me.”
you’? That’s formal.” He’s smiling now, his face wrinkling appealingly at the corners of his eyes and the edges of his mouth. He looks Castiel up and down, and somehow, that smile widens further. “How the hell are you, Cas?”
(Miracle’s getting pretty good at vacating the premises when things start drifting dirty. Dean’s not sure if it’s the minor angelic explosions or just a general exasperation with the constant demands of the human libido. Suffice it to say, Sam has a new cuddle buddy more nights than not, and he never lets Dean forget it.)
the righteous man. He is movement, and action. He is love and regret and profound loyalty, not this.
“And I look for those weapons but most of them are gone, and I’m so...so fucking scared, Sam. I’m terrified. Because—”
The world without God is still a hard, cruel place. There are still monsters to fight. People are people, and they still do hard, cruel things.
“You overwhelm me, Dean.” He touches Dean’s cheek, and for the space of a breath, that living darkness, the creak of unfurling wings, presses into the room once more.
Sam’s hair otherwise occupied, the comb now rests in Cas’s bare hand, and he turns it over and over under one of the warm library lights, his other hand poised on the spine of a large tome. The danger has been decreed immaterial, considering that no one has been killed by the hair in over twelve hours, and Cas still has just enough juice to see magical shit that Dean, Sam, and Claire can’t. And probably to fight off any hidden surprises, if the comb has any.
Other times, though… other times it’s a ten plagues level curse. (Incidentally, this makes the beer look even more like water.)
He likes to imagine wing after wing rising out of Cas’s back, each one different, each one quietly breathtaking, how each would change Cas, intensify him, bring forth the different colors in his eyes.
Balthazar silences him with a chop of his hands. “Yes, why are you not overjoyed? Swooning? Beside yourself? You have him now, forever! Don’t tell me you didn’t want that.”
, and Dean is sorry, okay? God, is he ever sorry. It’s like a phobia, it’s gotten to the point where Dean basically equates Cas walking out the door with Cas dying, but Cas won’t stop doing it, and then the forest happened, and Dean gets to spend at least two nights a week waking up in cold sweats, clutching his ribs with his other hand twitching around an invisible angel blade, Cas’s name still ringing in the room from when he called it out.
Castiel stood up and walked over to where Dean was. This sudden act too the hunter by surprise. He saw this look in the other's eyes that he couldn't quite make out. At this point he grabbed the hilt of the knife that was on the counter. He felt the unclean wood scratch against his uncalloused fingers. "Bigger picture my ass. The only big picture that I'm seeing is that the angels who are meant to be protectors and guardians are all dicks."
Sam and Dean walk around the outside of the church for a moment. They figured that if a woman who was being chased by demons and was hearing angels in her head would go somewhere that they thought would be safe. However, the tricky part was figuring that would be since there were thousands of churches in this populated town. It would be easier if there was anything that made the churches stand out from one another. Thankfully, there was. While they where at Anna's house- checking if she went home- they found a picture of her and her family standing in front of the church, and that was the one they where at currently.
Dean felt his stomach twist into knots, how had no one seen him in days? He must have just been lying there only a few feet away from the playground. He sighs softly and carded his fingers through his hair and dug into his scalp. "God damn it." He huffed.
Dean rolled his eyes and searches his jacket pockets and grabbed the keys for Baby and just ignored his brother for the time being. "And you can't? It's English college boy, I'd think you'd be better at reading than I am."
Hairs stand up on the back of his neck and he whips around, grabbing scissors that where on the counter. He only lowered them as he saw it was just Sam who came back from probably getting coffee or something. Sam flinched and held his hands out. "Hey! It's just me- just me." Dean watched as Sam looked to the brother's hands. "Dude, can you stop stealing my flasks?" Sam said in an annoyed yet joking tone.
He groans groggily as he felt a bit warm, his cuts stung and it was just annoying at this point. God, couldn't it just stop for one second. The hunter sighed as he stood in front of the mirror. He started scratching his cheek until- "What the fuck?" He gasped.
"No you're not. Something is up, and I want to know what! Do you or do you not remember hell?" He asks.
Soon the Winchester started his trek up and out of the forest. He had to admit, the forest was a good place to bury a body in case he decided to come back and haunt something. However, the thought made his shoulders tense. Why didn't Sammy and Bobby burn him? Why was he buried? The main to prevent someone from coming back as a vengeful spirit or something along that nature is to have the body cremated or burned like a star wars movie.
"Sam!" He said relieved, not a second passed before the brothers ingulfed each other in a hug. A tight hug. A hug that honestly hurt Dean's restored body. Dean let out a shaky breath as he relished in the warmth of his brother. They always hugged whenever they thought the other or themselves were going to die. You'd think they'd hug more often based off of that.  Slowly Sam pulled away from Dean, and sat down on the bed beside. Dean made room obviously by sitting up and hanging his legs over the side of the bed. He gave a soft chuckle before smirking as he gestured up, "Is that a hickey?" Dean asks.
"Well it's just as easy to trap a demon. It's holy fire. Grab holy oil and circle it around the angel and light it on fire. He can't step or pass through it. Do this and he'll have to tell you. I also recommend for you to do it quicker before that reaper finds your brother." Ruby warned.
Came a deep graveled voice, reminding him of... no that was just a dream- it's not this Castiel person.
That did not make this new angel happy, he turned more to face the hunter and took a step forward. The action caused Sam to take a counter step in front of his brother. His face looked confused and uncertain. The move surprised Dean, who just took a step forward to get out of his brother's protective shield.
Dean looked over at Sam, who rubbed the back of his neck as he looked down to the ground. Looking deturbed for now, as he should be. Dean just shook his head and looked back out the window, seeing that black wings yet again but this time flying away. He chuckled to himself, knowing that Castiel was probably spying on them- but forgot that for some reason Dean could always tell he was nearby. "Fine, I'll stay inside of Bobby's fence until we can figure out what the hell is wrong."
Ruby rolled her eyes and moved to the back of the room, holding her own weapon, but staying far enough back to stay safe apparently.
"Because!" Sam started, taking a moment to think of something to say. "We don't know what's wrong with you and he's not going to be any help. You suddenly being able to read languages that I don't even though is the least of our worries."
"Wow that... that is the worst sentence to come out of your mouth right now Dean." Sam says rubbing his face with his hands, not able to stop the most ludicrous scene playing out in his mind by the way his brother described a fucking
Ruby tilted her head to the side, biting her bottom lip before speaking. "Once he's healed up. His grace is certainly helping him out, so is my demonic abilities. But we are fighting for dominance. His grace is weakening me each day and I'm weakening his grace. Once one of us comes on top is when I'll leave. Once he's fully healed."
The brother looked at the other a bit skeptical, it was obvious he was nervous about something but wasn't going to say what. So, Dean just rolled his eyes and looked into the bag and started pulling out the food items. He paused for a moment and pulled out a flask, the one he had seen Sammy with earlier. "What's this?" He asked. Dean examined it for a moment, noting the patterns on the outside as well as what looked like a black or red stain that was near the lip of the flask.
Dean huffed and grabbed the bag away from him. "You scared him off! Also just because they're an angel doesn't mean he's the pope or something. Oh and by the way? There are 600 seals and only 66 need to be broken, just so you know." He said sitting down the the circular table that was provided by the motel. It also happened to be the same place where Sam left his laptop before having left.
. He immediately threw it down on the ground and stomped on it as hard as he could. "DEAN!" Sam yelled and shoved him away.
Once up the stairs Sam gently helped Dean sit down, before going over to the kitchen and making another sandwich for his brother. Dean watched him from his seat and chuckled slightly, reminding him of when they where kids. Those hunts where dad would leave and leave him and Sam to fend for themselves.
He glared, anger slowly rising his his chest and grabs Sam tightly by the shirt. "There's no other way that this could have gone down. Now tell the truth!"
"So what- you're just giving up?" Dean asked, his tone harsh as he stood up from the bed, he looked to Sam who stood up the moment he saw Dean standing. "Giving up on me? Thanks guys."
Dean rose a brow and followed the angel over, he rested his back against the wall as he watched his with curious eyes. "Was it demons?"
Dean wasn't startled, he was used to this now. He looked over on the branch that he was seeing on and saw Castiel. Trench coat and all, loose tie, sexed out hair. The hunter looked behind the angel and saw no wings. "I'm guessing this is dream, then?" He asked.
Dean bobbed his head, feeling the exhaustion pulling his body down - but he wanted - no, needed to hear this. The two probably thought he was already passed out, this was the only time he could actually get answers from the source. Also, who doesn't like some juicy drama and a fight?
"Every time one of us gets hurt... and we ask 'what do you remember', the one asking always either did something incredibly stupid or something that would break out trust, again. So which was it?" Dean says folding his arms.
"Ruby knows where Anna is, but must not feel safe to go and retrieve her. A reason why she called Sam perhaps." Dean looked over at his brother who was still oblivious to the conversation that was currently happening. He didn't need to say anything he felt, because Castiel seemed to know the next question he was going to ask. "My superior and I shall be coming in due time, and we will see each other in person. I ask that you do as we ask."
The demon walked over from where he originally came from. A giant caged door that was all and rusted. Don't let outward appearances fool, it is fucking impossible to break it as it stands now. It slowly opens. The demon greets someone. A voice that sounds familiar. One that hadn't been heard for years, yet so recognizable.
There was a rattle of the door knob, both Dean and Castiel looked over as they watched the lock come undone. Maybe a second later all Dean could see was large black weathers fill his slight for a single moment and then they were gone. Then, there was Sam who had a large brown bag with hopefully food inside of it. Yet, he was staring right at Dean. "You okay man?" He asked.
Dean rolled his eyes, he went to take another swig but looked down at the bottle and frowns slightly. How did he manage to drink the whole bottle and not feel even a little tipsy? Huh... guess this resurrected body retained a high alcohol tolerance. Now that is very interesting. "So, wanna talk about the whole 'being able to expelling demons with your mind' shit that you dropped on me right before we got our ass's handed to us by Alistair?"
"Well- essentially it's what gives angel's their powers which we still don't know exactly those are." Sam commented.
Sam sighed and rubbed the back of his neck, something that Dean has noticed he had been doing a lot lately since he came back from hell. It creeped him out to say the least. This new mannerism made him worry a lot more about Sam than about himself. "We have a theory on what might be going on with you."
The angel nodded and stood up, took a few steps back, and sat on the edge of the bed where his body was. Dean huffed and stood up from his seat, gesturing to the bed. "Same applies to the bed." He stated.
"This-" the man began, "-is your problem. You have no faith." Lightning flashes, and on Castiel's back great shadowy wings appear, stretching off into the distance. The light goes out and the image disappears.
The demon watched for a solid five seconds before releasing the human from his little science experiment. He hums in delight as Dean's head dropped down. Dean couldn't hold his head up. Electricity has always been the one thing that his body never could handle well. Been that way for years. "Now I would just like to say, I have never EVER given anyone the same option as you before they had fully become corrupted unless they were also apart of your bloodline."
The hunter took another deep breath, opening his eyes as he looked at the metal door. He's been feeling more on edge for awhile now- but he thought that was because of the torturing. However, looking out that window, he knew it must've been something else. He saw a ginger red haired girl outside. Was that Anna? He'll check in a little bit, he had to finish this first. "No. I don't think you are lying. But even
Dean looked over to his brother, his heart broke for the other. Sammy's face just seemed so broken and torn. As if he was going to cry from how his perspective on everything he knew- changed. It reminded him back to their old case. Where the preacher who was a vengeful ghost posed as being an angel of the lord, and Sam truly wanted to believe it was an angel. His soul seemed to shatter then like it was now.
Dean glared, now knowing that the angel knew something. Yeah, before it was all speculation, but Castiel was not the best liar as it turns out. You'd think living on earth would have taught him on how to. "You know exactly what I'm talking about. I know you've been spying on us, and you said in the first place for me to keep rested and to eat. You just didn't specify on how much on either of those fronts."
"Or what? Who's going to stop us? You two- or this demon whore?" Uriel stated. He lifted his hand and Ruby was thrown against the wall, that was enough for Sam to lift his knife and lunge forward at Uriel. A quick dodge sent Sam out of range, but he got back up and continued his assault on the angel.
Sam rubbed the back of his neck, great. Now Dean might be able to figure out what he was planning. But, he couldn't go back. He just needed to finish the interrogation and he can help Dean. With or without his consent. He won't remember in the morning anyways. "Look- just tell me what is wrong with him."
Dean paused at the thought, realizing that he was on the bed like before, shaking his head slightly to get rid of the memory he was about to think of. Yet, the more you don't want to think of something, the harder it is to not think about it. He laid his head in the pillow and covered his body up with the blanket, using it as a sort of muffle for his ears. He really didn't want to think about it, please don't make him think about it... please god - don't make him.
“Oh, I know I can be,” Dean bites out. That’s the problem, really. He can’t unknow it anymore. The other presence hangs behind him, and abruptly he feels the familiar heat of a body at his back The scent he has tried in vain to recall every night since the basement clogs his throat.
“Yeah, so am I.” Dean doesn’t look at him, though. Dean is shaking his head, his face set in grim lines.
“Oh. Then that.” Cas crawls around the dying fire, falls beside him in a heap and a sigh, lifting one arm for Dean to sight along into the heavens. The stars are fierce, sickle-white and blade-blue, and there are
“You know, Indra was my protégé?” Cas says thoughtfully, fingers still tracing along Dean’s scalp. “For many centuries.”
“Hey, I’m calling Cas, maybe he has some ideas.” Asshole needs to come back anyway. He’s been gone for a good long while now—two weeks, not that anyone’s been counting, and before that, another week away—and Dean’s had it up to here with that noise. Cas is the one who instituted this lockdown, and yeah, sure, it was the smart thing to do, considering what happened, but it’s been over a month now and Dean’s done with it if Cas isn’t even going to stay and suffer through it with him. He scrabbles for his phone on the bedside shelf and knocks it and his hairbrush onto the floor. Cursing, he leans over the edge of the bed, then stops, staring. “Sam.”
This construct is shaking, violently, shuddering under Castiel’s careful grip. Castiel sniffs the air and finds the scent he remembers, all sun and sore silence, piney with the pleasance of cream and the bitter hint of grease, gun oil, earthly aromas that Dean’s soul has brought with him to this place of repose.
They go to bed and it’s there, and then they wake up in the morning, and the hair is gone, like it never was.
“Right. Okay, so.” Dean rubs his face again. It’s way too early for this. Or late. He wishes there were windows. And then there it is, the excuse he’s been looking for all freaking week:
And Dean thinks: For all that Cas stares into the sun, he never looks at the sun the way he looks at Dean.
Balthazar walks behind Castiel as they move through the as-yet-unwoven space of Heaven, as Castiel strings filament and atom into long, lush chains of inert matter, matter which Balthazar then crouches beside to touch, to coax into blooming life: spirals and dodecahedrons multiplying infinitely into pinpricks, into buds, into twisting, towering landscapes ready for the eternal inhabitation of souls. The sounds of grinding and cracking, creaking and groaning, wood straining behind him as it stretches skyward, Castiel reaches again into the pool of possibility and pulls from it: breath.
But Sam, ever unflappable when Dean most wants to flap him, just shrugs. “It wasn’t an exact science. I just… wanted you guys to work it out, I guess.”
Sam hasn’t come in. Sam’s hair, on the other hand, never left. Dean’s still half naked, but the hair is kind of freakishly warm. Soft and comfortable, like a nice robe.
“Sensitive to what? Air currents?” The dainty spoon pings on the side of her—what even is that, a china cup? “I mean, they
“You do not touch enchanted things,” Cas growls, stalking around the table into Dean’s space, kicking hair out of the way as he comes. “Especially down here.”
Cas shakes his head. “I’m fine.” It sounds like half a question. It sounds bewildered. Dean clears his throat.
Logically—But the holes are everywhere now, black spaces gnawing at his memory. He is acutely aware of Dean breathing beside him, the rise and fall of his back, the way his chest expands, the heat exuding from the body he wears, the way the clothing drapes around him and the way his hands will not stop moving. First the rocks, then the pole, then his jeans and the sand, now the clench of them atop his knees, trying so unsuccessfully to
“I’m, uh.” He shifts on the bed, feeling Cas curl against him, mouthing intently at his jaw. It’s that nuzzle Dean’s whole body knows, the one that always leads to higher planes of enlightenment. “Got a headache. I think.”
Uriel walked slowly up to Dean, staying quiet before standing directly in front of the hunter. "I think I'll go seek revelation. We might have some further orders."
She nodded and left her body. The black gas like soul sprung from her mouth and infected Dean's body. Dean arched up from the bed, his hands gripping onto the bedrails and eyes wide as they smoke filled his every poor. His heart monitor was going crazy, so much so that it had alerted the medical staff. By the time they walked in, the smoke was gone and all they saw was a ruined room and Dean's body still laying on the bed and Sam with a scalpel in his hand.
"Dude, I'm fucking starving." Dean waited for the ropes to be undone, however, once the support was gone to keep him up - he almost fell out of his seat, Bobby luckily caught him and helped him stay propped up in his seat.
The hunter watched as Bobby and Sam exchanged looked, Dean already has the sigh waiting in his chest as he could've guessed what they were going to say. "Afraid not, son. Once a seal is broken, it can't be replaced."
Dean yanked his wrist away from the other, rubbing the scarred skin in the process. "It has nothing to do with hell!" He huffed. "I'm not lying, I don't know what's going on with me and that's it."
The two look at each other again, and eventually, Sam relents. "He does seem to have it together Bobby."
The silence was deadly. Neither of the brothers liked the silence. Dean needed to get out of this situation and get some sort of sound into the place. How could he do it though?
So that's what he did. Eventually he opened his eyes, remembering he was in the bathroom and immediately turned off the water and got out. Thankfully they have been to Bobby's so often covered in blood or gunk that they always had some spare clothes. So he grabbed a white tank top, plaid flannel shirt and some jeans. He did have a jacket he could put on, but he knew that Bobby wanted him to sleep- and he would come and check up on him- so he had to at least try. He was tired anyways.
The doc didn't beat around the bush. "You brother's body is extremely malnourished. Although it appears that he is eating, he isn't getting what he needs. You said this happened while on a hunting trip? How often do you hunt?"
Eventually Sam had his fill and did what Ruby had suggested earlier by putting demon blood into an alcohol bottle. Of course it will dilute, but the important thing is that he was getting in the blood in the first place. So Sam grabbed a bowl and made Ruby clench her fist to get more liquid out and as quickly as possible. They were able to fill a whole bottle and the younger brother hid it away so Dean wouldn't find it. So he hid it in the impala next to where Ruby's former body was hidden.
Dean rubbed his scarred wrist from where Castiel had grabbed him moments earlier, it started to buzz and burn. He moved his flannel cuff quickly, and held it back as he looked at his skin. The burn was glowing slightly and the burning only started to get worst. Uriel walked closer, only being inches in front of the hunter. Without a comment he grabbed his wrist and pulled it to him. The burning got worst, stinging with a sharp stab, and Dean let out a small yell as he collapsed to his knees, letting out a sharp hiss. "I can make you do whatever I want, boy. If it means burning the very thing holding you together, then so be it."
"Fantastic, so you went from a manual to an automatic." He huffed. "There's got to be more, because if you can go from seeing the future all the way to choking out a demon, there has GOT to be something else."
"Because..." Sam started. "He hasn't faced a demon like Alistair before. He's very powerful according to Ruby and I wanted to make sure he was safe."
Both Ruby and Sam paused, even when they knew some sort of demon was on their trail. "Ruby, is this possible?" Sam asked.
Dean took the needle and traced it along Alistair's cheek, before gouging it right into his eye, causing the demon to scream out in agony and struggle against the chains. "Every line that I draw, I will ask for a name. Each line of which I don't get a name, adds another one." And he was not bluffing.
It took a small bit of time to catch his breathe. A hand going against his chest as he heard thunder roaring outside from the freak storm, thank goodness he got inside. Dean looked around and bit his bottom lip. The store must've been abandoned for awhile by the way things looked, yet there was still bars of food, cans, chips, and bottles in the fridge units although there was no electricity. That didn't matter, water was water, and he was thirsty. He walks over to the fridge and pulls out five water bottles, and starts chugging them. God, how long has it been since he had liquid going down his throat? The dryness of his tongue seemed to only get worst from the more he drank.
Once the thought came, it opened the dam of everything that happened while in hell. Dean's chest began to tighten as he sucked in deep hissing breaths. He looked around, even though he knew no one was there with him, before wrapping his arms around his head and letting out a shaky breath. He needed to get out of here, the longer he was left alone- the more he felt his heart aching and his brain tearing him up inside- this aching inside seemed to amplify. He needed to find Sam.
Ruby ducked behind Sam, trying to protect herself from all the objects being thrown. However, Sam was busy. He quickly moved Dean's shirt out of the way and started carving out the anti-possession symbol. The heart monitor sky rocketed and so did the respiration rate. This only seemed to make Dean's soul more angry.
Dean's eyes flip back over to the glowing blue, his facial features change slightly. The smallest mannerisms to give it away.
The brothers follow inside and Sam made sure to close the door behind them. Again, Dean was expecting different. Instead of crystals and magic stone balls, the top of the home looks like any other house he's been into. Honestly, the lay out reminded him of their other physic friend Missouri. They should go say hi to her, it's been awhile.
Ruby watched in silence and hummed slightly as she watched the human guzzle away. She didn't think he would take as much as he did, but when one is addicted to something- it seems that they need to consume quite a bit to satisfy their hunger.
"What? No- yeah yeah I'm fine. Don't worry about me, I'm in a park. Do you remember that place Bobby used to take us to? That's where I am."
Sam put a hand against his neck where his brother gestured, and his face flushed pink and the tips of his ears went red. "Had to pass the time somehow." He chuckled and looked down, shaking his head. "I can't believe you're alive man." The young Winchester let out a relieved sigh, not really know what else to say.
The coldness of the night nipped at his nose and ears, his body shivering as he looked around after having walked for a few miles. Dean looked up at the sky and gulped as he saw large grey clouds blocking any guiding light from the moon.
"Of course you aren't, and I'm the Pope." Bobby said taking a step away. He walked over to a desk table and looked over the instruments.
The angel nodded, his gaze looking out over the scene that Dean had been enjoying for the past few minutes. Hell, maybe an hour depending on how long he's been asleep for. Time in dreams is funny like that. "You prayed for peace and a night where you didn't have to worry about anything. I decided that giving you an old memory when you did feel at peace would be the best option."
The next morning, another Sunday, he gets up carefully, leaving Cas dead to the world on their day of
“What was it, exactly, that tipped you off?” The Djinn comes closer, squinting into the soft and heavy sunlight of pretend paradise. “I was about to give you love, too.”
“You are loved,” Cas says, simple. “Sam loves you, and I love you. Eileen, Donna, Jody and Claire. Your friends from New Mexico. Jack loves you.”
“So what you’re saying is.” He stops, and Cas rolls his eyes and hauls him in so tightly that their knees knock and their chests fight for the space to expand, and oh yes, things are
Dean didn't really have time to comment though before Sam came rushing into the house, downing a flask and shoving his phone into his pocket. He rubbed a hand down his face as he paced back and forth in the open door before closing it behind him and walking into the room. His clothes seemed to be untucked, something only Sam did when he was frustrated or anxious. "What- Oprah said 'no' to the interview?" Dean asked, slipping on his flannel so it would marked wrists.
The doctor gave a nod before walking back over to the door. "There is a grief counselor that will be here in a few hours just in case." He stated before leaving the room.
Maybe only a few minutes later, Dean is covered in blood that this time was not his own. His head busted and body covered in marks that are almost near life threatening all the while Alistair held him by his shirt collar and punches him repeatedly against the cold hard cement, Dean's eyes slowly becoming blurry. Only to then have Alistair drop him and pick him up by the throat and shove him up against the hexacle, lifting his feet off the floor which made Dean start to choke, his hands going to his throat and clawing at the demons hand. "You got a lot to learn, boy. So I'll see you back in class bright and early Monday morning."
The hunter didn't look away from Uriel, but he acknowledged what his companion said. "Yeah, well, he's like a black belt in torture. I mean, you guys are out of your league."
Who else would it have been besides the angel himself kneeling in front of him. The distance was so close, that Dean could feel the other's warm breath flickering against his skin. The other was in his trench coat as normal, but his gorgeous black wings sparkled. They extended up high and proud, so close to touching the ceiling. "Cas, we've talked about this. Personal space." Dean stated, slowly sitting back in his chair.
Sam nodded, letting out a sigh as he carded his fingers through his locks of hair. "Yeah-" he chuckled darkly, "I was going to die but Ruby... she appeared out of nowhere and saved me. I couldn't thank her enough."
"Dean! Stop!" He yelled looking around and grabbing a scalpel that had fallen to the floor when the tray was thrown. "This is for the best. Besides, you won't even remember it when you wake up." Sam says before walking over to Dean's body only as more things began to be thrown.
"Dean, you did everything you could..." Sam suddenly spoke, his hand gripping Dean's shoulder tightly yet still comforting. "You held out longer than most."
Dean grabbed at the knife in his belt before being thrown against the wall, falling to the ground. He looked up just as his arm was pinned to the floor by Uriel's foot. "Fuck-!" He swore as he felt something snap in his wrist.
Sam let out a deep breath and sits down beside her, why was she not understanding how important this was to him. He hands where in fists as he tried to speak again. "I don't
The oldest had his mouth slightly agape at the simplicity and vague concept of that answer before shaking his head. "So you're telling me, you have no fucking clue on what to do? Well that's just perfect."
Dean was slightly confused, not completely sure on what he said to cause two polar reactions out of the two individuals standing there, before he gets it. "Ugh, gross man! You know I didn't mean it like that, you're such a perv."
Sam nodded standing up now and reaching his hand down to Dean, which Dean took thankfully. As he stood, he did stumble a bit but Sam was right there to catch him just in case. "Okay, well ah- good, nothing else happened so there's that at least."
It was a long while until Dean actually woke up by himself. It was probably a week that Ruby was possessing him letting the grace inside of him work, but he didn't know that. He didn't know that a demon was still currently possessing him and allowing him to take control of his own limbs. He was still in the hospital, bright lights and beeping machines filled his senses again.
"Don't think I will, but you can eat something else." Dean smirked, grabbing the demons chin and shoveling salt down Alistair's throat while he tried to scream and only to be muffled by the salt and the burns. But, Dean was a man of his word, so he had to stand by it. Another slice cut right across the Demon's precious eye.
The angel nodded. "It's what gives Angel's their powers. It is very strong. I ripped part of mine out and gave it to Dean. It took a long time for his soul to be salvaged and brought to earth. I gave it to him a week before I raised him back up."
"That's- that's not what I meant." He said looking away from Dean, and taking a few steps away and walking over to the cupboard that where in the room and picking up a syringe from off of a sterile plate. "Uriel is dead." He explained.
Alistair laughed loudly, "Deano! Do you really think this is gonna fix you? Give you closure? That is sad. That's really sad. Sad, sad." He repeats the words, only letting his voice keep going higher and higher in pitch. Which only made Dean roll his eyes, grabbing a needle and twirling it in his fingers. "I carved you into a new animal, Dean. There is no going back."
Sam let out a small gasp as he tilted his head. "You said the last time you spoke to him, he said it was 19."
Dean rolled his eyes. "What makes you think I will just stay here and not trail you guys once I know you are far enough away?"
Sam nodded, looking back at his brother. Dean could feel the worry and empathy leaking off of his brother through this stare, but he knew that there was some intrigue there as well. "Yes, I did."
The angel looked away momentarily, his hand holding Dean's with a tighter grip. "Everything that is happening to you... you will be okay, you just need to find out how to control and handle it and you can use it to your advantage."
The sounds started to pick up as he looked and saw more of these ice balls raining from the sky, and Dean took off running the opposite direction. If this was real life, which it really damn felt like it, then he knew that if a single one of these hail balls hit his head- back to the pit he'd go. Using his arms as a sort of helmet, he ran as hard as he could- trying to find some sort shelter.
Sam pulled out some holy water from his pocket, while clenching the Demon knife in his other hand. However, Ruby puts a hand on his shoulder, grabbing him tightly. "No, Sam, you got to pull him right away."
He was never good at resisting orders like that. He could think about the thousands of times an authority figure had told him to do something and with a tone like that he would do it as long as it meant he nor Sammy would get hurt if he listened. He was always a good soldier, did whatever he was asked by his...
"No, she took Anna to keep her safe. Because that demon is probably watching us right now, waiting to follow us right back to Anna again. That's why he let us go."
"I can still smell them in here, I'm really not looking forward into intermingling with angels again Sam. Remember what happened last time?" Ruby asked as she was let in the front door to Bobby's home. A move that Bobby did not approve of.
Dean's eyes were different. No pupils, not light glowing, they where glossed over with a blue cover and were apparently glowing bright enough that Sam and Bobby could see them from across the room.
His breathing spiked. Screams filled his ears, and photos of meat hooks and chains plagued his vision. The souls of the damned being ripped to shreds. The pathetic excuses of human beings being skinned and burned all at once. Demonic faces of their true-selves was branded into his eyes. Dean shook slightly as different scenes filled his senses, having to close his eyes tightly and shaking his head to try and rid the visions. He could handle the other visions, but these memories... no- no he can't think about them. Just go away! He winced slightly, his breathing slowly managed at what he remembered his mom teaching him while he was young.
The angel glared down at Dean before looking down at his chest. He slowly grabbed the knife and pulled it out easily. There was no blood on the weapon, even though Dean knew that was a silver knife. Dean gulped slightly, he didn't even know how to kill an angel - now he just made one mad. "You should show me some respect. I dragged you out of Hell. I can throw you back in." The angel threatened.
"Here's the thing Sam-" Dean says now slowly standing up, his body still aching. It must've showed, because Sam stood up at the same time and his feet planted, as if he was expecting Dean to fall. "Don't you think that if angels were real, that some hunter somewhere would have seen one... at some point... ever?"
Sam grabbed the wall and pulled himself back up, trying to regain his balance. "Ruby! What's going on!?" He yelled.
Sam was watching nearby, his arms folded as he was leaning against the stairs, not able to watch what was going on. Dean couldn't blame him. He knew the other thought he was being possessed by something that wasn't him. Yet, Dean didn't know how to prove it was him though.
His eyes widened at what the other said. "600!? 600 and only 66 need to be broken? That's ridiculous. At least they are difficult to break, that'll give us some time." Dean cards his fingers through his hair, how did Sam and Bobby not know that? Or did they know and just decide not to tell him? "How many are broken." He mumbled.
Ruby smirked and took a few steps back and walked around the basement area, humming in thought. Eventually she stopped. "I know a spell to call an angel, also it's not that hard to trap an angel."
Dean ran a hand through his hair as he started making his way back up to his hospital room and bed. This better not end up as it did last time. He doesn't need Sammy selling his soul to save him from utter destruction. Also this time, Dean knew what to do. He just needed to avoid whatever reaper is sucking the souls out of this place until his body can heal on it's own. He's been healing himself all the time lately, by accident with no real control, so his body should be in great shape right?
Cass looked at Dean, his expression gave off an expectant look - well, as expectant one could look when they have and almost blank expression. "19."
There was a long moment of pause before he spoke up, the silence- Dean did not appreciate. "You've been missing for days... and I wanted to find you, but there was no way of figuring out where you went. So... while I waited, I finished things up with Anna."
Sam gasped slightly and put the knife down, his eyes lit slightly and Dean mentally groaned. Great, now his brother was going to go all fan boy on the angels. Just his luck. Dean turned back around and finally saw the other person who walked in. His skin was black and he wore a suit, similar to Castiel, but this man was lacking the trench coat. However, the biggest different was the other's wings. This new angel had a wider wing span, he could tell even with them slacking behind his frame. The wings looked brown, yet faded into a soft orange color. Reminded him of a hawk. "Him I don't know." Dean added, standing back at his brother.
Yeah, that never went well and Dean would fake most of the naps he took. He was rested, it was only really that first day he was falling over due to the lack of sleep. He would stay awake and listen to his brother's conversations with Bobby, as well as the secret phone calls that were being made to that demon Ruby. He still didn't trust her with anything. The first two of those days, Dean couldn't stop eating. Yet, he got to a point where he could stop. He felt satisfied even thought he was craving more. Yet, he knew if he kept eating so much they wouldn't let him out on any cases until he stopped munching down so hard.
"Bobby-" Dean said putting a hand against his face, which only resulted in a small shout and hiss. Yeah, he forgot, Bobby was the one with the needle in his hands.
"Its name. It's whispering to me, warning me to turn back." She began the chant yet again, only this time, the table started rattling and it made Dean worry. "I conjure and command you, show me your face. I conjure and command you, show me your face. I conjure and command you, show me your face. I conjure and command you, show me your face!" She repeats yet again.
Dean couldn't blame her, it probably would've sounded crazy to anyone else but them. "Like- right now?"
Ruby gave a small smile as she strokes the hunters hair. "It's okay, Sam." She said while developing a smirk across her face.
Dean nodded, giving a small 'hmm' noise. "Wow, that's lucky. I wish I didn't have to sleep. Then again, I guess that way we wouldn't be able to talk to each other if I didn't have to."
Dean gets down the stairs and into the living room where the couch was, it also had a decent view of Bobby's study so he could still be comfortable and listen to the conversations. So, he just plops down on the soda with his feet hanging over the edge as he laid down. Letting out a content sigh.
Slowly he sits up, his fingers pinching the bridge of his nose between his eyes. His hands get placed beside him as he slowly began to stand up. Yet, before he could he paused.
So currently, he flopped down on the bed and went to sleep, telling Sam that he would wake up in like four hours and then they could talk. However... there were other plans.
"What is that Stain doing in here?" The angel, now known as Uriel asked, his glare going over to Ruby, who Dean kinda forgot at this point was still there.
"When was the last time you spoke to him? We both agreed that we shouldn't talk to them because they were dicks."
Dean shook his head and raised a bottle to his lips, nursing on it's contents with a small shrug. "Should have guessed. Haven't felt this relaxed in years."
Ruby glared, her fists tightening. Dean's eyes changed from the glowing blue over to black, which made Sam's eyes widen. He never thought he would ever see his brother with black eyes... "What makes you think the grace will stop when he's in control? You haven't even told him what this is!"
"Mmm, maybe." Dean gave a little smirk, and while her back was turned - looks over at Sam and makes a gesture with his hand and tongue - mimicking a blow job movement. Sam let out a mute laugh, a hand covering his mouth. Dean eventually stops and gave Pamela the last candle.
"Yeah, yeah I know- I'll pop it back in once I'm done here." He glanced over and grabbed the whiskey from the others hand, "Gimme that." Sam mumbled and undid the cap before being careful and drenching his wound with the stuff, causing the youngest to hiss slightly.
"Has she helped STOP a seal from being broken!?" Dean shouted, only pausing to take a swig of his beer, wiping his mouth off with his sleeve jacket.
"You've been doing this demon physic thing behind my back!?" Dean yells, raising his gun as he heard large thumps from the base of the church.
Scratch that thought, this man was about to become Angel road-kill if he kept that attitude up. "First off, it's one of the quickest ways to get from road A to road B. Secondly, you're riding in it wrong." Dean adjusted himself slightly, turning so his knees where on the seat below him. He leans over the chair and shoved Castiel against the back of the seat. Castiel's ears turned a slight pink, Dean chalked it up to the temperature in the car. "See? Just lay back and relax, sitting on the edge just gets you all bothered. Also if you laid with your back against the seat, it's a great way to take a nap in."
There was a long moment and nothing happened, Sam was going to ask another question but the lights flickered back on. "I'm going to take that and say that it means that you trust me."
The oldest continued. "If you knew it was a good thing to do, why did you stop doing it once I got back? When I told you I didn't want you going down this road before I died, I meant it."
"So what else is going on with him? What is causing the glowing eyes, him seeing Demons true faces, super healing, and everything else?"
Dean started picking at his nails. Castiel must know more than what he is letting on at this point. He had to be. Of course he had to. He was the one who raised him from hell and said for him to eat and rest. He was the one angel that he actually knew and felt like he could trust. There had to be something else, something more for him to know. He needed the other to tell him... he needed to know the truth. Because something is wrong. He can feel it inside of him, he feels new, every emotion was worst, these new abilities? The lore says that damned souls could be raised, but didn't mention these side affects.
Dean looked up, eyes widening as he saw a figure stand in the door way. Black eyes was all he could see, but the eyes were undeniable. "Dad?"
His eyes widen as he tried to stand up, but he quickly fell back down, hissing softly as he put a hand to his forehead and took a slow breath. Guess he hadn't gotten his sea legs back quite yet. "A day? There's no fucking way."
Dean glared, but stayed quiet. He needed his vision to not be blurry if he was actually going to do something about this situation. May the gates of hell has a side door? He could crawl through that if he needed to. This made the demon smile, the edges of his lips spread in an unnaturally wide and slim smile. Just like the joker from batman. Dean would KILL to watch any Batman movie right now to not endure this torture. Well... not KILL but pretty close.
Dean quickly reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out his phone. Twenty missed phone calls, forty texts, and lots of voice mails. Oh shit, they were spaced out over days! Great... he took a deep breath and hit play and rose the phone to his ear.
The door flung open, the brothers and the Demon stood ready. Only one of them relaxed as two personages walked in. The first, being Castiel. Dean's shoulders relaxed slightly, but saw Sam move. "Sam, Sam wait!" He said quickly and put himself in between his brother and his apparent angel. "It's Castiel, the angel." He guessed that since the other's wings were black his brother could mistaken him for a demon. Even though demons didn't have wings like that...
Dean, however, didn't have that much of an affect.. It was more of a nuisance then anything else, but right now he was afraid. "
Sam rolled his eyes, it was obvious in his body posture on how much he was contemplating just how bad it was without his brother. If it was really that bad. "Yeah, saving your ass. Who the hell was that demon?"
Dean chuckled and rolled his eyes. "Anyways, that's not fair. He was still nimble like a little sprite back then. Also, he's gained a foot and more since then. It was still a fair fight."
His eyes slowly started to glow, the mirror reflecting that light that came. This hasn't happened since Pamela's, but Dean didn't care. The feeling in his chest and the aching in his head only allowed it to compel more. "Fuck him!" Dean yelled, his fist smashing against the mirror.
“Guys, relax,” Sam says, having retrieved the comb out of Cas’s pocket as he swept by, and now running it contentedly through his mane again. “I checked it for curses, hexes, all that stuff like in Rowena’s books. I think it’s here to help.”
It’s cresting again, this wave he thought had flushed out, and there’s no stopping it. He lets his shoulders shake, lets himself cry again. Lets himself feel bad for not feeling bad, for meaning every inch of it and hating himself anyway. Cas comes around the table, sits beside him, and doesn’t interrupt.
“Dean, I know better than to accidentally cast an ancient spell, come on.” Sam rolls his eyes and slumps further into himself. “I just, you know. Took a shower. Brushed my teeth. Read for a minute, then fell asleep.”
When he looks back from the doorway, he finds Cas’s gaze fixed on his torso, and not in the way he’s been low-key craving for years.
Castiel had words ready, but now he can’t speak any of them. If he tries, he’ll burst apart, all his faults and regrets spilling free in whatever order they come.
Sam stares nonplussed at the black markered ♥Sammy♥ that Dean so thoughtfully penned onto the side without the seam. “Are you kidding me?”
But he is distracted, in the car on the way to the store, cleaning the guns from the locker, trying to engage with Sam’s idle chitchat about whatever case he might be onto in Montana or Illinois or New Hampshire. Today, it’s staring distantly into space while the pot of fresh coffee grows cold on the counter in front of him, cursing himself for even thinking of approaching another angel about this kind of thing—they might be on okay terms but fuck him if Dean ever gives any dick with wings some sort of leverage they can use against Castiel later—drafting a speech to tempt Rowena into somehow helping him find or fashion some kind of spell that would, shit, he doesn’t know, give him the ability to telekinetically give pleasure the way Cas gives it, but you know, without giving
He gasps, keeling over as the scene plays again and again, as his voice repeats, as the words themselves mist away, as Dean breaks in front of him, again, again,
Dean nods. Claire, having lost her parents as a result of his family’s overall shenanigans, is the only person he’ll let talk about it with such flippancy. He knows it’s a front. It’s same front as his front. “When I was four.”
He doesn’t know what he might have said then. It almost certainly wouldn’t have been what Cas needed to hear. But the point is, he hadn’t let himself think. He thinks now, cheeks flaming under Cas’s caress, about the sheer heat of what they’ve just done, the space they inhabited together and all the unseen between. His own body full of light, Cas’s wings spanning the dark. The enormity of really looking at Castiel, with open eyes.
Cas’s thumb moves over his cheek again, and Dean gives up, turns his bound hand and grips Cas’s fingers tightly. Cas glances down at their hands in surprise. Dean leans forward into his space, and when Cas looks up, he is right there.
Cas stares at him, so much asked in one look. The room surges at Cas’s back, the heaviness of thousands of years waiting to fall. Dean feels slight and insignificant, and most of all, unable to give a coherent answer.
A face appears out of the gloom, rooted in fluidic threads, and it is not his face, nor Meg’s, nor Duma’s, nor any face he expects.
No. No, this shit is only back if he lets it in, Dean decides, clenching his jaw until it hurts. And he is not fucking doing that, not today. He’s alive, his brother is alive, and he has Cas back against all insane odds. They’re home. He was happy. He
The assault is completely unexpected, wrenching at the ground beneath his feet. Jack. Jack is… To him, Jack means…
percent. It all just clicked home. It’s like this place finally became...” His gaze moves sightlessly across the water and he squeezes at the air with both hands. “What it was supposed to be.”
Suddenly a horrible truth strikes Dean, sending his heart half up his throat, because she’s an angel and not the one that actually gives a shit whether he wants her in his head or not.
He knows, and it makes the hell worse. He wouldn’t have answered. He hadn’t answered, had he? All had been confusion, a ridiculous, muddled, impossible bewilderment, all he’d thought was haze and sharp light, Cas’s words as they kept coming, the fucking end as it raced closer and closer, the sting of compliments he had long since accepted would never apply to him, and
When Cas is kissing his mouth with that searching devotion he has, Dean’s mind is on all the ways he has so absently kissed Cas’s feathers. When Cas is on his front, shuddering and reaching back to grip Dean’s hip with trembling fingers, all Dean is aware of is the tender brush of feathers against his face and flanks. When he’s curled between Dean’s thighs, cradling Dean to him, thrusting inside Dean with precise, painstaking, just-rough-enough force, when Dean’s hands are splayed to the sides and gripping hard enough to the shelf behind him that it
It comes like an afterthought, a phantom etched by all his nights of deliberation: gender never mattered here, bodies don’t matter. All that matters is Cas, and the light steadily streaming into Dean’s soul again, so bright and hot it could light up his fingers and lance from his toes.
The loss is the hell. The silence that sat in his own throat as it all slid away from him. He is Dean Winchester, fatalistic and walled in, and his own fiercest guard dog—sometimes his own fiercest enemy.
“I know parts of me aren’t coming back,” he says, and places his other hand over their joined fingers. “I know parts of you aren’t either. That’s just the way this works. But the me that’s here now, and the you that’s here… Cas, we know each other. We make each other better, and that’s, that’s what I want now. I want to be better, for me and for you. That’s the me I want.”
and maybe that day, it was true, but now, now and probably ever since the instant the Empty swallowed him up… Dean forces down the grief and strokes Cas’s hair back from his face. “Can’t give you what’s already yours.”
“I still don’t get it sometimes. All I see is me. The me that I know, anyway. I try to see the me you saw. I try a little every day, and some days… Some days I see you. Very differently.”
As suddenly as it began, it is over: Jack shuts his eyes and draws a deep breath. The air cools. Heaven is just as it always had been: slumbering. Peaceful.
“Like you’re gonna find a Hand of God just sitting back here in the guts of the bunker.” See, this, this is why it’s not a good idea to pen Winchesters up in one place for extended periods of time. Dean goes stir crazy the normal way, with temper tantrums and dirty dishes everywhere and underwear worn for three days straight, but Sam, no,
Dean chokes on a laugh, at so many words that are so small they can never contain the magnitude of their meaning. He struggles with the blankets, but they’ve snaked themselves around his feet, and it’s ages before he gets free. Cas remains where he is, heedless of Dean’s bare legs now over the side of the bed. Dean half reaches, then stops, doesn’t know what to do with himself.
And Castiel stares, eyes wide, transfixed by a tragedy, watching himself speak words he cannot recall ever even thinking. Even as he hears them, even as they pound fissures through his heart, they evaporate from memory.
Some part of him—a dumbass part, he now realizes—had hoped to be rid of this darkness. For Cas’s return to have filled all the black holes in his heart, for all his quietly suppurating wounds to close themselves up for good. But he still remembers Hell, and he still remembers dying; he remembers the Mark eating into his forearm and Michael bashing his skull to smithereens from the inside, and he still remembers the knives that stuck between his ribs with every loss of every family member and friend. He remembers hanging on by his fingernails, drowning in alcohol and in making evil things bleed.
You gave me back my self. No one, not even Sam, was ever able to do that.” His voice breaks. “I need you. I miss you so damn much. I don’t want you in my Heaven anymore, I want it to be our Heaven, and I love you. I love you, too.”
“I don’t…” Cas’s mouth falls slack, as though words have failed him. It’s the dilation of his pupils that spurs Dean forward, that brings his own hand up, that has him tilting Cas’s chin, and meeting their mouths.
“You are uninvited, from everything. Christmas and Fourth of July and, and you should know, Alex makes the best pies, Dean! The best.”)
It’s a painful memory for Dean, adding a rigidity to his stature that Castiel would rather see gone. Dean Winchester has looked, felt, calm here. At peace. But he struggles with this, whatever is coming.
cuts, under the ribs, and tears spring to Dean’s eyes. He will never, ever heal this wound. It’s beyond infected, crushed down inside his chest where his heart is still determined to beat, and for an endless, hellish second, pretend paradise fades, and all he can do is stare into the dark of an empty basement at an empty space slightly off center of an empty devil’s trap, and scream the name he will never be able to say again with any degree of calm.
“Dean, have you ever…” He lets the sentence hang, and for a wild moment, Dean could end it with anything, anything at all, and be surprised at the answer.
“I feel bad,” Jack says, appearing hunched in a kitchen chair with no fanfare at all. Dean, in his robe, manages not to drop his coffee at the sudden arrival. Jack gazes at the other mug, the one that never made it away from its home by the toaster, the one into which hot coffee was poured but rarely drunk, the one with a cracked silver wing for a handle.
It looks like it’s analyzing him now, wide and gleeful at a dead frog on a high school lab table. Dean wants to tire iron its skull in.
Dean likes talking to Cas, lying beside him on the bed with the lamp on, lips twitching as he tells Cas every lame joke he knows, dad jokes and lightbulb jokes and yo mama jokes, until Cas is curled into his side and trying to make his endless
“Whoa, okay. Yeah, I get it, my turn to talk. That’s fair. More than fair. Look, I just wanted you to know.” Dean stops and takes a breath. Looks at the ground. “What you said. What you told me. You know, when the Empty took you.”
“Nothing,” Dean says, too quick, but Cas has never caught him so deep in mid-thought about the very issue he’s trying to hide, and he knows instantly that it’s not gonna fly.
Silky, spiced, the color of tiger eye. Tastes like sin. He’s sure as hell not sharing it with Sam or Eileen or anyone.
And then an image. No, a sequence, a moment sliced from time in the darkness of a basement Castiel knows.
The space calms around them, and even though Cas has never been in Dean’s bedroom quite like this, the place finally feels full.
Theoretically, if more wings make for more fun and bigger, better, longer angelgasms, then just say Castiel once had wing sex with an angel like that?
Dean closes the bunker’s door on an orange and purple twilight. It’s warm inside, and still, the only sounds Sam’s footsteps as he trudges down the stairs and the slurp of the milkshake they picked up after… after. Dean feels loosened and flat, a blank palette waiting for the first smears of paint.
“We have no idea what sort of additional enchantments might be in this,” Cas growls, shaking the comb at Dean. “It could be layered wood, or a different kind of core with internal spells held in check by what’s on the outside. Magic is an extremely exacting and meticulous art.”
“I love you.” It’s clogged with the mess in his nose and lodged behind his eyes. He’s had sixty-eight days and nineteen hours to turn it over and smooth its edges, to dig under it to the foundation below the rest. Bodies, breaths and lips and hands and sweat, it all pales in the face of the soul-deep understanding. “You
Impact. Shrieks, roars, a wet tearing noise, all in a second. The smell squeezes Dean’s stomach, his throat, his spine, and the air is so
“You didn’t just have a hand in it,” Dean grits out. He’s gripping the fishing pole in his hands now, clasping and releasing. “You gave yourself up so that I’d survive.”
So can Dean. “Just… Okay.” He swallows, gathers his nerve back, and nods downward at himself. “Go to town.”
he is snowed under every time, breathless and slack-jawed, the whole of him alight and utterly unwilling to let Cas out of his arms for even a moment; Cas, who blinks down at him or up at him or over at him afterward as though he’s remembering he’s still on this planet, except yeah, it honestly feels like Dean’s lifted off the face of the earth himself, that’s how fucking gone Dean is, and he refuses to explain that to his stupid brother.
Dean sighs, flipping the comb over again in his hand. He thinks he can see a seam now, where the plastic was melted together. None of the boxes had anything inside them, actually. It literally is just a storage room that someone forgot about.
Dean stares up the stairs, then at Cas, who suddenly looks hunted. Cas steps back, gesturing aimlessly. “We… were on a hunt when you called. Claire drove.”
Cas smiles up at him, and he looks so beatific, except his eyes, which climb over Dean’s face like he’s sitting parched at the foot of a desert fount. “Jack.”
He unfurls all of his wings with a mighty crack, a smash of light into the darkness. The whole place goes up in a dizzying corona, his wings filling the space, slashing through the nothing like razors, a million years, a thousand nights of rage since he’d left Dean’s side, rage he had not even known to feel, colors that cannot be seen by mortal eye. Around them, dozens of voices wake into plaintive cries, and the Entity cringes back, shielding its face with every limb.
“So, I don’t mean anything to you?” He sounds startled, even though his face is placid, as still as stone. His voice hints at a deep and wan hurt, and Castiel’s discomfort grows.
“Touching you with them,” Cas said once, into the darkness of the bedroom as Dean tried and failed to catch his breath. And then he didn’t speak, until he did, and when he did, he said, “It’s the most profound, enduring pleasure I know.”
“I just think we should start making some kind of, I don’t know, backup plan because the way things are going—”
“Dean, if you break this without the proper fail-safes in place, you could cause yourself, or us, serious injury.”
What does Dean do with this? He’s unequipped for this responsibility, for the sheer weight of such a promise.
“I said I’d kill Sam.” He can look at the wall. The wall, that can’t stare back in horror. “We’d kill each other. Whatever Chuck wanted, if he’d only bring
All the light pours out of Heaven, and the chill churns through Castiel like a tunnel of wind. Jack’s eyes burn yellow, then flare so brightly they are nearly white. His shadow, so simple behind him on the grass, grows larger, blotting out trees, mountains, sky. His fists squeeze until his knuckles are bloodless and the entirety of Heaven vibrates around them.
He gets up off the floor, disentangling himself from Cas and rubbing his hands on his jeans. “Okay. I need to drive.”
He draws a breath. He thinks of himself, he tries, as Cas had done, and feels disgust for what he sees. No, those were not for
“It’s not English, of course. It’s not any living language. But it essentially states, over and over, ‘fecund with potential.’”
There’s a blade to his right where Sam dropped it, sticky with lamb’s blood and black ichor, and dusted with barn dirt. He stares at it as Sam checks him over,
The Djinn cocks its head, opens its mouth, and then it’s gone, ripped right out of the pine-fresh air with a weird stretching sound, and Dean is alone.
He nods in a defeat he doesn’t want to acknowledge. “But I do know how to get it back,” he says, and steps closer. “All we need is to touch.” Which is why it hasn’t come close enough, yet.
Castiel frowns down at the top of Dean’s head. Dean’s reaction to his distance is understandable now, if still frustratingly remote. But one part rings loud:
by Sam’s hair. He’s never felt so skinned, and he has literally been skinned, so that’s saying something.
It goes very quiet. Dean immediately hates himself for even slightly taking his insecurities out on Cas.
But then the monster swings down to sit on the edge of his bed and starts wringing its hands together. Dean blinks once, twice, hand still trapped hopelessly in the pillowcase. “Sam?”
He strains and scrapes and howls in rage as his every effort is thwarted, until he is a shaking, miserable mess of a celestial being on the cold edge of Heaven. He is glad of the dark to hide him.
Sam works his hair free of Dean’s hands and it immediately fluffs up to obscure his face. “Dean, seriously, this is crazy! I woke up like this, I thought I was being strangled.”
“Don’…” Dean sucks in one last haul. “Don’be sorry.” God, he’s slurring, he feels delightfully drugged, but his thoughts are razor-clear. “Don’t ever be sorry for that.”
“Are you alright?” he says one night as they collapse onto the bed, as Dean crawls wearily up to sit by the headboard, sticky and breathless and aching,
“Ah, hell, Dean.” Sam lurches forward, a look on his face like he’s planning to reach out, like he equally wants to coddle and throttle Dean, then straightens in a fluid motion and runs his hands through his hair. He shakes his head like Dean has said something painful. “You’re the reason, you know?”
Cas’s hand touches down below his, lying over his ribs. His fingers splay out and retract, gentle pressure on Dean’s skin. “You seem distracted.”
the things Cas said, but as he’d said them, Dean had recognized them as strangers, alien, foreign; beautiful intimacies meant for people like the mom and the dad of his early childhood, but not for him.
“‘Ensorcelled,’” Dean mutters. “So they just happened to find a magic tree and carved their comb out of it?”
“No,” Cas says, drowsy. His fingers play over Dean’s ribs, rising to trace carefully around his anti-possession tattoo before traveling away again. “No, that was… my mistake. I should have expected.”
Dean blinks. Shakes his head once, slow. “No,” he finally says. “No, I know what you meant. I was there, and then, after, when I—when I died. I got it. Anything I’d missed, I got.”
When half an hour has gone by and he feels that, by God, he’s helped enough for one damn day, he leans back in his seat to stretch out his spine and something long and stiff shifts in his pocket. He smothers a grin.
A week of dirt and grime and a nasty ass mold he should probably be salting and burning if he’s honest, and he gets a kid’s buy-one-get-one-free comb. Fucking Sam and his fucking campaign to unearth the entire fucking bunker,
Dean rubs his eyes because now he can. He really wants his shirt, but he wouldn’t be able to get it over his bound arm anyway. “Why can’t you just, I don’t know, think it off?”
Dean looks a little closer at the comb, and it seems like some of the shine he originally thought was there is gone. So that’s not wood and pearl at all, but some cheap ass plastic. Dean rolls his eyes at himself.
Heaven feels uneasy. Nothing the human souls would be aware of, but a waiting sort of tension all the same; Jack looks troubled, a furrow in his brow that deepens as Castiel nears. He still wears the clothing of Earth: white denim, blue shirt, loose jeans. He looks both old and young, invincible and fragile, and he watches Castiel’s approach as though he’s seeing the end of the world behind him.
With other angels, the touch of wings could be this heady, soothing, and all-around comforting thing. He thinks Cas’s wings just overwhelm and short circuit flimsy human nerve endings.
He likes when Cas touches him with his wings. The way Cas’s eyelids flutter and his pupils blow dark. The tremor in Cas’s body head to toe when he does it in the middle of sex, their mouths so close that Dean’s words—low, slurred, punching out of him—seem to vanish directly between Cas’s lips. The way Cas’s arms curl under his back, palms splayed wide across his shoulder blades, fingers pressing with each thrust, and then the electric
But more and more, the thoughts get in. That there’s so much more Cas could be having from… from someone. Some nameless, faceless, not-wingless someone that Dean doesn’t want to think about, and for the first time in a long time, he’s repressing, because it’s better than that dull ache that flares up in his chest whenever he tries to look it in the eye.
He likes Cas's hand on his chest. Just over his pec, not touching with any intent, really. Simply the weight of it, the small movements as Cas shifts and twitches, and the way his touch trails. Cas shouldn’t have to shift and twitch, but he does, and his fingers are light and warm on skin Dean usually hides under t-shirts and flannel. It’s not even sexual. It’s just weight. Warmth. Motion, unexpected, reminding him they’re both still alive.
Oh, Dean Winchester has loved. Still loves, with a hole squarely through his heart, bleeding endlessly onto the ground as each new trickle counts out how unforgivably late he was to realize.
But Dean just takes his face in both hands and tips Castiel’s head until their eyes lock. “Cas,” he says again, quiet and tired. “I don’t care that you remember. I’ll say this the way it was meant to be said, to you, until you hear it. Castiel, you have me. Alright?
Cas raises his head from between Dean’s thighs, which he holds splayed so far open Dean feels visible to the entire universe, and shit,
This at least tallies with what Castiel remembers. But there are so many gaps in it, now that he looks it in the face. The vague, fuzzed over spaces feel like hinges upon which the next door swings. Actions he took and choices he made that he can’t even explain to himself.
Oh, Dean could bring it right down to the basement with comments about deteriorating grace, but he’s classier than that. “Not sure how to answer that. I haven’t seen you in ages.”
pain, it’s part of that thing trapped in the black, it belongs to him, he can feel it, and something has torn it away.
Arms come around him, settling in a loose clasp. Cas, behind him, naked again as the day the world was born. Dean sighs and leans back. Already the warmth is seeping back in, Cas’s familiar smell, the universe righting itself from its brief, hectic tilt. He feels lips at the tender spot just beneath his jaw.
If Gabriel were still alive—hell, if Anna were still alive. Dean might summon her and… ask all the weird questions he has. Like, do angels, brethren or not, do they. Are some angels, you know. When you were his commander, did he and Benjamin ever, with the wings. Did you two ever, with the wings, is this, you me him, is this like, a triangular, a triumvirate—power of three—thing—
He does not make coffee. He ends up with a bottle of scotch, and wakes up face down on the table in a puddle of drool several hours later,
This is his failure, again. There is no skin here to guard what’s within, no mortal flesh to weather the blow. This is the way he truly harms the one soul he swore never to injure.
Laying the sigils is an exercise in endurance all its own. A participating party has to do it for it to be the most effective, but a fully graced-up angel will overwhelm the more delicate formative parts of the spell, so by the time Dean’s done lining the room, his whole body is tingling, every nerve a-jitter and something at his core tugging, tugging, tugging in the direction of the hallway where he just knows Cas is waiting.
It’s huge and furry up top and it stumbles around like it’s drunk. “Deeeaaaan,” it moans, coming forward with claws outstretched as Dean works to get his gun free of the stupid pillowcase while trying not to pee his pajama pants.
One day, when Sam has driven to Sioux Falls, Dean sits down in the war room, passing a sweating beer between his hands, mad at himself and determined to actually think about it. Card catalogue it, whatever. But he finds he can’t, not there, so he does something stupid and goes down to the bowels of the bunker where Cas saved his life, and he slides down to sit against the wall, knees up, shoulder burning with the effort. And he thinks about it there, while Miracle trots around to sniff in all the corners: what
How long might Castiel have gone on, had he not gone to Dean in Heaven that day? Years? Decades? A millennium without remembering, while all Dean did was remember?
Too much for Dean to handle, to still roll with. Here Dean has been fearing his inability to hold Cas’s attention, but how long has Cas been wondering about the breaking point when
He can’t help but watch Dean as he walks from his front porch down toward the dock, then back again. Down. Back. Down. He wears a jacket Castiel knows well today, rich brown leather with the collar high and his hands shoved deep into the pockets. His shoulders rise against the unseasonable chill, but the sun glints in his hair: gold and jasper, the barest flick of silver.
here now.” Balthazar smirks, waving a hand at the great general nothing before them and the rolling wilderness behind. “I thank my stars I’ve had you for as long as I have. I figured once this happened, I’d see neither pinion nor plumage of you ever again.”
Dean hisses, and knocks his head back into the counter, only there’s no counter, he’s surrounded by wings, cradled by wings, so many wings. He’d had no idea Cas could nullify his refractory period with his grace, Cas had never tried it before, never asked it of him, never offered, but Dean, Dean is
Cas grits out in a rush, then drops his face into his hand. Dean stares, tongue stuck in a dry mouth.
He could laugh, sudden and hysterically happy. He fidgets instead, itchy with it, dragging a foot up the back of Cas’s leg, and Cas’s pupils blow dark. His eyes rove Dean’s body, coming back to rest on his face where they track and track, each flicker shoving Dean’s pulse higher.
Sam pouts at her from his place on the floor, amid coils and coils of the most opulent brown hair ever seen this side of a room full of heavenly hamburgers.
to remove it from his sasquatch paws, what do you think I’ve been—You know what? Screw this, where the hell are you?”
It comes with a slither, up from the void beneath his feet: liquid and sinuous, tarry as oblivion. Castiel senses its proximity, though he cannot pinpoint where all parts of it are, and the knowledge sends an oily convulsion through him.
“Dean,” Cas says, and stops, even though Sam is there, even though Eileen and Jody are there, even though Jack is there. Dean has no idea if he’s an angel, has no idea if he’s human. Only one term about any of this was clear.
...” Cas’s free hand lifts. He hesitates, then slides his fingers to cup Dean’s jaw. His thumb strokes the crest of Dean’s cheek. “Dean, you’re very important to me.”
At last, Dean has to breathe. He pushes Cas up, but his other hand is not on board with this, and squeezes Cas’s nape, holds him in place just over Dean.
His throat is aflame, the bile of these injuries eating him up in licks and burbles, and he hurts. He thinks of Dean on the edge of the lake, and he hurts so badly.
Sam plucks ruefully at hair that Dean had, up until two days ago, thought was egregiously long, but now looks like the holy grail of hairdos. “Oh, well. Easy come, easy go.”
“I know,” Dean sighs, slumping in his chair. “I’ll... talk to him or, you know.” But now he’s lost, thinking of the blue of Cas’s eyes, thinking of the look on his face when he drops back to the bed, thinking of how hard it is not to pull Cas right back to him every time and keep on keepin’ on. “I just. Sam, I’ve never seen him this... this...” He fists his hands, unable to grasp the right words.
He’d thought he had known. He has helped make this heaven; surely he comprehends the reasons for Jack’s changes. But try as he might, he can’t recall any true immersion in the ideal, even as he spun realities from his fingers. He doesn’t remember infusing that meaning into the matter as he knows he should have done. Heaven That Was, as flawed as it was, was made with love, or as close as the angels could come to such an emotion: an intention for goodness, comfort, and pleasure.
“Why have we never done that?” Dean practically whimpers when it’s all done, but before Cas even speaks, he knows:
“It’s an augmentation spell.” Cas squints at a tooth, brushes down it with the pad of his pinky, and looks satisfied. “Ingrained in the wood. The tree it was carved from was likely ensorcelled.”
“I know,” Sam moans, dragging his hands through thick tangles of auburny brown that now tumble almost down to his waist. Dean shuffles forward to get his hands in it too; no way all that nonsense can be real.
“Done a lot.” When did his voice go so raspy? Like Cas’s voice. “Haven’t done this, exactly.” Something like it, once, in what feels like another life. His heart rabbits in his chest. He wonders if Cas can hear it.
“You know there’s nothing there anymore, right?” he says after a moment, jiggling Cas’s arm with his own.
“I don’t feel right.” What Castiel feels is his control chipping around the edges. All he can hear is Dean’s voice, all he can see is Dean’s light dimming, going darker and darker as time drags on, leaving nothing but the sense that it is
For a second, Sam looks a little gobsmacked at what he’s accomplished. But he rallies like the pro he is.
Cellophane Sam snorts, and bleeds ink back into the skin of its arms and face, and Dean’s heart is breaking because the pie, the motherfucking pie was not in fact a thing, and his tastebuds, so lately assaulted by pseudo-nostalgia-beer on top of everything, are weeping at the incredible affront.
Dean has met a few of Castiel’s buddies from up on high, okay? Hannah with her sweet smile and disapproving frown… There had definitely been something between her and Cas, something tender and agreeable for both of them, shared like a shy glance. Gabriel had orgies, for crying out loud, and he and Cas may not have been terribly close since Dean knew them, but Dean is nothing but a blip in their timeline, that relationship is
But eventually it went away, and all there was, was the Cas-shaped hole in the bunker and the tersely answered texts, and the memory of the devastation on Cas’s face that day in the forest as he’d stabbed that blade again and again, as he’d curled over Dean, as he’d pushed the dregs of his grace out in a bid to keep Dean on this earth.
“Dean? Dean!” Sam calls through the door. Dean can just see him striking the wood over and over with the side of his fist. He doesn’t want to move. His room, his bed, everything feels like a placid bubble that will pop if he twitches a muscle. But it’s Sam, and Dean can’t leave him in that corridor imagining all kinds of worst-case scenarios.
“You think that was easy?” Cas grumbles from over by the coffee maker, and Dean leans back, reels him in by the waist, and rubs his face against Cas’s middle. Cas grunts, but his hand comes down to cradle the back of Dean’s head.
But this… Okay, this is what he does. He turns away from his own pain and concentrates the significant heft of his fury on another’s, and that’s how he hides. So today, he grits his teeth and lets Sam carry his own weight for a while, and he looks back at his own war.
“Dean,” he says, and stops. It’s as though his words have physically struck the human, the way he recoils. He’s crying, Castiel realizes, too much of a glint in his green eyes. His eyes are a color Castiel knows he has seen nowhere else in all the universe. He ruminates, forgetting, and then draws himself back, wary that he has somehow done more harm.
He sees Dean sprawled before him, bloody fingerprints dark on the shoulder of his jacket, every inch of him begging—he feels arms around him, fierce and hot against pressing shadows—he smells leather and oil and pain—
And then it should feel strange, to be studied so intently as Cas readies him. Instead Dean has never felt so seen. Cas’s eyes seem to be everywhere, and that’s not a celestial euphemism: he tracks each jump in Dean’s breath and gentles his touch in response; he notes the thrum of Dean’s pulse, which must be damn near beating out of his throat, and pushes further. His fingers are warm, careful, and they are wringing Dean’s body unbearably from the inside. Dean drops his head back and blinks at a blurred ceiling. Fists the bedsheets. Reminds himself twice to breathe. He can’t stop the roll of his hips, call and response, instinctive, a mounting ache in his core, and he knows all about his prostate, thank you, but this is. Is.
“Sammy?” he calls. It takes a lot of effort. “S’alright, just… hang on.” He disentangles himself from a Castiel who seems to have misplaced all the bones in his body, whispered words cut by somnolent, dragging kisses, and finally gets to his feet. His legs feel like jell-o. He finds his shirt and pulls on his boxers. Behind him, Cas is moving too, and Dean scrubs his face hard as he stumbles to the door. “Sammy.”
Dean can say for certain that he’s never really had any kind of animal roleplay kink. Furries, for instance. He’s wandered into a couple of interesting clubs in his time on the road, he’s watched fluffy stuff go down, doesn’t really get the appeal, but he’s seen things hurt people and Furries aren’t hurting anyone. Quite the opposite, from what he could see. He, Dean Winchester, might not get all hot and bothered by it, but he’s come to realize he’s only one speck in a gigantic cosmic grindhouse of love, desire, kinks, sexualities, sexual identities, and lack of all of the above.
Cas comes down and heads straight over to Sam, where he peers at the comb. “And you found this in the bunker?”
Castiel thinks back, really tries. The bunker, the pounding at the door. The despair outside and also growing in his chest, that they would fail, that this man, this man who was meant to save the world, would die.
Cas’s weight rolls off him and Dean scrambles onto his knees. He’s unharmed, his body whole. The bed beneath him, the air above him, is dark as pitch, heavy as forever, and his weight presses down oddly, not against cloth but against tendon, pinion, silk: Cas’s wings, melting into shadow under his shins.
“No,” Dean groans into Cas’s mouth, because no. Not now, not while they’re—while Cas is—His feathers taste like something Dean doesn’t have a name for, brisk and free, and it feels like they are chiming against his tongue and teeth. He’s never had an oral fixation but hot damn, he’s got ten billion of them now, one for each and every feather. He’s gonna get his mouth on all of them, or get them in him, and oh god, what are they chiming against
Then the tell-tale rustle of feathers unfurls, near-silent in the air around them, and Dean is up, off the bed, nearly out the door.
“That’s how you feel?” Dean gasps, frantic to hang on to the sensations as they flee. Cas pulls up, mouth pursed and looking for all the world grim.
“Do you know how hard it is not to just touch you right now?” Dean rushes out, then wipes his eyes with both palms.
Cas nods. His brow is creased, thoughts turned inward. He reaches up after a second and cards his fingers through Dean’s hair. Dean leans in and lets him.
Finally, Dean wipes his eyes and leans back, turning his face to the ceiling. His throat hurts and his head is thumping, but he feels somewhat lighter. Unchained to whatever rock he has sat upon for so long.
So he’s in his room, two sheets to the wind on the best-tasting booze he’s ever boozed, and he’s Thinking About Things. He throws a balled-up lump of that sticky wall stuff at the ceiling (the blue kind you hang posters with), watches it splat, slowly come unstuck like cold queso, and fall back down. It’s dark in the room and there’s a very specific patch of ceiling he’s trying to hit. He’s working on hand-eye coordination under less-than-optimal conditions, okay? Keeping his skills sharp.
“What does it matter?” It sounds bored, finished with this new stimulus. “It’s already breaking through, you’ll have, well, most of it eventually, in a century or two—”
He also wakes up with the blanket from his bedroom tucked in around him. The scotch bottle has been removed from the table.
“Look, whatever it is, you guys better work it out,” Claire pipes up from just behind Sam. “I mean, this has been fun and all, but I have to be back to help Alex study in, like, a day.”
As unperturbed as he ever is with emotional spill, Sam snuffles noisily and wipes his eyes, then laughs this wet, watery thing that makes Dean want to take his baby brother into his arms and crush the sadness right out of him.
Home. Home was… walls, sometimes, and ceilings. Churning tires down gravel roads. Glass windows and a comfortable seat. A door to close out the world. Home was such satisfied peace, home was never,
So… maybe this is what Cas wants to do now. Wings not included. And Dean is kind of relieved and also sad about this, and guilty, and he wishes he could just decide already, for fuck’s sake.
Castiel responds to it without thought, has since Dean first winged it his way on a prayer. It hadn’t even surprised him.
He sits, his back against the cabinet with his knees bent up and his head in his hands, and listens to Sam explain what happened in that barn, the Djinn, and the dream he’d coaxed out of Dean one drunken night that Dean barely remembers. He listens, tense all through, and he counts his own heartbeats, thankful that he still has them.
He shuts his eyes, and for a second, he sees it: a warm and breathing silence, the voices in his head stilled. Soft, familiar scents. A waiting word, the sure grip of a hand on his shoulder, and a color very nearly peridot.
His head feels like a far off but dense fog; beyond its edge are the answers he seeks, but he can’t see through the gloom.
He actually ends up bringing Eileen back home more often than not, and Jody, and Donna. The girls trickle in and out as work, school, and hunting permit. Garth and his family drop by for a while, too, and hearing kids laughing as they chase Miracle through the safer parts of the bunker is a singular kind of wonder. Changes the whole place. Dean calls up Jesse and coaxes him and Cesar over for a looksee—
“What it was, was worth it,” Dean murmurs, which earns him a kiss from Cas and a put-upon sigh from Sam.
Dean shutters, all at once. The shock is still plain in the set of his shoulders, but the face, the eyes of this corporealized form, go blank. Something intangible retreats, out of Castiel’s reach.
His eyes prickle. “Cas, part of me meant it, so bad. That’s what you mean to me. That’s... That’s how much I...”
They stare at each other. Maybe Dean’s gotten used to it, because the space doesn’t seem so close now. Or maybe he’s accepted that he will never again have a shirt. All sound from the TV room shut off about twenty minutes ago, when Sam wandered by to announce that they now had a preliminary list of sources to try out on the comb. Given the smirk his brother had aimed their way when he passed the kitchen door, Dean had wondered exactly how hard Sam planned on looking, but it was an uncharitable thought and Dean was suddenly too tired to bother with petty pouting.
Balthazar makes a sound very close to awe, but baser, guttural in that human sort of way. “Alright, what exactly did he
I’ll never let that happen to you.” Cas’s voice is guttural now, bedrock. He touches Dean’s body like he’s tracing his form into being, and Dean can’t stop panting, shuddering, trying to wet his dry mouth. A weight descends around them, the heaviest of mantles sliding silkily over Dean’s arms and legs, and yet somehow still cool, clean, and Dean realizes he’s just touched Cas’s wings.
It’s as small, as wrecked, as Dean’s insides. Something in Dean answers, immediate, yanking at his heart. “Cas,” he breathes, again. It might be the only word he knows anymore. Cas kisses him hard, a hand splaying across the breadth of Dean’s throat, until every movement bumps Cas’s palm, and Dean feels caged and cradled and fiercely protected.
Whatever else, it feels good to say that aloud. There’s a ghost of what happened down here, a hush hanging in the air, as though something is listening.
Dean’s sated, okay? It was good, even without the wings. It’s always good. It’s just a different kind of good, a human good. A mortal good. And it’s not lopsided.
for touches he no longer gets.  He thought he had it again this time, the faintest rustle and brush of something before it pulled back, was gone again, and he figured he must have imagined it. Dean nods, scratching absently at his chest, and shuts his eyes. Inhales deeply and lets it out.
“Okay,” he says, grinning, and rubs his hands together. Finally he leaves for the kitchen, face burning and teeth grinding.
It all tumbles together, a heap of joy and shock and grief, until he can’t tell one thought from the other, can’t hope to untangle the mess.
And it’s not bad. It’s, you know, the opposite of bad. Cas’s hands slide over his body, into his hair, and Cas curls over him, around him, whispers the same half words in Dean’s ear and against the bow of his mouth. Cas kisses him, long and lingering, until they’re too far gone to kiss anymore, until everything is ragged and hot and tangled, and it reminds Dean achingly of the first few weeks when touching Cas at all was a novelty, when just feeling his heat, his weight, smelling the warmth rising from his skin, was enough to drive Dean’s heart into double time, to send him dizzy and dazed through his days, to have him anticipating the coming night with the giddy excitement of a first love.
Dean raises his head to find Cas looking at him. It makes him smile, fond and faint. “You listening in?”
Sam makes another garbled sound, then throws himself halfway through the door and drags Cas out. He runs his hands down Cas’s trenchcoated arms like a parent looking for bruises. “You—Are you—Are you?”
Understanding makes him stumble on his way out of the kitchen. He pauses in the doorway, rests his hand on the jamb and doesn’t turn. Can’t quite look as he makes the decision not to fall back into old habits. As he asks:
“And I have seen the error of my ways.” But Sam is smiling, a quirky, halved little thing that makes his eyes all sappy and bright.
Dean settles back against his headboard with a huff, rubbing a cautious hand over his ribs. He feels a little winded, but he always does these days, ever since the event of which they do not speak. Dean would speak of it, but no one else ever wants to, so. He’s well healed by now; the soreness is psychosomatic, not worth bringing up. “Dude, what were you doing right before bed? Anything weird? I mean, we were poking around those books, did you—”
“Okay, let’s just…” Dean gestures vaguely, then turns too quickly back through the doorway, heart knocking at his ribs. Cas shuts the door behind them with a squeal, and Dean stands in the dark, a hand over his eyes, and curses.
And he’s not the most egotistical person ever—he’ll leave that to Metadouche—but he has a healthy sense of his abilities in several fields. Hunting is one. Sex is another. It’s been a long time since he questioned either, and he’s never left anyone unsatisfied in bed since he learned that reciprocation is the secret to a truly fulfilling one night stand. Having Cas for much more than any one night stand is the answer to life, the universe, and everything, because practice makes fucking perfect, especially practice on one person whose every inch he wants to know intimately, whose briefest smile makes his day twenty times better, and whose happiness he balances obsessively above his own.
“I can’t,” he gasps, trying for air he’s pretty sure doesn’t exist. He bites his lip until it stings, but it doesn’t push the pitiful understanding away. “What you just… I’m not… I won’t ever be able to do that for you. To you.”
Jack slides his hands around Castiel’s elbows, cradling both arms. He lowers his head. His eyes spark bright, and Castiel feels pushed, gently, then firmly, then nearly out of himself and into the ether.
Dean looks up at him, and for an instant, the welcome is not only plain but feverish. Hope in a drowning man’s face. His eyes search Castiel’s face and form, digging, lingering. Eventually the light in them dims; Dean turns away, folding further into himself. Castiel feels inexplicably closed off.
And hot damn, perfect just keeps getting perfecter. Dean is a bona fide perfectionist when it comes to Cas. But he’s starting to…
doing to Dean’s body flood Dean’s brain. It’s enough to send him over, whiting out his vision, and then Cas croons against his chin, “Hold on, just…”
So Dean goes back to bed some mornings, and twines his fingers in feathers again, and no longer worries about snapping them while getting too carried away, because Cas growled into his mouth the first time to
The sense of Cas is larger than this room, cold and searing all at once, like a black hole and an icy lake, like falling into the sun. Dean shuts his eyes and feels it on his skin: soporific heat, a creature so much bigger than he is, could ever hope to be, a being with razor focus and endless awareness, and all of it sinking into
Castiel allows a smile. Of all the angels Jack took back from the Empty, his brother here is a favorite, and the one he has missed most, since he knew what it was to miss. Balthazar reminds him so much of Earth, of static existence and crawling days, and yet also of clout and immensity, of unquenchable mortal tenacity, of the otherness of walking between worlds. “Of course not. Only Jack can do that. I just see things I was unable to see before.”
long, but Dean’s a little fuzzy at the edges, drained and euphoric, and time isn’t behaving as it should.
Dean eyes play over Castiel’s face, and his hands twitch where they now rest at his sides. But he nods, halting.
(The one time Sam had argued, Dean had regaled him at length with what they were busy doing, while Cas gripped Dean’s wrist and buried his face in the pillow, leaving only reddening ears visible, until Sam skittered down the hallway in a horrified huff and they didn’t speak for a week because he ran off to Eileen’s house to
Except they aren’t clear, exactly. He recalls the texture of this sort of interaction, the stubborn wall on Dean’s side and the crumbling one on his. But why is his side crumbling, and why is Dean’s mulishness so very difficult to swallow?
But it still happens, and Castiel still touches him with wings Dean will never have, and Dean’s just a blip in an angelic lifespan, and he can’t help thinking that it’s just not right that he can’t give the same kind of pleasure, the kind Cas obviously understands enough to dole out to a lover, to the person Dean loves from his hair down to the tips of his toes, the person who always chose him, the person who has done more for him than anyone else ever has.
He goes back to the edge and sits in the darkness just beyond the light, and he reaches into those holes and tries to find something on which to
Kushiel exploded into light, but by that time, Cas had already let his body fall and was kneeling at Dean’s side.
Castiel sleeps now. The strangeness of that gives way quickly to an achy kind of pleasure. Dean doubts Cas needs the sleep. He never had before when he was at full power. But he drops his head to the pillows when Dean does, Miracle stretched in a hot, furry line between them, and he sleeps anyway, an almost silent shift and murmur that could be dreams. Dean likes watching Cas’s eyebrows twitch, likes waking up to Cas’s warm weight beside him, loves it when Cas rouses him by running a hand through Dean’s hair. Dean can count the people he’s woken up with on one hand still, and he never wants to wake up alone again. He hasn’t asked for that, exactly; Cas can come and go as he pleases, Dean’s not about to start banging down boundaries, not when the last three months are still sore on his insides, when touching the thought feels like prodding around a burn.
Dean likes when Cas touches him with his wings. The way his eyelids flutter and his pupils blow dark. The tremor in Cas’s body head to toe when he does it in the middle of sex, their mouths so close that Dean’s words—low, slurred, aching—seem to vanish directly into Cas. The way Cas’s arms curl under his back, palms splayed across his shoulder blades, fingers pressing with each thrust, and then the electric
Again, until he burns his and his brother’s blood free of this stain. He hates himself for ever standing by, even when he had to. For letting Lucifer back into their lives. For watching it happen.
“Good he visited,” Dean murmurs, glad of all the bare skin of Cas’s legs. Cas is so good at wearing boxers. He’s warm. He feels good. “Good to see old friends.” Everything’s good.
He forgets that he doesn’t need to breathe and ends up wheezing into the sparking void as it devours his vision.
“You,” Dean says, and again: “You.” The rest won’t come, just sticks down there where the rest is bubbling up, and he knows it’s going to overflow.
“Like?” Ping goes the spoon. Ping, ping, ping. Danger, Will Robinson. Anael’s eyebrow has not moved a jot.
He’s efficient in battle, okay? Sometimes that means scrabbling a knife out of a shoe or lunging full bodied at a stray poker or curling up like a hedgehog when he gets tossed into walls. Not wind-dancing with a silver blade the length of his forearm.
Castiel halts the flood of matter from his hands and cocks his head, standing at the newest edge of Heaven.
And Dean hadn’t known it at the time. He’d only known he was still breathing, had only known Cas’s weight across his middle, his own blood cooling on his shirt and his hand curled into Cas’s hair, and the way they both trembled as they caught up with themselves. But that was the death rattle of an angel’s dingy, damaged grace.
And then rockets backward off the mattress in a heap of panic and bedclothes as he remembers the train of last night’s thoughts.
“To Winchester. To Dean.” Balthazar makes a motion as though to shove him along. “Believe me, Castiel, he knows a lot more than he used to as well. Coming here does that to a person. Whatever you think he begrudges you, I assure you, he does not.”
He becomes aware of his own breathing, and the hitch and shudder of Cas’s in his arms. His skin feels overwarm and slick as he lies there looking at the ceiling, his mouth working with absolutely nothing to say. He realizes he’s rhythmically clutching and releasing Cas’s shoulder, his arm folded tight across Cas’s back. His other hand is still knotted with Cas’s against the pillow. He tips his head to the right, completely wiped, and sees the state of his desk, his
Just so slightly imperfect. And maybe, he analyzes—because that’s what the good hunters do, they finger through the card catalogues of their lives and try their damnedest not to be the ultimate sucker by believing—maybe that’s the final knell of this bell called contentment. Dean’s experience with happiness has always been that last rise in the road, right before it turns. Right before fate comes barreling around the corner head on.
Even post-climax as he’d been, each spark drilled directly down the back of Dean’s spine. Man, what Cas does to him.
pleasure to another person—party—another whatever happens to be there. Which is, in this particular scenario, Dean. And he doesn’t mean a passive kind of pleasure, the brush-you-sweetly-make-you-swoon sort of thing. No, Dean’s thinking that there is an active unloading of stimuli from those heavenly plumes. Like one of those toxins secreted by toads. Only way sexier. Hell, he’s got enough street cred in this particular arena to state with certainty that he gets a lot of inexplicable physical stimulus from Cas’s wings. An aphrodisiac, maybe, but maybe not; maybe it depends on what the partner in question is conditioned to feel.
the physical warmth of it is charging through him, and the ends of his fingers are tingling, his nose is tingling, he arches his head back and can’t stop, he’s on a cushion of floaty down, his whole body feels like it’s filling up with blue, and he clings onto the feathers, suddenly desperate and stressed and hollowed out in odd places, wanting wings, oh god, he wants
“I…” Post-sex insecurities aside, how can he possibly overwhelm a being such as Cas? But it’s that instinctual gut-twist that makes him pause. His first reaction to chaos looming on the horizon is always the same, the familiar clenching that had stopped all thought in its tracks, that froze his words to the back of his throat just before Cas threw him out of the Empty’s way.
Dean's body turned to look Sam, his head tilting slightly, but it was certainly Ruby in control at this moment, based on how she spoke. "It's his grace! I told you we where fighting for control!" She yelled. "Somehow it just became really strong!"
"I spoke to Cas... and you said it yourself that whatever is going on with Dean is angelic. Cas can't heal him for some reason, but when I found him after Alistair had his way with him- Dean was slightly conscious and his wounds began to heal. I just have a gut feeling that if he woke up he'll be okay." Sam said a little nervous, he wasn't 100% sure on if this plan would work- but it's the best he had at the moment.
Castiel stood up straighter. "I'll tell you. But you know that Dean won't remember this. Also I warn you, he still is not ready for this information. So it will be up to you to tell him if you truly want to go forward with this."
Sam sighed. "Look, he's my brother, Ruby. He would do anything to save me, and I'm going to do the same for him. He's family and you're the only chance he has."
The younger brother tilted his head. "No it isn't. I have no clue what language this is. It's all symbols with some letters."
luck. Yet, he just doesn't know enough about revelations to know exactly what has happened and what is going to happen.
Dean gave a nervous chuckle and steps inside, "Yeah, me neither. But I am." Behind his back, Bobby takes a silver knife. As Dean approaches, Bobby lunges forward and slashes at him. Dean grabs his arm and twists it around; Bobby breaks the grip and backhands him in the face. "I'm not a shapeshifter!" Dean states as he stumbled a bit away.
Dean slowly nods, not really sure how to process this... sure - on one hand that bitch saved his brother, yet on the other she did lie. She was also a demon.
Dean rolled his eyes, giving a faint chuckle as his arms fell back down to his sides. "I did climb out of a pine box yesterday."
"Yes, you are talking about it! I want to know, I've been honest with you and now you need to be too." Sam says standing in front of the mini fridge, preventing Dean from grabbing any for himself.
Sam looked over, he was wearing something slightly different today. He wore a blue button up shirt with a green/brown jacket. His hair also seemed to have not been combed yet- which was odd for him, because it was the middle of the day. He let out a heavy sigh, his hands on his hips. "Ruby and Anna are in trouble, Demons came and she was barely able to get Anna to escape before she had to run."
Bobby leaned back in his chair, having what almost seemed like a smirk on his face as he looked over at Sam. This smirk was very peculiar, almost as if it was for knowing that something was about to happen, or that he wanted something to happen. "Would you like to tell him, Sam?"
"What!? No, Dean I didn't mean it like that. It's just- not everything seems as black and gray as it used to be..." He said softly.
The demon smiles gently before reaching down her leg and pulling up her pants to reveal a sheath to where she pulls out a sharp knife. Sam watched her intently as she placed the blade against her wrist and cuts a thick line which drew blood the moment she drew the weapon away. Sam grabs her arm tightly and wrapped his mouth around her wound, sucking and drinking the woman's blood straight from the vein.
Sam grabbed a knife and threw it into the duffle as well, then he went over to the bookshelf. He scanned through them, following the alphabetical signature before grabbing a couple of books on siren lore. He looked back at Dean, who was standing their in disbelief at the two. Dean shook his head as he put his hands on his hips. "Dean... this is for the best. The kitchen is fully stocked and sleeping for a few days may help you. Just try to relax and gain some of the wait back."
Dean glared, trying his best to keep his stance. Albeit uncomfortable, it would be worst if he tried to relax himself. The hooks would pull higher and he did not want to feel his flesh rip. Although listening to this demon was torture in itself - it was giving him a small break of relief. "To torture me further?" He asked.
He was furious, "When something tells you to stop, you stop! I don't care if it was a demon or some mystery monster we have never seen before - you stop! Who knows what could've happen, your eyes could've burned out for all we know!" He yelled at her, dropping the cloth as he took a deep breath to calm down. Since when did his emotions get that intense.
"Good things do happen, Dean." The supposed Angel stated, taking another step forward, which instinctively made Dean take a step back.
The boy looked up, nodding slowly. "Yeah, I forgot about that one. That happened when we where staying the night staying the night after hunting a Shojo, right?"
Castiel looked confused with his head slightly tilted. "Hello, Sam." He said simply. The Winchester didn't waste a moment before lighting his lighter and throwing it against the oil which lit up the moment the flame was touched. Sam watched as Castiel looked at the holy flame rose up. "What is the meaning of this?" The angel asked, looking back over at the hunter.
Sam looked to Bobby, who gave a nod, then looked back to the uneased brother. "Yeah, that just about sums it up."
The human slowly nods, finding that to be an excuse that trumps all excuses. Out of the billions of years this angel has been alive, he never found time for some action? That is almost depressing. "Well trust me, if you keep hanging out with me? You won't die a virgin, I can assure you that."
This was the park that Bobby took him over twenty years ago to toss a ball around when he should have been learning on how to shoot a shotgun. Even though shooting a shotgun at that age would have knocked him flat on his ass. But why on earth was he even there? It's at least a full state away from where Sam was.
