in his gut. In Afghanistan, on the streets of London, at the pool with Moriarty, John did not/would not/would not have
"Right," John mutters, quickly beginning to feel like he's hindering the proceedings more than helping.
John stands in front of the kitchen window, his arms crossed tightly over his chest, his nostrils flaring, and his jaw clenched painfully tight.
"Do you remember the cemetery, John?" Gerald asks, as though they're old friends reminiscing.
three times, his eyes slipping shut with pleasure, willing himself not to throw John onto his knees and fuck him. John's tongue licks over Sherlock's Adam's apple, and he gasps.
. And then we reveal
"Christ," John said, scrubbing his hand over his face. "It's when a person inserts—you know what? How about we start with holding hands and hugging."
"That's a relief to hear." Mycroft pauses and then clears his throat. "What has he told you about the time he spent imprisoned in Serbia?"
"I'm sorry you said back pain?" John asks, trying to focus.
The driver frowned and flicked his finger again, as though his invisible yarn was more like sticky spider web and he couldn't dislodge it.
Zivko is constantly baited and mocked without mercy. Sherlock almost feels sorry for him. Eventually the taunts turn to Zivko's lack of sexual experience – what kind of Serb is Zivko if he's never had sex with a woman? How can he be a true son of Serbia if he's not man enough to tumble even a lowly barmaid?
Just like that, John knows what last night was really about. He didn't think his heart could break into any more pieces, but knowing what Sherlock was really trying to tell him just about does him in. Tears flood his eyes.
Sherlock presses the heels of his hands into his eyes, trying to staunch the tears his traitorous body seems determined to spew out every time he allows himself to
Sherlock's emotions have been changeable and frustratingly overwhelming since his rescue, part of the fallout of his ordeal in Serbia. This morning, he felt full of confidence; now, not as much. Is it possible he misinterpreted John's feelings? But then why would John have asked for time?
That drags a soggy chuckle out of John, and Sherlock's smile is soft and sweet and childishly pleased.
John points at one of the kitchen chairs and Sherlock does as he's told. He winces when he sits down, though, because he's got three stitches in his arse and sixty-three on his back and three broken and two cracked ribs.
Three hours, two helpings of Chinese food, and one fantastic shag later, Sherlock has dropped off into his post-case blackout sleep. He'll sleep for fourteen hours, so John busies himself writing up the notes for the case so he can begin the blog post. Suddenly, Sherlock comes lurching out of the bedroom, wrapped up in a white sheet, his hair sticking up in all directions, and looking for all the world like The Mummy from the old horror movies.
Gerald cocks an eyebrow
"Oh, god, yeah, that's it," John mutters, his stomach muscles pulled taught, shoulders hunching forward as though his entire body wants to close around the climax which hits him right before his—
"I'm in love with you, Dr. Watson, but you are currently embroiled in a romantic relationship with another man. So, I'm declaring my candidacy for the office of Dr. Watson's lover."
but doesn't risk dying from thirst either. After a few days, they take him into a courtyard and hose him down and then leave Sherlock there, naked, freezing in the Serbian winter.
"Which, John? Tying them or not?"
John pushes himself up slowly from his kneeling position and the feeling of Gerald's cock dragging out of him makes his spine shiver. Gerald's hand darts in and squeezes the base of his cock. He takes several deep breaths in and out through his nose. After about a minute, he lets go of his cock and then he nods. He opens his eyes and looks at John and his face breaks into a lazy grin.
man, but
When she laughed, John just stared at her in confusion. "You mean, you—"
But I found hope, and earned my place
Sherlock does a body check and discovers that, yes, actually, he's in a great deal of pain. "Yes," he says and smiles wanly.
Before John could open his mouth, Mrs. Hudson came bustling into the flat in a cloud of industrious concern.
He gets Sherlock downstairs, and the both of them in the shower, and washes them clean of all the bodily fluids—blood, saliva, vomit,
I can't begin to sing the praises of the women who helped bring this story to fruition. They deserve their own chapter and as soon as I have 30 uninterrupted, QUIET minutes I'll get right on that. ;)
He's thinking about all this while he's getting out everything he needs. He pulls on his headlamp (Sherlock always laughed when he put it on – Every. Single. Time.) He washes his hands thoroughly, dries them on a clean towel and then pulls on a pair of nitrile gloves.
"And, uh, your feelings about him, are they—never mind. God, I already sound like a jealous git."
"You're gonna sleep down here, okay? We'll see about the bedrooms when you're better, but for now there's no point you walking up extra stairs. Plus, I want to have you near me when I'm down here."
his tongue, John's hips are thrusting uselessly into the air, Sherlock's face from forehead to chin is covered in saliva, and he's so hard the friction against the duvet may just be enough to bring him off.
"Oh, for God's sake, Sherlock, just get in here," John said and then slapped the bag down on the kitchen table.
Sherlock, on the other hand, is six feet of alpha male, and he wears it like he wears his fucking coat—with effortless finesse, with a
He smiles, but says nothing.
or even an
There's something there, though, something right under the surface that he can't get to. It's only when he's standing at the nurse's station and watches Premal, a male nurse who's about three inches shorter than John walk in and say hi, that John gets it.
John walks into the flat, drops his bag, toes off his shoes, pulls off his jacket and hangs it up. He doesn't look at Sherlock.
"So these are normal symptoms?"
surprise John was how big his little dragon had gotten within just a few days. He was the size of a horse and that was without his tail. The ratio of tail to body size had evened out. His short stubby legs had lengthened, though they were not as thin or long as a horse's.
good lover. The same aspects of his personality that drove him to take on the ruthless training to be a trauma surgeon as well as drove him into serving Queen and Country in Afghanistan are the same characteristics that make him good in bed – John loves a challenge and he applies the same surgical skill to taking a lover apart as he did in putting wounded soldiers back together.
complete disconnect from himself and other human beings that pushed Dr. Reed to become a therapist. He wanted to fill that hole in the veteran support system. If he couldn't find his own therapist, he could at least be there for someone else.
John pulled one of the containers of pureed chicken livers out of the fridge, and tossed the lid in the sink. He stood for a moment with the bowl of food in his hand, wondering if it should be heated up and then remembered he had an expert in his sitting room. He turned to Mycroft to ask. Mycroft was sitting on the couch, legs crossed, looking entirely too amused. His body language practically screamed
"I know it's hard to wait when you've already spent so long waiting, Sherlock, but you both need time. You need time to heal and he needs time to adjust."
Sherlock feels John move to the bedside table and click on the lamp. He knows it's a lamp and it means light and that he should open his eyes, but he can't yet.
—if you could see your face when you said you'd held Milton—I'm just saying, John, don't write off the opportunity. You're only forty-two—"
John glared at him then turned his eyes on Sherlock. "Come with me to the bedroom so I can explain it to you
"How long do you make them do it?"
"A name is what everyone calls you, so you stand out from everyone else. My name is John, which is a dirt common name, but I'm a dirt common sort of bloke, so that's alright. Most people have a first name and a last name. The first name is what your parents give you that's especially yours, and the last name is your family name, what your parents and siblings, if you have them, are called. So, I'm John Watson. But then, like I explained, I'm a doctor so I'm called Dr. John Watson, though mostly only at work."
you're
, I mean not—not
"It'll have to be the weekend, then," she says with a long-suffering sigh, meaning Thursday through Sunday.
"Well, it's only me—
Then John's fingers move over Sherlock's back, his touch feather light. Sherlock can hear him breathing, imagines he can feel John's hot and humid breath whispering over his skin. He begs his body to stop reacting to John's nearness, but it won't. John peels the scratchy tape from around Sherlock's body. It's supposed to only stick to itself, but it feels like it's pulling all his stitches out as it comes unwound.
In a panic, Sherlock pushes himself to his feet and lunges for Mycroft's sleeve. "No! Leave him be. I'm perfectly capable of taking my medication and putting myself to bed."
"Ye-es," Sherlock says, drawing the word out, emphasizing the
A slow smile spread on John's face. "In
"What stock?"
. John's Captain Watson persona shouldn't be arousing to Sherlock—someone who never follows orders as a matter of principle, even if said order is to his benefit—but it is. Sherlock remembers Baskerville and John pulling rank on the young soldier.
(And then it occurs to him that perhaps it had been someone else's
"Do you know how much I love you?" John asks softly. The stupid tears are back.
about seeing John that way—a fantasy pops into Sherlock's mind of John buggering a nurse over an exam table, and he slips his fingers under the top of John's socks and slides it down slowly, allowing his fingers to stroke the delicate skin of John's ankles. John sucks in a breath, and Sherlock's eyes snap to his, and suddenly Sherlock needs John out of these goddamn shoes and socks, and when he's got John in nothing but his boyish white pants, John pushed up on his elbows, but his head beginning to tilt backwards, as though the bed is pulling at him, seducing him to lie down, Sherlock helps it along, putting his hand in the center of John's chest and pushing. John falls on the bed with a grunt, and Sherlock bends to the challenge of locating all the erogenous zones on John's feet, ankles, lower legs, and knees, and his bruised ego is plumped up (just like his cock) when he has John thrusting his hips up off the bed, and crying, "Sherlock—
if she looked up. Sherlock had snorted at John's description of his penis in terms of food, but found it secretly endearing, and a very middle-class thing to say.
the concern coming off of John, and in another life he would've sneered at it.
Two and a half months after the press conference, Rebecca asks John to meet her for a pint when she gets off work. She's trying to talk John around to going to the  party celebrating the birth of Olivia and Bernie's son, but John is nervous about how he'll be received by Gerald and doesn't want to show up at such an important event if it will cause any awkwardness or draw attention from the main event—that being the little event himself, Milton.
"I'm gonna clean this up now and it's gonna hurt like hell. The face has lots of nerve endings."
, would you?" Sherlock says flatly.
"I sort of couldn't help overhearing you guys," Chatsworth said, coming into the kitchen with an insulated cooler. "I knew that stuff wouldn't really help so I brought something that I've always found helpful for teething hatchlings, including myself."
"Honey, Gerald started a relationship with you
Sherlock lets out an undignified squeak and tries to wriggle his way out of John's hold. "Go away!" he finally shouts. "I'm
John smirks and raises his eyebrow as he gets off the bed. "The condoms are downstairs," he says.
"Yes. As a result of my—incarceration, I've formed an unhealthy attachment to my best friend, John."
"John," Sherlock says, his voice still broken despite the days of recovery in Belgrade, or maybe it's just John finally here in front of him. He clears his throat and tries again. "John."
-Teddy
that stole those children's lives.
John thinks of Sherlock now, of him trying to sleep while alone in this flat, of Sherlock caught in the strong (and cold) steel grip of a nightmare, of him waking to silence and solitude.
“Did they test you for STIs?”
. There's things you need and information
The next day, back at his own flat, John takes the bowl and matches out and lights the notebook on fire. He watches it while it burns, more to keep a watch in case it sets anything else on fire, but as the flames consume the little book, John finds himself teary-eyed, then openly crying, then, finally, he slides to the kitchen floor and sobs so hard his stomach muscles are sore the next day.
"Stitches?"
"Mm," Sherlock says with a quiet laugh. "Gerald is clearly smarter than he looks."
There's no other readily available information except for the stuff that he doesn't care about. What she ate for lunch today. Her earrings. Her watch. Her shorts and trainers aren't cheap, but they're practical.
"But we're friends, John, and I need to
Does he need detox? He can't recall. The last thing he remembers is evading his FBI handler in New Orleans, finding a little flat to hide away in. Then there might have been some ecstasy and marijuana, possibly cocaine. Lots of cocaine, actually, mixed with ecstasy and marijuana and the occasional forced stop for water and food. A fair number of hangers on (free drugs guarantee you at least a few) maybe a prostitute or two, lots of sex, with and without prostitutes. It's a fog of sustained debauchery. He wants to write a sonnet to New Orleans. He loves the city, but it's the site of so much pain.
They talk about Afghanistan and when John says he was invalided out, Gerald doesn't pry, but on a whim, John explains why.
There's silence for a moment before John starts sniggering. Gerald pinches his nipple in retaliation.
Sherlock's eyes go wide, and he starts to smile, but John says, "Uhn uh—you're not going to kick them out just so we can have sex," and Sherlock's face falls into a pout right as there's a light knock on the door. They both startle, looking towards the door like two schoolboys caught doing something they shouldn't.
He did not like being wrong about this. It didn't sit comfortably with him. Sherlock might have the body of a twenty-five year old and the mind of a genius, but emotionally he was a child. To take advantage of that was despicable.
"Once you're ready, you would don the coat and shoes, and then you would meet me at—I have a—a place."
Sherlock spoke.
An armchair in the corner sits in front of a floor lamp that hangs over the chair; it’s the perfect spot for reading. A beautiful oak armoire faces the sofa. One door is hanging open, showing a flat screen TV. The other door is closed. A desk to John's right is covered by today's edition of
At precisely eight a.m., John gets a phone call from Mycroft.
share the information I've been asking for this whole time. I'll even make you a cup of tea! But
John raises his head, looking surprised. "Oh, okay. Well, um. If you're ready for bed, I can—" John stops, gesturing over his shoulder at his bedroom door.
It just hangs out there all the time!"
Sherlock always has nightmares on the nights after John's been at work, sometimes more than one, and can't fall back asleep unless John lies down with him. After a week of this, John decides to just allow Sherlock to sleep in his bed indefinitely, so they can both get some much-needed rest.
The tension at home feels unbearable sometimes, even on the days John doesn't work or when Sherlock hasn't had a nightmare the night before. It's like the two of them can't relax, knowing that a flashback or panic attack can rip through their uneasy peace at any moment.
attempt to sabotage your relationship with Gerald, and if there's any chance you can reconcile with him, I urge you to take that chance. I won't get in the way anymore."
, tall, devilish man—I'm so jealous, you bastard. He is way out of your league. You know that, right?"
Chatsworth answered with an unhelpful shrug. "I wouldn't advise it. Just because he managed it the first time doesn't mean he's not going to lose control."
John's weapon is in his hands almost as soon as Sherlock manages to say
without you getting into trouble. You're like a bloody toddler. No wonder you came back to me with
written by a doctor, and he's been meaning to start it. He turns on his tablet, pulls up the book, and takes a bite of his shepherd's pie. But he can't get it out of his head—what would Sherlock Holmes find kinky?
"What?" Sherlock cried. "You mean, this is going to happen
," Sherlock hisses when John reaches for Sherlock's hand, and slides two more of his fingers in alongside the first. He does some amazing things with his tongue that bear a close resemblance to all the amazing things he did with his tongue to Sherlock's cock the night before, and the memory on top of the feel of John's tongue, and lips working up and down his fingers, his tongue flickering over the sensitive tips like he's lapping at Sherlock's cock turns Sherlock into a whining, panting mess. John smirks, and even with saliva running down his chin, he looks so cool that Sherlock is suddenly flushing with embarrassment at the way John keeps taking over Sherlock's seduction attempts, and easily turning him into a moaning ruin. "You are a
"Huh. What kind of bird has
"Ah, you're awake," she says pleasantly. "My name is Elspeth. I'll stop soon and get you some water."
"Let's get back to what's important. Can you breathe fire?" Sherlock asked, bouncing on the balls of his feet.
that makes me sound—" and Sherlock interrupts him, and says, "No, no—it doesn't. I think—" and he wraps John up in his arms, and presses his face into the crook of John's neck, sucking in the smell of John's skin. He can't help his hands from roaming over John's naked back, and arousal blooms back to life inside him, traveling along his nerves, and he peers over John's shoulder, wanting to clutch John's arse, wanting to spread him open and take him again, but he can't touch John, not yet, not until he reassures John that he gets it—because he does get it now, he really does.
though—about Sherlock's tail, but only because he almost tripped over it.)
of a fractured cheekbone and the man crumples to the ground.
one more time, I will combust," John says hoarsely.
John's immediate priorities are to fatten Sherlock up and get him pumped full of as many vitamins as he can. To that end, he intends to make three smoothies a day with a combination of fruit, milk, flax or hemp seeds, frozen fruit, vitamin and phytoplankton powders. To make it palatable, John will add plenty of liquid cane sugar.
Sherlock reminds himself of the other things Blaine won’t need once he’s dead. He’ll never need to kidnap women. He’ll never need to turn them into prostitutes. He’ll never need to pull another lover in the pub three streets down.
! I tried. Bernie tried. Olivia tried. They didn't believe us and were too terrified to ask each other, so—" Rebecca spreads her hands.
He pretends Sherlock is lying in bed next to him. He's on his side facing John with his head propped in his hand and he's smiling. His eyes are warm and a little bit mischievous and very, very sexy. Sherlock is wearing a dress shirt and trousers. The top two buttons of his shirt are undone, just like Sherlock always wears them. It's a little weird that Sherlock's fully dressed and John is naked but this is a fantasy so John just goes with it.
Their humid, whispered declarations against each other's skin taper off until they're both silent, relaxed against each other, as Baker Street comes to full life outside.
Sherlock said, again with that need for reassurance that John felt hopelessly compelled to give. He wanted to soothe Sherlock—he
"Nope," John says, interrupting him. He shakes his head back and forth slowly while staring at the ceiling. "C'mon, Sherlock, put those mad deductive skills to work."
just my sidekick. You have always been my
"Yeah," he murmurs, leaning close and kissing John's cheek. "I think I want that with you, too."
"I hope you don't go through this when your adult teeth come in," John said without thinking.
Sherlock spits, like it's a dirty word. "It
Bernie mock-snarls. "Greedy."
"Beautiful," John murmured, moving forward to touch.
"I can't do it—I need help with my shirt. My shoulder and elbow," he says and his eyes slide away, not wanting to meet John's.
"So," Gerald says, with a little flourish of his hand. "Pasta Alfredo and maybe a salad? Oh, and plenty of wine, of course. Because when you meet a gorgeous stranger and take him home, it's only natural to ply him with alcohol to lower his inhibitions."
John spent the rest of the drive in brooding silence, his anger barely tamped.
Sherlock was hovering in the air behind Mrs. Hudson when she opened the door. She said, "See, Sherlock! You worried for nothing. There's John—I'm sure it's going to be fine."
When John finally makes his way home, exhausted, sweaty, and smelling like ashes, he finds Mycroft in his chair and Sherlock in a suit for the first time since his return home. (And
Sherlock. This man was a stranger to him.
pageth long! That's
Sherlock shoots to his feet, sneering, and bites out, "How is it your fault,
"Do you feel comfortable telling me what happened to you?"
"Yeah."
John's breath catches painfully, and it's a long, long while before John stops breathing very carefully through his mouth, weeping as silently as he can, improbably joyful for a man with a broken heart.
"I'll need to go upstairs and drag some of your clothes out of storage so for now, let's just get you into your pajama bottoms. Do you think you can sleep without a t-shirt on for now? I'd really like you to go back to sleep."
John nods.
"You can't stop me from trying," Gerald says and John laughs.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" John shouted, looking at Sherlock's egg with a face creased with incredulity. Then he looked up at Holmes. "This—this—smarmy bastard is your
"Don't even start," Sherlock mutters.
When John finally makes his way home, exhausted, sweaty, and smelling like ashes, he finds Mycroft in his chair and Sherlock in a suit for the first time since his return home. (And
"And you really don't have sex with them?" John asks, still a little disbelieving.
Sherlock's face seems to be nuzzling against the back of John's neck, lightly snuffling, even, without his conscious permission, but he can't make himself stop, not when John seems to finally be relaxing
Sherlock says, finally, pacing from the sitting room through the kitchen, into the bedroom, and back out again.
short hallway. A door on the right and a door at the end, partially opened, the room beyond it cast in shadows. The sun has only been down about an hour.
"Hey," John says, jumping to his feet. "Do you need help getting in bed?"
"Well, yes, I'm very—it's, um, good to have you home."
Gerald disappears through a door to the immediate left of the front door but leaves it open a crack. John peeks in and sees a small office and Gerald sorting through his mail. A narrow hallway along the left side of the stairs leads to a living room. Two leather armchairs sit on an oriental rug in front of a clean fireplace. The fireplace is functional, though – the hint of swept ashes are visible on the brick hearth. Another sideboard holds more pictures, a crystal decanter set (empty) and a reproduction of a Degas sculpture – one of the ballerinas. John knows nothing about art but this he recognizes.
Chatsworth replied with a grin at John.
"Like you're not the adoring aunt."
"Well, within the next two months," John says, his lips tipping up on one side. Sherlock can see him holding in his amusement.
"And what—" Sherlock clears his throat and then licks his lips. "What is our destination, exactly?"
"Neat," Sherlock groans, his voice almost unrecognizable. "The thing with the—
John tugs the waistband of Gerald's pants down just enough to release his erection, which bobs enthusiastically, his foreskin almost entirely retracted behind his glans, and already beading heavily with fluid. John reaches out and holds it loosely between his thumb and first two fingers, examining it intently. As far as penises go, John has to admit it's pretty fucking beautiful. It's dark with engorged blood, the rosy head flushed and slick. Gerald is panting and lifts his hips desperately but John doesn't give him what he wants. Not yet. When he reaches for his dick, John smacks his hand away with a playfully stern look.
"No, I, uh, I need to use the loo," Sherlock says. John opens his mouth, but Sherlock cuts him off. "I can manage on my own."
the night he came home, and his terrible blunder the next day when he told John he was in love with him.
"Okay, well—see that's why I'm calling. I didn't want to give it to him if it was dangerous for him."
want to go and I like to give you things you want?" Sherlock asks without looking up, fingers flying over the keyboard. He frowns at something he reads. John watches the light of the laptop skittering over Sherlock's face as he navigates through multiple webpages.
"And who protects me from
He's normally pretty good at pushing away personal stuff when at work. He needs full concentration to work in an A&E, especially in a hospital as large and busy as The London Royal Hospital. He's distracted, but the ambulance bays are empty for now and there hasn't been an actual emergency yet.
, yes," John says and tears down the back stairs.
heart, but that she would never have his?
At fifteen minutes to ten, Sherlock starts pacing around the bedroom. With John at work, he
It's half eight before Sherlock hears the front door shut and John's tread on the stairs. It's slow and plodding. Sherlock has been pacing, phone gripped in his hand, for almost two hours. Six milligrams of clonazepam have kept him from a full-blown panic attack, but it hasn't quenched the urge to leave the flat and find John.
"No!" Gerald says, almost spilling John's wine when he grabs John's arm. "No, I'm not knackered like
much easier to, you know, to—prepare someone."
The man turns to face him and smiles; John realizes he's been staring.
"Thought so. And you can't hold yourself above me for long with that shoulder, either."
. Honestly, I'm not sure I could handle having sex with someone right now."
"Yes, you have a—person."
"Yes," Sherlock lies, exhaustion pulling at his body and his mind.
A sound, more gasp than hiss, escaped Sherlock and then, with astonishing speed, John was released. There was a quiet thud as Sherlock jumped off the back of the chair onto the floor. John watched him walk across the sitting room, jump nimbly up on the couch, and then curl up, wrapping his tail around himself, looking more and more like a ball than a dragon, until even his face was covered.
He has Lestrade, who meets him for a pint every Friday night if he can get out. He's suspended so there's not much else for him to do, he says. His marriage has fallen right apart. John listens to his woes, glad to have the focus off of himself. A month after Sherlock's death, Lestrade confides that Anderson has left, gone right off his rocker, and Lestrade confesses he's glad. It's bad enough having to see Donovan at work. He admits he can't even look at her;
. He knew better than to try to numb himself with heroin. Heroin is what he used when he wanted to die. Cocaine is what he uses when he wants to live, but can't handle living.
He picks his bag up and walks very slowly up the stairs, avoiding all the creaky bits so that his ascent is silent. He opens the sitting room door and peeks inside, suddenly terrified.
"How to be a sub."
"Sherlock," John says, stopping half in and half out of Sherlock's bedroom door, his hand on the door jamb. "I want so much to feel you in my mouth without a latex barrier."
a bruise into John's arse cheek. He repeats the process on a different part of the same cheek, and John asks, stumbling words falling out of him, "Sherlock, are you gonna—I mean, I want—
blame on PTSD, is feeling unworthy, and unlovable. Of feeling like you're
Oh no! Teddy and her damn cliffhangers!
Sherlock seems to accept this explanation at first and pulls back slightly, but only to slide his lips back along John's jaw to his chin where Sherlock's tongue darts out and strokes the dimple in the middle.
Thanks to Calais_Reno for her invaluable help!
Mostly he finds questions on sports websites about whether men can wear women's running shoes or hiking boots.
"No, best stay here for now," Gerald says with a smile and tilts his head towards the window of the first floor. John steps out onto the pavement and sees Sherlock standing at the front window, watching them. He doesn't bother moving away when he sees them looking up and Gerald gives him a friendly little wave and John's heart fractures into a thousand pieces, the pain leaving him gasping.
"And me?" Sherlock asks, his fingers still ploughing rows through John's hair.
isn't as vulnerable as you think he is," Holmes snarled, his jowls tight with exasperated fury.
, which was just smut sweetened with domestic comedy. The specific story she first commented on was "Beethoven's Violin Sonata no. 9" otherwise known as The One Where Sherlock Gives John a Blowjob in Greg's Office. Meg is my personal Watson. She's the one I email when I need to get all the rubbish going around and around out of my head. If our emails were acted out by Sherlock and John, they would show John sitting in his chair looking calm and centered, watching while Sherlock paced back and forth, trying to work things out and jumping from one idea to another, unrelated idea. Also, the rude, snapping thing John puts up with from Sherlock? Yeah. That. She's unflappable when it comes to my considerable talent for being flappable. Thank you for your love and forgiveness, and the walls of text I send you, and for
John had to tug on Sherlock's tail a few times before Sherlock reluctantly uncurled himself and slunk into John's lap. John had braced himself for Sherlock's claws, but his paws were smooth. "What's happened to your claws?" he asked.
"No talking," Sherlock whispers and touches his finger to John's lip. He shivers when John's tongue peeks out and licks just the tip of Sherlock's finger. Sherlock's breath hitches, and he pushes his finger slowly into John's mouth. John licks around the tip, and then along under the bottom. Sherlock moans and closes his eyes, and thinks rubbing himself off on John's thigh might be more prudent than fucking him, because Sherlock is never going to last if John does things like this, like—
Because the truth is John wants Sherlock badly. He's known that all along. But John has a boyfriend, a
Sherlock's claws were out and John had cause to regret taking his clothes off as Sherlock tried to climb him.
"Okay, okay, so—did you hear that, Sherlock? You can change into a human! That's how you'll be able to fit into the flat! Just make sure not to be a dragon."
me. You told me Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade were targeted as well."
"All right then," John said slowly. He gestured towards the kitchen. "I'll go make tea. How do you take it?"
Four tiny stitches later, John smears antibiotic ointment on Gerald's lip, but leaves it unbandaged.
“Is there anything you're not telling me? I know that prisoners are sometimes subjected to, um, you know—sexual assault in places like that.”
John groans in annoyance, but it doesn't stop her.
Sherlock rubbed his jaw against the sheet, a mewl of distress in his voice. Then he sat on his haunches and looked up at John. "Dwole," he said and pointed with a front leg at a wet spot on the bed. John leaned over to peer at it.
. John sighs against Gerald's neck. Gerald's cheek brushes John's temple. The way Gerald smells is familiar—the fit of his body against John's is comfortable. There's nothing sexual in this hug, though. There's a wistful, bittersweet nature to their embrace—it's apology and forgiveness in one gesture.
Mycroft spread his hands and said, "What do you want to do?"
John, is worried that John won't have time for him any more, maybe that John will move out. So he does the only thing he can think of. He tries to seduce John to make him stay.
"Step here, Mr. Holmes," the publicist, Cayden, says, pointing at a mark right behind the entryway to the stage. "When I tell you to, open the door and turn right to go directly up to the stage. Everyone will be standing, and Inspector Lestrade will guide you to the front. After that you'll be—”
"Yeah, behavior modification. Got it. Thanks. Are you really going to time me?"
"I really want to hug you," John whispers.
"If I'm going to be responsible for your treatment, then we need to set down some rules."
"Slow down," Gerald breathes, once he's wrested his mouth away from John's.
," Sherlock says, with a sneer.
The problem was not knowing how to trigger a recall of knowledge. This wasn't like memorizing his times table. How did he recall things that he already knew, however hidden from his conscious mind, and use that to fill in the blanks?
"No, the other thing," Sherlock says, with a tremor in his voice.
the concern coming off of John, and in another life he would've sneered at it.
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. "I was too busy on the Internet."
"Don't take as much as you did yesterday, okay?" he says, trying for stern, but just looking weary. "If you start to panic, take
Chatsworth snorted with laughter and both John and Mycroft glared at him.
"You wouldn't like it," Sherlock says, and even though his hands are still poised over the keyboard like he's about to start typing at any time, John knows all of Sherlock's laser intense focus is centered on him.
"Because it turns out, you see, that I'd never stopped being madly and utterly in love with
“Fuck me,” Blaine moans.
Quickly, John looks up
"Yes," Sherlock says. "I'm not ashamed."
with me?"
He pours the cooled ashes into a Ziploc baggie and puts it in his pocket. After locking the front door, he takes the tube to the station nearest the cemetery. He finds himself rolling the plastic baggie with his fingers as he walks the rest of the way.
"Yeah, no—he's mine."
"Well?" John asks impatiently.
After a few months, when Lestrade is reinstated, he invites John to go out with people from the Yard to celebrate, including Dimmock. John enjoys being in the company of the detectives. They are a rowdy bunch, eager to affirm life in the midst of all the death they see every day.
Mycroft sighed very deeply and gave John a look that said he was hopeless. "Dragons are sexually mature when they shift the first time. Unfortunately for you, Sherlock has identified you as his mate— and dragons mate for life. It's magic, John. Not the sappy, romantic kind, but real magic—a dragon knows when they've found their soulmate and they are never wrong. It defies logic. But I can tell you that his feelings are not casual and cannot be brushed aside as a passing fancy. We don't have casual sex as you born-humans do. We find one, maybe two if our first one dies—and that's it."
Teddy
Sherlock says the last few words so quietly they're almost a whisper. He comes out of his panegyric to find himself sitting against the headboard of his old bed, holding a pillow against his stomach as though it's a trauma dressing and he'll bleed out if he lets it go. It's an apt analogy now that he's thinking about it.
After a period of silence, Sherlock said,
John's chair scrapes across the floor as he launches to his feet. "I wish you hadn't
"What difference does it make?" John asks, fatigue stealing over him. Sherlock doesn't sleep well, which means John doesn't either, and he's just come off a ten-hour shift in the A&E.
He's interrupted by Mycroft loudly clearing his throat. "We can discuss the press conference on Monday, when John will be home all day. I'll be off then. Goodnight, Sherlock—John," he says, nodding to each in turn.
"You can't leave him alone!" Gerald says, sounding scandalized.
"The answer to your question is
. Suddenly his head jerks down, his shoulders hunched around his neck as though
He's aroused (obvious reasons). He's excited (see
"Second rule. If you feel pain somewhere you didn't before, if there's inflammation or swelling somewhere new, if something isn't starting to feel better when you know it should, tell me.
"Ten feet?" John asked faintly
"There will
"Sherlock," John says quietly and Sherlock pushes himself carefully to his knees to see John kneeling next to the bed. John moves to take his hands and Sherlock grips them so hard, he can see John wince.
," John groans.
"Oh, bloody hell no!" Gerald says, laughing. John likes Gerald's laugh. It's open and full-bodied, not at all self-conscious. "No, that's an absolute hard limit. I've never slept with anyone I've been a Dom for. My sex life is almost boringly vanilla."
"How can I help you, John?" Mycroft asks politely.
"I guess what I mean is he's not doing these things because he wants to
There's only one thing for it now, if he's to ensure he doesn't put himself in the way of John's happiness—he must cure himself of this inappropriate attachment to John.
are more dangerous than Moriarty ever was, because you
"But if it weren't for me, you would still be with him!" Sherlock says, throwing his arms out in frustration. He moves closer to the bed, and John thinks
The SUV slows down and then pulls over to the side of the road. Elspeth comes around the passenger side of the back seat and helps him out. She pulls a key out and unlocks his handcuffs and keeps a firm hand wrapped around his upper arm, steadying him.
"No." John snaps out the word.
John expects Gerald's kiss to be hard, the opposite of a woman's soft pliancy but Gerald's full lips are soft and he lets John lead the kiss. They exchange open-mouthed kisses for a few minutes before John dares to dart his tongue out and run it along Gerald's lips. A soft, breathy moan escapes Gerald and that response ignites the desire in John's gut. Want and need twist and coil inside him. He grips Gerald roughly in his arms, pulling him closely and when that's not close enough, he puts his hands on Gerald's hips and yanks him. Gerald lands with half his arse in John's lap and they laugh against each other's lips.
"I don't want to
Sherlock moves slowly over to his duffel bag, which John left on the settee last night. He picks through it for a t-shirt and pajama bottoms. He wants out of these fleece bottoms because they're hot. Underneath, he can feel his pants are soaked in sweat. He doesn't bother pulling a fresh pair of pants out of his bag. The less clothing he has to wear, the less he has to depend on John to get him dressed and undressed (and the less opportunity he has to do what he did last night.)
after thirty days of imprisonment in a freezing Serbian cell, and all of it—
There's silence for a few moments and then John asks about Zivko, his thumb rubbing soothing circles along the inside of Sherlock's forearm. There's a patch of the fungal infection on Sherlock's right thigh and it's itching like mad, a counterpoint to the soothing movement of John's thumb. Sherlock surreptitiously scratches at it with the binding around his wrist. He takes a deep breath and lets it out.
"No!" John's head whips up. "I meant
Rebecca smirks. "They just never talked about it again and they were too blinded by how they felt to see that the other felt it, too."
addressed the symptoms—anxiety, insomnia, tremors, flashbacks, panic attacks, weight gain or loss, lack of libido, suicidal thoughts, self-harm, addiction. None of them dealt with what had
John looks up at him with a pained expression. Sherlock smiles grimly. "That's pretty much exactly why."
One of the prescriptions John gave Gerald for Sherlock is for 2 mg clonazepam that dissolves on the tongue and is, therefore, quick acting. The other prescription was for 5 mg liquid melatonin to be administered sublingually. That, too, is quick acting.
Sherlock wakes in the backseat of a large SUV. His wrists are handcuffed in front and he's dressed in a pair of track suit bottoms and a t-shirt he doesn't remember owning, or putting on for that matter. There are flip-flops on the floorboard. He blinks and tries to get a look at the person—no, woman—driving the car. She's got ginger hair. She looks in the rear-view mirror, alerted by his movements.
When John feels Sherlock's fingers trail up and down his burgeoning erection, and one long, slick finger begins to slide down the cleft of his arse, John pulls back suddenly, and, face flushed, says, "I didn't, um—" He jerks his head towards the loo, and Sherlock frowns with impatience, and says, "You didn't what?" and John sighs, and rubs his hand over his forehead, and finally says, "Clean up. I, uh, I didn't—I have to
want to go and I like to give you things you want?" Sherlock asks without looking up, fingers flying over the keyboard. He frowns at something he reads. John watches the light of the laptop skittering over Sherlock's face as he navigates through multiple webpages.
Well, he has a few days to think about it, doesn't he?
"Don't lie to me," John says gravely. "I expect you to keep the promise you made not to lie to me."
"Yes, you have a Gerald, but I still don't believe it's too late. I
"Everyone, this is Sherlock!" Rebecca says and shivers in excitement. This is why John loves her—she finds joy in nearly everything. A balm for his weathered soul. But then she points herself directly at John with a narrow-eyed gaze so fierce, he flinches back slightly. She stalks over to him, jabs her finger at him and says, "You said he wasn't coming! You sly dog!" and smiles.
After John comes, he takes Gerald in his mouth for the second time that day. He slips two fingers inside Gerald, whose hole is slippery with John's semen, and feathers the tip of his middle finger over Gerald's prostate. Gerald comes with a shout, his body almost bending in half with the force of his orgasm. His nerves are alight even after his orgasm is over and he shivers while John holds him close. John kisses his cheeks and his forehead and his eyes. He tells him again.
"Yeah," John says, not sounding very enthusiastic, which Gerald picks up on immediately.
"John, I think you may be minimizing—"
"Oh, you poor dear!" Mrs. Hudson said and took Sherlock out of John's arms.
"It's normal, John. Release of endorphins, oxytocin, all that stuff. Makes you feel warm and cuddly, emotionally open, all the stuff men are not supposed to be. The orgasm was good, though, yeah?"
time together!"
"Huh, that's funny," says the driver as he pulls out into traffic.
“Uh,” John says, still holding onto Sherlock's hips.
"Sherlock—"
Sherlock lifts his own lofty brow, and says, "Lead the way, darling brother," gesturing grandly, though vaguely, in the direction of the sitting room. Mycroft sniffs, and walks back to the sitting room. Greg sits in John's chair, his eyebrows raised as well, but more out of humor than arrogance, and Mycroft steals Sherlock's chair. He and Sherlock glare at each other, but Sherlock capitulates after only a few seconds, and throws himself down on the couch, pulling his dressing gown tightly around himself.
"He needs the iron if he's to make the shift to human. There is—" Mycroft took a deep breath and stretched his neck. "Anemia makes it difficult to change forms."
John rolled his eyes then his shoulders sagged. "Look—let's call a truce. You know how to do this better than I do and I still need answers I can't get anywhere else. He's your brother, and I get that you want to have access to him, but I want your word that you won't do anything against Sherlock's wishes. And that includes taking him away from here."
"Why not?" John asks, feeling flustered and defensive at the vehemence in Gerald's voice.
John doesn't even realize he was holding his breath until it all comes out of him in a rush and he gives in to his urge to comfort Gerald, but Gerald holds up his hand, refusing to meet John's gaze.
"You're still on my shit list, you know," John points out.
"I'm going to wait until Asda opens so I can get a few things for this. Applesauce and stuff. Don't make that face at me! I'm quite upset, too. None of those fabulous blowjobs. I'm beginning to think I love your mouth more than you."
Then Chatsworth, sounding utterly himself, said, "This might be a little disorienting for you the first couple of times you witness this, John."
His voice is neutral, calm. Sherlock can imagine him leaning against the wall near the window, his arse the only thing connecting him to the wall. Arms crossed. Legs crossed at the ankle. Relaxed.
he said quickly before anyone could correct him. "I need to go back to work. I really should drive back to town tomorrow afternoon at the latest."
"Sherlock?"
"He's not going to die if I'm away from him for a couple of hours."
know how to love you forever."
"Well, I must confess that when I was first given this assignment I wasn't very thrilled. But now that I've met you, I'm looking forward to getting to know you. And Sherlock, of course."
Gerald puts the glass on the bedside table and crashes into the bed on his side. He throws an arm over John's shoulders. John turns his face to look at Gerald and they grin at each other.
John is standing by himself on the street watching Sherlock on the roof of St. Bart's. John watches as Sherlock falls.
Yesterday—no Tuesday night—the old fear of being perceived as less than masculine cropped back up because there
"I'll make sure to point that out," John says with a snort, taking a drink of his beer, resentful of the disdain he knows Sherlock must have for this part of John's life, and how unlikely it will be for them to intersect.
"You look miserable, darling, what happened? Come in and sit down," Gerald says when he opens the door.
"Oh, definitely. Did you ask him any specifics? What the two of you would be doing?"
I thought we were all fine
"Let me—" he began to protest, but between one blink and the next, the driver had stepped away, twisting his finger like he was raveling up invisible yarn around it. Then the man flicked his finger, like flicking away a booger.
Mycroft sighed with what could only be described as
Gerald chuffs laughter.
"Well, apparently he had a sniper on me, Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson and people watching the roof of St. Bart's and if they didn't see Sherlock jump, then the snipers had orders to kill us."
bullying this boy and not being able to do
The shaft is four inches long, five and a half if you include the "engine" bit. It's roughly equal in circumference to three fingers, part of why John loves it so much. It fills him out nicely and the straight design means he's not likely to hit his prostate straight on when he uses it on himself, which would be too much stimulation to be comfortable. It has a fierce little engine on it, and Gerald has compared John to the vibrator many times, which always leaves John threatening bodily harm.
while you were gone!" He lowered his voice to a whisper. "I think Chatsworth is secretly working for Mycroft."
John thought it was probably time to set down some clear rules for Sherlock, now that he had a human skin and could go out into the world. Frankly, the world wasn't ready for Sherlock Holmes.
"Yeah," John says again, blushing beet red at hearing Mycroft say the word
"Every minute?"
"I want you to fuck me," Sherlock murmurs, leaning forward to part John's lips with his tongue. John kisses him back, his hips making tiny upward movements, but then John gently pushes him away, and says, "No," and then, "I have to pee. And your breath stinks." Sherlock frowns, and retorts, "So does yours."
John carries a little brown notebook around with him at all times. It's small enough to fit into his pocket. He uses it to take notes on cases. Nine hours after Sherlock kills himself, John's sitting in his chair, staring at nothing. He's just woken up from his wank in Sherlock's bed. He picks the notebook up and begins to write.
"Hello, John," he says when John answers the phone.
boy, and wanting to be a
When he first met Sherlock and people assumed they were together, John had fiercely protected his sexuality. Later, after Sherlock faked his suicide, John realized it hadn't been his sexuality he'd been protecting, but his
you're still alive! I can't
“He’s an ugly fucker,” Bradley says. “Wouldn’t wanna be in your position. ‘Course, I’m too ugly for a man to find me attractive, but you have a pretty face. I’m sure he’ll like you just fine.”
John fell back a step and grunted at the impact when Sherlock flew straight into him. He wrapped his front legs around John's neck and his tail around John's waist.
"Do you want to talk about it?" Gerald asks softly.
"Thank you for your help," John said and then, face heating, looking away, "Should I, um, give you a tip?"
John doesn't even hesitate and Gerald's face breaks out into a grin to rival toothpaste ads everywhere. John reaches out for him and Gerald frowns and holds his hands up.
Whitney has a wife and son in New Orleans, but he keeps a flat in the French Quarter where he takes his lovers. He keeps his lovers for more than one night but not longer than three weeks. It's also likely, or so the FBI and MI6 hope, that Whitney may store evidence of his criminal activities at the flat. Anything that Sherlock finds that might help them to dismantle the New Orleans branch of the trafficking ring is to be recorded and turned into Sherlock’s FBI handler, Emery Tate.
The house is set back from the road at least a quarter mile and the drive from the main road to the house is unpaved. Several times, Sherlock thinks about begging to be let out to walk. Elspeth navigates it carefully, but he has to stop once with the dry heaves.
He examines the gauze. It's wet with sweat and slightly pink with watery discharge. The doctor told him to expect it. Suddenly, Sherlock freezes. He'd forgotten about the medical brief. The last Sherlock saw, it was sitting on the kitchen table and John hadn't yet read it.
Sherlock, merely
want you."
In the end, smuggling a dragon out of the flat was easier than John thought it would be. Chatsworth had called for two vans. One for him and John and Sherlock; the other for all their stuff. Sherlock was cooperative, having been told he could get out of the crate as soon as they had the van doors shut. Since Chatsworth was driving, John had to help Sherlock out of his confinement and then somehow, with both himself and a hundred and twenty-five pound dragon crammed in the back of the van, figure out how to fold up the crate to make more room.
Sherlock fucks Blaine with his cock the same way he fucked him with his fingers – slowly, inexorably, ferociously.
. John asks, "Er, so you, uh, what—want to wear stilettos and your Belstaff while we have sex?" Sherlock shakes his head quickly, still staring at his laptop, and then it hits John. "You want
~Teddy~
tender and sweet compliment from Sherlock, who nobody would believe capable of this kind of loving gesture, who
So the question is—how does he get John without resorting to dishonesty and, once he has him, how does he keep him? Sherlock isn't looking to undermine the boyfriend or seduce John through manipulation. He
After John explained how many minutes were in an hour and how many hours since John had first touched Sherlock's egg, Sherlock relaxed marginally. He still said
"Yeah, he's—we had a fight. He's in Denmark."
hot tunnel of John's body, hard enough that John must grab onto Sherlock's shoulders to avoid being thrown off. It's John's turn to look stunned as he's bumped up and down on Sherlock's cock, but when John wraps his hand around his own erection, and calls out Sherlock's name, Sherlock fucks him with delirious force. It's the first time Sherlock gets to watch John's face as he comes with Sherlock inside him, and it is a vision, a
"John!" Sherlock cried, jumping out of bed. "Look at me!"
Sherlock groans and slumps against the headboard in annoyance. "
For Sherlock, none of that matters. He's secure in his masculinity because masculinity has nothing to do with being straight or gay. And it certainly has nothing to do with wearing a pair of women's shoes.
John kept his hand on the egg and grinned menacingly at Holmes.
"You're wrong," John says, then erupts in laughter until Sherlock pinches his hip.
, John."
Sherlock looks distraught. “They’ll take me out.”
I picked up the prescriptions you needed me to fill?"
. The army paid for medical school and I did my training at Sandhurst like all the rest, and then my CO said
"Yes. Yes, thank you. So, you in fact—"
John had forgotten Mycroft was there and clearly Sherlock had as well because he whipped his head around and hissed at Mycroft.
"He's your brother, Sherlock. You'll have to learn to get along with him."
“Fuck,” Blaine groans and grabs Sherlock again.
Sherlock hums deep in his chest. For a moment, they're content to kiss and rock their pelvises together, but after a while, it stops being enough and starts feeling uncomfortable.
In the middle of the night, John wakes from a nightmare. The bedside lamp is already on and his foggy, nightmare-addled brain can't comprehend why he would be in his own bed, rather than downstairs in Sherlock's bed. He has less nightmares in Sherlock's bed, which is part of the reason he started sleeping there.
Sherlock allows himself to be led back in the bedroom where John sits him on the bed and then rummages in Sherlock's duffel bag for another t-shirt. Sherlock spreads his legs and John steps in between them without even thinking. He pulls the shirt over Sherlock's head first and then guides Sherlock's arms gently through the sleeves.
"But you knew."
When John opened the door to the flat, Sherlock did a sort of run-hop towards him chanting his name like he had when he'd first hatched.
to protect you."
"Wow. You've really got everything covered!"
But Sherlock no longer offers and John's afraid to ask.
them. They’re my friends, just as much as yours."
"Therapist," Gerald says, pointing at himself.
John eases the dressing gown off Sherlock's shoulders and has him hold it around his waist. Sherlock feels John's body heat behind him and his nerves draw taut in anticipation.
"I am
John gets in his face and stabs his finger in the air. "If you still want me to be your doctor, then we need to
Sherlock nods, and John sets the Transition Time countdown to twenty minus zero minutes and counting.
come untouched, but Sherlock's nailed it (and him) first time. He avoids pumping his fist into the air. He pulls out, pulls off the condom, ties the end, and drops it on the floor.
"No."
manly
Sherlock, away from home for eighteen months, the last month spent being tortured, comes home to find his best friend in a very serious relationship with someone. Sherlock, needing the comfort of home,
. Oh, and let's not forget the Romanian orphans back when the Romanian government declared birth control illegal. Most of those children were permanently damaged, unable to interact socially or learn to care for themselves, despite not being born with any mental disabilities. It was sheer
John doesn't want to see Sherlock so he goes up the stairs to the kitchen door, grabs the prescriptions off the table. Then he's back down the stairs to the entryway and handing them to Gerald.
"Please, don't leave," he says. "Just until I fall asleep?"
"Yes, there is actually," John says, a nervous flutter in his belly that signals
of telling me, you sent me off to run your errand for you and your little resurrected boyfriend! Were you hedging your bets? Keeping the old boyfriend on the line in case the new one didn't work out?"
As he's waiting for the kettle to click off, John thinks of Gerald at home alone in his bed and there's a sudden spike of pain in his chest. He misses Gerald, terribly. Most of all, Gerald would be able to advise him on what to do with Sherlock, on how to handle the—whatever it was—that happened between them last night.
"Oh, my darling boy," Mrs. Hudson says softly. "Oh, my darling, sweet boy. This is the single most joyful day of my life."
"Which pain?"
"Ah," Gerald says and nudges John aside. He turns around and gives John a wink. "You asked about the dried peas? Why don't you have a go. Let's see how long you can kneel without it starting to hurt."
"I'll get it, sit down, sit down. I'll put the kettle on. God, listen to me. I'm every fucking British mum ever.
He feels like he's being suffocated with the need to have Gerald's cock in his arse, and he won't be able to breathe again until he feels Gerald moving inside him, but Gerald refuses to rush. (Gerald, in general, despite the impression that he's constantly in motion, is a slow and steady person, which makes John crazy sometimes. Gerald is never late, but that punctuality is only achieved by a methodical approach to leaving the house, and John is usually pacing by the front door and checking his watch by the time Gerald is ready to go.)
John sags against the wall and rubs his hand over his forehead in frustration. He's lonely and has nobody to talk to about what happened. (Obviously Sherlock isn't sympathetic about the breakup, and, of course, he has his own fears and sorrow to overcome)
Mycroft sat down in the chair opposite John's. "I propose we work out a care schedule so that John isn't the only one responsible for Sherlock. Obviously—" at this he took in a deep breath and squared his shoulders "—I cannot take on a full third as my job requires me to be constantly on call. My work hours are long and I tend to work seven days a week." At this he smiled thinly.
John grins against the skin of Gerald's neck, Gerald's hair falling over his head like a curtain as he kisses John's head.
"Add some milk," Mycroft said, radiating satisfaction.
"I'm just curious! If you don't want to tell me—" John says, putting his hands up like it's no skin off his nose whether Sherlock tells him or not, even though it's suddenly the most important thing in the universe and his skin is prickling with apprehension, but anticipation as well. If Sherlock is as good at being kinky as he is about almost everything else, he could probably talk John around to all kinds of debauchery.
and also
"Sherlock Holmes! How dare you leave us behind to think you were dead!" She jerks her thumb in John's direction. "And
—condom."
John would have spent the
Sherlock's face does this thing that reminds John of the night he had the flashback, when his head was ducked down low and he was ashamed and John swore he would never make him feel ashamed, not about sex, but that's what he's done. The light has gone out of Sherlock's face, and his body is stiff and he's turned back to the computer, his shoulders hunched up over it as his fingers hover over the keys and John is mad,
, but he releases his hold on John instead, who climbs out of Sherlock's lap in a slightly amusing, uncoordinated way in the effort not to hurt him. John sets the blister pack of clonazepam on the desk.
Sherlock, bless him, sees the look in John's eyes and attempts, though not very strongly, to warn the man that he has, perhaps, just written his own death certificate.
"That's fine, sweetheart. I'll drop it all off around noon. So have it to me by say, ten tomorrow morning? Good. Love you!"
"He didn't tell me anything. I asked the questions I needed to ask in order to treat his wounds and then I fed him, gave him his meds and put him to bed."
Sherlock allows her to cup the nape of his neck and press his head down on her shoulder. (She almost has to reach up on tippy toes to do it, but the heels on her shoes give her the extra height she needs.) Much to his dismay, Sherlock finds his own eyes watering.
"Don't bother," Sherlock says, suddenly rushing across the room to the door where he stops, his feet planted inside the doorway, but his upper body swaying towards the stairs, and, barely turning his head to the side, says, "I have things to do. You'll just be in that way."
"There will be no running away. Now, I told you to stand
"Mm," is all Gerald says, but he pulls the vibrator out slowly and then sets it on the sheet. He looks up at John, his brown eyes turned black with lust and says, "I think you would be more comfortable on top."
"Congratulations, Sherlock," Olivia says in her dry Scottish way. "You're officially our babysitter from now on."
The last sentence is said so quietly, it might as well be a whisper.
John's breath is sour and Sherlock thinks
? I feel like I don't know you anymore! I keep expecting you to suddenly wake up as your old self, and then I'll be relegated to the sidekick position again. What happens when you're taking cases again, when you have your puzzles and mysteries to solve?"
, you know?" hoping that Sherlock knows what he means by
?" He turned his attention to Holmes and shuddered with disgust. "You experimented on your
That's not so bad! I like the whole thing where you're like "healthy stuff, healthy stuff, healthy stuff. Oh! And chocolate biscuits."
We all have an inner monologue, Dr. Reed says, an idea of
Sherlock tugs again, and John follows, moving closer, then closer still until they're breathing each other's air, and Sherlock pats his arm.
Gerald looks over at him, his brows drawn together, looking pleasantly surprised.
man, not
With a new burst of energy, John bent to the task of combing over every inch of his apartment in search of clues to the black-haired man. He began with his luggage.
Meg doesn't really have anything to do with this story, but she needs to be thanked anyway. We first started emailing each other in the early days of my series
and then wait thirty minutes before taking another. Orally disintegrating does not mean it works immediately, just that it gets into your
Sherlock gives a particularly long and melodramatic noise of irritation, sounding like a cat trying to cough up a furball.
"Okay, but what's the big secret? Why won't you and Gerald say anything? I mean, who is this bloke, that you would break up with Gerald the minute he comes back to London?"
Sherlock's temper flares at John's words. "
Even Mycroft visits occasionally (or kidnaps John), making the effort to maintain a relationship with John even though they have never seen eye to eye. John begins to enjoy Mycroft's sly humor and arrogant disdain when it's turned on everyone else. One day Mycroft quietly admits to John that he knows John was in love with Sherlock.
in a loop in his head. Sherlock pulls his index finger out, slowly, pressing it down as he goes, dragging along the inside bottom of John's rectum, and just barely misses his prostate. John still makes a sound that is meant to be,
"How are you?" Gerald asks quietly, stopping a couple of feet away.
"Again,
to being there, like being terrified is a natural state of being. And it is
human, John. I am human
Sherlock grips John tighter and starts stroking up and down through the fabric.
Sherlock turned around several times in John's lap, his long tail coiling around, before finding the position he wanted. "They go away when I don't want them and then come back when I do." Sherlock gave him a demonstration, and John bit back the yell when Sherlock's claws caught in the meat of his thigh. Sherlock immediately retracted his claws and ducked his head, covering his face with his tail. In a small voice he said, "Sorry."
Sherlock glares at the invitation, and then reads, "Fifteenth and sixteenth of April two-thousand and seventeen. Details provided within. Accommodations, directions, etcetera."
"Just—just go home, John," Gerald says, his voice congested with tears, and strangely flat.
John gave a brief and very clinical explanation of the purpose of a penis.
dead?"
John chuckles and Gerald holds it open so John can walk through. Through the door is
She doesn't sound mad, but Sherlock feels ashamed and disgusted in equal measures. At least it was just cocaine this time, and ecstasy and marijuana are only psychologically addictive, at least for him. Heroin withdrawal is
That draws Sherlock up short, and for a moment his face echoes his hesitance, but then he takes three long steps, wraps his fingers around John's precious head, and captures John's bottom lip between his own.
But nothing makes sense right now so John lets his eyes slide away. He runs a hand over one of Sherlock's shirts. He's wanted to do that for a long time. He pretends he can feel the heat of Sherlock's body underneath the shirt. John watches Sherlock fall from the roof of St. Bart's again. He slams the wardrobe shut.
John thinks that if he had been a better friend or a better man or a braver man, then maybe Sherlock wouldn't have jumped. Maybe if John had told Sherlock he was in love with him then Sherlock would have felt he had something to live for, even if it was just to mock John for being enslaved by sentiment. Maybe if John had been the kind of man worth living for even when you felt like dying then Sherlock wouldn't have jumped. He would have come home and he would have talked about it with John and they would've figured it out together.
"You're a good man," she says quietly. "I know how much you love Gerald, how much it must hurt to be without him, but if you're in love with this other man then you need to
"I did, but it's not open ended. I told them I'd be back within a few weeks."
Mycroft rolled his eyes, looking disturbingly like Sherlock, and said, "You're supposed to put the milk in before you pour the tea to prevent the heat from cracking the china."
"For you, darling, anything. I'll see you in a bit, then. Love you."
"He's perfectly capable of saying no, Mycroft," Sherlock mumbles without his usual vitriol.
way, sir," Chatsworth said with a nod. "Even if it's cleaning up dragon poop."
, as you put it.
to me in the first place!"
. The truth? To let me sort you out and sort me out and then—I don't know."
"Sleep," Sherlock whispers, his eyes closed, his eyelashes making smudged shadows on his cheeks. "M'love."
“You’re thinking how fucking lucky you are. Am I wrong?”
With that, John stalks to his bedroom and slams the door.
Solemnly, Mycroft said, "You have my word. Truce it is."
, Sherlock said as John mounted the stairs to their flat.
John's breath catches painfully, and it's a long, long while before John stops breathing very carefully through his mouth, weeping as silently as he can, improbably joyful for a man with a broken heart.
gesture, Holmes, with obvious reluctance, said, "We're magical creatures. We can change between the two forms."
"You can't, love," John murmured, though it made him inordinately sad to say so. "I'm absolutely knackered, so let me shower and grab something to eat. I don't want to leave you in here by yourself in case you get the idea you should be hatching while I'm sleeping. I guess I'll have to take you to bed with me." This last part he said mostly to himself.
when he gets in except for the faintest sound of the platform legs scratching momentarily at the hardwood floor.
John grins. "Babies do have that effect on people."
The second—when he's lying.
"Oh my God," John muttered. He turned himself around so at least he wouldn't have to watch Sherlock watching him. Once he was down to his pants, he hesitated. "I'll have to put you in first, okay?"
too! John, I'm not seeing the issue here. Does your age make it difficult for you to achieve an erection?"
"I need a shower and food, and then we need to talk," John says, wiggling his way out of Sherlock's arms.
"Isn't fixing people basically what a therapist is supposed to do?" John asks.
, I realized that the reason I didn't have a life outside of Sherlock,
"You're a maniac," John murmurs, voice infused with his deep appreciation for Sherlock's maniacal tendencies, and watches as Sherlock reaches into his dressing gown and pulls out a small pump bottle of slick. John shakes his head, smiling, and says, "Of course you would have lube in your pocket. Seriously, have you stashed bottles all over the flat?" and Sherlock growls and sucks John's lower lip in between his teeth and doesn't answer. He has the bottom of the bottle awkwardly held in his left hand, tipped against his chest to keep it situated, with his right index finger poised to press down on the pump dispenser, but he's trying to kiss and rub his crotch against John's and juggle the bottle at the same time. He pushes down on the dispenser, which is aimed so the slick will end up in his palm—the same one that holds the precariously situated bottle—and when he finally presses the top with his index finger, he misses and the cool liquid shoots out of the bottle and hits John's t-shirt.
He doesn't make it further than that into the house for a week.
anymore!" Sherlock growls, pushing himself to his knees, and then launches off the bed, and begins to pace. "I want to touch you, and I want you to touch me! It's no longer enough to hear you say you're in love with me, John. I know—well, I can't actually know, personally, what you've given up for me, but I do know that I can't keep paying for the choice I made. I would do it all over again. I would burn my way through the world for you, John! Are those the actions of an unfeeling machine, a man who doesn't know how to love? It does actually hurt, you know—being home finally, having survived, being in your bed every night, my arms wrapped around you, and yet you might as well be halfway across the world again, for all the hope it gives me."
"I would be waiting for you—"
Everyone else is here already. As John goes around handing out hugs and kissing cheeks, nobody mentions that John is the only one who didn't bring his significant other.
At the compliment, Gerald tucks his hair behind his ear, a gesture John has come to know means Gerald's feeling uncertain; but Gerald starts to smile, almost despite himself and before long, he's broken into a full grin and just like that, his face is open again. The sun is out. John bathes in it.
the walls of text when I haven't sent them in a long time.
"God, how could they stand it? Sherlock wasn't back a day before we, well—you know that story."
It's not that Sherlock doubts he
and John has a new fear—that he'll chicken out before Sherlock gets back, just like he chickened out before Sherlock died and he thought he'd lost his chance. He said then he would never let fear stop him from grabbing something he wanted.
"Yeah, I'm not sure that's any better."
for you? If you must know the details, here they are—" Sherlock says, pacing up and down the kitchen floor. "Their potential killers were found and dispatched that same day, and Mycroft's agents didn't find anyone who'd been tasked with taking their place.
, he thought, and hauled himself up.
"Breathe, John," Gerald says. "I'm just saying—what would it really cost you?"
Only it isn't. He left home at half seven and it's after eight.
"Oh, I wanted to suck you off," Gerald says, sounding blissfully sated rather than particularly disappointed.
As soon as Sherlock has fallen asleep, John eases himself out of bed. He picks his phone up where he left it on the table beside his chair and dials Gerald's number.
John gets a chair from the desk and brings it up right next to Sherlock's. He sits down and lays his hand on Sherlock's left forearm and squeezes it gently and Sherlock feels his defenses breaking down. He opens his mouth to say something like
Fondly, John watched him. He couldn't wait for Sherlock to take his human form, but there was much to be recommended in having a small dragon as one's best friend.
When he sees Sherlock, he covers his mouth with his hand and tears squeeze from his eyes. Mycroft keeps himself in check while the nurse helps Sherlock sit, as comfortably as possible, in a chair, with his IV trolley safely tucked next to him.
and let his body push the reset button. (For the third time today). He can practically
"Obviously," John says, making Sherlock laugh.
"Some of them will love you, and some of them will hate you. No matter what they feel, you
John pushes himself up off the floor, his knees creaking, and goes into the kitchen and starts the kettle.
John's surprised to find his face wet when they finally pull apart. He scrubs the tears away with both hands, laughing wetly. Gerald is sniffing and wiping his own face.
. An empty mug sits next to it, forgotten.
ridiculous. Now let go of me so I can go get showered and changed."
As Sherlock grew, it became harder for him to navigate through the flat without knocking something over or bumping into things. John and Chatsworth had to clear everything out that wasn't absolutely necessary and push the larger furniture against the walls to leave plenty of room.
John laughs so hard, he bangs his elbow on the edge of the sink. Sherlock frowns at him in mock puzzlement and feels his heart flapping, climbing, catching the wind and soaring. John knows Sherlock loves him and—more importantly—John loves him back.
"I quite prefer being equals."
?" Sherlock asks, stalking towards him, and as Sherlock herds him towards a wall, he feels suddenly vulnerable in his nudity. He holds up his hands, and stuttering, says, "I, I sh—shouldn't ha-have let myself—" His back is pressed against the wall, and Sherlock looms over him, and when he raises his hand, John flinches, and Sherlock jerks back, away from him and paces over to the window.
Bernie sticks her tongue out and turns away with Milton. She raises her voice slightly and says, "Party's over! Everyone see yourselves to the door. Goodnight!" and disappears down the hallway to the bedrooms.
, he thinks.
, just that he's obviously not as erect as Sherlock is, though
"Does it matter?" he asks, shrugging in defeat.
Sherlock cocks his head to the side, as though considering it, and says, "Take your clothes off, and put your hands on the bedframe. If your hands are restrained, and you're not behind or over me, I think I'll be less likely to—" He can't say the words, he just can't, not when John's melting into the bed, and it's the middle of the day, and he's supposed to be at work, and it reminds Sherlock of being at university, fucking in dorm rooms in the afternoon in between lectures, their bodies twisting, snaking through his mind, all that skin, and cocks and cunts, and
Rebecca gives him a predatory wink and pulls the door out of John's hands. The cab pulls away, and John is left standing on the sidewalk, smiling like he's mental, getting hard, thinking of all the dirty things Sherlock has groaned and whispered in John's ear every time they have sex.
He spots Blaine as soon as he walks in. Blaine is not quite, as Bradley so inelegantly described him, “an ugly fucker.” He’s three inches taller than Sherlock has broad shoulders, and is well-muscled without being bulky. He certainly doesn’t look like he heads a human trafficking ring. His dark brown eyes are large and round, and ringed in thick black lashes. He keeps his light, golden-brown hair cut neatly, and his skin is the same color as his hair.
"John! You have to go back
"What's wrong? Are you sick?" John asks, even as he's climbing onto the bed, one hand trapping Sherlock's wrist to check his pulse, the other hand slipping inside Sherlock's shirt to feel the temperature of his skin.
"Um, yeah. I mean, we get to talk about it first, though, right?" John asks. Gerald is silent, staring at John with narrowed eyes so John adds, "Your eyes are kind of scary right now. Say something."
"A lube launcher," John says, and tries—he honestly
"That was quite a speech," Dr. Reed says, sounding wholly unimpressed. "And I think I might even be persuaded to believe that a few of the things you said were true. For the most part, though, it was utter tosh."
do it?"
"So, when I say that I have formed an
John makes quick work of his
Soon, they're cruising along at sixty miles an hour. There's very little traffic back and forth, just the swell and curve of land spread out before him covered in blue sky so bright it hurts to look at. He's never seen sky like this. In the distance are a grey jumble of clouds that suggest rain.
and gingerly removes the wad of gauze between his arse cheeks. He needs to replace it but he doesn't know how he can get to the kitchen and find the gauze without John noticing.
He leans in to kiss Gerald whose stitches have only been out a day and whose lips John has been aching for. They've avoided sex since Gerald got his stitches. The first time John tried to give him head afterwards, Gerald almost tore his stitches crying out when he came and after John had stopped laughing, they decided to wait.
John groaned. "Sherlock—I'm perfectly happy to cuddle with you, but you can't do it when I'm asleep. If I'd been awake, I would've told you I didn't like your tail holding me down like that, and then we could've cuddled in a way that we
This was not
have thought applied to Sherlock).
!" John says.
He pulls back the collar of Gerald's shirt to suck and lick along the tendon while Gerald hisses and sighs. John pulls back and looks at him. Gerald's eyes are dark, his face flushed, his hair tangled where John's fingers were twisting through it.
, was half my fault, and half his. He—I think—he did it on purpose, made it incompatible to go out on dates, and have a job, and the other things ordinary people do. We were lying to each other a bit, I think—we didn't have anyone else outside of each other, not really—I mean, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, you know, Molly, Mike.
"Don't worry about helping out, sir. Go on and get your rest. Sherlock is safe in my hands."
"He's in Denmark," John says. He shrugs his shoulders.
John shouted. "He's bloody prancing around the bedroom
“I have passports and cash. I can get you what you need, too. We can get into Mexico and then you can disappear,” Blaine says.
Sherlock can hear the sharp intake of breath behind him. John comes around to the front. He's blinking quickly, trying to master his emotions. Sherlock's heart swells with love for him.
John is already walking into the kitchen and filling up the kettle when Sherlock asks.
of privacy.)
"So, tell me, Sherlock—what are you
Chatsworth shook his head with a smile. "You know that whole thing about dragons hoarding treasure?"
"Excuse me, a
When Gerald looks up, John is stunned by what he sees on Gerald's face. Gerald looks devastated, near tears.
in a very small voice, and John reacts so vehemently that alarm sparks in Sherlock's eyes, and John has to pull himself back and slow down and cool off.
?" Sherlock asks him.
"Fine, order something," Sherlock says, rolling his eyes. "Although now what I have to tell you will be anticlimactic so I might as well just say it. NSY is holding a press conference on the twenty-sixth to clear my name. There, see? That's why I wanted to tell you right away."
One kiss turns into two turns into three turns into Sherlock's fingers and lips sketching lines connecting one freckle to another on Elspeth's shoulders.
John gives Sherlock the side-eye every time this happens.
"—it was indigestion—"
"I'm just asking for some
, you idiotic
This brings a bright smile to Gerald's face, the same devastating smile that once stole John's heart. It affects him still but the ache it conjures has receded. Gerald pats him on the shoulder and then turns him towards the door to the house. "Let's go inside and fawn all over Milton so Olly and Bernie can preen."
John looked at Chatsworth askance. "Are you supposed to spy on us? Like, report everything we do—or don't do—to Mycroft?"
"It's so tedious when you state the obvious," Sherlock huffs, then berates himself for being rude so soon after being forgiven by John.
themselves, because once you slap it on, you have to carry it around with you forever. World's Only Consulting Detective is about as much label as he's willing to carry).
"Go back to London, John. I'll call down and have a car waiting to drive you. I'm going flying. Please be gone before I get back."
Blaine’s hands come up to cup Sherlock’s face and they kiss - it’s gentle and sweet.
John sighs. "Yeah, I do, I just would like to eat first before I have to deal with anything else."
Clearly John is
"Well, yes, the water doesn't just clean you by itself. You need soap."
"Sherlock, once the bond is made, it can't be broken until one of you dies."
"Sherlock," John says quietly and Sherlock pushes himself carefully to his knees to see John kneeling next to the bed. John moves to take his hands and Sherlock grips them so hard, he can see John wince.
The sudden stillness and quiet makes John look up only to find everyone's eyes locked on Sherlock.
In another week, Sherlock will have to move on. They won't see each other again.
"They're having a party to celebrate the baby, and they've invited us." John hesitates, not wanting to trip Sherlock's defensiveness by suggesting he has to be bribed to attend a social function with John, but also not wanting to be outright rejected for asking Sherlock to go. "Saturday night. Do you want to go?"
"You needed comfort? Maybe intimacy with someone you knew as a, uh, to re-establish control over your own sexuality after being—violated?"
"It's not anything you did, I promise. It's just that, well, clearly you're still very much in love with Sherlock and I didn't think you would want more than, you know, a one night stand."
"Yes, he seems to prefer male voices to female ones, which is just shit luck for him, poor doll. Did you hold him?"
Gerald brushes past him and moves to open the front door. John stops him with a hand on his forearm.
"I shouldn't have—"
"Tell me when we get to my flat," Gerald says, and pats John's hand comfortingly.
still want—I'd like to try it."
"You can't just up and leave him!" Chatsworth whispered.
After he and Sherlock acknowledged their relationship, Sherlock offered to bottom, but John said he wasn't comfortable with it. And he
"I can take you upstairs and show you if you'd like," Gerald says, still laughing.
"Yeah, I just drove another bloke to this address. He said he was gonna take the underground, but decided to splurge on a taxi. I picked him up down by the Baker Street station. I'm guessing you know him since you're going to the same address?"
