Looking up with his eyes, he was glad to see John tossing back his head with an unbelievable moan, a hand falling over his face to cover it as if ashamed. Sherlock let him be, making remarks and commenting, questioning, shifting attention wouldn't work in John's favour, it seemed, so he just continued handling three tasks at once, his finger pushing in deeper now. John seemed so overwhelmed by this, it made Sherlock heart swell in adoration for this man. 'Three continents Watson' mewling like a teenager in his first rut as his Omega worked his cock and arse. To Sherlock it was beautiful.
It was the best 'I love you' Sherlock had heard from him in weeks.
Sherlock placed his hands on the outsides of John's thighs, gripping gently as he kissed a trail up the insides. He varied between simple kisses, nips and sucks in certain areas and burying his nose in it as well in other areas, stimulating his nerves so that all zones felt erogenous, seemingly succeeding when John let out aroused grunts, his cock stiffening until it was fully erect. That was when he further ignored the pulsing member to bite and suck along his mate's hip bones, following the V-line and yet never touching the large penis that stood so proudly and unashamed right next to his face. With John's position he could and did reach back to the other's arse, his thin hands sliding under without resistance and John's questioning frown deepened when Sherlock pulled his pelvis forth, his upper body sinking into lower angles gradually as his midsection came close to lay flat on the couch and he seemed to realise what was happening when Sherlock lay his calves over his back so that his knees bend wherever the Omega decided to move with his shoulders.
John's left hand shook between their bodies. Sherlock felt ill.
“Yeah, be a shame to skip right to desert.” He took the glasses and wine she handed him with a smirk.
“John, just because I myself might not be overly romantic doesn't mean I can't be in a romantic relationship.” Sherlock grumbled and set his toast down. He wasn't hungry in the least.
“You seem surprised.” Sherlock noted, looking at John softly.
He retrieved some pants and got his dressing gown, and emerged from the bedroom, finding John cutting some bell pepper in the kitchen.
What neither had thought at that time, was that they'd end up together.
Sherlock sighed and waved his hand dismissively. “Well, I suppose you haven't noticed since I haven't left the flat for the last 4 weeks except for a doctor's visit three days ago, but now that you are here: Is it really that inconspicuous?! I know you can't smell me because you're a Beta, but- god, look at me! I'm turning into a Mycroft!” Sherlock exclaimed, angry that the DI actually thought him willing of gaining weight without reason.
He simply pushed past the ranting, questioning? nurse and dug out his phone as he grabbed his coat and made his way out. “Greg. Ely Place. Get there now.”
“Bunny!” said Rosie and Alex loudly.
The man in front of them hesitated. “I already phoned the school and told them he was staying with his father for a while. Anything he does concerning school is in his Alpha's hands.”
John took Angelo's absence as an opportunity to look around and study the familiar grounds. The restaurant was busy, but to a more than acceptable level, the conversations around them blurring into an even buzz with the occasional laughter topping it. There were people of all ages, families, friends, lovers and even a group of probably entertainers of some sort, regarding the straight backs and graceful movements. When his eyes fell back on his mate, he was aware he had been looking at him all that time. He cocked his head to one side as in question.
“Mh, do you like them?” he asked the small group of toddlers. They nodded and Alex let out a euphoric “YESS!”
“Shh.” Sherlock whispered back to him, slowly taking his body to the empty side of the bed. “I know you are growing as desperate as me, but unlike you, I can't hold back any more. You are going to watch.” the Omega explained and John's eyes widened.
Sherlock noted the tremor in John's hand and deduced that he'd sat down only because his leg had begun hurting again.
“Now, Mycroft and Sherlock always had something about them. We knew they'd turn out... 'different' when they were only children. After our first we had an idea what 'normal' would be like and they weren't that.” her husband now spoke, with a smile that betrayed his words. He should look disappointed, going by his words, but instead, he looked as proud as any alpha parent would.
“Any cases brought to you that you're interested in?” John asked, biting a large bit of his toast.
“Who says I wasn't bullied?”
When he woke again, he had forgotten he'd even fallen asleep. But most importantly, John wasn't there. Sherlock knew it was stupid and irrational, but immediately fear rose fast and strong inside his chest, his upper body shooting into a vertical position, the soar muscles a dull pain as his eyes widened and he clutched his chest, mouth agape to manage the sudden need for quicker exchange of fresh and used air. He sat there for a minute, just staring at his blanket-covered legs as he wondered why he was reacting this way. It wasn't doing him any good, was it.
When he'd put them all to bed later that evening, he came back downstairs, making tea and sitting down in his usual armchair. Sherlock was sitting in the other one, though he was caught up in his mind palace. The Omega sipped at his tea; he'd missed the taste of it. Eventually, he'd gotten himself tea without caffeine, but it just wasn't the same.
Now, the only things he had to worry about were, that he had fallen into heat. His first heat ever. At age 33. He had pulled John with him, without the slightest intention of doing so. John would be mad, really mad. John was strong and controlled and he had dragged him into a hormone-driven frenzy with a man – less appreciatively, with himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
John suddenly sat up, causing some of the water to splash over the edge of the tub. “Shit, really?! Sorry, I meant to prepare lunch!” John said quickly, hurrying to get out of the water that had turned a little cool.
“What?”
“Take what is yours.” Sherlock ordered quietly and John followed, burying his nose in Sherlock's neck, holding him by the hips.
It was fun, really, watching determined and confident John Watson come apart more and more as his pregnancy progressed.
“I'm sorry.” he said between breaths, opening his eyes to look back at Sherlock apologetically.
am the one who's supposed to keep control even in such a situation, which I didn't. I am indescribably sorry! Know, that I did not just use you, never wanted to! It's just- you were smelling so-... I lost it. I'm so, so sorry!”
“John, have we talked about all this? I remember a lot of talking, but I'm not sure I was in my right mind.”
John's face told him that he was trying to reconstruct his thought process and failing. “How?”
Well, at least they were home now, they'd never stayed in a fight for long and he was sure once they had acclimatised back to their life together, mistrust and other ill-natured feelings between them would fall dead after a while. Considering their bond was strong enough for Sherlock to reach out and for John to locate him through it, it would also be strong enough to erase all the misunderstandings there may be or might come up still. They just needed to settle and regain their strength, or in John's case, a couple pounds.
So, here it is (finally). I don't know why exactly, no, that's a lie, but let's pretend it wasn't, but somehow this took ages to find its way into the story..
“No, please, just..” Sherlock tried to insist, moving back in to kiss John, who pulled back.
It was beginning to dawn on John what Sherlock was trying to tell him. “The murderer. You think the murderer has the phone?”
Greg processed this a moment. Then he cast an angry look at Sherlock. “You
“No, I don't.” he refused, looking at Sherlock disbelievingly. “Do I?!” he asked in exasperation because if Sherlock deduced he did, he very likely did.
“He's your half-brother.” Sherlock answered and both John and Lisa looked at him.
John, luckily, nodded and got up, turning to pick up his laptop and make his way up to his room when he turns around. “You might want to be in your room for this.. I don't think you'd appreciate someone else walking in on you in this condition, much less a random Alpha from the street, smelling, god,
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, but that would be my doing, wouldn't it?” John piped in as he entered the room, now dressed.
“She has a string of lovers and she's careful about it. She never leaves her phone at home.”
But Sherlock just crawled over him and kissed him like he had done so many times before, when they'd had 'conventional' sex, and it eased John's mind a little.
“You mean you want me to be your slave.”
Sherlock, apparently, caught on immediately. There was a strong wave of sadness rushing through to John. The tall Omega got down on his knees next to John, grasping his hand and looking up at him with big eyes. John didn't dare to look. The mere thought of Sherlock lowering himself in front of anyone, lowering his ego, was just not right. It reminded him of their shared heat and that hadn't been Sherlock he'd been with then. But Sherlock was adamant.
He didn't want to own John, of course. John was very attractive being the free and independent man he was currently living as. But a more primal part of his mind wanted to strap the Omega to his chest, the babies all around them and parade them around through London. Not many people had liked him and he could well see why. But nothing had ever made him so proud as John being his friend. Him and his beautiful children.
Neither of them lost memory of this time, both staying in tune for the wonderful feeling of John's member in Sherlock's wet, tight hole, maddening kisses to whatever part of Sherlock John could reach and that final, blissful moment when orgasm hit them both simultaneously, Sherlock's body milking John for all he could give and John's teeth breaching the skin on Sherlock's neck, closing the circle their bodies and hearts formed sending both of them far, far away into the absolute of human pleasure – the bond of Alpha and Omega.
“I've known him for about an hour and a half, do you really expect me to fall in love with someone that quickly? I think him and I share that sentiment, by the way. However, he is very intelligent, I would be happy to pay for an extended education. I doubt you will find many Alphas to treat him quite as kindly, not to mention, I doubt you will find one that will actually love him before buying him.”
John quickly drew his hand back again. “What is?”
“A skilled and sophisticated Alpha like yourself with a clumsy bitch like me? I understand why he was shocked. I hope my tea burned his chest hair away.” Sherlock breathed.
were different. And you're turning back into that.”
Sherlock inspected the smirk on the Alpha's face. It would be a bad idea to agree, he knew; dangerous on a great many levels. It reflected in John's smile.
. He couldn't have John know, though – he would want to talk and either of them knew that neither of them was good at that.
Once Lestrade's team arrived, people suddenly started moving quickly. Particularly the employees of the club moved towards the back almost in panic. They tried to flee through the back door, which wouldn't open due to the tightly packed Omegas on the other side, some of whom started actively blocking it. It took about 10 minutes to have he building secured and about 30 to officially arrest every last criminal in the venue. Lestrade came back into the foyer with a flock of Omegas tailing him. Tommy went straight for John as soon as he saw him, wrinkled his nose and buried his face in the leg of his jeans.
Sherlock said his name again, but this time, he sounded distant, his name a melody rather than a call. As the Omega started rolling his hips, John understood that he was fantasising.
“Get out!” he was shouting now, his pulse elevating. He was unsettled and it got worse by the second.
And that smirk, yes, exactly. “The pups..?”
They didn't perform oral sex on Omegas, not even if they were their pregnant mates. It was beneath them. Their natural pride wouldn't allow it. Unless it was a perfect bond. A perfect bond.
going to clean that mess up again-”
Of course, John didn't come after his appointment with this client. Instead, he made Sherlock wait, sitting on his bed, until he'd seen his very last patient two hours later. Sherlock wasn't idle in that time. He'd learnt to prepare himself after the first time this had happened. As soon as he could hear the firm, uneven footsteps on the wooden stairs, he got excited. The last week, John had created 3 incidents to justify his “punishments”, each starting and ending differently, making it impossible for Sherlock to get bored. Once, he was even allowed to wait in John's own bedroom.
The corners of John's mouth pulled outwards in his usual demeanour of unamused smiling. Something that had defence and challenge in it and just the tiniest bit of daring. “So, is there something I might be able to help you with?” he asked and Sherlock was sure it was at least partly to distract from his own statement.
“I don't want to sit down.” John said firmly, not wanting to give Mycroft any more physical advantage than he already had; not to mention that he wanted to make it a point he didn't need caring for – not from an Alpha, not from anyone.
“Sherlock.” John interrupted him calmly. How on earth could he stay calm, he was an expectant father, how did he not feel this... this... protectiveness?!
And then the new day would begin as usual and John would fuck him senseless as often and long as he could. And Sherlock would lay there, moving no more than to kiss, to pant and to sometimes claw at John when it was so good, he couldn't hold back. And Sherlock would think on his own. And John would stay silent and give him the opportunity.
sounded. “Yeah, just.. give me a minute. Need to adjust.”
“Yes, alright, Sherlock, I get it, it's fine. He didn't mean it
After some consideration, Mycroft stood, taking another step towards John and bent down, giving him a loose, very awkward hug, even if just to reassure himself that this man did care about finding his brother. John didn't move, safe for his head instinctively turning into the contact, trying to get a whiff of the Holmes family scent. Mycroft's masked alpha scent in it reminded him of how Sherlock had smelled before his heat; Holmes, but somehow not Alpha, not Omega, not even Beta, something rare and unique, an identity of his own. God, he missed that smell. It was adventurous and mysterious. Omega was wonderful and just as perfect, but much more obvious. It lacked a certain thrill, which John was fine with, but he still missed the old days nonetheless. Mycroft drew back again and wordlessly left the flat. The dare hung in the air silently, that 'no word would leave this room'.
“You won't find him...” he breathed, slowly getting back on his feet, mumbling something about being alright as he started a slow shuffle towards the door. Greg tried to hold him back, but John shook his head and walked on, so Greg accompanied him and drove him home, giving him over into his landlady's capable hands and swearing to leave no stone unturned until they found Sherlock.
“Have you eaten?” came the whispered question and internally, Sherlock laughed at the pity he gave himself because John would never cease to feed him while he was carrying a part of him, too.
Her brown eyes drifted up and glid from John to Sherlock and back to the Omega. “My brother is missing. My parents are telling me he's gone on holiday with his dad, but sometimes I secretly stay up at night to read and I heard them talk about it. They mentioned a letter and police, but they won't call them. I think they were threatened not to go to the police.”
John knew Mycroft had some sort of high rank, if perfect suits, sleek cars and personnel were any indication, but that didn't explain how he had access to legally confidential resources or how he'd even know about all the procedures John had been through. “Who the hell are you? How do you know that.” he didn't think he'd ever felt this vulnerable in all his life. This was more than just someone knowing his weaknesses. To him, this was so much more, and so much worse.
“You can't just rely entirely on your mate, Sherlock! Be sensible!”
“When you say 'nothing to fret', do you, in fact, know what that means?!” the Alpha growled in panic? Was it panic? Why ever did the skill of emotional reading subside with the end of his heat again?! Would come in very handy with the conversation with his
perfume a proud one, looked up at him in a mix of offence and disapproval. Patronising. “John H Watson, 36, male, Omega Purist,” he read aloud.
“Mycroft-”
“I don't want to get up.” Sherlock simply replied and it seemed to be enough. John got off the bed and left the room. The Omega stretched and lazily sat up in bed. John returned with two plates. Sherlock was happy to see both plates had at least a reasonable amount of food on them, though it wasn't hard to guess which one was for him.
“You're finally ready.” he breathed hotly.
“Quite a lot of movement you'll have to do. You could try, but anything that lands on me is a favour you own me.” John said, a smirk spreading across his features.
“Sherlock, how about no one?” the look Sherlock threw him at that said all there was to be said. “It'll be fine, really, I'm very capable in that field.”
“God, Sherlock!” he heard John pant heavily.
Last chapter didn't get /any/ comments and while I'm happy about kudos and bookmarks (thanks for those!), I find comments more helpful, you know because of the criticism stuff and all. Did you not like it? If so, you have to tell me! Positive feedback, negative feedback - it's all very welcome! I like to know what you guys think and I like to know when you think I could improve something.. So, yeah.. If it's not too much of a bother, do tell me what you like or don't like - help me make this worth you while! :)
“Quite right.” John turns his head to smile at him.
…just to stop dead, immediately.
It was a lazy afternoon that Sherlock spent in the garden catching bugs and classifying them, using an old book he had found in his father’s library. He relished his solitude. He had always been eager to be left alone but his wish was rarely granted.
Safe?
The next morning, John is sitting in the kitchen, nibbling on a slice of bread, but not even remotely enjoying it. Now and then he shakes his head at the thoughts that cross his mind. He feels the need for a strong scotch and a pub crawl but it is only 9 am. Definitely this evening, though. He'd already sent a text to Mike who agreed eagerly. For now, the food and thinking would have to do.
The Consulting Detective nodded at him to start.
“Milk, two sugars.” Lestrade said when he handed Sherlock his coffee. They had decided to use the break room instead of the DI’s office mostly because it was the only room with a coffee machine. The room wasn’t very welcoming with it’s grey walls and hard chairs but neither Sherlock nor the DI cared much about such petty things.
“John.” Sherlock replied, feigning ignorance and trying unsuccessfully for his usual demeanour.
“Where?” He asked forcefully.
The only warning was a slow lick of his lips before John began to move their joined hands. Setting a steady rhythm around their strained lengths, he leaned down and, supporting his weight with his right arm, let his forehead rest against Sherlock’s. The world around the seemed to shrink until it involved nothing but the room surrounding them and their bodies on the bed. The added slickness made it unbelievably more difficult for Sherlock to keep on watching as John moved his lower body in small fluent thrusts. He felt the strong thighs tense and silky skin glide over his cock. The sensory overload was glorious in a way that had Sherlock gasping and wriggling underneath the skilled doctor.
---------------------
The good thing was that his anger stood in no contrast to the part he had to play. It was his right to be angry with Mary and forgiving was expected to be difficult for him. It was trying enough for him to play his part at times, though. But he had agreed to do so until the Holmes brothers had found a solution for this whole dreadful business. And found out how big the bigger picture really was.
He could feel Sherlock more and more intensely. He knew he was getting closer. And the less the distance between them, the more accurately he could locate him.
“Make your decision. Now.” the doctor demanded firmly. A shudder ran through Sherlock's body.
“Yes, maybe rather not,” Sherlock hummed, musing, “you would probably spill it.” he added, deliberate tease.
Sighing contently, Sherlock pushed John back against the headboard to sit there and straddled his lap, rolling his hips slowly against the Alpha's, who started to moan after only a few moments, his hand still on the Omega's belly, gliding along the lowest line, where the swell got the most obvious.
“I changed your opinion about being with a man.”
The Omega knew it was a stab, but he had always been bad at not defending himself. “She knows about them, they were one of the first things I brought up with her, in fact. She's asked to meet them, but I don't want to take them out the house overnight just yet and for some reason I'm a bit reluctant to bring her here.”
He budged to turn around to face Sherlock, turned away from him as was often the case as he just slept better on his left side, but as soon as he was close to settling in, Sherlock pushed him back onto his back, turning around himself and shimmying down low until he could rest his head on John's belly, smacking his lips contently as his legs conquered everything that was John's lower half. Only to let out a discontented groan as soon as his sleep-limited focus could register the bright light against his closed eyes.
“He'll be out in a minute.” John informed Greg with a little smile, then grabbed Jacob and lifted him out of his high chair. “Right, we're out now. See you in a bit.” And with that, John carried two children, strapped to his chest and back, and their bag downstairs, came back up and took the remaining three in similar manner.
Sherlock Holmes had been someone who'd interested John right from the beginning, which didn't happen often. He was rude, demanding, arrogant and bloody intelligent. He'd first thought the man was some kind of trickster or had looked him up, but had quickly been shown, that he was just a very, impressively clever Omega.
“So, I have practically been bagging you to enlarge our pups, possibly even put an additional one in me?”
“Come on,” John encouraged him with a smirk and a predatory look, “skinny boy like you, long legs, full of grace and rebellion? I bet you look fantastic when you're dancing.”
Yvonne approached him, hands settling on his hips. “That's right, I tried to paint you innocent there. You wanted 'a night full of hot, passionate, wild shagging!'”
The numb physical and severe 'emotional' pain didn't bother him enough to wish for another shot of a dreamland that bared only nightmares. He hadn't even remembered having asked John not to sedate him again before.
“No, I'm fine.” Sherlock replied, pulling at his shirt to close it by the buttons. “It may be wise to shop for bigger clothing, though.” he remarked and, having managed to do the first few buttons up and seeing how the fabric stretched to actually show skin, opened the shirt again to grab a t-shirt instead.
As John started his way into the kitchen, Sherlock suddenly shot up. “When are you going to fuck me properly? You lured me in with a promise you knew I wouldn't reject, but now all I'm good for is quickies?” he asked spitefully.
John gave a weak chuckle and leaned his head against Sherlock's chest. The Omega embraced him and John gladly encased him in his arms as well.
“You've been napping for half an hour.” Sherlock said with a slight chuckle in his voice. Then he straightened. “It was a rough day, I don't blame you. I'll be sleeping soon, too, I hope.”
John tried feigning ignorance, but as ever, he was a bad liar. “What?” he chuckled, pretending not to know what Sherlock was talking about.
Sorry for the long wait. This chapter is absolute bollucks crap. It could have been something, but I feel... unattached at the moment, can't really get into any sort of emotion due to stress and so on, but I need to write to keep the stress level under control and so you get a shitty chapter. Sorry.
“Though this time it wasn't bad to destroy it, was it?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and removed his arm from where it pinned John's throat to the wall. Immediately John's hand reached up to examine his temple which had just taken a serious punch from his mate. “You really need to get your skates on.”
“John, what are you going to do? Sprint after him?” the taller man asked in an amused tone.
“Only that it's not, John, is it? The doctor said it, you heard it- you
The detective couldn't stop the grin from spreading across his face. “What about yourself? Any of this stirring paternal feelings in you yet? Ever thought of starting a family of your own?”
Gentle hushing noises were released as the Omega clawed at him, whining, mewling, his whole body shaking while he tried to bury his nose even deeper in John's neck.
John huffed out an amused breath. “Don't you think that's a bit of a late notice?” he asked, leaning down to kiss Sherlock's temple.
Sherlock frowned at his fair chest hair. “Do you feel like that?” he asked, eyes fixed on where John's heart lay under layers of skin, flesh, bones, blood pipes, lungs.
Through the day, John spent a lot of time playing and teaching, cooking and caring. He loved Sundays because not only was it the second day he got off from work, but the daycare was closed and he had to keep the kids home. It terrified him, but in a way, that helped. Sherlock had no excuse to leave the flat either, so it was a very domestic day that John couldn't describe as anything other than relaxing. Seeing his pups play all around the living room, with Sherlock being dragged into games far more often than John would expect the Alpha to tolerate, gave him a certain sense of family. This calmed him at first, but then made him remember that they weren't family, at least in that sense. Sherlock was his friend. His girlfriend was a few blocks away, and she didn't even know his children. They had only John, no other parent, and even he wasn't always there for them. Part of him wished he could just declare Sherlock their second guardian. He was so good with them and made it seem so easy, it was a pity he didn't want a family of his own. John thought he'd make for an excellent father. Then again, John didn't have any proper reference for good parents and was probably not qualified to make such assessments. There was an uncomfortable longing bubbling up in John, that he knew not to hold onto because it was founded upon a utopian idea that was unhealthy to expect from anyone ever.
John, who was moaning and gasping even as he only kissed, nibbed and bit at Sherlock's skin like it was the first time he had ever felt desire and pleasure and passion, although one might think he'd grown used to all this procedure by now. John, who was treating him with a care no other Alpha would display to him as he pushed his fingers into him and stretched him deliciously.
“I don't know, I quite enjoy one or two of those.”
“And breasts. And wide hips and a
“No. No, I'm glad you did that. Continue doing it, please.”
John chuckled and spoke more quietly to them. “Sherlock made them for us. So, what are you going to do?”
The elder woman wrinkled her nose as she hesitated in giving his pup over to him. Alex, too shifted in disturbance, sleep falling away gradually at the unpleasant smell on his Omega. “Maybe you should take a shower first. If I am bothered by that smell, and I am way past my prime, then I don't think the little ones would appreciate it either.”
He set the bow back on his violin and started to play Beethoven's Sonata no. 14, walking over to the window and looking at the busy life outside, playing for his child's ears inside.
John, on the other hand, struck Sherlock as charming, secluded and honest. In short, ordinary. He really surprised him, though, when John showed him how he chose his acquaintances and by what his morals really were.
“No, really, Greg, I can't. I could have fallen asleep at work, where I sat hours just staring ahead, not taking a sip of coffee, or even here these past few hours, but I just can't. I can't...”
Today was the day. It was the day he would lose John. The day his whole world would fall to ashes. And he realised it too late. Had he known sooner, he could have done...
He was just glad Mrs Hudson was there to catch them and wrap them up in fluffy blankets after cleaning them off, clearing their orifices. He sighed happily when the last one was free, grabbed one of his towels and cleaned himself up lazily before shifting to sit back against the headboard. Mrs Hudson laid the pups out around him for him to pick up and imprint at his own pace. He whispered a soft 'thank you' at her and she smiled, patting his knee and swiftly left the room.
was both relieving and confusing. Relieving, because John wasn't actually screaming at him, just talking to him calmly.
Sherlock, surprised by John's openness, but marking it as an act of hormonal overload, threw him a questioning look. “And what is 'family' in your opinion? Is it really necessary to have blood kin around you? Do people not call their friends their families?”
“Oh,” Greg said, slowly realising the situation properly, “his parents will be glad to have him back then, such a place..”
“But you do have plans?”
As soon as he did, John carefully guided him to lay on his side, budging up against his back, kissing it, leaving more hickies on his skin. Sherlock enjoyed it, the marks made him feel owned and loved. “I want you to sleep in my bed tonight. You did good today.”
John thought about that, breathing more freely again. He'd never really thought about this. What
Sherlock was still on medication to help him sleep through most of his nightmares, so he often woke drowsy after sleeping through a night.
“That's not it, I don't believe.”
“See?” John questioned, expression changing into a gentle smile. “Don't try to be funny, Sherlock, I didn't bond with you for your humour. And besides – you're a lot funnier if you're not trying to be.”
Short, I know, I don't care. Well, actually I do, but let's just pretend I don't.
“Why?”
“Do you touch yourself?” Sherlock asked in an unexpected rush of bravery. He saw a chance to coax John and, by God, he would take it. “During your build-up for sex? Do you think of all the things you want to do to me and pleasure yourself?”
For the first time in over thirty years, Sherlock wanted a family.
John shook his head. “Didn't you notice? They weren't affected by his absence at all. Their acting was about as good as yours, no offense. That was no parental concern, Sherlock.”
“Yes, I don't want children around me, yes it is annoying, but considering my very own habits and how unconventional they are, I will hardly be qualified to judge. Besides, it would be very inconvenient to have you live somewhere else and then call you to a case.”
“Well, I mean.. if you are fine with that..? Never took you for the romantic type..”
Sherlock could feel how John fought his Alpha against the challenge this kind of stare stirred inside him. “Go on.
John shrugged. “I thought you might appreciate the bit more exercise before the release.” he replied to the not-question. His grip on Sherlock's hand a stabilising contact for the recovering Omega.
The world is biased and John has difficulty finding his proper place in it. Luckily, Sherlock knows how to help.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him. “You have already asked me a handful of questions, why would I not grant you permission now?”
Sherlock nodded and pulled John up with him. In their bedroom, John sat up against the headboard of their bed, Sherlock knelt in front of him. They locked eyes with each other and John felt his body starting to shake slightly. Fortunately, Sherlock didn't so much as mention it, even though he had to see it –
We stared at each other still smiling from our laughter and he helped me up before saying
I blushed furiously and made my way upstairs to my room where I could change into something more me.
My face flushed bright red and a single tear rolled down my cheek. I dashed away from the whole scene and down a series of hallways which led me to a supply closet I knew was always unlocked. I closed the door and with my back against the wall I finally let myself cry it out. I usually didn’t get emotional over things but one person can only take so much before they break, I guess today was one of those days. Soft sobs were escaping my lips and I was curled up with my knees to my chest and my back against the chipping wall. I slammed the back of my head against the wall in frustration as I heard a soft knock at the door and the familiar voice of John Watson.
“Maybe stay for dinner while you’re here?
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to embarrass you today...I actually really wanted to get to know you better. Will you let me in?”
There. Sitting casually at an old glass top table checking his phone. Was possibly one of the most attractive guys I’ve ever seen. Woah wait. What are you doing?! Did you just look him up and down? You did not just blush. You Are NOT blushing right now! I quickly composed myself before making my way over to his table and saying in a monotone voice
Great now I was nervous why did I have to be so awkward. It didn’t help that I was blushing again. Gosh why couldn’t I get myself together around this kid?
I hadn’t realized I had said this out loud until John spoke up and said.
I guess Mycroft was just gonna have to be mad I quite liked this John Watson guy. Maybe I’d finally have a friend if I didn’t screw this up. I quickly typed out a reply
I wore it for the rest of the day but it wasn’t until I got home that I realized that across the back In bold letters was the name WATSON in all caps. The minute Mycroft saw the back of my...John’s hoodie he said
Why was that important? I must have said it out loud because he shook his head and whispered to himself
“His name is John Watson and he is waiting in the library.”
Mr.Smith bellowed before he began to lecture about something mundane and boring. Finally someone said it I’m just glad Mr.Smith said it before I did.
I didn’t know how long it took me to notice that John was starring at me like I was insane or something. Why was he doing that I was not doing anything wrong...right? I pulled out on of my earbuds and said
I was still attempting to shove my giant phone into my hoodie pocket as I made my way to my locker. I was almost there when my shoulder roughly collided with another causing my books to spill, and papers to fly everywhere messing up my system. Great. How many times is this going to happen. Honestly what did knocking my books out of my hand even accomplish? Oh thanks! I appreciate you stepping on my papers with your nasty shoes. As usual nobody helped me pick up my things. They didn’t even seem to see me there as my hand was stepped on four times and there were footprints all over my papers and my books.
“Three patches?”
“No need to be alarmed. Multiples tend to show earlier and growth spurs are irregular in time spans and intensity. I trust your mate could have informed you?”
Immediately, he felt it clamp around his digit, heard John gasp in surprise.
After a moment, John drew back from him to utter a soft “thank you” and then continued kissing him, snogging him, ending up with one leg pushed between the Omega's, sending him high up into arousal. Momentarily, there was a firm hand pressed to his belly and John was moaning into his mouth before progressing in his exploration of Sherlock's body like he had so many times before and yet never seemed to grow tired of. Had Sherlock been rather passive all the other times, it had been because of the unsure feeling the new and surprising situation had left him with; not knowing whether or not he wanted to keep the child; not knowing whether or not John would stay with him, had he chosen not to; not knowing how far their bond was actually working and going.
I have been commissioned over on tumblr to actually write a slave!Sherlock darkfic, which I've already agreed to and am currently awaiting ideas for. If that's what you hoped for in this story, you might want to wait for that fic.. Although, I'd, of course, be very happy if you kept reading this fic, should it still be you kind of thing!
- matted hair and scruffy face –
”What? What are you on about now? Hm?” said John with an annoyed tone to his voice, his eyebrows raised in confusion. Hand still resting on the same place on the doorknob and his left foot still outside the green front door. The pompous bastard, stood by the lit fireplace, was peering back at him. However, his steel blue eyes now wore an expression of shock and terror.
“Thinking of you kept me going,” came Sherlock’s voice soft beside him. “The thought of you, safe back home, that kept me fighting, until I just didn't have the strength anymore.”
”Tell me what happened? When did…”, John tipped his chin towards Sherlock’s back, “when did that happen?”
Sherlock’s shoulders slumped forwards again, his arm going lax with resignation in John’s grip. A huff of air escaped his well-defined mouth before he answered with a voice so quiet it was hard to hear.
John glanced down at their joined hands and sighed; “Mary”. At this, Sherlock tried to withdraw his hands as if just remembering that John was with her now. That John was no longer Sherlock’s to have, but John held on.
John leans towards Sherlock, meeting his lips once again. Sherlock cups John’s cheek with his right hand and puts the left one around his waist, pulling John towards him. He can’t bear even the smallest distance between the two of them now. Nothing will keep him away from John from now on. He finally feels at peace and he lets himself bask in the feeling of it. It’s been so long since he felt happy, and safe, and…loved. And to be loved by this extraordinary man, it is something he will cherish every day for the rest of his life. With one final caress of lips he pulls away just enough to be able to see John’s eyes as they open. John smiles at him with a smile that reaches his eyes and Sherlock smiles back, lifting John’s hand to his mouth and presses a kiss to his knuckles, mimicking John’s action from just a moment before. “I don’t care how complicated this will get. I still want you John. My heart has been, is, and always will be yours.” John’s smile grows if possible even bigger as he leans in to kiss Sherlock again.
”I’d like to think you know me a bit better than that Sherlock,” he said with a gentle tone, his anger from just minutes ago no longer there. ”How’d you suppose I could just leave this? You’re clearly badly injured and I’d like to know what happened. I need…I want to understand.”
Sherlock glanced at John through his lashes while John studied his best friend’s face, trying to be as observant as the man before him. No steady eye contact –
when I’m with you. I was a mess without you, a shadow of the person you got to know. I felt numb, alive but not living. I almost came after you…” This made Sherlock sit up straight with a horrified look in his eyes, taking John’s hands in his.
“John”, Sherlock says with urgency in his voice making John’s thoughts come to a halt.
.  He turned his eyes away, staring at his fidgeting hands in his lap, “I almost did…”
, new scar on the bottom lip –
Sherlock got up about two hours later, enjoying the hearty breakfast John had left him. He decided to go out for shopping afterwards – John's taste in clothing was not really his own style, so why wait for him to return from work in the afternoon and then take him out to argue about choice of clothing.
They chuckled in choir now, faces close. “I didn't say that either. Though I did think it.” He whispered the last bit and closed in.
“As opposed to everything else you usually strategically place there?” John made there was no bite in his voice. Sherlock looked at him with such a soft grin, John thought it looked almost domestic. It was nice to think Sherlock might one day settle to be someone's Alpha and he thought he'd do a good job as well.
“Hmhm. Only a matter of minutes now until they wake up – that was way too much sugar!” John chuckled weakly, his hands joining Sherlock's on his massive belly. “Take me to bed?” he asked, stretching his arms out for Sherlock to pull him to his feet. The movement caused his insides to shift uncomfortably and he waddled, Sherlock stabilising him, to their bedroom. Sherlock seemed unable to keep his hands away, however, hands snaking over John's bent back, down to his arse and around to his belly, lips finding his neck as he continued to support John's weight by pulling him to lean back against him a bit in the narrow hallway to the back of the flat. “Sherlock, don't make me turn around..” John warned, his lover's attention quickly chopping off all thoughts about the pain in his middle.
hard work, you arse!” the older man continued to grumble.
“Of course not! A veteran with PTSD and a tremor in his dominant hand? Not someone anyone really trusts with a gun.”
“'m fine. Could use some food, though, yes.” Sherlock simply answered, propping himself up on his elbows before pushing into a sitting position, back against headboard. He grabbed one of the sandwiches, white bread, bit of salad, strips of chicken – whenever John had taken time to do some cooking, he didn't know – and mayonnaise. Simple, but delicious and satiating. “How are you?” he finally asked back when he had devoured half of the sandwich.
John ducked out of the flat and down the stairs. He walked down to the tube and got in with a heavy feeling in his chest. His journey wasn't very long as Yvonne lived close to her office, so he was quick to send a text thanking Sherlock for his continued help as soon as he got reception again. He wasn't surprised when no answer came. Usually, the Alpha replied within minutes to text messages, but John had observed he usually took between quarter to half an hour to answer when he was watching the pups for him. It was kind of sweet, he thought, that Sherlock was so committed to them, especially after the fuss he initially made over not wanting to have anything to do with them and since they weren't, in any way, his. Now it seemed he was just yearning for a chance to spend time with them when he wasn't on a case, which seemed to mean John couldn't be around or needed to at least be napping. He'd worry about Sherlock doing fishy things, but the pups loved him. They wouldn't be so easy around him if he did anything, so John figured he just didn't want to be seen being social and soft.
“Could you stop staring at it, please?” John asked, suppressing the demand behind it.
“'Would'? Are you sure that's the right word here?”
Over with angst and back to the smut soon, I promise! I just... Had to have some plot in this story, you know?
“I know you worry about me, Sherlock, but putting me under pressure won't help.”
He padded into the kitchen, stopping beside John, who briefly smiled up at him before concentrating on his knife again. Sherlock tried an innocent approach that could be mistaken for an accident, bumping his middle against John's side. The Alpha didn't react.
“What's the address?”
The detective waved his hand dismissively, taking a few steps to where there was still tea in the pot. “Oh, I.. probably deleted the information. I don't usually anticipate my parents visiting me – they can be so very dull! Ugh, and Mycroft tries to make me take them to a musical he has promised to take them to.” John huffed a little chuckle at the thought of Mycroft in a musical audience. “A
At least, he told himself, he had a place to go back to. Sure enough, Mrs Hudson greeted him with open arms and some biscuits.
“I'd like that bath now, my legs hurt.” Sherlock replied a minute later, kissing the top of John's head.
As soon as Mycroft left, Sherlock let his hands roam over John's back, pinching the nape of his neck lightly. It was a shame to pull him out of his sleep, especially since he so rarely got to see his resting face. For once in the past month and a half, Sherlock could see John and see him peaceful, the creases on his forehead smooth, his hand still and his lips relaxed. Looking at his mate like this did something to calm his own heart and mind, filled him with such a warmth, it hurt him to know he couldn't get any closer to John. He made his mind rest in silence. Sherlock always wanted that, but never had it felt so safe, so right. “I love you.
“Yeah, sure. You know best.” John moved to stand, but she grabbed his wrist. “You're being honest with me, right? I like you, and if this relationship is one-sided, I want to know.”
John had followed him to the door. “All in due time, Sherlock. You're young, you have time to wait.”
John put down towel and dish and went over to the couch, pulled Sherlock's upper body up by expecting hands and straddled his lap. Laying his arms around the Omega's neck, he kept him in that upright position. “I want it for you. Because I know you would dread laying around all day, incapable of wearing off the great energy you manage to build up at the oddest times, incapable of avoiding boredom, incapable of doing your job-”
He'd been on the cab for barely two minutes before his phone chimed. “Case? SH” it read. Sherlock had started asking John about taking cases rather than just doing so – he'd learned it had John much more compliant, that smart prick. He'd been tired, mostly off boredom, but the prospect of an interesting case was really rather enticing and it gave him new energy. He confirmed and almost instantly got a reply saying “Meet me at the Yard, Lestrade wants to brief us there. SH”
“I thought it was obvious by now: I'd do anything for you.” he let the back of his hand brush down the now slightly plumper cheeks. “Surely you must feel it, too. That what reaches deeper, far beyond the flatness of our bond.”
“Seriously, Sherlock, I'm in Essex, I can't afford that.”
“But that's the only perspective I have.”
“We're going in, of course.”
He needed to get in contact with John.
Sherlock watched John's hands roam his belly almost defensively. “I don't get what you want from me, John. How else can I make you feel at home here?”
“Thank you for finding my brother. I feel rather embarrassed to say that I could not keep track of him this time. Get your clothes, Mummy is waiting.”
Oh, how he loved being a tease. He sucked one more time, pleased to note the tension back in John's legs, before his decided it was time to test his limits with the Alpha. He was rather surprised to find John not objecting, but arching off the sofa slightly when his tongue circled his tight ring of muscles, a taboo-area on an Alpha's body.
“Why not? Isn't that what people always say they're searching for in life?”
John smirked “Nope.” He drew back a little. “We're having dinner and a walk and you can ride me afterwards, if you like.” Then he leaned in to whisper in his mate's ear. “Or maybe you want me to ride you for once?”
John laughed properly now and brushed past her to hang up his jacket and take off his shoes. “Keep it in those naughtily tight trousers for now, will you?”
John was more than fond to see Sherlock actually eat properly in a restaurant instead of him picking at what little food he used to order. Now, he truly indulged himself with food, throwing John a daring look all the time as if the doctor would jump him any second. “You know I'm not actually into you eating per se, right?”
And so Sherlock did. He went limp for a second, then bore down against John's hand. The doctor retrieved it immediately, silencing the other Omega's whimper with a kiss and by drawing up his legs. Sherlock instinctively locked his legs at his ankles and pawed at John, mewling for him to do something.
“You'd let me?” John asked incredulously. While they were still very active in their physical interaction, but scenting was still a rare process, mostly because Sherlock thought it stupid and a waste of time and John didn't really argue about that. He didn't particularly like it himself, but at times like this, when someone tried to seduce his mate or left challenging hormones on him, he just felt it was necessary, like a nervous draw to it. It had even happened, shortly after their first encounter of reversed roles, that Sherlock had scented John after he'd been crowded by an especially interested omega patient. He wouldn't deny he liked it for one second.
John smiled a little. “You're pretty. How about I make you an offer?” He waited for Sherlock to look at him, albeit still suspicious. “I take you out of your current life and you stay with me. You can have what you want, education, luxury. My only condition: You're mine. Completely.”
There was still mistrust in the Omega's actions, but he let them inside at least. “The living room is this way. Would you like something to drink?” Both men declined. “Well, I don't know what exactly to tell you. My wife and I are very stable financially and emotionally. The children love her.”
of angry Omega and worse: angry Alpha – wouldn't want to challenge him.
The man came closer to pick up the plate from next to Sherlock's bed. “I am just following orders, Mr. Holmes.” Now Sherlock could get a good whiff of the other's scent. It appeared to be the masked Beta scent. So this man was the only one attending him, it seemed. “The food was kosher, by the way. It wouldn't do to risk your health. So, you can eat whatever is brought to you without fear. After all, we wouldn't want those pups to starve to death, would we? That would be very bad for our negotiations.” the man said with a mean grin on his face. “Your Alpha wouldn't cooperate if you or the pups were unwell and then what use would you be to us?”
“Adjusting to the new situation kept me distracted at first, but at some point, I got used to it, at least to an extend that made further thought to it meaningless. It was either starting to work cases again and investigating in
“You left me at the crime scene. Needless to say you've been mostly ignoring me the last 5 months.”
“Don't doubt it.” Sherlock stood, retrieving the object in question from the DI and placing it on the small table in front of the couch, on which he sat more or less gracefully.
This concludes the tiny prequel to "Oestrogen". I hope you liked it.
“I'm not giving them away!”
“Yes,” John answered, “only I don't seem able to stop tending to you.” With this, he pushed his tongue forward and into Sherlock's mouth.
“Not very high.”
No, he understood. He sympathised even. John should feel good and should be able to at all times. His happiness shouldn't be defined by Sherlock's moods or condition and vice versa.
“No, I can't, I must- Sherlock...” John mumbled, protesting mildly as he was lead back to the desk and sat down in the chair he was on his way to before.
Sherlock and John left the building wordlessly. The cab-ride home was just as silent. Sherlock looked like he wanted to say something, but couldn't quite work out the words. John ignored it and looked out of the window. It made him feel horrible and unfair toward Sherlock, but he couldn't bear the conversation right now.
said.”
“No, John, that wasn't what I meant!” Sherlock said quickly, fearing he had upset John after all. Why was he so incorrigibly useless when it came to emotional talk?!
“That's exactly it. You don't try to make me see how perfect and incredible you are. You don't even try to make me love you, no, you just manipulate me, then tell me off, expecting me to wander off, leave you on your own, make a run for it.” he shrugged with an amused smile on his face. “I could go out there, find myself a nice and socially adequate female Omega, who promises to always take my wish as command, be the good houseomega and beg me to spend the rest of my life with her. When have I ever chosen the boring way?” As ridiculous as that little speech had sounded, John had a point and it made Sherlock grin a tad. “I don't make decisions easily either. Sure, I've played around in the past, but because I chose to. I was never looking for something really fixed or I'd have bonded ages ago. I'd not have bonded with you had I not been ready and I wouldn't have been ready had it not been you.”
Sherlock gave him a good look: John was relaxed, comfortable with the current situation, he had already offered a plan to Sherlock should he choose to keep the child. John had always wanted a family, he had said and it'd be only logical, if he wanted to have this pup with Sherlock, as he'd also proved he felt the same emotional pull toward him.
His whole day was just brought and complete when John gave just one of his honest smiled. The rare ones that barely touched the corners of his mouth, but left that highly glittering glint in his amazing eyes. Yes, Sherlock knew what he sounded like. He was the same dull, romantic, hopelessly fallen creature every lovesick person turned out to be. He didn't mind he had reason to be. He had John. Beautiful John. He would create and dedicate entire rooms in his mind palace just for the wrinkles on John's pretty face, the stories they told. John gave him the wonderful opportunity to never grow tired. Even if he were ever done analysing and deducing every freckle on John's body, he still had the many surprises John gave to him:
I dashed over to my bin and grabbed my notebook. I had been watching a chicken decompose for three weeks now and recording what I saw. I was always running some sort of experiment of course my parents never knew. They wouldn’t care if I did but there was something fun about sneaking around. Maybe that’s why so many heathens at my school likes to sneak out and go to parties?
I grabbed my books and casually made my way to the library. I spent a lot of time in the library especially since they got a Crime section. I used to even eat lunch in there until they banned people from going in there during lunch after they caught two kids have sexual relations in the encyclopedia section. The sex crazed heathens had to ruin all the fun. They were the reason I got lunch detentions for skipping home room. Apparently because I’m attractive and a teenager I’m skipping class to go mindless hump under a stairwell. Honestly it was ridiculous.
I smirked at that. To the outside eye my locker looked like complete and utter chaos, but to me it was organized chaos. On the top shelf was all my textbooks, school issued and my personal ones. In the bottom was all my notebooks that were either filled with miscellaneous drawings and occasionally notes I was forced to take. Also at the bottom of the locker were papers that I could need but not important enough to keep in my binder of death. Onto what I call the binder of death. It’s essentially a binder that I fill with all my papers that I need for class or if I know something is due that day I bring it. However everyone thinks I’m just a slob or something I’m just too lazy to be OCD over things.
“Hey it’s alright!”
The roar of conversation occurring concurrently was so deafening I could barely hear myself think! I wish those idiots would just shut up it’s too loud in this place! Well I guess some people weren’t Conversing...Gosh why don’t those heathens go make out somewhere else. do they realize that they are only in a relationship because of their hormones?
He encouraged as he wrapped one of his broad arms around my trembling body. I awkwardly sniffed and locked eyes with him and then I just couldn’t help but laugh at our situation. He laughed as well and we laughed until we were crying and clutching at our sides.
Mr. Smith hands out papers and when he hands me mine he asks to see me after class. Oh great. What have I done now? Honestly if I get the why didn’t you explain your work talk again I’m going to rip my face off. I just sigh and begin to do the equations set before me. I’m only supposed to do problems 15-20 but I go ahead and do all 80. Once I’m finished I look up to see that the bell is about to ring and look around to realize half the class is still working. Oh my god how long does it take these ameba to solve a quadratic equation?
“You really are a loner aren’t you?”
I was still curled up in a ball with my face turned away from him.
Well I guess that meant I’d have to get ready to make up an excuse as to where I was going. Well at least I’d be back for dinner Mycroft wouldn’t have to get mad at me. Ding!
The first and most abundant group would be the Fit Ins now these would be the boys that wear hoodies and sweatshirts in ten degree weather along with Nike socks and Adias sandals. They would make rude and frankly unwanted comments during lectures and always seem to be giggling amongst themselves about something. They tend to be the kids that laugh in Biology when the teacher says Sex. The girls in this group are the ones that look like they run an Instagram model account and are seen wearing ugg boots and makeup year round. They are also always on their phones Snap-chatting everything. The next group is the Smart kids and I don’t call them this because they are smart I call them this because they are who all the imbeciles think are smart. Now I have to admit they are the most tolerable since they sometimes understand what you’re saying if you have a large vocabulary. These are the kids that I was talking about earlier who get good grades but another thing is they are extremely stuck up and look down on you if you have a C. They actually believe that grades reflect intelligence and don’t understand why someone like me could have average grades. Now onto the next group,  the delinquents these are probably some of the dumbest people you will meet. They want to be rebellious so they kill what little brain cells they have by doing drugs. They are also the kids you see walking the halls during class or the kid you get stuck with in a group project that doesn’t even know what class he’s in. They are hardly ever present and are constantly yelling things at people that I guess are meant to be insulting. These are the kids that will either be homeless or dead by the age of 20. Now onto the smaller groups the first one I’m going to talk about are the Wiggers these are the white guys who think they are black somehow they even have black friends. These kids are probably who sell the delinquents their drugs. They will be the kids who always threaten to fight people and act gangster when in reality Would cry if a real thug came up to them. These are also the kids who the fit ins sometimes adopt into the group. The next group is relevant everywhere and that is the Goths. I sort of fit into this category but to be a part of their group you literally have to fit every stereotype. For example I dress very Emo and look very Emo but I don’t deal with the eye makeup and I don’t talk about how anarchy is a good idea. If you don’t know the rest of the stereotypes for Goths just google it because they fit into every one. Finally we get to where I have been placed, The Weirdos. Now there are two categories of weird the first one is the kids that just look weird or did something weird a long time ago. That is sadly not my group, my group is the kids who think they are a witch or the kid who eats gum off the desks. Sometimes new kids talk to us for a bit but they usually get accepted somewhere else.
I pulled on the door but it refused to open. That’s when I realized I had done my safe combination instead of my locker combination. I sighed frustratedly before putting in the right combo and pulling open the war zone that was my locker.
The bell rings and as everyone floods out I sit there and calmly wait for Mr. Smith to tell me what he wants to say.
“Who’s sweatshirt are you wearing? Who’s Watson?”
“So what are we doing here?” He causally asked furrowing his brow and meeting my gaze. I bit my lip and internally punched myself for what I was about to do before quickly rambling out
“Yeah I’m probably the most hated person in this place...no no don’t feel bad I hate everyone here more than they hate me.”
After I got everything into a neat pile I picked everything up once again and strolled to my locker. I let out a long sigh as I saw the group of delinquents standing there. They did this every single day. They would lean against MY LOCKER even though their locker was only a couple feet away. Then when I would ask them politely to move they would continue to talk and ignore my presence. If I then got agitated with them they would laugh and stubbornly ask me to make them move. So usually what I did was wait for one of them to move a bit and I would sneakily do my combination. Now if they happened to lean back on my hand they would act disgusted like I just smeared poop on them. But I knew once I started to open my locker they would move over just enough for me to put my things in there.
He gave a little laugh and then looked at me with his eyebrows raised almost comically and said
We make eye contact but I must give him a weird look because his smile fades and he asks if I’m ok.
With that said I placed both earbuds back in my ears and let the music wash over me. I always got into such a state when I listened to music, I couldn’t help it, it was just so calming. Most of the time I’d be pulled out of this state by Mycroft knocking on my door or distant sirens. This time I was woken by a light shove from my right and the smell of spaghetti.
I then proceeded to walk away and towards the stairs assuming he’d follow. Not feeling a presence behind me I turned to see he hadn’t got the message. I rolled my eyes and in a slightly annoyed voice asked
Ok I may have drawn what I think sherlock and John look like in this Fic but I’m a horrible artist so I won’t show you
After typing for a bit I got stuck and decided to take a break. I reached in my pocket for my phone only to find that it was not my phone. It was smaller than mine an not a name brand phone like my iPhone. Then it hit me. This must be John’s phone...so that meant he had mine. Oh god why had I agreed to let him wash my hoodie? I had a washing machine why didn’t I just wash it myself? Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!
As my laptop powered on I pulled the sleeves of John’s hoodie over my hands and and put my right hand up to my face as I waited. Once it was on I went to my files and opened my paper and began typing. About a month ago I decided to share some information with people since it was important to share knowledge. I always say what good is knowledge if it cannot be shared and taught to others?
I then proceeded to walk him upstairs to the biology room where he spent half the tour babbling about the medical dummies.
I hated the cafeteria. First of all it was so loud that you had to yell for anyone to hear you. Which just made the noise worse because everyone was yelling. Secondly, the line to get food was hell for anyone who didn’t like people or crowds. Unless you were the last person through the line you would likely be pressed through against your will. Then you were wedged between two strangers and usually with my luck it would be two friends that were having a conversation around me. Being 6ft plus is really horrible in situations like that because they have to lean around you to talk to each other and you’re so jam packed in there that you cannot just switch positions. Finally there’s the food. Which in my opinion is so loaded with calories for the poor kids who only eat at school that everyone else gets fat. Plus it’s not even that good so half the time I don’t even bother getting lunch but in this hellhole if you don’t get food enough you get detention. Which I think is ridiculous, like if I don’t want to eat your trash then let me.
I sigh heavily but agree to show this random stranger. Once I agree he lights up and thanks me before saying
“I think you’re great.”
I wiped the tears from my face and without even thinking about it choked out
“Do you like pasta?”
Like it says he shows John around
“What?...You’re not offended?”
Mr. Smith walked over to my desk and said
He looked up at me with piercing green eyes and smiled a warm smile before offering his hand and saying
Now was my time to tell him everything no matter how much I dreaded it. I had already deduced him the minute I got my thoughts together. Now I would just have to say it aloud and make him hate me. Then I’d explain why I was chosen to do the tour and continue on with it.
He pleads with his eyes as he waits for my response. Gosh he’s gonna make me show around some airhead girl who is gonna try and hit on me honestly it’s ridiculous. He must have heard my thoughts because he said
My brother is a freshman in college and his friends are actually mature, to an extent. He was popular. Of course. Isn’t that how it always goes? The popular big brother and the outcast little brother who nobody likes. His friend Greg wants to go into crime solving as well. So we hit it off even though his skills need a lot of work. Greg’s dad is a police officer so it’s only natural he wants to be a detective. I’ve never really had a friend only the imbeciles at my table will talk to me like a human. Oh god. He’s screaming again today honestly I don’t think I can handle it today. I didn’t get a slip from Mrs. Cook so I guess I have to find another place to go.
if you’re interested my instagram is @deductionsandboredom73 and I also have an email and a YouTube with the same name Deductionsandboredom@yahoo.com
I parked and made my way to the front door. The key was under the doormat like he had said so I just let myself in. I was surprised at how many stairs led to his apartment, and by the time I reached his door he was due back any minute.
“C’mon let’s eat.”
I slowly opened my locker and they moved away still unaware of my presence somehow. I unceremoniously threw my now disheveled books inside before slamming it closed. I pulled my hood up over my unruly head of hair before making my way to the cafeteria.
I cautiously opened the door and took in his apartment. He had a couch on one wall and a bookshelf on the wall opposite of it. Shockingly the bookshelf was empty. I guess being an avid reader made me find an empty bookshelf odd. On that same wall was a fireplace and a big mirror. I quickly checked my reflection in it before sitting down in one of the two chairs. One chair was big and ornate then there was a simple leather chair next to a desk. I went for the leather one since I didn’t want the sun getting in my eyes. I sat there for as little bit before deciding to open my book. It wasn’t two seconds later that I heard heavy padding footsteps on the stairs.
“Sherlock I know you know the school better than anyone else and you are the only one that knows anything about the academic programs, so I’d like for you to give a tour. We have a new student here and I’m supposed to give him a tour but as you have probably already determined I’m beyond drunk at the moment and don’t want to set a bad image. Will you do it for me?”
I abruptly closed my locker and began to walk to stairwell B. The place I would come to think since it’s the only stairwell the sex crazed idiots refused to use since it was so close to a classroom.
I pushed open the heavy doors and made my way to the desk and asked Mrs. Thompson where This John Watson person was. She told me he was upstairs in the reading area. As I made my way up the carpet covered stairs I decided to just go ahead and let this kid know that I’m considered a freak. That way i could spare myself the hurt of seeing another person grow to hate me.
“Woah.”
“Don’t worry it’s not a girl, it’s a guy and he’s actually interested in his academics.”
He just stared at me with a confused but intrigued look and confirmed my deduction.
As I’m about to leave John Watson comes through the lunch line, eyes gleaming. We make eye contact and he waves enthusiastically at me before making his way towards me. This gathers some shocked looks and more than a few bants Of laughter.
I quickly set my book on the conveniently placed desk as the door swung open. He gave a warm smile with bags of groceries on each arm. He went into the kitchen area and set the bags on the counter before turning to me and asking
A couple seconds later I got a reply
Without farther conversation we made our way to my locker where I explained that I needed to get my books for my next class
The door creaked open and he popped his head through and gave a weak smile with blood still dripping from his nose.  He quietly walked over to me and sat down beside me our thighs touching in the small space. My breath would have caught if I wouldn’t have been choking bad violent sobs that made me sound weak.
“I know who you are” I stated matter a factly. I had collected myself and was alright talking to him without blushing or anything.
I was originally going to write a book but figured it would never be published so I decided to get a blog. I had already published a paper on the different types of tobacco but now I was working on a footprint analysis. I did a series of experiments with footprints and what they could tell about a person last winter but never had a big purpose for it. Now I was almost finished with it.
Matter a factly
He chuckled to himself and said
I continued listening to music until the bell rang out startling me in my trance like state. I gathered my books and made my way out the door.
I put my laptop back in it’s drawer, stuffed John’s phone back into his oversized hoodie and made my way downstairs.
“Quiet down class.”
On my way down I grabbed one of my new books “Forensics” by Val McDermid. It looked interesting enough to pass the time while I waited for John to arrive.
“I don’t know why everyone else doesn’t see it.”
“K I’m On my way!
“That...Was, AMAZING?!”
Once I was safely in my room I closed my door and threw myself onto the bed and finally allowed myself to let the smile of been holding back all day shine through. Gosh what was wrong with me? Why did this John guy have such an effect on me? Oh shit my experiment!
“Sorry I didn’t realize I said that out loud. I do that sometimes.”
Even though his water bottle was filled with vodka half the time he at least got the delinquents to shut up. Sadly that also meant he would be boring and teach ridiculously easy math concepts that nobody else would understand. Half the time I just tune him out, Today he’s droning on about how to find the area of an octagon or something equally stupid. Once he finishes  talking I look at the worksheet and figure it out in a matter of seconds, yet somehow I always finish before the people who had the first couple done for them. All my classes went like this.
“You are a senior and hoping to go into the military obviously due to your father. You are interested in medicine so I would say an army Doctor would be best. You played rugby for two years before you got hurt during a game. It was so traumatic that you still feel pain I’d say you broke your leg. Because of this you lost confidence which caused you to be clinically depressed. You are under appreciated at home so you date around to gain appreciation. You aren’t close with your family but you don’t have many friends either so I’d say the reason you left your old school is likely due to wanting a new start. You live on your own likely in a small flat in town and drive a car that tends to breakdown a lot.”
“Yeah I get that my room looks way worse than your locker, but I somehow find everything.”
I sat down a put my earbuds in my ear and put on one of my favorites. It was Bach’s cello suite number one. I loved it played traditionally on a cello but on a violin it was really something. I let the melody swim through my ears as I thought about today’s events. I closed my eyes and let myself truly enjoy every note and every flourish, before it came to an end. (https://youtu.be/fi1XZV0ty18 here’s the link to the song if you’re interested)
“It’s open!”
“John Watson, it’s a pleas-“
“You can listen to your music if you want to. I don’t mind it.”
I briskly walked down the crowded hallway. My books down at my side casually in one hand. That’s why I had my three book rule...I couldn’t carry more than three at a time. Four books were possible to carry but that would involve more effort. Any more than four books and I couldn’t carry them so casually.
“Sports injury partly Psychosomatic?”
As I looked at my mischievous brother with panic in my eyes he smirked and said
“You really thought that would offend me?!...How did you even do that?I thought that was absolutely amazing! If people get offended then they are too insecure to take it, or they’re a complete idiot!”
He then proceeded to produce said hoodie. It was obviously very warn and had a lot of wear to it. The lettering peeling off in small flakes and the aglets where completely gone. It was a light blue with white fraying strings attached to the hood. It was something I would never buy let alone wear but here I was slipping my hoodie off and putting the blue monstrosity on. It was rather big considering John had a completely different build than myself but other than that it was comfortable.
As I turned onto Bakers street I wondered what I was supposed to do at John’s house or how long I was going to stay. Oh god all that time alone In my room made me unable to work in social situations. Oh god what if I said something wrong I just got a friend I cannot loose him. Oh god am I being too clingy already?
No. No, that wasn't a train of thought he even
“So you've got another Alpha, then?”
“I'm sorry, could you take your breasts out of my mate's face?”
“Hey, I'm just happy you're having a good influence like him around you. You've seemed a lot more content for the last year and honestly, we don't need you going back to the whole drugs-business.” Greg ended in a much more serious tone.
They sat in bed, eating. Well, one of them was. Sherlock seemed a bit distracted by John shovelling greasy food past his lips. The blond looked over and- oh, no, he knew that look.
“Tell her? How about asking?” John answered with a slanted grin. “It's okay, I'll call her. You have an eye on the situation.”
“What, so now you're not allowed to enjoy sex?!”
They were silent from then on, but it didn't take long to reach their destination either way. John found himself waddling into an empty underground parking lot. It was dark and grey and in some places leaky. All in all, a rather dramatic setting. When he caught sight of Mycroft, he felt it sort of made sense. “I have a phone, you know. Considering you brought it to the flat, you really should know. I mean, very elegant with the car and your PA and all.. but you could have just phoned me. On my phone.”
“Hey darling!” Yvonne greeted him in a very elegant green blouse that framed her body enticingly, but not without a whole lot of class. Her short black, curly bob hair cut accentuated her cheekbones. John thought her a stunning woman every time he saw her.
He suddenly wished he hadn't put on a new shirt that morning. He longed for John's scent so badly. It felt like he hadn't seen him for an eternity, as ridiculous as that sounded. He could barely feel John through their bond even though he sought him out with all his concentration. The was an ache starting in the back of his head so he left it at that for now. It wouldn't do to ruin his entire concentration by encouraging a major headache and he shouldn't strain his limbic system or else he might lose John completely.
No cab seemed to be interested in a broken man's money. He arrived late. Nobody commented.
Keep cool, but don't keep those comments all to yourselves ;)
“Sorry, did I just text a murderer?! What good will that do?” Just as he finished his question, his phone lit up and started ringing. They both looked at it with mixed feelings. The caller ID said the number was withheld.
Happy Halloween, everyone! I know I'm an arse ^_^
There was a small pause in which Sherlock looked as if he was close to crying about being betrayed. “Because he keeps picking on me!” He barked defensively
“Hey, I so
Sherlock was tossing and turning. Half-awake, he felt himself drenched in his own sweat, freezing his body in the cold room. He screamed and begged for John, but he couldn't stop. His mind was right there, looking down on himself – the pathetic creature, who'd lost control, but for some reason he also felt a nagging sense of empathy for the helpless, fresh Omega.
He was glad he could have a free mind some nights and take care of his own social life. He was hoping to maybe build a functioning family for his children to grow up in, with opportunities and relaxed parents. He wouldn't be able to without the help from Sherlock.
Eventually, John played along, pecking the Omega's lips until he just stopped to kiss him properly, deeply, only to shove him away and off himself a second later. “This is not how this works.” he explained, gracefully going over to doing press-ups. “You come when I call, not the other way around.” he said coldly and Sherlock, sitting, leaning back against the bed, watched silently, but with a longing as John showed off his fitness.
No words could have possibly described what he had felt that night. It wasn't just fear for their child, it was insecurity about himself. His doctor had said that, with a young biological cycle like his, there should be no complications despite his own age. One time, just one time he wanted to be good, make someone proud, be
Just as he was dashing upstairs, meeting Mrs Hudson, who ensured him she'd fed all the pups and that they were already settling, John heard someone else enter the house. He could smell the male Beta. As he checked on his children, he could just about hear voices from downstairs; Sherlock talking to the Beta. He recognised the scent faintly, now that he thought about it. When John came back downstairs, the third man had left and Sherlock was mid-leap as he noticed John, quickly informing him about something with suicides and a note. He was shrugging on his coat, tying his scarf and was out the door quicker than he could tell John not to wait up with dinner.
“Yes?” John whispered back, sleep gripping at his mind.
“I'll manage!”
“Terrified?!” Sherlock asked incredulously.
He beat two hearts.
There was a short moment, when they were waiting for a cab, that John turned to him to say something.
Mycroft regarded John for a moment. “What does he promise to give you that she cannot?”
might be the one teaching them that?” The answer was not what John wanted to hear, that was easy to tell by his affronted expression. “I feel like you're about to stir up a fight over this, so I'm willing to just drop it.”
“Despite what you might think of him, John is very capable of 'helping' me!”
Sherlock, despite himself, enjoyed that a great deal.
“YOU'RE LUCKY I'M FUCKING PREGNANT, YOU TWAT!” John instead shouted after the prick before huffing and folding his arms over his large belly. “Fucking Alphas, think they rule the world because they have a big knot, think they own every Omega that isn't up a tree in one second!” he cursed quietly, stomping on his way.
John loomed over Sherlock. The Omega's breath hitched when the doctor touched him, shamelessly, between his thighs. He had him pinned against the sofa. “Yes, sir.”
“There's nothing to be done.”
wait', John.”
“None of your personal concern.”
“No, I'm wearing a sheet. What are you doing?” The Alpha reinforced, sounding a tad annoyed that his question wasn't answered yet.
“Might want to prepare a little more than usual. The pups have grown quite well in the last week.”
“So, what's the plan?”
“Sherlock, calm down!”
“I said 'just
“My mind needs occupation!”
“Information. Nothing indiscreet. Nothing you'd feel uncomfortable with, just tell me what he's up to.” And there it was. John had already decided against it. No sum of money could make him betray his own ideals like that. He'd rather be indebted to Sherlock for the rest of his life than betray Sherlock's help by selling him out to anyone.
But Sherlock butted in on his explanation. “John!” he yelled back inside, hand having just about stopped the front door from closing.
Sherlock sat back up with a small, affirming noise and rubbed his eyes as he stood up, padding back to their shared bedroom.
“Shut up.”
Sherlock himself, however, did not think of giving in to his brother. “I'm
Making his way downstairs again, he found Sherlock in one of the two armchairs, knees drawn up on the anthracite leather, hands steepled under his chin.
“So what? Smelling him every day made us feel sad, no one could focus.”
He sank back down onto the bed, panting, not knowing what they had given them that he reacted so violently to, but it was obviously affecting his hormonal status. He was being more irrational than the last couple of weeks. He'd gotten used to that a little, although he still wasn't happy about the lack of control and needed to get a tight grip on it again soon, right now, he was feeling anxious and hurt, even abandoned and betrayed, which he knew John was the last person to accuse of.
John looked between him and the slice of bread, but, as John so often did, he said nothing whatsoever, figuring there was no point to argue with Sherlock about any of the presenting topics. If the man wasn't hungry, he wouldn't eat. If the man wanted a relationship, he would get it.
John still wasn't reacting properly. He stared on like he was in a trance. He blinked, shook his head minimally and finally spoke. “I want you.” he said and Sherlock's face lit up in a joy John had rarely ever seen so genuine on him.
“You good?” John asked, setting the bag down, going over to place his hands over Sherlock's own, moving the one on his belly softly in slow circles.
Sherlock stepped right behind him, drawing his arms around John's waist. It wasn't as narrow as his own, but that's just how John was built. It didn't make him any less thin. “I could help you, you know.” Sherlock murmured into his hair.
Unless you guys are seriously interested in a future of this fic, I will give up somewhere in the next chapters. If you do, for whatever reason, want to keep this train going for it's intended destination, please, please, please leave ideas for the bridges. In the comments, on my tumblr as messages or asks (http://kinkmerighthererightnow.tumblr.com/) ANY way you like. Tell me if you want to be credited, and I will credit you.
The smell was just so... intoxicating. Like the music the Omega often played on his violin when John was angry or having trouble sleeping; calming, sweeping him away, carrying him on what could only be described like a drug trip.
However, when the Alpha reached to touch the limb, he drew it back, feeling too vulnerable to allow the contact. “Don't.”
“Do you think he's... been attacked?” the girl asked with worry on her face.
“Then why-”
His heart made a big leap at that and he whispered back. “Thank you.. John.”
“Bring it here.”
The Omega felt his own dick touch the wooden headboard as it swung before him, his legs shoving apart, his body gliding up the wall as John continued to fuck him against it, grunting like an animal, until Sherlock was pressed against it. John's force was putting an increasing pressure on him as it trapped him between the hot, sweaty muscles of the Alpha's front and the cold, unmoving roughness of everything in front of him. The game of pain and pleasure had him close in in seconds, but John was holding his cock tight at the base, cutting of the final feeling he needed to tip over.
“Well, that's not very much..”
TRIGGER WARNING: Rape!
“They haven't said a word about their issue. So, naturally, I know it's about a missing sibling that vanished from the family in broad daylight.”
mean that you can keep me locked up in here!”
“Let. Me. Finish. I, of course, can only try to imagine how you feel in your skin right now, but I assure you I do
At home in 221B, John proceeded to make some tea whilst Sherlock sat down on the sofa, taking a look at those descriptions and pictures of midwives, without making any decision yet, but loudly deducing that one of them was cheating on their Beta boyfriend and another having had two miscarriages himself. John turned on the telly and ordered Sherlock lay down with his feet in his lap so he could massage them – a relaxing activity to John as it turned out, much to his mate's delight. Sherlock closed his eyes and went over thinking, discussing with himself the pros and cons of birthing methods and of what he already knew about the midwives. Sometime nearing the evening, John shook him awake, the rich taste of his cooking filling Sherlock's nostrils as a plate was set down on the small table next to him. He sat up and ate with John, watching some sci-fi show his partner liked.
As Sherlock licked his way into John's mouth, the Alpha pulled him close, cock stirring already at the anticipation of what was to come. Instead of an expected chuckle or grin, Sherlock moaned at the contact, eagerly pushing back against him, starting to set a rhythm with his hips rolling down against his. John could feel him stiffening, too, now, so he broke away. “Bed?” he gasped with a shaky voice.
John rolled his eyes. “Yes, Sherlock, like every week
John, resigned, shook his head further away from his mate. “John.” the Omega insisted, and when John didn't react, he gently grabbed his chin and forced him to look at Sherlock.
strong.” John whispered back, stirring.
John didn't believe him for a second, but he let it go, not wanting to pick a fight and ruin their moods. “This was.. really extraordinary.”
He took the stairs quickly, entering the darkened room quietly. While much more independent, Purist pups tended to be more sensitive to light, so he kept his blinds mostly shut throughout the day. He didn't mind. As they still mainly slept, he spent little time in the room either way, using the time to set up his own independence instead. He knew they needed the peace and the space, bonding with each other as they went through this stage. He bent over Katherine's cot, stroke her chubby blushed cheek to wake her up. She sighed happily before smacking her lips clumsily and blinking her eyes open. “Hello darling. It's time for some lunch, don't you think?” he hummed softly to her and, as if agreeing with him, stuck her short arms up. He chuckled, picked her up and leaned her back against himself. He kissed her temple and lay her down on his bed, then went to pick up Alex, who was already talking to him, having been woken by his voice.
He focussed on his breathing and caressed the limb a little bit. Five minutes between them. This was going quicker than he'd expected.
He leaned back a little, hand resting on his belly, eyes closed and just breathed for a moment. This wasn't the first time an Alpha had had an interest in him; in fact, he'd been at six different Alpha's houses, each of them impregnating him over the course of sometimes mere weeks that he'd stayed there. Then again, getting an Omega Purist pregnant was probably the least difficult task for a virile Alpha, even outside of a heat. After all, that had been the reason they'd bought him in the end, only to throw him away when they couldn't stand him any more. The current litters were from two different Alphas, one of them having been just a servant of the house. John may be a fighter, but he knew even a trained soldier like him couldn't fight off an Alpha in rut. Needless to say they were both thrown out of the house when his Alpha noticed. He guessed he should just be glad none of them had ever tried to bond him because he was sure they wouldn't have cared for an easy dissolving of it, instead leaving him to the cruel method he'd seen the auction house do on two or three other Omegas.
“I'm in my first heat ever, John. After 33 years of subconscious Omega gender identity, I guess it is only logical it would be... 'intense'.”
And John enjoyed it, too, mind you. Against his own belief, he very much liked putting on weight. He'd been chubby at the best of times, but that was it, he'd never fancied going beyond that. But when the first pounds had settled, his trousers had started clinging and Sherlock started fawning over him, he'd actually relaxed into it. Food, sex and comfort – how much better could it get?
Half an hour and Sherlock was napping. John had guided him back to bed, holding his hand for support, but letting him do the rest for himself. They hadn't talked, just felt each other, until Sherlock had fallen asleep. He'd often been tired before, but it seemed the stress still sat deep in his bones and he did little else but eat, sleep and build up his muscles by walking or with mild exercises John did with him.
“Fuck you.” Sherlock answered. He'd taken a good look at the doctor during his examination.
“Well, I think we already covered the fact that I did enjoy it largely. If you wanted, I'd let you have me anytime.”
“No. Not this time.” John murmured with a mild grin.
(See the end of the chapter for
He took a sip from his water before digging into hi sandwich. The lettuce was used quite meagrely and the cheese tasted mostly of chemicals, but it was food and it was cheap, so he wasn't going to complain much. It did make him think, however. He'd started putting aside chunks of hi earnings into a savings account. It wasn't much, but in a few years time, he might be able to afford renting a flat somewhere in the outskirts of London. Or register his children for sports clubs. He sighed. No matter how he laid it out, if he wanted a better future for his pups, he'd have to give up on any dreams of living independently or finally getting a driving permit. Then again, for them he'd give up the last of his dignity and pride. In a better world, he'd earn the same amount as his Alpha and Beta colleagues, have a supportive partner and be eating fucking proper food. In a better world, he wouldn't be a purist. In a better world he'd be doing something nice to thank Sherlock for all his help.
John turned his head away and took many deep breaths. His eyes fell back on Sherlock and, again, their stern looks met. John hated Sherlock being right, especially since he thought it fed Sherlock's oh-so-giant ego. “You are
“You could just sit here and watch telly.”
Sherlock gets released from the hospital. That doesn't mean everything just gets better.
He just wanted his family.
John swayed his head side to side. “It's not uncommon, unfortunately. Because of our accelerated development, especially as unborn pups, we need a lot of nutrition. If the carrying Omega doesn't ingest enough of something, the purist twin is always prioritised in receiving all the necessary stuff, thus essentially starving their non-purist twin. These days the only real reason this still happens is Omegas living on a diet throughout their pregnancy, which is dangerous and potentially harmful to any fetus.”
He spent a while examining the metal cuff around his ankle to see if there was anything to work with, but apparently it was of very good quality and not easily broken or picked. He sighed.
“Why would I be baking anything?” Sherlock questioned with a frown. He didn't understand what being with child and doing some cooking had to do with one another.
John fidgeted under the situation. “Fine. Yeah. Good.” he said awkwardly, not knowing how else to diffuse the situation.
Sherlock is confused and horny - as usual.
“Everything you requested is inside the bag. I'll be sure to send 'someone' in to gather more information. Inform me, if you find out
“I know you didn't. But think it through next time, yeah?” John nodded and mouthed a 'thank you' at him. “Don't worry about it. Now, you two go home, we can take it from here. He's about ready to confess, I think. Anything else I need to know?” John shook his head at the floor. Sherlock shook his head more minutely at Greg. “Good, I'll see you around then. Take care you two.”
John was visibly suppressing a smile, trying to play it cool. It was no secret he was fond of Sherlock and liked feeling involved and needed. The Omega had a chronic need to help others. Sherlock was ready to put it to use. “Sure, okay.” John answered eventually and finished his apple. Rosie stretched her hands out for it, but John tapped her bottle. She had no teeth yet and he'd have to blend an apple for it to be edible to her. Besides, they still had a week or two before they would even start ingesting anything other than milk. She had a brief flicker of disappointment on her face, but the movement of his finger fascinated her and she began mimicking him absent-mindedly. When he got up to throw the remainder of his breakfast in the bin, she focused on her hand and a second later she was giggling at the tiny drumming sounds she could make on her tray. With his back to him, Sherlock observing her wasn't something John could see and, while he grinned like the proud father he was, he picked her up. “Now, don't make too much noise, somebody wants to work here.” he said fondly, looking back at the Alpha with an apologetic smile. He wanted to say Sherlock was smiling too, one of his honest smiles, but John didn't trust quick glances like that, especially not when he was in a good mood like this. He saw kind smiles on everyone when he was in this mode. He bounced Rosie on his hip and she giggled happily, but when he was about to set her down to wake and get her siblings for their breakfast, she suddenly started wriggling, her arms flailing in Sherlock's direction. She made an insistent noise and John sighed, straightening back up.
“Just thank him by keeping quiet when you are bored tomorrow.” John answered, teasingly.
Affectionate kisses were scattered over his neck as the aftershocks ripped through him.
“We are going to talk when you are back. You better eat on the way.”
In the dark silence of the night he could easily admit that he’d been afraid and compromised. Afraid that John would get hurt and compromised by his sentiment towards the loyal colleague. Sherlock didn’t believe in psychology, especially not behaviorism. However, he diagnosed that he had generalized John’s name and appearance as trustworthy and genuine. A perfectly healthy, psychological mechanism. None the less, it was an inexcusable mistake on his part and a huge disadvantage when it came to his work. Luckily, this automatism could easily be removed if he watched out for it. Lesson learned.
Not as long as you don’t tell me a bit more about it. Don’t you think I might have a say if you just move out leaving me pay the full rent?” John wasn’t interested in that damn rent but he needed a valid argument to get Sherlock to talk to him or at least stay a bit longer if not forever.
Carefully, he pulled his pants up and took the dressing gown from it's hook.
Slowly, Sherlock put down the box he was currently filling with his lab equipment. He let his fingers rest on it for a few seconds, his head hanging down in a way that felt very wrong to John. Eventually, he turned to face his friend, his expression blank and detached.
Sherlock knew he had no chance to further delude the thug after he’d gotten a first glimpse at his face. When he heard the heavy footsteps drawing closer to the door he leant forward, resting one hand on his left knee and waving the other in the air, muttering unintelligibly to himself.
“Sherlock!”
“He might be alive. He probably left you for another woman or…”
John pushed Sherlock on his back, pressing their straining erections together while he sucked at that gloriously long neck to mark it as his own. They moaned simultaneously as Sherlock started to move his hips in rhythmic motions crossing his legs around John’s waist.
-----------------------
Immediately, Sherlock faltered in his movements and failed to suppress a sharply indrawn breath.
Outside, a hansom cab was noisily passing by as the doctor returned to his chair and waited for Sherlock to begin.
He wasn’t alone anymore but much more lonely.
“What?” He asked in disbelieve.
--------------------
Faithful friend from flattering foe.”
“Yes, Christ! I know but… I’d prefer the flu, ok?” John said, getting up while pushing his hands through his hair in agitation. “And… Did you just tell me that you are able read my thoughts? Because I am extremely sure that I didn’t talk at all while you were sick. Or was that just your way of telling me that you are hearing
All John managed was a nod before he all but fled the room.
He took the dressing gown from the hook at the inside of the door. Luckily, it was the blue, satin one, it wouldn’t feel too irritating on Sherlock’s skin.
“Sherlock, my son, would you please come and welcome our guest!” He groaned in despair when he heard his mother’s voice. She only called him by his chosen name when she wanted him to be pleasant. Another one? Really? Slowly, he made his way to the throne room where his father was proudly looking down onto his guest.
“Acid?” Greg whispered enquiringly. The iron hook had been cut off at the same angle it had touched the thing's skin.
“Stop thinking. Your back is all tense.” The nimble fingers started to manipulate a painful spot right below his pulse point, making John hiss through gritted teeth.
“As I for him.” Sherlock conceded. His heart was beating wildly in his chest and made itself known through the forceful throb of his pulse in his fingertips.
Sherlock, taking the mug and leaning back in his uncomfortable office chair, watched with interest as Lestrade scratched his back with one hand while he took a seat on the other side of the wooden dinner table.
This was his family. More of a family than anybody else could ever be.
“On the bed! Naked! Now.” His voice was hoarse but determined and Sherlock hurried to obey with pupils blown dark with arousal. He undressed faster than John would have thought possible. John watched him positioning himself on his knees in the middle of the bed before he undressed just slightly slower.
For example, a child may learn to say "dog" when it sees the drawing of a rottweiler in a book. If the child later says "dog" when it sees a schnauzer on the street, it has generalized between the two distinct stimuli (the rottweiler and the schnauzer).
“Thank you, Sherlock.” The DI said, watching Sherlock stride from the room. John shook his hand in a friendly gesture and followed his flat mate out the door. A slight tingle made Lestrade rub his palm while he turned back to the suspect. “Address?”
“Try what?” Sherlock asked before his breath left him in a rush. Grabbing his arse and kneading it for good measure, John had pressed his spit slicked shaft up against Sherlock’s remarkably interested cock.
“I...what? I don't know. What day is it?” Sherlock rolled his eyes at the man but his heart wasn't in it. Greg supposed even the Genius was able to imagine losing the sense of time out there.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Bye, Greg.” There was no friendliness in his voice.
“Yeah. I'm fine. Good, really.” He nodded and bit into a buttered scone.
John watched as Sherlock folded his expensive shirt and neatly placed it on the nearby chair but closed his eyes when the pale man began to open his trousers. No need to stir his nervousness any more but he suddenly realised the position he was in.
He kissed up the tall man's throat, trying very hard not to lose himself to the pleasure that was beginning to build in the depth of his being.
