Tony shook his head, sitting up further. “No, it was my fault,” he said immediately, “you were emotional because I hurt you. You should have just told me it bothered you. I would’ve stopped.”
(That smile stayed on his face for the rest of the day, and it only grew bigger every time he heard that metal clink against glass.)
With a final look up at Steve and his beautifully living, breathing face, Tony slipped quietly out of consciousness against the other man’s stomach.
Steve waved him off with a roll of his eyes. “You think I don’t already know that? I know what you were trying to do, Tony- Peter Parker was happy to give me the low-down about your character profile as I was storming out of the science labs the other night.”
Steve just stared at him some more. That was the big question, wasn’t it? Did Steve believe what Tony was saying. Did he really believe that that was the explanation for the tragedy; the one SHIELD estimated to have caused deaths up to their thousands. And, obviously, Tony could just be playing him. He’d always been good at spinning bullshit on the spot; he was a businessman, after all. That came pretty high on his job description. And he knew that Steve was a weak link he could tug on until he got what he wanted. This could so easily be a ploy.
“I agree,” Natasha opened her jacket, pulling out another candy bar and then tossing it in Steve’s direction with a sweet smile, “we’re taking down the capitalist hierarchy, one bar of chocolate at a time.”
Light streamed in through the windows on his right; what looked to be a midday sun. Steve wasn’t sure how long he’d been out, but he felt… better. A little more level-headed. The events of the last few days began unfolding themselves more coherently in his head, and he took in a breath as he processed it all.
Steve nodded tightly. The homework part of the sentence was a joke, but the rest was true. Bucky wouldn’t lie to him- he wasn’t looking for a fight. He’d said he’d try and make things right for Steve and he knew that he meant it.
Tony’s hand slid over the place where his collar lay, and he looked slightly mortified. “I don’t- I don't blush, Rogers, what are you talking about?”
, this man was dull. Tony smiled and nodded along with the lie about the rescuing of five orphans from a flood in Houston, trying to remember the name of the guy before it came up and he was left lacking. After another minute of pointless rambling, Tony moved on with a shake of hands and an assurance of another meeting at some point in the next few months. It was much the same with everyone else he spoke to, although there were some blessedly familiar faces that gave him and Nat at least a little reprieve. He spoke to T’challa for a good twenty minutes, glad of an excuse to catch up with the King, and then moved onto someone who seemed to be a big Captain America fan, which was great, seeing as it gave Tony the opportunity to just talk about Steve for ten minutes flat without interruption.
- that was the nearest you’d ever been to be, y’know, I calculated it. And she kept tryn’a talk to me after that, but all that was going round in my head were- were those numbers, the distances, you-“
“Stoppit,” Tony mumbled into his chest, his hands rising to stroke messily down Steve’s arms, “m’fine.”
It was only Bucky who actually heard the conversation being had between them, and at that he lifted his head away from Natasha’s for a second in order to shoot him a knowing and rather smug look. Steve just glared, and Bucky knew better than to say anything at that point unless he wanted Steve to forcibly rip his head off, so instead he grinned and then made a shooing gesture with his hand.
. Obviously. But it'd make a good show for him to act like he was. “I… I know that’s a bit of a weird thing to say, right now of all times. I just. Well.” Steve laughed quietly, wincing as it strained his sore lip. “Some things get put into perspective when there’s a man with a knife an inch from your throat. You think about everything that led you to that moment, I guess. Everything that you should have done different.”
“No. Wait. You listen. T’me. Please,” Tony begged, trying to find Steve’s hand and clumsily hitting an elbow instead, “I’m a nightmare. I don’… I don’ know how to be a normal human. I sm’times have days when I can’t even hug people and will get stupid ‘n’ angry if you try, and then the next day I might get sulky ‘cause you’re
"You're a piece of shit, Zeke," Tony growled, stepping forward, "and I fucking warned you about pissing me off."
It was a rock and a hard place. Steve knew his situation was dire either way though, and he couldn’t afford to do any more damage to Tony. Steve could take some emotional stress. Tony couldn’t. Not right now.
By the time he had the improved model ready to send back to R&D, afternoon had come and gone and his mind was less frantic, having spent so long streamlining it into one project. This was why he loved his job. It was so easy to become a part of the process; another cog in the mechanism that made the whole world turn. He always took a moment, before sending something out or showing it to the masses, to be grateful for the fact that he was able to do this. Flipping the phone over in his hands a few times, Tony eventually glanced upward. “Tell Pep it’s ready for stage three finalisation,” he declared to JARVIS, his ever-omniscient listener. “Then ask her to take a picture of her happy and unendingly grateful face for me, so I can feel extra validated.”
“No no, I didn’t mean-“ Peter huffed and rolled his eyes, and although Steve never ever would, he could see why the kid ended up getting beat up by the bigger kids so often. “Listen. Just… don’t give up on him. Whatever he said, it's bull. He's fronting to stop you getting hurt, to stop
Steve couldn’t help it; he whimpered with relief. It was pathetic, really- just a stupid nightmare, not even real. But it sure had felt as if it was at the time. He could still see the sight of it in the back of his head, and knew that particular image would not be leaving him for a while.
Sparing himself a last few seconds simply to listen, Steve eventually opened his mouth and let out the breath he’d been holding, slow and steady so as not to wake Tony. Once he breathed again, it became even more difficult to hear any other faint sounds properly, but it was still just about audible in the quiet of their bedroom, and Steve revelled in the simple sound as sleep began to cloud his mind once more, coming back to him easily, as if he had never truly awoken at all.
They laughed at each other, and Steve was hit with how lucky he was to have a person like Peggy in his corner. Calm and collected and completely competent- she was perfect in her own right. He remembered, when he’d first met her, how massively he’d crushed on her. With her cute accent and her red lips and the way she’d not even hesitated for a second as she’d swung a right hook across some asshole’s face and knocked him flat-out on her very first day at school.
Tony just laughed and gave a lazy salute, before kicking off the brake and pulling out into the road again. From over Bucky’s shoulder, Steve blew him a quick kiss and then yelped when Bucky gave him a sulky shove in the chest. “Feeling a little sense of déjà vu are we, Bucky?” He asked innocently.
Tony swallowed the bile in his throat and rocked Peter gently in his arms, Steve’s hand a warm and comforting weight against his shoulder, shielding him and Peter from the rest of the world. He shook his head mutely, not knowing what to say. “In the… I watched. There was- uh—her phone. It… I watched them—” he cut off, voice wavering into nothingness. He couldn’t even fucking
“Tony?” Someone asked, and he looked up to see Bruce watching him, voice quiet as he added, “are you okay?”
Maybe it was in his eyes, or maybe Susan just knew that she would always be fighting a losing battle. When Steve Rogers set his mind on something, he did it. But her face crumbled, and she sighed, short and filled with grief. Steve looked at her, and she looked at him. He nodded. “It’s gonna be okay,” he said softly, and he meant it. “I’m gonna be okay. This is what I want.”
“Well, to be honest- if we get caught in the blast now, then it’s probably gonna be the equivalent of being hit by a brick wall,” Tony frowned, cocking his head and looking over to it, “fortunately- it takes a while for it to garner all that energy. And seeing as we aren’t lucky enough to be wearing HYDRA’S reinforced uniforms, I’m just gonna have to work fast, aren’t I?”
“Obvious, isn’t it?” Natasha said, and the two of them looked over to her. They all paused for a second as they heard footsteps coming down the stairs, but it was only Clint and Thor, closely followed by Bruce. Peter was tucked safely into his arms, unharmed, but quite clearly shaken. He was sucking at his thumb, face tucked deep into Bruce’s neck as he gripped tight to the man’s shirt. Tony thought it rather unusual that he wasn’t crying, but hey- at least that was one less thing they had to deal with.
The LMD’s face whipped over to him, the vicious smile dropping off his face. A second later, Tony felt more than heard the low vibration push its way through the room, and finally, finally, the LMD reacted to it. His face twisted and his body stiffened, all of his actions suddenly getting interrupted by the pitch.
Tony smiled at him, and quietly thanked the universe for letting him have a man like Steve Rogers for himself. “I promise,” he nodded, tilting his head and accepting the kiss that Steve placed on his mouth in response.
Steve didn’t know what to say, unable to find anything that could even hope to help. He just sat there uselessly, while Tony shook his head and then rolled onto his back, staring up at the ceiling with a numb expression on his face. Steve watched the other boy’s eyes well up, tears starting to spill over and slip down his ruined cheeks as he became less focused on the pain and more aware of everything else.
corridor leasing out of the elevator. No one would be using it. Not at this time. And okay, maybe if they started smashing windows it might alert some suspicion, but it’d be fine. They could make it.
do that, no, but it’s who you are. And I got too angry about it. I overreacted because I was emotional.”
“Out of interest,” Tony said breezily as his eyes narrowed in on Michael, “have either of you fine gentlemen ever come across the term ‘LMD’ before?”
Tony just kept staring. He couldn’t fucking help it- he had no idea how to process what he’d just realized.
Steve shoved him back, cheeks burning with embarrassment as he looked at the floor. “Buddy, you don’t know the meaning of a bad heart, you shush, I was just… trying to communicate. That’s what people in healthy relationships do, right? So yeah!”
Tony paused, and then his face twisted up until he was looking at Steve as if he was insane. “What else would I do with you?” He asked, sounding genuinely confused.
The little girl nodded solemnly, and as the bell rang for their recess, Tony found himself mulling over his own words. Down the hall, he knew Steve would be just finishing from his own lesson, and unlike Tony, Steve was going to be sticking around for a little longer in order to give the whole school a talk. He’d offered it, happy to help out. Happy to inspire the young minds.
It was maybe twenty seconds later when he heard the compression of cushions as Loki sat back down without a word. When Steve glanced at him, he was staring down at his phone. He wasn’t entirely sure why Loki had chosen to stay—almost certainly not for his benefit, at the very least. Seemed he had a bit of a soft spot for Tony though. Steve couldn’t blame him for that. No one could be around Tony Stark and not start caring for him in some way or another.
“I’m okay,” he said again, firmer this time as he squeezed down against Tony’s shoulders, “just any old injury. Happens a lot.”
Between Talia’s hostility and the fact that Steve always forgot how much a part of him would always hate flying until he was in the air, he was really starting to agree with her that he should have stayed home. He gripped the leather armrest of his seat harder, grateful at least that it was a private plane. SHIELD had a policy (Steve himself had instated) of not sending out proprietary tech like quinjets on inter-agency missions—it just tended to cause too many headaches—but Tony had purchased more than one private jet and ‘donated’ it to SHIELD, claiming that Steve had faced enough of the horrors of the new century and did not need to be subjected to coach.
won’t you just—” The second Talia managed to force Masdee to break her attention enough to look directly at her, Steve could tell how much she wished she hadn’t. There was nothing kind or tender in Masdee now, nothing but the cold fury of a woman whose duty to her King and country was being interrupted. Masdee murmured something to Ayo, who nodded gravely and made a quick departure, and then she snapped,
“I have no idea,” he sighed. Bruce’s gaze on him grew sharper, more assessing, and Tony couldn’t even muster up the energy to blush, or try to avoid being studied by eyes that always saw too much. At this point, maybe someone telling him what the hell his deal was would be a welcome break.
Some of the toys and specific sex acts listed were compelling but kind of terrifying too. The list included everything from cock cages and electro-stimulation to double and triple penetration, which, was that even possible given the kind of absurd size of half the people living in this tower? Trying to imagine that quickly turned into more of an intellectual challenge about physics and geometry than a sexual daydream.
. Because every time I get near you I can’t stop thinking about how with all the things that are different across our universes, in both of ‘em I’m the Winter Soldier, the guy who killed your parents and murdered dozens of others. How can I ask you to trust me like that when I’m really starting to think there’s something just, just wrong with me, at my core.”
While morning found Clint much closer to his usual headspace, he elected not to put his hearing aids in immediately, a cue that his senses were still nearing overstimulation as they often did following his forays into submission. So Steve kept the lights dim, the television off, and hand fed the other man in quiet broken only by the sounds of Clint chewing or moaning lightly when Steve stopped feeding him long enough to nuzzle him or stroke his dirty blonde hair lightly. The silence was as much a gift to Steve himself as it was to Clint; he was sickeningly grateful not to have to keep up with sexy post-scene banter or even have a more mundane conversation about their respective plans for the day just now. It gave him the strength to give Clint his warmest smile and tightest hug when the man finished eating, got dressed, and put in his bright purple HawkEars.
Tony nearly said no, because Steve was right, there was little to do about commitment and abandonment issues as deep as his own. Nothing but the sheer repetition of breaking his expectations over and over again would really convince him they were wrong. But then the image of Phil kneeling on the penthouse floor, handing his worries over to Natasha in the form of small metal balls came to the forefront of his mind, and he knew what he needed to do. He practically scrambled to get out from underneath a clearly confused Steve, whose pursed lips and crinkled spot between his eyes suggested he was worried Tony might be making a run for it.
On the wall of the conference room was what looked like a giant wooden maze, which was covered by a thick layer of glass. It appeared to be empty, except for a gold ring that sat in the bottom right-hand corner. On the opposite wall was a bunch of unrelated lab equipment that Tony could only assume had been misplaced at some point.
“He was never very comfortable with the fact that I had money. Even when he warmed to the rest of me, that aspect of my life…I always got the impression that he sort of liked me in spite of the whole billionaire thing.” Steve looked like he wanted to say a great many things, but in an uncharacteristically controlled move, he nodded and took a pointed bite of his burger in a silent invitation for Tony to keep talking. “In the end I don’t think he and I really ever knew each other all that well. We started to, after the Snap, but so much at happened by then. I think maybe it always would have felt sort of bittersweet.” He gusted Steve’s shoulder with his own. “What about you? Am I…do I remind you of him a lot?”
He thought back to those dark, horrid days after Tony had died. At first, managing to do things like breathing and eating were about all he could handle. He hadn’t needed to imagine or wish for death because he’d felt lifeless and broken already. As days turned into weeks and months, though, it had been tempting to find the most dangerous mission he could. But…
Steve was entirely used to hearing long strings of curses coming from the workshop of whatever home he was in; it was one of the hazards of living amongst geniuses (and no matter what Bruce said, his language in the labs and shop got just as foul as Tony’s when he was really immersed in a project.)
“I had the team from Wakanda come out and do the bloodwork early,” he blurted, sure that if he didn’t start somewhere and quickly he might never get it all out. He talked for a quarter of an hour after that, with zero interruptions from the other two people in the room. He stuck to the bare facts of what Chimva had told him, because numbers were easier, had always been easier than the messy emotional stuff.
After Bruce tries to get to the root of Tony's food isues, Pepper, Rhodey and Tony go on a field trip. Steve makes a decision about how his and Talia's mission will proceed.
This story had lived in my head for so long before I actually did anything with it that I sincerely worried that the experience of actually writing it could never measure up. Your kudos, comments and questions constantly prove me wrong, and make this fic a joy to write. Thank you! And keep those #AskStrange queries coming too, if you're so inclined! This chapter definitely has a lot of opportunities in it for his commentary.
“Anyone do any scenes that didn’t involve sex?” Pepper demanded. More heavy silence greeted the question. It was the news Steve should have expected coming into this, given the allusions Tony had made to not being included in many of the team’s daily orientational practices, and yet the realization of being right still made his heart ache. The others all had good reasons for starting slowly, and certainly given what they knew of this Tony it was far more likely that he’d accept submission when it came accompanied by sex; like the previous version, people had always been willing to want Tony sexually, even when they’d otherwise disliked him.
“Whatever it is, the idea of saying it will be worse than actually saying it,” she said, gently but with a line of absolute steel threaded through every syllable. “If you let the idea keep growing, it’ll just get bigger and more intimidating. The words won’t change. The words are just words, and once you’ve said them I can help you carry them.”
Tony held his hands up in a surrender pose, trying very hard to seem unaffected by the quiet defeat in every line of Peter’s injured body.
“Them to see you like this?” Phil suggested idly, like what he was saying didn’t send fucking electricity all up and down Tony’s spine. “Want them to see you—what did you say earlier,  basking in me? Want them to see Tony Stark stripped down, begging for a cock in his mouth?” Tony made a short, jerky motion that could have been construed as a nod, but that wasn’t enough for his Dominant. “Say yes, Sir.”
“When we first became…this,” he gestured around the table, “we weren’t all on an even footing. Phil and Nat and Clint knew each other real well, I’d grown up with Stevie, Stevie and Tony had some history, but some of us barely knew each other past the surface stuff. So we dated. Once a week we went out in different combinations and just worked on getting to know each other.”
“Masters. Did you just miss me, or were you after something in particular today? Besides yet another broken nose, that is?”
It feels so good to be back! And honestly, even though I love writing Peter, it was a real relief to be back writing Tony for a more extended scene in this one, too! I hope you all had fun with it. Thank you, as always, for the comments and kudos!
Someone—Thor, yeah that had to be Thor—screamed something that sounded like Clint’s codename. Seconds later, there was an almighty crash as an entire platform crashed to the ground. Steve saw a flash of purple in the dust and debris that confirmed what he’d heard.
It was childish, but he closed his eyes before Pepper entered into his field of vision. It didn’t help. She still invaded all of his senses—he heard the warm affection in her voice as she greeted the bots, felt the air around him shift as it was displaced by her movements, smelled the faint scent of her perfume, something lingering and fruity today—but he kept his eyes screwed shut anyway. There was a rustle of fabric (taking off her suit jacket, probably), and then another swish of air, closer this time, that meant she was probably sitting on the floor right in front of him.
“If Natasha isn’t complaining then I’m certainly not. Something tells me she’ll be a little less willing to lie right to my face if you’re there watching her.” Natasha muttered a Russian curse that Tony recognized, but as it wasn’t directed at him, he felt it would have been pretty rat-like to tattle on her. He settled himself instead on the wheeling chair Bruce sent rolling in his direction, staying far back enough that he wasn’t right in anyone’s face, but close enough that he could pick up some of the details. If the context didn’t indicate that Natasha had submitted the night prior, he wasn’t sure he would have known it to look at her. She wasn’t relaxed or sloppy the way Tony usually felt after a scene. Her gaze on Bruce was sharp as he sat down on his own chair near her head. “Natasha. What happened to your knee?”
I'm not sure yet how current events will impact my posting schedule. I'll likely be home more, but with a toddler out of childcare, and learning to quickly adapt an in-person course to online teaching. I'm finding writing really comforting right now, though, so I'll be posting whenever I can. If you have prompts/requests/questions, for this verse or something else, I'm happy to consider them!
Bruce arrived in under two minutes. He was flushed and sleep mussed and Steve knew a moment of regret for waking him, especially when JARVIS and Tony filled him on why he’d been summoned so early in the morning. But he didn’t look at Steve with pity or annoyance. Indeed, he barely addressed himself to Steve at all beyond a short greeting nod. Instead, he turned his attention entirely to Tony, who whined good-naturedly as Bruce got him up on all fours in an inspection position.
“Sir, I have just received a call from a secure line in Wakanda on the team’s behalf. Captain Rogers is en route from Wakanda.”
They allowed the subs to doze against once another until dinner; the trio grumbled about being woken when their delivery arrived, but gradually brightened with careful administration of spring rolls and ginger beef. The team was in the middle of a debate over what movie to watch—it was down to a documentary on Netflix and a classic Disney movie that had somehow escaped Steve’s efforts to catch up—when JARVIS’s cool tones broke through.
Without another word, without pausing one more second to let himself think about the commitment he was making, Steve spun on his heel, seized the ice bucket, and marched down to the ice machine at the end of the hall. It was grimy enough that he wouldn’t have dared exposed the open wound of anyone who wasn’t enhanced to the contents, but for today it would do. He stomped back to the room, lifted Peter’s hand up onto the bed so it sat above his heart, and shoved it not entirely gently into the bucket of ice. Peter made to swear at Steve, maybe even hit him again, but Steve shook his head.
Tony flushed with embarrassment at having essentially abandoned all the ample cocksucking technique he’d developed over the years, but he tried not to dwell on it as he did as Phil had instructed. He tongued at the slit of Phil’s cock, happily lapping at the drops of pre-come that greeted him.
“We do,” Domen agreed. She tactfully did not point out the slight whine in Steve’s voice, which was probably the best he could have hoped for.
Tony slept for close to two hours. He decried Rhodes’ ‘witchcraft’ when he woke, but stopped mid-sentence when he realized whose lap he had found himself in. Bucky, who had energetically debating cooking shows with Clint just seconds before, had gone stiff; he probably would have beat a hasty exit out of the room if it wouldn’t have sent Tony tumbling to the ground in a heap.
“Of course, the problem we then ran into was the unpredictable interactions between the alien and human materials. Add to that the fact that Natasha threatened to burn SHIELD to the ground herself when she found out about the program and we decided to investigate other avenues.” Tony was strongly considering whether or not to offer information about Extremis when Coulson’s text alert sounded from beside him. (And was it Tony’s own ego making things up, or did Phil look almost regretful as he wiped the juice and seeds from his hands with a cloth, like he didn’t want to stop talking to Tony?)
Tony hadn’t consciously stopped providing the anger with sustenance, though looking back on what he could recall of his drunken ranting at Rogers he could recognize that he’d been poking at the guy, trying to get him to say the wrong thing and give Tony more cause to hate him than crimes committed by his alternate self. But Cap hadn’t given it; he’d been calm and even-tempered, bordering on sympathetic, and when Tony hung up after talking to him, he’d slept better than he had in weeks (which he suspected was not just an effect of the booze.) And then Barnes had demonstrated so much affection and care toward Tony’s bots, and he’d been so damn angry at his alternate-self on Tony’s behalf. He’d even recognized Tony’s growing cabin fever and offered to run out for street hot-dogs for their lunch, during which they traded anecdotes and Dummy-wrangling tricks and laughed more than Tony could remember doing in recent memory. About halfway through demolishing the meal, Tony had realized with that same sense of exhausted relief he’d felt in space that his anger had finally been starved out.
With the kind of timing that only happened in really terrible movies, Steve stepped out of the elevator no more than three seconds later. His hair was wet, his face flushed, and he had paired a beautiful plum silk button-up with a terrible pair of khakis; the latter was especially odd given that this version of Steve had a way more evolved sense of style than his counterpart had ever had the time or inclination to develop. But Tony wouldn’t have cared if the guy had entered the penthouse in an Easter Bunny costume, because he was
“That’s it!” Steve shouted, rising to his feet so suddenly that the table between he and Natasha shook. She arched a brow that managed to be more comprehensively mocking than any words she could have bothered saying. “Pepper. We need Pepper.”
He could easily have stayed there most of the night, soaking in the quiet comfort of knowing that Peter was there with a belly full of food and a warm bed, but that was only half of what needed doing. With a quiet sigh, he turned and made his way into his own bedroom.
Natasha assented to the instructions, promised to text with any meaningful news, and then hung up. Not trusting himself to heed her warning about returning to New York if he spent much time alone, Steve quickly made his way to the front of the plane. They were about to cross the boundary of Wakanda and Talia was quite literally on the edge of her seat. Less than two minutes later, the quiet pastoral scene in front of them gave way to a glittering metropolis. Steve expected a whoop or a series of enthusiastic curses, but Talia greeted transformation with silence except for a single, awed,
It was difficult not to be buoyed, slightly, by having impressed someone like Domen. She had never cared a whit that he was Captain America, or the Director of SHIELD; in these sessions he had never been anyone but Steve Rogers, broken and struggling and entirely human, certain a lot of the time that he was getting nowhere.
In what felt like seconds, the room was empty again save for Steve and Natasha. She didn’t bother with any preamble, nor did she address his takedown (assault) of Alex.
Content Notes: One of Strange's replies includes mentions of disordered eating (specifically, starvation as an adult and forced overeating as a child.) If you want to avoid, skip the part of Strange's answer beginning "As for Stark's food issues" and pick up again at the start of the next question.
“If they had but listened to him…” One of them ended up saying some version of this almost every week. This time it was Thor, who so rarely allowed himself to grow angry or bitter with regret.
“I don’t care what Steve says. You’re not a Dom. Or a switch.” Objections were immediate, and from nearly every side.
“So what, did you come here to fucking gloat?” he spat. “Or did you want forgiveness, maybe? Want me to tell you it’s just fine you’re about to tear my life apart because
No content notes I can think of here, beyond the general fact of it being tremendously hard on the entire team to be in this position of attempting to pass Tony off as his other self. As always, though, if you feel I've missed a needed warning, or if you have any questions or concerns, just let me know and I'm happy to help!
Matters did not improve once they finally escaped the bedroom, Tony sweater-free and not goose-fleshed on his forearms, dammit. Steve offered about fifteen different options for breakfast, and visibly sighed as Tony sucked down his fourth cup of coffee in direct defiance of the rules he and Bruce had established about his caffeine to water intake ratio.
“Three days,” Rhodey said once she had taken off to the labs. “Plenty of time to freak out about your date with Captain America in the meantime, right?”
intrigued by the results of his bloodwork. I suspect he shall never trust me enough to allow me access to any medical information not made public, and I do try to limit my use of the Time Stone for snooping purposes, but it is particularly tempting in this case. I do think the tie to the Soul Stone is critical in this respect; I suspect that bond is also what made the Soul Stone choose this particular universe to send Stark to.
When Tony had finally found the Tesseract inside a safe keyed to Maria Stark’s birthday (a sentimental detail he was still surprised by), it had not been alone. There had been another notebook. He’d taken it out because it had been stored with the case, so it had seemed logical to assume that whatever was inside was related to the power stone. (Plus, if Tony was being entirely honest, he still got kind of a thrill over encountering bits of his dad’s handwriting. A stupid, sentimental thing he should have grown out of by now, but losing a parent young did things to you.)
“And go where?” The tone Steve used wasn’t unkind. It wasn’t even the half-confused, half-frustrated grumble that had been common in their earliest interactions. But that didn’t mean Peter enjoyed having it pointed out to him that, on top of facing the world’s worst hangover, he also had no real home to recover in. In lieu of replying, he began eyeing the room for his clothes. Then he remembered just how much he’d vomited last night.
Several hours later, he was feeling much less charitable in his assessment of Steve Rogers. Initially, Peter had retreated to his room after greeting Bucky and Sam in an attempt to give them time to catch up. But his near-constant isolation over the past several weeks meant he was on top of all of his homework, and the prospect of spending his first full day living in a superhero compound alone and brooding felt a little too bleak, even for him.
While I hesitate, for reasons of my own safety, to share information related to Natasha Romanov, this seems to be the most illustrative instance I can find.
He clung to those words like a mantra as he knelt on the padded mat Bruce had pulled out and set on the workshop floor. And, as an added bonus, Bruce even let the Hulk out to play once Tony was settled. The big guy practiced his reading with Tony again; he appeared to be working his way through the literary canon, and was in a big Jane Austen phase. Occasionally a bit of unfamiliar, dated English tripped him up, but Hulk’s was still an oddly soothing reading voice, and it was nearly impossible for Tony to feel self-conscious about his own embodiment when Bruce was willfully displaying a part of himself he had once despised.
“I’m not anchoring you to anything until we can get some testing done to see about the extent of that carpal tunnel.” Tony fought the urge to roll his eyes, already wishing he’d never confirmed Clint’s suspicions.
Finally! No, truly, however else I might feel about conveying Stark's emotional state, I am still human. I thrive on gossip. (Plus I am about to reveal myself as the hero of this entire story, which has been way too long in the making.)
didn’t sound like a kid of Tony’s, Steve thought with a slightly hysterical laugh, he didn’t know what would.
The Wakandans, meanwhile, were now far less interested in the loss of their weaponry than they were in the potential threat the brothers posed to the Princess Shuri. Masdee had made contact with T’Challa, shortly after their initial meeting. The latter had been quietly incensed in a way that Steve had never before witnessed; it reminded him of Bucky’s protectiveness over his own sisters when they were children, nearly leading him to smile at what would have been a highly inappropriate moment. Despite his sister’s vocal and—judging from the reaction of her brother and mother—highly un-Princess like response, T’Challa ordered the Wakandan contingent to return to their country to coordinate Shuri’s protection and the hopeful capture of the Ssenjovu brothers with the
“Did you…” he said quietly, looking at the homescreen blankly and then up to Tony, who just nodded. He kept his hand around Steve’s.
He stopped dead in his tracks, whole body freezing to an unceremonious halt as he took in the room around him- the flickering glow of the LED lights and the wires that were strung across the ceiling like vines and the scraps of machines that littered every surface. It looked like something out of a sci-fi novel. It looked like… something Steve had never seen before. Magic and science, rolled into one. Jesus, Tony had maths equations scribbled along the walls- there were papers and files littered across the desk the same way any other kid would have homework- all of it going completely over Steve’s head as he took it in, of course, but… Jeez, he could still appreciate it.
He picked the sticky note up and held it between his fingers, eyes drawn to the stupid cross at the end of Tony’s name like it meant something. It didn’t mean anything. He knew it didn’t mean anything.
“Wait,” he stopped them both in the center of the room, which, in hindsight, was probably not the most subtle or Generally Great way of doing things, “are you fucking hitting on me?”
- and yet it was Tony who was the most fragile. The weakest link. And he hated that Steve knew that, now. That the whole damn team knew.
In that second, an idea popped into his head, and he sat bolt upright in bed, face breaking out into another smile. Just like that, he now had a plan that could perfectly tie up all of his issues into one big happy package. Scrambling off the bed and looking for his calendar in the piles of debris and litter on his desk, Tony double-checked the dates, just to be sure. But he was right: his parents would be going to Madrid on the 29
He’d been lying to himself. It was clear as day in the way Steve was talking excitedly to Bruce about how Peter was going to be walking in no time at all now. Clear in the way that Tony’s first instinct upon seeing that damn child was to pick him up, hold him close, love him. Whether he wanted to or not, Tony knew that he would kill and die for the kid in front of him. He’d do anything, and that hadn’t even been a conscious choice he’d made. Christ, Tony didn’t even want to
“There’s a chopper up top,” Hawkeye said with a curt nod, beginning to lead them off in the direction of the roof. Tony rushed along with them, but in his mind, he already knew what they would find once they made it to the Avengers Tower.
“You really are,” Natasha told him gently, her hand finding his and squeezing under the table, “and I really think you should stop being a little pissbaby and just go tell him you want to make out with him on the principal’s desk-“
Tony just nodded, noting down the information into his growing bank of how-to-get-steve-to-not-hit-you tips and tricks. His jaw felt better after a few minutes with the pack, and Steve was kind to him- made him laugh with that dry, sarcastic humour of his. He seemed sorry. He didn’t say it, but he definitely
. It sucked for everyone and I don’t know how many times I’m going to have to tell you that it wasn’t all your fault, but I’ll keep saying it until you believe me. Steve,
Tony nodded, eyes starting to droop at the sound of Steve’s quiet voice. His body truly was exhausted, pushed to the limit both physically and emotionally. It’d been a long day, after all. “I’m serious ‘bout the electricity thing,” he mumbled as he shut his eyes and snuggled down against Steve’s side, “you’re not allowed to touch it again. Any form at all.”
Steve stared at her chipped nail for a moment, before deciding that her offer was better than nothing and then extending his own. They shook solemnly before Natasha dropped it and grabbed Clint by the arm. “Come on, Barton,” she told him, “we need to go tell Miss Price why we didn’t give in our Math homework.”
Rumlow sighed loudly and then slid his feet off the table in order to lean forward. “Oh, cut the bullshit, Stark. You know what’s about to happen now. Your case is doomed, you were caught red-handed, and your
Steve hummed again. She side-eyed him suspiciously, but eventually must have just put it down to his funny mood because she let it drop. Steve was grateful- he didn’t fancy a lecture right then. Hell- he probably wouldn’t even go… but wasn’t this sort of thing just what Bucky and Peggy had been talking to him about last night? Networking, right? It was only a night. And Steve just wanted something different, for once. A change.
Tony raised his hands defensively. “Whoah there, soldier, I didn’t realise staying out after curfew was a capital offence now.”
,” Tony hissed, head jerking up angrily, almost nose-to-nose with Steve as he leaned in further, “it’s not fucking fine and it’s not okay, but here I fucking am anyway- not stoppin’, not…
through substance abuse, by any chance?” Steve said, looking at him with a frown. There were no two ways about it- he hated the sort of things Tony did to himself on a seemingly regular basis, and how that appeared to be one of the main factors as to why all his buddies stuck around.
“Damn right it is,” he nodded solemnly and held out his hands, wrapping them around Tony’s slim waist as soon as he got near enough and tugging him into his lap, “best remember that.”
In the end though, not even his art could hold him for long, and he ended up calling it a night and going to bed. It was only 8 at night, but he was goddamn tired, thank you very much. It felt like he’d run an emotional marathon. Anyway, he wanted to get up early in the morning so that he could head out and check on Tony before stopping off and visiting Peggy and Bucky later on in the day, and the only way he could feasibly manage waking up on a weekend before 10am was if he got
“We… we won’t be able to go out much. I’m probably gonna be a pretty shitty partner, all things considered.” Tony looked away for a moment, shrugging as nonchalantly as he could manage. “We could just. Uh. Stay as friends. If you’d rather not—”
Tony’s face was soft when he looked at Steve, and a moment later he came to rest his hand against Steve’s jaw, thumb stroking against the light stubble just starting to dust his face. Steve smiled up at him, tilting his head further into Tony’s hold. “You didn’t need to go to all that effort,” Tony murmured, “I can handle this.”
Steve was almost about to take him up on that offer, but then Natasha pushed her way through the crowds and swiftly crushed the little invention down against the table. Clint, again, just stared at it in vague disappointment. "Oh."
Steve paused for another second, before he nodded once. “Yes Sir,” he conceded, voice clipped as he rose from his chair slowly. For a brief moment, his eyes met with Tony’s. One of them was hardly visible; swollen from an injury. Steve remembered where he’d received that from: saving Santa Barbara from getting crushed by a twenty-foot robot. He hadn’t needed to do that. But he chose to anyway.
So instead of yelling at them, he simply skipped over to them and threw himself into the crowd, knowing that they’d keep him from plummeting on to the floor.
“JARVIS,” he called out, jumping to his feet and grabbing one of the stools, smashing the leg down into the underside of the robot’s elbow. The impact forced him to let go of Natasha’s ankle, and she stumbled away with a bitten off curse. “JARVIS, play 5 hertz. Loud as you can.”
But, after another five minutes sat staring at the opposite wall and thinking of everything that he had to do and wasn’t, he ended up accepting defeat. Sleep wasn’t returning to him, at least not today. He needed to get up and do stuff anyway- it wasn’t easy trying to keep an entire company afloat while also juggling superheroism, but someone had to do it. Tony had thousands of livelihoods resting on his shoulders, after all.
Peter had the whole team wrapped around his stubby little finger, and none of them even cared. It was… weird. But a good sort of weird. A
Steve felt the flicker of anxiety at the risk Tony would be taking with that, but he couldn’t ultimately disagree with it. He didn’t want Tony anywhere near Howard. “So when are you going to get out?” He asked breathlessly.
Tony was one of the first to get in, trailing close behind Steve as the man rammed his way into the Penthouse floor. Every last one of them had been frantic on the journey, dealing with the panic in their own separate ways, but now, it was all over. Tony saw it all instantly; the trail of destruction mapped out right in front of him, starting at the window they’d blasted through, marching into the living room where tables and couches had been upturned, boot-marks had been imprinted, and finishing at the opposite end of the floor, where Happy’s body lay.
so much- even when you barely knew me you were bending over backward for me, getting yourself beat to a goddamn pulp just so you could get some idiot his damn jewelry back and
“I have to work,” Tony said, even as his hands slid around Steve’s neck and pulled him in closer, “seriously, important and life-changing things are happening down in my lab.”
everyone yelled simultaneously, and Bucky shielded himself as various objects were thrown at him in response, Steve giving him an exasperated shove and sending him into the wall.  “All right, all right- no punching. Plus I’m not sure which one of us would win anyway, and I’m not up for having my pride hit like that. Don’t worry, your pretty boy’s safe.” Bucky shot him a look, and Steve just sighed fondly, knowing Bucky was pulling his leg.
“You’re Steve, right?” One of the girls- Frost, maybe- turned her head to Steve, and then suddenly there were five pairs of eyes on him, all curious, all analytic.
“Uhh, ‘we’?” Clint sputtered as Natasha pulled him out of the circle, “I think we’ll find only one of us forgot to meet the deadline, actually-“
When Steve looked into the eyes of his own self from 12 years ago, he had a moment of astounding clarity, in which his entire life played out in front of him like a video tape.
"Tony, he's not our responsibility- we can take her back and then guide her toward some of the better decisions she can make, give her more options than just dropping him at the feet of some superheroes," Steve tried, but Tony shook his head again, lip curling in distaste.
Steve just nodded, wrapping his arm around Tony’s waist. “Think he’s still shaken up by all of it,” he explained with a heavy feeling in his heart, “it was a really close call. He must’ve been terrified.”
Well. That sure was a swift end to his good mood. He’d never get the thing dry in time, because everything he owned was now
Tony couldn’t do it. He just wanted this all to be over now. He wanted to have never got himself into this stupid situation in the first place.
“Don’t even bother,” Natasha rolled her eyes and then laid her head back gently against Tony’s midsection. “Tactics and probabilities go out of the window when it’s family who hang in the balance. I know you. You wouldn’t leave. In the same way you know us.” Her eyes glazed over, something deep and profound hanging within them as she turned to look at Tony. “Never in my life would I have thought I would choose heart over head,” she said quietly, “and yet here I am. And I don’t regret it. Tactically, maybe you’re right. The sensible option would be to leave you. But none of us are going to do that, in the same way that you would not think for a second about abandoning us up here, so let’s all drop the pretence that it would ever happen, because it won’t.” Her face turned grim and determined, and she looked back over to the door. “When HYDRA come, we will fight, and we will win, and you will get medical assistance, and then you will tell Steve you love him, and everything will be fine.”
Mutely, Tony nodded, taking Steve’s wrist before he could turn away and then leaning down, lips brushing feather-soft over Steve’s fresh cut on the side of his nose.
“You know,” he shrugged, “just… I get that I’m not exactly great parental material or whatever, I understand that, and like, we’re not exactly a conventional couple, are we? I’ve got issues on top of my fucking issues and it just… wouldn’t work. I know this makes you uncomfortable because you think I’m gonna start asking about babies and stuff, but I promise, I get it. So. Yeah. No need to discuss it.”
Had that really happened, or had Steve just dreamt that? No, no, it was real. He knew it was real. It was easier for him to discern imagination from reality this time around, and he knew for a fact that that had happened. Tony had asked him. But the conversation had ended up getting sort of shelved because of Steve’s precarious mental stability, so nothing had really been…well, confirmed. If Steve was being honest, his mental stability right now was probably not at the standard it usually was (if that standard could even be called stable at all was debateable too), but he didn’t want to leave this unfinished for any longer than he had to. Tony would let it get to his head if he did, start thinking maybe Steve didn’t want to say yes.
Like father like son, he thought bitterly, brushing a hand over his face and pushing off the tears. He wanted, so selfishly, to just know what Tony was thinking. More than anything. Wanted Tony to tell him it was okay, comfort him like he always fucking did, because he was perfect and soft and he let Steve be fragile. But just thinking it made him feel sick with shame, with disgust. Tony was in pain, traumatised, laid up in a hospital bed having previously thought that Steve had done that to him of his own volition, and then here he was, wishing that Tony could be the one to offer kindness to
to finally find the courage to ask Steve out, he’d gotten an awesome gift for Clint that he knew the guy would love, and they’d been going to watch Die Hard after Christmas Dinner. He and Steve might’ve even done some snuggling, dependant on at what point during the day Tony had managed to finally express his stupid feelings. Now, though, they weren’t going to be able to do any of that. Instead, they were stuck in a freezing little cabin in the middle of fucking nowhere. And Tony was pretty sure he was dying.
Steve took two steps forward and turned, positioning himself in front of Tony and grabbing the man’s shoulders so that he could spin him around. This wouldn’t take long. But in his last moments, he wanted it to be Tony’s face he saw.
Which would be fixed. Obviously. Bruce had said it would go back to normal with time; that they hadn’t kept up the reconditioning long enough for it to be permanent, and so Tony just had to wait. It would get better, so Tony had nothing to worry about.
Steve still didn’t quite understand exactly what had gone on between Bucky and Tony the other night. The effects, however, had been clear and immediate. Tony had cheerfully adopted Bucky’s tireless stubbornness, and if his sudden and unprecedented appearance at Steve’s office was any indication, he was confident in a way he hadn’t been before, either. (Not to mention sneaky. He knew damn well that Steve couldn’t turn him away without raising eyebrows that they definitely didn’t want raised.)
Content Notes: Response 1 contains extremely vague spoilers about the eventual future of this universe.
“Ah, yes, we thought we might experiment a bit more deliberately with the effects of Bucky’s Dominant register on you. I assume that’s not a problem?” Bruce dropped this bombshell with the distant, easy professionalism of a doctor ordering an additional test, then made his way to the front of the bench and held out the flogger for Tony to see. Reflexively, he reached out to touch it, but was stopped by the restraints at his wrists. Bruce smirked, then brought the crop up to stroke his cheek with a gentleness that felt somehow more ominous than any harsh words or touch he could have offered. “Do you have questions before we begin?”
It all happened quickly after that. Steve had Phil undressed by the time the elevator ride to his floor was over, and he watched with unapologetic, undisguised lust as Phil crawled into the living room beside him. God but he’d missed Phil’s thighs, how thick and toned they were, the way the muscles bunched so deliciously under his skin when he moved.
This was the biggest risk Tony would take today, and he hoped he was playing it right. He couldn’t, wouldn’t, imply he was willing to directly go up against Steve, and he also had to play it with a hint of reluctance, like he was fighting his instincts by risking his Dominant’s displeasure. (That part came easier than he expected. He remembered how goddamn frantic he’d felt during the scene with Natasha, when he convinced himself she wasn’t letting him come because he’d done something wrong. That feeling, that fear of disappointing her, had been way worse and more powerful than the denial itself.) Richards’ brows shot up towards his receding hairline, and he studied Tony for a couple of seconds with what could only be described as hunger. (Gotcha, old man.) Still, when he spoke, the other man at least attempted the light, jovial tone of a few minutes prior.
“Do you need some help?” And yes, Tony did need fucking help, thank you Steve, but it wasn’t Sir’s hand on him, it was something leather—his eyes slammed open, finding a thin shaft covered in grey leather which terminated on one end in the handle Steve was gripping. On the other, the side resting against Tony’s chest, was a leather tongue. “I don’t normally allow a sub any other stimulation during this particular exercise, but since you’re working pretty hard for me, I can use this to make it just a little easier.”
“Did I now?” Clint’s hand found its way to the small of Tony’s back, steering him as Tony continued to mutter accusations and threats.
So to say that Steve was surprised when his eyes fell upon his agent and found a delicate blush painting the tips of her cheekbones…that would be rather an understatement.
Steve appreciated on some level that she didn’t bother with introductions or softball questions designed to put him at ease. Domen was being frank about her goals, and about the fact that this was a standardized process. To her, Steve wasn’t special; his loss was not unique. After years of journalists and strangers and coworkers calling Tony’s death things like unimaginable and incomprehensible, it was oddly comforting to think that there was a set of rules for how to deal with this.
“Would you say you’re nearing baseline, sweetheart?” Steve asked in an almost airy tone, and Jesus, was he that desperate to just be rid of Tony already?
But instead of gratitude, Peter mostly just felt really, really angry. It kept him up some nights, the injustice of all of this a burning, acidic pit in his stomach. It wasn’t supposed to happen this way. Tony Stark wasn’t Ben, or Peter’s parents. It wasn’t just one stupid kid who needed him, it was a whole universe, and so he wasn’t supposed to die or even appear to have died, damn it. He’d done the brave, heroic thing and now he was supposed to—
Tony as Peter's AI is a comics-inspired choice based on a storyline from the (excellent) Ironheart series.
“I could, but I won’t. In all my experience working with Steve, he only tends to cut off communication in two circumstances. The first is if he’s about to do something reckless that he knows the rest of us won’t approve of. Possible, but unlikely here given that the battle itself looks to be over. The second reason Steve does this is when he’s ashamed, and wants to avoid reporting back to me for as long as possible.”
Content Notes: In the third response, Phil muses on how the scene with Obie's removal of the arc reactor in IM1 closely resembles a form of sexual assault. (I am, of course, by no means the first person to point this out, but I still wanted to flag it as a potential trigger.) That scene also returns us a little more acutely to the fact that the team still grieves the other Tony.
There was no arguing against Community Day, something the team had long ago learned and (mostly) accepted, so they all departed for their own floors without much of a production. Someone did mutter something disparaging about ‘that damn
“We thank you for your insights, and your concern for the Princess. She is, as you have said, quite well protected, but The King will nonetheless appreciate being warned of this new potential threat. You have done well.”
“Like…well, Rhodey said that making mistakes wasn’t safe for me before, and part of that was never feeling like I was done paying. I liked that when it was over it was just—over. He didn’t still seem mad, or disappointed or anything. And it didn’t feel like he was just storing it away to use during a later fight or something.”
Contrary to popular belief, Tony usually had little problem confessing ignorance about topics that he hasn’t had the time or opportunity to learn. Sure, he usually threw in a couple of comments about how he’d probably master whatever the knowledge base was in a matter of hours, but generally that was also just kind of true. So whatever. The point was, he didn't mind saying when he didn't know something, but this was different. This was something that came as naturally to these people as breathing, something Rhodey himself had just finished saying they started practicing when they were kids. And Tony had no idea where to start.
It was probably for the best that Phil had confiscated Pepper’s super pointy heels somewhere around hour thirty-four of this whole venture. Other than that, the team had been remarkably cool about him having been holed up in one of the Tower’s conference rooms for going on three days now. Bruce had even given him permission to make it down for check-ins at whatever times were conducive to his workflow and the short breaks for sleep he and Pepper were taking. Someone also popped in every few hours to clear out the remains of takeout and dirty dishes and supply them with fresh coffee and snacks, but if they were monitoring how much of it Tony was actually eating or drinking, they didn’t comment on it at all. He loved them all the more for the ways they were proving what they’d always said: that they could and would back off when it was required.
Still half-focused on Tony, the other man finally stepped backward several paces, allowing Pepper to make her way into the penthouse proper.
) in Tony's arms, it had been as if the entirety of Peter’s unlived life had flashed in front of Tony. His high school and college graduations, his marriage, kids, scientific breakthroughs, friendly neighbourhood Spiderman-ing, Tony had seen it all in brilliant hypercolour. And while he hadn’t allowed himself to even think Peter’s name after he’d left Titan, it had been those images that had driven Tony to continue far past the point where he should have given up.
Eventually, Steve agreed and made his way to his own floor. Not because he wanted it, but because he had put the team through enough in the immediate aftermath of Tony’s loss. They didn’t need to know how broken he still was, or how he wondered if (maybe even hoped, on the worst days) his body might someday physically give out from the grief. The story they had been telling one another lately, that Bucky had even rehearsed tonight, was that Steve had been doing better lately. And if they were able to convince themselves of that, he certainly wasn’t going to be the one to correct them; they deserved all the comforting fictions he could offer.
“No Sir.” The answer came just a little bit too quickly to be sincere. Bruce’s hands paused in place. He didn't repeat himself, or acknowledge the lie, he simply waited. Tony huffed and kicked his leg out. “It’s—I expected it to be sore still. It felt like it would hurt the next day when he did it, but I don’t feel anything except a little extra sensitive or something.” Bruce’s slow touches resumed, and he made the thoughtful humming noise that Tony had always been the best at drawing out of him.
“…I don’t know,” Steve confessed, shrugging before he remembered this wasn’t a video chat and Tony wouldn’t be able to see him.
Domen had been so pleased by how the journalling had worked that she had Steve doing it regularly. Last session she’d told him to reflect a bit more on something he’d said in the first entry—the bit about how the version of Steve that had loved Tony had been his best self, and how he saw that person as distinct from who he was now. It had been a damn hard task, and he’d lost a good chunk of the notebook he was using by scribbling a few lines and then promptly tearing the page out, unable to even look at the thing. He’d wound up with something far less composed and fleshed-out than the previous entry, and he instinctively pressed the notebook tighter against himself. (It wasn’t as if she would insist on reading it, Domen had promised never to do that unless he volunteered the information, but he still felt ashamed that the signs of his struggling with the relatively minor job he'd been asked to do were everywhere.)
“I had assumed…hoped, maybe, that we could wait to address this until our mission was complete.” Talia’s arms were crossed against her chest, a show of anger and resistance entirely too familiar to Steve. But her hands, he noted, were not stiff or clenched into fists. They were gripping at her sides in the merest hint of a self-hug. (This defiance wouldn’t last long. It was already costing Talia everything she had to maintain even a semblance of her usual bravado.)
Things went a little haywire after that. Steve was, apparently, at least aware enough to take over command of the SHIELD agents onsite. He immediately demanded a communications blackout between that team and the Tower. Phil bowed his head.
“The espionage lessons? You’re damn right I’m doing it. If Nat ever found what the two of you pulled—”
“I didn’t, really. I worked a lot on just accepting that it was there, and that the fear and hurt and grief that lay behind it was real and legitimate. I put work into strengthening the bonds I already had with you all, and then eventually into building a relationship with Tony. But it took time.” Thor sighed, quiet defeat shaping the lines of his body in a way Steve had never seen even in the midst of seemingly unwinnable fights. “I promised you that if you told me what was going on I’d figure out a plan. Want to hear it?”
“Steve. STEVE. Listen to me. There’s no point in coming back, you hear me? He’s not letting anyone but Rhodey and Pepper see him.” He grunted dismissively, grabbing the few items he’d unpacked and shoving them back into his bag; if Rhodes or Pepper tried to keep Steve from his Sub—from Tony, he would remove them. Simple as that. “Steve, he’s wearing your sweater. I caught sight of him on the way to the bathroom just a couple hours ago…I don’t think he knows who it belongs to, but I’m pretty sure he’s sleeping in it just like he used to whenever you were gone.” Steve froze, his hand suddenly incapable of recalling what it needed to do to zip his duffle bag the rest of the way up. “I tell you that because nothing has changed on your end, Steve. He’s still not our Tony; he won’t take comfort in your presence, not now. And if you force your way in here and then inevitably get pissed at him for not being who and what you want, you may very well harm any chance the two of you have at getting to a place that he might seek you or us out.”
This would be a challenging chapter to redact, but if any of these areas sound like they might be triggers for you, pop me a note in the comments and we'll figure something out.
“Hush now. Patience, remember? I want to see you really work every one of these, just as good as you’ll work my cock.
“I heard back from our personal legal staff last night,” Pepper said, opening several windows on the table’s holoscreen and fanning them out. (It was such a little thing, but it would never get old for Tony how comfortable everyone in this universe was with his tech.) “As we expected, it’s complicated. Trying to prove that someone didn’t know something is way more complicated than proving that they did. And there’s of course the added wrinkle known only to us of the fact that you didn’t grow up here or in any universe with orientation, so anything Howard did or didn’t say which would have hinted at the existence of this project is going to be guesswork on our part.”
“Okay, I’m trying really hard not to jump in at the middle here, but you’re pretty damn keyed up. We’re not going to do anything intensive before we talk, but can I try a couple of things to try to get you settled?” Relieved, Tony nodded, wondering when the hell he’d become such anxious and awkward being. “Alright. Sit on the couch, middle cushion, palms down and on your knees. Good. Now take a deep, long breath in and hold it for five. Now out. Again.” Clint led them through several rounds of that, varying the breathing patterns or asking Tony to focus on different things each time. It was just intellectual enough to keep his frantically whirring mind occupied without going overboard and losing sight of what they were there for altogether. “You’re going to get a lot of choices today,” Clint said. “That won’t always be the case, but there’s a lot that we don’t know about each other yet, and I would rather give you options than push you too far too fast. So we’re going to talk some more, but the first decision you have to make is whether you’re alright with being naked for that conversation, or if you’d prefer to stay clothed for now.”
“Are you enjoying things here more now that you’re working with Phil, Tony?” Natasha inquired, something in her tone suggesting she was repeating herself. (Damn. He really needed to pay attention to the kind of remarkable fact that the rest of the team was here rather than dwelling on Cap’s absence.)
“Try me,” Tony taunted, though Steve suspected that needling covered up something kinder, something Tony seemed to realize Bucky wouldn’t accept.
“He’s not,” Peter snaps, unable to help himself. “Look, I get it. It sucks, okay? But the fact is he didn’t want to be here. He didn’t care enough to come back. Just accept it man.”
In the D/s universe, Dr. Banner and the Hulk have had more time to slowly build a relationship. They are each conscious of one another and remember their actions when in the other’s form, and Dr. Banner willingly transforms into the Hulk with some regularity. The Hulk is considered a member of the team’s relationship, hence his desire to read to Tony as a form of aftercare, for instance, However, Dr. Banner and the Hulk have not and likely will not make moves to combine into a single form or psyche.
Tony expected Barnes to follow as he always did. Instead, he glared at the departing figure of his friend and then approached Dummy, reaching a hand out to stroke one of the bot’s struts. Instead of ignoring him or running over one of his toes or something, Dummy replied with one of his happiest beeps, a trilling sound Tony had never once heard him direct at anyone other than himself.
Even with an ally on Steve’s side, trying to get Tony on his own over the course of the next several days proved nearly impossible. If he wasn’t with members of the team who would be decidedly unsympathetic to Steve’s plans, then Tony was with Pepper, planning all the finer details of the upcoming press conference and the celebration on the anniversary of the other Tony’s death. Any spare time after that was devoted to Rhodes, whose visit to the Tower would conclude immediately following the press conference. At first Steve wasn’t entirely certain the avoidance was purposeful, but when his fourth invitation for Tony to join him on his floor for a meal, or even just to sleep, was turned down, he was pretty positive.
“I think you’ll find I can, Sugar Cookie. But your trying to convince me otherwise brings us nicely back to what we need to discuss. I’ve wanted to raise this for a while, see, but I needed to go back and look at some of the footage, make sure I wasn’t imagining something.” Clint wasn’t quite jacking Tony off, the touches were too light and erratic for that, but they still made it damn near impossible to follow the thread of what he was saying. Every time he got close to settling himself down, Clint seemed to recognize it by some kind of malevolent force, and he would change the pressure or angle of his touches, reaching down to toy with Tony’s balls or trace the long vein in his cock with a finger. It was utterly maddening. “So I went back over the footage, talked to some of the others, and you know what I realized?” Tony groaned something that at least resembled a word, but Clint clicked his tongue disapprovingly. “Answer.”
Natasha was up next, and in true Black Widow fashion she had no concerns about things like honour or fairness. She attempted to come at Tony from behind, her Widow’s Bites sparking menacingly at her wrists. Without ever turning to face her, Tony sent her flying backwards into Thor with two repulsor blasts that emerged from near the shoulders of the suit.
“I love you,” he whispered. Because he couldn’t not say it, not then when she somehow knew precisely what Tony needed to hear. She smiled and leaned in to kiss his forehead.
The slightly glazed look on Peter’s face suggested that the boy probably wasn’t taking much of what Tony was even saying in. As soon as the adrenaline of not knowing if his basic needs of housing and food were going to met had vanished, the kid’s body had essentially started to shut down. This was probably for the best, Steve thought. None of what Tony was suggesting was likely to be half as easy as he was making it sound, and it was probably better that he and Peter not have to have that particular battle tonight.
After extracting no less than five promises from Tony that they would spend more time together soon, the Hulk consented with relatively good grace to giving Bruce back control of his body. Tony could easily have spent an additional few hours quizzing Bruce on all the details of how he was going about training the Hulk to share a consciousness without provoking a physical transformation, but Bruce impatiently herded him into the elevators, mumbling about Hulk having already put them behind.
“That…that might work. Don’t get in a rush about it, alright, because I still have a lotta concerns, and there’s probably no way the team lets me get out of all this without checking back in with my shrink. But it’s…I would trust Stevie to keep you safe, even from me if he had to.”
Content Notes: First response contains a brief, mild, and 100% unintentional moment of non-consensual Domination of D/s Tony by D/s Steve. (He does not know that Tony is a sub yet, and as such is unaware that exhausted post-battle Tony will feel more compelled to listen to his orders.) If this is a trigger area for you, it's probably worth skipping.
“Well, you know that instinct you have right now, to hide yourself away from the whole world because you’re toxic and dangerous as hell to be around, and the least you can do is minimize the collateral damage? You tell that voice to shut the ever-loving fuck up.” This startled a laugh out of Peter, who met Tony’s eyes for the first time since Tony had entered the room. “After that, you go to the person you don’t want to see right now. The one you’re hiding from because it’s impossible not to be honest around them, and you’re terrified to be honest with anyone right now because, well, it’s a nightmare? You go to them, and tell them everything or nothing and you stay there until you start to remember how to treat yourself like a human being again.” Tony paused, unsure about leaving it there. Then he decided that fuck it, if he was demanding that his kid be brave, the least Tony could do was make the same demand of himself. “And if by some chance you don’t know who that is right now then you stay here at the Tower with me, and we watch terrible movies in the media room and eat food that would make Steve give us disapproving stare number seven.”
While I suspect Stark’s conversation with Dr. Banner in the chapter that followed touched on some of this, I will still expand in case it is helpful. Yes, a person can certainly have periods, however brief or long, where submission does not appeal to them or is not necessary. For much of this story, the team has been in what Banner called ‘crisis mode,’ first using the submission because Stark had to ‘pass’ as his alternate-self, and then because it was the only thing they knew how to do that seemed to help keep him steady.
it, can we maybe skip to the part where you tell us if anything actually happened?” There was the dull thud of a hand colliding with clothed skin, and then Clint added a muttered, “Sorry, Steve.”
“You’re not,” Bruce assured him, clinical tone edged with just a hint of dark amusement now. “It’s a common sensation during this procedure, but your bladder isn’t actually going to release. And if it
. Here, he was neither an international criminal nor a traumatized ex-soldier who hung out in Wakanda with a pack of goats. Here, James Barnes was a trusted, beloved member of the Avengers. Which meant he had to be here somewhere (and if he was somehow wielding Thor’s hammer, Tony was getting the fuck out of this universe right damn now.)
“NO! I’m telling you he’s not—he just disappeared! He could still be alive! Get up, goddamn you, get up!” Steve didn’t speak a reply, very possibly couldn’t, but he reached up and pulled Peter down onto the ground with him, wrapping his arms so tightly around the boy’s slight frame it definitely had to be painful even with Peter’s own enhanced strength. Peter gave as good as he got though, beating his fists against Steve’s chest, kicking and biting and trying everything he could manage to escape Steve’s hold. The sight reminded Natasha so acutely of the children in her orphanage when they tantrumed that it became impossible not to remember just how young Peter really was. (Too young to have lost so much.) “He’s not. He’s not. He’s not.” Peter’s chanted protests became softer, his arms beginning to exhaust themselves. He buried his face against Steve’s dirt and blood-covered neck, weeping.
Dummy took it perhaps harder than everyone. He haunted the penthouse elevator for hours on end, and a quick look at his back-end communications between he and JARVIS revealed he was asking the AI for updates about Rogers every thirty minutes on the dot. Even a couple of weeks ago this would probably have pissed Tony off majorly (did the guy really have to steal Tony's bots, too?), but their chat in the kitchen had done a great deal to lessen what was left of Tony’s hostilities. Rogers could have used that moment to mock Tony’s complete lack of knowledge. At the very least he might have refused to touch the topic at all. Given that Tony had effectively been asking how best to get busy with the guy’s partners, he would have been well within his rights. Instead, Cap had been genuinely helpful—kind, informative and eminently practical.
Even through his slight annoyance and frustration, Steve felt a sense of deep satisfaction. The park had been one of the only places in the city Steve actually liked when he’d first woken up, and now Tony seemed to have grown attached in much the same way. He spared a longing thought for saying yes, but between the amount of reading he still had to do plus his whole plan to cut down on his time with Tony until he felt only friendly things toward the guy…it would be a terrible idea.
Pepper’s hands slid from where they had been planted on her hips down to her sides. She sighed, long and tired and exasperated, and shoved her way past Rescue to press a kiss onto the top of Tony’s head.
“We don’t know that for sure,” Bruce commented. “We haven’t done any blood work since you got here, it is possible, if unlikely, that being here is provoking some level of biological or physiological change to your system,”
“What happened?” he demanded. She paused. And Natasha…she never hesitated. Not in the field, not in her personal life. The woman considered things carefully, she sought out more intel if she felt she needed it, but she didn’t ever just not answer. He sat up, all remnants of sleep vanished by the surge of adrenaline that coursed through him. “Natasha.”
Steve had spent hours, maybe even days in total, poring over everything from battle strategies to press releases with the other Tony. Even before they had ever been anything else, they had always
Have I mentioned lately that you're fabulous readers, and that it's a highlight of my week to hear your questions, comments, favourite moments, and most fervent wishes for future events in this series?
Steve himself was still getting used to it too. He’d been skirting the edges of Dom-dep for the better part of a year, going into shallow versions of headspace just enough to keep himself steady and get the team off his back. He’d forgotten what it was like to just linger in headspace this way, with no purpose or goal beyond shared pleasure and companionship. (And Dr. Domen assured him that the guilt he felt anytime he felt good would slowly start to ebb, too. This one was harder to believe, but the woman had earned at least a bit of his trust by this point.)
With a feeling akin to a rush of ice cold water down his spine, Steve realized that maybe none of that would be true of the man in the other room. This wasn’t his Tony, and he had no right to stand here, hearing this. He wouldn’t have the right until he was sure it was the current and not the former occupant of that room he wanted to kiss and hold and make love to. (And, of course, until he was sure this version of Tony wanted him, too, which might never come to pass even if Steve’s grief eventually stopped feeling so acute.) He took a long, steadying breath, and allowed himself to press his palm against the closed door for just a couple of seconds, long enough to feel the wood begin to heat beneath his fingers.
Tony’s own body was the polar opposite of hers in practically every way. Every bit of Nat’s unending stamina and poise and control felt like they had been drawn from Tony himself, who was emptied of everything but desperation—desperation so powerful that he feared and revered it in equal measures. Every part of him had been undone and re-written by Natasha. His ass, likely still a dusty-pink from the ‘warm up’ she had given him with the flogger to start them off, stung every time he rubbed it against the sheets. His lips were swollen from Natasha’s kisses, which felt just as penetrating as the most intense fuckings he had ever received. And his cock…god, it felt like he’d been hard for hours at this point. Natasha had warned him that some people could still come wearing cock rings, but Tony did not appear to be one of them, because he definitely would have orgasmed at least once by now without its restrictive pressure around his cock and balls. His thighs had been trembling for so long now they ached with it, another horrible pleasurepainpleasure that swallowed Tony whole.
Bruce’s lab, he discovered once he finally did manage to force his body out of bed and into the bowels of the Tower, exhibits even more signs of change than Tony’s own workshop had. The most obvious is the entire wing that’s devoted to medical treatment, including what looked like a souped up hospital bed, a portable X-ray, and a wall of meticulously organized paraphernalia for treating everything from chemical burns to major lacerations. Tony picked up a bottle of unnaturally green goo labelled ‘Xenmu Saliva’ in Bruce’s neat scrawl and arched an eyebrow.
“Natasha and I think he’s hiding something,” Steve announced baldly, too tired and too frightened to dissemble. Pepper put her fancy coffee down on the table and sighed. She did not, Steve noted, appear entirely surprised. “I think I can get him to talk if I’m alone with him, but the problem is I think he knows that too and he’s avoiding me.”
“Cap has done far worse than yell at me, Frosty, don’t worry about it.” Barnes still seemed skeptical, even downright worried. But after an evaluative look that lingered too long on Tony’s shaking left hand, he placed the bag Steve had shoved at him carefully in Dummy’s claw.
“I mean, I’ve learned never to speak in absolutes, so maybe, sure. Anything’s possible given the right context. But this, Masdee…it’s so
For the first time in weeks, the words Tony had found in his Dad’s old journals came back to his mind: his description of throwing the SHIELD over the cliff, knowing in that moment that he was sacrificing Steve to give life to a future child. Tony had done nothing but disappoint him after that, never able to measure up to what Howard had thrown away. Could he really pick up the shield now, even metaphorically, and ever hope to offer anything but more regret?
know you,” Steve retorted, voice harsh and thick with emotion. “You like almond milk but hate cashew milk because you insist it’s too sweet. Your left hand trembles sometimes, when you’re tired or thinking too hard about the other world, your other team. It always makes you smile to watch the news in the morning, even when the story is something pointless-especially when it's pointless, actually. Somewhere along the line I think you faced starvation, real, actual starvation, because I’ve seen kids with little or no food. I’ve watched how carefully they guard it and how hard it can be for them to share even years after, and you do the same thing sometimes. You resigned yourself to losing your life to save a world that fundamentally didn’t deserve you, and some days it makes you so angry to see how easily it could have gone differently that you can barely look at any of us without clenching your fists. Should I continue?”
“But that fight was in Germany, wasn’t it? The thing at the airport hanger? May just let you go down there?”
“Just some insurance to help you stay good, sweetheart,” he soothed as Tony shifted uneasily, unsure what he’d done wrong. “I want you to be allowed to come, and I’m not certain you have enough self-control just now to avoid touching yourself.”
I'm back from a short holiday-related break, and I hope you all got a chance to do some relaxing as well. Thank you so much as always for your comments and kudos! They always mean the world to me. I'm still on the hell-site that is Tumblr for now, so you can still submit #AskStrange questions there, or here on A03, if you're interested.
None of this, however, had been enough to convince Tony to intervene. (At least not directly; one way or another, he was going to make sure money became way less of a concern for the Parkers.) That had taken the last and most recent document Natasha had managed to find: paperwork Peter had obtained and partially filled out to have himself declared an emancipated minor. He hadn’t filed it anywhere yet, which meant Nat had probably done something pretty questionable to access it on his computer, but it had been the final piece of data Tony had needed to understand the magnitude of what was happening. In this world, May had never found out that Peter was Spiderman, nor had the kid’s best friend, Ned. As a result, both of those relationships had suffered; Doctor Tesfaye reported overhearing the end of a screaming match between May and Peter the night prior regarding his most recent injuries. Natasha’s snooping on Peter’s social media profiles, meanwhile, revealed that he had unfriended Ned on all major platforms six months ago, and his school records reflected an increasing degree of isolation and a corresponding drop in grades. And now, already more alone than he had ever been, Peter was working to legally break all bonds between himself and his aunt, presumably to prevent May from being responsible for paying any more of his hospital bills.
“Hey,” he said, leaning his head against the window of the bus and closing his eyes, “how was your lecture?”
“Okay, so now we have that argument settled,” Tony said five minutes later, flopping down over Steve’s body and then crossing his arms over Steve’s chest, “I’m gonna have to remind you that Barnes and Peggy are ‘round at your place as we speak, waiting for your arrival. I don’t want them to storm my house with pitchforks and torches, so I’m afraid you are actually getting kicked out.”
Bruce had also gotten a suspension. Nat, Clint and Sam were all in detention for the next few weeks.
Steve checked for noises out in the corridor for a few minutes, and then, when he was certain there was nothing, he crawled back out from under the bed. His nose was itching terribly, and he knew that he would not be able to stop the sneeze that came a few seconds later. He tried to contain it as much as possible, but the dust didn’t help at all, and he ended up spraying blood all over Tony’s floor. To say it hurt was an understatement- in fact, the pain was so intense for a moment that his vision whited out, and he sagged against the bed as tears sprung to his eyes. Nose injuries always made his eyes water like a bitch.
Tony and Steve watching stars on the roof of the tower because the power is out all over NY from a battle??
Steve tried to broach the subject of what had happened a few times, if only to clear the stifling weight in the room between them, but Tony never wanted to talk about it, and Steve refused to push him. So instead, they sat, and Tony just rambled, and Steve just tried his best to smile. They hadn’t touched one another since Steve had arrived in the hospital, and Steve felt cold down to his very bones. Most days, there was at least one Avenger in the room with him too. Steve had learned their rota: Natasha, Clint, Thor, Bruce. They came in and pretended as if everything was normal, but Steve didn’t fail to notice the way Natasha watched his hands. The way Thor tensed up every time Steve stood up.
The blond head ducked out of the door before Tony could catch it, but he refused to be deterred. Leaping onto one of the dining tables, he shouted off hurried apologies to the general area beneath him as he ran over the expensive tablecloth and pristine food, before dropping off at the end and then running to the door, the crowds having finally thinned out by that point. “Steve!”
Thor, the magnificent man that he was, had indeed prepped the coffee machine for him, and Tony sighed with satisfaction when the cup touched his lips. Nothing better than three shots of espresso at four in the morning, and that was just a fact. While he sipped, he distantly heard the sounds of the TV behind him, and once he had gotten half-way through the cup, he turned to glance into the living room.
“Whoever is poking my ass, I am touched at your interest, but really not looking for anything like that right now,” Clint declared suddenly, right in the middle of a particularly tense moment of Oceans Eleven.
Steve slotted himself in the path to Tony and glared at his idiot of a best friend in fury. Behind him, he could hear Tony’s footsteps slow down too, until they reached a complete standstill less than a meter from Steve.
Well. He had obviously been in a hurry to get back down to the basement, because he was holding his fucking shirt in his hands and leaving his bare midsection right on display. Steve genuinely didn't think it was purposeful- he was only wearing one sock, too, and his belt was hanging unclipped around his waist. He'd probably just been rushing.
Seeing the confusion on his face, the man sighed, resting his elbows on his knees and looking at the floor. “Just hear me out here, okay? You’ve been asleep for a while, so I’ve had some time to think about all this. About nine hours, actually.” He smiled for a second, but it didn’t last, replaced immediately after with that strained look. Steve wondered how long he’d been sitting there, just waiting for him to wake up.
Guess he didn’t really have a choice any more. It was done. All that strength, all that barely contained rage that he carried with him… he’d succumbed to it. And whether it was because of that God-forsaken alien frequency or not, at the end of the day, his hands had hurt Tony. His mouth had spat poison at him. His mind had almost killed him.
And he knew that it must have hurt Tony a lot, because he’d… he’d talked about Siberia. Thrown that at Steve like poison, knowing it was the one way to shut him up. Pretty effective, really. There was nothing Steve could respond to that with. Tony was right. No matter how Steve wanted to try and spin it, Tony was-
The voice. He felt calmer, he felt his muscles relax, but he wasn’t sure why. It was a good voice. Strong, deep, soft, kind.
Today was the fifth day of Peter coming home to see only one of his parents in the kitchen, where there should usually be two. They tended to hang around, waiting for him in order to ambush him and ask questions about his day. Their latest fad was
to be done, for the sake of science, for progress. Supersoldiers haven’t been seen outside of Steve Rogers in the last hundred years, and AIM having control over one, possibly even an army of them—would be revolutionary. I know this. I need to… remember this.”
His cheeks were wet, hands pressed tightly into his eyes as he curled into a ball and shook. He felt cold. In his bones, in his soul- Bucky was talking to him, Bucky was pinning him, but he was saying things that didn’t make sense; Tony was gone. Tony had fallen.
Tony slapped him away weakly, pointing to the machine. “But Steve. Steeeeve. It… it hasn’t stopped moving yet. I wanna watch it stop.”
take a break,” the other man said, voice low and vibrating along the skin of Tony’s fingers. “We don’t have to go to Ohio for a week. But just… let me know, okay? Maybe Pepper too, ask if you can take a breather. Promise me?”
“By all means, demonstrate,” he responded, ducking his head and then nudging Tony back until he was able to be kissed, slow and deep. Tony was smiling against his mouth as he pushed them backward until Steve hit the table behind them, and the grin was still on his face as he sank to his knees on the kitchen floor.
“Actually, I went and smashed his fucking face into a wall,” Steve corrected him bluntly, “not much talking went on.”
Steve nodded, feeling the tiny shift that signified they had come to a stop. “Thank you,” he told JARVIS politely.
“Let’s look at what we know,” Natasha began calmly, resting her hands flat against the table and eyeing them all. “48 hours ago, someone, most likely this woman, dropped Peter on our door. We don’t know why, or how she’s related to him. This morning, we find out that he’s enhanced, and also that she’s dead. A targeted hit.” She took in a breath, shutting her eyes for a moment. “So, we can infer that either this woman already knew she was being hunted, and left him with us before Peter could get caught in the crossfire, or she was hunted
But he couldn’t. He needed to fight it. He couldn’t fall asleep, couldn’t let himself… he didn’t want to see what they had to show him-
Some dreams felt real. But whatever it was he'd just seen in his sleep was no dream. It had been... something else. An insight into another, far more tragic reality. He just knew it, down to his very bones. Every element had panned out in vivid detail, although already the specifics were fading from him like smoke in the wind. Steve was ultimately glad of that. It was a could-be world that he’d rather stayed forgotten, lost, just as his alternate self had intended. He found his mind settling on Elliot Redford, and for the first time since laying eyes on him, Steve felt something for the man that wasn’t just pure hatred. After all— it appeared the grief had driven Steve mad, too.
Slowly, Tony made his way through each cut and bruise on his midsection, pressing icepacks into the worse ones and then just frowning unhappily at the lesser, like his disapproval alone would make them go away. When it came to the broken rib, Steve thought he would just leave it, but Tony fixed it up like every other injury; wrapping a bandage around the area until it was strapped across his chest and setting the rib in place.
“Really?” Tony whispered, beginning to smile at Steve’s affirmation, “I mean, we really don’t have to if you don’t want-“
Steve turned away and walked off, and he knew Clint was staring at his turned back in despair, and all he could think was
“I am so sorry,” Tony whispered, stumbling forward. Steve half-opened his arms, but Tony froze up a few steps away from him and then scrambled back again, like a skittish animal. “Steve, Jesus Christ, I… I don’t…what did- is it-“
“I’ll need two minutes, max!” Tony called, before yanking open the door and quickly dealing with the pilot sat in his spot.
“You have 24 hours to hold that over my head before I declare it null. You can’t use it against me for the rest of my damn life.”
“It’s okay,” Steve said, voice calm and gentle as he pulled Tony’s head into his neck and wrapped his strong arms around Tony’s shoulders, embracing both Tony and Peter in a hug. “it’s over now. Peter’s here. He’s not going to be hurt like that again. We won’t let them.”
you that?” He asked, horrified, “oh Jesus, see, this is why I’d be the worst housewife ever. I am so sorry. That is
and then slammed up to his room to wait it out. And, of course, Pops had hobbled up eventually; sitting on the bed with him and assuring him he was okay, he was tough as nails, and he would always,
“…but if you don’t want… sorry, I shouldn’t have just—I jumped in with that,” Tony’s words stumbled over themselves in their haste, and Steve realised that his own gutted expression must have given Tony the wrong idea, “I know it’s… you don’t feel that way, which is fine, I can… I can pull some strings, get you a new passport. You don’t have to stay—”
Tony’s face fell, and he slumped back in the seat of the car. “I’m gonna skin you, Barton,” he snapped, “maybe fucking lead with that next time, asshole, I thought something bad had happened.”
There was a long, heavy silence, wherein Tony simply stared at him, jaw clenched tight. He didn’t say anything for a long while, and for a moment Steve wondered whether Tony even believed him. But then he just breathed out, turning away and running a hand through his hair. “Well,” Tony muttered, “guess that clears a few things up.”
Tony spun, hands up to fire at them, but then Clint raised his bow and fired a shot off somewhere behind him, and Tony had to turn once more, spotting the next man who came around. This was the fire guy, by the looks of his glowing skin. Tony blocked his path.
Steve felt warm at the sight of it all, and he smiled when Jane passed him and randomly tossed a packet of chips in his direction. There were about 20 packs stacked in her hands- Steve guessed she had been Thor’s helper in the delivery of the snacks.
"I didn't know you liked science," Steve said, surprised, "you do science club? Is that how you met Peter?"
Natasha smiled like a shark, and Steve had a sudden sixth sense that something mortifying was about to occur as she bounced lightly on the balls of her feet.
Steve’s smile flickered and became a little strained, but his back straightened and he took Tony’s hand all the same, firm and unwavering. Steve was a supporting strut—without him, some days, Tony knew he’d just collapse.
Steve was already up and running once more, racing over to the little hut about twenty paces away from where Rhodey and Nat had gone down. It was a tiny thing, and the one single window at the left of the door had been blown in. Steve scrambled for the metal handle and lifted his gun. If there was a single HYDRA logo in the room, Steve was going to riddle it with lead.
He tapped his fingers nervously against the table. This was so fucking stupid. He was being so fucking stupid.
“Hey, I’m not an Angsty Teen!” Peter yelled, but it was muffled as Pops decided to initiate a group hug as he pulled both Peter and Dad into his arms.
He and Sam waited impatiently in the living room for a few minutes; Steve glancing up at the door every other second to check. Sam poked him in the shoulder and told him not to worry.
Even though a part of him knew it wasn’t going to be enough. Even though he knew he was too far away.
“Steve, stop it, I thought we needed to h-h-hurry!” Tony wheezed, as Steve dug into his ribs and tickled, mouth moving across Tony’s face and strategically, covering every area he could find.
He told himself to take a breath in, and glanced back down to the steep drop again. At his hands, curled so tightly around the railings that he’d imprinted his fingers onto them without even realising. He jerked wildly and pulled them away, stepping back in despair. He couldn’t even fucking help it, it was so intrinsic in his nature he didn’t even goddamn... he just broke the things he touched, all the fucking time. And Tony… Tony was so much more fragile than he ever let on. So much more easy to shatter.
"Well then, Steve Rogers, you don't know half as much about me as you think you do, then," Tony stuffed his hands in his pockets and leaned back against the lockers, turning his head sideways to look at Steve through red-rimmed eyes. Steve hated how he could still look so good, despite his obvious lack of sleep and schoolyard drug abuse. It was just unfair.
And it felt stupid just to entertain it—Loki was a liar by birth and a cheat by nature, he’d do anything to get out of a fix, but… “I think I do. Yeah. I just have no idea what to do about it.”
Steve manoeuvred them over to the bed in the other room and then gently settled Tony onto his side, crawling on top of him and planting a small litter of kisses across his face. It had to be getting close to three in the morning, and Tony was struggling to even keep his eyes open by that point, but hey, if Steve was feeling frisky, Tony was going to give as good as he got. With a half-smile and a small roll of his hips, he pressed his hand against Steve’s chest and slipped his fingers through the buttons of the man’s Henley. Although Steve smiled into the kiss, he ended up pulling away a second or so later. “Don’t tempt me,” he murmured, “we should both be sleeping.”
. In a way, it had felt like their relationship was the foundation of this entire universe. At least to Steve it was anyway. Because without him, look what had fucking happened. Look how hard Steve had fallen.
There was the sound of a door opening outside of the pillow fort, and Steve sat up suddenly, but Tony just shook his head. “Loki,” he murmured, shooting Thor a look. “Bet he’s gonna find this very-“
Eventually, the boy’s attention was pulled elsewhere, when three other boys wandered up to him and began their greetings. Steve blinked a few times, looking back down at the floor and taking a tentative step over toward the steps again.
And that was that. Argument over. A little uncharacteristic of Steve, admittedly- Tony loved him to death, but if the man got himself worked up over something, he tended to stew on it. However Tony wasn’t exactly complaining; as soon as they’d gotten into bed, Steve rolled closer to Tony and then licked the champagne out of his mouth, made love to him fast and rough, moaning Tony’s name as he came in the most beautiful way possible. The next morning, Tony woke up with Steve’s arms wrapped around his midsection and his nose buried into the back of Tony’s neck, and it was all perfect and fine. Steve didn’t bring the argument up again, although Tony quietly made sure to get JARVIS to inform Steve if ever he was going to be running late for things. If it’d make Steve happy, he didn’t mind.
Okay. So Steve just had to get in his head first, right? Beat him at his own game. Didn’t matter how wrong that felt- this was his job. This was what he was here for.
But Bucky shook his head. “Nah,” he said, “that’s just the person she pretends to be to everyone else. Makes her seem less vulnerable, I guess. She spends money on nice jeans and makes sure her place looks nice so that you think she’s doing fine, but I’ve seen her take a pair of scissors and cut her hair by herself ‘cuz she can’t afford to get it done properly.” He shrugged, before grinning again, “I think our Christmas is just gonna be spent with a bottle of whiskey and some shitty horror movies. And you know what? I’m absolutely okay with that.” His face softened even further as he looked down at the floor and kicked an invisible piece of dirt. “It’s…it’s
DUM-E rolled back and forth on the spot slightly, turning himself in order to lean down and grab Tony’s water bottle from the desk, where he then pushed it clumsily into Tony’s chest. Tony took it with a fond roll of his eyes. “I appreciate the concern, but staying hydrated isn’t the issue here.”
He smiled in disbelief, tilting his head to press a kiss into the centre of Tony’s new palm. It wasn’t warm, and that was a little strange. But it was nothing that Steve couldn’t handle. “It feels like you,” he declared, and then pulled Tony into the tightest of hugs, happy to just stand there in the workshop and hold Tony close.
“Fine- we don’t have to go to hospital,” he said eventually, and Steve smiled in relief- “but I’m taking you to my place. It’s quicker for me to get home than it would be to try and go through rush-hour traffic and back to Wilson’s.”
Silent tears slipped down his cheeks, and he kept his eyes fixed to the ground as he shook his head.
“Guys, guys- you’re not gonna believe what I managed to get hold of!” Clint burst into the quiet living room, where Steve had only just drifted off on Tony’s shoulder.
That threw Steve for a loop. He checked the clock, and then raised his eyebrows in surprise. Wow. He’d been doodling for a longer time than he’d thought.
Steve shoved the thought violently from his mind, concentrating instead on just getting to sleep, allowing himself to rest and calm down before trying to talk to Tony about it all again. They would be fine. They’d had worse blow-ups than that, said crueller things to eachother. No one had ever tried to imply they were perfect, because it was clear to absolutely everyone that they weren’t- not by a long shot. They had issues piled up higher than the ceiling and a history that was as convoluted as you could imagine, but they got through it every time something came up. They were resilient fucks like that. It’d be okay.
When he broke away, Tony looked slightly dazed, before he blinked and then looked back around to the others. “Pineapple on pizza is man’s greatest sin,” he said with a shrug, “sorry guys.”
Before Steve could even pull it off, Tony snatched it from Steve and spoke into it quickly. His face was like thunder.
The man was stood there, seemingly gaping aimlessly in front of him. It was obvious that their attacker was aiming for him now; Steve could see it in the aim and trajectory, and the gun had definitely fired. His heart plummeted. “TONY!” He screamed, wrenching himself forward and sprinting toward his lover in terror. Every other thought slipped instantly from his mind, focuses solely on this one thing. If Tony had been hit in the chest, he could—
The room fell into silence as all eyes turned on the small boy. Peter, feeling the attention shift toward him with a focused intensity, reared back a little into Tony’s shoulder and curled fingers around the fabric of his shirt nervously.
Sometimes he looked back a few months, and realised quite how far he’d come since then. It was… it was good. To think about the progress. His mom would be happy with that, he knew. She’d always wanted him to make more friends, and, well, here he was now, surrounded by them.
she’d said in her dumb soft voice, looking at him gently as she’d written something else down on her notepad.
Before Bucky could retaliate, he ducked around him and made his way back into the living room where Tony and Sam were waiting, wandering into the room and catching Tony on the tail-end of what appeared to be a pretty in-depth explanation.
Imagine Tony asking JARVIS where Steve is one afternoon, and he replies that he’s in the art studio Tony designed for him when they first moved in together. Tony’s just arrived back from a business meeting and hasn’t seen Steve in like, at least four days, which is pretty much illegal and just inherently wrong- so he makes his way up to the studio in order to fix that.
Immediately, the smile slipped off Tony’s face and a hand went automatically to his cheek. The look in his eyes was blank. “You should see the other guy,” he muttered, although  it sounded like he was just running the words on autopilot.
“Yeah, but I think you’d like a friend down here,” Steve sat back down next to him again, “just so you don’t have to spend all your time talking to yourself, y’know?”
trying,” he insisted. “I mean, not at first because I was pissed and Natasha hadn’t given me any warning and—anyway. I wasn’t trying before but I have been for the past coupla times. I do want to try to get better, to make it so that I can least be around…him. I just don’t think I can.” Steve could count the number of times he had willingly given up on something on one hand, so the admission cost him. He really didn’t want to fail at this. He definitely didn’t want to have to go back down to the team and tell them, what, that they’re going to have to figure out some kind of time share where the new Tony gets the team part of the time and Steve gets them the rest? As if they’ve been through some kind horribly messy divorce and can no longer stand to be in the same room as one another?
Steve wasn’t sure what to do with that information. It was weird, to think of himself having that much of an impact on people, really. In his own eyes, he just wasn’t… important enough for that. He wasn’t a big character, he wasn’t hilarious or rich or even particularly interesting- all he was was stubborn and loyal and opinionated to the point where it tended to get him into more arguments than most people were comfortable with.
He didn’t really feel like himself. He felt like the autopilot version, coded to respond in the ways that he should. It was a familiar sensation. He knew it would pass.
His desktop whirred to life, and he looked at it blankly for a second as a billion thoughts exploded in his mind. Then he pressed his fingers lightly over the keyboard and tapped a few buttons, opening up the source code editor in his taskbar. It was his own design, and he’d been playing with computer programs since before he could talk, so he knew what he had planned shouldn’t take too long. It would have probably been sped up a little bit if he’d stopped checking his phone for any sign of a response every two minutes, but you couldn’t have everything.
Bucky was silent. When Steve glanced over, he saw the pale, guilty face looking back at him. Bucky obviously felt like shit about this whole thing.
Steve sighed, stepping over a pile of plastic rods which looked as if they had no place in a teenage boy’s room, and then made his way carefully over to his ridiculous boyfriend. “You’re ridiculous,” he said, just for good measure, pressing a finger into Tony’s chest and then scooping up a splat of purple just over his heart. “Why did you even decide to make paint? You’re an engineer. Would’a thought you’d have just built another robot or something.”
He breathed out and smiled, happy and sad at the same time. “Let’s go,” he agreed, hoisting up his bag and then starting to walk again- this time accompanied by a 6-foot wall of silent support.
“You’re a fucking robot,” Steve responded, and he tried to keep his voice level, he truly did, but the low bubble of rage seeped out anyway, “your job is to follow orders.”
He turned his head, instead sparing a look over to the little boy on the other side of the couch. He was staring out of the window with wide eyes and an open mouth, chubby little hands outstretched and occasionally making aborted grabbing motions. Tony realised he must be looking at the rain as it dropped down to the ground below.
He shrugged, taking Steve’s wrist and curling his fingers around it. The count restarted in his head, a subconscious action. 1, 2, 3, 4— “you know how it is,” he explained nonchalantly.
It was time they sorted this. It had reached the limit, and none of the team could handle it any more.
“Don’t fight it, Bruce,” Thor said, “this may be a battle you cannot win.” There was the sound of sighing, but then the door creaked again and when Steve glanced up, the room was empty once more, their friends having swiftly left Steve and Tony to have some alone time.
When Clint looked a little sheepish, Steve looked at him blankly. “You put him through on the comm, didn’t you,” he said with pursed lips.
, and it’s making me begin to regret my decisions. Is the sex really worth the disgusting upbeat attitude next morning?”
He knew that other people did. That they idolised him for it; Captain America, the man that not even time could take. And to some extent, they had a point. It seemed whatever Steve did, he bounced back from it with practised ease, walked it off, got back to his feet again with a nod and a tight smile. Reporters would ask him about the injuries he’d sustained, and he’d just shrug and tell them it was simply all part of the job. Everyone admired him for that. Tony heard people say there was Vibranium in his bones, that project rebirth had made him immortal as opposed to enhanced.
“I think she worries just the right amount,” Steve looked over to him, settling his hand firmly against Tony’s thigh, “I’m very glad she called. Don’t like the thought of you being alone when all this is going on.”
He looked at the back of Tony’s head and sighed deeply. He felt like he was always goddamn sighing, these days. Everything was just so complicated- what had happened to the days when the biggest problem Steve had had to deal with was a missing crayon or getting a scraped knee? They were the good times. He wished he was a five-year-old. Those fucks had it easy, they didn't have to worry about public image or how to make someone fall in love with you. They just ate stuff and got dirty.
Steve... Steve was good as well. In his own sincere, honest sort of way. He always got down to their level, talked to them with his wholesome smile and told them to always try to be a hero in the everyday, because that was where the real battles were won. The kids adored him. He was very gentle with them.
Steve huffed again as Tony swept past him, stopping to press a kiss into his cheek before running off with another laugh. Steve couldn’t even find it in himself to remain sulky- too giddy from the thrill of everything. Of having Tony kiss him and put his hands in his hair and run his teeth along his throat- of having Tony there, right in front of him, for no one
“Tony, don’t even bother,” Steve told him simply, pulling Tony along with him as Bucky got up and then ran upstairs to his wardrobe, “you’re staying with me, okay? You said the meeting didn’t go that well, and honestly, as a general rule I’d rather eat my own shoes than have you live with Howard Stark, but tonight that desire has been cranked up a notch or two.” He paused, two stairs above Tony so that they were at an even height. “Please?” He asked, putting on his softest puppy eyes, “just for me?”
was the one being ridiculous. “I can’t do that,” Steve said incredulously, “you can’t… you can’t want me in your home after everyth—”
“I’m sorry,” and Steve blinked, realizing that it had been a while since either of them had spoken, “I’m sorry the world was so unkind to you, Steve. You… you never deserved that. Not… not you, you never…”
Steve’s cheeks were crimson as he let Tony tug him forward, standing up and then shuffling awkwardly onto the bed. “We might break it,” he warned, but lay down by Tony’s side all the same, fingers stroking lightly through Tony’s hair and pushing it off his face.
Really, it was. They were between classes, just passing by one another. Usually they’d just grin at eachother- occasionally Tony would turn around and walk with him, just to pass the time so he could show up late to his own class.
Bucky was just looking at him with a mixture of anger and despair. Steve wanted to punch it right off his stupid face. He wished he didn’t care so goddamned much about the bastard- it would be a hell of a let easier to actually go through with it, then.
-mistake you made during our time together was handing me in at the end of it all. So well done. You’ve got a success rate of about 1 in 1000.”  Tony was just sneering at him now, that typical Tony Stark Bluntness that could cut a man down from a mile away- except his eyes told the real story. They always had. Every fight they’d ever fought, every time Tony had tried to bullshit Steve with feigned nonchalance, it had never worked. Not then and not now either.
“Thanks Brucie,” he said, because it was only Bruce who knew how to make coffee just right- everyone else had yet to learn the art.
“See if I ever ride with you again, punk!” He yelled, shuffling forward and slamming the door as Steve waved him off with a grin. People had turned to face him curiously, but he didn’t really care. The last thing that mattered right then was what they thought of him.
It was a particularly cold January day, and Steve’s fingers were a little shaky as he pulled the pencil out from behind his ear. The man was already fully engrossed in his routine; a sequence he had been practising religiously for weeks by that point. It was fast and energetic and truly magnificent to watch, and Steve had probably captured each and every pose by that point.
Unable to go back now, Tony merely pushed on. “It’s in the early stages, obviously,” he said quickly, waving a hand as he leaned over his desk and neatened up his piles of notes, “I’m gonna need to arrange a few interviews, source material, do some plugging and the like, but I think it’s gonna work. I think I could make this at least a somewhat well-known resource, and, I just thought… you know, I have the privilege that comes with being who I am, so I might as well do something with it?” Tony spared a glance at Steve, but got nothing. His spirits were starting to sink a little. “Is this… too much?” He asked tentatively, “Am I overstepping? I don’t want—I just thought I could—”
Steve sighed, hands curling around the rim of the crib and shoulders hunching inward. He stared intently down at Peter and worried his bottom lip with his teeth. “I still feel like I might break him at any given moment,” he admitted, voice nothing over a murmur, “but now— now I’m kinda glad I’m so strong. All I want to fuckin’ do is find out who hurt this kid and just—”
“No, it Goddamn isn’t,” Steve answered, “but we’re going to fix it. And I swear, if you pull a stunt like that again, I will punch you in the fucking teeth.“
“S’true,” his friend said from across the room, not taking his eyes off the TV, “I figure he was just born with double the amount’a blood, and he has to find ways to get rid of some of it or he’ll die.”
“Oh fine, here-“ Steve rolled his eyes and shoved him playfully, pulling out his phone from his pocket and then chucking it at Tony. The boy caught it quickly and beamed, before dropping it into the inside of his jacket.
So he was now stood outside the gates with what he was pretty certain was a bruised rib, a cut cheek and a few other surface wounds courtesy of Natasha down at the gym earlier that day. He hadn’t been certain Tony would let him unless there were extenuating circumstances. Saying someone had just tried to kill him after working out he’d been digging around in Military files might do the trick though, hence the bruises. SHIELD had offered to fabricate them with makeup, but he’d declined in favour of the real thing. More realistic.
“I know. But someone’s gotta set an good impression on this team,” Steve grinned tiredly back at him, before turning out of the door and moving to his room to start on the report.
He frowned, his sleep-addled mind not quite processing the connotations of those footsteps for another second or two. When he did, however, relaxation and peace suddenly felt a million miles away, and he wrenched his eyes open in horror, sitting up ramrod straight on the bed and then grabbing Tony’s shoulder, shaking him sharply. He could feel his heart start to leap in his throat, faster and faster as the sound got closer.
“Can’t know for sure, he disconnected it from my system while he was upgrading it,” the AI responded immediately, “but I’m accessing it as we speak and I’ll show you as soon as I reach it.”
“Sorry about the coffee,” he parted with sweetly, before turning around without another look back, headed for the vending machines in the corner of the room. He let himself give Ty a little wave and then smiled in grim satisfaction.
Tony smiled tightly at Ty as he passed, and then when Sunset curled her arm around Tony’s and jerked her head, Steve just watched Tony hesitate for a moment and then lett her lead him off with the rest of them. He looked back at Steve as he went, a slightly nervous smile on his face as he mouthed ‘sorry’ and then shook his head. “I’ll see you later Steve, yeah?”
Unfortunately, though, it seemed nothing was getting through the barrier. At this point, military aid had come through and tanks were rolling up the roads, firing off missiles that just bounced right of the thing. Then, of course, seeing as Iron Man was there too, they started firing shit at him. Never let it be said that the military didn’t utilise their chance to blow up as many targets as they could, regardless whether one of them was pretty much the only thing keeping the robot contained.
“Tony.” A pressure settled on each of his shoulders as Steve grasped him and tugged him a little closer in. The anger had morphed, turned into concern. Steve was worried. “What’s going on, huh? Talk to me. Tell me what you’re thinking.”
The chatter around them masked Steve’s hum of confusion, but he wondered all the same why Tony bothered going at all if he waited for an excuse to come along every time. “Well, happy to help, I guess. Tell Thor I said thanks too. He’s a good guy to have in your corner.”
Tony couldn’t help it- the endearment was old and corny, and every time Steve said it he smiled. Maybe Steve knew that, and maybe that’s why Steve did it. Either way, Tony found his mouth twitching in amusement, and he giggled shakily, swallowing the lump in his throat and consciously making the effort to unclench his hands, relax himself a little.
Steve was stood at the counter, stubbornly refusing to turn and look at any of them. Tony could hear his breathing. “Uh, Steve, hey- just take a breather, okay Cl-”
Stood at the end of the corridor, he was holding two rolls of blue paper in his left hand and his bag in the other- which he let fall to the floor when his eyes fixed on Zeke. His gaze was like ice.
Steve wanted to ask, but he knew that that would be pushing too fast too soon. He wasn’t an idiot. He needed to do this slowly. The important thing here was that Tony believed Steve was on his side—was morally aligned in the same way. And that Steve was still willing to trust him, too, was going to be important. So, defying all the voices of reason in his head that told him not to, he reached out and grabbed Tony’s hand, holding tight. “I need to stop them,” he breathed, looking up at Tony desperately. “I can’t let this happen. I have to… God, someone has to do
.” He stood jerkily, looking away and turning to the door. “We could—I could go to the police, tell them, or maybe I could go back myself, see what I can—”
“I’m fine,” he said with a nod, and then Steve smiled as he leaned in and kissed him, not taking long before it grew hot and hungry, deepening for more. Tony knew where the direction of those sorts of kisses led immediately- but Steve had been feeling pretty... enthusiastic about sex over the past week or two, and what with the way the night had gone, Tony was just too tired. He kissed back as good as he got for a little, but when Steve reached down and pressed his hand against Tony’s crotch, Tony shook his head.
Tony just paused, eyes locking back in on the growing purple mark on the left side of Steve’s nose. His face fell, the memories obviously coming back to him. Steve braced himself for the inevitable deluge of apologies but, at the sight of Steve’s face, Tony seemed to think better of it. Instead, he just traced the mark gently with his finger. “How does it feel?” He asked, guilt evident in his eyes.
Steve just looked up, mouth pursed into a painfully thin line. He wanted to hit something, but the thought just horrified him now. It wasn’t a release that would give him any pleasure at all. He felt like if he punched anything ever again, he would think of this. Of Tony, in his hospital bed, black and blue and branded by Steve’s hands.
He glared at her, but she just shrugged and grinned. Steve got the feeling this felt like nothing more than a game to that woman. For someone as deadly as her though, he supposed it was. She’d certainly faced off with worse before.
They’d be fine. It would work. They just wouldn’t be particularly…smooth. But as long as they came out of it alive, Steve could live with that.
“Hey,” Sam called, “you can sit there and look pretty and run through the last question with me at the same time, right?”
There was nothing physical on his face- of course there wouldn’t be, Steve had been engineered to into perfection- so there was no deep purple bruising under his eyelashes or bloodshot redness to his eyes.
He didn’t quite manage to avoid Tony’s eye, though. Drawn like a magnet, he did it all the fucking time- couldn’t help himself even if he wanted to. His gaze locked into Tony’s, just for a moment, and when Tony registered him, he smiled just that little bit brighter. Waved slowly. He looked… not blissed out exactly, but something close. Unbothered by the world, maybe. Steve could only think about how horribly vulnerable Tony must be, whenever he was like that.
Tony stood there for a long time, before finally pulling himself together and taking Steve’s advice, stumbling up to their bedroom and silently removing his suit from the night. After that, he showered, then methodically brushed his teeth and slipped into bed. He didn’t look at the mirror as he went. Guilt and shame curled up in his gut, sat there like a tangible thing clawing at his insides. He curled up into a small ball and tried to sleep, but it just wouldn’t come, no matter how hard he tried. He felt like he’d let Steve down. A
God, Steve wished he was able to have that. He’d never wanted to just touch someone as much as he wanted to touch Tony. Wanted to know how every part of him felt under his hands; wanted to learn each dip and curve of muscle. He wanted to run his hands through Tony’s hair and know what he tasted like under his tongue.
Tony laughed again, and God, Steve just loved that sound so much. He wanted to bottle it. Tony’s whole face lit up when he laughed properly. They were both quiet for a few moments after that- Steve could feel Tony’s gaze wander around the room, stilling on the desk where Steve’s papers and doodles were strung messily. There was a catch in Tony’s throat, almost as if he was about to say something, but at the last moment he refrained, just squeezing Steve tighter. They’d shuffled up against the wall, and Steve had left his head just underneath Tony’s neck, breathing in the smell of Tony’s smoke-tainted jacket, his faint tang of cologne, the underlying
Tony eyed him for a moment, before putting a hand to his heart. “Excuse me, Rogers, what are you insinuating there? I’ll have you know I am a fabulous chef, thank you very much.”
He scoffed at himself in disgust. Whatever it was he was feeling, God only knew how Tony was coping. Steve didn’t deserve to think about himself. He didn’t fucking matter here. What mattered was the person lying in a hospital bed because of him; a person who had put their faith into Steve, and who Steve had broken and ruined because of that.
The whole year had been a really, really sucky year, he decided. And he also took back his previous statement- Manhattan was definitely bad. Horrible. The fucking worst.
The night was perfect. Things always were, with him and Steve. They bickered over the wine and played footsie under the table, and Tony didn’t even complain when Steve stole a bite of his food. Mostly. He may have complained once. Passed a comment or two about how Steve could have also had this dish if he had just strayed from his stupid beloved carbonara. But Steve had just patted his hand and then stolen another bite, and Tony figured that next time he was going to have to use more devious methods to get out of his comfort zone. Perhaps of the sexual nature. He’d always been rather susceptible to those.
Steve was staring at him, the stupid concerned look on his face that he seemed to wear a lot when Tony said something to do with his childhood. It didn’t seem as if anyone knew what to say. Tony hadn’t even realised it was such a
He pulled out his phone with shaking fingers, miraculously still intact and unbroken, and then dialled Tony’s number. He hoped that JARVIS was operating in the suit and would put him through, because he needed to know—Tony had to be safe. They could deal with everything else later, he just had to make sure-
She was hanging off his arm, laughing at something he’d said, and he was grinning back down at her as they leaned against the windowsill and let everyone pass them by. She was close- way too close, in Steve’s opinion- and her hair kept… kept
“Hey, Tony?” Steve said, turning to him. Tony already seemed a little further away once more; aware that Steve had to leave, and knowing that he’d probably end up wandering around on his own again. Jesus- the guy didn’t even
Natasha just looked at him blankly, like he’d said something stupid and not a genuine damn question.  “We want to know the details. Obviously?”
“Do you think anyone in this joint knows what the fuck they’re doing?” Tony asked him, which was scary, because it meant either he could read minds or Steve had just said the last bit out loud. “Steve, this is just a conglomeration of kids trying to act like adults. Trying to pretend as if they’re big. It’s not even a good party- shit music.” He stopped, running a hand through his hair, and Steve couldn’t help but watch the movement. “Look- you got a ride home?”
Tony informed him silently, knocking against Steve’s shoulder and swaying on the little boat they were sat on. Maria was over at the other end, floating her hand through the water and watching as the fish swam by, and of course, she was oblivious to their conversation. Everyone else in the world couldn’t even hear them.
“Natasha will blow her top if she sees you eating that- it’s her turn to cook tonight. And if she chooses to murder you for eating beforehand, then there isn’t much I can do. I know you’re my son, but the whole parent-bond thing only goes so far-”
. Go fight crime in DC for a few months until your contract is over. Make some friends. Don’t die. And I don’t care if you’re trying to save the world, alright, you call me every night or I’m gonna fly over there and kick your ass, capiche?”
What Tony was not used to, however, was sleeping peacefully and then being woken up by a high-pitched, perpetual screaming noise to his immediate right. That was something he could firmly say he'd never had to deal with in his life before.
Thor seemed to be wondering the same thing, because he moved tentatively closer, placing a heavy hand on Tony’s shoulder. “You should have said something,” he said softly, “if we’d known you were struggling, we would have taken up more responsibility. I’m sorry. I was only joking just then; I don’t mind having him a few nights of the week. And I’m sure everyone else will be more than willing to look after him more as well.”
The Thing hadn’t actually managed to make it that far into the city; Iron Man was doing a good job of herding it away and keeping it close to the coast. But Steve got the feeling that it wasn’t actually the city it wanted to destroy. Most of its attention was focused on fighting with Tony, trying to land whatever hit it could, and as good as Iron Man was, the thing was getting in a few heavy blows. Steve couldn’t be much help; none of the missiles were landing anyway, and if Steve got too close then the robot was just going to swipe him straight out of the sky. JARVIS had already had to dodge a few potshots being sent his way.
“But I like seeing your face,” Tony grumbled, head jerking up, looking at Steve before he pressed a messy kiss to his cheek.
He shook his head and crouched back down, tugging Peter into a sitting position and carefully getting his little onesie off. Peter tried to grab for his reactor again, and Tony swatted his hand away with a tut. “Focus, kid,” he said, “all these arms are tricky to remove from clothing, you know.”
“I’m not fucking around, Bucky,” Steve began angrily, but Bucky raised his hands and shook his head.
“You didn’t even think you could give me a head’s up?” Tony shouted angrily, slamming the mug of his coffee down against the counter and making sure he was a good few paces away from Steve as he pointed a finger accusingly, “you just fucking strolled out there, headed into a top-secret terrorist base
There was a short silence, and then Steve huffed, standing up on his bed and walking over to the window by his wall. Yanking it open and sticking his head out, he caught sight of Bucky underneath him, hands in his pockets and looking remarkably like a defiant child. Which Steve figured was pretty fucking accurate.
He felt like someone was punching him. Tony shut his eyes. “It is when we have to watch it all get taken away from us,” he responded gently, with a shake of his head. “If we—if we love him this much already, and we’re getting so carried away after such a relatively short amount of time… God, Steve, this is going to kill us if we lose ourselves any further in this. We have to start setting some boundaries. Now. We have to distance ourselves.”
“I… I know you are,” Tony whispered, the fight draining out of him as he let his knees buckle, knowing Steve would catch him.
His touch was warm and tender, and there was no anger in his voice. Their eyes met. “I know you,” Tony continued along, his voice quiet, but resolute and determined. “I know why you do the things you do. I know that this ate you up inside. But all you knew was what you’d been told, and you… you were the only hope in hell SHIELD ever had of getting to me. So you made a choice. You put aside what you felt, in order to do what you thought would keep people safe.” He looked down at that, very briefly, and slid his hands away, back into the safety of his lap. “You hurt me,” he admitted, “what you did hurt me, Steve. And I… it’s gonna take a while for me to work through that. But how you responded when you realised that you had made a mistake was above and beyond what any other human on the planet would ever have fucking done. You broke me out of a fortress. You risked your job, your life, your…
Tony paused again, and then turned his head, looking sideways and over to Steve. “I like counting your heartbeats,” he muttered with a shrug. “Like to hear it. When I’m having one of my moments and everything just feels too loud in my head, or I’m stupid and anxious about something, I just…” he curved his fingers and pressed in, gentle, against Steve’s wrist, right over his pulse. Then he smiled. “And it calms me down. The counting, the rhythm. It’s nice. Especially after the whole—y’know—cardiac arrest thing.”
He didn’t bother knocking as he burst through into Principal Fury’s office, and as soon as he saw his boyfriend sat sullenly in the chair he marched straight over to him. “Tony, you have to go back and tell him you didn’t mean it,” he said desperately, “you have to or he’s going to- you can’t let him do that, you just can’t.”
Steve had cut in with a brisk confirmation, and said that they’d make their own way there. Tony had watched his hands shake minutely before he’d pulled them behind his back, body taut as a bow.
Tony scowled, but nodded a little, a hand coming up to rub self-consciously over the glass. God, he hated that thing sometimes. But it was a small price to pay- considering everything he’d done to earn it.
Steve was right. Screw him, but he was right. He dropped clumsily onto the chair and then leaned forward onto his desk, looking straight ahead and trying not to hit something. This complicated things. The plan that he’d started developing in his head since last night had suddenly been shattered, and now he was having to re-evaluate everything.
Bruce could only nod, pursing his lips and trying not to laugh, the fucking bastard. Tony scowled at him through the glass and shuffled a little in Steve’s arms, patting the other man reassuringly. Steve glanced at him and then huffed, pressing his nose into Tony’s temple and- well-
are you doing sat outside my window?” He bolted forward, panicked- his window was on the second floor, if Tony fell, he was fucked. Tony didn’t seem to look too worried though; he turned a little, smiling sheepishly at Steve as he waved with one hand and kept the phone tucked into his cheek with the other.
“That’s not how it works,” he told him, every line of his body gentle, soft, as if Steve was just another frightened civilian, “if you went back and changed it, the two timelines would collide with each other. They would not diverge like this,” Reed waved to the crude diagram, “they’d just—they’d crash into one another, and it would be because of you. If
Closing his eyes and once more reveling in the silence and lack of terrifyingly familiar hisses or whines that had always haunted his birthday before, he brought Tony’s hand to his lips and kissed the knuckles there.
“I’m sorry I was so harsh,” Steve told him as they descended on the elevator, throat still feeling somewhat raw and uneven. Tony glanced up at him, his face twisting in confliction as he squeezed their hands together.
Steve stopped on the stairs, looking at Sam with a mixture of surprise and annoyance. “Lewis? Why the hell is she here?”
“I’m so damn clever,” he muttered, arms winding instinctively around Steve’s neck as he hoisted them both up.
“Shut up, punk,” Steve bumped their shoulders together, feeling himself start to blush, “if you can wax poetic about Natasha, I get to talk about mine, okay?”
“Oh no, I know already that this is going to be a stupid thing you’re about to say,” Bucky sighed as he slammed the door shut, turning around to Steve and popping his collar against the cold wind, “Stevie, buddy, I love you, but if you’re going to try and convince me to do something dumb again, I’ve gotta tell you, it’s not happening. It’s too cold and there’s pizza inside-“
At least Tony laughed at that, and although is head fell once more into his hands, his shoulders relaxed a little. Definitely a plus. “Okay, yeah, you probably have a point there, big guy. Oh, and Bucky?”
“Are those designs?” Steve asked, brows furrowing as he tried to focus in on one of the things pinned messily to the wall. Next to it, on the paintwork itself, it looked as if Tony had scribbled extra notes on in permanent marker.
“Yes, Captain Rogers?” The AI was soft and gentle, and his voice was layered with its own kind of grief. Steve did not doubt for a second that JARVIS was in whatever kind of pain that an artificial intelligence was capable of feeling.
Steve grinned, and then gave a half-hearted shrug. “Helps to heat up my food in that fancy microwave,” he said, and Tony rolled his eyes—and action that not only weeks ago, Steve may have taken offence to, thought that Tony was calling him stupid. But spending time with Tony had been informative, and he now knew that Tony was just teasing him.
It was almost a year. A whole year since she’d died. So many things had happened that he wished he could tell her- things about school, about Tony, about himself. He’d grown almost two inches and his hair was a little longer, and he’d learned how to make Lasagne and play ‘Mary had a little lamb’ on the piano.
He raised a hand and pointed North, squinting through the heavy smoke and watching as the alien star glowed deep red through the atmosphere, bathing the foreign planet they were trapped on in a blood-red that should have just added to the fear.
“Ah, he arrives at last,” Clint declared as Steve flopped heavily onto the spot Tony’s foot had been saving for him seconds earlier, “where’ve you been for the past ten minutes then?”
He stopped in the middle of the corridor, trying to remember how to breathe as Clint, Sam and Nat all came back to him. “What the fuck is going on?” Natasha said, taking his arm and looking at him seriously, “we came as soon as Louise told us you were getting into a fight with Ty. Steve, why is Tony so mad?”
Once he’d managed to open the door for the remaining SHIELD agents to flock through, the fight was short-lived. There weren’t nearly enough HYDRA to combat the wave of defenders, and Steve knew he wasn’t needed any further in regards to the round-up of enemy forces.
There was a sudden warmth by his shoulder and he turned with a jerk, spotting Natasha smiling next to him. “It’s okay,” she jostled his side gently, filling in for his lack of words, “we understand, you know.”
At this point, the entire room was pretty much vibrating on the spot, and Tony was a little nervous as to what the last one was going to be. He looked at Steve curiously, eyebrow raised, and Steve just nodded at the last slip, biting his lip.
Steve was just a silhouette in the darkness of their room, but Tony still saw how he shifted, became a shade more tense. “Why?” He asked, “it’s… I mean, this is working pretty well as it is. And Peter won’t like the change.”
Steve rolled his eyes and kicked out across the bed, poking him in the stomach. “Don’t be an idiot,” he said, “Tony Stark is not… that sort of person. I’m just curious, that’s all.”
He grabbed his phone from the nightstand and dialled the familiar number, knowing she would probably still be awake at this time. And of course, it only took three beeps until the call connected, Natasha’s breathless voice speaking down the line. “I’m in the middle of a workout, Rogers. This better be good.”
Steve just huffed, and then held out a hand as Tony threw a pair of sweats across the room. “They look like they should fit. I couldn’t find a shirt though- sorry.”
He and Thor shared breakfast at a greasy spoon that was too simple and old-fashioned for the trendier members of the team, but which the two of them adored for its massive portion sizes and classic menu. Of course, Thor’s focus was not really on the food today. The rope harness, while completely concealed beneath the other man’s loose fitting thermal, was plainly never far from his mind.
Thor had been in pretty desperate need of a good scene, and Steve had been more than happy to oblige. The man was absolutely resplendent in bondage, the bookended answer to the way he was in battle, and several of the others hadn’t had the chance to witness the way the Asgardian rope was truly capable of holding him without threat of breakage or strain in the face of Thor’s strength. Natasha was threading it through her fingers and pulling with an appreciative murmur, while Phil looked in interest over her shoulder. From the way his gaze also kept sneaking over to one of the walls that contained a set of mounted manacles, however, Steve suspected Phil was struggling to decide precisely which side of the bondage he most wanted to be on tonight. From the very fact that he could read this from a man whose expressions were often so carefully controlled, Steve suspected he knew how the debate would end.
“You needed someone to punish, just as I did, Captain Rogers. We are both of us vengeful in our grief; I would never judge that which I so fully understand.”
“SI does not do unpaid internships. Sorry kid, but Pepper has very strong feelings on this topic. If it’ll make you feel better, though, I’ll send you on coffee runs every once in a while. Really demeaning, lots of modifiers on the drinks and plenty of yelling if anything in the order is wrong.” While Peter frowned at the news that he wouldn’t be forced to work for a billionaire for free, Tony pressed forward, hoping the last of what he had to say wouldn’t be too far, too fast. “At some point, you gotta pick someone to trust, kid. SHIELD has resources, and a lot of legal and social apparatuses designed to protect people like us if things go wrong. If you end up deciding to go in that direction, because you probably will see Steve around at some point and he is kind of annoyingly likeable, I don’t blame you. But if you want to play the free agent game a while longer, it might be a good idea to have someone on your side.”
May was obviously still conflicted and extremely confused, but much as with Peter, her combined relief and exhaustion seemed to win out. After another threat about what would happen if any harm came to Peter—this one much more graphic and genuinely intimidating—May consented to the meeting the next day and disconnected the call. She hadn’t asked for any specific proof that Tony was who he said he was, but he ducked into the guest room and turned the lighting up just enough to snap a picture of Peter, which he sent to May along with his full contact information.
“You guys, look, this whole thing is very sweet and all, but—ohfuck.” Thor’s hands, coated in some kind of oil with a smell that was disconcertingly both earthy and metallic, were  working on knots near Tony’s shoulders, and the combination of finesse and power he was bringing to the task were—well, he hadn’t thought it was possible to actually force relaxation on someone, but that was the only way he could think to describe it. He couldn’t worry about coming, or about what exactly the team had planned here, or about anything, when Thor’s massive hands felt like they were everywhere, doing battle with every bit of tension in Tony’s frame. Thor chatted intermittently with Clint and Phil, but none of them seemed to be speaking directly to Tony, so he could let himself sink deeper and deeper into the bed and wonder if it was possible for bones and muscle to actually dissolve.
Two nights after the failed movie night, Bucky insisted that the team observe (or more like resurrect) Friday Date Night. They’d started Date Night many years prior, primarily as a way to account for the uneven levels of intimacy between different members of the team Eventually they’d outgrown the need for such a formalized set of outings, but they occasionally still made time for it as a way to reconnect or decompress after long absences or stressful missions.
“But you’ve been before? He, the other Tony, he invited you?” Bruce smiled, that same fond expression tinged with sadness that bringing up Mark II always produced in the team. (Tony wondered if he would have his own version of that look now, whenever someone asked about his old life. It was somehow both sad and weirdly comforting to know how much he and this version of the team would always be bound by their intimate familiarity with loss.)
“Well if we’re taking responsibility for things, I had a hand in the whole not letting you leave part of the evening,” Pepper said. And how out of it was Tony that he hadn’t even seen her? True, she was sitting kind of off to the side, her barstool halfway between the kitchen the living room, but that was no excuse for just not noticing the presence of one of his closest friends. She looked tired, Tony realized with a guilty flush; she had never bothered to remove the makeup she’d been wearing the day before, and the SI hoodie she had on had a coffee stain near the left pocket. Like always, cleaning up Tony’s messes appeared to be taking a toll on Pepper.
It didn’t end up feeling all that much like a loss. Steve loved handfeeding, but without having to focus on the actual mechanics of it—making sure the bites were big enough but not too big, that the pace was good, that Tony was getting enough of everything—he got to just watch and hold the submissive’s hand while he went soft and sweet under Bruce’s careful attention. Tony couldn’t finish the fat and protein dense meal, but he made a decent enough dent in the food that Bruce didn’t seem concerned when Tony started turning his head away to refuse more.
“But you haven’t even said g’morning yet, Sir.” Steve, Tony had learned over the past few days, always woke up at least half-hard, and it took little more than a breeze to get his cock even more interested in the proceedings. They still hadn’t gone further than semi-platonic bedsharing, but if there was ever a chance, morning was definitely the time to try.
No content warnings I can think of for this chapter. As always, though, feel free to let me know if you think I'm missing something, or if you have questions or concerns.
“Because the Alberta oil sands are still a massive environmental threat, dipshit! As long as garbage like this still exists it doesn’t matter how innovative and affordable SI makes its stuff. People know oil, they trust oil. The more clear, detailed reasons we can give the public and our lawmakers to do otherwise, the more people will actually still be alive to try to your arc-reactor-wannabe powered lawn-mower bot.”
He could hear the quiet hum of conversation in the living room. Steve’s low baritone was immediately identifiable, as was the slightly crisp edge to his consonants that meant he was in planning mode. Tony should have joined them, some part of him even wanted to, but every time he tried to roll off the bed and onto his feet he felt the preludes to panic start to take hold: his breath sped up, his chest felt tight, and his left hand started to tremble. There was no logical reason for this reaction; Tony knew damn well that the last thing any of them would do was take Peter from him, or act without his clear say-so. However involved they liked to be in the rest of Tony’s life, they had been remarkably hands-off when it came to the kid. Maybe that was part of what felt so off now? Was it possible to both want their input and fear it at the same time?
1. Submissives are the only ones who tend to wear collars full-time; even they tend to have daywear and nightwear or scene versions, simply because wearing thick leather around one’s neck all the time can be quite warm, and can negatively impact the skin.
“I wish I’d been there.” Steve said it without thinking, and regretted it immediately. (He didn’t even know for sure which ‘there’ he meant—this new Tony’s past, or the present when he’d learned about Ultron.) The silence on the other end of the line lasted long enough that he wondered if Tony might have passed out.
“Hawkeye is down but stable—looks to be a broken ankle. Accounts of the exact events are conflicting, but Specialist Barton claims it was a necessary risk.” Phil gave no indication that this news upset him except for a slight motion of his jaw. “Oh my God.”
Even if Steve didn’t know that this woman had level ten clearance, or that everyone in SHIELD who had worked with her spoke of Dr. Domen with nothing but reverence bordering on fear, he would have known she was not quite as unthreading as she appeared. Nat would never have chosen somehow who’d go easy on him, plus there was a quiet air of absolutely precision about this woman (the angle at which she’d rearranged the chairs, the way she sat still without seeing stiff) that was too encompassing to be an accident or an act. Typically, Steve liked people who were capable of upsetting expectations like that, but today…well, today he was not remotely in the mood.
“Then stop trying to make me come in under two minutes like a damn frat boy!” Tony yelped. Clint retaliated with a long, slow swirl of his tongue around the head of Tony’s cock, and that was it, this was going to be the end of Tony’s ability to make words, or sense of any kind. He started pulling at the restraints with more intent than usual, half-formed, panicky thoughts about not wrecking a scene that had barely had a chance to start chasing through his mind.
“You know why he always pushes up against you hardest.” It was a reminder Natasha given him countless times before, but never about this version of Tony Stark. Steve glared.
“He asleep?” Pepper asked as Rhodey rounded the corner. He found her sprawled out on his couch, a bottle of beer in one hand and a tablet in the other; she was squinting at the latter in a way that he was quite certain had much more to do with exhaustion than the small amount of booze she’d consumed that night, and he felt no guilt at all for sliding it out of her hands.
“So for that or whatever reason, his universe’s team didn’t spend much time together before Ultron. Steve, I think you’re the one he’s talked to the most about that?” Steve took a long swig of someone else’s beer and sighed.
Tony will later hope that he said something charming and witty in reply to Steve’s invitation; truthfully, he doesn’t recall if he managed to respond in recognizable English at all, or if (as he is inclined to think from the suspicious bruises on his shins) he just lunged across the coffee table at the poor guy. To be fair, though, Steve didn’t seem particularly bothered if that was how things went down, given that Tony’s first definite memory of what happened next was being physically lifted off his feet. Steve’s hands felt absolutely massive, spanning almost the entire width of Tony’s ass as he hoisted him to the precise height he needed to plunder his mouth.
.”  The harsh words weren’t surprising, there were plenty of those to go around these days. But the fact that it was Natasha barking them while jumping off the piece of wrecked lab-bench she had been sitting on to get right in Barton’s face, that was shocking to pretty much everyone, particularly Clint himself. Tony graced her with a nod and even a small quirk of his lips. (Even in the midst of all of this, Steve spared a heartbeat or two to acknowledge that he was achingly jealous of Nat for that exchange.)
This chapter also contains a mention of miscarriage. It’s relatively easy to avoid (just skip the last paragraph) if this is a trigger for you. I also wanted to note that the way the character talks about that experience is specific to that person. (I’m especially concerned about their account being read as in any way anti-choice. My own previous pregnancy loss has only made me more ferociously committed to upholding everyone’s right to choose what they want for their bodies.)
“I met my Tony when he rolled up to MIT half out of his mind from prolonged submissive deprivation, or sub-dep.” The room was completely silent, the others watching Rhodey attentively as if they either had never heard the story before, themselves, or considered it important to listen to the re-telling. “We undergo testing, here, at 14. In our day it was mainly bloodwork, because hormones related to orientation spike at that age, really dramatically. Right after that testing, kids usually spend at least a month immersed in their headspaces at a state-run training facility—learning what it’s like to be there, what they need, that kind of thing. It isn’t sexual at that point, orientation is about way more than that, but the need and the drive to be in headspace…it’s incredibly strong. The day after my Tony’s results came in, Howard shipped him off to university instead. Claimed he was 15 on the enrolment forms, filled the pockets of the right people, and no one said a damn thing.” The hand still in Tony’s hair tightened for a second, then released. “I don’t—Banner can take you through the science of it later, but for a submissive to be denied headspace, especially one classified as he was and at such a critical point in his development…it could have driven him insane. Killed him, even. And still it took him three damn days to admit who and what he was to me so I could help him.”
“Mmm that’s better. Stay with me, sweetheart. Now I realized that even when you’re a good, perfect boy during a scene, there’s one point where you almost always start to fight your Dom a little bit. Know what it is?” The idea that he hadn’t been good, that he’d been disobeying his Dominants without even realizing it, was enough to make Tony’s eyes sting. He shook his head. “It’s right when you’re about to come. Now, people say all kinds of things when they’re near orgasm so I wasn’t inclined to read that much into it at first. But the more I thought about it—not just the way you fight coming, but the way you were denying yourself orgasms long before it was even something we would have considered asking of you as your Dominants—the more I started to feel like something else was going on.”
Tony jerked upright; his eyes were still swimming with submission, but he was visibly clawing his way back up to baseline as quickly as he could manage.
The others had settled in various spots around the room; a few of them on the bed, another two in the aftercare area. Phil, fully down in subspace now, sat on his knees next to Tony. Natasha was primarily using Steve himself as her own personal lounger, which meant he felt it the moment her entire body grew hard and stiff after she’d glanced down at her phone.
“There are two things I think we need to at least be working towards before I’ll feel comfortable supporting you involving yourself further with Tony Stark in any capacity. The first is that you need to be in a place where you can forgive your other partners for implicitly asking you to live.”
“I don’t wanna be cramping your style. I know how important this vacation is, and I know you got a lot to take of while you’re here.”
Instead of reacting with just anger or jealousy, though, Tony’s mind had offered up the uncharacteristically hopeful thought of not just staying in this universe, but somehow coming to belong here, too. So when his side had twinged a while later, he hadn’t swallowed the involuntary sound of pain down. He’d even told Rogers what had happened, trusted him with the knowledge of another of Tony’s mistakes. And Cap’s response… (Rogers had gone to his knees in front of Tony. This time not as the result of some tragically bad inter-universe miscommunication, but simply because he wanted to help. Wanted it badly enough that easing Tony’s pain had seemed to soothe Cap on a visceral level, far more than anything else Tony had asked of him. For just a few minutes, with Rogers’ hands gentle on Tony’s side, it hadn’t even mattered that this wasn’t really the version of Tony that Cap wanted to save.)
No, he’d wait this one out in the shop with all the liquor in the Tower, every project he could get his hands on, and the loudest music that JARVIS would permit.
One way to think about the balls Coulson uses is less that he’s handing over reasons that he wants or needs to submit, and more that they represent barriers to that submission, the burdens he must discard in order to be able to reach a satisfying and honest headspace. Given the ample stresses and obligations involved in his work, it would be unlikely ever for him not to make use of them.
“You’s braking process covered the least amount of total distance,” Butterfingers and Dummy both made a near-hissing noise Tony had never programmed into his own versions, “but taking into account their respective speeds when the halt was called, I would declare Butterfingers’ braking the most comprehensively efficient.”
“I think the context doesn’t fit. You would have asked about the status of a lover before now, would have been concerned about how the little charade we’re going to have to put on would impact him. And I think…even despite whatever your version of the team did, I don’t think you would have let us cling to any hope about a future with you if there wasn’t any. She also told me where you guys had gone when all this happened, and I don’t see any way that what you saw would have triggered that response. We’re talking…we’re talking about someone young, I think. So I started trying to find any references I could to someone under 21 named Peter that you might have had any meaningful contact with. The only lead I could track down was a kid in Queens who may or may not be moonlighting in a pair of what I can only describe as souped-up pyjamas.” What Natasha chose
