Sherlock’s eyes slipped open and he studied John with an amused curiosity. “I see,” he murmured. He looked as if he just made several deductions, none of which he spoke out loud. Instead, he reached his hand down his body, stealing past John’s cock and moving lower. John thought Sherlock might touch him—
Sherlock cast an exasperated, somewhat pitying look at John.
As if existing only to make John’s life worse, his mobile buzzed. John cursed, silencing it as quickly as possible.
"Unless," Sherlock said, "we don't want to."
Sherlock looked up at John with an expression that was usually reserved for instances where John was unable to see a clue that Sherlock found to be the most obvious thing in the world. John was not a particular fan of that expression.
“Right,” John said, unsure of what else to say. “Well. Time for bed then.”
At ten months old, Rosie seemed to be growing rapidly, developing new skills every day. She began crawling a little over a month ago and had really taken to it, moving as if she knew she had a whole world to see. She was pulling herself up onto the legs of tables and chairs, and Sherlock felt certain that she would walk soon, despite what John’s baby books claimed. He was helping her with leg exercises and intended to speed the process along.
? Or what about,
history repeats itself—
“Everything about you,” he repeats, and his eyes are drilling holes right through you. “So you muscle your way through the days, because that’s what good soldiers do, isn’t it? You muscle through the work at the surgery that is so far beneath you it’s laughable. You muscle through your nights at your tragic little flat—a bedsit, likely, I can tell by the way you fold your shirts. You muscle through your commute, the inane trips on the Tube and the meaningless people you pass on the streets. You muscle your way through it all, because if you just grit your teeth hard enough, if you just keep your upper lip stiff enough, you won’t have to face how
—and I couldn’t do anything to save you. I wasn’t fast enough, or clever enough, or convincing enough, or…” he swallowed, everything in him burning alive, “
Sherlock hummed against John’s temple. “I intend to,” he said. “I intend on never letting you out of my sight again.” He dropped his head, moving his mouth to John’s neck. He kissed at the bruises along John’s throat, his lips drifting over the scratches from the smaller man’s boot.
John pressed on. “What you overheard this morning. With Gilly. It… It wasn’t…”
“You,” Sherlock said.
“Sherlock,” John whispered, because he could. He could say the name of this man in bed with him, the man whose mouth was on his, whose cock was in his hand. He could say the name because when he did it made the corners of Sherlock’s gasping mouth turn up into a little smile and his heavy eyes flash with something like love. He could say the name until he could no longer speak if he had to.
“No,” the man says. “Didn’t need to be. It’s all obvious, really.”
Sherlock tugged at John’s pyjama trousers and John scrambled as best he could to pull the rest of his clothes off. The bed creaked and clattered and John cursed. His trousers were still dangling off one ankle when he felt slick fingers at his arse and froze, gasping.
“We got running water out here a while back,” Darren said. “So you’ve got use of a sink and a shower.”
John wasn’t certain he could speak through the burning in his throat. “Do you want me to?” he asked. “Leave, that is?”
Sherlock’s eyebrows flickered at his words. His fingers were on John’s shoulder, tracing the outline of John’s scar, the one that brought him back to London what seemed like a full lifetime ago.
and his lips were moving against John’s and his tongue was dipping and exploring in John’s mouth and there were no cameras or onlookers or a bloody serial killer to convince. They were alone and they wanted each other.
“Oh,” John said. “Well, that’s not—”
Sherlock turned his gaze back towards John, his cheek resting against the grass, the only thing that grew on the island. Save for one tree. “I never expected anyone to care, John,” he said. “I still don’t.”
“By far.”
The whole of John’s insides turned to liquid. It seemed as if they were threatening to drown him. “Right,” he said, amazed that he had the ability to even speak.
.” With that, he strode down the hallway, disappearing into his bedroom for clearly no reason whatsoever.
“I’m afraid not, John,” Sherlock said.
” Sherlock shouted, but he was already tearing into the dressers, ripping the gun from underneath John’s clothes, jumpers and vests scattering in his wake. He was running downstairs a second later. “
Sherlock scrolled through the victim’s page, passing picture after picture. “It’s
John couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something he ought to remember, something of some sort of significance.
John said nothing. His eyes very purposefully remained on the road.
, the solicitor told them,
Sherlock thought again about how two cells—against all probability and intentions of life—learn to live together, giving what the other requires, requiring what the other gives. The two cells stop being separate entities at a certain point and carry on as one, working in tandem, ensuring their mutual survival. Needing each other. It was happenstance how it all occurred, how by some chance an organism happened to find the only other living thing that could compliment it in such a way that it made the both of them better, creating a novel, unique life where there once was nothing. More romantic souls might have called the whole thing a miracle, but all Sherlock knew was that it was in tremendous contradiction to the odds and, for that, he ought to be overwhelmingly grateful.
“Why?” Sherlock asked.
The café was quiet and undisturbed. It didn’t look to John as if anybody had been in there since Sherlock came for the linens the night before, but Sherlock would likely be able to tell him otherwise by examining the dust patterns on the floor or something. Declan’s lodgings above the café also seemed unbothered.
John, however, didn’t feel particularly well at the moment.
It all made sense, of course. Mary spending increasing amounts of time away from the flat, not telling him where she was going, and returning with a distracted, tense look on her face. Now that he thought about it, Mary seemed hypervigilant as of late, asking John if he locked the doors at night, checking all the windows, looking over her shoulder when the two of them were out. Mary had been onto this for weeks, it would seem—scoping out the danger, determining if it made sense for her to stay or flee. The signs had been there, plain as day. John had been too wrapped up in himself to even bloody
Petrol attendants all up the highway confirmed that they had seen Mary—she was back to blond hair here, but wore it longer. Still a wig, John supposed. The time at which they reported seeing her seemed to get closer and closer. They weren’t missing her by days anymore; they seemed to be right on her tail.
John thought but absolutely did not say.
John felt a wave of relief wash through him with such force it nearly made him dizzy. His head slumped back against the floor of the boat. All right. Sherlock was all right.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You don’t have to be so modest, John,” he said.
“Oh,” Mary said.
“Christ,” John muttered. “So he stayed on the far side of the island then?” The easternmost part of the island was hellish enough in yesterday’s storms, with the wind nearly ripping the grass from its roots and the rain hammering down on them. John could barely imagine what the western side of the island was like, with no mountain to shield it from the elements.
Sherlock found his own smile impossible to fight, not that he was trying particularly hard. “Not that I’d trust another doctor to touch me anyway,” he said. “I’m afraid I’m rather selective when it comes to my medical professionals.”
He saw Sherlock glance at him out of the corner of his eye, hands perfectly still on the wheel.
Mrs. Hudson’s smile never faltered. “Sorry to hear that, dear,” she said. “Things starting to go a bit dry in the relationship?”
There was a knock against the doorframe. A careful clearing of the throat. “If you boys don’t mind,” Mrs. Hudson said, “the police are here.”
Another mumbling noise.
Mary’s lips lifted in a little half-smile. “I’ll be fine, John,” she said. “I have plenty of experience in these matters.”
“Not with me,” Sherlock said.
“It seems we do,” John said.
Their solicitor helped them with the tricky bits, like drawing up the paperwork for the legal separation and divvying up the property and finances. The property bit was easy; they had very little. Mary stayed at the flat in the suburbs the two rented, and John moved back to Baker Street. Mary got the car; John didn’t need it in the city. John thanked whatever lucky stars he still had that they didn’t have any children to worry about with this whole mess. Now, everything was sorted and all John had left to do was to agree to it.
“Now that we’re over,” Mary said, “now that you don’t have to tell me what you think I want to hear, what you think will keep me happy, can you finally be honest with me? About Sherlock?”
” he yelled into the mobile, his face twisted with rage. “
“No,” Sherlock said, “but he’s
“You’ve missed several important case-related developments,” Sherlock said. His fingers flew over the keyboard. “While you were
“It was practically a compliment,” John said.
Sherlock had a fairly sizable request and a very small window of time for Wiggins to get everything together. Sherlock was prepared for a certain level of disappointment. Indeed, he wasn’t so much interested in the quality of Wiggins’ concoctions; he merely wanted oblivion. In his experience, Wiggins could deliver on oblivion. However, as the substance started setting in mere seconds after the plane lifted off the desolate tarmac, Sherlock felt the effects begin to seep into his body and realized that Wiggins delivered on quality as well. To Sherlock, it seemed an excellent way to begin his exile. If he had any say in the matter, it would be
“I want you never to think straight again,” Sherlock said. “I want to be the only thing on your mind. The center of it all.” His hand gripped at John’s arse, the very tip of his finger just breaching the tight ring of his hole. He ground John against him in rough, stuttering thrusts.
The café was quaint-looking, with a wooden counter, stone fireplace, and large chalkboard with the most recent café offering still scrawled in a messy print. A few rickety-looking wooden tables were scattered about. Sherlock dropped his bags by the door and was on his hands and knees behind the counter within seconds, probably analyzing patterns of wear on the floor.
So you make yourself turn away from the straight-line man who would bruise you if he wrapped himself around you but you keep looking back. Of course you keep looking back, because you can’t keep yourself from things that will kill you in the end (
“I don’t know what…” John’s voice sounded wet. His lips were pressed into Sherlock’s shoulder. “I don’t know what I would have…”
“Don’t be silly, John,” Sherlock said. “I’m investigating the sheep because of
The day Sherlock died, the day he jumped, as John stumbled across the pavement to get to him, he told himself Sherlock was still alive. All the way across the pavement, even as the gasping crowd closed in, even as he got closer to Sherlock’s body and saw the blood and the carnage, he told himself Sherlock was still alive. Even as he pushed through the bodies of the onlookers, moaning words he didn’t hear, and reached for Sherlock’s pale, bloodied wrist, he told himself Sherlock was still alive. Even with all his medical training, with his knowledge that a fall from a six-story building wasn’t exactly survivable, with the sound of Sherlock’s body crunching onto the pavement echoing in his head, he told himself that Sherlock was still alive, that he had somehow managed to argue against gravity and win, that he kept his body intact and his heart still beating. Because Sherlock had to be. He
Gilly laughed. “Would you like me to ask you properly? Get down on one knee?”
Indeed, it was.
watch the bloody sheep,” John growled. “All sheep on the island have their guts still on the inside. You’re bloody welcome.”
response that would come out like a gut-punch and leave him feeling sore and Sherlock looking sullen. He stopped himself, realizing. He looked into Sherlock’s waiting eyes, tightening his arms around Sherlock’s waist. He felt a grin spread wide across his face. “Oh,” he said, “about five years. Give or take.”
“Git.” John could barely breathe.
“Are you…” You blink. There is a smile making a play for your face that is likely to be unprecedentedly idiotic. “Are you asking me to move in with you?”
John scooted forward and grabbed at a tattered piece of clothing on the ground. It was a shirt, partially on fire. He reached for the water bottle. Enough water remained at the bottom of the bottle to give the thing a bit of weight—enough to get it thirty meters, anyway.
Sherlock muttered something, but he seemed to be appreciating the view as well, his eyes gazing out to the horizon even as he stuffed his hands into the pockets of his coat, trying to look cool.
“I’ve been thinking,” Sherlock said, “about the role of the host. In your little problem.”
“I know what I am, John,” Sherlock said. “The kind of man I am. I know I’m not the sort of person who ought to… The sort of person that anybody should…” He swallowed. “I had quite a bit of time with my own thoughts while I was away. Too much time, arguably. The isolation and the stress and the pain, it can turn your brain to pudding, make you think sideways, and I thought… I thought if there was anyone, anyone who
John could feel half of his functioning stutter to a stop. His knees nearly buckled. His eyes dropped shut. Sherlock slipped his tongue into John’s ear and set a rough pace on his cock and John damn near saw spots. A little voice in his head reminded him that they were in the middle of some bloody ruins on the Great Blasket Island, that it was cold outside and a bit wet, that they ought to take this back to their cottage, to their room, to their bed. However, John knew that there was absolutely no time for such foolishness.
and no one ever leaves.
“It’s all right,” John said. He had absolutely no idea what was going on.
“How long,” John said, also dreading the answer to this question, “how long did they have you?”
Bits and pieces of memories wound their way back to John’s mind. Sherlock’s plan, the money in the storage room. Stepping away to help the Scandinavian woman down the hill. Racing back to the café. Will cowering over the duffel with the money, begging for the flash drive. Shaking. Terrified. The back of his head exploding across the clean linens. The men with the guns behind John. The Taibhse Brothers. It had to be them. Pain. The crack of a gun. Silence. Blackness.
“Dreams are the child in your mind let loose in the toy shop of your memories,” Sherlock said. “Illogical. Impulsive. Acting on a whim. Most of the time they are nonsense, forgettable. But some of the time they can hold meaning, communicate information. They talk to you, tell you what matters. What is important to you. What you fear.”
“Oh,” John said. “It’s…” But he didn’t quite know how to finish that sentence. It wasn’t all right, and it was certainly more than a bit not good, but it
“Right,” John said, “you shouldn’t. If you are correct with your first choice, you shouldn’t switch. If you are incorrect with your first choice, you
Mycroft Holmes once said to him, and John supposed he was. He didn’t throw his lot in with many things, but those he chose he tended to choose for life. He would never have left the army on his own accord. He would have stayed until a bullet ripped through his head; he very nearly did. He would never quit medicine, he knew. He would be
“Did they capture you?” John asked.
“So,” you say. “Sherlock Holmes.”
John nodded, finding that the lie was more helpful to his relationship than the truth ever would be and doing his best to cover up the flagging remains of what had been a stunning erection. He tripped into the bathroom and choke-cried into the sink and his subconscious must have gotten the hint because that was the only one of
“Be patient, John,” Sherlock whispered. He pulsed forward and pulled back just a hair and he wasn’t even fully inside yet. John could have bit him. John seriously considered biting him. He bit the pillow instead.
impressed by this bank robber,” you say.
Hugh led them into the loo, the last room on the tour. The walls were tile and the piping looked as old as the cottage itself, but there was a claw-foot tub—the one Sherlock mentioned on his call with the rental company—sitting grandly at the end of the room. Sherlock was right. It did appear to be big enough for two.
?” he asked.
“Everything is fine,” John said quickly, in an attempt to circumvent an unsuspecting yet slightly loud couple from being rudely escorted from the restaurant. It had happened before and, despite Sherlock’s self-satisfied grin, it always made John feel like an arse.
For a moment, John looked as if Sherlock was speaking Latin. He glanced over at the little table, then back at Sherlock. “Yeah,” he said. “I did.”
John pulled at the restraints with all his might. He felt in danger of dislocating his wrists, but was perfectly fine with ripping his own hand off at the moment if it meant knocking Gilly away from Sherlock. “
And he knew he shouldn’t, he knew he ought not to, he knew it was the very definition of self-centered unfairness, but there was only one person he thought of in the moment.
John sighed. By his count, the number was fairly high at this point anyway. “You know that blackmailing wedding guests into good behavior,” John said, “isn’t exactly in the job description of the best man.”
“Even wearing that horrible Christmas jumper,” Sherlock said. “All I wanted to do was rip it off you. I could have folded you in half and fucked you right under that god-forsaken tree in the sitting room.” He bit at John’s ear. “I still might.”
John opened his mouth to retort, but Mary put a hand up.
The facts Mary provided in their divorce petition were succinct but sufficient. Their solicitor had talked with the both of them about the phrasing, the language to use when addressing the court. Mary was the one filing for divorce, the Petitioner. John was the Respondent. Be specific, the solicitor said. Be objective. Keep emotions out of it. It’ll feel cold, the solicitor said. Mechanical. But it is what is needed to convince the court.
“Just checking on you,” John said. “You might remember I said I’d do that periodically. Headache’s back, I take it?”
“Did you sleep?” John asked Sherlock.
much. “It’s fine—”
“It has nothing to do with the
Somewhere in the building, the commotion continued. Yelling. A cry of pain. In the room, someone moaned, rolled over on their mattress. The springs creaked, complaining. A rat scuttled by Sherlock’s head but he didn’t notice.
Sherlock’s middle finger dipped just below John’s waistband. “You’d be much more convincing,” Sherlock said, “if you weren’t so aroused at the moment.”
John nodded. He swallowed. “Doesn’t hurt to ask.”
, John.”
The two stayed like that long into the night, with one of them occasionally taking the head-lamp to go check on the sheep and do a quick scan of the visible bits of the island. John was a bit too worried to get much sleep, for fear that Will would return and attempt some sort of attack while they had their eyes averted. Will didn’t seem like the brightest bulb in the batch, but even he might be able to deduce that the sheep the two of them were hiding inside a cottage might just be the very sheep he had been looking for. Still, as the night wore on John’s eyes grew heavier and heavier. He found his head bobbing and dipping, barely able to stay afloat as Sherlock took his turn scanning the island.
in large, scrawling text.
“Yes you do,” John said, stepping into the kitchen. “You’re doing it right now. You care. You have to care.”
“I value your assistance greatly,” Sherlock said, his voice quiet. “I value
. Based on how you’ve been acting as of late, it’s clear that he means nothing to you.”
John eased himself out of bed, scanning the room for his clothes. He couldn’t find his pants for the life of him, and his vest was a soiled mess. He opted to simply tug his trousers on, flies undone, and carry his jumper with him to his bedroom. He would change in his bedroom and clean up a bit after he had made the phone call he knew was desperately needed.
“Did you find incontrovertible proof that the man and the dolphin are the best of friends?” Sherlock asked.
This year, John figured he had a better handle on the day. It had been over a year since Sherlock died, after all, and the misery had a less acute edge to it, a dull knife that couldn’t quite cut you unless you pressed
So after Sherlock reminded her that she absolutely, decidedly, did
“That’s all I’ve got so far.”
John nodded. He dug his fingers into the blankets.
John asked), they climbed the stairs to deposit their luggage in the bedroom.
A faint spray of rain began falling just outside the greenhouse, tiny droplets pitter-pattering against the thick glass.
John moved faster, bouncing on Sherlock’s lap, his body shaking, tightening. His breath was coming in staccato. His fingers dug into Sherlock’s scalp, pulling at his hair. The whole of him was trembling, Sherlock could practically feel it inside his own body. John never took his eyes off Sherlock.
Rosie stood again. She pressed her arms behind her back and started pacing around the body. She seemed to be dictating something, talking out loud to herself.
Sherlock met his eyes and, for a moment, said nothing. He didn’t seem embarrassed—not as embarrassed as John would have been, were their situations reversed—but his gaze had a slight sheepish quality to it, with just a hint of daring.
“Shit,” John breathed. “That’d be your parents.”
John’s mouth remained open but his words stopped. He nodded. All he wanted in the world was to close the space between himself and Sherlock, to press his lips against Sherlock’s and kiss the shattered look off his face. However, he told himself the last kiss was the last, and it had to be, it simply had to be. If he started granting himself exceptions, he’d never stop.
John dug his fingers into his leg.
“Ah,” John said.
Nope.
John typed.
Sherlock continued, ignoring John
“And what’ll you do?” John whispered. He wasn’t particularly sure why reuniting with Mary required so much sneaking around.
“You’re goddamn right it’s unfair,” John said. His voice wasn’t quite in one piece anymore. “This whole bloody situation is unfair. Everything about this is unfair.” John sighed, took several deep breaths. He shook his head. “You know I still can’t even remember most of it?”
John’s head was dumb and floundering, sparking in confusion at all that transpired. He had been sure—he had been so sure—that last night had meant something between him and Sherlock. He must have been wrong, very wrong. Sherlock certainly seemed to think he was wrong. Sherlock seemed to think quite a lot of things about him, and none of them were close to anything that could be called
dreams, which were starting to seem a bit like nightmares at this point. Sometimes they were the odd ones where Sherlock did nothing except stand near him and his mere presence got John so turned on that soon he was begging Sherlock to touch him. Other times they were the ones where Sherlock
Sherlock mumbled something incoherent.
“I made a vow, Sherlock,” John said. “I made a vow to Mary. I stood before God and everyone and swore that I would stay by her side. Until death does us part.”
I’m beautiful and bold and proud,
John gasped as his fingers wrapped around Sherlock’s shaft, running up his cock in a long stroke that had Sherlock crying out as if he had been punched. Sherlock collapsed forward against John, clutching at his shoulders as John’s hands ran along him in a touch that would become too good too soon. Sherlock surged forward into John’s fist, moving his hips against John as John’s hand explored him, stroking, pulling, twisting. Sherlock mouthed at John’s shoulder, neck, jaw. Broken sounds were stuttering out of his mouth, moans and gasps and orphaned syllables.
“I’d choose you too, you know,” Sherlock said.
“I don’t think you understand,” Sherlock said. His hands were on John’s face, fingers digging into skin. “I’m dangerous.”
, Sherlock thought.
“When did you know?” Birdy grinned. “That he was the one for you?”
John was about to comment that
Mary popped her head into the loo. “Ten minutes,” she said. “I don’t want to be late. Best not put him off, now that he’s suddenly available.”
“Sherlock,” John said.
.” He gets the lock open with a click and goes to open the door. You put a hand on his wrist.
Anyway, that was the rationale he gave for why he collapsed into Sherlock’s bed and not his own. Sherlock’s was closer. John didn’t even take his shoes off. He was asleep almost immediately.
John released Sherlock from his grip, lifting his arm from around Sherlock’s chest and rolling away, turning his gaze towards the ceiling. He wrapped his arms around his own bare chest, grasping at himself instead of Sherlock. He had gotten his answer, after all. The one answer he feared so deeply he had never even dared ask the question. “I suppose we are,” he said. And they were. Finished.
to have it hidden, anyway”
Sherlock shook his head. “I merely exercise restraint,” he said.
John finished his pint in a heavy gulp. “Yep,” he said.
“Why wouldn’t I?” he asks against your skin, his voice so low it should be bloody illegal. “Why wouldn’t I want my mouth on the thing that ought to have killed you? It’s like tasting God.”
Sherlock was back to his investigation of the social media pages of the various victims when John came to bed. He had John’s laptop sitting on the bed, shuffling through several different pages in a manner that made John’s head spin.
“Jesus,” John muttered.
And I never gave it any thought,
Mary always had more than a few things to say about John’s post-case odor. He had taken to getting into the shower immediately after returning home just to avoid the eyebrow-raises and little comments. Not that he blamed her—his work with Sherlock had him in some disgusting places more often than not, and breaking a sweat seemed mandatory.
“You were smiling,” John said. “You were smiling at my breakup. You’re
The drone moves through the lobby smoothly, dodging support beams and ceiling fans with ease. Whoever is operating the thing is fairly skilled at it, and the little machine barely wobbles as it is steered through the air.
The Detective Inspector blinked, turning the flash drive over in his fingers. “I…”
“An Trá Bhán,” Claire said, gesturing down at the beach. “The White Strand. Not sure if the weather is ever warm enough for a proper sunning, but it’s the closest thing to a beach day you’ll get out here.” She looked at the two of them sternly. “No swimming, though. Too dangerous. The currents are too strong, they’ll sweep you right away. And—like I said—the next spot of land is in North America.”
In retrospect, he remembered the sound. Three little beeps, a tiny electronic noise that would have gone completely unnoticed were the room not so quiet. In the moment, John barely had time to register it. His brain, sluggish from sleep deprivation and haphazardly sorting through words, had barely enough time to work its way around the little beeps and suggest to his body that some sort of danger might be approaching.
John knelt down beside Sherlock just as Sherlock pinched at the wool surrounding the laceration down the sheep’s middle, lifting and revealing the disturbed innards. A swarm of flies swept out and John felt his usually-iron constitution falter somewhat. He was suddenly glad for his lack of breakfast.
It was John’s smile that had done it, there at the end. Brought it all screaming back.
Sherlock tucked his head low, moving his mouth along John’s neck. It wasn’t a kiss, but his lips grazed John’s skin all the same. John’s arms moved around Sherlock’s shoulders on instinct. He could barely keep his eyes open, but he supposed it worked to his advantage. He was meant to look like the remains of an angry boyfriend, ready to forgive his partner of all his wrongdoings. At this point, John was doing little to no acting.
John said. He weaved his hand into Sherlock’s hair, stroking at his scalp in a manner that would put Sherlock to sleep in under five minutes.
It was when Mycroft started worrying that Sherlock wondered if his mental health wasn’t getting objectively questionable. In the three months since Sherlock returned from exile, Mycroft ordered four drugs searches in his flat. They turned up nothing, of course. For once, Sherlock was convinced that being high wouldn’t solve his problems, seeing as being high didn’t exactly prevent Mind Palace John from showing up and reminding Sherlock, in no uncertain terms, precisely how he felt and how heartbreakingly futile the situation was. Staring at the ceiling, completely sober, was mind-numbingly dull, but at least Sherlock didn’t feel like he’d had his ribs cracked open afterwards.
Don’t toss me in a box, don’t keep me
“She…” John was doing his best not to stare at Sherlock’s arse, “what?”
“Is that likely?” John asked.
“That’s not it,” John said, dodging a shoe as it bounced off the wall.
“I want to trek the whole of the island today,” Sherlock said. “Get a feel for the territory.”
“Sherlock...” John started.
Lucy said nothing. She blinked her eyes closed as John scratched behind her ears.
*           *           *
“Yes,” John said, his voice stuttering nearly imperceptibly. “Yes you did.”
“I wasn’t
Sherlock pressed himself against John’s back, biting at John’s ear. “Not nearly as long as I have,” he whispered.
the one who leaves, not me. Always you. Never me.”
” John muttered, pulling at the journal with rather more force than he would have thought he needed to retrieve an object from the grip of a small dog. “Fitz.
while people’s hearts went black with fear,
kiss me down in Regent’s Park,
dreams, he would think of them as, and leave it at that. They got particularly bad around the time Irene Adler reared her ridiculously-coiffed head; for a while there, John dreaded going to sleep, knowing he was only to wake up an hour or so later with a confusing erection and a head full of profanity. They always waxed and waned, though. He could manage.
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock,” John growled. He peeled his sopping jacket off himself and hung it on a hook by the door, where it proceeded to drip onto the floor. “Do you just forget I’m there until you need me?”
Sherlock nodded against him, but he didn’t feel all right. He was shaking and tight as a wire behind John, his breaths still coming in as whimpers.
Sherlock still wasn’t blinking very much. “You don’t have to,” he said.
Sherlock switched off the light but seemed to have little interest in sleeping. He perched on his bed, knees up to his chest, and buried himself in his mobile, tapping and scrolling frantically. John’s body was fading on him fast, but he couldn’t help glancing up at Sherlock, watching his face in the glow of his mobile. Sherlock looked as he did when intensely focused on a case, brow furrowed, eyes intent, the whole of him like a hawk scanning a field for the tiniest bit of prey.
a hundred forty years!
him to be any more convincing.
You shudder underneath him and he’s a storm of lips and tongue and teeth, moving from your scar to your chest, your collarbone, your neck.
John sighed. He ran his hands over his face.
“Murdered by a human,” Sherlock said.
John found himself a bit fixated on the knowledge that his wife, apparently, spoke Polish and knew how to drive a motorbike.
“Um.” Lestrade studied John, as if trying to determine if he was serious. When he saw that he was, he did his best to affect a neutral facial expression. He did a rather poor job at it. “No reason,” he said. “So…” He gestured vaguely in the direction of wherever Sherlock was off to, causing chaos. “So you two…you aren’t…” He waved a palm in the air in a manner that he seemed to think communicated something.
Right.
Sherlock’s eyes fell to his teacup as well. “Oh,” he said.
John ran along the path, moving towards the edge of the cliff. He stopped once he got as close as he could to the sharp edge of the island, crouching low as he peered down the steep drop into the angry waters below. With the waves crashing against the sheer rocks of the island every few moments, there was no way to tell if the waters had been disturbed. John couldn’t see any blood, but the foam might have been churning a bit too much to tell.
“You can drop the sarcasm whenever you’d like,” John said. “I agreed to the thing, didn’t I?”
The locks in the upstairs windows were broken when they arrived home.
Lestrade nodded. “Yeah,” he said. You did.”
but John must have misheard her because he and Sherlock certainly did
“A very good boy,” Sherlock said. “Now…” he reached out a hand for Declan’s journal and sunk to his knees in front of Fitz after John handed the crumpled thing to him. “This is a long shot. But let’s see what you can do, Fitz.” He held the journal underneath Fitz’s nose, allowing him to get a good sniff.
“I didn’t always know,” Sherlock said, words flying from his mouth without checking with him first. “Right after, I didn’t remember either. I didn’t take advantage, you have to know—we were both very… I wouldn’t have ever…” He shook his head. “Not relevant. If I had remembered right after, I would have... Well, I don’t know. I didn’t choose to remember. But at your wedding, after the dance, right when you found out about the baby, you smiled at me and… It doesn’t matter.” Sherlock paused, tried to organize the words spilling out of him. “And then you were married,” he said. “You and Mary. And...and Rosie on the way. And I...I couldn’t. I’m sorry.”
“For the record,” John said. “And I know it’s not the same. But I was lonely too, you know. After you… When you were dead.”
“Most of the time,” John said.
Sherlock sat at the kitchen table when John reached the flat, scrutinizing something in his microscope that looked to be a very,
,” you say. “Not even close.”
John had just enough time to wonder if he ought to get his gun out of his jacket when the bullets started raining in.
“I understand why,” Sherlock said. His eyes were growing red along the edges. “Why you did what you did. But if you had… If I hadn’t gotten to you…” He shook his head. “I can’t. I couldn't have. You were only gone for a moment and I don’t know how I survived even that.
drugs.” He removed his hand from Sherlock’s hair and it felt rather like a knife being pulled from a stab-wound. “And you know that.”
“What for?” John asked. “Do you think the killer has cameras across the town? He’s supposed to be back at our flat, right? Breaking locks so he can murder us later?”
I love you, my dear idiot.
Sherlock ran his hands along John’s sides, his hips. He looked down at John with reverence. “What else would you be?”
John stood over him, arms crossed over his chest. John wasn’t a single-celled organism, not in the literal sense, anyway. He still had arms that folded and a chest that expanded and a mouth that twisted at its side and eyes that looked down at him with a hint of crystal concern.
“Right,” Claire said. “I’m going to go check on Conor, then.” With that, she took off back across the field, heading for the little white houses in the distance.
enough. He worked another finger into himself, his mouth dropping open at the added stretch. It was closer, this, but still not enough. He slid his fingers in and out of his arse, setting a slow pace, wishing to Christ he could feel the sturdy warmth of Sherlock’s body against him. Groin slapping against John’s arse. Fingers digging into John’s hips. John shifted the angle of his fingers slightly, trying to push deeper. He cursed, whimpered. He needed this so badly right now.
are. But. I have questions about the third thing.”
“Yeah,” John said. His eyes remained defiantly closed. “That sounds about right.”
You wake up to a chiming noise. His mobile going off. He’s sliding out of bed, slipping out of your arms and everything feels cold. The light has dimmed considerably in the room—it’s dark outside. The two of you must’ve slept for a while, then.
“Yeah,” John said. “She just learned how to count to twenty, and her accuracy at that is still a bit spotty. I think I’ll wait a few years before I start trusting her opinion on probabilities.”
“No,” he said.
“Right,” John said.
Sherlock said, his voice oozing something venomous,
“Come, husband,” Mary said. “You promised.”
, Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock was grinning madly, his eyes shining.
“I’ll take it under advisement,” Mary said.
business, and Sherlock rested his cheek against John’s temple. The two of them watched Hugh drive off, a cloud of dust kicked up behind his car as he made his way down the long driveway.
efficient, that one.”
“Why do you love me?” Sherlock asked.
“He did,” Rosie said. “The woman chose the cooker in that one too. She could have won a holiday on an airplane if she’d chosen the blue wallet. Boring. Why do grown-ups want cookers?”
Sherlock shifted the angle and his cock slid into John just so and John made a noise that sounded as if he was dying and his legs almost went out from under him.
John cursed, tugging his flies closed and pulling his jumper over his head so quickly his head nearly got lodged in a sleeve. “Mrs. Hudson,” he said through the thick fabric. “I… I didn’t know you’d…”
and to strip away our fears,
“About one o’clock, I’d say,” Sherlock said, looking suspicious.
that casts the world in light!
John blinked. He blinked again. He pressed his eyes shut, then opened them again. He dug his nails into his palm, on the off-chance he was still dreaming.
“I’ve already told you that,” came the voice beside him. “Boring.”
The flames caught on the larger logs and the fire crackled. John sat back, admiring his handiwork. “I wonder if admitting to that caused him internal bleeding,” he said.
“I’m listening,” John said, but he wasn’t. All he could hear was the blood thundering in his ears and his own brain screaming at him to tilt his head to the side, to catch Sherlock’s mouth on his.
, John supposed. Still finding love to be some abhorrent thing, a chemical defect, the epitome of foolishness. Sherlock had gotten himself carried away, as he said, but his senses were quickly returning. John considered that this was all supremely unfair, finding his home but being denied entrance.
“You’d practically take a bullet for Mrs. Hudson.”
“So since we so clearly feel nothing for the other,” Sherlock said, “it stands to reason that any development in emotional connection developed during this case can be attributed solely to an influx in neurotransmitters rather than genuine connection.”
John thought he saw a smile twitch at the corners of Sherlock’s lips, but he couldn’t be sure. “We should head to town soon,” Sherlock said. “Give the serial killer plenty of time to arrange the place to his liking when he comes to murder us tonight.”
Instead, he felt the fingers of his anger—once clutched so tightly to him—lose their grip and slip off. In their stead lay an exhaustion, a hollow, hurt feeling that sucked at his chest and turned his insides sour. He sunk back down onto the sofa, grabbing at the glass of whiskey. He stared at the stained wood of the coffee table, the spilled whiskey slowly drying on the surface. He sighed and it hurt.
else,” Gilly repeated.
“Yeah,” John said, turning his head back towards the ceiling. “I suppose we’re serious.”
John pointed at the wall. “Should I be worried?” he asked.
“Mmm.”
“You’re warm,” Sherlock said. He slipped his other arm underneath John’s waist, tugging him closer. The bed creaked as he did so, the headboard rattling. “Why would I wear clothes when I’ve got you here?”
couples,” he said, with a
Outside of the café, tourists were starting to make their way back down the hill, heading for the harbor to board the boat and return to the mainland. The tourists all looked a bit knackered, the island full of hills having done most of them in. Darren waved a brief goodbye at John as he went to tend to some of the tourists, doing a count and making sure that everyone was accounted for as they ambled their way down the hill. Fitz followed. The café, for the first time in hours, was empty.
“Sounds like they added a third brother to their gang,” John said.
John lowered his mobile from his ear and he could hear it clearer now. Gilly’s ringtone, drifting through his small bedroom. His room was relatively sparse, with few bits of furniture aside from the bed, a nightstand, and a dresser. As such, it did not take John particularly long to deduce that the noise was coming from his closet.
“Your help is not needed,” Sherlock said. His fingers were flying over the keyboard. “I am perfectly capable of solving these little crimes on my own. Your assistance is—and never has been—required. You may relieve yourself of that sense of obligation whenever you see fit and—if it’s not too much trouble—leave me the hell alone.”
island by any means, but John had grown to think of it as such and found himself to be a bit put off by the number of people now making footprints in the dirt, gawking at the seals and getting closer to the sheep than John would prefer.
John swallowed and set his fork on his plate, his appetite well and truly gone, not that it had ever fully arrived. He twirled at his empty wine glass, wishing it were full not nearly as much as he wished the seat across from him was. The other patrons of the restaurant chatted happily around him, chewing and chuckling and cheerful, ignoring the nutter who had been talking to an empty chair for the better part of twenty minutes. The music played on through the speakers, the notes of the violin managing to slide their way into John’s heart like a needle through flesh.
“What did his boat look like?”
“It’s unbelievable,” John said, “what I feel for you. Christ, you’re all I’ve dreamed about for years now. You’ve taken over the whole of my head, the whole of my life, and it’s
John’s other hand drifted to Sherlock’s wrist. He pressed two fingers into his pulse point, counting. “Richard is already in custody,” he said. “We caught him.”
Sherlock nodded. “You’ve seen it the most, I’d say.” His brow furrowed. “A bit odd, that. I always found it odd, how you were always there to see me.”
John stared at him. He blinked.
You did the math once. You walked from your flat to the Tube stop. You walked down the steps and into the station. You waited for the train. You even let a train pass by without boarding, just to give the universe a bit of an advantage. You boarded, rode the four stops until the surgery. Then you walked to the surgery. Nobody spoke to you. Nobody even lifted their eyes to look at you unless you were in their direct path. Nobody saw you, not really. And isn’t that how machines are? They only speak to each other in little ones and zeroes. Beep boop. They only interact with real humans if the human punches in a code, and from what you’ve learned from the chip-and-PINs, some of them have to be punched
bloody helping you, you arse,” he said.
The fire heated the little cottage nicely, filling the room with a flickering glow and the warm smell of burning wood. John’s body, relieved that it was fed and resting for more than a few consecutive moments, slipped into relaxation, sinking into the worn sofa. Eventually, John’s eyes started dropping shut and his head bobbed against his chin. There was no fighting it now.
Nearly.
, Sherlock said.
John thought about laughing and very nearly did. “Did they, now?”
Next to him, Mary made an infuriated noise. She didn’t move, but her groan shook the mattress.
seem. It seemed perfectly normal, Sherlock flipping absently through his mobile as he waited for John to join him in bed, and for a moment it felt as if they had been doing it for years.
“Right,” John said, because that was what he was supposed to say.
“They are intelligent and inquisitive creatures, John,” Sherlock said. “But the point is, the true value of a prize is subjective.”
the St. Claire Bank Robber.”
John felt the dumb smile return to his face again. He knew Sherlock was watching him, smirking at his idiotic amazement at the animals, but he couldn’t be arsed to care. The seals were bloody fantastic, and they were only a few meters away.
Sherlock had given a tremendously kind and heartfelt speech, which sent John’s brain spinning.
” John read. “
John’s head was swimming and his vision was blurred but he pushed himself up onto an elbow and reached out for Sherlock with a blind arm, catching him by the nape of the neck and pulling him down onto John, bringing their mouths together with violence. Sherlock’s hair was damp against John’s fingers and he could taste the salt of Sherlock’s sweat on his tongue and he kissed Sherlock like he was drowning and Sherlock was his only source of oxygen. There was truth to that, John supposed, because for the whole of this week, this month, this bloody
(See the end of the chapter for
The hard sole of his boot came down on John’s throat, slow but forceful, crushing. John felt his throat collapse, his airway restricted. He tried to suck in air. He failed. The man pressed harder.
“You,” John said, “are impossibly sexy when you come.”
Unless it was thundering.
, but John would expect nothing less. Hell, he would
John’s cock was aching. He was so hard he couldn’t think straight. “Sherlock,” he whispered, “are you…?”
squeeze of Sherlock’s hand against John’s cock—and John came with a shout that he was sure could be heard on the bloody mainland. Sherlock’s fingers stayed on him after, loosening but still stroking, tracing John’s semen as it dripped down his shaft. When John shuddered from oversensitivity, Sherlock splayed his fingers across John’s stomach, sweeping his hand in John’s come, holding him close.
John sighed into his teacup. He was about to say that, as usual, he didn’t have the faintest idea what Sherlock was talking about when the room crackled with light and a clap of thunder shot through the island so loudly John could nearly feel it in his bones. He was back in Afghanistan once more and his teacup clattered back to the table, spilling half its contents against the wooden surface.
“‘Course you have.” John’s eyes were growing heavy-lidded. He gestured vaguely at the computer. “You going to finish that?”
“You leer,” Sherlock said. “Your respiration increases by ten percent and you get the faintest of flushes in your cheeks. Not to mention, your trousers—”
“Anyway,” John said, pushing himself away from the counter and towards the stairs. “Goodnight.”
“You’re thinking too loudly,” Sherlock said suddenly. “I can hear it in your footsteps.”
“Well,” John said, “you and I are friends at least—right, Lucy?”
“You don’t want this, John,” Sherlock said. He sounded strained, breathless.
John wasn’t particularly sure what to say to that, but luckily Sherlock continued.
“The trick will be,” Sherlock said, “to get two steps ahead of her instead of one step behind. Unless she decides to stay in one spot for more than a day, we’ll need to be able to predict where she is going and beat her there.” He shook his head. “A clever opponent. Always staying just ahead of us.”
“Please tell my wonderful, kind, if ever so slightly dimwitted John,” Sherlock said, ignoring him, “exactly how misguided he is about this particular—”
you. Not really.
see you,” he says.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nodded again. His forehead was pressed against John’s head, each exhale tickling at the nape of John’s neck.
Sherlock swallowed. He reached a hand into his jumper, tugging out the flash drive from where it still dangled from the rope around his neck. He waved it in the air wordlessly.
John felt his flush grow. “You’re one to talk,” he said, because Sherlock looked bloody perfect on top of him, skin shimmering with sweat, lean muscles standing out on his arms and chest. John could be convinced that if he stared at Sherlock too long he’d go blind, but he couldn’t make himself look away. Sherlock leaned forward and dipped his tongue into John’s mouth in a teasing kiss, giving his hips another roll that had John’s legs shaking around him.
The voice lilted back to him, carried by the wind. For a moment, it almost sounded like the wind itself, and John wondered if he was going mad.
“Jesus
John was a bit too tired and confused to recognize that it wasn’t even a very good lie.
As it turned out, Sherlock’s brain took him to 1895.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock said, sliding the curtain back over the window and stepping to the side. “Although I am reasonably certain we haven’t been followed, I would prefer that we not stay in any one place for an extended period of time, so long as we can help it. As such, it is best if you say what you have to say so that we can get on with it.” His face was a blank slate, devoid of emotion. John thought of empty vaults once more, but that wasn’t quite correct, now was it? It was rather the opposite—the emptiness of Sherlock’s expression only served to hide the fathoms that existed just below the surface.
He runs his fingers over the scar. You can only feel it in parts, some nerve endings dead for good, others barely hanging on.
Yet you’re the thing to leave a scar,
me to smile.” John smacked at Sherlock’s arm.
“Say what?” John couldn’t take his eyes off Sherlock’s mouth. He needed that mouth on him immediately.
in a relationship?” he asked. “Hand-holding. Hugging. The occasional cuddle.”
“Okay. You just saw me three hours ago, then,” John said.
he thought.
Sherlock nodded against him, his breaths loud but slow. Deliberate.
John shook his head. “Absolutely not,” he whispered. “If you insist on charging headfirst at a serial killer, I am coming with you.”
“Yeah,” John said. “That’s why I haven’t read it.”
,” Sherlock says. “Neville has been at large for nearly six months now, and Scotland Yard seems fully incapable of catching the man on their own. So. They’ve consulted me.”
“Only hand-towels in there,” Sherlock said. “They’re a bit...” he glanced down towards the hand grasping the flannel over his groin, the hand John realized was pressed directly against his cock, in an effort to keep the flannel where it was, “small.”
Lestrade laughed, relieved. “That sounds about right,” he said.
The gun dropped from Sherlock’s hand, hitting the ground with a thump.
“It wasn’t right,” Sherlock said. His fingers shook slightly against John’s shoulder. “If it meant leaving you, it wasn’t right. I never should have left you. I never should have had you think I was dead. I should have found another way.”
. However, it wasn’t exactly Sherlock’s mood that had John reasoning it was best he stayed away from Sherlock for a bit.
John sludged back into consciousness with an aching head and something thick crusted over one of his eyes. Blood, he realized. The side of his forehead was wet and throbbing, still gently leaking blood over his brow and into his eye. He blinked, trying his best to work open his eyes. The light flooded into his brain and his head shouted at him. He pressed his eyes shut again.
“Ah,” John said. He certainly had his share of cold showers back in Afghanistan, but that didn’t make the experience any more pleasant. Still, this might be one area in which he had Sherlock—a surprisingly notorious bathroom hog—beat.
“Right,” Sherlock said, turning back towards the first-aid kit.
John complied, tucking his leg towards his chest as smoothly and quietly as possible. The mattress squeaked all the same.
They made it back to their lodgings by the late afternoon, and Sherlock was a bit cranky. Their trip around the island hadn’t gained them anything aside from a lay of the land. It was clear that there was no reasonable spot the sheep-murderer could have docked a boat aside from the main harbor; the whole of the island was made up of stark cliffs that dropped directly into the ocean. It was also clear that there wasn’t any spot on the island for the sheep-murderer to hide out or stay for any extended period of time. The place was a nightmare of hills, and as soon as one hiked even part way around the Cró the wind became vicious.
,” Sherlock said, “
Art by
“Of course, John,” Sherlock said with a little smile. He slipped a hand over John’s thigh, and John realized that Sherlock could say whatever he wanted about trusting people, provided he kept his hand where it was.
You try to form some questions, some bits of inquiry along the lines of
“How about this?” John asked. He was starting to get to the old cases now, ones that probably had already solved themselves. “A woman’s husband up and vanished—just
“Is it because he’s giving them money?”
“How did you learn all this stuff?” John asked once he trusted his voice to sound like him again. “The calming stuff? The bit about bodies and breathing?”
“I still don’t think he likes me very much,” Gilly said.
“I see that,” Mrs. Hudson said, her eyes flitting ever so quickly in their direction. “But the reporters want to talk to you all the same.” She waved her hands in their direction.
“What?” John asked. “You want to go?”
“Are you even listening to me?”
“Ah,” John said. Despite all the time he had to do so, he still had not given any thought to what their fake backstory would be.
“Act naturally,” Sherlock said. “We’re dating.”
He tilts his head to the side. “I prefer to think of them as puzzles. Some of them aren’t crimes, really. Not in the end. They’re just little mysteries someone needs somebody like me to unravel. I unravel them and everyone is happy.” He considers. “Well,
Sherlock. And I’ve got a fucking assassin of a wife—ex-wife, I suppose—and god knows when she’ll be back in town and I have no idea what that’ll be like but I have a feeling it won’t be pleasant. And—as I’ve already mentioned—I am the biggest bloody idiot on the planet and I can’t guarantee I’ll get any brighter overnight.”
John disappeared into the loo and returned with his medical bag tucked under his arm and a bottle of painkillers that Sherlock knew he meticulously counted every day, despite Sherlock’s assertions that he had no intentions of becoming addicted to the things anytime soon. John set his bag on the kitchen table and shook the pills out into his hand.
“And weren’t you just yelling at me earlier for letting the bastard go?”
“Don’t forget, though,” Darren said, “the boat can only make it out here if the weather is agreeable. If there are storms, or if the water is too rough, you two are on your own until it clears up.”
“No,” John said. “No she didn’t. That’s bullshit and you know it, Sherlock.” It was the first time he said it out loud, the first time he even dared himself to think it. But no matter what Sherlock said, John knew Sherlock was wrong about this.
Sherlock rolled on top of the figure, throwing a punch just solid enough to temporarily immobilize the man. He pinned the man’s arms to his sides just as John reached them, the gun pointed fiercely at the man’s head.
The remainder of the afternoon passed with little excitement. Tourists milled about the island, occasionally popping into the café but mostly wandering about the ruins or trying to snap pictures with the sheep. Clouds were starting to gather in the distance, and some of the guests fretted about rain and the condition of the Sound on their voyage back. Sherlock was in and out, leading tours about the island with surprising focus for a man who very likely had one eye out for a sheep-murderer the whole time. The duffel bag with the money sat in the storage room untouched.
It’s a day like all the others, and that is rather the problem.
“Mmm?” John fidgeted slightly in the bed, not fully awake. He nestled into his pillow, determined to remain not fully awake for the foreseeable future.
“Bottom drawer,” John said. “On the right. Trying to get an up-close look at this new sheep?”
“God,” Sherlock breathed. “John.”
“You do too,” John said. “You pretend to be all cool. Arrogant. A brilliant, unfeeling detective. But inside you’re just a big softie.”
“The roof?” John asked. “Barts?”
thinking that I’ll stay.
John walked back to where Sherlock stood. “Yeah,” he said. “Neat, the way it...” he gestured with a finger, “curves at the top like that.”
John thumbed through the papers Mary had completed. Unless there was anything in Mary’s statement that he disagreed with, John had only to sign the acknowledgement of service form and the process would be underway. John doubted there would be anything he disagreed with in the papers.
“Do you think you’ll catch the werewolf?” he asked.
Upstairs in the flat, Mary was staring at the wall Sherlock had littered with details about the upcoming wedding—seating charts and guest lists and menus and what looked to be the medical histories of the wedding party.
“Of course you are,” John said. “You’re a terror and a menace and a madman and I love you so much I can’t breathe from it sometimes.”
“I don’t see him anymore,” Sherlock said. He peered up at the mountain, brows furrowed. He crawled further down the path, then circled back, hands and knees. “He didn’t continue down this way. He didn’t go up the mountain. He…” Sherlock’s gaze landed on the cliffs and in a moment he was on his feet again, striding towards the edge of the island, the spot where the long grass sloped sharply until the land gave way to nothingness.
(See the end of the chapter for
With the tiniest swish of his wrist, Sherlock dipped the needle into John’s skin. John bit off a curse, his hands tightening on the toilet lid.
Mary smiled, a light thing. “No,” she said. “It’s just...Sherlock.”
Tonight’s dream started out normal. John was puttering about the kitchen in Baker Street, preparing to make tea. Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table, doing something or other at his microscope. It all felt very right, just as it should be. Then Sherlock stood up from the table and there was a shift in the air, a sort of stillness that happens just before a storm, right when you can tell something catastrophic is coming.
The silence was shattered by the sound of angry barking.
people—”
” Sherlock cried, darting down the stairs. “I need tools.
“No,” Sherlock said. “I suppose not.” However, there was something in his expression that made John wonder if they weren’t talking about different things.
mean anything to you?”
.” With that, Sherlock hung up his mobile and returned to himself, sitting upright in his chair, the expressiveness of his face slipping back to a blank slate.
“It’s all right,” John said, running a hand over his eyes. “I want to stay awake. Help you.”
John shook his head. “No,” he said. “Don’t you dare say that to me. Not now.”
,” John moaned, rutting his hips up against Sherlock. His cock ached.
“No point in me sticking around the flat,” John said.
“Hello,” John said. “I’ve missed you.”
“And what do
“God is an arbitrary construct invented by humans to ameliorate the distress of their own inevitable and meaningless mortality,” Sherlock said.
He rolled on his side, looking at John. John’s breaths seemed to be slowing, and his face no longer looked quite as strained. Either the paracetamol was finally rising to the challenge, or John’s exhaustion was overcoming all else that was wrong with his body at the moment, steering him towards sleep at last. The lines on his face were starting to fade and his frown was less pronounced and his muscles were slackening and there was no limit, Sherlock realized, to what he would do for this man. He would dive in front of a machine gun to keep John safe, he would rip the bastard who did this to John from his jail cell and tear his limbs from his body, he would find a way to become a bloody sorcerer if it meant that he could have some way to heal John in this instant, to keep his body whole and free from hurt for the remainder of his days. He settled for reaching out and brushing John’s hair away from his face. It was nowhere near enough.
John crawled his way up Sherlock’s body, pausing to place kisses as the mood struck him. He came earlier, Sherlock’s hand wrapped around him as the two were pressed together, hungry mouths moving against the other’s, but his cock was starting to plumpen again, angling against his thigh. John flopped himself at Sherlock’s side, half in Sherlock’s arms, half draped over his chest. He kissed at Sherlock’s slack lips and Sherlock tasted traces of himself on John’s mouth.
) for all of the amazing help with this fic!
~ ~ ~
“John?” Mary asked.
Sherlock, on the other hand, seemed neither bright nor chipper. He also didn’t seem keen on releasing John’s head.
John stepped forward, feeling the metal of Mary’s gun press against his chest. “No,” he said. “You don’t understand. I have to help him. He’ll fall, Mary. He’ll fall.”
he wanted to say to her.
“He said there have been some stranglings,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock lifted himself into kneeling, towering over John’s body and gazing down on him with a look that was half-fascinated, half-wrecked. John kept his hand on him, tightening his fingers and stroking his cock with long, twisting movements. The whole of Sherlock’s body shuddered as John’s palm moved across the head of his cock and he took John into his hand. John’s back arched at the first touch of Sherlock’s fingers against him and he sucked in air as if he were suffocating. God, how he wanted this, needed this. Sherlock’s fingers wrapped around him, squeezing him tight and moving, circling, stroking along the length of his cock and it was too good immediately. John tried to sound out Sherlock’s name but his voice seemed beyond his control at the moment, words coming out in gasps and half-syllables. John moved his hand faster on Sherlock’s cock, setting a rhythm that urged curses out of Sherlock’s mouth.
There were just as many stairs as John remembered, although he climbed them much easier without the hindrance of a psychosomatic limp. He did his best to refrain from touching the handrail as he ascended the stairs—the thing was nearly black with grime, and he saw more than a few multi-legged creatures crawling about. Without the aid of the floodlights from Scotland Yard’s forensics team, the place was filled with shadows, only serving to accentuate the dismal nature of the building.
“A British leprechaun,” Sherlock said. “Don’t know how you managed that one.”
John texted.
John glanced at the spot on the pavement where Sherlock died. “Yeah,” he said. His voice sounded a bit off. He grabbed at the clipboard. He didn’t particularly care about what happened to old buildings, but he was certainly willing to do whatever it took to get this perky woman out of his miserable face so he could have a nice public cry in peace. His pen hovered just over the list of names on the petition when he noticed an address at the top of the sheet. The address seemed so familiar.
“With Molly’s help,” Sherlock said, “I have developed a foolproof algorithm that calculates our ideal alcohol consumption down to the minute.”
Sherlock was studying him. “You were wearing the oatmeal jumper,” he said. “When I said that to you.”
Mrs. Hudson had just stopped by with afternoon tea, and John felt calm and sated. After Mrs. Hudson returned to her flat, John stationed himself at the table in the sitting room, opened his laptop, and cracked his knuckles. The afternoon was quiet. It was unseasonably warm and the sunlight shone through the windows, bringing a sweet warmth to the flat. Rosie was at school and John had the afternoon off at the surgery, giving him nothing but time to write up this last case. That is, if he could think of a title.
“Probably,” Sherlock said, his fingers flying over the keyboard once more. “I certainly wasn’t listening at the time.”
To be even more specific, color photographs of the aforementioned ripped-open sheep, magnified and glossy, covering nearly the entirety of the wall behind the sofa. Sherlock hadn’t spared any expense with the reproduction of the photographs, and the images shone in the early morning sun. Nothing but a full wall of crisp, high-definition, very dead sheep.
“Sherlock,” John said. “What…” he closed his eyes, opened them again, searched for the words, “happened? Just now. What’s happened here? Between us?”
John wasn’t certain if he could handle any increase in physical affection from Sherlock without imploding in some manner. He was barely handling the contact as it were. He rubbed at Sherlock’s back. “I’m sure the serial killer will be by to cut us to bits in no time,” he said.
. You aren’t used to being seen. Just like me.”
“Papa says it’s because they’re idiots,” Rosie said. “I think it’s because they’re American. Papa said it could be both.” She looked to John. “Do you know, daddy?”
“Hmmm?”
Sherlock moved against John, thrusting his hips back into John’s fingers. John held himself still, a hand on Sherlock’s hip as Sherlock moved faster against him, rolling his hips so John’s fingers stroked him just so. Sherlock’s body was pink and trembling, his cock swollen and leaking a string of precome onto the sheets below. A steady stream of moans and cries was flowing from Sherlock’s lips.
“We catch the killer,” Sherlock said. “The papers are calling this one the Holiday Killer, due to the murders taking places in the holiday homes.” He considered. “Not the most creative of names, but on par with expectations regarding the media’s ability to generate ideas.”
Rosie studied them. “Gross,” she said. She turned her attention back to the telly, where a couple dressed as two halves of a horse were discussing whether or not to keep two hundred American dollars or try for whatever was hidden inside a box.
“I’m not going to fall,” Sherlock said. “I’m all right. I can stand.”
John’s head tilted towards Sherlock. “You coming?” he asked.
John looked down at Sherlock’s supine body. “Wouldn’t it be more productive if you were actually looking at the sheep?”
Sherlock shook his head. “Not yet,” he said. His arms were shaking. “I’ll hurt you.”
“Which brings us to our other point of interest,” Sherlock said. “Whoever is responsible for shooting Declan, Declan was familiar with them. Comfortable with them. He had a gun available to him in the very room in which he was shot, but he made no effort to go for it. The jumpers weren’t rifled through. The drawer wasn’t even open. Nothing about the presence of Declan’s murderer made him feel as though he were in danger. You’re cold.”
and I’ll reiterate—
Sherlock exhaled. Inhaled. He opened his eyes, turned his head to watch John as he worked.
“Indeed,” said Sherlock, frowning briefly. He didn’t like not knowing things. He shrugged it off. ”Regardless, I have a feeling we’ll have plenty more opportunities to gather fresh data while we’re here. Or,” Sherlock considered, “not-so-fresh. Depending on one’s perspective.”
John felt his throat grow tight. “It can be fatal,” he said. “Caning. People don’t think so. They think it’s just someone being hit with a stick. But it can be deadly. If there’s too much blood loss. If the wounds get infected.” He swallowed. “If the person is hit too many times.”
we’ll ruin our fair share of flats,
Gilly smiled. She shook her head at him, as if he was the silliest man in the world. “Oh poppet,” she said. “I’ve got eyes everywhere. Come now. You and Sherlock found them, didn’t you? My little eyes all over the cottage?”
The door opened with a rush of steam and heat. John stepped out, a towel loosely wrapped over his hips. His skin was fresh and glistening, little drops of water dotted along his chest. His hair was in a spiked disarray. He smelled clean, familiar. Sherlock knew that if he pressed his hands to John’s skin, he would be hot to the touch.
John clenched his fists and wished he could snap each of his fingers in half. He’d deserve it.
Sherlock propped himself onto an elbow, staring down at John with a serious expression. “Because you’re so appallingly slow at figuring all of this out,” he said, “I think I’d best explain a few of the next bits to you. I fear waiting for you to come to the conclusion on your own will take catastrophically long, and the information is simply too important.”
—is the most significant moment of your life. And you invaded Afghanistan.
Sherlock was still shaking his head behind John. “It’s not all right,” he said. “I can’t lose control like that with you. Not again. Not when you don’t want…” He swallowed. “I can’t.”
am danger, John,” Sherlock said. “Me. This life I lead. Don’t you see?” He seemed frantic, wild. “I can’t stop you being hurt, being in danger, being killed. The men I tangle with will target you, attack you, tie you up and throw you into boats time and time again. Strap Semtex to your chest. Aim a sniper rifle at you. I’ll always try to save you, John. I promise. I’ll try until I bleed.” He placed a hand over John’s chest, as if checking for his breath, a heartbeat. “But I’m not a superhero. I’m human. I’ll fail. I almost failed, just now.”
, John thought.
you’re the scars I’ll never lose—
” he shouted.
“So,” John said, feeling as if he should fill the obtrusive silence that fell between the two of them. “I just… You being willing to help right now… I know that we…” He cleared his throat. “I just wanted you to know…”
“This is preposterous,” Sherlock said once he and John were handcuffed in the back of the police car. Or at least he tried to say this; the word
he reminded himself.
Sherlock made some sort of half-curse, half-yell and punched at a wall. “Bloody
“Um,” John said. “No. No, I can’t see why you worry. Um, what exactly do you mean by—”
. It was the answer nobody believed. It was also the answer that only John ever delivered, as Sherlock maintained a stony silence on the subject. No wonder nobody believed it, John thought, when only one of them attempted any sort of denial, and that denial was outlined in something that felt oddly like disappointment.
“You and I have been seeing each other for about a year, isn’t that right?”
“What’s the plan for today, then?” John asked.
Sherlock buried his face in John’s neck. He carried on laughing, sharp puffs of air tickling at John’s skin. It was infectious; John had to fight against the smile creeping over his face.
Sherlock was on the ground again, searching for footprints. He was perched at a steep angle, his head pointed towards the cliffs, nothing but the palms of his hands and fabric of his trousers keeping him from slipping into the sea. “He couldn’t have vanished. He’s not that clever.” He popped to his feet again and plunged forward, climbing along the steep slope of the grass, his feet nearly grazing the edge of the cliff more often than John cared to see.
will think nothing of this body
John shifted in Sherlock’s arms, trying to turn onto his back, to face Sherlock. “Sherlock,” he said. “Let me see you.”
You glance over to the man’s body where it lies crumpled on the floor. You wonder if you should check for a pulse, perform any sort of first aid. However, one look tells you all you need to know. It was a head shot. He is most definitely no longer in need of any sort of first aid.
She had a point, John had to admit, but it didn’t really matter. “You still could have talked to me, Mary,” John said. “You could have communicated with me for one second instead of lying to me at every bloody opportunity.”
The ground beneath him was cold and hard and swaying, a rhythmic undulation, a back-and-forth that was making him a bit nauseous. His head throbbed, dull and angry. He could feel a crust of blood itching on the side of his head, hardened over his eyes.
“Why hide away with your unending supply of meaningless girlfriends, as if you would prefer to be anywhere other than this flat?”
And then John’s mouth was on his.
“Yes you do,” he says. “We’ve established that.”
. “I thought you might invite me up for a nightcap,” he says.
John rolled forward, shifting closer to Sherlock. He kept his movements slow, for fear that Sherlock might dart away. Sherlock stayed where he was.
But his arm was drenched with blood and his shirt was torn and soaked in red nearly past the elbow and he had that slash across his neck dripping in thin rivulets down the pale skin and John could have killed the surgeon right then. He could have slammed the man’s head into the floor, clenched his fingers around the man’s neck, sent his fists wailing into the man’s skull until nothing remained but a pulp. He could have pressed the muzzle of his gun to the surgeon’s forehead and pulled the trigger, of course, but a quick death was too good for the man. John would have started at his kneecaps.
“And a flannel too,” John called after him. “To set the bag on.”
“That,” John said, “was…” He shook his head. “That wasn’t…” He shook his head again, the words just out of reach.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “You’ll like the loo first, I suppose?”
John tried to piece together the bits of memory he collected to form an accurate evaluation of the evening. “Yes,” he decided. “I think. It’s a bit of a blur, actually.”
Sherlock said nothing. He held John’s hand delicately, carefully—as if no longer certain he was allowed. John squeezed at Sherlock’s hand.
“We’re…” you are particularly hung up on that word he just used:
A hand landed on John’s forearm, warm, gentle. Long fingers draped over the curve of his skin, a thumb stroked at his arm once, slowly. It was enough to tug his brain back from Afghanistan, but not quite enough to bring his body along. John opened his eyes and stared at Sherlock’s hand, forcing himself to breathe through his nose. His fists clenched, and he felt the muscles in his forearms tense and shake underneath Sherlock’s palm.
“You know,” Sherlock said. “Over half of the comments on my blog post agree with my position. By your logic, that means you ought to switch from your original argument. You have a higher probability of being correct.”
“He’ll have things to do to prepare beforehand,” Sherlock said. His lips were against John’s cheek, scratching against his morning stubble. “Cut phone lines. Dismantle the locks on the windows. We’ll have to leave the cottage for most of the day. Go into town. Give him time to work. Give him time to think he’ll have us trapped.”
John shook his head. “A sheep,” he said. “I’m talking to a sheep.” He stood. Time for a shower. And he definitely,
for Christ’s sake. Why the hell would I want to remember it?”
Sherlock, of course, didn’t respond.
The world faded in and out of perception in broad strokes of browns and yellows. Consciousness drifted back gingerly and skittered away as soon as it was noticed, a frightened mouse. When light was so bold as to touch the walls, it did so without conviction and left little of an impact. As such, there was much of the room that was left to the imagination, which seemed to be a positive thing, as the reality of the room—with its graffiti and dubious stains and obvious signs of damp and decay—was not particularly pleasant to behold. Imagination could take over and produce something different. Not necessarily better, but different. A quality of optical illusion hung about, a skepticism regarding whether one’s perceptions were accurate, whether it was a rabbit or a duck sitting just in front of you. It was all a touch unreal. There was a haze to the lot of it, a vague sense that, although there was still a high probability that at least most of everything was real, there was also a smaller yet definite chance that nothing at all was real. Sherlock liked those odds.
Gilly shrugged. “The two of you were trying to find me,” she said. “I thought I’d pop in. Say hello. It’s quite rude not to at least make an appearance when you’re invited somewhere.”
“How long have you been together?” the other asked.
at…?” John was sputtering again, words coming out in chunks. “I don’t… And he
Sherlock’s bags dropped to the floor in a heap and he strode from the room with force, leaving John to correct the situation by his lonesome. John pressed his eyes closed, sensing that Sherlock’s strop from earlier in the day had returned.
“Off,” Sherlock growled, taking his hand from John’s cock just long enough to slide his pants down his body. He ripped at John’s pyjamas, pushing them to his knees with a rough fist. Sherlock was momentarily still, his hand running over the swell of John’s arse. Then John heard a wet noise—Sherlock spitting into his palm, rubbing the saliva over his own cock. For a moment, John wondered if Sherlock was about to fuck him, to pull him close and push inside practically dry, only spit as lubricant. John was floored to find that he would have let him, would have spread his legs and held himself open for him, would have begged him for it. It might’ve hurt but John found that he didn’t give a shit at the moment. John was barely functioning, his brain was swirling and flickering out of use, his body was hardly within his control anymore, and he
—who doesn’t care for you half as much as Sherlock does—and breaking that poor man’s
“Of sorts,” he says.
“Right,” Mary said. She seemed to be weighing her next question carefully. “And do you
It only got worse from there. All plausible deniability that it was Sherlock in his dreams had vanished, as it was now Sherlock on top of him with John's legs flung over his shoulders, gasping down at him with a pained expression as John moaned beneath him. It was Sherlock on his knees in front of John, looking up at him through his eyelashes as John’s cock was buried deep in his throat. It was Sherlock’s mouth on his, shoving John against a wall and grinding a thigh between his legs until John was a shuddering wreck, nearly coming in his pyjamas once again. He didn’t wank—he
” Sherlock shouted.
Sherlock made another whimpering noise into John’s hair. He sunk his nose further against John’s scalp. His face felt wet.
As soon as they stepped out of the car, Sherlock’s expression softened back into his shamming-boyfriend face. He held out his hand for John.
“What time?” John mumbled against Sherlock’s neck. His eyes were still closed, and his voice was heavy with sleep.
“You’re sure Hugh isn’t the killer?” John asked. “He seemed awfully suspicious to me.”
“That’s…” Your mouth is hanging open. “My flat.”
Sherlock was so stiff he was nearly shaking. He seemed to be trying with all his strength to keep his breaths slow, steady. He didn’t seem to be doing a good job at it.
“No,” John said. He had questions, countless questions. None of them, however, were about tomorrow.
The larger man sent a kick against his hip. “Settle down,” he said.
That happens when you clean.
“Doctor Watson was sick,” Conor giggled.
Sherlock said.
“Sod it,” John said. “I’m too bloody cold for this.” He stomped up the stairs to his room. His skin was pruning under his wet clothes and he thought he might never get warm. He could use a shower, but the idea of getting even wetter was off-putting. In his room, he peeled his frigid clothes off his body, throwing them in a pile in the corner. He rubbed his hands on his arms, took several deep breaths.
injury. I’ll have to go to the station tomorrow, though.” He wrinkles his nose. “Not sure
The two moved forward—John was a bit faster now that he was on flat ground—halting once they walked through the sitting room of the flat.
inconvenient time for a serial killer to arrive.
Sherlock tilted his head back towards John. He smiled at John, a sweet, sad thing. John shook his head.
rather chilly up there, and incredibly boring.”
“It wasn’t a mistake, John,” Sherlock said.
. The ones who knew anything about Sherlock also agreed that the story made quite a bit of sense.
It might have all been much more manageable with Sherlock if it weren’t for the dreams, which were really starting to get out of hand as of late.
“You don’t know a goddamn thing either,” John said.
John’s fingernails dug into his hands. He bit at his cheek. His brain was screaming at him, but he willed it quiet. He had lines, or at least he used to.
“That line of inquiry is irrelevant,” Sherlock said. “Isn’t it? It doesn’t much matter how you feel, or how I feel, does it?”
He laughs too and folds in against you, body pressing flat to yours, his mouth an open smile, and
,” he choked, some plea that he couldn’t have put words to if his life depended on it, begging for something he couldn’t even identify but needed with the whole of himself. “
Still, the island, John had to admit, was impressive-looking. Save for a skinny strip of white sand set off to the side, the entire island seemed to be a mountain, green and towering out of the sea, sloping edges giving way to a periphery of nasty-looking cliffs that dropped straight into the angry waves. There didn’t seem to be a piece of flat land on the whole of the island, and John couldn’t imagine how anybody could have built a home on such a place. Still, there were little dots of houses further up the island;
“So,” John said. “I’m not saying that what you did here was excusable, because it certainly wasn’t. And I’m not saying that you haven’t done plenty to fuck over our marriage, because you certainly have. But even if you hadn’t done any of those things,” John shook his head, “we never would have worked, Mary. I was never going to be entirely yours because I didn’t come to you that way.”
And that’s how John spent the remainder of January twenty-ninth, 2013—sitting peacefully on the roof, ignoring the cold and the spin of the city around him, looking up to the heavens with a bewildered smile on his lips and the faint notes of an old song tinkling through his head.
people—”
In retrospect, John knew he should have done much more.
Sherlock hadn’t said a word to John since they left the passenger boat, but John caught Sherlock glancing at him. Sherlock gave him a little nod.
“I…” John started. The gun was more than a little distracting.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nodded. “All right,” he said. His eyes remained on his teacup.
Sherlock rolled on top of John and the kiss grew deeper. John dug his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and worked his mouth open and kissed him as if it was a matter of urgency, as if he was trying to perform some sort of life-saving maneuver. Sherlock thought he might die from it all the same. He shifted and the two were pressed together nearly head to toe, all skin that could be touching blessedly touching. He ground his hips against John’s. It hadn’t been particularly long since the both of them came, but Sherlock was desperate for John’s hands on him once more, a desperation that felt like physical pain. He was hard again, so hard he could barely understand it, and when his cock nudged against John’s he nearly forgot how to breathe.
“I hate Christmas,” Sherlock said.
“You look like a gift after it’s been unwrapped,” Sherlock said. “Crumpled, torn into, ripped to pieces. Evidence of
“Stay,” Sherlock said. His voice was sluggish with sleep.
“Exactly where it was,” Sherlock said. “It was a perfect arm’s reach from the bed.”
“I’ve seen you take someone down with a shoe,” John replied. “Stranger things have happened.”
“Please,” John gasped, moving his hips back on Sherlock’s cock. “Now. Fuck me hard. Sherlock, please.”
If Sherlock slept, it was a blank, dreamless sleep. It felt a bit more like his brain retired completely, taking time away from collecting any new data or consolidating any old data. Sherlock simply stopped, his body doing little else besides carrying on with the basic processes of life. Lungs expanding slowly and blood creeping through veins. That sort of thing.
“Right,” John said. “I forgot. You’re a sheep.” John lifted himself off the ground and walked back towards the cottage, leaving Lucy to graze in peace.
A little moan escaped John’s mouth as Sherlock’s tongue ran along his earlobe. “Sherlock,” he said, noting the way his voice already sounded a little rough, breathy. “Rosie will be pounding on our door at an ungodly hour, excited for presents. Your mother has plans for a Christmas lunch that, for a reason no one can properly articulate, is taking place in the
“You said the Taibhses don’t like witnesses,” John said. “Maybe he wrote something incriminating about them.”
“Shut up,” said John.
John lifted his arm from his face. He tilted his head to look back at Sherlock. “I wish it were,” he said. His eyes glistened in the dim light.
“Hello,” John said.
“Do you have any questions about tomorrow?” he said instead.
no room for frivolities,
label is a bit of a misrepresentation as well,” he said. “They’re not related, so far as I can tell. They just share a vision.”
me? All of my moves were random, the roll of a—”
Sherlock stilled the both of their movements, a grin flickering over his lips. “Here,” he said, licking a thick line up his palm. John was midway through an embarrassing noise of protest when Sherlock nudged forward and wrapped his hands around the both of their cocks. He tightened a pulsing fist around their bases, and he set his other hand to a frantic rhythm along their shafts that had John shuddering and crying out almost immediately.
“Christ, Sherlock,” he whispered. “You have no idea how much I wish…”
He is considering you with fascination. “Nice shot,” he says.
“If I can get him away from that tree,” John said, “do you think you can hit him?
John shrugged. He considered pouring himself a glass, but when he looked up Sherlock had bent over the coffee table, the curve of his arse illuminated by the glow of the candles. John’s blood pressure took a steep dip and he decided it was best he keep his wits about him as well. He placed the bottle in one of the cabinets and focused on dinner.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John called out, clambering after him as quickly as he could without running the risk of crashing into the water. “Careful.”
and raise a glass to being
“I’ve dreamed of you since the day we met,” John said.
lecture.” The tea bags were strewn about the kitchen now, and Sherlock slammed the empty box on the counter. “It’s a tedious deflection.”
Sherlock descended the stairs with an arm full of files, the kind in which he carried case materials. He glanced at the candles but didn’t comment on them. In the dim light, his pale skin seemed bronzed, the flames cutting shadows into the sharp lines of his face. His eyes looked nearly black. He had taken off his coat and suit jacket, wearing only his trousers and button-up. His sleeves were rolled to his elbows and the top button on his shirt had come open, revealing a sliver of pale chest. Even slightly rumpled from the day’s travels, Sherlock still managed to look like some impossible thing, the romantic lead in a movie John would have rolled his eyes at on the screen yet was exponentially more alluring when standing within arm’s reach. John became aware that his breathing had picked up.
“The werewolf seemed to have selected an advantageous bit of cliff to scale,” Sherlock said, nodding dented edges of the island ahead of them. “The way the cliffs tuck into the island shields the climb from the elements somewhat. Perilous, but marginally less so.”
“Um…”
John made a growling noise. He dug his forehead into the counter, not yet ready to stand up and face himself in the mirror. He pounded his fist into the tile. Once. Twice. He sucked in a sharp breath.
I’m smiling perpetually—
going to answer that question. He flipped to the beginning of the notebook again. He forced himself to pay attention. He was
Sherlock’s back was to him. His hands stilled inside the drawer. “What does it keep you safe from, John?”
“I’m not expecting—” John started.
Sherlock nodded. He paused in front of the little circle of stones, hands in his pockets.
Hugh started towards the front door and Sherlock released John, grabbing instead for his hand and interlacing their fingers. He leaned in close to John’s ear, his lips nearly grazing John’s skin.
when I’m free to breathe you in.
“Yes it was,” Sherlock said, pressing a kiss to John’s parted lips.
~ ~ ~
“I’d be a bit more pleased if we weren’t tied up at the moment,” Sherlock said.
“Most certainly,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock felt John’s rumpled hair brush his neck, his body relaxing against Sherlock’s with a deep sigh. Sherlock was still angry about something but he was having difficulty remembering exactly what. His own eyelids were heavy and the world was slow and warm around him. He rested his cheek against John’s head and felt John burrow closer, smiling. Sherlock found himself smiling as well. A kip might be nice, then. He closed his eyes. He could sort all of this out later.
You press yourself closer to the wall, trying to fade into the darkness.
“You’re getting it all wrong, John,” Sherlock said. “You are unsalvageably British.”
“I want this,” John gasped. His hips were rutting against Sherlock’s leg. He had no control over any of it. “More than anything.”
“I could have ripped the both of them limb from limb,” Sherlock said, “for laying even so much as a hand on you.” His tongue darted just over John’s Adam’s apple. “I hope their deaths were painful.”
“You’re a bloody maelstrom of a man,” John said. “You tear everything around you to the ground and force it to grow anew. You’re going to be the goddamn death of me and I hope you are. I love you. More than I’ve ever loved anyone.”
“Right,” John said. “Don’t think anyone who chokes on their own vomit has much say in the matter.”
“It belongs in a bloody calendar,” John said.
“Yeah,” John said, grinding his knuckles into the wood of the table. “Good for him.”
“You want me to keep playing with your hair?” John sounded concerned, like he was adding this to the list of possible post-concussion symptoms.
It was rough and graceless, Sherlock’s lips clenched tight around him, the occasional scrape of teeth as Sherlock sucked him fervently. His hand wrapped around John’s shaft, the skin where his lips couldn’t quite reach. He stroked and twisted, the speed of his hand, his mouth, near frenetic. It was a lot, it was immediately too much, it had John shaking almost instantaneously. He brought his hands to Sherlock’s hair, needing touch, needing something, but Sherlock slapped him away, never slowing his pace. John dug his fingers into the grass at his sides, fingernails sinking into dirt. He needed something to root him to this world—he felt in danger of being ripped away. With Sherlock on his knees in front of him, nothing shielded John from the angry winds screaming in from the sea, the full fury of the Atlantic racing straight from the Americas without stopping. The wind beat at John’s face and ripped the breath from his lungs, and Sherlock’s frantic pace on his cock kept John from going after it. John’s mouth opened and shut like a fish on land, gaping and gasping and never getting air. Tears formed in his eyes, leaked onto his cheeks, were ripped away by the wind. He was frozen, pinned to the mountain, stuck in place by the wind, by Sherlock’s mouth. He could feel himself being broken down, blown apart, roots ripping from the earth, stripped away to nothing, bare and dead.
“All right then,” Sherlock said, taking another sip of his tea as well. John couldn’t be sure, but it seemed as if the corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched upwards around the rim of his teacup just for a moment.
“Yeah,” John said. “I suppose so.” He realized that he had moved quite close to Sherlock and was now nearly pressed along Sherlock’s side. Now that Sherlock’s mobile was off, John had very little reason to be there. He shifted back to his side of the bed, clearing his throat. “Not that we have much room to talk.” He gestured between the two of them. “We aren’t exactly being honest at the moment, either.”
it. He felt as if he was the best version of himself, that he and the war were oddly perfect for each other, offering up exactly what the other needed. The bullet that took John away from all that was heartbreaking. Medicine never felt quite as wonderful afterwards.
Adams’ brow furrowed. “What?” she asked.
John smiled against Sherlock’s fingers. “I wouldn’t go
“I am merely noting,” Sherlock said, the drag of John’s needle starting to pull the breaths from his lungs in a crude manner, “that any attempts to understand the mind of a game show host are futile to the point of being laughable.”
Sherlock nodded, breathless.
is due to my John for single-handedly taking out the both of them.”
“We certainly will,” John said.
“Did you make note of its identification number?”
Kiss me through the dark, where
“If you were right on your first guess,” John said. “Then you shouldn’t switch.”
His brow furrows. “Was that not clear?”
Sherlock stretched a leg out in front of him. His hips complained. “You save me too, John.”
He sat up, answering in a panic.
“About six kilometers from tip to tip,” Sherlock said. “A speedy hike around the island should take about three or so hours, but I want to be thorough, of course.”
, Mary. Do not tell me another one of my relationships has ended because of Sherlock bloody Holmes.”
he did—and pulled it from his pocket with shaking fingers. He considered what sorts of deductions Sherlock might make from the number of attempts he needed to get the key into the lock, scratching metal against metal. He dismissed the thought and shoved the door open.
“So,” John asked, “are we investigating the dead human too?”
“Of course,” Sherlock said. He’d remembered John’s hands on him as he cleaned him up, applied a stitch or two. He’d remembered John’s brow pinched and his jaw set, looking at him with an expression that Sherlock had yet to understand.
"What are we supposed to do," John asked, "now that this has happened?" He looked as if he very much expected Sherlock to have an answer.
Sherlock sent a flurry of texts while he was at the shop, gathering food for them for the first time in John’s recollection.
“I don’t care what you do,” Sherlock said, although from John’s angle it looked as if he said it to the sink.
“Um,” John said. “Not exactly sure.”
John pressed his eyes closed. He sighed. He rubbed at the bridge of his nose. “If Mrs. Hudson knew about this,” he said, “she would bloody faint from joy.”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed, a hurt expression crossing over his face. John couldn’t believe he felt a pang of guilt for insulting a figment of his own imagination.
Art by
“There’s a dim-sum place on Baker Street,” he says. “Stays open until two. Quite good. You’ll like the pork dumplings, of course.”
The man sighs. His eyes leave you and you find yourself missing them, of all the ridiculous things. “I can give you your seven pounds back,” he says, “if that will make it all
John made a fumbling attempt at cleaning himself off and the handkerchief was tossed to the side, where it landed on top of the condom. John sank back against the wall, finally on his way to catching his breath. Sherlock’s legs felt as if they were recently removed of their bones and he could feel the exhaustion of the evening creeping in from all sides, the world dull and fading around him. He had a wordless glimmer of a thought that perhaps he and John ought to find a way back to Baker Street but then John smiled up at him, a beaming smile that erased every thought Sherlock had in his head. Sherlock stepped into John’s body and cradled that smile in his hands.
“Over,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock grumbled. “Read me another one,” he said.
Sherlock said nothing, because of course John already knew the answer. They both did. The rush of water screamed behind him. The whole world was freezing and John’s body, so close to his, was the only warm thing.
“Keep your eyes open,” Sherlock said. “Just in case.”
*           *           *
“You preach the value of sentiment,” Sherlock said, “but remain completely incapable of sharing in it with another person. You’ve maintained a therapist for several years without telling her anything of value about your inner processes. You keep a handful of friendships with so-called
John sat up on the bed. He twisted, cracking his back, and looked around at the devastation of their bedroom. “We’d best change these sheets later,” he said.
The kitchen looked like a crime scene, evidence of a struggle. The table was shoved to the side and one of the chairs had been tipped over. Cups and containers and beakers were knocked on their sides, rolled out of place. There was broken glass everywhere.
People have their habits,
“He has,” the man says. “He’ll take a Newcastle.” It’s what you were drinking before. It’s what you order every time you come here.
Sherlock cleared his throat when they separated, the effort of regaining his composure written across his face. “Another tour awaits,” he said, his accent back. “I’ll keep my eye out for any troublemakers. You’ll do the same?” He lifted his eyebrows.
“With the Islanders,” John said, starting to grow a bit dizzy. “But. There are no Islanders on the Blasket Islands. That’s what I was saying. Nobody has lived here since—”
With the hill towering behind John, he had nowhere to move. He glared up at Sherlock. “A hell of a lot more than you,” he said. “I’m not the one who faked his death, remember? I’m not the one who planted a bloodied corpse on the pavement for his friend to see. So don’t stand here and act like you’re the patron saint of honesty, you dick. We both know it’s a goddamn lie.”
Sherlock didn’t move.
Cooking.
Sherlock swallowed. “And I don’t trust myself,” he said. “Not around you.”
his expression said.
“And then let’s say,” Sherlock continued, “that the criminals opened up one of the three doors...”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, his voice already growing slow with sleep. He could feel himself starting to drift again, echoes of John’s voice filling his mind.
,” Angelo cried as soon as he spied John outside of his restaurant. “How wonderful to see you!” He had John by the elbow and was dragging him inside before John could utter a word of protest or even a simple
“Can I?” he whispered. His hand hovered just over Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock might have felt the heat from him, close but not touching.
While this city does nothing to save us,
So far, Will was nowhere to be seen. Darren hired some other bloke from the mainland to drive one of the boats and manned the other boat himself. He stopped by the café shortly after the tourists unloaded, checking in on John and Sherlock with a worried expression.
part of that plea. Nowadays, you’re not so certain about the
“Try again,” Sherlock said. “This time, speak from the front of your mouth. Speak like you’re trying to kiss me.”
What’s a woman to do with the madness of men?
Sherlock shifted back, sitting on his heels, and pulled John into his lap, John’s thighs pressed tightly around him, knees braced on the mattress. John gasped at the shift in angle but then Sherlock’s mouth was on his, an urgent kiss, all tongues and breath. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, pulled their chests together. He thrust upwards into John and John moaned against his mouth. Sherlock set a slow rhythm, pushing into John with careful, shallow strokes. John’s fingers dug into Sherlock’s shoulders and he started moving, meeting each of Sherlock’s thrusts. Sherlock could feel John’s heart pounding against him, his chest expanding into Sherlock’s with each gasp he took. John’s eyes were pressed shut and he panted into Sherlock’s mouth, no longer able to return his kisses once again. Sherlock mouthed and bit at John’s lips.
dreams in a rather more amorous mood, and more than once Sherlock found himself barely awake before John’s hands were on him and his mouth was traveling down Sherlock’s body. Sherlock had very little to complain about.
LUCY LIVES!
“It’s just that it’s been a long time,” John said, “that I’ve wanted…” he gestured in the general direction of the loo, where Sherlock currently still was. “You know.”
him move, they were moving together. John was buoyant, he floated. He brought Sherlock along, pulling him upwards, carrying him out of the depths of the water, closer to the light. John always brings him closer to the light, it’s what John does. Sherlock didn’t have eyes yet but he could still see it somehow—the light shining off John—and it was piercing and white and blinding and drawing him closer and closer and closer. There was so much light up there on the surface, and oxygen. Too much oxygen, and Sherlock didn’t know if he could breathe yet. It might hurt. But John was taking him to the surface and Sherlock was ready to feel something.
“Do you see it?”
“Yes you do,” John said. “I haven’t seen it in a while. Not since the strangler we had last fall. It’s nice to see it again.”
“It’s fine,” John said. “Quiet. Nice neighbors. Low crime.”
These weren’t things that he thought about as he watched Sherlock tip off the edge of the roof, of course. These thoughts only came to him after, a long line of hindsight that kept him awake at night and colored his dreams with blood. In the moment, John could think of very little. His mind was a screaming white panic. The only word he knew was Sherlock’s name.
“Conor,” Darren said, “Mister Holmes might not prefer to be peppered with questions.”
John nodded, trying his best to appear jovial despite the fact that the whole of him was shaking and weak and he felt like a complete arse. “Not usually seasick,” he said, his voice a tremulous rasp. He tried at a smile. It didn’t work.
John lifted a hand to rub at Sherlock’s back. The ropes were still tight around his wrists, but it looked like the ties that bound his arms together had been roughly severed. By Sherlock, no doubt. The tape was off his mouth too, John realized. His lips felt raw. John moved his legs slightly. His ankles were still bound. He could feel water lapping along his legs and underneath his back as the waves washed onto the shore. Sherlock was halfway in the waves as well, barely noticing as the water ran into the legs of his trousers.
On the screen was the rental listing for a quaint stone cottage, the kind any tourist might jump at the chance to stay in, the kind that John knew would be a bit cramped and drafty inside. He clicked through the pictures on the website. “Looks nice,” he said. He checked the location of the cottage. Keswick. “Are we going on holiday, then?”
He ran his fingers along another scar—this one spanning the length of Sherlock’s shoulder blade—and wished he could make it vanish underneath his touch.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered, something like mischief. “Perhaps someday you will,” he said.
“Sherlock,” John said, “how on earth are we going to figure out where she went? Her note said that all of her choices would be at random. The roll of a dice. She could be literally anywhere right now. And I doubt even your homeless network spans the entirety of the planet.”
So if you cannot stay with me
Lucy said nothing. She pressed her head against his touch.
And John stayed.
The room you’re in is dark and empty—perhaps a room that was meant to be a bedroom were people to call this flat a home instead of using it to rob banks. Sherlock is nowhere to be found. You move towards the door, gun out in front of you. The rest of the flat is dark, but there is a light on somewhere, you can tell.
had interested others approach him, but he was so used to being the one to make the first move most of the time that her advances took him by surprise. When she asked for his number, he found himself giving it to her without even realizing what he was doing.
John barely had time for his brain to connect any lines before a young man was upon him. The man wore a money-pouch and held a crumpled map in his hands. He looked cheerful, happy to be lost.
“So,” he asks, his eyes leafing through the room. “Who would it have been tonight? That woman at the table with her two work acquaintances, unable to get a word in edgewise and just gagging to give her peers something to
“With a hammer,” John said. “I’m going to beat Mycroft’s meddling little rat brain in with a hammer. It’ll feel lovely.”
Still, you keep praying until you fall asleep.
At this point, the restaurant was fairly empty, all but a few patrons remaining at sparse tables. The waiter hadn’t been by in a while, likely preoccupied with tidying up the place for the night. Nobody in particular was around for them to trick into thinking they were a couple. And yet, they carried on holding hands long into the night.
Sherlock’s gaze was intense, the glare of high beams through glass. “What do you think?” he asked.
John could feel a cold panic screeching through his veins. He tugged at the restraints, barely noticing the rope dig into his skin. “Gilly,” he begged. “
you to follow the St. Clair Bank Robber around?”
(boom: https://arwamachine.tumblr.com/)
“No it isn’t.”
“Indeed,” Sherlock said.
John tilted his head towards Sherlock. “In no version of reality do you owe me an apology, Sherlock.”
“I wouldn’t have offered if I wasn’t,” Sherlock said. He shifted himself to his side, rolling so his back faced John as he slid under the blankets. “Just put the bedside table back in the morning.”
In retrospect, he ought to have done that a while ago.
John’s hand flexed against the mattress, an instinctual movement that at the moment seemed to be causing him a bit of discomfort. “Probably stupid,” he said. “Looking back on it. And Lestrade had a thing or two to say to me about it. But. In the moment…” John shrugged.
“So what are you doing here?” you ask.
Sherlock tilted his head against John’s cheek, nipping at his jaw as he typed. “
John peeled the bandages off and Sherlock stifled a wince as the material slid over his skin. John inspected the bandages carefully, ever the doctor. There was still drainage, but less so. Sherlock reminded himself that he was healing, although it certainly did not feel like it at the moment.
“Nope,” John said.
“Fitz has got Declan’s journal,” John said, still trying to wrest the thing from a very excited and surprisingly strong Fitz.
Just over three months in and he was used to it at this point. It was how he tended to wake up at ten o’clock, and then again just after midnight, and then again at three in the morning, and then again at six, although by that point he was up for the day. It was Rosie’s favorite way to wake up—screaming.
To the camera, it likely looked like a tender moment, one lover apologizing to another with his body, with kind looks and soft touches. It was convincing, what Sherlock was doing. If any of this were real, John would have forgiven Sherlock ages ago. Hell, he would have forgiven Sherlock when Sherlock first wrapped his arms around John’s chest. What was happening now seemed a bit like overkill.
. Besides, the overnight guests have alibis. They were apparently…” Sherlock rolled his eyes, heaving a sigh, “
On the telly, one of the football teams almost scores. The goalie makes a save at the last minute. The man hoots again, but he’s hooting for the opposite team now, not the team he cheered on just a moment ago.
“Right then. Enjoy the…” John pointed vaguely at the grotesque pictures, “sheep.”
Sherlock gripped at John’s hair, stilling him, pulling his head back until John’s gaze met his. John’s eyes were glassy. Saliva dripped down his chin.
want to talk about it. He could feel Mary’s eyes boring a hole into the side of his face.
When John found the courage to glance up at Sherlock, Sherlock was studying him with an expression John couldn’t quite read. “Of course, John,” Sherlock said. “I—” he shook his head. “Of course.”
Mary watched him for only a moment longer, her eyes flickering with a glimmer of what might have been sadness. Then she regrouped, starting down the stairs. “I might be back late,” she called over her shoulder. With that, she was gone, slamming the door behind her harder than John thought was strictly necessary.
“You must think me an absolute imbecile,” Sherlock said. “And one would think we’ve been acquainted long enough for you to know that isn’t the case.”
“Have we outlasted them?” John asked.
“Mmm,” Mary said, “but you’re not, are you? So it all worked out fine, then.” She must have seen the anger slip onto John’s face, because her look softened. She lowered her voice. “Is he still…?”
dreams, the ones he used to have before. In that dream, his screams were sound in his mouth and his legs were made of muscle and he somehow found his way onto that roof. He ran to Sherlock and grabbed his hand and pulled him away from the ledge. Sherlock looked at him with a mixture of irritation and surprise and interest, his lips parting in a question he never got to ask. John hadn’t let go of his hand, and if he could help it he never would.
until I turned into a ghost myself. But that would have been no way to live, and everybody was telling me—” He pressed his eyes closed, fighting against the stinging. “I would have waited for you forever. If I’d known.”
Darren and Conor—mostly Darren—helped the two of them unload the bits of food Sherlock had miraculously managed to obtain during his trip to the mainland. They didn’t stay much longer after getting the supplies off the boat—Darren was understandably wary about having his son spend extended time on an island where there had recently been a sheep-murderer spotted. Conor gave Fitz a hug goodbye and strict instructions to be a good guard-dog, and the two trotted down the hill and popped back into their boat. Conor waved goodbye from the stern as they disappeared in the distance.
and I can find the person underneath.
he asked. He paused. Swallowed.
By the time they arrived in Riga, it was beyond obvious that Sherlock needed to sleep. John took over driving but Sherlock insisted on staying awake, tapping into his mobile and muttering to himself about the Scandinavian peninsula and ferries. They arrived late at night and Sherlock wanted to go make acquaintances with the local homeless population immediately, but John insisted they go to the hotel for some rest. They both, John knew, looked and felt like shit.
Sherlock shook his head. “That bloody dolphin,” he muttered.
Sherlock felt as if the floor went out from under him. He blinked.
“I doubt you’ll ever get that desperate,” Sherlock said, his face a sneer. He turned to walk away, but John grabbed his arm.
They separated again, still breathless, Sherlock’s gasping, wet mouth smiling at John. John clutched at Sherlock’s hand, the hand wrapped tight around John’s neck and jaw, and knew he needed to tell him, knew he needed to speak the words out loud. He needed to say it, needed to tell Sherlock that he loved him, loved him more than anything, had planted his roots deep inside of Sherlock years ago and was now an inextricable part of him, whether Sherlock liked it or not. John’s mouth opened but the words caught in his throat. He choked on them. His mouth moved soundlessly, uselessly. His heart was wild in his chest, as close to panic as he could be. He breathed—slowly, purposefully—and did his best not to flee. He opened his mouth, tried again.
sheep.” Sherlock plucked a photograph of a specific sheep off the wall and handed it to John, who very much did not need to see it. “The day after that, they found
“You asked how it started,” Sherlock said. “
“I know,” John said. “I just like to hear you explain it all out. All your little deductions, all in a row.”
Sherlock grabbed at John’s jaw with both hands, yanking his head back. Sherlock looked like some sort of predator, moments away from sinking his teeth into the exposed skin of John’s neck. John wasn’t scared. He ran his fingers along the smooth skin of Sherlock’s stomach.
“Yeah,” John said to the darkness of the storage closet, nodding his head decisively, “if we get out of this alive, I am definitely,
“It was incredibly fair,” Sherlock said. “Thank Christ you hit me. I was being a fool.”
“Yes?” Gilly asked. Her voice was high, excited. She beamed.
John chuckled. “You’d share your universe with me?” he asked.
“You’re a complete and utter arsehole,” John said.
“When we go back to London,” John said, suddenly aware that his mouth had gone dry. “Will this all be over?” It was a simple question, and yet it was astounding to John just how difficult the question was to choke out. He had a feeling he was only able to do so because Sherlock’s back was to him, which didn’t make him feel positively about his level of bravado.
“Will had regular access to the island,” Sherlock said. “He was responsible for bringing the tourists over, him and the O’Sullivans. It is certain that he had at least some sort of interaction with Declan, more so than anybody else on the mainland, anyway. Ample opportunity to become acquainted. They could have bonded over their shared debts.”
John shook his head. “No it’s not,” he said.
“Right then,” John said. He glanced up at Sherlock, looking for any tell, any possible sign that Sherlock was bluffing, that he didn’t actually want John to move out, leave Baker Street, leave him. Sherlock caught his eye and, for a moment, John thought he saw it. Sherlock’s lips twitched into a frown and his eyes were tinged with sadness and John was just about to say that he didn’t mean any of it, that he was just being a petty arsehole and he wanted to stay at Baker Street with Sherlock so badly it hurt, when Sherlock’s gaze darted just behind him and a fake smile slipped across his face.
just then, John knew. However, Sherlock—remembering John’s dislike for pet names—chose to say his name instead. It made his name sound different, close to an endearment, and there was something so
are, the brilliant, genius, consulting detective who happens to be a bit of an arsehole to anyone who isn’t a dog or a child.” John could feel his cheeks flush and knew that he was oversharing a bit, but couldn’t seem to make himself stop. “I wouldn’t want you to be any different than exactly how you are.”
John thought about texting Sherlock again, but couldn’t think of a single thing to say that wouldn’t just make him seem like some hypervigilant nutter. And after his little panic attack along the cliffs earlier in the day, John had a feeling that Sherlock might not respond well to excessive bursts of overprotection from him.
Sherlock looked at John as if he were the simplest of children. “Whoever is looking for her likely already knows her married name. She wouldn’t be so daft as to purchase a ticket in her
“You saved me,” John said. “You jumped in and you saved me.”
of it?” he asked.
for the chapter title!
The smile flitted across Sherlock’s face again. “You clearly need a moment,” he said. “I’ll wait.”
Sherlock lowered his lips closer to John’s and John surged upwards, trying to capture Sherlock’s mouth in his. Sherlock pulled back, keeping his lips just millimeters from John’s, teasing. John moaned.
“No,” Mary said. “But in a larger sense, yes.”
?” he asked. “Because it’s true. I’m saying it because it’s true. I love you. I’ve loved you for so long I think it’s just a part of me now, something I’ve wrapped myself around. I can’t
“Wrong,” he says. “I’ve wanted you inside me since I first saw you.” He writhes against your hand. He sinks his nails into your scalp, pulling you in. He bites at your lip. “And you still aren’t fucking me,” he says.
tongue?” he asked, teasing at John’s lips. “I wouldn’t speak such blasphemy.” With that, he chased John’s tongue into his mouth, parting his lips to explore, slow and thorough. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and sighed against him. Never. He would never grow tired of this.
Sherlock’s hand stilled. “Very discourteous, John,” he said. “Do you want to wake the whole house?”
Sherlock sighed, the ever-suffering sound of a man constantly having to explain himself. “It is an
“I knew there had to be a reason Neville selected the banks he did,” he is saying, stepping closer to the building, eyes on the fire escape above. “They seemed random, but they aren’t. It’s the
“Of course.”
John’s best mate from his military days had nearly been murdered in front of him by their wedding photographer, which sent John’s brain spinning.
“Not necessary,” John said, handing the laptop back to Sherlock. “So. You’ve got the rental company narrowed down. But how exactly is the killer going to want to come after us over all the other people renting cottages at the moment?”
Conor grinned. “It’s a dangerous island,” he said. “And that was before the werewolves.”
attractive.” He twisted his fingers again and grazed against John’s prostate with a bit more—but still decidedly not enough—fervor. “Do you know what you do to me, John Watson?” he whispered.
“Shut up,” John said, his palm wrapping around the length of Sherlock’s cock and pumping
(Twenty Years A-Growing )
“How did you know it was me?” he asks, and for a moment you haven’t the foggiest idea what he’s talking about.
John blinked. “I always care how you feel, Sherlock,” John said.
“If you’re asking if we’ve ever been together,” John said to the jumper, wishing he could rip it apart, “romantically, that is, then—again—I’ll tell you that
John tore the sopping bowler hat off his head, tossing it to the side without a glance. His hair underneath was clumped and disheveled, already wet from the falls. “You’ve been running from this since the start,” John said. “Since the moment you met me. You have been pretending to be some cold, unfeeling machine, and doing an abysmal job at it, by all accounts.”
John raised his eyes to Sherlock, surprising even himself with the smile that flickered across his face. “No,” he said, “I don’t.”
as a title for this recent one?”
As such, John was a bit surprised when his arm slipped from underneath his head and came to rest gently against Sherlock’s back. Sherlock sighed and moved closer, his hand sliding across John’s chest. John wrapped his arm further around Sherlock. He could fit his arm nearly the whole of the way around Sherlock’s slender frame. Sherlock was warm against him and John sighed, feeling his body start to relax for the first time since he got into bed.
what the Taibhses were after. Their precious treasure. And the flash drive never left this island.”
All the moisture in John’s mouth abruptly left him. His heart gave a lurch, stuttering into overdrive on the off-chance that it would be made to stop in the immediate future. He went to make a joke, something silly about people talking, but when he turned his head, Sherlock’s eyes were boring into his, clear and bright and sharp enough to stop traffic.
She asked him out for a drink again. He accepted.
Sherlock popped into the loo for a quick wash-up before tending to Rosie, and John followed, stretching and turning on the shower. The room filled with steam quickly, and John flashed Sherlock a grin before stepping inside. John moaned as the water hit his skin, and Sherlock could see a sliver of his body through the curtain, his skin going pink and glistening as the water streamed over him. Sherlock felt his cock give a twitch and he shook his head. Later.
(See the end of the chapter for
and know me to the bone.
There may have been some time for him to run a few minutes ago, but John wasn’t going to do that. He certainly wasn’t going to leave Sherlock alone here, waiting to be blown to bits by himself. John being blown to bits wasn’t ideal either, but he supposed it was alright in the end.
There is a calm that happens in moments like these, John knew. A slowing. Higher processes go offline, and all that remains is to react. To survive. As such, John wasn’t even certain if his heart was still pounding as he turned, as he raised his own weapon to aim in the direction of the gunshot. The world was silent and ringing and sluggish—the humdrum scene of the inside of a fish tank—as he planted his feet, fixing his eyes on the two men who stood just behind them. It was almost boring, the look of them—pale and bald and nondescript, dressed in black and professionally armed. They looked bored themselves, the men. Another day at the office for all involved. One of them already had his gun trained at John, looking ever so placid, and the other one had his gun raised in the air, the butt of it aimed squarely at John’s temple.
John looked down at himself. He was pale from the cold and covered in sand, but he could just make out the blue edges of developing bruises—the outlines of boots, from where the Taibhses kicked him, crushed him. He hummed at himself. Apparently the Taibhses had gotten him good in more than a few places.
“No,” John said, glancing towards the back of the boat, where Sherlock was eying him with a little smile. “It doesn’t sound mad at all.” He clapped the new skipper on the shoulder and made his way to where Sherlock was waiting.
“How long, Holmes?”
John,” Sherlock yelled. “Why’d you let him get away?”
Sherlock brushed his lips against John’s, the cruelest tease of a kiss. “Because,” he said, “there is a tour coming in ten minutes.”
“About that,” John said. “How could he even have gotten out here last night?” He pushed himself off the ground, staring off at the still-soaked island. “The waves on the Sound are nasty even on a good day. The O’Sullivans said that they can’t get out here on their boat if the weather is bad. It’s too dangerous.”
John turned his head towards Sherlock, his eyes cracking open, apparently curious to see how Sherlock intended to end his sentence.
You fire.
“It appears so,” he said. He bounced Rosie in his arms, trying to shift her mouth a bit further away from his ear, which had recently developed a slight ringing. “Sorry about this. She’s just...a bit unhappy at the moment.”
“Um,” John said. “Yeah, actually. It’s a bit odd. I wouldn’t have thought he would tolerate it.”
When John first drifted back into consciousness, it didn’t seem strange at all that someone else’s arms were around him. In fact, it felt nice. A set of arms were wrapped tightly around his back, holding him close, and he was tucked against someone’s chest, his nose buried in the warm-smelling collarbone of his bed-partner. He could feel a body breathing against him, the slow rise-and-fall of a chest pushing against his. His arms were around his bed-partner too, he slowly realized, tucked underneath their arms, clinging tightly to their back.
“I have already expressed,” Sherlock said, “that there is no need to talk about this. Despite your assertions to the contrary, I am well-versed enough in relationships to understand what I overheard this morning. The point of confusion, it would appear, is that you seem to think I ought to
This. This was the part that Sherlock needed, the part where John rested, where he started healing. Sherlock tucked a pillow underneath John’s knee, made sure his leg was stable. He pulled a sheet over John, light enough so as not to disturb his leg but heavy enough to keep him warm throughout the night. He brought John a glass of water, propping him up as he drank. John nodded and gasped, a gesture that seemed like
leaving, but I’m not the one who
“What, then?”
“Good,” Sherlock said, dropping his voice to a whisper so Darren wouldn’t overhear. “I don’t know if Will is so simple as to return to this island so soon after you nearly caught him, but the chances are high. He’s desperate. And violent. And desperate, violent men are dangerous.” Sherlock’s eyes bored into John’s with intensity. “If you must run towards him, be sure that you are
His body twitched, his hand falling off his stomach and his head flopping to the other side. Sherlock could see his eyes rolling behind closed lids, a telltale sign of active REM sleep. John’s nostrils flared—he was starting to hyperventilate.
“Nobody ever is.”
John focused intently on the notebook in his hands. He could feel his jaw starting to clench, his teeth grinding together. The old anger was rattling at the dirt.
Sherlock’s head felt wrong without John’s hand on it. He shut his eyes anyway—it was much easier than warring against his heavy eyelids any longer. Whatever John had been on about was already fading away, vanishing like smoke in the night. The world was black and pulsing, spinning gently around the edges. Sherlock felt like the only person in this black world, floating purposelessly through the nothingness. His chest lurched and he felt his limbs give a twitch. He didn’t like the emptiness he was in. It was blank and boring and he missed John, even if John was fussing over him for nothing. John would leave soon, he knew. He would go back upstairs to his own bedroom and Sherlock would be alone alone alone.
“Please,” Sherlock said. “You have to stop this.” Sherlock rolled forward, grabbing at the leg John had perched on the mattress, hugging at his knee. He twisted, burying his face into the crease of John’s hip. “Please,” he said.
John bit at his cheek. He nodded again.
The O’Sullivans were nice enough to provide food and other supplies for the two of them while they stayed on the island, and Claire went ahead in a small boat to get their lodgings set up for them. Sherlock and John followed on the passenger boat with Darren and an eager-looking Conor and Fitz.
“Sarah,” John said. “And we broke up.”
Sherlock continued the slow stroke of his fingers across John’s face. John would get there. He just needed to wait this out.
don’t know.”
Sherlock’s hand was moving along John’s body, down his arm, onto his chest, along his side. “Don’t worry,” Sherlock said. “I won’t touch you below the beltline.”
Additional panels can be found
Sherlock grunted. “Not just yet. As I said, they’re all nonsensical.” He frowned, shaking his head. “Whatever his reasons, he’s desperate. So desperate that he would slaughter a sheep knowing that two caretakers are still on the island. So desperate that he would sneak onto the island in the middle of a storm.” He stood, his eyes still on the sheep.
with John. John could see it starting to turn into a game for Sherlock, a way for Sherlock not only to goad a serial killer into murdering them but also to see just how uncomfortable he could make John in one five-minute period.
Silence. A small snore. Just beyond the tiny bedroom where John slept, the cottage was dark, even the fairy lights switched off for the night. Somewhere out in the main room, a log from the dying fire popped. The cottage—unspeakably old and creaking even when left alone—was still. All inhabitants were in bed, having long since dropped off to sleep.
she had said to him after he was fine and breathing again.
John chuckled. Sherlock could hear him clicking across his screen. “Good to know your humility hasn’t been affected by the head trauma.” There was a final
John did as instructed, and he felt Sherlock’s thumb graze over his lips. Sherlock closed in on him, his breath warm on John’s skin. John felt Sherlock’s thumb press more firmly over his mouth as Sherlock’s lips landed on his own skin, kissing himself instead of John. Sherlock’s nose grazed over John’s cheek and it wasn’t a kiss but John felt something light up in himself all the same. His hands tightened on Sherlock’s hips.
“Paracetamol is rubbish,” Sherlock said. “I need something stronger.”
Anyway, thank you for reading! See you next week!
“Um,” John said. “Too much, likely.”
“Excuse me,” he says. “I’m busy.”
John had been dreaming. He was always dreaming these days, it seemed. It was the sleep deprivation, he reminded himself. His exhausted body dipped right into REM sleep as soon as he closed his eyes, desperate for the restorative type of shut-eye it had been denied ever since Rosie came into the world. John also reminded himself that sleep deprivation tends to make one’s dreams a bit weird. In an effort to reap the benefits of the REM cycle it had heretofore been denied, the brain goes a bit off-kilter with the dreaming. That’s all it was, really.
“No,” you say, squeezing your eyes closed and opening them again just to verify that you’re even awake. “Not that. How did you…? I mean, how did you even…?” You turn, looking behind you as if you might see traces of the past, spots where the man might have been. “Were you there?” you ask. “Were you at the surgery and I didn’t…?”
*          *          *
“So they’re fine with all of this?” you ask. “You…” you wave a hand, “following this bloke? Learning his behaviors? Hiding out in the air ducts of a bank, waiting for him to rob it?”
John sighed, looking back down at the papers. “Is it odd that
The whole of the mountain shook. The rocks fell apart in chunks, tearing the land apart in eager strokes. The spray from the falls bore down upon the two men. Water streamed down Sherlock’s face. His eyes burned. He could barely see John in front of him, doing his best not to look sad. They had seconds, at most, before the world fell down around them.
He was in a cave. The Taibhses had taken him to Pierce Ferriter’s cave. The place where, according to Conor, the folkloric hero once hid out. Waiting to kill all the Englishmen.
“Now that I think about it,” Sherlock said, “seeing as there’s no clear consensus on the presence or absence of life after death, I would plan for the afterlife as well. This. Just to be safe.”
or whatever it is you think I’m doing. I kissed you because I wanted to kiss you. I’ve
“We had best get out of bed, then,” John said, not at all interested in getting out of bed. “Get cleaned up.” He hoped that the regret wasn’t palpable in his voice.
“You’ll have to cook for me,” Sherlock crooned, rubbing the whole of his body along John’s side.
“Yeah,” John said, “but I think I might’ve made an exception for the sex of our bloody child, Mary.” He lifted one of the stuffed animals off the cot. A pink octopus. He considered how absolutely ridiculous the idea of a pink octopus was.
John nodded.
You ask of the occasion—
look again, but there was something else to it this time, something different.
“Ugh,” Gilly said, waving a dismissive hand as she sipped at her coffee. “I don’t want to talk about Sherlock right now. Let’s talk about something else.”
And they slept.
“Not exactly,” John said.
the letter said.
), Sherlock had simply said,
being passive aggressive.
Sherlock looked over at Mycroft, who was glaring at him with a mixture of disappointment and rage that only his brother would have taken the time to perfect over the years. Then he looked at Mary. Mary sat across from Sherlock, leaning forward as she studied him, her large coat draped over her very pregnant belly. Her face was unreadable, and Sherlock figured that there was an equal probability that she knew nothing as there was that she knew everything.
*           *           *
Sherlock strode over to the wall, his dressing gown flapping behind him, revealing the same pyjamas he had worn for three days. He climbed onto the sofa and began affixing the new photographs to the wall. “Five,” he said. “Five mutilated sheep.”
), and he remembered that it was nearly impossible to get a cab in this area. The sun was starting to tuck itself behind the buildings, preparing for nightfall, and the day had gotten noticeably colder. John dug his hands into his pockets and started walking, hoping to find a willing cab or a nearby Tube station soon.
“Wait,” he said, tapping at the paper with the pen. “This is the old building off Brixton Road?”
about it, aren’t you? You bastard. Happy about my heartache.”
“Bloody breathtaking,” John said.
“He had a knife,” Sherlock said.
“We’re running low on food,” Sherlock said. “One of us will have to go to the mainland tomorrow. Restock supplies.”
The room was silent for what felt like hours. John could barely even hear the wind outside, gentle against the side of the cottage. He felt as if he were about to stop breathing himself. Finally, Sherlock swallowed. “It doesn’t matter,” he said.
John chuckled. “Of course.” Sherlock could always tell when someone was doing something for his own good. He hated it. John wondered if Sherlock could tell that was what was happening now, with him and John.
,” he hissed, “a
“I was so sad to hear of Mister Sherlock,” Angelo said, his smile fading into a sincere look of sympathy that did nothing helpful to the burning feeling in John’s chest. “It broke my heart when I learned the news. My sincerest condolences to you.”
Sherlock had said to him, that terrible, sopping night after the two of them fought on the hill.
that it was practically a stranger, foreign and unnerving. John wondered if it was Sherlock’s attentiveness to him that was turning things, but this level of attention wasn’t unusual for Sherlock. Sure, Sherlock could be a bit unmindful of John’s presence or absence at times, but when Sherlock was focused on John it was like a laser-focus, singeing him at the edges. The only difference today was the look in Sherlock’s eyes when he focused—it was a look that would kill you slowly, boil you in water over hours and you’d die with a smile on your face. Still, the biggest piece of today that was knocking John off-balance was the touching.
Then Sherlock was kissing him, his hands in John’s hair, his mouth open and insistent against John’s. John let out a moan and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders, doing little else aside from holding on as Sherlock kissed him with what felt like everything he had. When the two separated, John was breathless, his heart hammering in his chest.
“There it is, then,” Mary said, allowing a glimmer of something like sadness to creep into her voice. “Honesty at last.” She sighed, her eyes drifting away from John for the first time since she entered the room. “A valid reason to be clobbered, I suppose.”
“I don’t even want the damned car anyway,” Sherlock said.
“The storm woke you,” Sherlock said. Most would have phrased it as a question, but Sherlock—already knowing the answer—likely saw little point.
The drive to Poland was set to take them most of the day, although Sherlock was driving as if he intended to make it take half that time.
His lips twitch into a little smile. “What an enormous shame,” he says. “We’ll have to do something about that.”
John was smiling when the kiss ended, looking up at Sherlock as if he, in all his imperfections, was still the culmination of a billion-year process of selection and refinement of every possible trait that led the two of them to stand in this room together—upright, forward-facing, beautifully symbiotic. Evolution wasn’t over though—it never is. There were always more steps to take to move forward; they would take them together. John turned, tugging at Sherlock’s hand, pulling him in the direction of the hallway, the loo, the next step in his progression. John glanced back over his shoulder with that look that was light and hope.
“Sleep,” Sherlock said, his arm pressed against John’s. “The sun will be up in a few hours anyway. And Darren will be here shortly after that. You’ll want to sleep.”
In the olden days, John thought, when the presumed dead were buried alive on the regular, they were buried with bells. Little tinny things with strings that spanned down into the coffins, wrapped around the cold hands of the deceased. When the dead came alive, they rang the bells and the grave-keeper would come to their rescue.
Sherlock was at his side, peering over his shoulder in that too-close way of his. John could smell Sherlock’s aftershave as he leaned closer. He shifted, torn between trying not to breathe and inhaling as deeply as he could.
John’s mouth moved, and Sherlock could have sworn he saw it starting to form the word
“He was just so clearly happy to see you,” she said, wide smile planted across her face. “Really, John—he planned that whole scene at the restaurant, dressing up as that ridiculous waiter, just to tell you he was back in London.”
John felt as if he had stumbled into an episode of the Twilight Zone.
Sherlock nodded at John. “Of course,” he said into the phone, his normal-person voice friendlier than Sherlock had ever been to another human. “The reservation is under Holmes. It’s for two. My boyfriend and I.”
John shook his head at Sherlock, doing his best to scream through the tape.
bed-hog…”
“You’re alright,” he said again, although he began to wonder if he was talking to himself. He tipped back away from John, leaning against the untouched bed that was meant to be his. He drew his legs to his chest and rested his forearms on his knees. John’s head was still tilted towards him and the streetlight shining through the windows illuminated his sleeping face. Sherlock was melting, his organs clammy, skin soggy, eyes leaking the remnants of ice that took so long to form.
“If you took my out,” Mary said, “it wouldn’t be a matter of
And dainty and purdy
“Right,” John said, even though the justification stung a bit. “Still fine.”
John pulled his gun from his waistband, flipping the safety off and steadying the thing in his hands. He kept it aimed at the floor as he moved towards the storage closet. He could just make out a shadow underneath—somebody was moving around in there, all right. John stilled his breathing, forcing himself to be as calm and quiet as he could manage. He moved to the side of the door, positioning himself so his body was shielded by the doorframe. His hand hovered. The door squeaked, so he would need to fling it open quickly to keep some level of surprise. He steadied his breath. Counted to three.
The smell of John had long since left Sherlock’s sheets but he could still remember it, the scent of his shampoo and cologne and sweat and
You’re making far too much noise for a man getting snogged in an alleyway but the whole of it is out of your control. You want to touch him everywhere and you don’t know where to start. You grab a fistful of his jumper. You sink your fingers into his hair. You run your hands down his back and feel the tight lines of him underneath. He grinds against you, pressing you harder against the wall. He’s got a thigh between your legs and he’s moving it just right. You haven’t come in your trousers since you were seventeen but today might be the day. He’s growling into your mouth—bloody
I paid it little mind,
Sherlock nodded. He let his nose graze along John’s cheekbone.
“Nothing,” Sherlock said, trying his hand once more at a smile. He seemed to do a bit better with this one. “Just making plans for Christmas.”
That was when John noticed that he was crying. He wiped a hand over his face, sniffed, tried to regain his composure. “Fine,” he said, with the voice of a man who was clearly lying.
Sherlock’s mouth moved vigorously against him, bobbing against his cock faster than John thought possible. He could feel the head of his cock slam against the back of Sherlock’s throat with each stroke and Sherlock was doing something with his tongue John didn’t understand and there was no gradual crescendo, no slow progression towards a climax. Sherlock sucked his cock like he was trying to rip the orgasm from John with his tongue and he would do it, John knew. He could feel himself already dangerously close and he didn’t understand. He didn’t understand what had happened or how they had gotten there. He didn’t understand why Sherlock was on his knees in front of him right now, sucking him off as if they gave prizes for that sort of thing, but it certainly didn’t seem like it was because Sherlock fancied him. He didn’t understand what it felt like, if it was good or bad or nothing or everything because the whole of him was screaming and it was too much and his nerves were crackling like shocks of static electricity and he still wasn’t breathing and he was starting to see spots and it didn’t make sense that it should feel so perfect because it hurt in more ways than one but
? is what you choose to text instead, which is somehow worse. You smack your mobile against your head. You’re usually good at this, aren’t you?
“No,” Claire said, catching Conor by the shoulders and sending him back towards the café. “You go back to the cottages and wait for us. We’ll find the sheep.”
“God,” John gasped, separating himself from Sherlock’s arse just long enough to breathe. “You drive me mad.” He traced the pad of his finger around Sherlock’s hole, soaked and shimmering and already a bit open. Sherlock nodded, bobbing his head vigorously against the mattress. He rocked his hips back, pushing against the pressure of John’s finger.
