Sherlock puffed his chest a bit at the praise. “Not since my imprisonment, but yes.”
“I was raised in relative isolation on my family’s estate. My mother was from beyond the Wall, I never met her. My father was abroad in India, using business to avoid his
… were
His shouts bounce around the stone walls. He pauses. How loud does his voice need to be to carry? Craning to hear an answer from above, John's hands fly to his coat pocket for his mobile. He thumbs at the screen - perhaps there's a shred of reception. Nothing happens. He groans. The phone's been submerged for as long as he's been out cold. Shoving the lifeless device back into his pocket, a sudden bone-deep shiver passes through him.
“That’s a vile name for your skill. You’re a Queen’s Man now, use the proper term.
Jesus, Billy, how did you get my Email address? Nevermind. Glad we can keep in touch this way. M had recall yesterday, but wasn’t well afterwards. Putting him on hiatus. Pearl in good health, no recall yet. Maybe M is just old. Having a 40% success rate. Need to prove 70% stability by next week. Tinkering with the tertiary nerve cluster catalyst. Wish me luck.
Thank you for your patience and exuberance! I'm so excited to share this chapter with you.
Sherlock looked around with curiosity. “An interesting use of a single magical acumen. It must be dreadfully boring, though, just boiling water all day.”
“It does feel wonderful.” He breathed the fresh air deeply. “And you say it
Sherlock looks daggers at him.
John’s arm muscles were burning. He slipped Sherlock to the other side, muttering apologies each time water splashed over the unconscious man’s face. John gasped for breath, his limbs feeling leaden. Despite his efforts to reach the shore, the strong current was pulling them downstream like flotsam. As a London-trained healer, John knew a thing or two about this turbulent river that absorbed the city’s filth. Drowning was a real possibility if they didn't get to shore soon. Sickness was an even greater one if they did.
“—proper response to hypothermia is to remove all of your wet clothing before wrapping you warmly. It’s dark, but I hope you won’t feel it an invasion of privacy if I–”
John’s thoughts drift down various desultory avenues and soon he’s snoring lightly.
and breath. The kiss they should have shared in the entryway of 221B the night Sherlock cured John’s limp. It would have tasted of laughter. Kisses in the backs of cabs. Kisses after adrenaline-fueled chases. Kisses to quiet nightmares; after brilliant deductions; after a life saved; after a subway bomb was disarmed and a bitter lie forgiven. Kisses to smooth harsh words; kisses when John left for the surgery, and more when he returned home.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to–”
Dangling in the water from the shirt-sling, arms tightly hugging his chest in a poor facsimile of Sherlock, John tries to distract himself. What is he doing out there? He imagines Sherlock running barefoot and shirtless across the moor under a crescent moon, wet curls flying.
“She’ll be in our bed within three hours.”
“Bet it’s your dad that’s the damn Faerie,” Byrum jeered. The sturdy boy sniffed and rubbed a fist against his nose, scowling darkly as he saw the smear of blood on his pale skin. “What’s say we help him out, eh Orvy? He thinks he can fly, maybe he just needs a
and all that. That’s why I’m only erasing tonight. Back to marital bliss come morning. Tsk tsk, it
“Since when have I had the honor of morning-after breakfast in bed with John Watson?” he calls back. “I’ll bring you more tea.”
“Ta. But
A tired groan pulls Sherlock from his mind palace. Dawn is gently filling the sitting room with cool light. Sitting up from the floor, John looks around, blinking and confused.
The fire cat had darted down the block and begun rubbing against one particular black door, its shiny brass knocker flashing in the sunlight. This was not the time to be pondering mysteries.
Then again, he’d never known
Sherlock lets go of him and John slips below the water, arms flailing out to bob himself higher, but the weight of the chain pulls him below the surface. He feels Sherlock perform a tidy surface dive, feels hands at his ankles, tugging the chain, assessing in the darkness. He tries to be patient, but soon John’s lungs are burning. His hands grope through the water for Sherlock, find a leg, tug.
Mrs. Hudson stands in the kitchen, chatting with Molly who has already begun boxing up the equipment. As John rounds the corner, Molly gasps and runs to him, squeezing him into a tight hug that he returns with a kindly smile.
“Wait… are you
“Oh,” she trills, “of course, dear.”
“Well then,” Lestrade said mildly, rolling up the playbill and pushing it into Tallack’s hands. “I imagine we’ll need to pay extra attention to that hostage of his.”
The lake holds memories of a time when his violin was not available to soothe John’s nightmares, when a simple luggage omission changed the course of his life.
To 2017/8 readers: We now begin at a different point in the story - please read the first chapter! <3
“Suppose we need to thank you,” Donovan drawls, striding toward them.
John and Sherlock sit reclined in bed, leaning on pillows propped against the headboard in a warm pool of light. Outside the cottage, rain patters in the darkness, tapping on the leaves of the nasturtiums growing in profusion from a flowerbox below the window.
There is a beat. John blinks hard, takes a small step back, the anger changing course in mid-thought.
, it’s a command,” Sherlock interjects, pulling the phone in his direction. “It’s her way of saying ‘go over here.’ She says it when she wants to be picked up and brought to the object she wants to investigate. Perhaps she wanted to see if we were up in the flat.”
“Redbeard? Ah, Sherrinford’s preferred moniker when he humored you with imaginary games as a boy. The parallel is not lost on me. Well, I’d love nothing better than to continue to be excluded from your childish nostalgia. I was only just popping out to tell you that Mum and Dad will not be coming straight home from Berlin. They’ve gone directly to Sussex to attend to Grandmere. Her health has taken a turn.”
“Really? Unbelievable. So, this website of yours, that what you do for work?”
Sherlock coughed weakly. Pushing aside his bewilderment, John settled his grip on Sherlock into a proper lifeguard’s hold and frantically kicked toward shore, pulling hard through the foul water with his stronger right arm. As John’s shocked senses reported their bits of the puzzle, he felt a thrum of surreal familiarity.
Sherlock feels struck like a gong.
“Rosamund, think this through. I can still be very useful to you.”
“Why were you watching that?” John asks gently.
he growls. “He’s done nothing – if it’s me you want, just
“Just a moment! Bleeding’s almost stopped,” she trills, turning back to Sherlock with a predator’s grin.
He crouches on his haunches and pats her down, finding a gun tucked into her waistband, a sleek little pistol that could have easily taken his head off at close range. He puts it into his own waistband… just in case. He checks her pulse which is steady and rapid as the drug does its work. Her face twitches minutely, a tiny frown forming between her eyebrows as the first of her nightmares begin.
10.07.93   22:45
He pulls in a deep lungful of air, meets his brother’s eyes and says softly, “Those are the facts. Now tell me it’s not my fault.”
“Hiding is best done in plain sight.”
“It’s three in the
quiet? John’s airy sense of freedom sunk into dread.
: Save my delivery for last.
With very deliberate caution, Lissa scoops the cream-colored Lyra from her lap and walks her to the large balsawood maze they’d all constructed together last week.
John’s phone pings. He smirks, reading the text.
Whatever culinary trifle Sherlock is about to describe fades on his lips as he pushes open the door to 221C, his eyes taking in the new cast-iron bee knocker.
“Of course,” Lestrade smiled politely, his stomach turning at the sight. “You’ve brought a Skutter’s Dome? We’ll need to track them on foot with a wide range.”
As their hands clasped, a snapping arc of purple energy crackled vividly between their skin, both of them inhaling sharply. A pulse of John’s tangled fondness bloomed in Sherlock’s mind as his own surged outward. For a stunned moment, they clung to one another’s hand.
he catch you? Was his magic more powerful?”
“I just…” John was struck by the fury he felt at the unfairness of Sherlock’s lonely fate. “When I was a boy, I wanted a Faerie companion more than
He barks one dark, dry laugh that makes Sherlock frown, eyes flicking to the IV. A lance of sun burns through the mist and he sees what he needed to find in the fog, can’t let it slip away before sleep hides it from him again.
Sherlock would have bolted right then and there – John had quite the time getting him out his pajamas and into clothes, collecting their things. Thankfully they’d remembered the infant seat, the meticulously prepared baby-bag, and Sherlock’s laptop. But forgotten the violin and the laptop charger.
He opens the laptop, a sleek, futuristic model he doesn’t recognize. Clearly being The Moriarty has its perks. The screen lights up. Expecting a password, he’d been running possibilities through his mind while the kettle boiled, but finds it’s a fingerprint scan. Sherlock suddenly rolls over, nestling into John’s side, draping a hand over his thigh.
“Yes. And the interconnected infinity symbol, well, that’s fairly straight-forward.”
“He’s not, you’re just overly sensitive. Shh, you’ll wake her.” He tugs Sherlock back against the seat. “Smell her head with me. I know people always say it, but christ, it does smell incredible.”
will for once distract her from nefarious schemes.” He tries for a change of subject. “Nice place your brother got for us to wait. Could have included a tea kettle, maybe plugged in a telly.” Sherlock gives him a weak smile.
was against him all along. He stares out over the carpark for several long breaths, looking for a loop hole. His shoulders slump. There isn’t one.
John hesitantly points to the beefy, rectangular bag at Sherlock’s feet where the whirring is coming from. Thin, clear tubes run from the bag to plastic cups sealed against his chest with the bra. “Wait. So that’s. That’s a–”
Startling awake, John finds Sherlock sitting close, a hand on his shoulder. The kettle is hissing on the burner. An array of basic medical equipment is spread out on the table, Sherlock smiling apologetically.
“What, ‘Who Am I’? Seriously?’ John eyes him warily, but warms at the notion of Sherlock suggesting they pass the time
“Yes, but that’s for
it seemed to say. John’s path veered off course as if he were being pulled by the hand. He peered ahead into the darkness, his night vision now well-adjusted, and saw an old pasture wall. Humble, uneven, barely reaching his knees. But it was
He closed his eyes and imagined himself flying with John over the countryside, a thick black beard on his own face flapping in the wind. When it was quite clear, he reached for the stubborn
“Oh, don’t start that again.”
John frowned. “You went out? But if it’s so dangerous–”
“Well, that should be an easy enough ruse,” Sherlock chuckles and presses kisses into his hair.
Sherlock is as startled by the news as Mycroft’s blunt telling of it. And since when has he called her Gran?
John realized with dawning wonder.
“His wife. Just after she shot me.”
John hears a
He peeks in again on John, stationed in his room, looking more comfortable in the old pajamas Sherlock took from his house that morning. Detached from all the wires and monitors, he looks as if he’s just nodded off in Sherlock’s bed.
“I remember waking in your arms, shocked as hell, hearing you repeating,
“Pardon?”
On her way past, Mrs. Hudson gave him a little nudge toward the chairs by the fire. “Sit. You may feel like a freshly minted coin, but your new energy will fade quickly. You have some healing ahead of you yet, Sherlock Holmes.”
As the chaos of the circus fell away, John Watson whooped with sheer delight.
23.07.93   12:01
Suddenly Mrs. Hudson cries out and rushes into the room carrying a tray and scolding Sherlock behind her.
Understanding immediately, Sherlock closed the distance between them and brought his fingertips to John’s forehead.
Sherlock smiled into the pillow, feeling a surge of pleasure. They’d flown for hours, speaking into one another’s minds. As a child, he’d always craved a halfblood companion, someone who would understand and accept him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Teleport us, of course.”
John is startled as Sherlock suddenly pulls away from him to drop to all fours by a trim flower bed, his nose practically in the zinnias.
John hears a
“Ah, good for her. No, actually, I’m here for you, Billy.”
Avery takes the little blue vial John offers, paying careful attention as he’s shown how to twist the cap to dispense the right dosage. He looks up at John and nods, steel in his eyes, and puts a protective arm around Chen. “Got it.”
“Oh. Well. Then I’m very grateful we were caught in your net, instead.” He gave Sherlock a worried glance. “I need to get him somewhere safe to recover.” Another wave of deep weariness washed over him.
Mrs. Hudson nodded, smiling sadly. “They would have been some of the last lucky ones.”
“Chain, on my right foot,” he mumbles apologetically. “Padlock. Little kid’s bones.” He wants to be helpful, to speed up his escape, but he can tell the last detail startles Sherlock.
“Give it here, my turn,” Sherlock says, licking the fork suggestively.
Suddenly, Mrs. Hudson is towering over them.
“No case on, m’afraid.”
Sherlock, incredulous and furious, tries to push himself up to argue, but realizes he can’t actually lift his arms. The bed is rushing toward him, a wave of sleep tumbling him over and over. Sherrin’s voice comes to him from under water.
“Where?” he demands, his eyes darting all over Sherlock’s body, looking for his own clues. But Sherlock is wrapped in his Belstaff, clutching his arms tightly, making it hard to see the wound at first glance.
“No,” Sherlock said quickly. “I very much do.”
Sherlock chuckles deep in his chest, the sound warm against John’s ear. Their heartbeats calm.
Sherlock swivels to face him, incredulous. “
Ivy: Fidelity, Wedded Love, Affection
Squinting at the the wall, John realized the entire face of the two-story aviary was an old peeling mural, one of the many the previous Queen had ordered painted all over the city to stoke civic pride after the Red Fever’s staggering casualties.
Sherlock ticks them off on his fingers as he paces, the stressful memories making his voice rapid and manic.
A few days after Sherrin was buried, the Magpies finally made a move. Sherlock had returned from a doctor’s appointment and found all of the high-tech equipment removed from his room, all traces of his work gone. He wished they had left the rats. He logged on to find that his collection of email had been deleted.
Quite by accident, they begin to bring Melissa into the bed to sleep with them. Though no longer getting her nightly bottle, she wakes in the night wanting comfort. One night, Sherlock, unable to get her to settle no matter how much he walks her, rests on the bed with her, just to give his back a rest. They all wake the next morning, Melissa cuddled between them on the bed and realize how well they had all sleep curled together hearing one another breathe. It is well worth the occasional kick in the nose Bee might deliver in her sleep. Each day they wake to her chubby, shining face.
A pause, a rustle of coat, clicks of plastic.
“She means for us to
The day had started slow, just the comfort of tea and papers by the fire. And then there had been Lestrade’s text that jolted them from the flat to chase a lead, their adrenaline surging as they raced. The lead had sputtered out, but an unexpected turn had sent them all the way to Richmond Park to track… not the suspect, but the frozen, three-day-old footprints that could crack the murderer’s alibi.
“I’m sending these to Mrs. H next time we’re in town and get some reception. She’ll be coming on Sunday, by the way. We should all go to the shore.”
He races to his closet, arms full of papers, and dumps the pile on top of his grass-stained trainers and discarded shirts to pry up the carpet and the loose board beneath. He shoves in the stack, then carefully replaces the flooring and scatters his clothes to look natural. He glances at his clock, sweating and shaking. It’s time to boil water for Gran’s tea.
, quite a lot, actually, but I wasn’t reacting to that. You. Patch people up on your rounds, as you find them.”
just hang on,” John quickly snakes his arms back around Sherlock to keep him from bolting. “You’re a hundred paces ahead of me, as usual. Okay. So. Pretend I haven’t been sitting in your mind listening to your internal dialog the past many days.”
“You were with him,” he points at Sherlock with his chin. “Doing your best to keep him alive. Came with him in the ambulance.” He gives John a quizzical smile. “You really don’t remember?”
“Frodo!” she squeals, because the tawny rat with the black spot near his tale is her particular favorite. “Now, Dada?”
“Stay. Read. Masturbate. I don’t care what you do, just stay put.”
Sherlock thought tartly.
Bubbles gush from his mouth as his fingers suddenly bump into a short pipe that’s indeed set into the wall just above the floor. He can feel the force of the water surging out of it. Pushing back to the surface, he feels a small triumph: it’s narrow enough to block. When he stands, the water is up to his ribs.
He stops, finding John’s fingers gripping his arm weakly.
Heart racing, Sherlock marvels at this immediate change, marvels that he is
“John, it’s
“You. Really want to sleep. With me?”
“Remarkable,” Sherlock huffed with wonder. “Mrs. Hudson really levitated the trays down the hall?”
Sherlock finally stops talking. He’s been far away, living the memory again as he’s shared it with John, every bit of it, and comes back to himself now with a startle and a sharp breath. He ducks his head, afraid of what he will see when he deduces John’s expression.
, which he began reading aloud that morning. Bending over, he gently slides his arm under John’s back and shifts him up onto several pillows, then scoots next to him on the bed, sitting close so he can support John’s head. After several small feedings each day, he’s gotten quite good at this.
. And
of course, strictly to advise.” He leaps to his feet and pulls John into a classic ballroom spin, hugging him to his chest. “Oh love,” he sighs, “it’s Christmas.”
another few days – and learn to cloak yourselves," she snapped. "Goodness, it’s an absolute mystery how you weren’t both broken into a dozen pieces during that lark of a flight.”
lazy bones.”
No, he thinks, as he submerges, bobs, treads, gasps, submerges. It’s better this way, better to die his friend than to leave him with the burden of his love.
Inner Sherlock lists out the symptoms of hypothermia he should be watching for. He’s still shivering violently, which is good, but the exhaustion and clumsiness are bad. He doesn’t have Sherlock’s powers of deduction to know the temperature of the water, or gauge how long he’s been in it by how quickly it’s risen or how much the moon has moved. Realizing his thoughts are getting fuzzy, he doubles up his treading efforts, thinking forcibly of people he should be trying to stay alive for.
“Gave her a recommendation for a specialist.
“Slow down, you foolish boy!” She huffed. “You have a great deal to learn before I even
John’s nagging doubts evaporated.
tell me you’re okay.”
“Not a bad idea, really…” she muses as she walks away.
As they set off again, Sherlock leads – he needs to keep is eyes open for clues now that they’re nearing the scene of the incident. Sherlock picks his way carefully over loose rocks on the narrow ridge, barely a few handbreadths’ wide in most spots, the slope dropping steeply to either side as if Rhitta’s child had mounded a mountain of scree, then scraped off sheer slopes in frightful play. He sneaks glimpses back at John who, while a bit too pale for the heat of the day, a bit more silent than usual, follows stolidly without complaint.
He glanced over at the man sleeping deeply beside him, the halfblood whose fate had become inextricably tangled with his own. He felt a pang of something sharp and utterly confusing in his chest. He didn’t know what it was, but knew with vivid certainty that,
he knew. They had reached the end of a long street and found themselves at an intersection.
Sherrin abruptly pulls him into a fierce hug, breathing hard.
As the lift doors slide open and the orderly steps out, a realization hits him with a jolt.
Sherlock blinks rapidly.
Sherlock’s eyelids droop. Surrounded by John, he sleeps.
“I tried to make a move on you that night.”
Sherlock grins. “Clifton’s was the only fruit market I could find carrying passion fruit within a tube ride, and I had to go quickly lest they sold out. I… couldn’t help thinking a great deal about what you’d said the other day about the oddness of the baby growing
Give him back his brother with a broken memory.
John nods. “Just here?”
Sherrinford sighs extravagantly, sinking lower in the chair, legs dangling over the arm, drink resting on his chest as he scrubs at his eyes.
Warm. Soft bed. Smells like…
“You’re late.” The General’s voice was deeper than typical human vocal chords and crackled with the energy that fueled his mechanisms, though it couldn’t completely erase his Cornish accent.
of it. I already knew from William’s glamor that a mustache was terribly ticklish.”
John was up in an instant, clearly anxious to put distance between them. “Mrs. Hudson, do let me take a look at that hip.”
“He had an alarming lack of compassion for the players in his chess games, which can be an asset to one in his position. But with the knowledge of his impending demise, young Jim become unhinged. Unfortunately,” Mycroft grimaces, “when you have put a despotic genius in power, it can be very difficult to extricate him.”
“Yes, thank you, Angelo,” Sherlock says quickly, “very kind of you. Caprese salad to start, please, and some of that garlic bread I could smell halfway down the block. We’ll share the pasta fra diavolo.”
“I didn’t want it to upset you,” Sherlock says lamely. “The video. Your nightmare–”
But as we’re both rather hungover, I’d like to suggest an afternoon of lying about under the same blanket and watching something horrible on the telly.”
Sorry, Billy, got loads of paperwork to prepare for my presentation this week. You sure you don’t want to come out here and do it for me?  >:)
“Bit of tight spot, that.”
Sherlock surges in to kiss him, to stop John’s words. He can’t hear them, John cannot ever be the one apologizing. He presses kisses down John’s neck to the soft skin above his collar bone and then simply holds him, fiercely, their heartbeats slowly calming.
Sherlock has been staring fixedly at his tightly folded hands during the retelling, but now hazards a look at John’s face across the table littered with the remains of their dinner. Where before Sherlock saw barely restrained rage, he now sees John’s face painted with incredulity.
“Really? You saw all that?”
Bound so closely together, John felt some of Sherlock’s tension drain away and caught the shadowy hint of a smile. Had no one ever told the man that his magic was marvelous?
John tucked the blanket around him, then returned to his chair and resumed eating his own soup, eyeing Sherlock sympathetically. “I’m sure you’ll be well out of this in a day or so.”
This secret, shady organization run by Moran & Daughter handles development work for The League and introduces the crippling events that will emotionally scar Sherlock for years. Magpies appear in the subtext of the show, connected to Moriarty – like his wax seal - and used frequently as imagery during John’s wedding (weird...). As collectors and thieves of shiny things, magpies seemed like an appropriate namesake for a group that collects brilliant scientists and researchers for their own nefarious purposes.
bedroom,” he says quietly against John’s ear as they pass through the doorway. John smiles at him, leaning in to kiss his swollen lips. As Sherlock breaks away, stepping quickly to his dresser to scrounge for a soft shirt and pants for John, he sees John’s glance flick across the tables covered in apparatus, microscope, test tubes. John crosses his arms over his bare chest and bites his lip. The sleepy, post-coitus daze hardens into a stormy frown.
Sherrin stands so quickly that the tray topples onto the floor, eggs and toast spilling out onto the carpet. Sherlock kneels to scoop it up, his hands shaking and eyes prickling with tears, but Sherrin grabs him by the wrist and hoists him to his feet. Sherlock grimaces from the pain, trying to stay calm.
“She’ll be in our bed within three hours.”
“Did a cave troll just salute me?” John asks faintly.
Downstairs, Sherlock can hear the muffled warbles of Mrs. Hudson singing along with the radio. His nerves grow taught. He braces himself for the eruption.
“Sherrin,” Sherlock says slowly, trying to keep the quiver out of his voice, “It’s
“You said that before. Here. Four years ago.”
The surgeon had beamed.
I couldn’t help weaving in the UK’s most celebrated fantasy writer and one of my dear ol' favorites. I always imagined LOTR would have captured both Sherlock and John’s imaginations as youths. This is a rather blatant nod to the actor’s roles together as Smaug and Bilbo.
“Oh, certainly, Sherlock, but it’s much better than that,” she coos. “I want you to
John.”
Sherlock’s mind wanders to his case, to the pattern he’d almost found, and he’s beginning to sense it again, the papers all arranged in his mind, when suddenly John lurches with a hypnic twitch that startles Sherlock right out of his mind palace. Pulse racing, he watches John’s face for signs of disturbance, but he sleeps on peacefully.
I know you won’t like this, but–” John’s fierce demeanor suddenly cracks and he crosses his arms, chuckling and blushing. “Really, there is absolutely no way I am going to be able to talk to you seriously like that.”
“Sherrin, I can’t accept this–” he stammers.
Sherlock ignores him. He can’t turn away. He hears his own cry in the recording, senses the moment when he must have leapt, the video slurring downward faster. Their yells are guttural, frantic, animal, terrible.
Sherlock’s voice tells him reasonably.
“A few,” Sherlock replied, thinking of telling John about the gryphon who nested in the Wall Crag cliff over the Derwentwater, or the sparking salamanders he’d sometimes found beneath stones as a boy, when he was bent double by another wracking cough. As he caught his breath, he found John watching him with worry. “I’m fine,” Sherlock said hoarsely.
Sherlock shudders against him, squeezing tighter.
Sherlock grins.
might end up the one needs saving.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Without ever having to discuss it, Melissa’s basinet stays in their room. They all sleep better for it. There is a smaller, adjoining bedroom Sherlock had stayed in as a boy, its single bed accommodating their late-night need for privacy.
John had the unsettling sensation that she seemed somehow
never anticipated your memory recall today, or any day. Too much faith in my chemist.” She glares at Sherlock. “Truly, John, today I was just picking you up for our appointment. To hear our baby’s heartbeat.”
“I don’t bring my boys round, Dad’s a bit weird about it. If it got serious, I’d broach the topic, but it’s sooo exhausting explaining things to him.” He looks at Sherlock meaningfully over the bubbling red beaker. “You understand, I’m sure.”
“I’ll ask for another–”
“I promised you I’d tell you everything, if you woke.
“I… don’t really think I’ll be… looking for that. Anymore.”
he realizes – passes them individually-wrapped sterilizing sponges. They quickly crowd into the cramped loo to wash their hands.
“Tell me what you remember.”
“Mrs. Hudson, please forgive my haste, but Sherlock is urgently in need of healing I must perform. We fell into the Thames last night–”
“As I said, John, I have… loved you. From the beginning.”
John. Well, historically. If the male mammary glands are given enough stimulation, especially in the presence of the hungry baby, he will
“And the child?”
Panting a bit from the climb to Snowdon’s summit, John makes an amused sound in his throat. “Visitor’s Center. Hafod… something.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“John,” Mycroft smiles, with as much warmth as he has ever seen on his pinched features, “I am so relieved to see you recovered and,” his eyes flick briefly to Sherlock, standing protectively at John’s elbow, “in your rightful place. At last. You have our deepest gratitude for your brave and selfless actions tonight. I admit I had serious concerns about the validity of your plan, but time and again, we see that
John’s first instinct was to ease the cough, but he hesitated. The Netters would be on the lookout for any pair of men, especially if one was a healer. The courtyard was empty, but could someone be watching through a window?
“John, it’s simple enough to retire from The Work, but we are going to need to find some way to share the adjustment in our…
John turns, looking sobered, and kisses him, mussing his hair. When he pulls away, he is considerably calmer.
The storm-clouds in Sherlock's mind break apart. He feels his mouth twitch.
“We’ll wash up,” says one cheerily. “Unless you’d like to take the food–”
A large lump in Sherlock’s throat is preventing speech. He stops, Sherrin pausing next to him, and suddenly pulls his brother into a tight hug, hoping the embrace will speak for him.
John startles, blinking hard.
“What? No – I’ve been on a stake-out! Sherlock,
Sherlock’s mobile begins to buzz again. John reaches for it in case it’s Mycroft with news. The phone is on top of his old, worn copy of
Sherlock says blandly, though his stomach grips.
“I don’t erase anything concerning you, John, even atrocious nights like that one.”
“No! Gibbs is much lighter than slogging through
good. Perhaps we should bring them into custody, perform a thorough examination to be sure they aren’t halfbloods.”
He is met with silence. Sherlock turns, worried, seeing John’s shocked face.
“Sore?”
memories.
“Where’d you find blankets?” he asks thickly, incredulous. Sherlock is wrapping his dry suit jacket around John’s feet.
Now that he’s awake, Sherlock’s mind spins. It drifts to the case, but he pushes it aside. His little family is long overdue for a proper ramble. Perhaps a jaunt to Epping Forest. The idea planted, his mind settles into planning. Do Rosie’s boots still fit? With her foot pressed against his chest, he tries to assess it’s length. He’ll surprise them after breakfast. And pack a picnic. Yes, it’s just what they all need. What
“Idiot, I’ve already solved it.”
As Sherlock’s lungs cleared, John’s logic caught up with him. He watched the algae-slick wall of the starling slide past with each upward lurch, the fog swirling in around them.
“Generally. It’s how they cope with major mental transitions. It’s a sign of trust, John, that she seeks us out to help her feel safe in her alarmingly changing world.”
John felt a pang for keeping her from her rest, moving quickly to help as she struggled a bit to stand. The panther also rose with his mistress, pressing close to her for support.
“A mountain best left to the winged beasts,” Sherlock hums, watching the bird’s flight with fascination. “
Dangling in the water from the shirt-sling, arms tightly hugging his chest in a poor facsimile of Sherlock, John tries to distract himself. What is he doing out there? He imagines Sherlock running barefoot and shirtless across the moor under a crescent moon, wet curls flying.
make?”
Sherlock tucks his chin, pulling away.
“The child shares half her genetics. It’s fair to know of its mother’s line, is it not?”
“After… what?”
Sherlock’s fingertips fidget at his lips, watching John’s body language: rapid blinking, shoulders tense, brow creased slightly in the center, lips clenching and pursing as if he is about to speak. He flexes his jaw and small pink spots appear near his temples, always a sure sign of John’s rising temper.
John blinked quickly. It was ridiculous. Preposterous. He should tell himself he was being scammed and run, but a quiet voice inside told him Sherlock was telling the truth. Somehow he’d always known.
Born to me, Lissa-Bee...”
“But you didn’t tell anyone.”
“How’d you get us away… from the well?” John’s voice is rough, unused. Talking makes his head pound harder, but he pushes past it. Sherlock’s eyebrows furrow again and he bites his lip. He takes a small hiss of air, searching his eyes.
As Sherlock and John move in, one of the bullies shoves at Chen, knocking him to the ground. Another winds up to kick, but in the time it takes him to shift his balance to the other foot and aim, John has tackled him to the ground, spinning him onto his stomach in a quick, clean wrestling maneuver. He twists the bully’s arm sharply, making him howl. In a flash, before the others can recover from their surprise, John is back on is feet, flexing his fingers, eyes shining.
Endless gratitude for my beta shirleycarlton for her many excellent questions and suggestions in this chapter!!
“Christ,” he whispers. “It’s a damn well.” As John takes a step toward the wall, the water sloshes around his calves. It’s gotten deeper since he woke.
“We were just finishing up lunch. We’d ordered in Thai to celebrate the end of your treatments. I was going back home for the weekend and wanted to see you well fed before I left. I remember you were... making tea. Which was bloody strange. Mary walked in, and it was like a gale blew the fog away from my mind.”
The heavy jumble of rope unwinds down the well shaft and hits the water with a slap. Though he tries to unravel it, John’s hands are too stiff, his limbs too sluggish to make sense of it. Sherlock sees and quickly shimmies back down the rope, splashing into the water next to him. He utters a small gasp as the cold hits him anew.
John nodded, taking the ladle and breathing in the fragrant steam. It cleared his mind like a cool spring breeze pushing at morning fog.
John’s fingers nervously pressed against his glamor’s mustache, hunting for any sign of his own familiar features.
“Alas, no. In his great web of deceit, this detail was true. You see, Sherlock, for as long as there has been a
were not my area, indicating boyfriends were, yet I was married to my work.”
The steamer trunk is consumed in flame. Sherlock swiftly closes the distance between their faces and John gives a surprised little gasp against his mouth. Sherlock folds his arms around him, slides his hands up John’s back, over the nape of his neck. He cups the curve of his skull and pulls him closer. John runs his hands into Sherlock’s tangled, unkempt curls and melts into him.
“Really, John,” he says, tossing the scarf over his shoulder. “You have no idea how valuable a touch of the dramatic can be in my line of work.” He grins.
Exhausted, but too wired to rest, John roved aimlessly about the flat. The steaming kettle drew him to the fire in the hearth that had burned brightly all morning without any tending. Marveling anew at Mrs. Hudson’s magic, he made himself a fresh cup of tea and stood restlessly at the window.
“Christ,
He can hear the young assassin’s voice.
The performers were huddled by their wagons, terrified of the half-human examiners, their helms and chest plates intricately molded to resemble serpents. Each Netter had a modified metal eye that clacked like a beetle as images were captured on the crystals within. One Netter wrapped elongated copper fingers around the performers’ throats, measuring for truth as they spoke.
John suddenly rouses, blinking blearily. He sees Sherlock in the doorway and grins with such sweetness that Sherlock rushes in, but John holds up a cautioning hand that stops him in his tracks. John nods lightly to the sleeping baby and gives him a wide-eyed expression that clearly says,
“Oh, good then. Well, I lived here years ago, actually. Did my residency at The Royal London Hospital. Was just realizing how much I’d always wanted to return, but what with joining the Queen’s Men, I never made it back. What about you? Ever been?”
Lestrade sneers. “I don’t believe it. You? Never. No. Not you. You won’t last the day before you’re sending me a hundred texts begging for a new one.”
“That’s when I thought you were boring.”
Grinning, Sherlock slides his hands under John’s coat, under his cardigan, under his plaid, and John groans happily to feel the warmth on his skin, but Sherlock hisses. His brow knits, voice low and concerned. “John you’re frozen.” His caresses turn more clinical as he tries to rub warmth into John’s cold skin. “Come on, let’s get you off the ice. We’ve got to get you home and warm immediately.”
You can see it yourself quite plainly. A socially ostracized genius, bitter toward his fellow man, self-medicating his fits of stagnation with powerful narcotics. You were a self-destructive mess. He knew you would leap to his bait.”
“Sit. Down.” The pressure of John’s hand on his shoulder increases, insistent. This is a tone best not ignored. Sherlock obeys with a huff.
Is she lost in the garden, unable to connect back to the body that contains it? Or is she stuck in one greenhouse? Is she happy there? He can’t imagine her feeling happy knowing there are hundreds of thousands of her treasures she cannot reach. But does she even know they are there to be missed?
The six nurses flank them through the gray maze of empty corridors and down the elevator, their arms betraying the tight muscles of medical operatives and the bulge of weapons visible just beneath their scrubs.
“We were attacked.
“She had a red spot.”
John nodded his thanks, noting that no purple lightning flickered when
“So, if I’ve sufficiently calmed your nerves that you’re not about to get your head flushed for liking your self-same gender, back to my question. You ever fooled around?”
RECALL. Healthy.
Dangerous, fantastic things were happening. He felt a shiver of fearful excitement.
“Course I’m okay,” he says quietly, his voice rough with emotion. “Never been better in my life.”
They set off toward the forest paths. Sherlock suddenly closes his eyes, realization dawning.
John raised his brows. “He doesn’t. They’re always on the move. They were caught, once, and he turned the halfbloods into
“Decidedly
It’s dusk. Crickets keep a steady rhythm over the cascading notes of a hermit thrush. A breeze blows over his face, mussing his hair. Sherlock is in the middle of his new topiary garden, stretched out in the cool grass. His Gran’s meticulously sculpted boxwood menagerie towers over him. He’ll never know what memories they held for her, but he fills them now with Sherrin.
The success of the climb, the buzz of endorphins, and the release of his anxiety have washed the day’s strain from his face. He stares out at the breathtaking view, seeming to appreciate it more when seen from a spot of relative safety. With a small nod, Sherlock allows himself to become absorbed in his examination.
The fire was burning low. John had used up all of the little sticks within the boundary of the bubble. It was getting colder – these late summer nights had been uncomfortably chill even in the relative protection of his barracks, which were freezing in winter. He hugged his knees tightly for warmth and felt another electric thrill cut through his worry:
“Thanks, Sparks,” he gasped, registering the brass address:
“We finally found her on the Heathrow security cameras,” the operative says in cool, clipped tones. “Looked like a ninety-year-old woman. She performed quite the costume change en-route.”
He stumbles to his wardrobe and grabs a shirt off a hanger, but just as suddenly as his frantic rush began, he freezes, shirt dangling, one hand lightly pressed to his temple.
Also... when Mrs. Hudson had John pick yellow flowers for the soup, they were yellow cinquefoil for, 'beloved child' - her feelings for her new 'tenants'. And in the forest they sleep on moss, another symbol of Mrs. H's 'maternal love'.
the Netters are made?”
“You’ve been in a car accident, Sherlock. Your leg was cut quite badly and you’ve broken a few ribs. Concussion. You’re very lucky to be alive. The doctors say you can go home in a day or two.”
with Victor, but he did miss him. Ginger-haired and lanky, equally obsessed with rugby and insects, he had been a bearable summer distraction during their childhood. Though Victor was rubbish at playing pirates, they’d found a mutual interest in poisonous substances when they were seven, and had spent long afternoons out in the woods collecting samples to study.
“Still plenty of opportunity for
Relief flickers briefly across Sherlock’s face.
“Nothing I haven’t dealt with before, no matter.”
“Eärendil the half-elven, Mr. Holmes, sir.”
“Oy!” John stands in the doorway looking daggers at Sherlock. “How about you finish up in here if you can’t make civil conversation?”
He’s made up his mind.
of his magic against itself as he began his own arduous Expunge.
“No one I know of,” Mrs. Hudson replied. “Even our more questionable London halfbloods have no such skill. There have been no clues left behind, no sightings to indicate a suspect. Whoever they are, they’re strong
Tight-lipped, he channels his frustration toward the chain, kicking his leg hard, testing the strength of the rusty metal. He bites back a grunt as the length painfully chokes his kick mid-swing. He kicks again, then again, splashing water violently, hoping to loosen the bolts.
It had been his first glimpse of the Netters.
Tallack’s human eye caught Lestrade’s and he strode toward him with feline grace on his multi-jointed metal legs. He’d been powerfully built even before the alterations and the effect was intimidating, even to Lestrade who had known the man since their early days in the Academy, long before his
“What was it, the dream?” John asked, awed to be featuring in prophetic dreams twice in as many days.
John is suddenly reminded of a similar afternoon over two years ago when he had gone to help Mrs. Hudson clear out Sherlock’s things. It was an awful day, because it meant he’d finally given up hope that this was some mad lark, some horribly gone-wrong plan. Sherlock would have contacted him by now. John had stopped looking meaningfully at homeless people he encountered, stopped obsessively checking his mobile for cryptic messages.
~ o ~
Suddenly, Sherrin gives a choked little gasp. Sherlock watches, confused, as his face goes slack. A trickle of blood peeks from his nostril. Sherrin’s hands slide off of the wheel.
John balances his own tea and eases next to him on the bed, hip pressing against the curve of his back. Even this small contact is delicious.
Another relic from a far-off land…
Bemused, John walks over to inspect the operation. “You offered him that drink at least twenty minutes ago. It’s an old fashioned, love, not alchemy.”
“Yea, ‘course. But first things first.” Sherrin props himself on an elbow and points at him menacingly. “Get your clever arse to bed, young man. You haven’t slept in nearly four days and I don’t need your exhaustion putting errors in the data.”
“To be fair, Sherlock, we have both been… distracted.”
John felt as warmed by the comment as he did by the fire. Never had he imagined anyone encouraging him to study wild magic. Or including him in their future plans. He frowned, feeling off-center. His fears of being dropped from the sky felt ridiculous now.
John is not having Sherlock wake up in bed alone.
use their magic to push apart all the little particles of soil and stone. Dead useful for mining. But Telekinetics, the
John grins foolishly at his reflection in the mirror.
The bloody game is on, and John wants nothing more than to be done with it.
“It’s
– as the nightmare jolts abruptly into waking.
John ignored him, tears smarting in his eyes as the pain lanced through his leg. Hands poised above the break, he struggled to focus his magic, sweat breaking out on his forehead. He hissed as the shards of bone slowly knit together beneath his flesh, the surrounding muscles and sinew settling into their proper places.
He studies the touches John had offered, freely, though always with
Mrs. Hudson gave him a kind, but pitying look. “No, Dr. Watson, the sage performs its healing to the ephemeral body in its ephemeral state. Do observe.”
Sherlock hurries over, climbing next to John on the bed to grin at her. Though pixelated by the slow connection and occasionally freezing in hysterical wide-mouth stills, the glimpse of Rosie warms his heart and pushes away at the sadness he’d conjured up in the shower. It’s a bright few minutes as he and John chuckle and baby-talk into the phone, shoulder to shoulder.
John sleepily watches their fingers braided together, very slowly exploring knuckle, fingertip, palm.
connecting them. I’m often able to see and sense what others overlook. Even as a child, when my grandmother’s butler pilfered her tobacco, I was the only one who noticed the unique color of the ash in his pipe.” He rolled his eyes. “Humans – and even halfbloods – are painfully unobservant.”
Settling back onto the pillow with a huff, Sherlock takes the hint. There are rules now.
“Of course. Though we may require some assistance.”
“I made an agreement with Mycroft that if I couldn’t rouse you in three days, I’d allow you to be moved to a secure facility. It felt wrong to send you there. I
“Listen, you hear that? Sounds like…. Not good.”
There was no sign of Sherlock. The tendrils in the Dome snapped directly at his tree. Low, toward the ground. Not above. But Sherlock was nowhere to be seen.
“I’d… like that,” Sherlock says quietly, the anger cooling. Sherrin’s thunder evaporates and he smiles warmly. He rubs his palm on their mum’s apron before extending his hand.
out. You’d better tell him the whole backstory so he doesn’t think I’m a bloody adulterer.” He points his wooden spoon at Sherlock menacingly. “Behave.” He stalks back to the worktop, muttering.
“Always preferred Han Solo myself.”
He clears his throat and Sherlock realizes John is overwhelmed with emotion. This is an aspect of love he had not anticipated – that the sharing of history, of pain, could elicit yet
If you had enough clearance to know it, which he did, you knew that for generations captured halfbloods had been safely contained in an iron-walled camp near Dover. But the story went deeper. On every full moon, unbeknownst to most of Britain, a discreet emissary emerged from the sea to take the halfbloods away, chained with iron to log rafts.
“Sherlock, stop,” John sputters, baffled. Sherlock scowls, equally confused. Why isn't John upset? “Are you taking the mick? I think it’s
He hears John’s cry, the single keening of his name as Sherlock plummeted from the rooftop. It reverberates through the hallways of his mind palace and does not fade.
“Yea,” he grins sheepishly. “And second, third, fourth...”
times.
The delivery man stares openly at him. Sherlock waits, bracing for the bitter retort he knows is coming.
Sherlock re-doubles his pressure all around John, burying his face against his neck, wet warmth on his skin.
“And she’ll know… she’s not traced anymore?”
“Your usual. Twenty-four pounds. So, cleaned up a bit?”
“Since it had anything to do with you.” Sherlock rests his chin on top of John’s head. “I had rather a lot of time to think while you were... sleeping. I had decided that no matter what, I would find your child. For its sake. For yours.” Sherlock’s voice grows rough, “Even if you never woke, I promised myself I would raise your child, with all the love I had for you.”
Peeling back the covers, Sherlock finds the absorbent pants need changing and handles the cleaning and new application with minimal fumbling and only a few muttered curses directed at the adhesive tape. The first time, in his terror and haste, he’d put it on backwards and gotten a sodden mess of sheets for his trouble. He thinks gratefully of John’s Iranian nurse who did this so effortlessly.
He skids to a stop, sucking in his air, panic exploding in his brain as he sees not his husband sprawled on the floor, but –
John’s words thrum in his mind.
“Ah, excellent. How satisfying to have the matching set! You see, Sherlock, no matter what they all say, I find you enormously easy to work with. The others simply don’t understand that you just need to be properly
Despite his haughty attitude, Sherlock’s glamored face betrayed his nerves and he pulled John down the street. “Best not be seen gawking,” he rumbled.
He is well into Regents Park when he finally stops, sinking onto a bench, breathing hard. It’s gray and chill. There’s hardly anyone about on the walking paths and wide, trim lawns. He bends almost double, holding his head. The anger has mostly drained, leaving a cold, empty space behind.
Leander and Sylvain were in my finalist list as names for my son. A neat side effect of being a writer is getting to use all of those cool names without the additional morning sickness and diapers.
“Mm,” he hums noncommittally, wondering how he can stay in the bathroom until John is asleep.
“I’d very much like to hear about it,” John said, settling back against the cushions.
“Oh?" Sherlock asks lightly. "Do you think so, John?”
“Yes, I know,” Sherlock said quietly. “I saw it all in your mind.”
But he can easily tell that it would be ineffective. It was probably the last straw, the last request, and he had to do it on his own. He’d have been terrified – he’d have known they’d come for Sherlock.
of considerable ability, quite adept at pulling my strings if I ran astray whenever we left the estate.”
Sherlock locks eyes with him and nods. They both pull in huge lung-fulls of air, and at Sherlock’s nod they drop beneath the water.
: Of course
John feels his grin bloom on his face, sees it mirrored on Sherlock’s as he huffs a quick, relieved laugh. He slides a shaky hand up to hold Sherlock’s face firmly, tenderly, his thumbs lightly stroking the damp skin below his eyes.
“Idiot,” he scolds himself absently, peering at the photos for other possible scratches he’d overlooked.
“John! I’m so sorry. God, I forgot. It’s just, the case, and–“
“We’ll be meeting with them tomorrow, I suppose?”
“Bloody
with his intention into the fabric of the dream to change it, as he always could in a lucid dream, but John’s face pinched.
, Sir.”
“Not really. So, Magnusson recovers his memory and recalls that Rosamund drugged and betrayed him. He tells the police he’s been framed for my attempted murder, and uses all of his media mite to demonize her. It will certainly make it tricky for her to get through customs now that there’s a warrant out for her arrest, but I sincerely doubt it will impede her very much. Magnusson is a mosquito to her. The police won’t find her until we do.”
. By the
“–you were wearing a false beard. It’s on your dresser. Bloody obvious one, too, practically Gandalf.”
John looks as if he'd like to ask follow-up questions, but takes the hint, instead doing things with his thighs and fingertips that reassert to Sherlock he must inquire into John's
Hidden against his shoulder, John feels the wave of unshed grief pushing through his pores. Sherlock doesn’t say a word, just clings to him, rubs his back in soothing little circles, runs his hand over the nape of his neck and up into his hair.
John gives Sherlock’s hand another reassuring squeeze and swallows hard.
“Maybe not here. But. In a nightmare. I hit you. Many times.” They had been in a morgue. Sherlock was high, brandishing a scalpel for some reason. John had been so angry, couldn’t stop hitting and hitting him. He can remember Sherlock’s battered face, the bewildered, broken trust in his eyes. John shakes his head to free himself of the awful vision.
“Sherlock,
A little girl in grubby, wet shorts runs by, single-mindedly pursuing an agitated pigeon. She bumps into them, startling them apart.
His companion, too, seemed brighter in the forest, looking relaxed and fond, though still well-barricaded. Sherlock lifted onto an elbow and let John help him to his feet.
to uncover a dead detective’s scandal. But we had not known that as we removed the final threat from your life, another took its place.”
Sherlock watches him closely, gently placing his hands on John’s shoulders.
Sherlock honestly can’t tell what brings him more joy that drizzly afternoon in 221C – the hint that his formula may have promise, or his daughter exhibiting such excellent scientific behavior.
“How did your people get into my bloody flat without my knowing?”
Their escape flight was fast, but brief. John’s stomach lurched. Their acceleration dropped like the wind falling from a sail.“No no
“Yes,” John finally whispers. “We could have the nursery upstairs.”
“Um, I should. Deliveries.”
know – all the antiques make Major. That’s
would snap the branch.
Sherlock snaps to attention. Gripping John tightly to his chest, he pulls up, hitting the resistance of the chain. Deductions race across his eyes.
But Sherlock is apparently ignoring him, staring off at a large, flowering tree with a little smile.
“And you’ll kill him, yes, I’m familiar with this line of threat from you by now.”
“Okay?” John murmurs. In answer, Sherlock takes John’s earlobe between his teeth. John sucks in his breath. “So. That night. I remember how we came to our lodgings to find not two beds, but one. I still think you planned it.”
“What?” the squat, mustached man demanded in John’s incongruously high voice. Then his eyes grew large as he took in Sherlock’s transformation. “This is quite remarkable, William.”
John reluctantly pushes away from his warmth.
enraged, but not
“Without… what? And will you
Then he is standing, his shoulders squared, jaw set. He glances at the gun in his hand as if he’d forgotten he’d been holding it, places it gingerly on the bed. And then he is pulling Sherlock out of the room.
Suddenly the whole thing feels laughably ridiculous.
“But the wee Sherlock one hasn’t woken up.”
John looked apologetic. “Well, a bit. Humans are rather rubbish on Troll properties… mostly we only know that story about goats crossing over a bridge–”
Though barely thirty, John knew the recruits saw him as a battle-worn artifact, his hair prematurely silver, his left arm stiff with residual petrification.
“Misters Watson-Holmes–”
The copter gave an alarming lurch, bringing Lestrade back to himself and his mission – hunting yet another halfblood for his hungry, clockwork Queen. He scowled. There was the great, horrific secret at the core of Queen Toria’s reign, known only to her royal scientists, the highest-ranking Netters, and one dusty, nearly-defunct Detective Inspector of the Queen’s Royal Agents.
John gave him one last push toward the tent and grinned tightly. “Off you pop. Chin up, she might have news about your future wife, the fire-breather.”
“Dr. Watson. Focus, please.” Sherlock flipped open his cloak, exposing a collar of solid iron around his throat.
“I… didn’t want to bring up the fear we both seemed to be living with. There is another, in the kitchen, is there not?”
this city.
“Oh come now, Epping Forest would be perfectly child-friendly; nice and flat, big herd of black deer, and some incredible old trees to picnic under.” He glances at the sun. “It’s about eleven, she must be taking her nap about now. I hope Mrs. Hudson remembers to give her that wooly lamb she’s been so partial to.”
home. I meant. The flat. Place. Whatever.”
“Yes, John,” Mycroft smiles, actually
“The pregnancy was considered during formulation, John. It’s quite safe. We all ingested it.”
you.” John sucks in a breath to steady himself. “I can’t believe she’s tortured you all these years. Christ, I could just–” He bites off his words, inhaling sharply, every muscle tense.
But fifteen years ago, everything had changed. The newly-crowned Queen Toria had declared a fierce anti-Wall campaign, disparaging six hundred years of her predecessors for not obliterating the wild magical menace that sullied the prosperity of civilized British mages. After Queen Toria’s ascension, the merfolk had been turned away from Dover empty-handed and not returned.
“Not to stay for the
John stretches to kiss the furrowed brow. "There’s some peace during the afternoon naps,” he grins, “at least for a few years. Then school. I'll come home for lunch. We'll be creative,” he winks.
John’s mind suddenly filled with a vibrant string quartet playing a piece he’d never heard before. Sherlock glanced over at John, clearly enjoying this game as much as he.
influence. Far from feeling his blood thrill at the prospect of conquering wild magic, John’s mind filled with scenarios in which he would finally come into contact with the Wall, with
Lestrade grins at Sherlock. “At least give me a bit of credit for noticing the change in your household, old boy.”
With a wave of giddiness, Sherlock abruptly pulls him down to the bed, making it very clear what he’s feeling up for. He quickly undoes the buttons on John’s shirt to playful protests.
Molly grimaces a smile.
The silence stretches out. Shivering, aching as warmth begins to spread through his limbs, John feels a twist of panic. He’s misread everything. He’s a right idiot, spoiled it all, just when they were beginning to find their rhythm again.
"Thank you, truly." John goggled up at the huge face and pushed his thoughts toward his unconscious companion.
They are the predators looking for an advantage.
“Shite. You’re beyond depleted.” John eased him back to the ground, noticing with a pang that Sherlock’s eyelids drooped, then snapped back into startled wakefulness. “We’ll just have to spend the night out in the open.” The dusk-dark forest towered around them. From what he recalled of their flight, it had gone on for leagues. A shallow, stony brook babbled nearby. “Right, then.”
John is one step away, his arms outstretched.
John’s heart plummeted. In the glow of the fire, Sherlock’s eyes were wild. John saw him glance at the blaze and put on a sharp burst of speed like a terrified animal. John clung on, willing him to stay conscious.
To: redbeard001@ox.edu
private organizations to ensure your immediate death.”
“Yea!” Avery chimes in from the wall. Chen turns to him, startled. “Those pieces of shite,” he jerks his sharp chin at the pile of attackers, “could have
“Sherlock,” the medium said immediately, still staring at him intently. “Sherlock Holmes.”
thing to make this whole horror worthwhile.”
Sherlock ducks his head, grinning, abashed.
Gradually, the festival air faded. It was difficult to speak with the chill roar of wind in their ears. Villages thinned to pasture and trim fields turned wild. As they flew farther away from John’s life among Faerie-hunters, his mind slowly began to absorb this new, impossible thing.
It opens quite suddenly onto a mountainside. He strides through the doorway with a grin that crinkles his eyes. The crunching gravel track leads him to a valley surrounded by towering, blue-green mountains. In the bowl at their feet he finds a long, deep lake - likely bottomless -  reflecting a summer sky scudded with cumulus clouds.
John turns, looking suddenly weary, his voice gone flat. “Sorry, not my business. Total’s fifty-eight quid.”
“Yes,” Sherlock croaks somewhat sheepishly. “Sorry. Did we pack water?”
“I remember we turned back, going slow, the drop steep and sheer on either side of us, and you held my hand like I might fly away if you didn’t.”
“What?” Sherlock whispers.
With the sweetest grin Sherlock has ever seen on his face, John whispers back, “Husbands.”
“In here, come in, I’ll just be a moment.”
Clever, really.” He caught the flash in John’s eye and held up a hand to pacify him. “It’s horrific. But don’t you see? This is an immense relief.”
As if Sherlock has just mentioned it, an idea occurs to him.
“How could you
John makes an expression of ecstasy.
John’s close to him, his short, sandy hair catching little golden highlights under the kitchen light, his face taut and concentrated. He smells good, a combination of something evergreen in his shampoo, sweat, fried rice, and a fresh hint of the chilly spring night. His eyes, very focused, are a strange shade. Sherlock spends several moments debating with himself about their exact hue. Not blue, not gray, but something in between, like a stormy sky over the Atlantic. Those eyes twitch to meet his. Sherlock feels himself redden.
“Okay,” John breathes into the dark above him. The rhythmic hum of the train fills their cabin. Sherlock can practically feel him bracing himself. His resolve crumples.
“They would never let you.”
Sherlock sniffs, mock-wounded. “You act as if I was born fully formed sitting behind a microscope, John. I have bagged my share of the Welsh 14. I was obsessed with the
John startled with a yelp as a dark, whiskered head appeared by his elbow.
It’s only been a week, a
“Either way, prepare for the release of the child’s custody to John and myself, should the pregnancy continue without incident.”
“A game. Innocent people have died. The lives of my friends are in danger. My own
Sherlock nods sadly.
Sherlock can easily imagine his wry, wise grandmother holding court in her overstuffed chair, still in its place of honor by the fireplace, a warm smile on her face.
Clairvoyants, rare, may steer all minds;
John’s eyes flick to his, a confusion of grief and pain. “Was it? You always did prefer to work alone. I wonder, couldn’t Sherlock, the Great Moriarty, have at least sent me a message? Surely he could have faked my death? Gotten me under private security? You must have had the power to do so, unless you just didn’t want to...” His voice breaks and Sherlock feels a stab of pain in his chest.
“I don’t remember being able to breathe,
He scrambled back into the branches.“Not that you lot bother with that.” He looked up at a yellow-eyed starling just above his head. “See, if I were a
“You don’t owe me anything–” John stammered. “Finding you – meeting you – it was enough.”
It was
John felt baffled – perhaps teleporting was more common than he had realized.
The creature suddenly growled, raising the hair on the back of John’s neck.
The nightmares persist longest – might not go away for ages, the counselor says – as John’s subconscious continues to rigorously, misguidedly, prepare him for impending attacks. But if Sherlock’s strong arms don’t restore peace to him in the night, he finds that his violin does.
“Wait, this isn’t fair, I can’t use two hands holding the damn bag.”
“Well, doctor,” John says into the silence, still a little wobbly from the wave of volcanic activity in his chest. “Your diagnosis?”
“He’s my
Sherlock tents his fingers at his lips. “It is…  a bit more complicated than it seems, though your intuition was accurate. We were going to share this news at dinner, as well as a number of other recent developments and clarifications.”
“I wanted you to throw down paper.” John said, wonderingly.
“Yes,
did?”
“My soup
John seems to have dozed off and Sherlock soaks up the sweet sensation of his back pressed against his own chest, desire prickling his nerves.
John nodded.
The dads watch this sweet tableau with misty smiles. Extricating her nose from a pudgy fist, Molly pulls Sherlock’s scarf from the coat hook and pushes it into his hands.
John pinks and gives him a leer. “Couldn’t you just get it hushed up?”
John eases away and places a hand onto Sherlock’s chest, over his healing scar. He can feel Sherlock’s heartbeat drumming against his palm, eyes shining, burning into him. John’s voice is rough, quiet, the breath of his words soft on Sherlock’s face.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes, you deserve love.”
Sherlock’s thoughts felt fuzzy and slow, but he clawed through them, trying to retrace his memories. They’d been in the forest after his crash. John had…
“Be alert,” buzzed the Netter.
Knowing he needs to stay still for Sherlock to pick the lock, John makes himself drift limply. He pushes back the doubts creeping in, mentally urging Sherlock on as if the thoughts could travel to him through the water.
“–Mary?” he says quietly, anxious, confused, then louder. “Mary! Jesus,
Sherlock, cross-legged on his bed and surrounded by piles of paper, braces himself.
“But you’re absolutely right, they look like
The freezing water is up to his chin and climbing rapidly. He struggles against chains restraining each arm and leg.
“I didn’t study babies!” John snaps, punching a finger on the button for the ground floor.
and he’d be lucky to ever find the Wall again. His fist balled against his leg. But how even to escape? Defect? Impossible, they’d hunt him down. He’d hang. He could feign madness, but the Netters had truth-detectors.
He was right. Sherlock’s stomach gave an alarming rumble and the toast-scented forest around them began to dissolve.
“By the Wall… You’d have been, what, barely fifteen?”
“Oh, we know.” She rolls her eyes. “The moment you got cold feet, progress completely floundered.” She crosses her arms, looking bored. “Sorry, Sherlock, there’s no lounging away your summer holiday reading chemistry and writing smut to boys. We need you back to finish what you began.”
“True. But I discovered today that taking you by surprise is much more fun.”
They sit in tense silence for long moments. Sherlock wonders how long John is going to make him stay still. All of his nerves are aflame.
“Yes, Sherlock,” she replies impatiently. “I will uphold my portion of our deal. I will make the necessary adjustments to my
“You’re not hit, John?” he gasps. “You’re okay?”
“Yea, I’ll be needing some help to sort out all the nonsense in here.”
“Last chance, Faerie-lover!” Orvis sing-songed.
Kinsey grinned, clearly misinterpreting John’s horror for astounded disbelief. “Just a matter of months till they make the order. So you see? Doesn’t matter if you're old or have a bum arm or whatever – everyone’s soon to get their chance. Incredible, eh?”
“Unfortunately, I didn’t take too well to hearing it, then. I started to yell a bit. Wasn’t good for me to wake up, finding you like that, without any idea of how it had happened....”
“Go on, you like it. Tell me why I travel around with such a ridiculously overstocked first aid kit.”
“Very good.” He smiles warmly at him. Sherlock’s belly fills with honey.
Sherlock blinks rapidly, digesting this.
“Mrs. Hudson, it is entirely possible you have been compromised. The passcode.”
“Dozens. It became quite a preoccupation. None could guarantee his survival beyond a meager margin.”
weird. But he says there is a high prollybillity that the new med’cine will help you remember. Are you ready?” The rat sniffs energetically at her nose in response, making Lissa giggle.
“Be a real waste of a lovely bit of underwater lock-picking. Your nutter of a sister must be having a grand time watching you dance.”
“Where’d you find blankets?” he asks thickly, incredulous. Sherlock is wrapping his dry suit jacket around John’s feet.
Huge thanks to my supportive and diligent beta, ShirleyCarlton.
could’ve burnt those cretins with a touch. Hell, even a bloody
The man startles, his haughtiness evaporating.
A sharp gasp stops him. Not his own. Then who? Mary? No.
“Oh sure,” he quipped sarcastically, “and next time we’re in danger, I’ll inflate into a balloon and float us to safety.”
Sherlock’s eyes take on a soft focus as he balances the algebraic equation of his deductions. After a moment, he gasps.
be behind the building, in the middle of
“The medium’s been a captive for some time. The elephant handlers said he’s been with them four, maybe five years.” Lestrade pulled a rolled up playbill from his inner coat pocket and opened it with a flourish. The painting showed a fantastical rendering of a man with arms outstretched as if to enchant the crowd. His dark hair curled wildly, green eyes piercing from the shadows of his hooded cloak.
“You don’t play the trumpet.”
Thanks so much for reading.
John slowly drifts up from the blackness of deep, leaden sleep. He can still feel Sherlock’s arms around him, the warmth of his chest pressing against his back, can still feel his breath and tears on his neck.
“Sherlock, you’ve saved my life.”
“Divisionists break: felling trees and mining deep,
Sherlock returns the grin and rolls his eyes.
“You’re a liar,” Sherlock seethes, fists squeezing at his sides.
“Can you move very much?”
“Mr. Holmes?”
John chuckled and gave his shirt a rueful sniff as he looked through the pile with interest. He held up a dark blue, square-cut coat. “These are handsome – my thanks.”
“Yes,” Sherlock snaps testily. “He obviously put two and two together. There
There must be more to this. He looks around briefly for supplies to take a blood sample, but of course they don’t just leave needles lying around. His fingers begin to race over Sherrin’s unconscious body, along his chest and neck, peering at his fingernails, breathing deeply over his hair. It’s not adding up. When he hears his parents’ footsteps approaching, he leaps back and slumps into a chair at the bedside, painting a somber expression on his face, but his mind is churning with his half-formed deductions.
Sherlock sighs expansively. “Greg, can I get you a drink? I don’t believe you would say no to an old fashioned.”
“Well, to be fair, I saw it the first time you made a delivery.”
Sherlock's grin curdles as he heaves an irritated sigh. “Sergeant Donovan."
He can barely walk and Sherlock is orchestrating a rematch. He tries to make his mind think about a plan, some way they can outwit her, but too many unanswered questions pull at him.
The sodden afternoon light was fading and Lissa had scoured the patch for every last seedpod when he heard John calling from the cottage yard.
“Oh. Wow. I… bit sudden? Haven’t even had dinner yet.”
Sherlock nods, easing back up to his feet. “I wouldn’t have fallen. But your reflexes, Doctor, are admirable as always.”
Panic is lancing through his limbs. John holds his breath painfully, fighting against the chains. Giving one last fierce tug, his right arm suddenly breaks loose from the chain, fist clenched, arcing out of the water and through the air –
Sherlock chuckled, his annoyance thawing.
there will be a cue. It’s in my closet. The tie, not the cue.”
“John…” he feels Sherlock’s hand on his shoulder, gentle. His voice is very quiet. “Lower your gun. This has all gone wrong. Let me talk to her.” He squeezes John’s shoulder. “Rosamund,” Sherlock’s voice shakes. “Whatever you’re doing, we can help you–”
sorry I had to keep so much from you. Those years he was gone, it was a horror watching you grieve. But if I told and you came to danger, I just–”
Mycroft pushes to his feet, glaring at him, the familiar expression far more comfortable to bear.
“Oh, not
Does that mean I still get to be Auntie Molly?” She releases John and strides over to Sherlock, hugging him along with Mrs. Hudson. “And Sherlock! Why did it take a bloody
The pale young man preened slightly, then checked himself. “I’m sorry, Doc. But I
“Mm, not here,
“Thank you,” John pants quietly against his shoulder. Then, because he might explode from the fierce emotion, “What took you so bloody long to get here?”
Sherlock grins sleepily. “It only makes me daft when you read it.”
“I’ll tell you,” Sherlock interrupted in a quiet purr, “if you agree to help me with a certain project.”
“It’s... it’s just incredible to meet you.”
“Did I wake you?” Sherlock mumbles apologetically.
“Well, thank you, on behalf of the Western World…” Sherlock smiles.
Sherlock’s nerves had continued to fray as they’d been brought from the dark car through a subterranean garage, John feeling very out of place toting a bag full of baby things past so many armored vehicles. They’d been led by their driver up a rattling utility elevator, then through gray, silent halls to their tiny, fluorescent-lit hospital room.
“Oh, well.” Heat rose up his neck. “You as well. Utterly different.”
Two chapters today! xo - mama'o
“I’ll go warm up a bottle–”
“Will be my concern. It was never part of our agreement.”
John froze mid-step
“Really?” John peaks his eyebrows at him. “Not what most people say.” He grins mischievously.
“John…” he says in a desperate whisper, “it was my dearest wish.”
“–unless it gives consent, yes.”
I read a lot about the brain and sleep and dreams and thermodynamics this week. There are worse ways to spend one's middle of the nights...
Write me the gist of your idea.
“Aw, hell,” Sherlock grins shyly. “Where’s the fun in that?”
“Dada,” Lissa startles his reverie, looking up at him from beneath her serious brows as she gently places Lyra back into the terrarium. “That was good. But we need more data. I’ll get Fili out next.”
Snapping open the egg on a hidden hinge, he unlocks the memory of John at his bedside when it was
, would cook it all and preserve the harvest.”
“Well,” Sherlock breathes. “Glad we’ve finally cleared that up.” He begins to giggle. John’s composure cracks and he leans his forehead against Sherlock chest, wheezing with laughter.
Scowling at the praise, Sherlock makes a b-line for his work table. He’s half-heartedly re-reviewing the toxicology screenings for the victim – again seeing nothing unusual – when he hears John’s breathing pattern change. He turns to find him curled on his side and fast asleep, his nose dipping into the still-open book.
She considers Sherlock over her tea, surprisingly calm.
“These formulas are yours, Billy. I want to keep you as far from these people as possible – you shouldn’t be mixed up with them at all. But since you are, you should absolutely be getting compensated for your work.”
“At ease, Cadet.” Lestrade gave the boy what he hoped was an encouraging smile. “Stan, see if you can set that
Must’ve been a bad one. But what? The fog swirls around him. Sleep pools into his eyes and nose and mouth. As he slides down he tells himself he’ll get right back to that thought.
began to chirrup again. A little more of the tension in his chest loosened.
Sherlock’s face appears at the edge, so close, pale and breathless. He reaches down to him. With a grip like iron, he pulls John out over the well’s mossy lip onto the grass. Taking his weight, Sherlock half-drags him away from the edge. John’s legs have no strength and buckle beneath him. He collapses against Sherlock in a pile of sodden rope.
“We’ve got to keep moving,” Sherlock muttered, giving John’s arm a small tug as he weakly trudged on. John matched his slow step shoulder to shoulder, watching from the corner of his eye for any sudden dizziness.
“Simple.” The deduction tumbles out. “The cut of your hair and physical bearing says military. Likely a lieutenant due to the ease with which you give orders to strangers.” Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Your hands and face are tanned, but it doesn’t reach past your wrists or neckline. Musculature of your fingers, lack of callouses, says you performed specialist work, possibly as a surgeon. You limp and favor your left arm. Wounded in battle, recently removed from service. You’re trying to get by on a military pension, pedaling Szechuan chicken around London to help you afford a piece of shite flat. So, where does a man have occupational exposure to the sun, become recently injured in military combat, and land himself back in London? Afghanistan or Iraq.”
Careful to keep his chin stubble from rasping her skin, he kisses Lissa’s downy head and realizes she’s in need of a fresh nappy.
A deep, muffled voice carries through the door.
But before Sherlock can ask his next question, the door suddenly opens on their midnight purgatory, an entourage of blue-clad nurses filling the tiny room. John and Sherlock are instantly up, at attention in their socked feet, hair tugged into peaks, eyes deeply shadowed.
“Then I have you to thank for keeping my memory intact when the new serums crossed in my system,” he says, smiling gently. He holds her at arm’s length and looks at her seriously. “Thank you,” he says quietly. “Thank you so much for... helping him. So many times. When I couldn’t.” He hugs her again. “You have saved us.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him. “John,” he said carefully. “Though I carry only half the blood of the Faerie, I am honor-bound to provide you a boon for your service.”
Mrs. Hudson flopped onto the sofa as Lune padded through the door, likely sensing her distress. He lunged up onto the sofa and settled next to her, the frame creaking, and rested his head in her lap. Mrs. Hudson idly scratched behind his ear. “I can’t find one, though not for lack of trying,” she said bitterly.
The nurse considers him carefully, then nods.
happened and they gave him a dose of TD-10 to quiet him…
The storm passes, sobs gentling to hitches of breath, and John lets himself lay utterly spent against him, washed up from a shipwreck. He sucks in a deep, shuddering breath and squeezes Sherlock weakly.
The world spun around John and his heart thundered in his chest. He smelled the sap of cracked pine boughs. Every part of him ached. But amazingly, he was alive. He jumped up with a pulse of concern for Sherlock, but a flash of blinding pain in his right leg sent him sprawling back into the leaves.
“I haven’t been the best big brother to you these many years. I’ve taken advantage of your boredom to get through the tedium of my collegiate responsibilities. I’ve been absent, caught up in my own games when I should have been a better friend. So. Let this trust give you a little flexibility to follow your bliss when you come of age. In case the more
Wouldn’t put it past you for one last daring act of gallantry. Of course, how silly of me, thinking you’d put the safety of thousands of innocents before our sweet John.”
Sherlock wakes at 4:47am to find a small bare foot pressed against his cheek, their tiny daughter taking up the majority of the mattress between them, head resting on John’s blanket-covered calves. Not daring to move too much, Sherlock hugs her feet to his chest and wraps his arm around John in a gesture that has become automatic. A gesture that’s become
“Just keep some on you, always. You never know when your next prince charming’s going to waltz into your path and destroy your better judgement. You’re smart, Billy, but we all get stupid in the heat of the moment.”
Sherlock nods.
John frowns. “You’re telling me that was really—”
“Sorry, Billy, it’s just­ –
“Indeed. And I should learn my own magical camping techniques.”
observant.”
me. Mary, are you okay, what’s
Sherlock frowns, slouching close to John against the pillows propped up on the headboard, turning the laptop toward him. His eyes scan the article rapidly. Suddenly he begins to laugh.
He pushes the thoughts into a shadowy corner of his mind palace, stashes the jars back in the tiny fridge and pulls out a black vinyl case holding rudimentary physician’s tools.
“Right then, pip pip, off you go.”
“I was just thinking about it,” John said, startled. “Am I not blocking well, and you’re just being polite?”
“Did our little creature just make that enormous sound?”
“Another time.” She levitated the second stack of clothing onto his lap with a soft thump. “Do accept this fresh clothing, dear, your woolens reek of a Thames dunking.”
From: redbeard001@ox.edu
“Sweet dreams, Billy. You’ll thank me for it in the morning.”
Sherlock rubs his fingers through John’s short, soft hair and kisses his temple.
John huffs a mirthless laugh. “How ‘bout we start her somewhere a bit
He bit his lip.
Molly rips off the sheet and Sherlock erupts from the table. He rubs the fake blood off of his face with his sleeve and pauses just long enough to grip Molly’s hand in what he hopes expresses his deepest thanks. He locks eyes with hers, watery and worried.
“Sherrin.”
“Oh. I didn’t even feel mine – I can do it–”
“And you’d be the expert, I’m sure.” Sherlock huffs a sigh. “Here, thirty quid. Goodnight.” He holds the notes out for the man to take and leave him be, but he doesn’t. He actually leans against the doorway, arms crossed, as if he doesn’t have three other orders congealing in the rain in his bike basket outside. He stares a challenge at Sherlock.
“He should have at least entertained the possibility that another had been there, seen the traces of multiple footprints in the carpet. But of course, he doesn’t notice those things. He did the best he could with the available facts, for an average detective.”
“I’m going to climb out and make something to carry you out with. I won’t be long.”
“I retire, of course. Now that Rosamund is in custody, it’s finally safe for me to fully relinquish the job to Mycroft.”
“Sherlock, you can’t keep hiding out in the forest. You’re terrifying Mum.”
“Think nothing of it,” William hummed. “You were sick as river rats last night. Here, come up to table and ‘ave a cuppa.” William set them gently on the cluttered table and moved away to pour tea from a huge kettle steaming on a squat-legged stove.
to lead them. This role has existed for a very long time. I myself have known two Moriarties in my tenure with the British government and as junior member. Jim Brook was eccentric, but effective. However, everything began to unravel for him when we learned–”
“Too right,” Chen relaxes, warming into his subject. “Toes are bloody
“Do come in, John!” Her merry voice sounded strangely far away. “Lune will show you the way! Help yourself to a biscuit!” John swallowed nervously and pushed into the flat, finding it warm and comfortable, smelling of cinnamon.
Sherlock cuts in
“For what span, and how long?”
Sherlock becomes lost in thought and settles into his chair, fingertips tented below his chin. John lets him be and puts on tea.
“I know.”
In the darkness of their bedroom, the baby monitor chirps to life. Melissa’s distorted, reedy cry snaps John from his sleep with a jolt.
“We can vouch for you, mate,” he stage whispers as John thumbs her speed contact, then walks to a far corner of the small hospital room, fumbling through a lame apology.
he thought loudly. He strained to hear anything in the thick silence of the water. His mind did not fill with Sherlock’s deep rumble. Lungs aching for air, heart pounding in his ears, John pushed for the surface. Bubbles erupted from his mouth as he collided with a solid shape.
Sherlock thumps down onto a fallen log, replaying his memories of the summer in the blinding light of Mycroft’s information.
Another chapter is on the heels of this one, with enormous thanks to my beta, shirleycarlton. Though she is an ocean away, it often feels like she's sitting right by my side giving me excellent – and very patient! – advice.
“When were you going to fill me in on that bit?”
Before he could get the boots back onto her feet, Lissa dashed off the log, impervious to the prickly forest floor. She’d gotten solid callouses running half-wild during their holiday.
John is dimly aware that two nurses are stationed outside their door. He carefully unwraps the blanket from the howling infant, now only in a ridiculously small diaper, her umbilical cord stumped in gauze, her whole body red with the effort of crying.
All of her softness drops like a curtain. John is horrified to see that she is almost unrecognizable without the kindly guise. She is
“I know, I know!”
Sherrinford shakes his head darkly.
“No, not these blokes, Billy. Rather wish I hadn’t gotten wrapped up with them. Prickly lot, very cagey, lots of dark suits and concealed weapons.”
They weren’t quite friends, not yet, but Jonas was one of the few boys who could be counted on to throw the new kid the ball during a match. Sometimes when Johnny didn’t have a lunch, Jonas had shared his. He’d seemed so
interesting.” The medium’s eyes sparkled. “Unlike your fellow acolytes, you chose to further your study in the forbidden manipulation of base elements.
John went rigid, frowning down at Sherlock. “What do you mean?”
He releases Sherlock’s wrist and pushes him toward the door. Sherlock glances back quickly as he stumbles into the hall, the anger blazing at him from his brother’s eyes. Sherrin slams the door behind him.
“Guess I just saved myself the price of a pint,” John muttered. His gaze settled on the small, striped tent. A truly clairvoyant
“Done?”
it now.”
“Sorry, just… mentally eating you. Please, you were saying.”
John drops his fork into the dish and flops back onto the couch with a contented sigh.
Christ, what had he expected? Sherlock to look up from his microscope with surprise, pleasure? More of that smoldering intensity he’d glimpsed the last few months? Or at the very least cranky Sherlock, certainly distracted Sherlock, caught up in his train of thought, pulling John in as if he belonged there, as if he had only been gone an hour, never mind a month.
“Hm. What’s this one called?”
“I’m a bit out of practice.” Sherlock’s hands fidget.
While John settles his things, Sherlock changes into the midnight-blue shirt that brings out his eyes and finds John waiting for him at the door in that black and white striped thing that makes him look youthful and adorable. He hasn’t worn it in ages. Sherlock grins and holds out his arm for John to take and leads him down to the street.
They set to eating, the kitchen quiet but for the clinks of forks on plates. Lestrade stares into the middle distance, shaking his head. Finally, he heaves a sigh.
“Nothing of the sort.” Mycroft smiles grimly. “While we know that our target did not return to 221B and no one but your landlady and Ms. Hooper have since gone through this door, we are taking every precaution.”
Sherlock returns with the pajamas, but John doesn’t take them. His eyes still have the pained, faraway fire in them. He turns to Sherlock, blinking as he returns to himself, and asks, “Aren’t you wearing any?”
“If you’d given me ten more minutes, I’d have had them,” Sherlock mutters irritably.
Back in the cool, polished mahogany-quiet of the manor, Sherlock curls up in a wing-back chair, knees folded under his chin, eyes settling into a familiar soft focus as he studies the crumpled formula. Sherrinford pours a whiskey for himself from their father’s liquor cabinet and finds a lemonade in the ice box for Sherlock, lobbing the bottle toward him. Without looking up, Sherlock holds up his hand, catching the bottle with a sharp slap against his palm.
He lets the hurt gather in his limbs and pounds it into the sidewalk through the soles of his feet, squeezes his fists as they swing by his sides, fingernails biting palms. Sherlock’s sharp, dismissive words cycle around and around his mind.
“Angelo’s?”
The dam holds, but enough seeps through that by the time the moon is beginning to disappear behind the opposite edge of the well, the water is at his chin when he treads, over his head when he stands. The heavy chain tugs him down and his limbs feel leaden.
But it’s all been transformed—tables cluttered with lab equipment, an IV standing nearby. His eyes goggle.
He takes a step closer, chest heaving. His voice rings in the damp woods.
“Next time.”
Sherlock’s laptop was brought with no charge. They didn’t think to grab a book. There’s no phone reception. John’s eyes dart around the room for something to distract him. It’s empty but for a stripped bed and a plastic chair, not the most comfortable accommodations.
Sherlock shifts the coat-cocoon until their faces are close.
and pointing upstairs. I brought her up to see what she was after, but she just kept it up, pointing all around and saying it over and over!”
, John.”
“Well?”
What will become of it? Will Mary terminate the pregnancy? There’s still time. Or will she keep it as the spoils of her conquest? Retain it for future blackmail? He fumbles with the tapes, frowning. He can postulate all he likes about the child’s position in his game of chess with Mary, but the simple realization sits firmly in his mind, shocking him.
you to, but you were getting married. Even if I knew it was all blackmail,
“Oy, freak!”
Sherlock studies John’s right hand resting on the sheet, the one with no IV or wires. And no ring. He scowls. Did the hospital staff remove it? No… he thinks back to the confrontation with Mary at the flat two days ago, plays the memory in his mind.
Sherlock coughed again. Feverish and utterly exhausted, he faded into sleep.
Sherlock huffs a sigh. He
A few minutes later, Mrs. Hudson breathed a relieved sigh as John sat back, shaking out his hand. “Ah, that is
“Don’t chase her away, Sherlock. She must’ve been worried sick.”
“Could have, but didn’t. Might have attracted suspicion if I suddenly died after my promising recovery. I’m still not completely certain she didn’t try – I am known to be indestructible.” John huffs without humor. “It was confusing, then. The morphine made it harder to think. But I could hear her, leaning over me, telling me very clearly that I mustn’t breathe a word of anything to you, to the police. The usual threats. She only turned my morphine pump down a few points just to make herself clear.”
“Yes.”
John comes to him, burp cloth draped over a shoulder and, threading his arms around Sherlock’s middle, beams wearily down at their contented child.
Perplexed by his companion’s nerves, Sherlock glanced around to consult with Lune, but the lustrous black panther was not in his place by the fire. Sherlock watched John carefully attending to their host with no sign of jitters.
Sherlock leans back into his chair with a huff, the leather creaking. It is full night, streetlight illuminating part of John’s face as he sits across from him, limbs relaxed, face inscrutable.
John felt bewildered. “You
Sherlock shakes his head, just a tiny movement against John’s neck.
As John had predicted, the casework pushes his anxious thoughts aside. Even slouched in bed, it feels good to
“No,” he says gently. “You have your logic backwards, and it’s no wonder with the scars you bear. Now. I am going to be perfectly clear about this, and I will repeat it as often as necessary. Are you listening?”
Sherlock shrugs. "Haven't heard of it."
John seethes. “Sergeant Donovan, instead of standing about insulting my
“I did a stint as medic in a Cloud District workshop during my training. Not the safest conditions. Gives a nasty burn, steam. Oh, look there–” John pointed down the block to a tall boy on a corner playing a fiddle, his case open at his feet. “He’ll wait till the shift change and slip in with the workers. It’s a decent trade, busking in a workshop. Completely illegal, but it keeps the workers happy so the bosses usually turn a blind eye.”
Tallack sneered. “The circus lot only has basic magical acumen. Nothing among ‘em indicates wild abilities that’d enable such a heathen power.”
And then there are hands gripping his head, fast breath, a forehead pressing into his, fingers squeezing his skull, and the smell of Sherlock all around him.
not Rosamund. She was Mary, back then, his wife, and damn him, but some part of him loved her. He can do this, he can pull this off, if he remembers that.
“All of it, ‘cept for the bit when you say you got knocked out.”
John.” His voice rings in the quiet flat.
“Oh. Well. That’s alright.” John blushes crimson. “I am, too.”
A tension he had not realized he’d been carrying finally dissolves. He feels light. Sherlock turns his head toward him at the door. Their eyes meet. Slow, warm smiles bloom on their faces.
His head throbbed painfully with the horror of it. He realized he wanted very badly to talk to Sherlock.
Sherlock tents his fingers in front of his lips and peers at him over his fingertips. “Not sure, honestly. Depends.”
Blinking with surprise and feeling overawed to be alone in the forest, John hurried into the ring. A sensation like cool water crossed his skin.
“Oh. Right then.” John still felt awkward, but oddly warmed. “Ta.” A companionable silence stretched between them as they followed the fire cat along the bridge. “So… when you were a boy, how did you cross? What was it like there?”
Sherlock grinned fully.
The dim room is in disarray – clothes strewn about, a window open. He catches his breath and rushes in. Tangled in the blankets, Rosie lies sideways, half out of bed, face pressed against the rug, asleep. One small, bare foot thumps against the wall, her limbs twitching beneath the wave of a nightmare.
As John mapped a route to the quadies, the man’s trajectory veered toward his tree. He wore the dark, belted coat and square hat of an Agent. John’s scalp prickled. The Agent held out a large glass orb, a Skutter’s Dome. A pulse of bright white energy crackled within the dome, pushing agitated tendrils against the glass. John knew the rays would point like a compass needle toward wild magic.
Mary eyes him, bored. “You didn’t.”
Rosamund laughs as she begins to walk back to John.
It takes a long, shuffling few minutes to traverse across the bedroom and down the hall. When they arrive at the bathroom, a monumental feat in itself, Sherlock tenses and turns away as John unties the pajamas and thumps heavily onto the toilet seat.
John’s smile faded, his face becoming fierce and thoughtful. “Don’t be an idiot. No way I’d let them catch you.”
“Alright, let’s not have a repeat of last time, John, I don’t need you to wake up to me with a broken nose.”
With Lissa’s eagle eye, they found one untouched pod and, as if the thing were a stick of unstable dynamite, pulled up the plant. Lissa delegated the tricky job of transport to Sherlock and ran ahead through the damp grass toward the cottage, the soles of her pale little bare feet flashing.
Awkwardly floating in his bulky harness, John wonders if the rope is really going to hold his weight. Sherlock gives a final decisive tug on a knot. He speaks slowly, deliberately, as if John’s already-inferior mind cannot comprehend speech in his frozen, half-drowned state.
“Yes, hullo love,” John coos. “Welcome to planet earth. You must be knackered. We’ll get you some proper milk, course we will.”
Sherrinford can anticipate any variable of cards just by deducing his own hand and the expressions of the other players. Except when he gets drunk, which is almost always. By the end of the game he’ll be down a few hundred quid if he’s lucky. More if he was cocky. Which is also almost always.
“I would very much like to see her forest.”
“Ah, that’s my girl.” William affectionately tickled the creature under her chin. “Now fellows, I’ll get you as far as the bridge top. Sparks here will lead you the rest of the way.”
“Really, Sherlock, this isn’t a movie. Just because you’ve caught me by surprise doesn’t mean I’m going to unveil all of my plans to you.” She rolls her eyes, sips her tea.
He pushes up to sit closely next to John on the bed and wraps him into a tight embrace. That does it. The hot, painful surge behind John’s eyes breaks through the dam. “John, if this child is not genetically yours, it will need parents. Rosamund has no remaining family. We could find the child a home. The League has excellent resources.” John sniffs and shudders. “Or…
“Sylvain. It’s my favorite of the lot.”>
~ o ~
“Oh shite, where was it? I misplaced it ages ago.”
“No key, looked,” John murmurs against his shoulder. Now that he has something to rest on, the weariness has flooded him and he lets his eyes slide closed. “Don’t s’pose you brought your lock pick.” He is surprised to feel Sherlock’s chuckle deep in his chest, rumbling against his own.
different night.”
Sherlock’s eyes flash angrily. “She’s been subdued. Nothing to fear from her at the moment.” Mouth tight with concern, he side-swims John over to the wall and puts the rope in his hands. John realizes that not even Sherlock can easily touch the bottom now. The reality of his timing with the lock makes him shudder. His teeth begin to chatter again and he’s shaking.
.” He sucks in his breath, looking up at the ceiling, a blush rising up his neck. “I mean… what if I have a nightmare while I’m in bed next to you. I could hurt you in my sleep. Again.”
In less than 30 seconds, she’s done it. Lissa scampers to the other end of the maze, face aglow beneath her goggles, and reaches into a pocket of her little lab coat (a birthday gift from Mycroft) for a crumbly lump of muffin. She watches with frank adoration as the little rat devours her prize.
John swallowed hard, feeling bewildered to be a character in a premonition. He wasn't anybody special.
“Still, to have no one young to play with…”
“Brook? But that was just a pen name he created.”
Within five minutes, the flat has filled with the Moriarty’s operatives, no police for this job. Some are familiar to them. One waves.
“Why? I love your ears.”
“John, they were willfully housing an illegal halfblood.” He sighed. “I’m sure she did it to keep me safe. Still, I
He listens to the soft footfalls of John’s slippered feet on the carpet, the crackle of a plastic bag, smells tea and something sweet. He follows the sounds of John puttering around the room and then puzzles over a long stretch of silence.
John aches for it to be this simple, the two of them curled on the couch just like he’d imagined every time they’d watched a movie. Thinking about takeout, talking through a new case. He’s exhausted and the crying has left him feeling hollow and fragile. But there is an assassin at large. He sighs wearily.
He shivers in his wet clothes and with a huff, decides it’s time to stand. His stiff muscles protest as he pulls himself to his feet and starts to stumble, but he’s suddenly caught by firm hands. Sherlock whirls, agents and spies filling his imagination, but it’s an even more shocking sight to behold beneath the trees.
In the shadow of the big top was a small, grubby tent striped like a peppermint. Swirling letters on a peeling wooden sign declared the unparalleled abilities of the medium within. Wavering outside its closed flap were two Royal Wall Guardsmen, conspicuous in their dull, off-duty woolens and peaked caps.
Dead battery? Impossible, John is meticulous about keeping their phones charged, in the event they ever need to call for an emergency. He’d even bought extra chargers and left them near spots they tended to get stuck under their sleeping baby. Sherlock always texted John at the clinic when Melissa was asleep on him – it was a whole new playing ground for flirting – and John had caught on to the habit.
With a hard pulse of energy from John’s hand, Sherlock heaved, the foul water gurgling out of his mouth until he was seized by a healthy fit of coughing that cleared out the worst of it.
John grins, baffled. “I don’t have the slightest idea what the
“You will say nothing of our little arrangement to John Watson or the League. When I have my serums, you get John.”
Sherlock stands a few paces behind her, out of her line of sight, silently pulling something from behind a book on the crowded shelves. His hand slips into his dressing gown pocket.
magic had finally bloomed last spring, just after his tenth birthday.
On the sofa, they sit very quietly. John stares at his hands, exhausted from the telling.
Sherlock sighed wearily. “You are clearly withholding some development that you feel I am too weak to hear.” He caught John’s eye and held it for several long beats.
“I have.”
Sherlock leans against the hallway wall, his breath coming in shallow gulps. He waits one minute. Then five, then five more. Steeling himself, his hand shaking as he turns the knob, he reenters Sherrin’s room.
“Off, Sherlock,” John demands. In response, as if a magnet had propelled him from John’s side, Sherlock spins away and slips through the bathroom door, quickly locking it behind him.
Sherlock obeys.
you. I think I’ve probably always loved you.”
John takes charge, leaning back just far enough to quickly tug off the old shirt and toss it aside, their eyes locking and igniting sparks.
The list of
“Alright. Yes. This, John, is the final piece that I have had to withhold to ensure your safety.” He takes a deep breath. “I will understand if, once told, you want to reconsider your proposal to return to Baker Street–”
The lift pauses to admit an orderly who gives him a sympathetic look. They ride in silence.
John peeks behind the earlier pages in the baby book, all crammed with Sherlock’s extensive details. “You’re going to be ace when we take it to the pediatrician for checkups. You’ll have charts detailing the color and consistency of each nappy’s contents.”
You should write a blog about it.”
Sherlock sighs. “I know what you’re going to say.
John chews his thumbnail. Sherlock grins, but says nothing.
go to
“Okay, erm, Mr. Holmes–”
Sherlock comes to him quickly, his expression smoldering, intense, and kneels at John’s feet, wrapping his arms around him and looking up into his eyes.
He escapes down the alley, back toward the sunlit carpark.
John lifts his head from where it’s been buried in Sherlock’s coat, stepping away carefully to face Mycroft, customarily immaculate in his perfectly-fitted suit and mahogany-polished shoes, leaning on a matte black umbrella with a smooth, ergonomically shaped handle. John feels bone-weary, wrung out, but after all Sherlock has told him in the last two days, he is insatiably curious to take in the Mycroft he now knows so much about. He finds he rather likes him a bit more than usual.
“So. Our brilliant young Jim finds himself suddenly with a looming death sentence. He has felt immortal until this moment, bending the world to his whim, manifesting peace where all others saw anarchy and inevitable bloodshed, thinking in his hubris, perhaps, that he can even outwit death by foreseeing all of the outcomes and avoiding his own demise. But no doctor could fix him. How many did he demand to see?”
So that’s it. He’s been drugged, on one of the... mad sister’s whims. Eris...Eros? What was her name and why is it slipping away from him? Might be the drug. He scrubs his face wishing he could sort fact from dream. Someone’s clearly dumped him here to terrify Sherlock into a frenzy of deduction. And he can’t do a thing to help him.
: Yes. Though not until late.
He nudged John. “Give him a coin. He’s very skilled.”
“Bernard?” John chuckled, walking quickly to keep up with Sherlock’s longer strides.
“Dead,” Sherlock says flatly. Mycroft looks down, swallows hard, and gently rests a hand over his own.
.” He gropes frantically in his pocket for his mobile. He finds that she’d texted around 1 in the morning, after he’d fallen asleep at Sherlock’s bedside. He thumbs through them, the texts progressively evolving from worried to furious. “Jesus, I’ll catch hell,” he whispers, getting a sympathetic look from Greg. “We’d had a row, yesterday. She thinks I was out getting drunk.”
“Grandmere?” Sherlock’s stomach clenches. Wiley, caustic and brilliant, with a tender streak toward him, she has been ancient as long as he can remember. He had vaguely thought of her as immortal. “What’s wrong?”
Sherlock made a sour expression. “The meter is
Not a lot of dicks in your scorecard,” Sherlock mutters.
“Not good?”
Enjoy!
“You were asking me to wake up, you know. After you’d wrapped me up in your coat.” He feels a blush creeping up his neck and decides not to divulge
“I… yes. All of it. Every word.”
“John. Focus. What else do you remember?”
“No, stop, you did the right thing, Billy, you used your heart. I’m just—” His voice chokes and the rest comes out as a whisper. “I’m so sorry they did this to you. So sorry. It’s my fault. Utterly my fault.”
John had the sudden mad idea of stealing one of the robotic steeds, then racing back to Sherlock and outrunning them deep into the forest. But there was the clearing between he and the quadies that he’d have to skirt, and his footfalls would need to be delicate in the dry leaves to go unheard.
Sherlock felt a buzz of excitement. “John, hold on. I woke some time ago. We were in the bed of a bridge troll. Can you tell me what happened?”
. Of course you had something to do with it,” she seethes, her sweetness lancing daggers. “A fraud, in
“That’s… christ, Sherlock, that’s
Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade of the Queen’s Royal Agents, Wall Division, impatiently held out his hand for the letter without taking his eyes from the report he was skimming. He noted with a sniff of annoyance that his mug of tea had gone cold.
At the aviary, the smell of straw and seed was comforting. Doves cooed on perches, waiting to be dispatched with letters along their trained routes. Lestrade was mystified why the message contraptions traveled among living birds.
While by succeeding years surpast,
Sherlock nods and leans into John's shoulder. He understands. More than he can say.
He nods and slips out.
Kneeling between Sherlock’s thighs, John deftly tosses aside the lapels of the silky dressing gown, and with a smooth slide of his palms along his inner thighs, Sherlock suddenly realizes what might be better than the kissing. As John grips him through the thin fabric of his pajama pants, he can only think,
John gave his head a little shake, embarrassed to have begun thought-speaking.
“Shut up!” she hisses, aiming a kick at his ribs and pushing the gun into the back of his head.
“It was a mistake, I just wanted to…  I
“That’s better. I know when I’ve had a shock. I know when I see it. Drink – there, that’s it.”
“Not really,” Sherlock wrinkles his nose, scooping scrambled eggs onto mismatched plates and balancing them on sealed, unmarked drums of questionable industrial origin.
“Yes.”
“Sherlock’s fine.”
“Course we’ll be needing two bedrooms,” John scoffed, but felt his neck heat. “Not that I could move him off the couch right now.”
wild magic? So, if we brought Sherlock out here–”
“That’s a bloody strange coincidence,” John muttered.
“Ah ah ah,
Sherlock slips into his memory palace, away from the grieving body, into the cool, unemotional safety of their corridors. It is such a relief. The central hallway stretches on infinitely, doors leading off to a honeycomb of rooms that defy gravity and geometry. He runs his fingers along their unique surfaces as he slowly walks past: solid maple, rough iron, filigreed gold, crumbling plaster. Memories rest in these rooms, as perfectly preserved as the moment he lived them. He imagines, with horror, the whole palace crumbling beneath his fingertips, the data irretrievably lost.
But how? They’d been several hours’ zeppelin flight south of the City of Steam. It made no sense.
“Good. Oh, and there’s something we need to pick up on the way home.”
“What’s this?”
Sherlock’s hands freeze as a memory bursts through his thoughts.
“You were preoccupied with the camera. It may have been attracted to the shine of the camera’s body. I was looking down. A shy creature, it would not have made itself conspicuous without reason. A bird of prey can move at terrific speeds when hunting… or defending its nest, which may explain why the surviving brother has no recollection of seeing it, either.”
Shoulder to shoulder, they watch the rat get hopelessly lost in the new maze, then scamper effortlessly through the old one to eagerly devour another lump of scone.
Bewildered, Sherlock returns the hug, his eyes wet against Sherrin’s shoulder.
them.” Tears begin to slide down his face. He doesn’t wipe them away. “I thought I’d healed him. But then my
“I thought of
He breathes him in.
.” John’s face is shining. “Not sure how you’d have possibly read my rank in my, I dunno, my bike bag or the way I part my hair.”
“Yea, can’t see how, but maybe there’s something to it… She
“You want the facts,
, the bustling cluster of inns and cottages in Snowdon’s shadow. The Tanronnen Inn, like much of the town, is built of smooth grey stone and overflowing with pots of red and yellow geraniums. The flinty town looks as if it could weather the ages.
To: wssh1875@iol.com
each using completely unique methods. Each time I was certain I would reach you. Each was intercepted. We barely stopped them in time.”
There is a long pause as they both consider they tiny bundle on Sherlock’s chest, this creature who, in the span of mere minutes, in a process as mysterious as a caterpillar transmuting into a moth within its cocoon, has transformed them from a couple into a
Sherlock nods. Cards are Sherrinford’s weakness. He’s brilliant at the table, can anticipate all of the variables for all of the hands, but he also has a weakness for the drink.
He watches Sherlock pass her a mug of tea. She takes it, laughing.
Sherlock tips his head slightly so he can see John’s eyes.
“You did? How?”
“Ah, the mercurial moods of the artist,” John chuckles. “I’m parched. You want a cuppa?” Sherlock doesn’t respond. John clicks his laptop closed and saunters to the kitchen, setting out two mugs anyway. He’s preoccupied opening a new box of tea when suddenly Sherlock is pressing close behind him, one hand sliding over his eyes, voice rumbling close to John’s ear.
, coupled with the familiar setting, stimulating sound, would reassure the part of your mind that had barricaded you in, theoretically, to keep you safe from further harm.”
“We arrived an hour ago. Look, just come over here
Sherlock, unusually clad in lightweight cargo shorts and a form-fitting performance T-shirt, watches with barely contained delight as John quickly puts the pieces together: Sherlock decked out like a rambler, couch holding a jumble of trekking gear, missing baby.
“Where are we?” Sherlock asked quietly. This forest seemed familiar, too.
“No-no, just… observing.”
Johnny boy? You a halfblood freak like Fletcher? How’d you fool the parson, eh?”
They had been excited. And nervous. John had been confused, as usual, his heart both recoiling from his life and craving it desperately.
Please, send our thanks,” John finishes for him quickly. The nurse slips out.
about Iron Law.”
She crosses her arms, smirking at him dangerously.
“I prefer you, if it’s all the same.”
Feeling his face redden, John nodded and withdrew his hands.
Lestrade nodded. “Let’s head back to the coptor, there’s nothing more to be done here.”
“You were... holding me. In my dream. And when I woke.”
Sherlock felt John’s sharp tinge of sadness again. He was holding something back.
John continued to feed him with the patient efficiency of a field surgeon who had often gone without the aid of nurses.
Relaxed on the bed, Sherlock listens to the distant sounds of John peeing for an age, washing, singing quietly to himself.
There is a new element to his summer holiday that he comes to cherish: afternoon tea with Gran. As a boy it had been a special ritual for them, and some echo of that seems to reside in her. She won’t suffer a drop of it with Mycroft and chases off her nurse. Only Sherlock will do for tea.
The candybar Mycroft stress-eats in the hospital, a peanut butter Lion bar, was really a sweet sold in the UK in the early 90s.
“Go,” Sherlock whispered. “Better one of us gets free.”
“That move,” Sherlock said softly. “It broke your heart.” The clerk locked eyes with him, looking stricken.
“John, have you quite gotten this out of your system yet?” His voice has a nasal buzz. John, looking shockingly unfamiliar wearing his mustache, rage and betrayal chiseled horribly on his features, storms off muttering and hails a cab.
“There. It’s attached to the email I have open.”
“Let me get us a cloth,” he says huskily, and John, still crushed on top of him, obediently rolls aside, a placid smile on his sleepy face.
like John Watson before.
“Keswick. The estate was quite isolated.”
They’d never said anything about keeping his
“Fine, fine,” John chuckled appeasingly. “I’m sure the rumors are far more interesting than the facts.”
“Yes, it’s been very hard. But they feel he’s turned a corner.” She hugs him tightly. “They’re sending him here, to recover.”
John kept his back to the fire and stared into the dark forest through the shield-bubble, straining to hear anything that might indicate pursuit. But the night was peaceful. His weary mind began to drift. A damp, chill wind made the trees sway, occasionally startling him with a long, woeful creak.
John quieted.
Sherlock drifts back into the flat, passes his forgotten bag of dinner, and watches John from the window, lit up in the drizzly glow of the streetlight. Just as he’s about to attach his cane to the bike, John looks at it wonderingly, shaking his head and – yes – laughs to himself. Then he’s off, into the night. Sherlock watches the street for a while, trying to categorize and codify the various new sensations in his body brought about by this unusual interaction. He needs more data. Whirling away from the window, he flops onto the couch with an extravagant sigh.
“Alright?” Sherlock asks gently.
“No, he’s too boring,” Sherlock sighs. “He’s exactly the kind of mind they need.”
He cries for their younger selves, separated by the height of a building; for Sherlock, alone and dead to the world, out doing god knows what for two years trying to keep him alive. The grief of those years surges into him and he grips Sherlock more tightly.
and his home feels alien, the smells immediately pulling him back to the afternoon he’d left to help Sherlock with his final round of IV antibiotics, grateful to have a reason to be out of the house. Mary was going baby-thing shopping, a task he loathed as she always contradicted his opinions and got whatever she wanted, anyway.
“I have heard rumor of a hidden halfblood network in London. I will find them.”
Suddenly Mrs. Hudson’s face fills the screen. “Just look at you two! I can’t recall the last time I’ve seen you so jolly! Good walk, then?”
“Alright, be brilliant, Sherlock. But hurry it up.”
Sherlock looks up guiltily from the ingredients he’s been meticulously measuring into Lestrade’s tumbler with a pipette. “What?”
“He told me on the very first case,” Sherlock says with quiet awe. “He chose to set a murderer after me, one with a ticking time-bomb of an aneurism. But why? Why begin funding petty serial killers, orchestrating smuggling rings? With all of his power, why be a consulting criminal?”
At 900 meters, Sherlock pauses in his scramble to stare reverently at the landscape below: the treeless valley dotted with sparkling lakes, blue-green mountains mottled with cloud-shadow hulking in a companionable cluster. Looking upon it, he is filled with the fantasy of his youth, of being an eagle perched on the flinty crags surveying his kingdom, soaring over the water, a ring bearer gripping the feathers of his back.
John bristled. “You can hear my
Hospital monitors beep and purr. Sherrin looks like he’s asleep, except he’s in a pale, blue-checked hospital gown with wires attached to temple and chest. And completely unresponsive to stimuli.
“Wait,” Sherlock grimaces. “I’ll get to that.” His face falls, radiating guilt. “I wish you’d woken first, with your medical instincts. I should have noticed right away you were in distress. We rushed you to Bart’s–”
Ferns: Fascination, Sincerity, Magic, Secret bond of love,
The threat to his brother tingles at the edge of his conscience. He should probably tell their parents Sherrin’s gotten himself involved in a job that has armed guards at his lab door, a job that’s asking him to make a nasty nightmare knockout drug. But he’d get mad, and then he wouldn’t want to work with him. Which would doubly put him at risk. Not to mention the debt he owes his card sharks. No, if he’s going to get Sherrin out of this, he’s got to do it himself. No one can know.
They nod the nurse out.
“Is there any connection between the victims?” John asked. Though the core of his emotions was still cloaked, Sherlock noted the spark of interest in his companion’s eye.
“Bit big for one, assuming–” he seems to remember himself and blusters, “assuming it’s just you, which, again, is none of my business.”
John blinked at his boyfriend, all soft, sleepy angles, a grin warming his face like a ray of sun.
Lestrade chuckled. “So confidential it’s all anyone’s talking about.”
“I thought you were done with these people, if TD-10 worked.”
“Variations increase random outcomes, which is the point of the game.” John can hear the laughter in Sherlock’s voice. He’s also panting with the exertion. “My eldest brother used to play it with me when I was small, let me make up all kinds of variables. He was a chemist, too. Added ‘Catalyst’ that combined elements – using two hands. Fire and Scissor made molten metal, which of course beat Rock.“
Sherlock is suddenly filled with an agitated energy and pushes off the bed, pacing the room.
Sherlock’s head tips back involuntarily. The
“Dada, I’m
“The doctors are doing everything they can.”
“I’ll explain
Mrs. Hudson strode purposefully into the tall ferns, Lune following.
“Yes.”
Sherlok pads gingerly to the bed on sore feet and looks down at him.
“You’re
Two shots explode in the room. The bedroom light shatters in a spray of glass and everything goes dark.
“I bet it’s his mum,” Byrum mused. “Is that it, Johnny-boy? Your Mum’s really a troll who snuck over the Wall?”
It slips away from him.
“Well, that didn’t take long. Do I have to guess, or–”
“I can only imagine you weren’t always able to be the good guy. You’re not saying it, but I can see it pains you deeply.” He pushes up to sit on the edge of his seat and looks at Sherlock earnestly. “I don’t think any less of you. I think
John tells himself firmly as Sherlock’s hands fly over his skin, deftly removing his ruined shoes and socks, peeling off his sodden jumper, jeans and pants
It was the normal effect of a little iron on any Godly human mage. He frowned. The priest had mumbled something else in Gaelic and moved on to the next child, then the next, leaving all the others dazed and giggling with relief.
“Doesn’t matter. Not what I’m after.” John tosses his phone aside and picks up his book from the bedside table, focusing on the pages. “Good work with that
you. Yes, we’ve been through hell. But I never get a pass for hurting you. Let me save that for any bastard foolish enough to threaten you.” He presses his lips together tightly. “I have… too much anger. I’ve been working on it. In my therapy. But it’s one thing to grapple with it when I’m
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “He got me
"A real bridge troll…” John breathed in amazement.
“Like those blobs I assume are meant to be tomatoes?”
…. You’re going to be okay.”
Hello! This chapter grew so long that it needed to be two. There's quite a cliff-hanger in between, so I'm posting ch19 with it. Work on ch20 is well under way. Huge thanks to shirleycarlton for her excellent beta'ing! Best to you all, and thank you for continuing to follow this tale!
Eyes half-lidded with drink and the warmth of the fire, John grins.
Sherlock hates to admit it, but it’s a brilliant idea. He eyes his pirate-chemist brother, fresh from a kitchen raid, already edging away toward his room.
“He dumped me here,” John burst out. “Flew off, probably leagues away by now.”
Panic pulses through him.
John shook his head with disbelief. “What kind of a game is this? How much of my silver are you after?”
“Mm. Text me,” he replies flatly. “I’ll order in pad kee mow to celebrate.” They are silent for several moments.
With a wild pulse of horror, John throws himself onto Rosamund’s prostrate form as she stirs, regaining consciousness. He pulls her arms tightly behind her back and finally finds his voice.
“By the Netters?” John nearly growled.
levitating a huge bundle of firewood and an old woman at a food cart warming a pot of foul-smelling soup, but neither gave them a second glance.
And hail Melissa’s natal day.
“Can’t be that hard,” Sherlock drawls. “I bet I could do it.”
Reluctantly, he peels off his jacket, jumper and shirt, cold fingers fumbling at the buttons, then struggles back into the sodden jumper. The cold, wet wool makes his skin crawl, but his mum’s voice comes to him across the years from some Lake District camping trip.
The clouds move slowly overhead. The sun creeps incrementally west. And far off in London, Sherlock knows Rosie Watson is waking from her nap, blissfully unaware that her Papa nearly fell to his death from a cliff because his best friend thought danger would bring them closer.
Despite the forewarning, or perhaps because of it, the door explodes open and Sherlock charges in, hair sleep-mussed and dressing-gown flapping, eyes wild. He slams his hand on the light switch, blinding them.
The delivery man scowls.
John felt a bolt of anger at odds with their conversation. “What about the halfbloods
But he wasn’t. He hadn’t flown when he needed it most.
“Better?” John called. A terse nod. He wondered how often he’d need to renew the ‘bricks’.
Sherlock wipes his eyes, chuckling ruefully.
As the seconds stretch, Mycroft lets out an enormous, long-suffering sigh and returns the hug. Sherlock feels the burning rush behind his eyes and lets it come. The rain continues to patter down on them, Mycroft holds him as Sherlock shakes with sobs beneath the dripping trees.
“Sherlock…” he huffs bleakly. “What the bloody hell am I going to
“How are you still
“Going to sting, sorry.”
“They’ll all still be here when you get back, I promise you.” He’d smirked. “Don’t worry, most of the subjects won’t even realize you’ve gone.”
“Couldn’t she have gotten it ages ago, though?” John leaned forward, clearly enjoying the unusual game. “Water stains don’t fade.”
He’s brought in a basket wrapped in yellow tissue paper.
before. Flattered, really.”
“So, I take a nap for a week and you suddenly earn your medical degree?”
“Fascinating,” Sherlock says, meaning it.
“John, really! I pour my heart out about my wicked, traumatic childhood, and all you can respond with is that you wish you’d been my first
His house is dark, the lawn tall and unkempt after a week of neglect, the postbox crowded. It looks like they’ve been on holiday and forgotten to call the yard service. John stuffs the junk mail and bills into one of the shopping bags and heads for the front door, fishing in his pocket for his keys.
John waved dismissively. “There’s no need. I’m just glad you’re getting better.”
providing sustenance to the child. It’s a hidden evolutionary survival necessity!” Sherlock beams, elated.
Sherlock is stuttering at her, begging, hands half-raised.
Mostly. None had asked to be born abominations. He’d been able to sleep soundly at night knowing his successful captures were sent across the Wall where they belonged. It had been admirable work. He maintained peace and order.
“Got you!” John crowed, but his relief froze in his gut. Sherlock was limp and facedown.
“Are you drawing? I’ve never seen you draw before.”
Sherlock wonders how much of Sherrin would have been
Sherlock leans across the small table and covers John’s hands with his own.
“Just hang onto the rope, John. Keep breathing.” Sherlock stops abruptly, eyeing him critically, and seems to come to a quick conclusion. Holding onto the rope, he uses his free hand to rapidly unbutton his own sodden shirt. John squints at him with confusion, feeling his face warm.
“Oh, that’s a relief.” The fire and the netters seemed very far away. John’s heartbeat raced as he stared raptly at the creature looming above them. It was barrel chested, clad neatly in a brown jacket and shirt sewn from patchwork as fine as fish scales. The coat would have made a luxurious tent for he and Sherlock. Its mane of tawny hair curled in all directions above a face that seemed carved from a dark-grained tree and sanded into soft curves.
. . .
“Wait, look, I hardly know you – it’s normal to worry–” John yelled into the wind.
“Why not?” John grins at Sherlock, seeing a glimpse of the manic vigilante he loves. “This could actually turn out to be the biggest mass-murder case you’ve ever taken. Told you, you’ll never really give up The Work.” John frowns. “Do I even still
look, um, I–”
The trio approached, now close enough that their features were discernible in the glare of their search lights – a weary man with greying hair and the twelve-pointed badge of a Detective Inspector; a sharp-eyed, sharp-boned woman in a mud-spattered Seargent’s tail coat; a Netter with golden ram and lion features whose double-jointed metal legs thumped across the ground with smooth, feline grace.
She’s powerful, clearly dangerous, probably been training since she was just a kid. The skill and angle of Sherrinford’s bruising suddenly makes sense.
“Looks like a proper new-baby household in here,” she teases.
“Yes. Of course,
John exuded a complex sensation of reluctance and eagerness. He pursed his lips. “You’re right, of course. Not sure why I’d try to keep a secret from you. But,” he looked away finally, brow knitting. “It’s terrible, what I’ve learned. I wanted to talk it over with you straightaway, but thought you should have some time to enjoy being well, I guess.” He set his empty bowl on the tray with a decisive click and ran his hands nervously over the arms of the chair. “It could wait until morning…”
“Oo, won’t this be fun!” She grins and wrinkles her nose.
“No no,” John soothes, “he deals with the living ones at the apiary. This would just be a place he could do his research, keep his equipment. Nothing explosive, just lots of dead insects and microscopes and the like. A place of his own where he wouldn’t have me scolding him to keep it out of the baby’s reach all the time.”
