John’s eyes then drifted to the shape on the floor and all the air in the room seemed to have vanished as he identified the source of blood.
Bill Murray was a few years younger than him but smart and quick to learn and John had taken an immediate liking to him when he was assigned to his unit, They soon became dedicated friends, often sharking a drink or two in their free time, and sharing stories of their lives.
After a few days, John stopped sleeping altogether to escape his nightmares. He would sit at the kitchen table typing away at his blog, occasionally rubbing his face to will away the tiredness and to make himself a cup of tea.
“Well, anyway, the body’s this way.”
“I didn’t mean it,” slurred his father’s drunken voice. “I just wanted to teach her a lesson. I didn’t mean to pull the trigger.”
John would shake his head laughing and reply fondly, “Git.”
“Hey mate you alright?”
“Alright, okay. Let me just-”
“Will you slow down for a minute?” John hissed as he grasped the detective’s bony wrist and pulled it towards him to emphasize his point.
To this Sherlock got no reply save for the sporadically tapping keys. Sighing exaggeratedly, Sherlock headed out to spy on the newest suspect while mentally checking off the list of do’s and don’ts to help deal with PTSD nightmares. The most effective –and obvious- method was to have someone sleep with them like a teddy bear. Sherlock snorted at the thought of John sleeping with a teddy bear but also knew John was too stubborn and ‘not-gay’ to ever share a bed with Sherlock Holmes.
“Oh…Uh, well, thank you. I uh, didn’t expect that.”
His head snapped back and his body followed suit. Blood running down his face and creating a red spot where it touched the collar of his shirt. His eyes open but unaware if his surroundings; unseeing. The blood still pumping from the bullet wound on his forehead.
A few minutes later, Sherlock woke to a sound of quiet whimpering next to him. Momentarily disorientated, Sherlock jolted upright, ready to tackle his opponent only to fins John next to him, wearing a mask of such pain that it broke Sherlock’s heart. Just a little bit. It was then, when Sherlock truly realized how much brokenness the soldier was hiding behind his façade of a strong, put-together gentleman and Sherlock hoped- just a little bit, that he could piece it back together.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and said, “My body is used to the staying awake day, even weeks, on end. Frankly, you’re not and you need to sleep if you are to assist me usefully on cases.”
“We would’ve come earlier of John here wasn’t so keen on enforcing politeness to those useless officers. Half of them don’t even know what they are doing.” Sherlock replied giving a pointed look at John.
“So I was just meant to leave him there to die?”
He’d only been gone for a few minutes-a run to the store and back was all, but everything was different. The house was deathly quiet apart form his own harsh breathing.
Sherlock mentally went through the information he had stored about PTSD, only snapping from his thoughts when Lestrade cleared his throat to indicate that they’d arrived.
“So…there you have it.” John looked up and smiled sadly. “I suppose I should be happy or at least grateful they got a quick death. No pain. But the truth is, I’m not. There was no opportunity to make amendments or time to reconcile. They never found Bill’s body you know. Maybe if I didn’t say those things to Bill we could’ve fought alongside each other and I could’ve saved him. And if I didn’t insist on going to the store after dark, I could’ve stopped dad from entering the house and kill mum. Really, in the end, it’s my fault.”
“Harry, what happened? Where’s mum?”
“NO…Please…Please, not her….Not her, please…”
Although Sherlock wore a cold expression, his mind was in a tumult of emotion and incomplete trains of thoughts.
Sherlock, meanwhile, was frowning slightly as he scrutinized his friend carefully. He gently placed a palm on the back of the trembling shape who flinched at the sudden contact but slowly melted into the warmth of the the touch.
At exactly 2:07am, Sherlock heard a breathless cry followed by harsh breathing from the room upstairs and the silent creaking of the floorboards as John dutifully got out of bed. He turned on the kettle and prepared a cup of tea just as John emerged from the doorway, rubbing his face in an attempt to chase away his tiredness.
Sherlock brought the older man in an embrace as John quietly shed his tears, sobs racking his form and dampening the top of Sherlock’s shirt.
‘”Surely, even you aren’t daft enough to think you cause the death of your mother and best friend.”
Lestrade let out an exasperated sigh but made his way out to clear the crowd of officers and get his car.
And life had been hard but it was the happiest two years of John’s life.
“It’s not like you sleep for more than a few hours.” John challenged, not looking up from his computer.
“There you are. Was wondering when you were going to show up.”
But when Murray had broken cover during an ambush to help a fellow soldier, John had lost it. As much as Bill mattered to him, John had the rest of his unit to care for and a failed ambush like that could’ve cost their lives. John did notice the soldier laying down, blood pouring out of his side and his face contorted into an expression of severe pain but more of fear. In his years in the army, John ad seen men like him. Those terrified of dying alone and the sickening realization that they might never see their families again, or share a drink with a mate. John longed to help the fallen soldier, but when face with the decision of choosing one man’s life over a whole unit, John knew where he stood.
“Yeah, she did. That’s got to be embarrassing, doesn’t it?” Irene retorted.
“Come on, just admit it. You’re hot for teacher.”
“Why should it?”
Sorry that it took so long for me to get back to this, guys! School was crazy busy, and I was spending my spare time writing a novel. But I'm back, and boy am I glad about that! I hope you guys enjoyed, much more to come soon!
“Oh, okay,” John said, looking a little put out. After a moment of silence between the two boys, John asked, “So what’s Hogwarts like? My dad told me stories about what it was like back in his day, but of course some things have to have changed, right?”
“How did you figure it all out?” John asked once he had calmed himself, leaning forward in his seat, resting his arms on the table in front of him.
“Oh…” John watched Sherlock warily for a moment, and then said, “You don’t seem like a Slytherin.”
Sherlock had turned away after concluding his monologue, but how he glanced back at John with wide eyes, as though he were hesitant to believe that he’d heard John correctly.
“Good work, Mr. Watson,” the professor praised him. “You’re very close.”
“Oh. Okay.”
The whole way across the lake, Molly stammered on and on about how excited she had been about receiving her acceptance letter, saying that it was a complete shock since both of her parents weren’t magical in the least.
Sherlock snorted. “I’m not uneducated. I was reading books on sexual orientation and reproduction when I was seven years old. The concept is not difficult to grasp, although I am unsure why—”
was more accurate a description—that had his blue-grey eyes trained on John. His face was long and slender, everything about him appearing rather unfriendly.
Brilliant.
“Not for another two hours.”
When they rounded a corner and John got his first view of Hogwarts, his breath was taken away and his heart sped up its pace. He’d been waiting his whole life to come to this school, and now it was finally happening. With a grin, he picked up his pace a little in an attempt to reach the boats faster. These boats would be carrying him and the other first years to the castle. He ended up sharing a boat with a mousy-haired girl who introduced herself to be Molly Hooper and two other boys.
“Not in the slightest.”
“But just the other day you asked me if the sun revolved around the Earth!” John exclaimed, clearly believing this to be proof that Sherlock’s mind palace did not exist.
“I am. But for once I’d like to learn something new in these classes. Last semester I was forced to take a biology course—I insisted multiple times that it was completely unnecessary, but of course they wouldn’t listen—and you wouldn’t believe the types labs we were forced to do in there. The most trivial, mundane things I’ve ever had the displeasure of experiencing.”
“Tell me, where do you get your knowledge of ghosts and ghouls? An encyclopedia?” Sherlock didn’t respond. “You speak as though you’re reciting the information directly from a textbook. You know that it isn’t actually
“I’m fine. Really,” John assured him.
“Monetary compensation. To ensure that you remain… involved with my brother.”
“I understand, Professor,” Sherlock said, playing along.
“Alright, alright,” Lestrade said, cutting Sherlock off. His cheeks were flushed and he looked desperate to be anywhere else. “I’ll see you later.”
“Are you always this obvious?”
All John replied to this was, “I’d love to come to Christmas, thanks.”
The next day as Sherlock was making his way down to the Great Hall for breakfast, he was intercepted by a fourth year Gryffindor whose name escaped Sherlock completely. The boy had untidy brown hair and stern brown eyes, and his grip on Sherlock’s arm was firm. Sherlock immediately considered hexing the boy, but then decided against it when it appeared that the action of grabbing Sherlock’s arm was not meant to be malicious.
Fantastic.
“Your…?”
“Mr. Watson,” the professor said sharply, and John winced. “I’d like to speak with you after class.”
“I…” He hesitated, but John’s eager face urged him on. “I also know that you want to be a doctor, and that the only reason you joined the army was to impress your father, attempting to placate him after your alcoholic brother disgraced your family.”
“How… How did you…?”
“Because that is information that I have deleted from my mind palace.”
doing. Although, to her credit, she never did it with teachers.
Shoving his way through the crowd was G… G… Geoffrey Lestrade? Whatever. It was Lestrade, followed closely by fellow Gryffindor Sally Donovan and Sally’s Ravenclaw booty call Philip Anderson. Sherlock had always said that the sorting hat must have been confused when sorting Anderson into Ravenclaw, because as far as he had seen, the boy was stupider than every other idiot in this entire school. Of course, Sherlock’s disdain for Anderson was readily returned, and Donovan had always found joy in labeling Sherlock as a freak.
Sherlock had known those things about him.
“You like her?” John asked. Sherlock looked back at him, confused.
“Did you accept it?”
“Really?” John panted, a bit shocked. “You seem very confident about it all.”
“That’s sad. It must be very lonely, not having any friends,” Molly said, and John nodded in agreement.
“My name’s John. John Watson,” the boy introduced, offering his hand for Sherlock to shake. Hesitantly, Sherlock took it.
John stood, and gestured for Sherlock to stand as well. Sherlock was a little confused, but he was eager to please the man, so he got to his feet quickly, erect dick swaying back and forth. He was already missing the wetness and warmth of the professor’s mouth. Without a word, the professor placed his hand on Sherlock’s upper back and pushed him forward and down, so that he was bending over one of the desks, arse sticking out. He knew immediately what was going to happen, and any of the erectness that his cock may have lost when being subjected to the chill air of the classroom had once again returned.
“Second.”
Sherlock took his usual seat in the back of the classroom. He liked to sit towards the back for multiple reasons, the first of which being that people didn’t tend to bother those who sat in the last row. Of course, that meant that he was surrounded by the idiots who sat in the back to avoid being called on, but it was a small price to pay. He also liked to sit in the back because it allowed him a better vantage point of his classmates. From here, he could observe them all without their knowledge, thus giving him the perfect chance to practice his deductions. And, finally, it put him as far away as possible from Irene Adler, who had, since the first class they’d shared together the previous year, made a point to challenge Sherlock intellectually whenever the opportunity presented itself. Not that Sherlock would have minded an intellectual debate, if it weren’t for the fact that Adler was, by far, the stupidest Ravenclaw he had ever met.
“Shut up. He might hear you.”
They stood in silence for a moment, and then John asked, “Do you ever hate being a Slytherin?”
With that, the boy left him to sit down at the Gryffindor table and Sherlock found an empty spot at the Slytherin table to eat his breakfast. As Sherlock situated himself, he peered through the bodies sitting around the Ravenclaw table to examine the Hufflepuff table, hoping to catch a glimpse of John. However, the younger boy was nowhere to be seen, causing an uncomfortable feeling to settle in Sherlock’s stomach. Sherlock ignored this feeling, however, and dug in his bag for the textbook that he hadn’t been able to finish reading while on the train. He propped it open on the table and then read it as he absentmindedly ate his breakfast, eventually forgetting about the food altogether as he became engrossed in the text.
“Because they’re convinced you’ve brainwashed him or something. After all, he is a poor, innocent little first year.”
If you think you’re brave and daring,
Sherlock’s eyebrows knitted together in confusion. “What about me?”
“No way, that freak hasn’t got any friends,” Sally snickered.
“Oh. Well, uh…” Sherlock took a moment and thought back over what he’d learned about John the past few weeks through sheer observation, and then matched that with what he could see right now. “You’re most likely from England, raised in an at least somewhat wealthy family. You’re the youngest both in your immediate and extended family. You own a dog, a Saint Bernard if I’m not mistaken. You have an older brother, who for one reason or another did not attend Hogwarts, possibly by personal choice, more likely because he was born a Squib. You don’t have a close relationship with your brother, and you’re desperate to impress your father but it’s a nearly impossible task. How did I do?”
“Well, it’s definitely more interesting than ‘John,’” the boy chuckled.
Sherlock now turned fully to face John. “That isn’t what people normally say.”
“I think his name’s actually
“I’ll see you after,” Sherlock muttered, entering the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom and closing the door on Irene’s smirk.
“Yes, well, that’s because you’re an idiot,” Sherlock said, and then glanced up to see John scowling at him. He added, “Oh, don’t give me that look. Practically everyone is.”
Amazing.
“Sorry.”
“No, they don’t.”
“If anyone found out, you could be fired.”
“Why are you in the boy’s lavatory?” Sherlock asked.
“No.”
“Well, John, nice to meet you,” Hagrid replied kindly, and then he shouted over the crowd, “First years! First years, with me! Hurry up!”
“Of course, my apologies.” Mycroft moved into the kitchen, Greg behind him; Mycroft removed a teabag from a mug that had been steeping on the counter.
“No thank you,” Mycroft replied, eyes still focused on the boy. “We have sufficient replenishment.”
“You will not.” Mycroft looked affronted.
“Problem?” The voice came from behind the D.I.
Jackie’s giggles were cut short by the doorbell ringing.
“Very good. Now to start the list again.” John lifted the list once more, picking up his pen from beside him on the sofa. “Abrasion.”
John, who had been standing on the other side of the room examining the body, had started making his way to Sherlock when he had started his tantrum. He reached Sherlock and crossed his arms, a mirror image of the D.I.
They ended in a brightly-coloured corner of the shop, small robes of all colours stuffed onto several racks along the wall.
“Thanks,” Greg put his drink down on the table in front of the chair. Mycroft sat as well after making sure that there was no room for any other chairs around their table. He did not want to share Gregory with anyone. ”So, you’ve been pretty busy, huh?”
“Thank you for understanding, love. Ready to move on to the next one?”
“More annoyed than I already am? I hardly think that’s possible.” Sherlock felt a small half-smile creep onto his face.
“This is clearly a robbery gone wrong.”
“All you have is Earl Grey, so I assume that will suffice,” he called good-naturedly from the kitchen.
“Ga-reen,” Sherlock said, breaking the word up into two syllables. “Very, very green.”
“John?” John recognized Lacey’s voice and, in the background, an unearthly wailing.
Sherlock gave in, knowing John was right. He was always right. “Yes, John.”
“What do you think?” Greg smirked, laying hand on Mycroft’s thigh and squeezing.
“I know,” Greg said, putting his hand on top of Mycroft’s in a mirror gesture of the other night. “It’s my pleasure. Also, you’re working to make our lives safer. I can’t really complain.” They stared at each other for another few seconds until Mycroft nodded and left to his office; he could still feel where Greg’s hand had rested only moments before.
“Forced Nudity in private, four.”
“What?” The man blinked.
“Yes,” Sherlock said without hesitation. “I signed up for that the minute I made my vow. Whatever you need, whenever you need, I will be here for you.”
“Yes, well,” Sherlock said, going slightly red. “What’s next?”
“Hello,” Mycroft said softly to Greg, who had yet to look at him. He waited expectantly for a moment before laying a hand gently on Greg’s arm. Greg jerked violently, pulling his arm away and looking wildly to Mycroft.
“You knew how this was going to go?”
“Not for you, maybe, but I’m working with a police officer’s salary.”
Sherlock sighed. “What are you going to do about it?” he asked, half a challenge and half an actual question.
“Dad,” she said, embarrassed.
“Hey, back off!” Sherlock heard from behind him. Three sets of eyes snapped to someone behind Sherlock. While they were distracted, Sherlock stepped on the woman’s foot and pushed her away. Taking a step back, Sherlock noticed the blonde boy from the other night, John as he recalled, grabbing the second man by the shoulder and shoving him away. Taking a step back, John bumped into Sherlock. “Sorry,” he said, reaching out a hand to steady Sherlock. “You three,” he said, facing the others and keeping his hand on Sherlock’s arm, “leave. I don’t want to see you around us again.” He glared at them from beneath furrowed eyebrows.
“Really? So the nappies and toy box turned themselves over, did they?”
“I like to feel useful, hard as it is to believe,” Sherlock said frankly.
John landed the first one gently, more of a warning than an actual spank. The next few were harder, John making sure Sherlock could feel it through the nappy. The next handful were harder, to get the message across. When he was done, Sherlock was openly sobbing, snot and tears running down his face and into the comforter. His face was buried in his arms as his body wracked with sobs.
“’Bit,” she repeated, giggling softly.
“Well, I mean technically we can’t arrest her,” Sherlock mumbled under his breath, smiling disconcertingly at the passerby who had stopped to stare. “But here comes the man who can,” he said a little louder, nodding at the huffing D.I. “The wife, as predicted,” he said, gesturing to the woman and John, both struggling for dominance.
“Shh,” Mycroft soothed, gently bouncing up and down. “You’re probably hungry, but stores don’t open for another,” here he checked his watch, “five hours. Please don’t wake up.” Jaclynn seemingly complied, stilling once more in his arms as her breathing evened out. “Good girl.” They reached his floor, the penthouse in his building, and he got out of the elevator, digging his key out of his pocket and shifting Jaclynn to his uninjured side, inserting the key into the lock and pressing his thumb to the print-scanner beside the doorknob that he had had installed when he first moved in. With a click the door unlocked and he pushed it open. Turning on the light in his front hall, Mycroft kicked off his shoes and beelined to his bedroom, stopping briefly in the kitchen to drop off the ORS on the counter. Quietly opening the door to his bedroom, he placed Jaclynn gently on his bed and arranged pillows to bracket her on both sides of her torso, keeping her in place. Grabbing a thin blanket from the end of his bed, he tucked it gently around her small body. Looking at her for a moment, Mycroft smiled gently before turning to his closet and opening it, quickly taking out a sleep shirt and sleep pants. He donned them, careful of his grazed side, and climbed into the bed beside Jaclynn. Turning to face her, he watched her eyes flicker behind her pale closed lids. There was still a light sheen of sweat beading on her face, so Mycroft picked up a corner of the blanket, gently running it over her face to clear it of sweat. Jaclynn’s brow furrowed momentarily before smoothing out once more, and Mycroft watched her sleep for as long as he could before he succumbed to sleep as well.
“Then I would apologize profusely. It’s not one of your kinks, is it?”
This time, they had planned for more backup. There was a whole team accompanying Mycroft into the building and another team following them in. They knew there was a chance that the facility had upped its security and had taken that into account.
“Ummm… Forced servitude.”
“Good morning,” Sherlock greeted quietly, looking down to make sure Liz was still asleep. “She woke up around two this morning. She started crying so I swaddled her and cradled her until she fell back asleep.”
“Sorry, is she yours?”
“One thing at a time, Sherlock. I’m going to get the glass out of your hand and bandage it quickly and then we’ll call Mycroft, alright?”
He turned back. “I haven’t had much time to think about anything,” John admitted. “But it’s something we’ll consider. She’s too young for school, but daycare may be an option to get her to socialize. Would putting her in a Muggle daycare be safe?”
Greg spent the next few hours making the beds, opening the shutters and keeping Jackie entertained. Because she had already had a nap in the car, she was wide-eyed and alert as she watched Greg bustle happily around the house. Greg always found he was happier when he had something to do.
Mycroft, who had been avoiding eye contact throughout most of the conversation, made an extra effort to not look at Greg.
“Yeah, that sounds right,” Greg said.
“Yes,” she said, scrutinizing him. “Why?”
They had indeed pulled up to the front of the house. As Sherlock was exiting the car, he got one more text.
"Well, I hardly think that's proper protocol," Mycroft blustered weakly.
“What? No! John, no!”
“You don’t have to, you know.”
“Go on up, wait for me on the sofa,” John ordered, pulling out his wallet and handing the cabbie the required fare. Then he got out, following Sherlock’s footsteps and entering their flat, spotting the detective waiting for him on the sofa, tissue soaked through with blood.
Greg drank his tea more slowly, watching Mycroft from his chair. Jackie was now crawling towards Greg on the bed.
“And do you like it at John and Sherlock’s?” Dr. Witter asked.
“John!”
"Come, I'm not going to hurt you," he said, annoyed and pressured as he heard the pounding footsteps getting closer. "You are making the situation worse, not better," he singsonged through clenched teeth. The baby went stiff as a board, sobs still wracking her small body as she heaved ear-piercing shrieks. Mycroft hooked one arm around her back and the other beneath her bum, securing her close to his chest even though she was stiff and unpliable.
“Yeah,” Greg dropped Mycroft’s hand, positioning himself on the opposite side of the bed from Marcia so that he could push. Together they flipped Mycroft over onto his back, his head tilted towards Greg. Greg took Mycroft’s hand again as Marcia picked up the needle, giving another shot of lidocaine to Mycroft. Marcia picked up the needle, making the first jab into Mycroft’s skin. At the first jab, Mycroft stirred, groaning as his eyes cracked open.
“No.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes but reached for the robes, taking them over to a mirror.
“Yes, it’s hard,” John cut in. “She’s just too good at spells to know when one is hard for those of us less intelligent than her.” John threw a teasing smile her way, and Hermione blushed and rolled her eyes.
“Marcia did a good job here.”
“Hi Rose, nice to meet you. Do you guys want to join us?” John gestured to the table where Sherlock and Liz were still seated. Liz was holding Sherlock’s hand and had abandoned her pumpkin juice.
“Did you want to come with me?”
“Oh, I’ve got to go write Rose and tell her!” Liz said excitedly.
“And Harry? Is she a witch?”
“Didn’t ask. Heard crying,” he answered as they pulled up to the front of the daycare. John pushed the door open and stopped dead in his tracks.
“Of course, you’re right,” he said, still not making eye contact with Greg. “I’m sorry I did not think of that.”
“Usual formation, then. On my signal.” Mycroft watched as everyone fell into formation around and behind him. Silently he signaled for them to approach the building. They crept down the drive that connected the road to the building, silent and sticking to the shadows. Mycroft lifted his hand, signaling for two of his men to take out the two guards standing in front of the door. Silently they incapacitated the guards, leaving them alive but unconscious on the ground. The group continued silently moving in, one of the men moving forward to hack into the electronic security system. When he gave them the all-clear, the men entered the building and fanned out, all drawing their weapons. While the others would go to deal with the rest of the security, Mycroft was moving to the back of the building to find the head of the project. He went to the same secret room he had found the first time without meeting any other guards. When he got there he pressed his ear against the door like last time and, again hearing nothing, threw open the door.
Sherlock peered at John. “As much as I’m sure your dominant side would like to see me home yourself, my brother is also a dominant and very much holds that fact above my head, so you need not worry.”
“What about that one?” Sherlock asked. “She only has nine cats. I’m sure you could grow to love them all,” he added sarcastically.
Thanks for reading, kudos and comment as you see fit :) I'll probably be slowing down on posts as life picks up speed, but worry not; this fic will not be forgotten.
“Okay,” John agreed after giving Sherlock a long, scrutinizing look. “But don’t be afraid to call a stop to everything.”
Liz stared doe-eyed at Hermione, her hand still firmly tangled in John’s gown.
“But of course you don’t have to if you don’t want to. Do you like scrambled eggs and toast?”
“It’s the D.I.!” he exclaimed, trying to push John away with one hand while answering the phone with the other. John, for his part, was bodily trying to drag Sherlock back towards him while his sub resisted.
John would then merely roll his eyes at the remark and continue to watch his best friend rant on about the murder, giving small words of praise dutifully once in a while. And once the case was closed, they would head home together, bickering about Sherlock’s behavior towards the police.
John clutched the body of his friend, begging him not be dead, ignoring his rational side of telling him to help others who could be saved.
“Clearly you’re not. You are hyperventilating, your heart rate is much faster than normal, your hands are cold and clammy, you’re starting to sweat and you are shaking all over. If I didn’t know better, I would say you are having a panic attack. But the most probably explanation is that you’re having a PTSD episode or had a flashback which triggered something causing you to act irrationally. But you’ve never had an episode during a crime scene much more grotesque than this one. So why now?”
Rage bubbled inside John like he had never felt before and the burning desire to pull a bullet in the man standing in front of him was stopped by the wailing sirens and the police rushing into the house and cuffing silver bracelets on his father.
After what felt like hours, they finally reached the actual crime scene where Lestrade was talking to Sally Donovan bout something irrelevant to the case but as soon as he spotted them, waved and moved towards them.
*****
“Christ, Sherlock. I could’ve punched you in my sleep if you tried to touch me or something. I know I didn’t” John quickly added as Sherlock opened his mouth to object, “but I could’ve.”
“NO…Please…Please, not her….Not her, please…”
“I…uh, never got to say sorry to Bill or tell mum I loved her for everything she did.”
After finally collecting enough data to evidence that the suspect was indeed the murderer, Sherlock headed back to Baker Street, absent-mindedly noting that it was a little over one.
“John.”
“Jesus, Sherlock. The poor man’s clearly not feeling well and you go off ranting about why he has a panic attack. Give him a break. And what’s this about PTSD episodes?” Lestrade replied disbelievingly still crouched next to the oblivious doctor.
John cautiously walked towards the living room. Silent sobs could be heard from that direction. He stopped short when he saw Harry crying in the doorway, her hands and the front of the favorite T-shirt covered in what looked like blood.
Smoke. So much smoke everywhere. The hot Afghan sun beating mercilessly on him and the cries of help from both Afghan and Her Majesty’s soldiers all muddled into an anthem of the fallen.
Sherlock looked up and ceased typing for a moment.
After a few beats, John’s eyes suddenly widened as a realization came to him.
“Thank you Sherlock.”
“Shit Sherlock!” John nothing but jumped out of bed, breaking the embrace without even noticing. “I had a meeting! Sarah’s going to bloody kill me this time.”
“You risked the lives of everyone in your unit for one man!”
But John was already in the room, desperately looking around for something, anything, to reassure him that nothing was wrong and Harry was playing him like she always did. However, his eyes landed on the hunched figure of the forty-five-year-old Hamish Watson who had disappeared two years ago, holding a gun with and equally bloodied hand as Harry, while the other clutched a bottle of whisky, wearing a slightly confused and bewildered expression on his face.
“Ta… Sorry, did I wake you?”
“He was dying and would’ve died if I didn’t help.”
A few days later, the funeral for Helen Watson was held. Not many people had gathered. Just John and Harriet Watson, a few relatives and friends, and the priest. And in the front lay Harriet Watson, her pale skin evened out with the make-up save for the bullet hole which had cleanly passed through her forehead.
“Yeah… See you.”
“You’re the medic! You’re supposed to be helping people! Not hiding in a crevice.”
“You really ought to be nicer to them. They’re just trying their best.”
He took a long look after the lanky detective before he set off. And by the time he reached the crime scene, he was out of breath and quickly losing his temper.
To this John said nothing but simply bent his head and played with the end of his shirt. Sherlock tucked his index finger under John’s chin and lifted it up so that the stormy, ocean bleu eyes met with the calm, ash grey ones.
“Harry, what happened? Where’s mum?”
John regarded with silent surprise at the sudden sentiment and a little shyly at the attention.
“It was the bodyguard Lestrade.” Sherlock huffed impatiently, his attention already focusing on the small huddled figure on the floor. “It’s so obvious even Anderson could’ve solved it. Sometimes I wonder how you ever got your qualification.
He was in an apartment room with someone he obviously trusted as there is no sign of break-ins or forced entry. He’s divorced twice sp it’s not any of his ex-wives. He has no children, evidenced by the lack of pictures and his frequent visits overseas would make him an incompetent father anyway. That leaves the bodyguard. Anyone as high up in the business as him is bound to have a bodyguard. We know this also because there are two cups of tea on the table, not his best cups so someone he knows fairly well. The carpet also shows little imprints of footprints but one set is bigger than the victim’s. His accuracy and skill shows that the bodyguard has a military background and height roughly around 182 centimeters-if he were shorter than the victim, he wouldn’t be able to have such a clean shot. Now, if you can get your car and do something useful so I don’t have to waste time hailing a cab and get John to the flat as soon as possible.
“Wow, Sherlock. I didn’t expect…that. No, not at all. And, yes, your deduction is correct.”
“Captain, we’re retreating! There’s too many of them!”
Once he was inside, Sherlock placed John on the bed, trying his best not to wake the doctor, who seemed to be fast asleep, and his nightmares not yet disturbing the peaceful slumber. Quickly getting dressed into his pajamas, Sherlock slipped in next to John and shut his eyes and for the first time in a long time, allowed himself to sleep with the comfort that he would be there when John wakes from his nightmares.
“I’m also a soldier, Bill. And we were waiting to ambush the other soldiers. That means you wait and not blow the cover of your unit. I don’t think you get it.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but laugh at John’s slightly embarrassed expression but was soon joined in by John’s, what he liked to call, giggling.
He looks up to see a sniper take aim at his best friend and before he has enough time to shout his name, the trigger is pulled and then everything seemed to move in slow motion with everything in sharp focus and too much detail.
After a few minutes of comfortable silence, John finally said, “Well, I’m off to bed. It’s been a long day and I need some sleep. Goodnight Sherlock.”
Thirteen-year-old John Watson cautiously walked towards the living room. Silent sobs could be heard from that direction. He stopped short when he saw Harry crying in the doorway, her hands and the front of the favorite T-shirt covered in what looked like blood.
“You really should sleep. It’s making you more irritable than usual and god knows how you act during work.” Sherlock stated from the doorway.
“Goodnight John.”
“What are you doing John?”
John looked up into Sherlock’s eyes, his eyes glistening with unshed tears. “I don’t want that to happen to you. I don’t think I could ever live with that.”
Those were Sherlock’s favorite days. And the days they would spend the evening running the dark London alleyways chasing criminals, out of breath and laughing, and adrenaline pumping through their veins. Seeing John’s blue eyes glow with pure happiness and hearing his slightly wheezy laugh would make something in Sherlock’s chest tighten and laugh.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and teased with a ghost of a smile on his lips, “Your pulse is a little faster than usual.”
‘What had caused this reaction from John? Obviously something in the crime scene definitely triggered something he had nearly forgotten, but what? But more importantly, how do you help someone in this state?’
“A little past noon I would expect.” Sherlock replied with a slightly annoyed look.
“John?”
“Come on John. The body’s this way.”
“Well, I’m sure he appreciates your help but you put yourself and all of us in danger.”
Thirty-two-year-old John Watson let out an exasperated sigh as he watched his best friend walk away from him.
And the blood.
His head snapped back and his body followed suit. Blood running down his face and creating a red spot where it touched the collar of his shirt. His eyes open but unaware if his surroundings; unseeing. The blood still pumping from the bullet wound on his-
John sighed. He’d had a long day in the hospital and just wanted a cuppa and some biscuits to make it all better. He supposed that would have to wait.
Glancing at the clock, Sherlock calculated that it would be a little under an hour before John woke from another nightmare. Quickly making his decision, Sherlock grabbed his phone, sent a text and after tossing the phone on the sofa, gently pushed John away from the table and placed an arm across is shoulder and slowly lifted he unconscious being from the chair and carried him bridal style into his bedroom.
After about an hour, John felt the tension ease from his hand and his muscles relax. When Sherlock was satisfied that John’s hand did not carry its former agitation, he dried John’s hand with the towel and smiled at his own achievement of doing something for John.
Sherlock, who was now fully awake, simply stated, “You fell asleep while I was gone and seeing that you haven’t slept because of your nightmare in over a week, I brought you to my room since having someone sleep with you is the most effective method to help nightmare and my bed is bigger than yours.”
John stopped fighting against the arm that clearly wasn’t going to let go but chuckled nervously and asked, “Ho-how exactly did I get here?”
John looked up at Sherlock in utter surprise.
It had been a week and the nightmare didn’t stop. Sometimes John would cry out and would alert Sherlock that it was about his time in Afghanistan. Other times, he would let out a dry sob and wake himself with a silent scream followed by strained breathing. John had started growing increasingly bad-tempered with the lack of sleep and long hours at the hospital. He had begun to take his PTSD tablets again and when Sherlock checked the medicine cabinet, he found the bottle nearly empty and his concern for his blogger doubled as well as his fear that John would accidently overdose. This had clearly been triggered by the crime scene a week ago but Sherlock couldn’t-wouldn’t-find the reason as he did not want to deduce something so… personal. He wanted John to tell him. Of it were anyone else, he wouldn’t car but this was John. John was different and he made Sherlock want to gain his approval. Just a little bit. And so he waited. Waited for John to tell him the cause for his distress.
John was taken aback by the sudden emotional outburst from Sherlock and the overwhelming pleasure of feeling loved-platoniacally or romantically-whatever they were.
“It’s only going to take a few minutes and I’ll be fine.”
Smoke. So much smoke everywhere. The hot Afghan sun beating mercilessly on him and the cries of help from both Afghan and Her Majesty’s soldiers all muddled into an anthem of the fallen.
“John, honey. Your father is gone and I don’t think he’s coming back. But, I know you are strong so you, Harry and I are going to get through this together. Okay?”
“Hey, Sarah” John replied awkwardly. “I’m so sorry I didn’t turn in fro the meeting. I just woke up and I’m really sorry. I know it was really important and…” John trailed off, not knowing how to continue.
“James Hosea Symth. Aged thirty-seven, height 176 centimeters, high class business  man with some corruption scandals, heavy drinker, divorced twice, had a lover, just came back from Manhattan after a… business meeting? No. Conference, Owns two dogs-a golen retriever and a –”
“Pretend that it doesn’t bother you, what they say.”
“Sister. There’s always something…”
The professor walked around to stand beside the blackboard, so that he could look Sherlock in the face as he asked, “What’s your story?”
“My… my shoulder. But—”
“Just answer the question.”
Then sit on down and try me on
“You’re seventeen, correct?”
“Alright, everybody, let’s settle down now,” the professor said, projecting his voice over the clamor of students chatting away amongst themselves. The students who had been standing, like the blond boy, moved to find a seat at a lab table, but the professor said, “Might as well wait, if you’re not already seated. I’ve assigned you all lab partners, whom you’ll be working with from now on.”
At that moment, everybody around them began to leave, the teacher having released them early for the day. John’s eyes were locked onto Sherlock’s, though, and time seemed to stand still as Sherlock waited to see what the boy had to say about this. After a moment, John averted his eyes, scooped his books and phone off of the table, snatched up his cane, and before Sherlock could even comprehend what had happened, he was gone.
“Not in the slightest.”
“What, just because John spends more time with you, that earns him an invitation?”
The professor stared at Sherlock for a moment, and then smiled. “Good. Very good.”
Sherlock still seemed preoccupied with the revelation of Harry being a girl, and waved off John’s second statement.
As he sucked in breath after breath of clean autumn air, allowing the droplets to continue cooling his face, unsure of what to do now in the hour he had until his next class, his eyes fell on none other than his lab partner, exiting the lab with his head down, dark curls hiding his face. Nonetheless, he would recognize that slim frame anywhere.
He felt like his knees were about to give out from under him, and Professor Watson seemed to sense this, too, because he pulled his still-erect cock from Sherlock’s ass and helped him to the floor, where Sherlock sat, breath shaky and legs like noodles. He felt a little guilty that the professor hadn’t been able to finish before he’d practically collapsed, but the professor didn’t seem deterred. Instead, he grabbed himself and began pumping at his own erection, never breaking eye contact with Sherlock. In about a minute, the professor looked to be on the edge, and he pushed Sherlock back so that he was laying on the floor. Then, the professor shoved Sherlock’s shirt up and came all over his stomach, the warm, sticky cum dribbling into his belly button.
—I would feel a bit hurt.”
“You’re just jealous that Ravenclaw ended up getting the ten points for the quiz.”
“Yes, ma’am,” John said, enjoying the attention he was receiving about his father.
Sherlock couldn’t help but note that this was a statistical improbability as well.
All through the feast, John fought back the horrible image of his father’s face when he discovered that his son had been sorted into the most disappointing house at Hogwarts. This just proved that John was just as pathetic as his father had always thought. All of his dreams about impressing his father flew right out the window, and as the night wore on his depression became less and less bearable.
“Interesting.”
Once he was dressed and the professor had cleaned the puddle of cum from the floor, Sherlock stood awkwardly by the blackboard, not sure what to do now. The Professor looked a little amiss, as well, which only solidified Sherlock’s fears.
“I’m gonna let that slide,” Lestrade said, raising his eyebrows pointedly at Sherlock, who shrugged. “Anyway, that’s not why I actually wanted to talk to you.”
Sherlock’s heart leapt to his throat, and though his mind fumbled about for something to say in response to this, nothing came out. This had to be the first and only time that Sherlock Holmes had been made speechless.
“Your brother’s drinking habits could be found on your mobile phone, which you laid face down on the table when you sat. On the back there is an inscription, reading ‘To Harry Watson, Love Clara.’ Obviously, your name is not Harry, so the phone did not originally belong to you. Most likely passed down from a family member, but not your father because the phone is a newer model and, frankly, why would your father give you a brand new phone that would have had to have been given to him from his wife? So then the next most likely candidate is a brother, obviously recently split from his wife, who gifted him with the phone. The fact that they were married is made clear by the expense of the gift. He clearly broke up with her, since he felt the need to get rid of it. If she’d broken up with him he most likely would have kept the phone for sentiment’s sake, but in this case he wanted to simply forget that the relationship had ever happened. The split most likely occurred because of his alcoholism.”
“Then you’re an adult. And I’m only a few years your senior.”
“Yes, what?”
Professor Lupin cocked an eyebrow at her. “Yes, Miss Adler?”
“Good. So,” the professor straightened up, almost like a soldier, and cocked his eyebrow, “you’ll have no issue with me taking you right here on these desks?” Sherlock suddenly noticed how tight his trousers had become around his groin.
The room burst into applause when the hat’s song was over, but John was too nervous to clap. He wanted so badly to be put into Gryffindor like his father. This was his chance to make his father truly proud of him.
“So are you going to try out for your house’s Quidditch team this year?” Lestrade asked, falling into step beside Sherlock as he walked down the stairs into the Entrance Hall.
The Slytherins all groaned while the Ravenclaws sat up straighter, their faces smug. Sherlock sneered as Adler glanced back at him, eyebrows raised. Professor Lupin’s pop quizzes were notorious for becoming a battleground for the two of them.
it. “But for the past year now I’ve seen you once a week every week, and it’s starting to get very hard to… Well, I suppose I’d like to know if I’m wrong in thinking that you feel the same?”
“Well, would you mind telling him that he can’t keep taking points away from Gryffindor every time he catches us working on our homework together? I tried to bring it up to McGonagall but she said that there’s no ‘evidence’ that he’s deducting points unfairly.”
“I wasn’t fixing it
see that. But the professor had always seemed so adverse to people’s sexual advances, and anyway he was a teacher.
John stared at Sherlock for a moment, and then he began to laugh. At first, Sherlock seemed unsure of how to handle this reaction to his deductions, but after a moment Sherlock joined in on the laughter, if a little hesitantly.
“Well why do you always glare when people ask me for help?”
This drew John up short. “Sir?”
The hand Professor Watson had used to pull Sherlock into a kiss now pushed Sherlock’s trousers and pants down to his ankles while the other hand continued to pump at Sherlock’s penis. Meanwhile, Sherlock’s fingers twisted in the professor’s short, blond hair and their tongues danced together, pushing into each other’s mouths.
Sally’s eyebrows rose. “Really? You don’t look the type.”
Your house you will be told!
“Deduce me. What can you figure out about me?” John said excitedly, scooting to the edge of his seat.
It was a well-known fact that Slytherins were particularly hated amongst all of the students attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. However, there was one particular Slytherin that was hated particularly more than any others, especially amongst the Slytherins themselves.
“We’re very happy you’ll be with us.”
I wish I wasn’t a submissive, Sherlock thought desperately, closing his eyes and blowing out the candles as hard as possible. The cake was quickly cut after that, and eaten efficiently. Sherlock soon went to bed, barring the door behind him.
“We’re both learning,” Sherlock said, eyes already half-lidded. “But I don’t need to go under.”
“Of course,” John chuckled, pulling Sherlock closer to him and sighing in contentment.
“And you enjoy doing that?”
“Goodbye.”
“Yes,” Mycroft said softly. “In order to get the position in the government-“
“I thought it was going to be Jackie first,” Greg groaned as he rolled out of bed. Glancing at the clock, he noted it was shortly past seven in the morning.
He arrived at his house mid-afternoon and walked in, finding Greg laying on the couch with Jackie on his chest, both fast asleep. Smiling fondly, he walked over and shook Greg’s shoulder gently. Greg jumped, hand tightening on Jackie’s back.
Mycroft rocked his head side to side, considering. “That could mean I’m unprepared. It also could mean I know exactly how this is going to play out.”
“It portrayed wizards as better than every other creature on Earth,” John explained as they hurried across the hall. “The current Minister, Kinglsey Shacklebolt, is trying to better relations between wizards and other creatures, so he had it removed.”
“Yes, well as I pointed out to my brother, you have not discerned what was stolen and in fact what has been stolen is sensitive to the government, so I will thank you to remove yourselves and your team from the scene.”
“G’night,” Greg sighed, wrapping his arm around Mycroft’s.
“Goodnight! I had fun.”
“Yes, and I’m telling you that I don’t want to.”
“And who’s this, brother?” Mycroft asked after Sherlock and Greg were done shaking hands.
“I will.” With that, Anthea quietly left the room.
“Would you like to review that statement and try again?” John’s voice had a hard edge to it.
“That is the plan,” Mycroft answered back, cringing as he felt a warmth spread over his back, predicated by a burp.
Sherlock let go of Liz’s hand, wandering as if in a dream into the stacks.
“I look forward to it," Anthea said with a small smirk, turning away and heading back towards the car.
“Sherlock, you don’t talk to me that way. This is your warning.” John was starting to lose patience. “Now come on, let’s get changed.”
“There’s nothing to apologize for,” Sherlock said, rubbing her back. “Accidents happen. You’re back with us now, that’s all that matters.”
Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes before putting his phone back in his pocket and climbing the stairs behind Mycroft to their parents’ front door. Mycroft rang the doorbell and moments later the door swung open. Wafting out of the house was the succulent smell of roast beef and potatoes, one of Sherlock’s favourite meals and one of the few his mother knew he would actually finish.
“Pardon?”
“This is pointless,” Sherlock grumbled, crossing his arms. His long lanky form was folded into a plastic chair, and he was sat beside John. They were in the waiting room for their experiment-appointed therapist.
“Unless we’re not,” the scientist said with a smirk. As if triggered by Mycroft’s thoughts, she shifted in her seat and shot at Mycroft. He dove to the side, but not quickly enough. He felt the bullet rip through his thigh, coming out the other side. Hissing, he slumped against the doorframe and gritted his jaw against the pain. This was much worse than the glancing shot he had received last time. Raising his gun, he shot at the scientist. A bloom of red appeared on her shoulder, just above her heart. She fell backward into her chair, a look of shock painting across her face. Apparently, she had forgotten that shooting him in the leg would not prevent him from shooting her. Mycroft moved forward, keeping his eyes and gun trained on her. He swallowed back the pain, sweat beading on his face. It was not the first time he would be working through intense pain.
“Three hours of sleep, one meal and one snack,” Sherlock rebutted.
“Mmm hmm,” Sherlock hummed. “Green.”
“Sherlock, stop,” John said quietly.
“Did they offer you my baby?” Mycroft asked in a dangerously low voice. Sara still didn’t answer, glaring away from Mycroft. Mycroft, without warning, punched Sara in the nose. Fury was building up inside of him at the thought that this stupid woman was being so god-forsakenly stubborn while out there people were plotting against the safety of his child. “I will ask again,” he said, deceptively calm. “Did they offer you my baby?”
“Yay!” Alice responded, grinning toothily at Sherlock.
Liz shrugged.
“Sara,” she spat after a few moments.
“Stop!” she said finally.
“So, what do you have to say for yourself?” John asked as he removed his jacket, hung it and moved to the bathroom to get their first-aid kit.
“I’ll do that,” Greg said, also moving towards the coffee maker. “You take this,” he handed Jackie over to Mycroft, “have a bit of a cuddle since I got to first, and I’ll finish making breakfast.”
Mycroft and Jackie go shopping!
“My partner, the rebellion leader,” Greg mused teasingly, picturing Mycroft in a torn undershirt and army slacks. “I could go for it,” he decided.
Mycroft noticed Greg sitting on the sofa, seemingly lost in thought and decided not to disturb him for the time being. Instead, Mycroft hung his coat and went into the kitchen, making two teas and banging the utensils particularly loud to alert Greg to his presence.
“Again,” Mycroft ordered, pulling out his phone.
“I would say yes,” Mycroft replied, a smile stretching across his face. Greg brought his lips to Mycroft’s, sealing them in a passionate kiss. He pulled away for breath.
“Sorry, I didn’t know what you liked. Did you want me to get something else?”
“Better eat up before she gets hungry,” Greg said, looking pointedly at the bowl of pasta between them.
“Yeah, you too. Bye.” Greg joined the D.I. as he was exiting the building, pulling the yellow tape down as he passed.
“Are you going to tell me where your team is?” Mycroft asked, not letting up.
Liz shrugged, burrowing deeper into the afghan.
When John got in the bathroom he opened the medicine cabinet to pull out his kit. As he did, he noticed Liz’s small toothbrush sitting patiently beside his and Sherlock’s and he felt his heart clench. He took a shaky breath and pulled out the kit, closing the cabinet resolutely and stalking back out to the kitchen.
“Very much so.”
“From the second wave of subjects, so approximately eighteen years old, graduated high school and looking at the police force as a career,” Mycroft continued.
“Poop face. That little lady is pooping,” Greg said, pointing at Jackie.
“As am I, but you don’t hear me whining about it.”
“That’s nice.” The woman smiled at Jackie before looking at the two men in front of her, a twinkle in her eye. “Why don’t you give us a kiss, then.”
Lestrade, who had been staring at the papousse, jerked out of his distraction. “Yeah, one of my constables caught him on his way out the door. Sorry, is that a baby?”
“Or what?” the first man said, stepping closer into Sherlock’s space.
Jackie babbled back at Greg, looking quite serious.
“But what’s mine is yours, is that not how the saying goes? I can afford this flat, therefore we can afford this flat.” Mycroft’s brow wrinkled in confusion.
“Yes, we went shopping this morning.” Jackie was starting to yawn and rub her face against his chest. “And it seems it’s catching up to us.” Mycroft gently rocked her, shushing into her ear.
“But I’ve put you in more danger.”
“They gave us an address. It’s a compound north of the city.”
“I need a drink,” John huffed after a minute. “You want anything?”
“No, no no! I’ll be good, I promise,” Sherlock shrieked and wailed as John bodily dragged him over his lap.
Liz nodded, looking at John.
Sherlock watched Greg turn on his heel and stalk to his police car, where he knew Mycroft was waiting. Sherlock quietly slipped his hand into John’s, pulling his blanket tighter around him. John didn’t seem to register what Sherlock had done, taking subconscious comfort in the weight of a hand in his.
Sherlock, recognizing the warning glint in John’s eye, nodded curtly and twirled away.
“Favourite color?”
“No, but I might punish you for disobeying me.”
“Let’s sit down.” John walked over to the sofa, arm still around Liz. They sat down, Liz in the middle of the sofa. Sherlock paused at his chair before moving to sit on the other side of Liz. Hermione took John’s chair, turning it so that she could face them.
“Good.” Greg ran to the sitting room and then returned to the bedroom holding the baby carrier. “Ta-da!” he said, proud of his idea.
“Sherlock, how did you get in?”
“Does he abuse you?” John asked seriously.
“Hello John,” he greeted.
“No thanks,” John piped.
The boys head into town.
“Like Hell it’s not necessary,” Greg said softly. “It’s not up for debate.”
“I would only do it as a form of extreme punishment, and we would talk about it extensively first, but I don’t see it ever coming up,” John said.
“Mum’s helping her pack her bag. She said they’ll be down in a couple minutes.”
“Looks like it’s just us, now, for a while at least,” Greg said to Jackie, grabbing a chair from against the wall and pulling it over to the bedside. He rested Jackie on his lap, facing her out towards Mycroft.
“Right. I’m free right now, do you want me to come over?”
“I like ‘em,” Liz said quietly and Sherlock changed direction, draping the robes over his arm.
“Do you like Jammie Dodgers, Jackie?” Greg asked her, circling around the cart so that he was standing beside Mycroft.
“And yet, we can still see them. That’s pretty cool, huh?” John tilted his head so that he could look at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye.
“No, she’s what we call a squib. Me and my parents all have magic, but it skipped her.”
“Statue,” Anthea answered, not slowing.
“So, anything of interest in this case?”
“Mr. Holmes, it’s Greg Lestrade,” came the harried voice down the line.
“Yes, sorry, was I not paying enough attention to you?” Mycroft asked, smiling down at her.
“I enjoy reading as well. I also play piano and cello on occasion.”
As soon as they had stepped foot outside of the apartment, there was a black car pulling up to the curb. Sherlock opened the back door and John got in first, Liz slid in after and Sherlock got in last, closing the door.
“…break something?” she asked uncertainly.
John took his finger back. “Of course you’re not, no one really is and you didn’t have any time to prepare. That’s perfectly understandable. And you’ve got a support system. You’ve got me and your prat brother, even if he pretends otherwise, and you’ve got Greg and Anthea and Molly I’m sure. You are not alone, Mycroft Holmes, and don’t you forget it,” he finished fiercely.
‘Yeah!” she said, leaning her head on John’s shoulder. John led the way to the adult robes, where they found Hermione and Ron.
“Four,” Sherlock said distractedly, fingers tapping for a few more seconds on his phone before his eyes widened and flicked to John. “four…seeing the future. It is dull,” Sherlock said in a monotone.
“Like what you see?”
“Do you have anything stronger?”
“Sherlock?” he called through the door. A large sniff was the only answer he got. “Sherlock, I’m coming in.”
John had donned his robes already, and was just waiting for Sherlock to emerge from the bedroom. It was a few minutes before he came out, black dress shirt and dress pants on under his robes. John gave him a nod before moving towards the fireplace. He pulled a pouch out from his pocket.
The quiet didn’t last long, however, when Liz started moaning, her brow furrowed. Her head shook minutely from one side to the other, and her mouth formed a sad little moue. Her breathing picked up and soon her moans turned to louder whimpers. A steady course of tears started streaming down her face as if a faucet had been turned on, and she started sobbing and blindly pushing at John’s arms.
As Charlie and Alice cheered and ran into the kitchen to help Greg, Mycroft sat for a moment, holding Jackie and reveling in the family that he was lucky to call his own.
“I was changing Jackie and she had defecated and-“
John led him to the bathroom, sitting him on the toilet seat while he turned to start the bath running. When he had set it to the right temperature, John turned back to Sherlock, stripping him out of his dress shirt but leaving him in his nappy for the time being.
Sherlock blinked, surprised for a moment.
The man in question walked in just as the coffee maker was finishing, carrying Jackie on one hip.
Liz nodded.
“Now give us a hug,” John said, opening his arms wide. She threw herself into them, wrapping herself tightly around John’s neck. He cradled her head against him for a moment before pulling away. She turned to Sherlock and gave him much the same treatment, arms like a vice around his neck.
“No it’s not,” Mycroft answered, looking confused.
“Yes!” Sherlock’s hands balled into fists. “If you loved me you would let me not eat if I didn’t want to.”
“What are we going to tell her?” John whispered to him. “Does she know about magic?”
John took his hand once more as they made their way back up Baker Street towards the flat. Warmth radiated from John’s a hand, a dry warmth that seeped through Sherlock’s hand and crept up his arm and towards his heart. Sherlock swung their joined hands, humming a couple notes of the Chopin he had been playing earlier.
“Are you going to go find your boyfriend?” Sherlock smirked as he watched Mycroft grin at his phone.
“Yes, please,” Sherlock stood, all grace and long limbs, and stood at the foot of the bed.
Liz looked unevenly between John and Sherlock before scrambling to throw herself at John.
Both couple go to mandated couples therapy
“Incredible,” Greg said. “A natural, and a natural worrier,” Greg smirked.
“I’m too busy analyzing my reactions to truly enjoy them,” Sherlock admitted. “So instead of feeling it happen, I’m thinking about feeling it.”
“No, probably not,” Greg agreed.
"Shall I find someone in foster care to take her, sir?" Anthea asked as the driver pointed the car towards his apartment.
“There are worse things that can happen at crime scenes,” Sherlock said.
The D.I. regarded Sherlock for a moment. “Sure.” He motioned him under the tape, but when John tried to follow he held his hand up.
“Of course,” John grinned at Hermione. “I’m sure no one will mind the pit stop.”
“Jackie,” Mycroft said. “Short for Jaclynn.”
“They got away?” Greg asked.
Greg chuckled tolerantly. “Alright.” He laid a gentle kiss on Mycroft’s lips. Then he turned to the realtor who was again waiting patiently by the door. “We’re going to have to make some adjustments to our flat specs.”
“It’s alright, you’re alright,” he murmured. “What’s the matter?” Rubbing her back, Mycroft went into the kitchen and laid Jackie on the kitchen table, which had become a temporary changing table. Laying her down, he unsnapped her onesie and opened her diaper; greeted with the cause of at least some of Jackie’s distress, Mycroft quickly stripped it off and grabbed a wet wipe, wiping her down and putting cream on her before putting on a new diaper.
“No, of course not, they think I’m a British ambassador stationed in Canada who vacations here when my schedule allows.”
“He’s asleep. I got him down into a light subspace, so he’ll be sleeping it off for the next eight hours or so.”
“Can you tell me a little bit about yourself, Liz?” Dr. Witter asked.
“Things are going well for you then?” Sherlock teased.
“We do. We’ll call you if there is any trouble at all.” She reached for Liz’s hand. “Now, how about we go find some toys to play with, hm?”
“Yes, I know John, you say this every time,” Sherlock said with a slight roll of his eyes.
“Then I’ll be over in fifteen.”
“Stop that,” John said. “You, sir, are on your way to a spanking.” John grabbed both of Sherlock’s arms and bodily lifted. Sherlock whined louder and went limp, dragging John back down onto the bed with him. “That’s it,” John said. “You’re getting a spanking.”
“Yes, please,” Mycroft said. Mycroft handed over his credit card and the transaction was completed quickly.
“Sherlock, I can promise you, you do.”
“Gregory, hello. How are you?”
“Where are you going?” Greg asked.
John’s thoughts were interrupted by the jingling of the door behind him, and he turned to see Hermione stepping into the daycare flanked by two other wizards. They were all three dressed in robes, Hermione in a dark purple and the other two in dark green.
“Did you want a demonstration?”
“Sorry about that, love,” John said, wincing as he looked up at Sherlock. He went and sat in his chair.
“Yeah, of course,” Greg said, running out of the room and putting the kettle on, standing impatiently as he watched it boil. When it was mostly done Greg emptied it out into a bowl, putting a rag in the bowl, grabbing a hand towel and walking as quickly as he could back to the bedroom while not spilling the boiling water. “Here,” he said when he got there, standing beside Marcia.
“Everything,” Sherlock answered immediately. “The same as before, but more.”
They went down the list of services, Sherlock rating them steadily. Once they were done, they went back to where they had left off in the list and went down from there.
“Well, I let you on the scene, so unless you’re calling yourself an idiot…”
“Good, we learned about oxymorons in English. One of the kids in my class called another kid an oxymoron and he got angry and told the teacher. It was pretty funny.”
“Fine, tea?”
Liz just nodded, nose buried in John’s neck. Sherlock stayed a moment more before going to the bathroom. When he returned, Liz was bundled in a blanket, and the telly was set at a low volume.
“Fantastic,” the woman said, voice slightly awed. “Before that booster, that cold would have killed her,” she told Mycroft. “I’ve got all the files on the booster right here,” she said, pointing at the papers spread out in front of her.
“Was scared,” Liz whispered. “Left me with toys. Didn’t wanna be alone.” Her lower lip started to tremble again.
“We’ve already had the puberty talk,” he reminded her snarkily.
“Don’t touch me,” he snarled. “Please.” He added shortly. He was trying to maintain his composure in front of Greg.
“Hail a cab,” John ordered him. Petulantly, Sherlock held out his hand and flagged down a cab. They slid in and John gave the address, leaning back into the seat and putting his hand over Sherlock’s. “If you don’t stop pouting, I’ll have to smack some sense into that arse of yours,” he said under his breath, leaning close to Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock shuddered, nuzzling his nose into the crook of John’s neck.
“And what made you think the police force couldn’t do it?”
The flat they entered was spacious, an open style with a few closed doors leading deeper into the flat. The kitchen and living room were one room with a door off the kitchen and a door beside that one. They quickly discovered that one door led to the bedroom while the other one led to the bathroom, both rather spacious. This flat was definitely bigger than the last.
They chose an unpopular intersection and all Apparated, Sherlock side-along Apparating with John. Once they were all together, Hermione pulled out the map and pointed to the blinking light. “It says she’s near here, but unfortunately the map isn’t much more detailed than that. We’re going to have to go it by foot.”
“Is that what you want?” Sherlock’s voice came out rough.
The two men got up and left, Sherlock quickly hailing them a cab and getting them efficiently back to Baker Street.
“Yup!” Greg took Alice’s bag from Sarah, slinging Charlie’s over his shoulder.
“Ah, magic is handy,” Sherlock said thoughtfully.
“I could scream, you know.”
“Never mind then.” With a small smile, she left Sherlock alone. Well, that was shockingly easy. Sherlock knocked back the rest of his drink and made his way to the bar for another.
“Okay,” Sherlock said. “That’s fine. I can take the sofa tonight.”
“It was good of you to know you shouldn’t be alone, but you also should have called me. I could have met you here.”
“When we’re both home,” Greg said with a self-deprecating smile tossed towards Mycroft, who answered with a grin of his own. “We’re both very busy men, Evangeline. Nights where we are both home are rarer than we might like.”
John and Sherlock wake with the memory of debris, and drowning; of Sherlock pulling the trigger on the vest of Semtex and the blast knocking them into the pool; of dying, slowly, agonizingly.
“I stopped him, didn’t I?” Sherlock groans, his back aching.
Sherlock is on the floor. Sherlock is bleeding.
John takes a deep breath. “I get that, Sherlock, I do. When it was me and Harry, I never wanted to do the talking. But I saw what went down in the Drift, you know I did, and we can’t ignore what happened.”
i like the idea that Sherlock is the baby
“About what? What is there to say, John?”
“Me too,” John says, taking it and rising from the mat. He gives Sherlock’s hand a shake, the releases it to pat him on the shoulder. “He’s my co-pilot,” John tells Mycroft.
John stopped, locked into Sherlock’s glistening eyes, so full of emotion, clearly betraying the ‘sociopath’ in him.
“Yeah, alright,” he says.
“Yes, but—”
She wasn’t, not really, she was just curious and John was overwhelmed by himself.
Sherlock, however, seemed to only have gotten more graceful with age. Though his movements were lesser, they were more deliberate.
John hits a button on the controls, “Greg! How’s Sarah?”
But then.
When Sherlock doesn’t move first, she twitches the gun at him. He takes the hint.
“We’ll be there in a moment, thanks, Greg,” John says, dismissing Lestrade with an apologetic nod.
The first Kaiju breached San Francisco in August of 2013.
He cannot look Sherlock in the eye.
“John, I am—” He did not get any farther, however, because John’s hands abruptly found the collar of his impressive Belstaff, just recently returned to him.
—of course—
“What happened to Scott Donovan?” John asked. “I rode with the Donovans before, about six years ago.”
Harry’s the first one out. “Right hemisphere, calibrating.”
Sherlock nods. “The same goes for you, though. No more blame. We are clearing the slate.
“Never been more.” He lifts a hand to John’s shoulder. “I think your twenty minutes are over.”
Immediately, he regrets it. Mary, ever the caretaker, prods him about Sherlock, about his feelings. He manages to talk about small things, at least for a little while, but when the conversation gets too close to his death, John breaks down again, shouting at Mary for pushing him and collapsing onto her couch, head in his hands, breathing heavy but not dangerously. “I’m sorry,” he says, for the second time in her living room.
Greg raises his eyebrows and turns around.
, John thinks to herself.
They don’t talk about it.
They have lunch together a few times a week for the next month before they go on a proper dinner date. She asks. He accepts, blushing, feeling a little incompetent but also relieved.
He tries to think back to the last time he felt solid. And that’s when the pain comes. He knows this pain, has felt it before.
“I was waiting for a call, anyway. Are you alright?” the voice asks, sounding more curious than concerned. But it’s an attractive voice nonetheless, and John’s the one who rang them, so she feels obligated to answer rather than just hanging up.
They dozed for another hour or so, until they heard Mrs. Hudson puttering around downstairs.
John has his hand on the bed, palm open to Sherlock.
Fireworks are wonderful. Bright, shiny, colorful things that amaze and astound people of all ages.
“Honestly, you could have taken all of them two moves sooner.”
They are already awake. Neither of them want to sleep after the close call they just had. Both of them, while never having confirmed with one another since the first instance, know that they will only find death in sleep.
Atlas Zeta is launched in August of 2017, and its first mission takes place in October.
Sherlock straightens his back, takes a step away from John. “What do you mean?”
“Mostly I thought we were trying to keep people safe,” John answers.
He sits through his statement at the Yard with quiet unease, the adrenaline all rushed from his system in one go but his guilt still not quite caught up with him. Something’s wrong, he knows it, but he’s so tired he can’t bother to figure out what it is just then.
like they've always been there,
“What the hell, Sherlock!”
“Engaging drop, sir,” he responds, and John can almost hear his back straighten.
There's a loud guffaw from outside the door, which fades down the hall as it disappears.
He turns to walk away, leaving the pair of them behind to go and find Sherlock.
Greg Lestrade - Tendo Choi
“Capt. Watson, this is my brother, Sherlock Holmes, one of our main Jaeger engineers and Kaiju scientists. He personally overviewed the Mach 3 restoration project.”
I hadn't come up with a reason yet that Sherlock was on his way (oops)
“Left hemisphere, calibrating,” John adds.
“She was, as you can imagine, not the most well behaved patient. As she grew older, she became more violent and manipulative. She began to send letters, mostly addressed to Sherlock, which were…disturbing in nature. We believe she had either colluded with or coerced a member of the staff into sending them, because despite revoking her privilege they still came. Always with a different return address, so we didn’t know what they were until we opened them.”
They don’t talk about it again.
Sherlock looks John up and down, a very obvious appraisal. He turns slightly toward Mycroft. “I imagined him differently,” he states simply.
Sherlock thought to maybe start his apology over, having been cut off the first time.
She doesn’t ask anything else, and eventually they both drift off to sleep.
Harry mutters, “Barely.”
They arrive, dressed to the nines. John in his brand new tuxedo—his old one had gotten a bit small and smelled like old mothballs, so Sherlock had insisted on buying him another.
Marshal Holmes’ voice rises over the murmur. “More control, Sherlock.”
“Watsons, your orders are to hold the Miracle Mile off Anchorage, do you copy?”
because I know who you really are.
John follows, calling an apology back to Dr. Hooper.
arguing in a scruffy flat,
“I’ll make sure he does,” John says, back straight.
They enlist in the Jaeger program in 2016.
Crimson Sentinel- Mark V (Mary/Sebastian later)
She thinks about taking it back, telling him not to answer, but she knows if he really doesn’t want to he won’t. So she lets it hang there, for him to take or leave.
there are two men sitting,
Mary looks at him, the strange mix of pain and relief in his eyes. “You really don’t know, do you?”
“When she took them they made her sick, or they impaired her mind. When she didn’t, she had major manic and depressive episodes. She couldn’t be sent to school, so Mother attempted home-schooling. But still Euros isolated herself, even from us. I once didn’t see her for a week, because she only left her room to get food, and she only did so when we were either asleep or out. The only signs of life were from her violin.”
“Angry, detailed, and quite violent, as you can expect. Many of them referred to Redbeard, as well as Euros’ desire to leave treatment and return home, at any cost.”
There’s a long moment of silence while John cleans up. As he turns around, he sees Sherlock’s brow furrowed in thought. He sighs, and heads back down the hall to replace the kit.
Sherlock lets out a low chuckle. It sounds damp, wet. John wants so much to look at him, look into his eyes and see…well, he doesn’t know what he wants to see. Does he want to see light, warmth, and know Sherlock’s going to forgive him anyway? Or does he want emptiness, fear, that Sherlock will actually save himself from whatever future hurt John is sure to cause him?
That last one still got him, caught in his throat even though no words were made to be spoken. So his anger with Mary lived hotly in the base of his brain, willed never to spread; and his anger (or whatever it was, he had forgiven him after all) for Sherlock lived tangled in his throat, stuck whether he wanted it there or not.
John’s other hand slips from his forehead, ending up at his side just centimeters from Sherlock’s falling from his neck.
She nods. “Yeah, a three team drop in Manila. Good to have you back, mate. Sorry to hear about your sister.”
“Yes, you did.” The words leave him without permission. They taste like Sherlock’s blood on his hands.
Mary then turns to Sherlock. “Are you on the list for tomorrow, Sherlock? With a simulator score like yours…”
The kiss goes from tender to heated very quickly, and before he knows it his jumper and shirt are off and her blouse is open.
Sherlock clears his throat. “It will be easier with a proper partner,” he says, dropping his eyes. “Likely they won’t be as tall as I am.”
She sits him down on her couch and kisses him breathless. At least, she thinks it’s the kissing that makes him breathless. Once that slows down he clears his throat, ever the gentleman, and asks, “Need help with the coffee?”
“Yeah, that was,” he clears his throat, “a very interesting lesson. Thank you.”
“Forget you going after Smith, I should have been arrested for what I did to you. And I can’t take that back. Nothing I do can ever change the fact that I put my hands on you with the intent to hurt you, really and truly hurt you. As soon as that scalpel was out of your hand, I had crossed a line I
Morstan - American
“We managed to keep most of them from reaching Sherlock. Unfortunately, we learned that Euros had managed to escape under the ruse of a suicide attempt, an intentional overdose, injuring several attending staff along the way. She came home, as expected, and attempted to burn down the house.”
“It may be relevant to the case.”
“Because I said so,
“Euros is no longer a danger to you, John, nor to anyone else.”
John gets a minute alone with Greg—and Pete—later that day.
And even though Mary was normal and pretty and perfect, John would catch her watching him. Watching him with a look that looked familiar somehow, but he couldn’t place it.
'Cause I want you so much
They drink coffee at two am.
“I can’t believe you, Sherlock! Being so irresponsible like that, you could have been killed,” John scolds, helping his partner up the stairs to 221B.
Why you were creeping
Sherlock turns away from the Kaiju parts suddenly. He regards John, “Good eye.”
“I saw it,” he whispers, tracing lightly. “I felt it when the Kaiju pierced the Jaeger. When the arm was ripped out.”
The part after the fireworks, when the embers fall and fade into the dark night, when the smoke floats away and dissipates, that was always Sherlock’s favorite part, as a child. The calm after the storm.
He takes it. “John. Heard you just came in from Sydney?”
Sherlock hesitates, clears his throat. “Yes, well, of course there’s that,” he says.
“John Watson, as I live and breathe!” he calls out, crossing over to him. He lifts the boy over his head and sets him down on the floor. “Damn, it’s good to see you.”
“Don’t get cocky, now,” she warns, but they both know that between the two of them, Harry’s the one that should heed her own advice.
The first familiar face he encounters, after the elder Holmes, is Greg Lestrade.
So here they stood, in the Holmes’ sitting room, his wife begging him to love her again. He kicked the revulsion back into its place in the back of his skull, threw the damned thumb-drive into the fire, and kissed his pregnant wife. Just like he should.
Months and months later, without any terribly close calls to agonize over, they wake in Sherlock’s bed, tangled together, warm and alive.
“Tune them out, stay in the Drift, I know.”
As he turns toward his own door, he hears something just beyond the heavy steel where Sherlock is hiding. It vaguely sounds like a violin.
She cinches the lace tight on her shoe and stands tall. Even with her three years over him, she and John are the same height. Harry grins.
Mary was beautiful. Mary was normal. Mary was perfect.
He walks in to find the two of them looking over a one of the pieces of Kaiju he saw the day prior.
John considers canceling multiple times. He likes Mary, likes her a lot, but he can’t promise things he should be able to. There’s almost nothing guaranteed in his future, and he doesn’t want to give her false expectations.
“Sherlock,” John says, “Sherlock, we need to talk.”
“What kind of letters?”
John smiled to himself. “Tea?”
The next date, at her place, sees him through a few beers and a couple glasses of whiskey, and he gets chatty. He starts off telling a story that eventually turns into a case he worked with Sherlock, the Connie Prince murder, with the brother and the hairless cat, and by the time he realizes what’s happening he’s almost hyperventilating and Mary’s rubbing his back, trying to calm him down.
“Teaching you,” he states calmly, raising his hand out to John.
Mary smiles at Sherlock, ignores Irene’s comment. “Well, I hope you get your chance.”
“Yeah, you do, but I know you’re thinking the same thing,” she smirks.
About that night
After a few moments he sighs. His eyes relax but he keeps them closed, not looking at her. “No.”
It irks John, the look Jim gives Sherlock. He doesn’t quite know why. He can tell Sherlock is actively trying to ignore Jim’s attentions.
So when the match ends, John winning 4-2, he shakes Mary’s hand and then walks to the edge of the mat. “What’s all this about?” he asks.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Apparently he doesn’t like me.”
“I don’t blame you, not for any of it. Not for Mary, not for anything. I hope you know that,” he whispers.
“You look good,” John adds, impulsively.
John wakes the moment Sherlock hits the ground. Choking back a scream, he crashes upright, out of bed, and through the flat to Sherlock’s room. He bursts in to find Sherlock, asleep, alive, unharmed.
He stands, stares, gathering his mind, letting the adrenaline fade, and watching the rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock only lifts his head long enough to pronounce “Just tea,” and then is back in John’s shirt. His hand finds the hem and slides underneath, tracing lazy, intricate nothingness into John’s stomach.
His brain tries to fill in the empty space but the world around him vibrates, not liking his attempt to change something. And all at once John realizes—
“What point?”
Harry and John Watson were born (November 1995 and December 1998 respectively) in America to an American mother and an English father. They moved to London in 2003.
“Says who?” John interrupts.
“I’m alright, yeah,” he says, looking down at the boy, “busy as ever.”
“After Sarah’s father,” Greg adds.
“Ay, freak!” she yells at them. At first, John thinks she means him, but Sherlock’s low growl tells him otherwise. They approach regardless.
Greg gives him a look. “I assume you’ve all met, then?”
“I’m fine, now. I thought someone was following me, so I ducked into this phone box, but I must have mixed up the numbers.”
Thanks for reading :) leave me a note if you like it!
“Good boy,” Mycroft praised, raking his nails roughly along Greg’s scalp. The pain was as much pleasure as it was punishment. He then reached for a carrot stick and snapped it in half, holding out a piece towards Greg. “Keep your hands behind your back. I’m going to feed you,” he told him.
“I’d prefer to be alone,” Mycroft whispered, hands clenching into white-knuckled fists.
“Then you’d better spend that time with your child,” Greg said. “I’ll take care of the shopping and you can grab Jackie,” he continued.
“Now, I was told very firmly by Marcia that you need rest and fluids. So I’ve got a glass of water here that I want you to finish, and then you’ll be going back to sleep.”
“Of course, love.” John stood, keeping an arm wrapped tightly around Sherlock. They made their way to the kitchen and John quickly got their sandwiches out of the fridge, Sherlock plastered to his side the entire time. They wound up back in their original positions with John sitting on the sofa and Sherlock kneeling at his feet, but this time Sherlock was leaning against John’s knee.
“Can you watch her for a moment?” Mycroft asked, dumping Jackie in Greg’s lap without waiting for an answer and briskly walking to the front door.
When he finished up, John dragged Sherlock by the hand out onto the pavement.
“That I don’t think any less of submissives.”
“Hey!” he shouted, rushing the technician and swinging at his head. “You do NOT hit him!” John shouted as the technician fell to the ground, dazed by John’s punch t the side of his head.
“Of course you do,” John said, chuckling at her excitement. “We’ll have to get you new robes, and a hat, and a cauldron and, oh! a telescope as well. Too bad you can’t bring a broomstick first year, you’re brilliant at Quidditch.”
“I can’t,” came the watery reply.
“Piss off.” They took a moment to chuckle. “So I got it all right?” Sherlock looked smug.
“Thanks,” John said with a small smile towards Sherlock.
"Copy that. Going in now." Quietly Mycroft tiptoed to the door, pressing his ear to the seam and hearing nothing on the other side. He wrapped his fingers around the cool metal of the handle of the door and threw it open, gun preceding him into the room. Light spilled forth as the door swung open and Mycroft was greeted with the sight of a room shallower than the previous one, containing only one workbench and an examination table. At the examination table was a woman in her mid-twenties, hair tied back loosely into a ponytail and white lab coat hanging haphazardly on her frame, questionable stains covering it. Laying on the table in front of her was a small child, eyes glassy and blonde curls plastered to her forehead with sweat, dressed only in a diaper. She was sobbing quietly, hands pressed to her chest by one of the woman's hands.
“If I must,” Sherlock drawled, but his heart wasn’t in it. He slunk out of the room and came back quickly, teddy bear in hand. Giving it to Mycroft, Sherlock sat in his chair once more, staying out of the way. Mycroft took it in his left, snaking his right arm around Jackie and trapping her arms under his.
“Happy Easter!” Alice responded, moving aside so they could come in.
“It’s not that I don’t want to go down, t’s that I have more important things to do.” Sherlock was avoiding eye contact with John, looking pointedly at the floor.
“How old is she?” the waitress asked.
“I know so.” Greg reached for the bag of eggs, unwrapping one and popping it in his mouth. He offered the bag to Mycroft, who took one and unwrapped it delicately before putting it in his mouth.
“Liz, Liz, you’re not bad. It was an accident. You didn’t do anything, you’re safe now.”
“Da, what house do you think I’ll be in?” She perched on the end of the sofa closest to him, looking equal parts nervous and excited.
Sherlock reeled back with a shout, grabbing his nose. John immediately saw red.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” Greg said quietly.
“Four,” she whispered.
“Really?” Greg asked, eyes lighting up.
“Shouldn’t you boys be getting home? It’s kind of late.” “John looked at his watch, noticing it was shortly after ten.
“Here, love,” Greg said, holding out the pajamas. Mycroft took them, careful not to touch Greg as he did so.
Falling into his Mind Palace, he wandered down hallways until he came across a new door, covered in a fresh coat of white paint with a bronze nameplate that read “John Watson” on it. Turning the matching brass doorknob, he entered the room. It was sparse, an oatmeal-coloured carpet covering the floor and the walls a plain comforting blue. There was one wooden bookcase that housed a medical textbook, a rugby ball and a half-consumed bottle of beer. In the far corner there was also a sturdy wooden desk that matched the bookshelf but was currently empty. Sherlock stood in the doorway and took a deep breath, smelling the slightly musky scent of worn jumpers and the sweet smell of almonds. It was a scent that was uniquely John and suited the room perfectly.
Sherlock nodded almost as emphatically as Liz.
“Now, just wait a moment-“ John started, pulling his hand out of Sherlock’s and turning towards his partner. He was interrupted by Evan.
“Don’t know,” Mycroft responded.
“Sure,” Mycroft said.
“I don’t know, anything really.”
“Not at all,” Mycroft agreed readily. “But the way I see it, we’re already pretty fucked. They modified us without our consent, yes, but they can’t unmodify us, so unless we figure out some way out of this biology, and trust me, Sherlock is always searching, I’m afraid we’re hooped.”
“Yeah, this is nothing to worry about,” Greg confirmed as Mycroft set the mug of tea before him. Handing the nappy back to Mycroft he continued, “has she eaten anything like beets, cranberries, tomatoes, anything like that?”
“Yes, and?”
Strictly speaking there weren’t supposed to be points, but Sherlock was giving each item thought so John let it slide.
“What about bathroom trips?” Greg asked.
“Hello.” Sherlock let the deductions fly through his brain fast and furious as they shook hands, and could discern nothing wrong with this sub.
“Thanks, love.” John took it from him and moved to the side, shining it into Jackie’s ear before moving to the other side and doing the same thing. Moving back to the front, John grabbed Jackie’s chin in his hand and gently pulled downward, prompting her to open her mouth. Up until this point she had been relatively still, only squirming when John had touched her face. Now she jerked violently, whimpering a little as she turned her head. “It’s okay,” John crooned at Jackie. “Come now, nice and easy.” But she refused to face him, burrowing her face into Mycroft’s side. “Mycroft, I’m going to need your help.” Mycroft was looking down at the small face burrowed into his shirt.
“That is part of the reason I am here. I’d like to see if they need adjusting,” Mycroft said.
Liz shook her head.
“But John,” Sherlock started to whine.
They walked out of the store and back to the car. When they got there, Greg loaded the carrier and car seat into the back of the car. “Let’s try her out in this, shall we?” Greg asked Mycroft.
“Yes,” Mycroft nodded. Greg had told him to go along with whatever he said, and it was the easiest option in Mycroft’s opinion.
“You both were, I’m sure.”
Sherlock felt his heart rate pick up slightly. The idea of John beating someone else up for him had a disgustingly saccharine affect on him.
“Not negotiable,” D.I. Nolan responded.
“Wait, ten being perfectly happy and one being totally miserable, or…?” Greg clarified.
“Sure,” Marcia said. Greg went to Jackie and Mycroft’s room, picking Jackie up from the bed and cradling her to his chest.
“Any luck?” Hermione asked.
“It’s okay,” John soothed automatically as Sherlock swanned past him. John could see him taking in every detail, his brow furrowed. “What happened?” he asked to the room in general.
Greg resisted the sensation of his knees turning to jelly, firmly keeping his eyes locked on Mycroft’s. “I’m not going to get the box.”
“You know I hate repeating myself.”
“Okay, Happy Easter,” he said. When they had first divorced, Greg had been angry at Sarah because of her cheating, but over the years he had become rather indifferent. Finding Mycroft had helped him in that regard.
“To ensure that going to the Muggle authorities will be easier, should something like this happen again.”
“And you know you’ve got your safe word so that at any time, if you feel I am being truly unfair, you can back out.”
“To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“Good aim,” Sherlock praised as he held out his hands for Jackie. Mycroft hesitated for only a moment before putting Jackie in Sherlock’s outstretched arms. Sherlock took her eagerly, confident in his hold on her. As confident as he was, Jackie still fussed at being put in a stranger’s arms, kicking her legs and swinging her arms. Pulling the muslin gently from his back, Mycroft folded the soiled cloth and put it in one of the hampers he had placed in every room of the flat. He figured they would come in use.
Thank you for reading! This one's got a little bit of action to it.
“In a moment, love. I’m just going to put some cream on you.” He grabbed a dollop of cream and smeared it along Sherlock’s back, making sure to work it into every inch. Then, he slid Sherlock’s pants down and rubbed cream into his red cheeks. Sherlock shivered at the cold cream but otherwise stayed still. When he was done, John put the cream on the bedside table and slid down so that Sherlock was laying half on top of him, arms snaked around his chest.
John smiled gently and wrapped an arm around her shoulders.
“I think that went well,” he said as he curled up against Sherlock, leaning his head on his shoulder.
“Peppa,” Liz answered quietly.
“Yes, and I believe we’re ready to order,” Mycroft said. “I will have a tea and the salad.”
“How so?”
" Yes, sir." With a salute, the other man trotted back down the alley and disappeared around the corner.
“And how is that going?”
“Great, back to bed we go,” Greg answered, turning and slowly directing Mycroft back to the bed. When Mycroft was tucked under the covers, Greg stood back. “I’m going to make us something to eat,” he said. “I’m not sure exactly what time it is, but we should both eat, that’s what I know. Any requests?”
“I think we can make a plea for your independence, if it comes to it,” Mycroft said confidently. “And really, you could move in with Gregory and I, if it came down to it.”
“Yes, John.”
“Well, no,” the boy admitted, looking warily between the two of them. Draining his champagne glass, he held it up and declared “I’m for another. Maybe they’ll have pulled beer from somewhere, I could really do with a good pint right now. You boys want anything?”
The woman sat staring at him for a moment more.
“Yes John,” Sherlock said with a soft smile. John smiled and leaned up, kissing Sherlock again. He put one hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck and the other at his back, pulling Sherlock closer and digging the pads of his fingers into the light pink skin he found there. Sherlock moaned at the contact. “Yes, that’s good,” he said, pulling away after a few moments.
“Appreciated,” Sherlock said.
“Toast will be good,” Mycroft said.
“Are you just going to let me rot here?” the handcuffed woman asked, leaning against the wall. She was pale and a little green, sweat covering her face.
"Anthea, we have a situation. Three guards are en route my way and I have a child with me. Ready the evac team. I will get the information and work my way out of here."
“Yes,” Mycroft said, finishing his eggs and picking up a piece of toast. “Thank you,” he said as Sherlock passed him Jackie, sticking the piece of toast in his mouth so that he could receive Jackie. He sat her between his legs and continued munching on his toast, ripping his second piece and handing a bit to Jackie.
“That’s not necessary,” Mycroft said hollowly.
“Is it hard to do that?” he asked as they exited the building.
