Instead, Tony was furious. Seething beneath his skin. It
"I mean, while you're down there…"
Steve answered on the third ring. "Banner! What's up?"
"I suppose blowing something up in the tower would be counterproductive."
"I'll make sure he knows it, ma'am."
No one deserves that, least of all Steve.
The headboard was banging slightly against the wall with his movements, his hand shoving the dildo into himself again and again, his hips undulating as he searched for the head to pulse against his prostate. The pleasure was climbing, his balls tightening, his mouth open, and his eyes uncontrollable as he tried to read between them slipping closed with the feeling of fucking himself.
Rhodey twitched, his indecision clear. "She thinks we should…" Biting the inside of his cheek, he studied Tony's prone form before pressing on. "She thinks we should encourage a reconciliation."
Clint nodded enthusiastically, "Definitely. What about Thor?"
Shaking his head, Thor replied, "On the contrary, I think it will make us stronger to see such a love between two teammates. On Asgard, falling in love with a shield brother or sister is considered the most pure form of love. There is no bond stronger."
"Natasha really likes the whole marking thing, so definitely add that. And Thor and Bruce seem really sweet on all the lovey stuff, but you do that anyway." He turned back to the laptop, no intention of leaving just yet. "You should have Steve put Tony in one of his hoodies, afterwards. Bruce likes that idea. But first, you know, rough fucking."
"2014," Howard mumbled. "That's a long way to travel."
As soon as the words leave his mouth, his eyes go wide and his face turns red. Tony's mouth drops in shock. "You're in love with me too?"
"I don't believe we've reached that milestone in our relationship quite yet."
Tony clenched around him, his body writhing with desire, hips undulating to meet each drive inside him. It took a few tries, but Steve found the angle perfect for hitting his prostate on every inwards push, knew he had found it when Tony keened, his back arching, moaning Steve's name over and over.
"Tony, oh my god, Tony!" The self-control was back as Steve pushed Tony's head away, "Wait, shit! Not yet!" It was harder this time. But he had a goal, and he meant to keep it.
"I thought I had lost you."
Opening the fridge, Tony grabbed both items and handed them to Steve, "Here ya go, Paula Deen." He leaned against the counter, watching Steve hand mash the potatoes for a few minutes before speaking again, "What did he hope to accomplish? In coming here, I mean."
He jolts awake, the movement setting off the pain. Steve is by his side in an instant. "Too soon for your pain medication, Tony. Breathe through it." He mimes, exaggerating his own breathing. He looks foolish, but Tony hurts too much to laugh. "Like this. You're okay, Tones. That's it."
"They've cornered the Manhattan market. And they'll have the best of what we're looking for." Bruce answered as they entered, grabbing a cart.
But he was still envious. Even through his jaunty remarks and light-hearted outward demeanor.
Steve nodded and sat back to use the lube on himself, tossing the bottle to the other side of the bed when he was done, and replacing his hand over the arc reactor. "I love you." And he slid in, completely.
"Nat," he started, sitting on the bed and pulling one of the socks on, "what's up?"
"I can't help you."
Tony awoke, warm and comfortable. The sun was low and cast long shadows along the living room, and he was snuggled into the couch, wrapped in one of Steve's hoodies. It smelled like him. Like cologne and Steve's soap; it was wonderful. He had the hood up, the edge dipping over his face, and his hands were tucked into the front pocket. It was cozy. And he was alone and free to breathe in Steve's scent.
RiaRose - 3136 - R1 - Flight
"It's a risk I would be willing to take." Before he could answer, she continued, "But not one the Avengers will. They have final say."
"Do I take-WHAT?"
Tony quickened his pace, head and body curling forward as he worked his hips, thrusting into Steve's hand, and panting. "Oh, fuck," his rocking became stilted as he neared, then tumbled over the edge, his left hand splayed on Steve's chest, nails digging into the skin as he shook.
"I'm fine," Tony replied, taking Steve's face in his hands and kissing him again.
"Healing is a myth."
Fandom called it a Fix-It. Something to make the bad things better. Maybe he could write about not only protecting Tony, but finally getting the guts to tell him the truth: That he loved him. That Steven Rogers was completely, irrevocably, 100% head over heels in love with Anthony Stark.
Howard took a long drink. Pulling the glass back and giving it an appreciative look, he raised his eyebrows. "That's fucking delicious."
"It's meant to be." Michael straightens up, showing Tony with his body language how serious this part is. "Every day, the demons of Hell are trying to thin the numbers of The Protectors. They don't have as much of a shot in dragging people to Hell with guardian angels on earth.  But they can abduct an Angel's spirit as it ascends if it's not on some form of holy ground."
"Do I look like someone who read the menu? I knew what I wanted as soon as we walked in. Get the schweinshaxe, bratwurst is common." With that said, he plucked the menu from Tony's hands and set it on top of his. "I think Steve is having a harder time deciding."
"IRON MAN!"
Steve swatted at him. "You were dead to the world."
"Stop fuming. I can hear you thinking all the way over here."
He always did.
"Don't exaggerate. It's maybe a few thousand."
"No, I need to stand." Letting the cord go, Tony ran his fingers through his hair, tugging at the ends. "I tried to tell you this when I was sixteen," he began, unable to look Howard in the eyes, "but I was too afraid of what you might do."
"No, no way. I'm not touching that one with a ten foot pole."
"You must let us play again." Thor said softly, standing and retrieving his pants.
Seeing Howard's shocked face and knowing how stubborn Dum-E could be, Tony took the ball and tossed it, hitting the far wall and sending Dum-E reeling after it. "Your own. And Fury is going to get paperwork for you to be an official citizen. I don't know if you heard, but the public knows who you are." Dum-E returned and Tony tossed the ball again, watching as it rolled into a corner and his robot frantically tried to grip it. "He thinks we should roll with it. You'll still be Howard Stark, and we'll find a place for you. Whatever you want."
"Thank you," Steve replied, opening the door. “JARVIS," he asked, "is Tony still in the workshop?"
Too much to see Tony panting and gasping, chest heaving as he clung to Steve, riding out wave after wave of incredible delectation, as if the rapture had claimed him, lifting his soul high up above them as his body trembled against Steve's. Too much to feel him and his love swaying around him, enveloping Steve's entire body and soul. Too much and never enough. Steve could drink Tony like a fine red wine and never be drunk.
Moving in front of the stove, Tony kept an ear open for who was at the door. Hearing Bruce's calming tone, he tuned them both out, concentrating instead on the task at hand. Tony couldn't cook at the best of times; he simply didn't have the patience for it. But he refused to let Steve's bacon burn.
Early update today!  Enjoy!
"I haven't been completely upfront with you," Coulson says, tugging Tony into a quiet corner. "Steve Rogers… Tony, Steve Rogers was one of my charges."
life?"
Enough so that Steve felt confident in taking the next step, that Tony would be secure enough to move with him. That he would say yes, and Steve could finally -- finally -- grow old with the person he loved.
"This involves Agent Coulson as well."
It's hard to believe that he had died just hours before, and Tony fears that everything he had seen was, in fact, a fever dream caused by his crash. But his chest is still whole. It's confirmation enough.
"Need some help?"
," she said instead, recognizing how uncomfortable he was. She would get nowhere with him if he closed up. In that, Tony was a carbon copy of Howard. At least she had experience.
"I said, GANG’S ALL HERE!"
When he was finished, he stood in the middle of his bedroom and contemplated. Bruce and Clint were sure to know he was awake, which meant they were sure to interrupt him. Which also meant that Natasha, Thor, and Steve were probably awake as well, and though Steve was most likely not an issue, Natasha and Thor didn't seem to understand the etiquette of knocking before entering.
"So, I've heard," Howard said conspiratorially. "Not that I don't absolutely adore talking about my kid's sex life," He made a face, "let's move on. What museum is next on our list?"
"Is that what it is?" Tony said, finally setting the menu down.
"Tell me you're joking."
She made an offended noise, "Really? Where does Tony come into that equation, huh? Why does he get pancakes?"
Tony's eyes drifted closed, but Steve didn't want to let his own shut. He forced them to stay open, not wanting to miss a thing, not a single second of this. Letting go of Tony's legs, he brought his hands up, pulling Tony's where they laid splayed on Steve's chest and linking their fingers together. Tony's abdomen tightened and loosened with every roll of his hips, his body leaned over just enough to lift off of Steve's length and push back down, his own erection dragging across Steve's skin, causing him to shudder and moan.
It wasn't that Tony didn't think Steve could handle it. On the contrary, he knew he could. It was that Steve didn't deserve to have to deal with the trauma that came with dating Tony Stark.
Steve had no idea what Tony was doing, but just watching had him in a full body laugh, head thrown back and stomach hurting with the gusto of it, "Tony!"
"I mean, I
Laughing, Tony started towards the direction of one of the exits, "Gee whiz, what a fucking surprise!"
a statistic. And I did throw myself at the first kindness he showed." Pushing himself up, he turned to finally face Steve. "I'm lucky this Howard seems to be a good guy. The one I knew would have taken advantage of that."
" She moved to the doorway to the living room and pointed to the clipping framed on the bookshelf. "If there's no Iron Man, then we don't win
He wasn't being fair. He knew that. Howard had no idea why he was so hated. Could Tony really punish him for something that hadn't transpired yet? He rubbed his forehead. It was barely seven in the evening and he was ready for bed. Ready to curl up with Steve and just sleep. To forget everything for a few hours.
The visceral reaction whenever anyone even said the name Howard spoke otherwise, but Steve didn't mention that. Instead, he finally reached out and took the pin from Tony's hand.
Tony was drunk, but rather proud that he had somehow managed to not only
Another punch in the arm, "Excuse you!"
Steve adjusted himself on the couch behind the mixing board, "Think we should add a bass line in there, Pepper?"
"Did you write their website for them or something?"
"Don't you stop, don't ya dare fucking stop!" Tony demanded, hooking his hands under his knees to open himself up further.
gave Tony pause. He sat back on the couch, dropping his hands flat against his thighs and letting his chin fall to his chest. "More than anything. You know that."
Tony's head dropped as he neared his climax, the height coiling low, ready to strike. "Steve, oh fuck, Steve!" And he was coming. Completely untouched. His body seizing in the intensity and his nails scratching up Steve's shoulder blades. His thighs clenched as the streams of come spurt out like white ribbons being untied from a present.
Nat came in through the vents. She wasn't the least bit ashamed, Steve and Tony would understand the need for secrecy. She had to observe first, to see in the flesh what Steve had told her over the phone.
replied: Just tell me! Obvious about what? Hey! It's my story! I demand an answer!
"Tony," his voice came out weak and he cleared his throat. "Tony, listen, I'm sorry, but-"
The glass of the window was cold under his hand, the heat from his body creating a foggy outline. "Where-" he couldn't finish his question. It was all a bit overwhelming. Maybe he really didn't think this through enough.
"Clint," Hill sighed, a weariness in her voice, "didn't you think we could help?"
"Mostly. But not always."
All she had to do was keep an eye on Howard while Steve navigated through keeping Tony's head on straight. That's it. A few extra minutes was just teeny punishment. Tiny. Miniscule. Next time she'd think before feeding people vodka. Particularly of the time traveling variety.
"I only nudged them in the right direction. You're the one that got them to stay."
Throwing his head back, Steve laughs loudly. "Serves you right for messing with JARVIS."
There was brief silence like the quiet between a lightning strike and its answering thunder, before Steve's dam burst, his fears and apprehensions too heavy to continue to carry. The weight of them dipped into his voice, forcing a hoarse, desperate tone, overwhelmed by too much rain. Too much water. Too much pain. It hurt to hear.
"There are ramifications for that, I know you're aware."
"I'm not that man yet." He pushed off the bed, stumbling to his feet, the aches in his body becoming shockingly pronounced as he allowed himself to be made aware of them. "
The curse had Tony groaning, the heat of it sending ripples down his spine.
"How much is healing worth to you, Clint? Tell me that?" She knew he couldn't answer, because how can one put a price on that?
He grabs at his chest, searching for the reactor, but it's gone. "Where-"
Tony couldn't help it. He smiled. How had he gone from a misanthropic man with media tendencies, to someone whose friends and teammates knew him better than anyone? His list used to be only Rhodey and Pepper and to some extent Happy. These days, Bruce, Natasha, Clint, and even Thor when he was on earth could see through almost all of his masks. And Steve? Steve didn't just know him biblically, he had been allowed in further than even Rhodey.
"Yes," he held up his pointer finger, "but one kind of soup that doesn't make Tony sick."
"Something like that. Hey!" He pointed right into Tony's face, who swatted at the hand and leaned back, "Hey, don't do-stop that! I'm trying to talk here!"
. The Other Guy liked flowers. He liked how pretty they were and how they smelled, but he tended to crush them accidentally when he attempted to hold them.
There. He said it. Kind of.
on the same page.
As he watched through the glass windows looking out onto the landing pad from his seat on the couch, Rhodey put his arm around Tony's shoulders and laughed, giving his best friend a shake and drawing a wide smile from him. The new suits that Steve had watched Tony build stood tall and silent like golems behind them as they walked the path to the door. Tony looked happier -- and Steve supposed he should be glad, if he wasn't so jealous that it wasn't him making Tony look like that. It was Rhodey. Tony's best friend. The center of the puzzle that made everything else make sense. He was Tony's guide, the impetus that set him into motion to become the man he would be. Without Rhodey, Afghanistan could have ended differently. The situation with Stane so much worse. The abusive influence of Howard unchallenged.
"Let's see if this doesn't pan out first." Tony was moving a bit too much under Steve's hands, his cock rubbing against the front of Steve's dress pants, hitting the soldier's own erection and making it hard to concentrate. He gripped Tony's ass hard with his left hand, digging his fingers in and warning him to stop moving. "I'd rather not deal with more property damage."
Clint wasn't an idiot. He knew he was trying to justify his actions in calling him to the tower. He
Thor raised his eyebrows, glancing over toward the fearful figure at the doors. "And how is it that you have come to know this?"
And now it was gone.
the Chitauri - had tumbled and washed away like a beach after a hurricane.
"Cross my metallic heart, Miss Potts." Even though she couldn't see him, he drew an imaginary X over the arc reactor.
say something!"
come a long way. This was incredibly saccharine, but he couldn't help but agree, and he felt a sweep of pride for his friend. This wasn't some ploy for information, it wasn't an assigned mission. This was just Nat, thinking about someone she cared for, and wanting to help in any way she could.
Even the nurse laughed at that.
Next chapter is back to the fun with Tony! And OH THE FUN! After that it's one more chapter. That's it! Unless you guys want one more interlude in between them, please let me know in the comments!
"Think Tony will be okay with us teaming up?" Howard laughed, softly at first, but growing more confident. "You and me? We're trouble together. I'm sure Peggy had some stories."
Peggy.
Slowly, like a bird using her wing to shield her offspring from the rain, Rhodey drew Tony in. "You're a survivor. You always have been."
Bruce teased, chuckling as Steve made a show of smelling his armpits. "I'd rather not have you sweating into the pancake mix. Tony frowns upon that."
"Clint got a few hours of fun in with two mad scientists." He waited until Steve had pulled the blankets up before clicking off the light. "See you in the morning, Steve."
"For now." Rhodey said cryptically, finally allowing a grin to tease across his face. He turned to Natasha, "Tony? Where is he?"
"Need help?"
"Yeah," Bruce was saying, he was comparing the ingredients on two packages of cookies. His cart already had the eggs and milk, and an obscenely large bag of shredded cheese. Two loaves of whole wheat bread, and a bag of bakery fresh bagels. "I just never realized exactly what's in these things."
At this point, Clint was laughing so hard he had fallen to his knees. Bruce himself was finding it hard to not dissolve into his own fit of giggles. He didn't remember the last time he had so much fun. And the Other Guy had been content to watch. Huh. He'd have to study that.
"I'd say pity, but I need you. As much as I hate to admit it, without you there's no Tony." He sat languidly on the couch, throwing a leg up on the cushions, trying to exude false bravado. Though he wanted nothing more than to hit Howard again, he was acutely aware that regardless of how angry he felt, there was still a small light inside of him that kept the love he once had for Howard Stark warm.
Steve glanced at her warily as he passed her into the hallway. "How bad?"
The pressure in his bladder was relentless, and Howard forced himself to sit up and swing his feet over the bed, tugging the shirt he wore back into place and- Wait. Whose shirt was this? And… whose pants were these? Though they were very comfortable. He'd woken up in worse before.
"I'm not, Ma, I promise. But I'm getting the money tonight. We can leave as soon as I get the train tickets. First class, Ma, how's that sound?"
With a nervous twitch, Steve swallowed. "Understood."
"But Tony fell into one of his funks, and that's putting it lightly. He broke up with Steve." They had reached the door, and Bruce turned, standing in front of it and blocking the way in. "Then we got a call to assemble."
Tony knew that, and he bit back a snarky retort, knowing that it was just something Avery had to say. "Am I dying?" He tried to laugh, tried to smile, but it came out flat. It was a real worry.
He threw everything onto a clean spot on the bed, lest he ended up with a smear of lube on his shirt, and that just would not do. Nope. It wouldn't. From his dresser, he picked through his underwear, still a mess from Natasha's rooting through it. Oh well. He plucked a pair of black silky briefs. Just in case.
"Yeah. Well, Tony doesn't. He's an idiot sometimes." Looking back at Steve, Clint asked, "Did you honestly think the FANS knew about the faulty lock on the staircase?" He was referring to a comment, left by Natashaboo, one of Steve's most avid readers and-
"Mother fucker!"
Tony was called back into the doctor's office the next Wednesday, but unfortunately, Steve had to leave the night before for DC. He apologized profusely, kissing Tony again and again, "It's fine, you'll be okay, I promise, you're going to be fine."
Although…
"You don't wanna know what I did, Ma," he murmured softly to her sleeping form, "but I'd do it again if it meant saving you."
"We've got a long way to go." In a peace offering, Bruce handed Howard the creamer.
Kicking out, Howard's foot connected with the man's shoulder, sending him sprawling back. He almost lost his grip on the crossbow but regained his balance and swung back to aim again for Tony again. Howard, his face set in anger and determination, stood his ground, standing between Tony and the man. "You hurt my son, and I swear to God, I'll disembowel you!"
Howard gave a startled laugh of excitement when he realized he could just
had just happened.
"Tony's ass. It's gorgeous."
? It worked out in everyone's favor. Ever since the Battle of New York, Hulk had saved Tony countless times. Most of the time, he was the only one capable. And Hulk wasn't exactly a
. Finally. Something he recognized.
Nat wondered if perhaps bubble wrapping the team would help keep them safe.
"A spell?" Steve's arms, which had been folded across his chest, fell in disbelief. "A spell? Are you serious right now? Have you
Taking a deep breath, he quelled his temper. Now was not the time. Outwardly, he softened his voice and forced his face to relax. Tony was too close to breaking down; Steve didn't want him thinking his own rage was directed at him. "You don't have to be Iron Man all the time, angel."
"Have at it. I'll check for stragglers. Iron Man, aerial attack, Thor, use your lightning to electrocute him. Bruce, stand by, we may not need the big guy."
"What if I want to get it dirty?"
He made a face, "Is that why you're writing those stories?"
"Good morning," he finally looked up. "Mr. Stark, pleasure to meet you. You as well, Captain Rogers." They both shook his hand, somehow relieved that he didn't pretend to not know who they were. "So, it says here you've had some issues keeping food down, weight loss, diarrhea, constipation, migraines..." He gave a low whistle. "This is a lot, I'm sorry to hear this." Sitting on a stool he pulled from under the cabinets, he put the chart down. "You're very seriously underweight," he said to Tony.
She was scared. And she didn't want to hide it. She didn't want to soothe and comfort herself, she needed her friends. Needed to not lose
because it was with Tony.
"And your virtue?" Howard teased, refilling his own glass with a can of Pepsi. "Whatever  happened to that?"
"Was that Tony?" he queried, gesturing toward the hallway the other man had disappeared down. Steve nodded but didn't give any more information, so Howard repeated his earlier question, "Aren't you happy to see me?"
Natasha and Clint discuss.
"Tony. It's not okay ever. People don't get to just touch you because you're rich and famous." Steve said, his eyes still furious.
Tony jolted.
"I'm not even half as intelligent as you are."
Tony tensed but said nothing. Steve was right, after all. "You can come down to the workshop. Not right now, because I'm going to talk to Pep, but maybe tomorrow?"
because equating Clint's horrendous tries at being culturally relevant to the 90's - which was the last time he
But the writing was making him delve back into the darker thoughts of that morning, something he didn't want. He wanted to escape the disapproving frowns of his teammates, the media speculation of just how much had been done to him in the past, and the posts on Twitter and Facebook from fans and others alike, horrified that Tony thought so little of himself.
"Now let me sing it again!"
Steve sighed, "They love you-"
Tony threw a napkin at him. "You're not much taller than me, father. They say the apple doesn't fall far, well I didn't have far to go at all!"
"Good. Now go to sleep; you look exhausted."
"Oh, a challenge! I like that in a woman." When she didn't even crack a smile, he continued on, nonplussed, "So, why does it seem like everyone hates me here? Seems impossible. I'm a pretty great guy."
But forcibly learned habits die hard and Tony was in and out, rubbing his face, body, and hair with the same soap.
He was taken aback by that, she could tell. His body recoiled slightly, his face twisting. "That sounds like a threat."
He placed his hand on the table, guarding his plate and shoving a huge chunk of waffle into his mouth. "But, seriously, how blind can you be?" It was said around a mouthful of syrup and butter.
show." And it was. Steve was absolutely happy to hand over the controls, but that didn't mean he couldn't have some fun with it. With two fingers smeared with lube, he snaked his hand around and slipped them inside of Tony, aiming right for his prostate and stimulating it.
Tony continued, a small blush starting to creep up his neck. He was making himself vulnerable. Showing his belly to Steve. "So, I guess what I'm really just trying to say, is: Will you let this stranger stay the night?"
She smiled, "Thank you. I think you made his year!"
"-Then you say rimming, and now there's a story about that." Bruce finished.
Howard didn't seem to notice as he took the armchair, happily munching on his food and pointing out his favorite bits of the movie. As the film ended and they gathered up their plates, he said, "Since you're all planning to erase my memory anyway, mind if I poke around?"
They talked with him about college, about what his goals were, small talk that turned into something bigger when Tony found out that he was in school for engineering. Angelo's father was a mechanic on the island, and he loved machines and technology. Tony got his name and number, tucking it away and making a true promise to get him an intern position at Stark Industries for the summer, so long as his grades were good. Angelo promised they were, and took their orders, a happy hop on his step as he raced back into the kitchen to share the news with his co-workers.
"Come on," Bruce slapped Clint's knee and stood, "let's head inside. It's definitely past my bedtime."
Tony turns his body so he can put his head on Rhodey's chest. "I'm still here, Platypus."
He doesn't know how to respond to that. Shifting his gaze, Tony looks out toward the window and takes a deep, steadying breath. "Okay."
"Apparently not." In goes the sausage! And none for Clinton Barton, bye.
Natasha had managed the armchair, crossing her legs at the last minute and pretending to study her nails, Thor had tried to sit on the sofa, but missed entirely, thudding to the floor and acting for all the world that he meant to do it. Having managed to beat them all to a seat, Bruce looked the most natural, if only the scientific journal he had picked up wasn't upside down.
"That's a little sappy, J." He chuckled, with a roll of his eyes.
"Thanks for cooling me off; it's so hot out today; I didn't know what to do." Steve turns to the snowman with a grin, plucking beans out of the bag and arranging them to make the face. Three grouped together for each eye, seven for the smile.
The museum was nice, considering Tony had no interest in anything in there other than the soldier next to him. Although, Steve talking about art, about drawing and painting, and the use of technique...now that Tony could watch everyday.
"What's this? Tony Stark thinking something creative is interesting? Be still my heart."
Steve continued, "Ty Stone is a megalomaniac with a halfway decent voice and auto-tune. He's
"Have you ever...?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha saw the fight that was about to happen and tried to intervene. "He's fine! Doc looked it over, just a graze, really, Tony."
This was getting out of hand already. "Okay! Back on subject! I get that you tried, but we're going to
Rhodey was already moving past him, opening the door and stepping into the living room. "It's a little funny. Tony would laugh."
"Comedy is probably our best bet," Natasha said as she filed her plate with the salad. "But, Howard, why don't you decide?"
"From the picture!" His head swiveled around to the shelf, "Though he's more red there."
"Brucie. Brucie Bear. My adoring science bro, my intellectual equal-"
But it was honestly nice, just for a little while, to feel a part of something more mundane and just as wonderful. To feel camaraderie with girls her age. Women with no ulterior motives than just wanting to make someone else feel good and smile. Attention from gorgeous men with or without a trust fund, vying for her number, asking her to meet at the Leaky Sailboat in Seaford the next weekend or Mulcahy's in Wantagh because
"I'm not, but I will be." He paused. "Thank you, Brucie Bear."
"You, my angel," Steve grinned, giving in just a little to taste Tony's lips again, "are a pest of epic proportions."
Bruce pulled the cart in behind him when they got up to the cash register, plucking things from the cart to put on the belt. "The point," he said with a scolding look in Clint's direction, "is to make the food at home, so we know what's going into it. With any luck, this will solve the problem."
"Rogers!"
He grabbed a fist full of napkins and three teaspoons, shoving them into the front pocket of his hoodie and lifted the tray. "Tea time!" He called, walking into the living room and speaking with an over the top posh accent. "Served by Captain United Kingdom!"
Steve sighed, "You're impossible."
"We are all regulated to 33 or younger, depending on how old you were when you died. So someone younger than 33 will stay that age; if you're older, you go back to how you looked at 33."
"Can't, or won't?" Again, Steve looked away, this time out through the window. Howard stepped around the couch, blocking his sight. "I don't understand it, Steve, no more than I understand how I turn into a beast. But I
"And...?" She gently prompted.
"Partially, yes." He looks nervous and guilty. It sets Tony on edge. "But also…" He pauses, shifting from foot to foot, and Tony is aware that although he may not have known him all that long yet, Phil Coulson doesn't fidget.
"Good morning! I just need to check your vitals, get some info, then the doctor will be in." She busied herself at the counter for a moment, snapping on fresh gloves and picking up an ear thermometer. "Your temperature first," she said, and Tony tilted his head for her to put it in his ear. "99.6. A little high, but not bad. Can you take your hoodie off for me? I need to do your blood pressure."
Nodding, Steve let Tony lead him down the hallway and into Steve's apartment, leaving Rhodey alone in the living room. All he was aware of was the way the curls at the back of Tony's neck swirled up from being mussed by the helmet. The way his cologne gently wafted back to Steve, smelling expensive and subtle. Mixed with an underlying scent of metal and oil and coffee, with an undercurrent of baby powder from after his shower, the one thing from Howard that Tony learned that was good. He noticed the dip in Tony's waist, how it popped out to form his round and perfectly shaped behind. How Tony's gait was sure and steady, a bit cocky but somehow still sheltered behind a calm confidence that Steve had at one time taken for arrogance.
"-And see what he sees. The man he loves has never done anything even remotely not heterosexual. Ever."
"What the fuck is he doing here?" Tony mumbled into Steve's chest.
"I do. And this distraction wouldn't happen to come in a package that's about 5'8, brown hair, big brown puppy dog eyes, and a penchant for being as annoying as possible?" Her grin was devilish and somehow fond. Nat snorted, and Clint grinned. "He's like a fungus. Grows on you."
Steve nodded his thanks, picking up another plate for his salad. "Okay, that's good. I was enjoying it. I can see why it's a favorite of yours."
"Good!" Tony was already grabbing a fresh pair of pajamas for himself, "because you started this," he gestured to his crotch with a coy grin, "so you need to finish it."
. Why is she touching him?
The train was packed, full of tourists and locals, a rare nice day in February drawing people outdoors and into the cheapest means to traverse the city. With the subway so packed, there were no seats, so they stood close together, Steve looking like he belonged, and Tony trying to push down his anxiety. How in hell did people do this daily?
Without breaking the kiss, Steve rolled them backward, laying Tony down and slowly pulling out of the pliant and wet hole, draping himself along Tony's body.
"Actually," Coulson says in that soft way of his that is somehow as comforting as it is at demanding respect, "I think Tony might be an asset there as well. His father
That's when he realizes that he loves Tony. It isn't lust like he had thought prior to this. Not just a schoolyard crush on the best looking kid in his class. Steve knows with a certainty that almost hurts that if Tony were the one to lose his mind - his genius! - Steve would still want to be with him. He would take care of him like the old man cares for his wife. Take him to feed the ducks. For a walk in Central Park. He'd wipe the spittle from his mouth without a second thought.
"It's Steve."
"Iron Man!"
"S'okay," Tony mumbled, curling into Steve as he slipped under the covers, and shivered lightly. "It's cold," he grumbled, and pressed his forehead into Steve's warm, pink chest.
Blushing, Steve gestured to Tony. "All good."
"Why does she get to be Natasha but you call me Agent Barton?"
Steve's eyes widened. "I did. I guess I was, I don't know, it was too much to hope for: that it was me. And not just some character."
That didn't sound fun at all.
"Clint's awake!" Natasha called cheerfully as she re-entered the kitchen, Clint trailing behind her and rubbing his side.
A world without Tony Stark was incomprehensible.
Fun times had by all!
Tony leaned on him, his exhaustion making him feel like he could sleep for years. "Okay."
Steve nodded, pushing the bills into his pockets. It was thousands of dollars, more than enough to live comfortably for the rest of his life if he wanted.
Steve lifted him easily, setting him onto his feet, "Come on, you need to sleep." They got as far as the doorway before Tony was screaming.
From the sky, a long, bright bolt of lightning jolted to the dragon's back feet, causing it to stumble and jump. Another hit its head, and when the massive jaws opened in pain, the quinjet fired. As the dragon fell - dead - to the street, the man on his back jumped, riding the scaly neck to the ground.
They had finally reached an understanding.
"Thank you, Pepper. Really." He kissed her cheek. "And thanks for the chocolate."
Spreading his legs wider, Tony pushed the vibrator in, moaning low at the feeling. "God, yes!"
There was good humor on Steve's face, they did this song and dance often enough it was almost scripted. Steve would tease that Bruce wanted to steal Tony away with savory goodness, and Bruce would make fun of Steve's cooking.
"New pots and pans as well," Natasha said, standing to open the bottom cupboards to show him before closing them and flicking closed the ones Clint had left open. "Under the gluten counter are some of the old pots and dishes the rest of us will use."
"That makes two of us." Coulson's whole body shifts into something a little less professional. "I died in late 1144, by contracting hypothermia from saving three soldiers from a river surged with flood waters…"
. But even the strongest break at some point. Just promise me you'll be the voice of reason." Done, she released his hand and stood.
Tony flushed at the thought, but frowned. "No, no he's not."
Bruce answered, just as softly, "Maybe."
Once he felt relaxed, Tony gave an experimental rock of his hips, a gasp left silent on his lips at the pleasure. Steve groaned, dropping his head as the tightness of the muscles contracted around him.
Steve's concern, his love, and his own welfare hung in the balance, teetering on the edge of one of his branches, barely holding on. Steve had already suffered so much in his life, had already endured far too many hardships. It wasn't fair to him.
"Really? And here I was thinking it was the splatter!"
Eyes clamped shut, Steve concentrated on his voice, on the sensations of his hand, the warmth, the swirl of his shirt as Bruce’s palm moved in circles. His chest eased, but the ache was still there. He remembered Tony and his anxiety, how he picked at his cuticles when he was feeling particularly anxious. His own, too perfect from the serum, felt too smooth to find anything to grab at. But he needed
Clint's steady voice sounded from his position by the fridge. "Bruce is working on a way to make sure you forget all of this when you go back."
Not you! And
is not a friend of mine."
He also put this phone on
Bruce cooked that night. He put a recipe on the tablet and did his best to follow the instructions to a T. And while it didn't look as pretty as the picture, it tasted fabulous. Chicken quarters with gravy he made from the drippings, mixing it with flour and spices -- with broccoli and mashed potatoes on the side.
Tony slept late, and Steve refused to disturb him. He had slid out of bed and tip-toed to the kitchen, the fresh morning light dancing across his skin. After a quick breakfast, he plucked his sketchpad and pencils from his overnight bag and moved to the terrace, where he spent the next few hours attempting to replicate the horizon with number two lead.
His own fingers were pulsing against his prostate, and his right hand was flying up and down his cock, periodically flicking over the tip.
"What's that, J?" Tony said, softly peering Dum-E.
"Yours," Tony gasped, "all yours!"
was the one who encouraged him to trust the others enough so he could see how much we love him.
"You could say that."
Tony's arms shot out, flinging around Steve's shoulders as he hung on. "More," he begged, shifting forward and opening himself up impossibly wide.
He wanted to punch him.
Time does not constrain me, only I do. Take me to the one I seek and let time tell the tale itself.
Steve's head whipped over to see Howard, who was thankfully so engrossed in the television he hadn't even noticed Steve's entrance. "That's not funny, Nat."
Steve swatted at his bottom. "Go!" But he was laughing, his eyes crinkling up.
Clint was vibrating with barely concealed laughter. "Barton," Bruce warned as they stood up, "let it go." The noises Clint was making sounded like a car sputtering to a stop. Steve looked wholly unamused.
"Baby, please," Tony choked out, "please, I need to come!"
"For science!" Bruce repeated, giggling like a schoolgirl as he helped Tony place the homemade bomb in the center of the blackened ring.
"Oh god, someone find the off button!" Bruce laughed, watching as Tony stood to stick his bottom out, turning so his back faced the table.
couldn't hurt him anymore than you could hurt yourself. You're brass, and impulsive, and you definitely leap before you look." Howard chuckled at that. "But that's why I liked you in the first place. You're brilliant. Not as smart as Tony, sorry-"
"Shoot, Tony, that's Howard!"
Tony grinned wickedly, stalking past him and sliding the napkins to the center of the table, "Serves you right!"
"I've got a good eye."
Tony nodded, "I want..I mean...I've been reading about it for so long now, and I just..."
It took a few garbled and shaking starts, but Steve finally said, "Okay."
Tony was many things, he was brash, sassy, and bossy. Too smart for his own good, and too outspoken. He was nosey, he was stubborn. And he had the biggest heart and capacity for love any of them had ever seen. No matter how hard he tried to hide it.
With a shy smirk, Tony pulled him in for another kiss, his hands going to Steve's hair, his body pressing against him. More urgently this time, trying to display without words how much he wanted this. Steve's arms went to his waist, the laptop bumping against his hip as he pulled him closer, bending Tony back slightly to deepen the kiss.
Thor nodded, swiveling his chair to face Natasha, "We just want to make music and enjoy our fans. Leave the rat race to the younger groups. It's just not our scene anymore."
"No! So happy you're getting some, but you are not invited to share with the class!" Even if he couldn't see him, Tony
"YOU WILL BE!" He roared back, chest heaving with his fury.
"Holy smokes, that's really good!"
Tony's stomach growled again. "I feel so betrayed by my own body."
Moving to the sink to clean his face properly, Coulson continues with his original train of thought. "My charges are mine; they will not be yours. You are only here to learn and help. But I will introduce you to the ones that I'm currently in contact with.
Rhodey adjusted on the couch and rubbed soothing circles on his back. "I hate this." His voice was quiet and agitated, and Steve knew he wasn't just referring to the situation, but of Tony feeling so off that he was easily accepting blatant comfort in view of other people. Sure, it was Steve and Rhodey and they saw sides to Tony no one else did, but when it came down to it, the genius didn't like to have an audience. That he was so readily accepting of it, that he was so distraught to begin with…
They each grabbed their own carts and set off, Clint headed in the wrong direction, before turning and sheepishly wheeling the other way.
didn't feel like subduing the Hulk.
Steve leaned over and gently kissed his head. It had taken six months of dating Tony to break through his walls enough to understand why he hated his father, and another six to come to terms that the man he had known had vanished sometime before Tony was born and after Steve had gone. Reconciling between the two had taken another three months, but Steve had a pretty firm grasp on it at that point. He had been with Tony for nineteen months. He knew first hand the damage Howard had caused, but he also knew just how resilient Tony was. Howard had done good things in his life, nothing could take that away from him, but he also had caused a lot of harm. Steve was surprised at the hatred he felt now when he thought of his old friend. It only increased the love he felt for Tony, to have withstood the abuse and all the trauma he had endured in his life and still come out a good and kind person… Thinking about it made Steve fall in love with him over and over again.
Inside the room, Steve took the chair left for family and Tony sat on the exam table, the white sanitary paper crinkling underneath him.
Steve's mouth opened and shut spastically a few times before he was able to relay what he wanted to say. "I just don't want to see you get hurt."
"And he loves me." He lifted his chin, excluding pride, even if he was afraid. Howard realized with a jolt
This time it's Steve cupping his cheek and drawing him into a kiss. "Yes. You can have both."
He wakes in his bed hours later, confused.
Tony stood by the dresser, fiddling with the wire to the lamp placed on top. He was worried, that much was clear, but Howard couldn't imagine anything Tony could say would be all that bad. He may think differently in ten years (
Steve had started a fire, busying himself over the hearth to pull some warmth into the bedroom. As he closed the grate, Tony stirred, quietly shifting on the bed, and tugging the blankets up to his ears. He was cocooned on his side, his head pillowed on his left arm. The red glow of the flames peaked through the dark bedroom and played with his skin tone. Olive and ember. Fire and earth.
"And?" Thor said, standing to discard his empty snack into the garbage. "Is that not the great thing about being alive? We have the ability to correct our mistakes, to make better on our promises to those we care for." He turned to face Tony, putting his hands on either of his shoulders. "You are a good man. You always have been. Otherwise, why would you have instilled such loyalty from Miss Potts, from Colonel Rhodes? Even before your entrapment in Afghanistan, they loved you because they saw the kindhearted man you are, even if you tried to hide it."
"It's going to take work to get you back to that, but let's talk about why this happened in the first place."
"You. Just you." Swiftly, Tony rolled them over until he was straddling Steve's hips. "Let me take care of you, babe, okay?"
Conceding, Rhodey fixed his tea and beckoned Tony back to the couch. "Sit back down, we promise we won't do it again."
, I think."
I'd like to take a moment to once again thank my betas, Rachel and Lan, and my cheer readers, Wilmakins and Jarisalive, and all of you who supported this and read it!
She plopped hard enough on the cushions to upset Howard's comfortable position. "Not really."
They were still grinning as they entered the park, no direction in mind, just headed north and enjoying each other's company. When they fell into silence, it was a comfortable one, walking side by side and taking in the beauty around them. Steve took out his phone and snapped a few pictures, awed still by the ability to do that.
Sometimes, he yearned for Bucky so badly that it physically hurt.
Joseph scoffs, "Really, Michael? All these years, where am I on that list?"
"Pick up the phone, Tony!"
Putting the dildo down, he picked his phone back up. There'd be time for that later. For now, he had a story to read.
"Good morning, Howard."
"And?"
Steve snorted. "And you call me lame!"
Nodding, Tony continued. "C...O...C...K, hey, that spells -- never mind."
"Oh, sorry," she said, showing him her phone, "you weren't ready." In it, the boy was looking at him, wonder splashed across his face, and Bruce was laughing.
"Blasphemy," Tony mutters but lets it slide after that because, honestly, there was no talking to someone who liked parsnips more than carrots, and he makes a sweeping gesture with his arms to the elevator. "Age before beauty!" There's a flash of something in Steve's eyes, so quick that Tony doesn't have the time to recognize it before it's gone and replaced with one of those shy smiles that Tony has grown to love so much.
"That's it, baby, oh god, you're so beautiful like this. So perfect." Steve's hips stuttered, and he let go of Tony's hand and length to hold him down as he came, filling him completely.
Grumbling, Tony let Steve pull him off the bed into a standing position, leaning on Steve with a rather cranky expression on his face. "That's kinda what I do."
"Ma?"
"I know you did something awful." She coughed, her body convulsing, the fluid sounding sickly in her lungs.
"We weren't really eating right. Pizza, Chinese, heroes, he kept throwing up. He's lost a lot of weight."
"So, what? You're here just to yell at us?"
One of the things Tony appreciated the most about the god was his remarkable ability to not beat around the bush (which was another saying Thor had picked up on.). He didn't sugar coat; he didn't try to save anyone's feelings. He was honest, and it was to Tony the greatest kindness.
"You knew he was going to be a superhero?"
. His voice clear and crisp on their records, lifting the harmonies like a swift breeze in the middle of a hot summer day. He had no record to speak of, just a string of bad relationships and a temper that took a lot to goad but was rumored to be fierce. Divorced with one child, a son named Nikola, he had an amicable relationship with his ex-wife. He also had a penchant for misanthropic escapes and fast food. He'd have to tell her the secret to how he stayed thin.
She had been able to weasel a bit more information out of Howard before he tipped over from buzzed into sloppy and had sent it all through the Tower's secure email server to Steve and Bruce (with a CC to Barton who, despite technically being there to hear first hand, was unlikely to remember).
Tony perked right up at that, "Pancakes?
"And it better be the best blow job you've ever given!"
Money could buy a lot of things, but he couldn't see how it could fix this.
"-You're going to find out anyway." Turning, so he was leaning against the dresser, Tony crossed his arms defensively. "It doesn't matter if it makes me- It just doesn't matter. I need to tell you."
"You don't mind?" Steve asked, pulling back and resting his forehead against Tony's.
"I love you."
"Not great, I need to prepare you. It's not good news."
The very unfamiliar bedroom.
Everything else blurred into the background like white noise. Rhodey, his memories of Bucky, Howard…
The ding of the bell over his head was only partially covered by the rustling of the plastic holdings for the bouquets. He stepped inside the dim light of the store and picked up a basket. Eggs, bacon… he was pretty sure he was out of vanilla extract and he needed that for the pancakes. Turning a corner at the end of an aisle, he blindly grabbed a box of tea from an endcap, even he enjoyed a little surprise once in a while. As he turned into the refrigerated section, his sight landed on a boy of about six or seven, staring at him with wide eyes.
"Oh?" That was Clint. Steve glared at him.
"And you're a super genius! So what's your point?" He stepped back, taking Tony's hands, and smiling. "You're so much smarter than I could ever hope to be. Do you think I'm too dumb to be with you?"
"Just like that."
From his position on his knees in front of Tony, he could look up into the impossibly large and frightened eyes of his son. A small twist to the right showed him Steve, his own blue eyes spilling tears down his cheeks.
"He's right here, you know," came the grumbled response from Steve's lap.
Tilting his head, Steve gestured to the chart. "Go on."
Clint's hand was snaking forward, aiming for a piece of sausage left all alone on Natasha's plate.
replied: Obvious about what?
"You suck at comforting."
It was Clint's turn to snort. "Like the aftermath of an F5." Nat turned to him and frowned judgingly. "What?" he defended, "I'm from Iowa!"
But she didn't kill him, so that was a win. "He's another occupant of the tower. You probably won't meet him anytime soon."
Unfortunately, he was always annoyingly responsible. So, he just kissed Tony's head, grabbed his slippers from the floor at the foot of the bed, and left with a quiet, "Sleep, Tony," thrown over his shoulder as the door shut behind him.
"Stop calling him that!" Tony yelled, throwing the washcloth hard to the floor. "I was not abused! I'm not- I wasn't an abused child! He was an ass, that's it!"
Tony was his everything. Steve's entire world revolved around him, the
Howard felt sick.
Howard sat at the bar, idly swirling a scotch and soda and watching with unveiled fascination as the armor assembled around Rhodey. Tony studiously ignored him.
"You better. Love you, Tones."
"But that doesn't matter to me!"
"I don't hate
Instead of doing so, he just tugged the fitted sheet off and laid down a fresh top sheet that had been folded on a chair. On top, he placed the towels. When he went back into the bathroom, it was to clumsily wrap a towel around Tony's waist and lift him, again, into his arms. On the bed, he placed Tony on the towels and dried him.
Steve swallowed. "Can I kiss you?"
Roses and daffodils. Maybe a sunflower. He fingered the petals on the bright flower, nodding to himself and gathering the bouquets. Yes. He'd buy the sunflowers for the common areas. Everyone could do with a little cheering up.
Tony's face split into a grin and Rhodey was about to count it as a win when the smile slid off his face and he turned away. "I showered and I ate. Isn't that enough?" He pulled on the rest of his clothes and fiddled with the zipper to the hoodie.
"Don't tell Steve!"
He knew he was smart - he never stopped reminding them! And he knew he was gorgeous - Clint was deaf, not blind. But he honest to God didn't see his own measure as a friend or a person, as a man without genius or a snazzy wardrobe. He thought he had to be
Tony whined, again, and Steve swore he'd stamp his feet if he wasn't already sitting down. "You're not even going to call me to tell me goodnight?"
Bruce tilted his head. "Tony's the one with the heart condition."
"Thank you, JARVIS."
I apologize for how long this took to get up. On June 23rd, I went back to work and I haven't had much spare time to write. Please accept my humblest apologies!
"I thought the salad tossing was supposed to be left to you two!" Bending over slightly, Howard shook his hands through his hair like a wild dog, sending bits of carrots and celery everywhere.
Another sickeningly sweet smile had Clint pulling out his own wallet to pay.
Confused, Howard moved to stand, unfolding his legs and pushing off the bed. "That sounds like a good thing. But I'm pretty sure that's changed several times since you were sixteen."
She wheeled on Steve, "the truth, Rogers!"
Sometimes, the fans really had the worst timing. It wasn't their fault, so he never begrudged them any of it. He tried as best he could to sign as many of the papers shoved in front of him and to lean into as many selfies as possible before a petite girl with blonde pigtails and a studded choker pushed through the crowd. "Are you here for coffee, Mister Stark?" she called out over the din.
She nodded, watching as he pulled the hoodie off, and gasped, unable to hold back her surprise. "Tony!" His ribs were sticking out.
Steve kissed Tony's head. "Oh, trust me. I will."
Howard chuckled but clapped Steve on the back.
Steve had been open about his relationship with a younger Howard: an intelligent, eccentric man who risked his life to save others. That it was also an adventure wasn't lost on either of them.
Steve loved that. He loved that he could just kiss Tony senseless, no sex needed, and lose time. To the point where Tony was panting and moaning, a puddle of aroused mush underneath Steve. It was invigorating that
He didn't think too closely at that. Didn't feel himself being split as the future took shape and Steve Rogers took the returned pin into his hands and completed the connection. One part of him would loop, back and forth, and the other would vary the shape of his life in the form of a spell.
right now?"
And Steve understood. Curiosity had led Howard from the safety of the tower and into the battle, but his love as a father - even a brand new one who didn't even know he was going to have a son prior to this - was what propelled him into the thick of it to save Tony. His own well-being be damned. There were complications there as well, such as if Howard had been killed his actions would have been for naught anyway, but Steve finally understood.
"So what happened had already happened?" Tony sat forward, steepling his fingers. "The Howard I knew was already the split Howard, even though this one didn't come to us yet?"
Taking a deep breath, Clint opened the doors, "You could say that."
"JARVIS," he spoke, setting the kettle on the stove, "where is Howard?"
"You put too much milk in it."
"Always prepared, huh? Custom charts, lube in the drawer, perfectly timed dinner reservations…" tilting his head, Tony placed a soft kiss right under Steve's jawline. "Eye doctor and a boy scout, how lucky am I?"
As the years passed them by, Tony grew, not as much in height, but he filled out. He went from a baby faced young man into an adult that turned every head as he walked by, but he still had those wide, brown eyes. Rhodey looked into them often and still saw the small little teenager who just needed a friend.
Steve was absolutely awestruck by him. Completely infatuated with how one man could be so beautiful. He kept thrusting, moaning as his balls drew in tight, and Tony tightened his muscles around him, holding him and whispering love into his ears as Steve moved.
Howard. Tony didn't know how far down, but he knew it was there. The pride, the love, and the kindness Howard had shown thus far could be erased with only a few words. It could hurt more than he ever thought it would. He had envisioned this moment countless times over the years, and it never ended happily. Sometimes it was Howard screaming, and sometimes it was Tony, finally getting the last word in.
"I don't need to hear that, man." Dropping his head into his hands, Rhodey laughed. "Price I pay for being your friend," he smacked Tony's shoulder, "I know way too much about your sex life."
Smiling softly, Yinsen hugs him again. "I wish only to be with my family, Tony. But you? You have so much more to give this world."
Steve scoffs, "Obviously."
Large, wide brown eyes that had the girls adoring him like he was their baby brother and the guys pushing and shoving him around in jealousy of his brain and of how he looked.
"Of course, sir."
Tony shifted, hiding his face in Steve's shoulder, just for a moment, before he took a deep breath and returned to his previous position. But that meant he still wasn't facing Steve. It was his vulnerability acting, and Steve knew Tony enough to know it for what it was. It wasn't because Tony didn't trust him, not at all. It was simply a byproduct of being raised first by an abusive father and then betrayed by his godfather. It was a habit. A way to protect himself, to shield his eyes that spoke every word Tony held within himself. Steve was working on helping Tony fix that, to remove the proverbial sunglasses from his face.
"I know you, sir. You needed to figure it out on your own."
"And?" Steve prodded, pulling out enough to press two fingers in.
He could talk with Howard, or he could not.
"God yes."
For the most part, Howard Stark spent his forty-four years with no regrets; there was no use in it. He walked through life to his own rules, never apologizing for things out of his control, and never regretting his mistakes. He took them as a lesson and moved on.
"Fuck." Tony had no choice. He'd have to make a run for it. It would have been a triumph of agility, lunging over the couch again like he did, except Steve made a grab for him and he, well. Tony zigged when he should have zagged, as the saying went. And he tumbled over, coming to rest at Howard's feet.
"Drink your cocoa, dumb-ass." Clint said, pointedly taking a sip of his own.
Clint groaned and looked down at his tired dick, it gave a jerk. "Fuck, I gotta build up stamina to do this."
"To make it right?" He moved further into the room, his feet sliding cautiously against the linoleum. "How can I make something right that I haven't done yet? Unless you mean when I go back?"
"Go get your man."
Tony hummed in approval, "I'll take it."  He tilted his head up, stealing a kiss and smiling coyly, "Or, you can put your dick inside me and say you're sorry that way."
"Lies and slander." Turning quick, he took advantage of Rhodey's distraction and swept his legs up, depositing them in his best friend's lap and leaning heavily against Steve. Rhodey side-glanced him but made no move to shove him off.
Tony gave him a sad smile, "I know. I love you too. Just...be careful, okay? Don't break your promise."
He didn't have to say it twice. Steve removed his fingers and used the Vaseline again to lube up his dick. Bracing himself with one hand on the lounger by Tony's head, and using the other to line his cock up, he leaned down, and kissed Tony breathless. "Ya ready, sweetheart?"
Tony watched him go, his face drawn and pensive. "I think there'll be complications no matter what we choose."
"-you're you, my job is easy."
He nodded and rushed as well as he could with a drum section practicing in his temples, slamming the door behind him. And no, he wasn't ashamed when he sat. He could barely hold himself up and pissing all over himself wasn't anything that was on his current to-do list. Ever.
Natasha took the packet of papers from Avery. "Anything else?"
He looked a bit like a deer in headlights. Howard forced a smile, "Can I think on that?"
For the first time since he was young, he was left feeling guilty. And it was for something he hadn't even done yet.
He was expecting a monster, some alien lifeform sent to wreak havoc on the city. He was not expecting Howard Stark, looking a bit older than he remembered but still kneeling on the floor of the living room like he had been there all along.
The app I used cut the header off, and yes that's a pic of Robert and CEvans I MEAN TONY AND STEVE that they used for the chat photo.
because
It was Steve's turn to feign disgust, "I'm in love with a perpetually horny teenager."
He wasn't.
"I know the basics, sorry, but I appreciate you telling me. I have learned some things." The mirth in his voice set Bruce at ease that he didn't offend him. "My question is why?"
so he could feel like he was worth something other than good looks, a genius mind, and a hefty bank account.
With that being said, he was not expecting to walk into the common living room to witness an irate Black Widow swinging a large knife and screaming in Russian at a man that resembled Stark.
Steve's body relaxed marginally. He wiped a hand down his face. "I was frozen. I was found. I was thawed out. Now you need to go home."
"Doesn't mean I can't play." The bottle was popped open and Steve coated his fingers. "Do you open yourself? Do you use your fingers first?" He pushed two in.
Clint opened the fridge, but instead of grabbing the butter, he leaned back to whisper to Howard in a horrible Russian accent, "We must not insult Mother Russia."
Normal was something none of them could ever have.
"I am!"
"Where the fuck did you come from?" He asked, spinning around to look for her entrance.
. Precisely. My science bro gets it."
Natasha raised an eyebrow. "Hate to see him leave, but love to watch him go." She turned to Steve. "Wouldn't you agree?"
"Come on, Cap, or all the good snow will be gone!" Feeling bold, Tony steps up beside Steve and links arms with him. "Let's see what an artist and an engineer can create!"
"Where's the fun in that?" Said Natasha, dipping some toast into the leftover hollandaise sauce on her plate. "And what about you?"
"I wasn't thinking of damage! I was thinking of you!"
But seriously, what was this? Was Steve taking him to bed? Was his dream coming true?
"Get them back! All of you!" he screamed over the noise, gesturing to the cops and civilians. "Go!"
"Okay," Clint took a deep breath, "this is going to sound a bit, uh, crazy."
Steve smiled, his happiness bursting through. He pulled a small, black box from his pocket and opened it, showing Howard. A simple, gold ring with little diamonds embedded around the band sat inside. Howard's eyes went wide, his hands freezing as they cleaned the table.
Steve exclaimed,
." Burying his face in Steve's chest, Tony groaned. "When does that go away?"
"For that, I'm telling Steve to not let you be a bridesmaid!"
"Just a tiny hint?"
"My, but what a wealth of knowledge you are tonight." Tony joked.
With a smile, Bruce started down the hallway, "They'll be all right. Good luck in there, anyway."
He was sad. He was lonely without Tony. He was mourning the Howard he
Coulson's eyebrows raise up. "Not the same. I'm 864. I died during the twelfth century."
"Dude, I died once, and that was the worst pain I've ever been in, not to mention my fantastic entry into the world of open-heart surgery without anesthesia."
"If you would just-" Natasha was cut off by a glare.
"First of all-" Steve quipped, kneeling on the floor in between Tony's legs, "-you and I both know you can't see anything through those glasses. We are definitely getting you contacts. No more hiding those beautiful eyes behind coke bottle lenses." He pushed Tony's glasses back up. "Secondly-" he flicked the top of the lube open, drizzling some onto the fingers of his right hand, "-I've been planning this for longer than I want to admit. And this isn't a one time thing for me." Leaning forward, he kissed the inside of Tony's thigh, his fingers, covered in lube, pressing against Tony's hole. "I'm going to come inside you, and you're going to beg for release. Then I'm taking the rest of the day off and taking you to dinner. How does that sound?"
"Thank you!" Rahib smiled, tucking the money away. "You are Feathers, aren't you?"
I'll go all by my lonesome. Just little ol' me. Naked and soapy and
"Sir," he started, but on the screen his question was answered as Howard freaking Stark tackled the bad guy.
It was Tony looking up at him, sheer unabashed love and adoration in his eyes that finally sent Steve tumbling over, his cock pulsing ropes of come inside Tony, filling and coating him, painting him. Making the movements quicker and more uncontrolled. Steve's body jerked, sending a few beads of sweat flinging off his face and landing on Tony's collar bone, mingling with his own and causing Tony to jolt at the cold sensation.
His fight with Steve didn't help. Not that Tony was good at talking things out, but the two of them had barely made up. Instead, they had knowingly pushed it aside for the bigger concern: Tony telling Howard.
"Good." Bruce nodded in approval. "That's real good."
Tony screamed, his back arching as Steve began sucking at his hole, the feeling too much coupled with the attention his cock was finally getting. His eyes rolled back as he came, hands slamming to the floor, and his dick erupting like a volcano, come spewing up and hitting his face, his chest, his chin. "Fuck me!" He yelled, his voice hoarse from the intensity of his screams. Steve was relentless, refusing to stop, letting the overstimulation send bolts through Tony. He was shaking so hard by the time Steve pulled away with come dripping down his chin that his spent cock swayed. He let Tony's knees down softly, and pulled him up to kiss him, pushing his tongue to slide into his mouth to suck on Tony's.
"I know, but it's Tony. We'll figure it out."
Steve shut him up with a kiss. "I'm sorry for punching your… I'm sorry for punching Howard."
By the time they returned to the tower, it was after midnight and Tony had fallen asleep in his seat. Bruce poked him. Clint shook him. Neither worked. He was out like a kid after a birthday party, and they couldn't blame him.
"Not at all. I just-" Howard sighed, looking more vulnerable than Steve had ever seen him. "I missed my friend."
but, Bridgette had said to ignore the signs. Under his feet, the shiny linoleum echoes his footsteps back to him, and he takes a left at the end of the hall. He encounters no one, and for a few panicky moments, he fears they’ve had one over on him, that he's actually in
"You ready for this?" Natasha asked.
his fault.
"Yeah," Steve's hands ran up Tony's back, tugging him closer as Tony dipped his head and took one of the hard little buds into his mouth, his teeth lightly grazing it. Moaning, Steve's fingers gripped Tony's hair, pulling softly.
"What is it, Tony? Talk to me." He moved to step closer, but thought better of it, giving Tony a little bit of space, just for the moment.
"Tony!" Pepper answered after three rings, "just a sec," he heard the rustling of papers and a door closing. "Did you get the results?"
"I'm too old for this," Tony groaned, wiping a tear from his laughing fit.
That got Howard laughing again. "I've got some stories for you about your super soldier boyfriend." He motioned to Dum-E after he threw the ball. "Does he do any other tricks?"
"Oh! Right, thanks. Won't be long, it's been a long day, huh?"
When she calmed, she dabbed her eyes and grinned, "I don't know how you assholes did it, but I love each of you as I would my own stupid brothers. I should hate you for that."
"Yeah, yeah," Tony waved his hand again, taking a sip of water with his other, "fine, go ahead."
"This way, Tony. Time to meet Fury and secure yourself a position here." Not waiting for him, Coulson takes off out of the conference room and down the hallways toward the director's office. Tony can't help himself; he glances back at Natasha, who's standing by the elevators. She raises her eyebrows at him, and he zips back around.
his boyfriend."
Just to spite him, Howard took a long gulp of the coffee black. "I'm good."
OH SNAP
Things are resolved and unresolved.
Tilting his head, Thor addressed his next question to Barton. "Where are Rogers and Stark?"
"It's why I will stand up to be an advocate. Why I
"I'll gather up the stuff you have in my suite and get it to you no later than tonight." His heart breaking, Tony was unable to hold back the tears that slipped down his face.
It was almost two weeks before the next story came out. Tony was sure it was done because Natasha wanted him off the scent.
and it was adorable. Their families loved the match. It was a power play, designed to up both family's stances, but it was also a match that
"Tony," Bruce's voice is cracking, "Tony, your flight went down. No one survived. Jesus, we thought- we thought you were dead!" Steve steps back to let Bruce in, and the scientist throws his arms around him. He can hear Nat on the phone.
"No promises, Director."
"I should be offended that everyone thinks food will mollify me."
"Thank you, Lorelei Gilmore."
"That's the problem, isn't it?" He grabbed two of the glasses, each filled with straight vodka, it was about to be one of
something to make him feel. To ground him.
Happy opened the back door and grinned, "Slightly to the left."
"Tony, please, stop. Look at me. Did you have breakfast? Do you want coffee? Let's get some coffee." He turned, just slightly to the door, an open invitation to leave the lab. Step one.
"It's not--" Clasping his hands in front of him, Howard looked down. "It's not like that."
Or he could hate it.
"You are both hurting deeply right now," Thor added. "He made a rash decision. It can still be fixed."
!" He heard one of his underlines yell out, but Tony wasn't bothered. A drunk was of no concern to him. He sat up and dabbed at the white fabric.
"Well, that's just great." He stood, lifting out of the chair with an ease he didn't feel. "JARVIS, I don't suppose you didn't already warn Tony I was coming, did you?"
"You've been back for a while now," Bruce patted his arm and stood. "That's what matters."
"Thor said you were upset."
broken up with Steve-"
I'm always so happy to meet one!"
Tony couldn't pinpoint exactly when it was he began to just feel sick. Constantly. It probably started months ago, but by the time March came around, the days he felt ill and the days he didn't blurred together in a new uncomfortable normal that he was becoming less and less able to compartmentalize.
Since this was all supposed to be in one chapter, I take no responsibility for the semi-cliff hanger. It just worked for how I was breaking the chapter up into three separate ones. LMFAO I'm sorry!
has to! There no shame in admitting-"
he began to recite, drawing a smile from Steve. He hadn’t meant to say it aloud but was pleased to hear Tony recite his favorite poem by heart.
"That's the second time you've downed yourself, Barton. Care to tell Mommy what's wrong?"
And like he was slipping on wet steps, he fell right into love with him.
Looking satisfied, Rhodey took another bite of his cookie. He swallowed and chased it with a gulp from the mason jar. "You admitted it." He bumped his shoulder with Tony's. "That's what you needed."
Drawing in a shaking breath, Steve's eyes flickered down to his thumbs again. They were still perfect. Still unscarred. He had used them countless times to pull Tony's fingers away from his own flesh, to still that incessant picking. Sometimes using gentle ministrations to clean and bandage the tips of Tony's thumbs, kissing away the pain and soothing the sting.
Here, she was already dead.
"Bye, Creep!" In one fluid movement, he had pushed Tony behind him, taking over the space the smaller man had occupied, and bodily lifted the jerk off his feet and threw him out the door. He landed on the platform with a thud and a grunt. Steve leaned out, his hands resting on the subway car's sliding doors, "It's called consent, dick-bag. You may want to look that up in the dictionary. Also, if you hadn't noticed, he," Steve pointed angrily behind him at Tony who stood shock still, "is way too good for you. Stay in your lane, asshole." And the doors closed.
She blinked. "Is that...It's that even a word?"
It was a few minutes of work, but his fingers were sliding in and out of himself with ease and he picked up the dildo, lubing it and pressing it against his hole.
"We can't save them all, Cap, no matter how hard we try."
"A possibility, but we have no way to contact him. We have to wait until he gets back on earth." Steve shifted, the weight of the problem at hand making him uncomfortable. "Nat said that Howard stole some book of spells. But he doesn't know how to get back, which tells me that the book might be useless if we even find it."
Over-stimulation, he told Natasha, fully expecting the next story to encompass that. The whole team knew of Steve seeing Tony orgasm at this point (Oh, she so did that on purpose, the brat! If the whole team knew, he couldn't prove anything!), so a story about joining him wouldn't prove a thing. But forcing him to come a second time without a break? Natasha
"-Fuck off, Rogers!"
But so early in the morning, with the city muffled and the sky a vibrant burst of pastel, the feeling the snow generates is more sleepy, and from inside the tower—where it's warm—it's almost cozy.
Steve sighed, putting a comforting hand on Tony's leg. "Who cares what they think? You'll be better soon enough, and then what will they say?" It hurt to hear Tony say that. He loved attention, lived for it even. Attention gave weight to his causes, made people sit up and listen about new technology, and it made a secretly insecure man feel good about himself. Usually. This was different. This was blatant lies.
kotenok."
"Morning, sunshine," she sang as soon he opened his eyes.
"Yeah, I could eat."
The reporters and paparazzi were swarming, but with Natasha on one side and Thor on the other, Tony made it into the tower without too much trouble.
I'm so thankful! My cup is overflowing!!
He really loved them.
"Can you take the corn back to the table and keep Tony from getting his grubby hands on them before the meat's done?"
They arrived just in time for the reservations, and made their way past faux cultured hipsters, more knowledgeable tourists who knew to eat off the beaten path, and locals raised on Gino's food. Natasha had requested a booth in the far corner, letting the hostess know in advance that a celebrity was coming to eat and wanted some peace. She was talking about Tony, because (it seemed) she tended to forget her face was almost just as well recognized these days.
Michael looks sad. "I know. You never got the love you deserved from your father. I'm sorry for that."
At the moment, he only cared about clearing his vision enough to properly assess the situation. And keep Tony safe.
The delicate blue and pink flowers that edged around the cups and the rest of the set looked ridiculous when you only saw them set against the modern steel and contemporary kitchen, but like Tony, if you took a step back and appreciated it as a whole, the small wonder of classic beauty was breathtaking. Something soft mingled with the harder futuristic world. Steve adored them.
The unfairness of it hit Tony like a car splashing through the puddle at the corner across the street. Fast and hard, the water jetting up like a wave against a rock. He felt the realization tumble down his back, soaking him with the very thing he was vehemently against ever saying about himself.
He gave Tony what he needed in terms of monetary things. Food, clothing, expensive toys, a nice house to live in, and the best schools. On paper, he was a saint. In practice, he was a bastard.
Nope!
His comrade was full of love and giving, determined to better the world. Damaged, yet still kind. Broken and weary at points, but always ready to fight for the world. He was resilient. Strong. Stubborn in his love of technology and hellbent on advancing modern society and creating an easier way of living for everyone in the world.
"No, thanks. Do whatever it is you gotta do, like, I don't know,
"What can I do for you, Captain Rogers?"
"You are the devil," he shot at her, making a beeline for the coffee maker. He fumbled in the cabinet, pulling out a shockingly purple mug. "Coffee?" He asked Howard, turning slightly to see him.
Quirking an eyebrow, Pepper took a sip, finally seating herself in the stool next to the one Howard had been on. "You absolutely should be. Tony is my best friend, Mister Stark. I've seen what your brand of parenting did to him."
were. At least that was what he thought. This little black rectangle had to hold the answers.
He tries to pull away, but Steve's eyes have him trapped.
A mischievous grin spreads across Clint's face. "Need me for that though, huh?"
Tony made a face, grumbling into Steve's back, "I hate that thing. That's what we have J for," he whined.
"Was it?" Tony did innocent almost too well. He reached up, on his tip toes, trying to pull the coffee out from the top shelf.
In his sleep, Tony reaches. His hands trail along the cushions, dipping under the comforter, searching. There's panic. A flash of a cave, the last time he was without.
"Tony, that’s not-" Steve felt his resolve slip away like water down a drain. He had come to apologize, but that wasn't what Tony needed at that moment. He needed someone to redirect him, to move his mind away from the anxiety and back onto solid ground. Once Tony was mentally stable - or at least not as shaky - then, and only then, could Steve breach the subject of his indiscretions that morning. But for the moment, Tony needed his boyfriend, not his captain, and not his protector.
frown upon that," Steve muttered, backing up and exciting the kitchen. "I'm going to shower," he spoke louder as he crossed the apartment, "and then I have some files I need to go over for Fury. Let me know when it's done, and I'll get Tony up here."
That left both Thor and Barton.
Pulling out quickly, Steve shoved three fingers into him just as fast, rocking them against his prostate. "Then that's how you're going to come, Mr. Stark. On my dick."
"Are you sure?"
"Do you want to order in from the diner?" Lifting Tony's legs, Steve sits and places them in his lap. He doesn't miss the confused looks Tony is sending him.
He sounded much more awake than he should, and Tony inwardly groaned, "You're going for a run, aren't you?"
"Thor tries. He just usually gets it wrong. E for effort, and all that." Taking a long drink from his glass, he appraised it. "Needs more Tabasco." She handed him the bottle on the table. "Thanks. But I think the one in denial is Steve. He knows Tony is bisexual, and he knows Tony is getting off on these stories. What's keeping him from throwing him down and fucking him until the cows come home?"
"I do
Sorry this took a bit to get up! I got a little sidetracked with TSB.
Tony didn't even bother looking up from his phone, "How are you
"Tashy, I appreciate what you're trying to accomplish. I do! But Steven Rogers could never love a guy like me. He's all virtuous and honorable. And I'm..."
"Wrong answer. Do only what he wants," she snapped. "All of you need to remember that he's an adult. This entire situation is out of his control and if he doesn't get back some semblance of that, he's going to lose it. Understood?"
"So they say."
since the wormhole.
"I'm sorry." Steve tried, stepping closer to Tony and trying to draw him into his arms. Tony scoffed and pushed away.
"No!" He can hear the despair in her voice. It's unfamiliar, disquieting.
"You're gonna be trouble, aren't you?" Joseph chuckles, trading a look with Michael.
"Pants...what?" Looking down, Tony was still wearing Steve's (uhh, his own) hoodie and just his briefs from the day before. How did that... "Natasha. Uhm. I don't know how to ask this but..."
"Go," Steve nudged him, "Pepper will kick your butt if you make her wait."
"Hey, now stop that. I'm awesome. I'm a hot genius. You think I don't know that?"
"Tony…"
written all over her face. "Your battle? With the dragon? All over the news, Barton, come on."
"What are you going to do?"
A little voice within him spoke up, "You
"You can't always protect me." He started to pull away, to escape from Steve's arms - his safety. But Steve just tugged him back easily, tucking him close to his chest.
"Tell me something I don't know," Tony said, giving Steve one if his sassiest looks. As usual, Steve was completely unmoved; Tony's patented looks never really had any effect on him.
Looking away and sliding his jaw back and forth, Steve nodded, conceding. "Okay. Do you want me to go with you?"
He trusted him implicitly.
Tony threw his fist in the air. "They may take our Drain-o, but they will never take our science!"
She deflated. "I know. And I trust you all enough to understand that you would never hurt him on purpose." She took his hand, a sense of urgency in her grasp. "Agent Barton, he's been through so much already. And he's always come out of it, but that can't happen every time. I
"It's a carrier of genetic information," he explained.
was written as clearly as day on his face. She, as per the norm, ignored him.
"You just weren't ready yet."
"Hey, Pep!" Tony greeted, an obvious swag in his walk. He leaned down to kiss her cheek in hello.
Looking up, Tony furiously wipes the tears from his face, watching as Coulson comes into view from a blurry shape into an actual being. "Don't—" he starts, but Coulson sits on the edge of the bed, gently shushing him.
"Sir, sappy does not mean it is not true."
In the corner cabinet, Steve pulls out Tony's favorite mug. For a moment, he contemplates filling it with coffee, like it usually is, but he shakes his head and turns back to the living room and toward the bar. Scotch. That's the only thing he wants. He can't get drunk, can't even get tipsy, but he can let the warmth of the drink hit the back of his throat and burn his tongue.
"What about all the scientific journals he's subscribed to? The texts? He has a million."
He took her hand, using his other to wipe the drop of blood from the corner of her mouth. "You don't gotta worry no more, Ma. We're going to Arizona."
Tony gasped,
"1961."
“Tony,” Steve's voice was a mere whisper. “Talk to me.”
started to guide Bruce back to the hallway. Bruce knew Steve usually didn't like to react with violence unless he absolutely
Tossing them back into the drawer, Steve got up on his knees. "But for now," he gently pushed Tony onto his back and pulled his knees apart. Tony's hips moved, ever so slightly, at the want of friction. "You're okay with this?"
Coulson looks grateful. "A scientist by the name of Bruce Banner, you may have heard—"
"Who is he?" Howard asked, taking the glass and choking down a large gulp; he was going to need it.
They ate lunch in a little cafe around the corner, munching on club sandwiches, BLTs, and in house pickles and chips. Tony tried to push the exhibit from his mind, to force himself to be content with how things were. He was friends with Steve. He needed to be happy he had that.
Sliding to the edge of the bed, Steve stood up. "Don't deflect with humor, Tony." He held his hand out, and when Tony made a face at him, he took it upon himself to slip his fingers through Tony's and tug him toward the end of the mattress.
"Holy fuck, Rogers. What was that?"
Tony was starting to move, the armor dented and wrecked by the force of the tail. Unable to stand with the armor so compromised, Tony's hand slammed against the emergency release latch and the suit cascaded open. He didn't see the man, that much was obvious, the large carcass hiding him.
And no amount of banging and screaming and throwing fits would change that. He had no choice but to learn how to fit the pieces together.
Turning to face Natasha, he gasped a startled laugh. She looked gleeful.
why I'm asking you to become a guardian angel."
"Smart answer."
"Jesus Christ, relax." He responded, exasperated. "I'm okay. I promise. I just need to talk with Steve." At Clint's knowing look, he continued. "I got issues. My issues have issues. I know dating Steve won't fix them, but it's a start, okay? Don't worry your pretty little head."
"Exactly what kind of snowman are you thinking of building?"
"Jesus, Rhodey, I didn't- I mean, I wouldn't call it
Her head snapped up, "What?" Exactly
Maybe he shouldn't have toyed with it. Maybe he should have just walked away when he learned the conditions of the spell. That the time he was looking to go to depended on when the person next touched the enchanted object, or that there was no guaranteed way back home.
"That's because it is."
. The way Tony's eyes had fallen to his glass of whiskey (and what right did he have boozing it up at nine in the morning
"Oh yeah? What's that?"
"Today's date is March 21st," Steve answered instead, "2014."
"How do you say, ah yes. Eating ass." Bruce said, "Steve Rogers, your super secret crush, eating your ass."
But when he opened his eyes—a sappy grin on his face—he saw Natasha, sitting on the floor and assembling a puzzle. So much for being alone.
"Sounds good," Clint said, "what about summer shows? Will we be able to squeeze any of those in?"
Clint looked away, out the back windows and across the horizon. Maybe he saw her safe house as well. They were too alike sometimes. "It's not good, if that's what you're asking."
"You know," Clint started seriously—and Tony took notice of that, "You are good enough for Steve."
There was not enough vodka in the States to deal with this. Russia,
"No, I just like correcting you." She paused, looking away from Tony to give Steve a placating look. "He's read all of those, some a few times, I'm guessing. The journals? Probably things he's already figured out."
," he said, standing and sliding onto the bed next to Steve. "It really
could be heard, and Tony recognized the sound as one of Dum-E's tennis balls. Beyond the glass, Howard stood in the middle of the shop tossing the ball for Dum-E to fetch and bring back. The robot excitedly wheeling after it -- again and again -- retrieving it in his usual hazardous way. He had already knocked over one of Tony's tool kits, but Tony was nonplussed. Dum-E knocked that particular one over at least once a week, and he was honestly so used to cleaning it up, he could do it in his sleep.
"And?" Clint asked, handing Natasha the butter and glaring at Howard.
Tony's grin was devilish, "But, Natashalie, you saw me in the throes of passion, there's no barriers between us anymore!"
"Don't keep them in for too long, got it. Anything else?"
touch starved for
"Don't," Tony said, pulling the blankets higher to shield himself. "I don't want food. I don't want anything but to sleep."
But he worried, as he so often did, that one day Steve would have enough and leave him. Where was that line? Where did Steve decide that he couldn't do it anymore, that he wanted stability, someone who wasn't ill, someone who wasn't half out of his mind from depression. And that jolted Tony, to admit it. But the mystery of his health had sent him down a dark hole.
She looked truly apologetic, "I can't tell you that, Howard. That's up to him."
"Barton called me. Is Tony all right?"
It was wonderful to not have every move scrutinized by the public.
Mothers. It had to be about mothers. He thought of his own, long dead, forced into prostitution when he was born and killed by her own john. What he wouldn't give to have been able to save her. His good-for-nothing father still somewhere out there, living his life like Maria Randazzo never existed. It made him sick with anger.
Tony jolted when his phone started to ring in his hand, already consumed by the story. "Ah, fuck." It was Natasha, not that it was a bad thing, but he had to answer, just in case.
"What the fuck, Anthony?" But Howard was laughing as he took the ball from the robot again.
A few friends mentioned wanting Tony to hook up with Clint in the interim. As tantalizing as that may be, it probably won't happen unless like every comment I get here on out demands it. Instead, I'll work on a one-shot dealing with them as rambunctious butt-buddies. Maybe I'll throw in a sarcastic Natasha to tease them when she figures out they're fucking.
Snorting, Steve handed him the spatula. "Turn the bacon in three minutes. You're reminding me why I don't cook naked!" He tossed the last part over his shoulder as he pulled his pajamas on.
He traded looks with Steve, almost pleading for his boyfriend to take over, but Steve just smiled gently and gestured for him to do it.
Clint started to nod and froze, groaning and grabbing his head. "I take that back. Vodka. Vodka is definitely the devil."
"That's what you took from that?" Pinching the bridge of her nose, Pepper sighed. "I count Natasha as one of my closest friends, but I hardly know you. Get a manicure with us, and maybe I'll call you by your first name."
It was no use trying to hold back, his hips snapped forward, and he was coming, crying out and biting down on Tony's shoulder. He was never a rude lover, he had something to finish, regardless of how spent he felt. Tony, the poor human puddle he was, was easy to manhandle into his back, and Steve sucked at the hollow on his throat, taking him in hand.
"How 'bout I make us dinner?"
But Howard was
He needs to make it count.
She just didn't know what.
Placing the device down gently, Howard stood, still a little shaky on his feet, but he did his best to hide it. He tempered his tone, trying to placate, trying to soothe, but he honestly had no experience with that. "They tell me I hurt you."
"What the fuck."
The responding boom echoed through the air and was sure, Tony knew, to give the FBI and Fury an exercise in patience in the days to come.
"I never saw the appeal. PB&Js are where it's at. Have some fruit," he coaxed, pushing the bowl filled with apple, pear, and orange slices closer to Tony.
Mulling over his closet, Tony fingered one of his best suits. But Steve wouldn't like that, would he? He preferred the more casual Tony, had basically said as much himself. Instead, he pulled out a pair of his best fitted jeans, dark blue and tight enough to hug the curve of his ass, and a red t-shirt with the Aerosmith logo on it. The shirt fit perfectly, dipped enough in the waist to show off Tony's lean and sculpted body, the sleeves the right length to enhance his strong arms. And he looked fucking fantastic in red, everyone told him so.
looking at Tony, "I came across an obscure farmer's almanac. It's in disagreement with what is on record weather-wise the day the plane went down. Which means—"
"We'll work on it, together, how's that?"
So what if Steve loves him back? It's still a supremely bad idea. This won't end well. It can't end well. That's no way he can be what Steve needs, he's not that guy. He's selfish and crass, nothing but trouble. He'll only hurt Steve. Jesus, he
On one rather unique occasion, they stripped off their dresses and jumped naked into the ocean. Swimming freely into the chilly water and diving into the waves. Giggling and running to grab their belongings when the Jones Beach grounds crew caught them, speeding out of the parking lot and racing away. She'd take an Uber home from one of the girl's houses, under Tony's account, always leaving a hefty tip. He never questioned the charges. And she would never see those girls again.
"More technology you can't be
"Hey, please look at me."
Tony sighed, "You're right. I know you are. But you owe me pillow time."
And nothing sounded better than the soft gasps and moans Tony made as he buried himself to his hilt and gave an experimental roll of his hips.
Steve took two of the bags. "Let me help."
He's blushing outright now, and Tony has to swallow before he is able to talk. "I could say the same. For once in my life, I am fully, completely, wonderfully content." Each day with this family, with Steve by his side, he feels the pieces of his battered soul bond back together. Somehow, he knows, everything is finally as it should be.
Steve
They wouldn't even know what they were missing.
That startled a laugh out of Tony. "Hear! Hear!"
"Tony!" Steve didn't know what to do. He couldn't be angry at Tony for feeling the way he was, but on the other hand, he was never going to get Howard to bed if Tony didn't stop yelling.
"Semantics," Tony purred, kissing Steve. "Or sex then movie?"
Steve didn't know what to say. He tilted Tony's head up and kissed him lightly, holding him for just a few moments until Tony's heart started to slow its rapid beating.
A soft, coy smile played at Tony's lips. "I think I do."
"I would save
And Clint? Well, he really did try. He was half on the back of the couch, trying to get into his usual spot, but one leg was still on the floor. Slowly, without moving the rest of his body, he lifted his leg, staring off somewhere decidedly not Tony or Steve and hoping beyond hope that his movements were careful enough to not bring their gaze. As usual, he was about as subtle as a sledgehammer.
Letting his head fall back, Tony audibly sighed. "Truth?"
"You're saying roll with it." It was the exact opposite of what Tony would have thought Fury would say, but in a twisted way, it made sense. The public already saw him; they already figured out who he was. If they wanted to keep the conspiracy theorists quiet, it was better to be honest. Time travel. From a spell in a book that there is only one of. People would try to find out what spell, and they would go after the book. That was the biggest concern, but honestly? Tony was all for destroying it.
He could feel Tony loosen up the further they flew from the city.
"Soon?"
It was the first time they had fought over everything that was happening.
Bathing Tony when his wrist and ankle are wrapped in fiberglass casts is difficult enough without the added complication of his exhaustion. Two days of the same cycle of sleeping and waking, panicking and searching have left him a little stale, and in the moments when he is awake long enough to hold a coherent conversation, he begs to be able to wash.
"At its simplest, his body can't process gluten. It's found in wheat, barely, rye, malt… It's kind of like an allergy, but it's not."
"It's not an easy job, Anthony," Michael continues, "but it's rewarding. And though you're technically immortal, you
Clint made a face, shooting it at Steve and slipping out to get Thor. Steve understood. When it came to Tony and his own self care, Steve was the only one who could get him to eat or sleep or even to shower when Tony was focused on work. He was a musical genius, able to play almost any instrument he picked up, lyrics and notes coming easily to him, and he had perfect pitch. That coupled with an incredible voice and his looks made him perfect as a pop star, an absolute dream for producers to work with. But it also meant he got into zones; habitual behaviors that took up all the space in his brain and pushed other things out, things he deemed unnecessary like eating or sleeping or bathing. He would fall into his genius, letting the music consume him, and if they didn't dive into his mind and pull him out, he would go days without any of it.
Once, long ago, Steve had his own Rhodey. His own moral guide. His own compass.
Steve clicked through the lens, "Keep going."
The girls were in a fit of giggles, and Tony knew there'd be tweets about this later, the Avenger Army gushing over their antics.
They looked around at each other, each more confused than the next. It was Thor, who hadn't spoken at all and Tony had almost forgotten about, who was the one to finally speak up.
not a Boy Scout."
"When?"
Surrounded by something he had a deep passion for, he came alive in ways Tony didn't think possible. The art could fuck it. Tony just wanted to look at Steve.
, and him alone. His poor Mamma, thrown from the famiglia simply for falling in love with a
Because although Howard was going to do everything in his power to keep his memory intact, there was a little, teeny,
"Easy to please, I see." Steve smirked. At the windowsill, he pulled two sprigs of rosemary from a planter. "I'll keep it fancy anyway."
became, who
"Hey! That's not what you say to someone who just did you a favor!" She was still laughing, pulling out one of his stools and flopping down.
"I'm gathering that I do something to this Tony in the future. And that's why I'm universally hated?" He spoke, popping a strawberry into his mouth. "Whatever it is, I haven't
Rhodey spoke quietly, his voice barely concealing the inner fight waging in his mind, "You think this Howard will try to make up for what his future self did?"
His head dropped to the side, facing out. And it took a moment, but his eyes focused on two figures just beyond the glass wall.
Adjusting slightly so he could burrito them under the blankets, Steve kissed Tony's head and remained quiet. He could hear the sniffling and feel the hitched breaths on his collar. Tony was crying and Steve couldn't blame him, but pointing it out was a sure fire way to get Tony to clam up entirely.
"You are a damaged young man who played into the life his father thought he should have."
"It's okay, Tones. You don't have to have all the answers right now."
"I can't believe it was there all along," Clint said, looking annoyed. "Nat and I have been all over looking for it."
Manhattan was underwater.
Tony Stark was many things, but at least he never hurt children.
"I'm concerned with how joyous you sound about that," Joseph deadpans.
Steve was left cursing under his breath and mopping up rapidly cooling Earl Grey. "What a waste of good tea." At least none of it had gotten on the blanket. Then Steve would have to wash it, and it wouldn't smell like Tony's expensive cologne anymore. And wouldn't
"Bruce," said a man with curly hair, taking her hand lightly.
Tony's knees bent upwards, his feet lifting to wrap around Steve, and giving only a slight warning to compliment the mischievous look in his eyes when Steve finally pulled back.
Nodding, Steve ran his hands down Tony's thighs. "Whatever you want, doll."
The hand on his arm was gone, and Tony was bolting from the room. Steve barely had time to react before Howard was throwing his arms around him and whooping in excitement. "It worked! It worked!"
Tony would yell at him later, that was for sure. Something about not being a damsel in distress or along the lines of
Swallowing the last of the scotch in the mug, Steve sets it down and walks to greet whoever it is. Pepper gives good hugs too, and she can cry with him.
"They do, you're still their brother," Steve continued, looking up at him. "They just want to know you're here to stay."
Steve's boxers were tented in a way that had Tony leaning forward to get his own taste, mouthing over the fabric, and dampening it with his tongue. Steve's breath caught.
, ya won't be saying those sorts of things."
"Natasha wanted to make sure."
Dropping the book to the wicker table next to him, Clint gave her his full attention by leaning forward, steepling his fingers, and laying on the sarcasm. "Oh yes, Natasha, go right ahead and maim the man who one day has to convince a woman to fuck him so Tony can be born."
Steve is just like us and Clint is a bit of a creep, but we love him anyway.
There was honestly nothing better than making a hot cup of proper tea, sitting down at his big oak desk facing the Manhattan Skyline at night, and writing. He had on his biggest, comfiest sweater, slippers, and maybe sort of kind of stole one of Tony's favorite throw blankets to drape across his, ahem, lap.
With the
Instead of answering, he brought his hands down Steve's back to grip his ass and pull him closer, grinding his hips up to rock their cocks together. Steve's mouth fell open into a little 'o,' his hands falling to Tony's shoulders to steady himself as he pushed back against him, rotating his midsection.
"Fuck yes!"
"Dead last," Michael shoots back, barely concealing his mirth. "And yes, Anthony, I will concede." He looks back to Tony, his expression serious. "You are one of my favorites. I love your spirit. It's a good one."
Clint's eyes were growing dark, he was barely paying attention to what Steve was saying, too busy watching as Tony's ass rippled with the smacks, his hips jerking, and the way his head twisted from side to side. When Steve's fingers made an obvious movement in Tony's ass, he let his hand rub over the front of his pants.
When he was gone, Natasha turned her attention back to Tony. "That's what I mean. You play this part, this anti-hero to the public. Narcissistic asshole inventor. But you've got such a soft spot for the intelligent youth, the underdogs trying to make it where you had a silver spoon." Tony made a face at that. He wasn't exactly keen on her having him so pegged.
He had some semblance of a family, a man he loved and wanted to grow old with, and a cause. Iron Man made his life far more dangerous, but it also gave Tony the stability he needed. It gave Tony somewhere to hang his hat. A home and not just a building.
"No, I get it. I'll try to be more aware of my own boundaries in the future."
It was evident as soon as Hill had sat down with them that Fury was pissed that they’d kept Howard's arrival secret. Him learning that the magic used meant that Howard was going to be in the future indefinitely?
"Duh," he snatched the bacon and shoved it into his mouth. "All right, what have we got here?" He asked, picking up the bowl filled with scrambled eggs, "Cheese in this?" He could act okay.
Tony finds Steve nursing a beer at the kitchen Island. It's just after 4 in the morning, and outside, a winter storm drapes Manhattan in glittery white snow, topping streetlights, idle taxis, and the occasional brave soul who stomps their way over the yet unplowed sidewalks. The sky is a bright orange, illuminated by a serene beauty that only comes after a good snowstorm. But it's cold. Bitter. The air tastes frozen and harsh, and despite the sparkly grace of the snowflakes dancing through the chilled air, it's better viewed from inside the warmth of a home. Still, there's a quaintness that draws people to it. The feel of the fluffy white mounds of snow, the sharp burst of cold on tongues as someone catches a snowflake… It speaks of something simpler and good.
At the door, he laughed, grateful for her. "At least I'll have lots of chocolate!"
She snorted, a sound completely unattractive on anyone else that was almost cute coming from her. "Steve punched Howard, did you hear?"
"I am not!"
There was also the chance of Pepper, Rhodey, or even Happy seeing him. But that was slim, wasn't it? And it wasn't like they weren't used to his...sexcapades.
Tony's head dropped in embarrassment. "I hate you."
The Great Tony Stark, who put on all the sass in public but behind closed doors was just a scared little nerd who only wanted to build robots. And on that night, when he should have been posturing around his newest creation with a father fit to burst with pride, he was instead cowered on the floor, whimpering. One hand covering his mouth, the other protecting his head. Waiting for the rest of the blows that always came.
On his small kitchen table, he dropped a carton of half-and-half, three spoons, and a Ziploc bag of sugar. It wasn't as refined, but it would taste just as good.
"Yeah, bruised but good." As the rest of the suit disappeared around him, Bruce fell into place next to Rhodey, walking toward the door. "A lot has happened since you've been here last."
Tony never thought he would find the happiness she spoke of in another person. They always seemed to let him down, time and time again, but laying in Steve's arms, he feels something inside him ignite. A small, struggling flame, a short, barely there wick, and Steve is the hurricane lantern, surrounding him. Protecting the weak burst of light he emits. Cajoling him to grow brighter and fight against the wind, to weather a storm he's so familiar with that it's like a blanket, soft and warm, comforting in the memories it possesses. The threads weaved together in what was, what is, and what should have been. It protects him from the cold rain.
"Miss Potts, I swear to you, no one is trying to hurt him." Sitting next to her, he upturned his palms and shrugged. "None of us can figure out the right thing to do. This isn't an alien or a monster. We're trying our best. But-" he held up one finger, cutting her off before she could interrupt, "-I swear to you that nobody wants to see Tony hurt. Howard included."
idea how much damage you could have irrevocably caused?"
he was trying to make up for his infraction the night before.
"What can I do to help?"
They were quiet, contemplating, trading looks and silent conversations only understood through twenty-five years of working together and being each other's pillars and family.
He did as he was told.
Clint is shaking his head knowingly, helping Steve tug the comforter over both of them. "I'll be back."
Tony choked. "Bruce!"
"That incredibly explosive orgasm you just had."
"I'm fine."
"I thought, I don't know. I came to see if you needed help." Tony's voice was stiff, his eyes never leaving Howard.
"Don't you mean Fucking Tony Stark? In the ass. Because you know-"
Tony leaned forward suggestively, "Oh, good. No underwear. Easy access for later." He made a grab for the waistband, but Steve stepped back out of his reach.
He licked the toy, before dipping it into his mouth, loving the feel of it on his tongue. For a moment, he closed his eyes and envisioned that it was Steve's, swallowing down on it and sucking like the fucking pro he was. Coating his other hand with lube (and that was no easy feat to do with one hand!), he pushed his fingers inside himself, two right away, loving the feel of the slight burn, and stretched himself.
He spent the next half hour going through places they could escape to. Vacations to tropical isles that Tony could book on a moment's notice, road trips to cities Steve knew Tony adored, and fancy hotels mere blocks from the tower that would afford Tony at least some semblance of freedom from what had transpired. In the end, he decided to pack them up and run away to Malibu. It was far enough away that Tony could lick his wounds in private and familiar enough that he could feel like he could be himself.
And promptly fell asleep.
Tony didn't want to disturb him.
"He is currently conversing with Thor in the living room, Doctor Banner. They have ordered pizza."
into motion. If you change the way he's raised, then there's a possibility of
Steve's head dropped, his lips coming in contact with Tony's collar bone, and his tongue flicked out, tasting the saltiness of Tony’s skin as he pressed in, deeper and deeper, his large cock stretching Tony open, until his body was flush with Tony's. Risking a glance down, Steve felt a bolt of pleasure rip through him. Tony's rim was extended to the max, just like his lips were, taut around Steve's size. He needed a breath, a moment to calm himself from seeing his cock so tightly enveloped by Tony's body.
"Tony." Steve said quietly. "You-" he sighed and tried again. "I felt like I missed so much. Lost so much. But you, you somehow gave it all back to me."
"Never?"
Checking in on the hangover buddies, Steve found both Clint and Howard still asleep exactly where he had left them. Natasha was nowhere to be found, but her jacket was missing from the hook by the door. With Tony safely in his workshop and everyone else accounted for, he entered his apartment, stripping as he went. A nice hot shower would do wonders for his exhausted mind.
If it was at all possible, Tony sat up straighter. "IQ of 270. I'm one of the most intelligent people in the entire world."
He could feel Tony smile against his neck. "We've come full circle."
Snorting, she plucked the menu from his hand. "You had me thinking you've never had Indian."
"They call it growth," he answered, standing and rolling the bag of chips closed. "Are you hungry?" He pulled the refrigerator open, peering inside. "There's plenty of leftovers."
"Right." He left anyway, pride be damned, and took the stairs. It gave him a moment to think and less of a chance of JARVIS messing with him.
"It surprised me! I mean: my son? And Cap-Captain America? They're gay?"
Pepper leaned back in her chair, ignoring the impromptu photoshoot (it happened constantly with Tony around, anyway) and swinging around so she could see Steve. "Maybe. I like that. Thor, you want to try it?"
The puffs from the machine began to slow, and Rhodey pressed his thumb over the Stark Industries logo on the bottom and rubbed across it. Tony was a household name, not just because of Iron Man, but because his name was on the best appliances, the best electronics. Items for every pay scale, quality unwavering. Washers and dryers for the low income family as well as the rich, twenty dollar coffee makers for the struggling college student that would last through their senior year and into their first jobs, as well as large machines stocked in coffee houses. Phones with the best shatter resistant screens from a hundred dollars to over a thousand. Tablets and computers for bookkeeping to gaming to multimillion dollar conglomerates. Rhodey, whose face was not nearly as recognizable out of the War Machine armor than it was within, found it almost surreal when he heard people talking about Tony Stark. Either
t of practice in getting out of tight spots.
Tony didn't question it. He gingerly picked up the toast and took a bite, but his face turned sour, and he swallowed dryly before taking a large gulp from the bottle of water Steve had also brought up with him. "Nothing tastes right." He pushed away the tray. "Maybe later."
He could move out of his comfort zone, or he could stay within.
written in bold over it. It was an Etsy buy, something Rhodey got him as a joke the Christmas before, but Tony adored it.
See you all tomorrow with April!
A screen opened on the wall in front of Pepper, showing Tony as he left that afternoon with Steve and Bruce. The smile on his face was wide and full, but to Pepper's trained eyes it was easy to see the tension. He kept himself flanked by Steve and Bruce, for once not sauntering off to the fans waiting outside, skirting security and going off on his own. He stayed close, like they were baby blankets he couldn't be parted with. The thirty seconds of video she saw was confirmation enough. He was a mess.
Steve smiled indulgently, "Absolutely. But let's get through this exam first, and then we'll fit you for contacts. You have astigmatism, so we might have to custom fit." He pushed the Phoropter toward Tony. "Put your chin here, Mr. Stark. I'm very good at custom fits, you'll see." He moved, standing behind Tony just as an excuse to touch him, fiddling with the machine.
"Yeah! Completely! And if you choose to not stay here, that's your decision. I'll buy you a house in Wisconsin if that's what you want."
This wasn't going to last long. The story already had him on edge.
"I know, Ma. I'm gonna take care of you."
"You have a nice voice."
The room was cold without Tony. It was still. There was
The moan Thor let out at that had Steve's mouth falling slightly open in lust.
Briefly, he toyed with the idea of changing the sheets, but honestly, he didn't want to get his hopes up and if they
"My little french fry!"
did. No reason to make up excuses.
"More than what? What I need?" Steve was getting frantic, half out of his seat and trying to get Tony to look at him. "I need
Thor laughed, helping himself to another slice. "I will do that."
"I… can't…!"
"Of course, Miss Potts, would you like anything else?" The voice spoke.
"Let me see." Steve had a one-track mind. He pushed at the underside of Tony's knees just a little, nudging him in the right direction. Who was Tony to say no? He brought them up, opening his ass up, exposing his hole.
It takes Tony about a half-hour to shower and dress. It's a practiced routine—one he had done to perfection for years before it was cut from his life by the Ten Rings. Hot water became a distant memory, scented soaps and lush conditioners, an unattainable dream. He scrubbed and washed as quickly as he could before his captors could come banging. Being home, he imagined a long luxurious soak in the tub, meticulously cleansing his body and savoring the privacy his own ensuite bathroom afforded him.
was the one who helped put his pieces back together,
Bruce had texted her an hour before to say he was comparing the DNA and that he wasn't ready to see his best friend's monster up close and personal just yet. It was probably a good idea. They didn't need the Other Guy coming out and showing Howard just how protective he was of his Tin Man.
this! It's not like it's uncommon knowledge when you actually get to know Tony!"
"Oh, no, I'm good. Really. I'm good."
"Oh, Jesus, fuck!" Clint was coming. His body almost convulsing as the streams jetted out of his cock, landing on Tony's firm and rotund ass, some dripping down the crevice and dipping over the rim. Steve pulled the vibrator out enough to gather the come, and pushed right back into Tony, coating his insides with drops of Barton's seed.
And there was Tony. Ripped jeans (that probably cost a fortune), and a Slayer t-shirt.
Please, please let me know what you think!
Steve barked a loud giggle--a fucking giggle!--and matched Tony's skip, singing off key, "The wonderful wizard of Oz!"
"Seems the biggest concern is cross contamination," she responded.
It wasn't always easy to keep himself away like that, especially given what they were currently going through. Steve and Rhodey didn't exactly hit it off at first, and sometimes he found it hard to let that go. But any healthy relationship needed space, and Rhodey deserved time with his best friend that didn't involve his significant other.
"Oh. Wow. Thank you?" It's strange to think that Tony may have been entirely alone without Michael taking an interest in him.
appreciates a good crazy around here," Tony preened, sitting up straight.
"Shh, baby, just feel me," Steve whispered, beginning to rock his hips in the steady motion he knew drove Tony crazy.
"Tony! Are you okay?" Steve's head popped over the edge of the bed.
Steve caught Tony looking and grinned mischievously. "I made sure you were the last appointment today." Flipping open a book on the counter, he signed himself out. "I've been planning this for a long time."
The heat from the water was heaven on his body, but nothing compared to the way Steve had so gently placed him into the tub. Tony leaned forward so Steve could climb in behind him, and rested his back against Steve's chest, sitting in his lap.
"This one time, in Cairo," Howard was standing on the cushions, "I challenged a Sheikh to a wine drinking contest."
"Have we met?"
"What you do to me," Tony moaned.
"It's okay, Howard," Steve came to the rescue, and the look on his face spoke volumes of how far he'd come with him. "It's nice to hear you're okay with this. With us."
"Ah, so you know about JARVIS as well? The artificial intelligence, that is." She fanned the menus out, running her finger over them before plucking one blindly. "Indian. Good, I could use some spice."
Tony had to hide his face in his hands; he was laughing hard enough to offend Clint, and since the archer had just saved dinner with his fantastic ability to divert, he knew he really shouldn't egg JARVIS on. Then again, Tony never did well with keeping his mouth shut. "J, have I told you lately that I love you?"
It all went horribly wrong in the removal part though. There was no sexy way to get them off his feet, and though he tried, he ended up bent over, hopping on one foot as the right leg got caught on his heel. And when he tried to get the other off, he straight up fell over.
