I sighed at Gabriel’s attempt to contain his disgust. “Yes, Gabriel.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean could see him deliberate internally. The way Castiel wore his emotions so plainly was endearing. “Yes. I think I’m ready,” he finally said.
To me, that seems a little fanciful at best, impossible at worst. It means you’re responsible for every moment of your life. Your devotion can’t falter for a single beat, because each one is promised to your destined loved one even before you’ve taken your first breath. Just the concept of a soul mate is preposterous. Strings of fate tying certain people together, the inevitability of it all… it doesn’t even sound desirable to me. The universe has decided that I would jive the best with a single person, and I have no say in it? What’s the point of anything if it’s all just decided by destiny; if we were always going to end up here?
Once Dean couldn’t see Castiel’s face anymore, he came over and started rubbing the lotion into his skin. He used this time to convince himself that this was any other customer. Just another day, just another guy. It didn’t work all that well.
Dean squirmed down further, not wanting to give Cas the satisfaction of seeing his excited, toothy smile, wide as can be.
“Okay, take the robe off your shoulders so I can get to your back and lay on your front, please.” Amazingly, his voice sounded totally under control. Point to Winchester.
“Hell, yeah.”
The subtle change in Castiel’s expression told Dean his intimidation worked. Dean greedily enjoyed the sight of Castiel stretching.
“I’ll stop right away. Don’t you worry, Cas. You’ll love it.”
“Sixty-seven.”
“I don’t want to scare you unnecessarily, but you should be prepared for the worst. I’d like to take an MRI to see if there has been damage to the lumbar or sacral spinal cord. Our manual testing revealed a lack of response to stimuli in your lower extremities. Now, sometimes this is a temporary symptom of a trauma called spinal shock…”
Cas circled Dean’s nipples with his thumbs, making Dean bite his lip and groan quietly. He lightened his touch at Dean’s collarbone, making him smile and scrunch his neck.
When I awakened for the third time, it was a little less awful. A few seconds after waking, I remembered I was in a hospital. It was the crinkly pillow and the smell that gave it away. I was still in pain, but I didn’t feel the need to writhe or whine about it anymore. At least not at the moment. It was daytime, but who knew when exactly. I wondered how long I had been sleeping and what happened. I couldn’t quite remember.
Dean nodded eagerly and Cas climbed onto the bed, naked himself except for a pair of bright navy blue boxer-briefs. He looked nervous again; like he didn’t really know what to do. But Dean promised he wouldn’t say anything, so he closed his eyes and relaxed, trying to put off an air of peace. Breathing steadily and focusing on the warmth of the dimly lit, cozy little bedroom, Dean waited. He listened to Cas’ breathing too, trying to gauge his mood. Eventually, Cas’ breathing seemed to calm too, and he began to shift on the bed. Dean opened his eyes again when Cas swung his leg over to straddle Dean’s abdomen. Cas scanned Dean with his eyes, steady and thorough; everywhere from the tips of his fingers, to the lines in his forehead to the dip of his navel. Cas wasn’t hard, and Dean was only partially there just from being naked and tied to the bed by Cas. And yet this suddenly felt startlingly intimate.
“I love your smell. Sometimes, all it takes is you walking by and all I can think about the rest of the day is getting into bed with you. One whiff and I’m picturing you taking advantage of me in the middle of the grocery store or out in the park. Maybe at a restaurant, where you’ll reach over and start stroking me through my pants under the table,” Cas reaches down to mimic his words with his actions, finally taking Dean into his hand. “You’ll go slow and light, make it last as long as possible, while I struggle to contain my cries of pleasure. I love it when you sneak up behind me and wrap me in your arms. You kiss all along my neck and shoulders and I feel tingles, running up my scalp and down my spine, like this,” Cas temporarily removes his hand from Dean’s dick to scratch and tickle at the back of his head. A violent shiver rocks his body and Dean gasps. “Whatever I’m doing, I have to stop because you’re touching me all over. Eventually, you reach your hand down my pants and were it not for your strength behind me, I would fall to my knees. I go weak when you take me. Any way you take me. Your hand, your mouth, fucking me into the bed. And it’s all the more pleasurable because I know you are taking your pleasure in me. You could have anyone but you chose me. I want you so bad it hurts. Can you feel how hard I am for you, Dean?”
Castiel called for Dean and he tried to hide his excitement. He instructed Castiel to get back on the table face down. Seeing Castiel lying prone only fueled his enthusiasm. He lifted Castiel’s robe slowly to reveal his navy blue boxer briefs. Dean wasn’t surprised he’d kept his underwear and wasn’t disappointed either. If he’d been bare under there, Dean didn’t know how he would have handled it.
“Yes, that’s fine. But um…”
“Yes!”
Light. There was only light. Then there was an abundance of pain, shortly followed by panic. Something was terribly wrong, but I couldn’t figure out what. Strange voices surrounded me, sounding stranger still to my addled mind for their calmness. I wouldn’t remember what they said, but at least it all faded away again just moments later.
He waited, repeating his strokes so that nothing came as a surprise. Then when Castiel wasn’t clinging to the table anymore, Dean pressed up the arch of his sole. His reaction was dramatic and satisfying. Dean was giddy with the knowledge that he made Castiel moan like that.
The Friday before finally arrived, and Dean couldn’t be bothered by a thing in the world. Dean loved his job, but he’d never looked forward to a client like this. He made sure to give his full attention to each of his customers that day, though. He didn’t want them to think he was not focused on them. Meg was the last customer before Castiel; she was always a fun client. Her appointments were relatively frequent, but erratic. She just worked it in whenever she felt like it.
Dean brought his hands back to Cas’ tummy, clawing with them both and leaned down to blow a wet raspberry on his neck. Cas
“AAHhaha!! S-s-sixty- fohohour!”
“Aw, does little Cassie need a hinty-winty?”
Dean accepted the offered hand and put all his feeling into the shake. “You’re welcome, Castiel.”
Dean teased, increasing his efforts and shifting to get a better angle. Cas’ hands balled into fists at his sides and his hips bucked off the couch a little. He admired Cas’ commitment to letting Dean do this. He may not be tickling too hard yet, but he knows if the positions were reversed, Dean would already be fighting. With his leg still bent over Cas’ legs, Dean brought one hand down to spread just the very tips of his fingers over the tops of Cas’ thighs while the other came to pluck relentlessly at his ribs. Cas squeezed his eyes shut and giggled lightly, squirming uncontrollably.
“Well, I’ve never been into karaoke, but I’ll take one for the team if you insist.”
“Don’t let me keep you; I think you’re needed elsewhere,” I said.
“Uh, not really, I was just saying it was probably telepathic signals with the, you know, antennae.”
“Oh, I have my ways…”
“Nah, he just liked the massage.” Dean smiled as he penciled in the appointment.
“Could you... not touch my feet, please?”
The last person I expected to see entered the room hesitantly.
“Sahahaha- Seh- Seventy-ssseven!”
“No, Cassie, it’s not a problem, just–”
Cas sucked a wet, desperate kiss below Dean’s ear, then lifted himself back up to speak filth into Dean’s ear again, while one hand roamed the expanse of Dean’s chest and everywhere he could reach.
“And he’s such a crack-up. I don’t even think he does it on purpose.”
Gabriel made a face, probably picturing our mother the same way I was, hovering and consoling and babying me day after day. Eugh.
“Is that Pink Floyd?”
Dean checked his watch and tried to remember if he was mistaken about the length of the session. “Really? An hour and a half is a lot of time for a first message.”
“Right. Dean.” Castiel squared his shoulders with his chin tucked to his sternum, looking a bit silly from Deans angle directly below him. Dean didn’t comment or smirk, just in case it would offend Cas or scare him off. “I’d like to discuss doing something a bit different.”
Ten years hadn’t healed a damn thing that twenty-two hadn’t already tried and failed.
Dean's anger friggin' tripled – no, quadrupled – no, higher, but Dean didn't know the word for more 'pled's than four – when he rounded the car and saw the state of the driver's side door. The handle was intact and the door latched closed with no obvious damage, but he knew immediately when he grabbed the handle that someone had forced the lock.
The agent smiled back, a biting, bitter thing. He shook his head again, tapping the edge of his folder on the table with another disbelieving laugh. Then he headed for the door back out of the prison without a word.
"I don't know, okay!" Dean shrugged both irritably and self-consciously. "Why not, Sam? He's gonna go to that bank, no matter what we say to him. You can see it in his eyes, man!"
Time for Plan B.
"Pete!" Diana was on her feet, hands on the table and that fierce gaze locked on her partner, who stood still at her bark. "That is enough!"
"With Ruby."
Dean let out a gasp, staggering a step forward. Although the dream projections were far away, the hunter felt the tug of their disappearance, the pull of the Baku as it fed on his memories. It pulled at his body and made his chest feel oddly tight. Heavy.
"I don't… I don't understand," Cas fumbled, still withdrawn from the hunter, and Dean couldn't blame him. He was right back to feeling like the lowliest dirt pile again, despite his progress the last few weeks. His friend drew himself up, shoulders back, eyes fierce, and when he spoke, he was obviously biting back anger. "I need you to explain, Dean, because that- that's not… you
(Which, to be fair, was probably Sam and Dean's fault. Waking up in the middle of night to an angelic vessel – not the angel, but Angela – raising hell for a cell phone, followed by radio silence for hours would be enough to keep anyone up worrying.)
"Sorry, kiddo," the demon said from above him, wiping the sharp, curved blade in his hand off on a rag. Wiping Sam's blood off with that rag. "Your brother's gotta pay his entry fee."
"Crowley?" Dean asked incredulously, like he thought maybe his eyes were tricking him. As Sam hastily went for a clean set of clothes, Dean leaned out into the corridor, looking left and right like he expected to find Ashton Kutcher and a camera crew. "What the hell are you doing here?"
He thought of the half dozen other times he'd heard that. Those stupid words that meant anything from 'gonna need to take a nap' to 'I'll be coughing up blood for the next three days'. In this case, at least they were somewhere in the middle.
. Well, everyone was short compared to Sam, as his brother reminded him often. But she was particularly short, top of her blonde head not quite making his shoulder as she swapped the broken cocktail glass in her hand for the napkin that had been wrapped around it. Sam didn't even realize he was bleeding until she'd taken his free hand and started dabbing at the small cut just above his thumb. Her drink must not have been particularly strong – the alcohol dripping off his fingers didn't even sting.
and was now
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
He smiled shyly at Steph and she smiled in return. It was nice, even if he was pretty sure it was a smile born of pity.
"You looked at me with anger a lot of the time." Dean flinched when Cas handed him a new beer, freshly uncapped, still cold and dewy like it had popped right out of an ad for the stuff, and he didn't know if the wince was from Cas's words or the fact that he could very clearly hear Dean's wants and needs right now (and that…that was so…so not okay.) "But often with you, anger hides something else. Something that makes you feel vulnerable."
-o-o-o-
“He said that?” Dean echoed quietly, staring at his kid brother with a pain of his own.
"Last night, I had another one," Ava was saying, sniffing as she folded the clipping back up and stuffed it into her purse. "About you. I saw you die."
By the end of the meal, Dean had every confidence that he could do this, for them.  He was going to change the future.
"Yeah, well, this wasn't some tormented war vet," Sam countered. "The doc has no priors, no history of violence or suicidal tendencies, and the town seems genuinely rattled. By all accounts, he was a 'nice guy.'"
"You saw it somewhere too, I take it, Detective?"
: So you knooooow, how I might have mentioned at the end of the Baltimore arc that we were getting Cas soon, but in like, the dirtiest, rottenest, no good cliffhanger way purely possible?
. Anyone. But whatever this is, it's eating you from the inside out." Sam opened the upper cupboards to grab two mugs even as Dean turned the coffee maker on with a vicious flick of his finger. "Worse, it's going to chase Cas away.
It wouldn't be enough to see him through to the other side this time. Not a second time.
The hunter swallowed, staring into his coffee. Well, uh… it was now or never, right?
Yes.  Yes he could.  And yeah, he was friggin’ torn up about it and he knew Sam would never forgive him.  But when it came down to it, time and time again had proved there was little in this life Dean wouldn’t do to keep Sam safe.
. It wasn't like that between him and Cas. But if that 'look' really was a thing he did…if the way he looked at Cas really was, somehow…uh…misleading certain people (assholes and Dragon Ladies), then….
As the demon spoke, Sam managed to wedge his hand into the drawer of the nightstand, the movement hidden behind his broad back, and he sought out the gun he used to keep strapped to the underside of the tabletop. Even out of the life for four years, Sam hadn't been able to let go of his training.
Not that Dean could exactly picture a situation in which a baby landed in the angel's lap. He wasn't actually thinking of Cas 'procreating', as the angel would most definitely call it (Dean woulda called it sowing some angel wings or doing a little cloud jumping. Making baby angels. Doing it like they do on the Divine Channel. …Alright, that last one needed a little work. Regardless: all semi-lude things that would have made the angel blush. Which Dean was only now realizing he would take rather perverse pleasure in. Why did he even know what Cas looked like when he blushed in the first place?) Although, at least in terms of ending up with a baby in the bunker that wasn't somehow his or Sam's direct result of being red-blooded, healthy young men (hey, Dean knew what could very well happen when bumping uglies), they did work in a field that had a lot of accidental death. He supposed weirder things had happened than an angel-turned-almost-human adopting a human orphaned by a monster.
He'd definitely had this conversation before, damnit!
Season 2: Chapter 44
Castiel stood solid for several long, silent minutes as he stared straight past his fingers, through Dean's chest to the grace settled beyond. His expression slowly tightened, eyes narrowing and brow beginning to pinch as that focus deepened.
. That's- that's
Dean blinked, anger completely forgotten as the name echoed bells in his head and he took a second look at the beanstalk in front of him. He was a good looking guy, oozing charm and sincerity, with hazel-green eyes and short blonde hair.
It didn’t look like a demon had moved in.  Then again, it never did.
His brother didn't stir, and Sam's fear went from hyperventilating in his lungs to sinking heavy in his stomach, cementing with realization. Dean's chest wasn't moving beneath his hand, and he'd detected no current of air on his finger. The death toll persisted and the hunter let out a frustrated cry. He hobbled on his knees to his brother's legs and grabbed his ankles. Sam pulled the older man away from the wall, mindful of his head hitting the floor too hard. He slid a cautious hand beneath his head, weary of skull or neck trauma. Nothing shifted beneath his touch, at least, and he thanked God for that thick skull if nothing else.
Andy, meanwhile, flailed in her arms with meagre fight, largely for show, but otherwise was doing absolutely nothing to free himself from Jo's octopus arms. He actually looked like he was enjoying himself. Which meant Dean was gonna murder him, soon as he figured out how to detach the two from their newly merged hips.
The two waited until the nurses at the front desk were looking away, and then took off.  Dean kept it under the speed limit, but just barely as they headed back to the apartment.
The hunter craned his neck to look over his shoulder at the angel, who was standing beside the picnic table Dean found himself camped out on. He'd been watching Ben run around at another kid's birthday party, a cold beer in hand and content smile on his face. The arrival of the angel came with conflicting emotions that both enveloped his chest with warmth and stole the smile right off his face.
“I didn’t see anything, Sam.  And I am not different.”
"Thought I told you to stop talking." Which wasn't technically true. He'd told her to shut up before she could start. She just hadn't listened, clearly. Dean nudged the door open with his toe then stopped at the threshold with a loud, frustrated sigh. "Sorry. I'm not trying to be a dick."
“S-Sam, please.  Please, you’re brother’s crazy!”
“Oh.  Um.  Yes, well.”  He looked down at the book in his hand, then back up to Dean.  “If you’re sure?”
Karen shot off the couch, clutching at her sweater. "Dean!"
"Steph," she conceded as well with a smile that was definitely the least intimidating thing she'd done so far. "Now, Chuck, what were you saying?"
Last Crowley had seen her had been half a century ago, at least. Not long before those whispers had gotten started, actually. She'd come asking questions about Lilith's plan, the seals, and the…
Surprise painted his face, but Dean didn't let it slow him down for long. "Great. Let's go."
"What if I am, Jo?" he asked, fighting down the nausea and guilt. He resisted pushing against his sternum, poking at the angel inside that wouldn't let him be miserable. Didn't Cas remember that he got this woman – both women – killed?
Dean grabbed the bottle, but kept his fingers sliding up and down the crevice of Cas's ass. With a wicked grin, he mockingly reminded the angel, "
"Yes." The answer was blunt, and left Bobby blinking. Castiel looked back up, releasing the meager clothing she was wearing and locking eyes with Dean, who could only gulp and try to remember how to breathe and, oh god, go back to thinking about
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
Dean stepped slowly towards the hall, moving around the furniture and pillars with the ease of someone achingly familiar with his surroundings. He hadn't meant to summon the bunker around them, but he wasn't unhappy to see it. This was home turf, and he knew every nook and cranny of the incredibly well-armed labyrinth. No dream walker was taking him down in his own sanctuary.
The younger hunter shoved the demon out of his head, burying his words as hard and as fast as he could. He couldn't let Azazel get to him. He was doing this for
Huh. If he'd known that earlier he could have spent the last six and a half minutes in a hell of a lot less stress. Still tons of stress, of course, because Sam was in danger, Dean had no way of contacting him, and also because he was a friggin' Winchester, so stress was a goddamn lifestyle. But at least he wouldn't have also been worrying his best friend was dead in the backseat or not even in the damn car to begin with.
"Enough, kid," Dean grumbled, rubbing at his head like he could physically brush off the continued intrusion. It was like knowing someone was staring at you, only, like, inside your brain. The three of them had had an adult conversation about it the night before when Andy formally asked for permission to test this new form of communication (and sort of apologized for the test he'd tried out on Dean). The man from the future hadn't been thrilled, but he also understood the kid's reasoning for pushing these powers. More than that, Dean had seen Andy's excitement, the first real smile spreading across his face. Not drug-induced, not forced because it was either that or start crying. The first real smile they'd gotten out of him since he'd gone missing, and the older Winchester wasn't about to destroy that for any reason, including his own autonomy. "We get it. We'll get out of your hair for a couple hours. I could use a real meal anyhow."
"You're working on it," came the patient (and far-too-sympathetic-for-the-current-discussion) response. Cas was looking at him like he believed it, too. "Give yourself some credit, Dean."
in this Paradise.
They kicked him out again in relatively short order to let Sam get some rest.  Dean spent the last of the early hours of morning packing up their hotel room and finding accommodation closer to the hospital in town.  Visiting hours didn’t begin until eight, so he spent the last two hours brainstorming and researching every possible way out of death the two had ever used or heard of.
“Cas,” Dean interjected sharply. He was done listening to Cas lumping the blame solely on his own shoulders. The nephilim may have indeed been innocent victims, but that didn’t make his angel a villain, in his eyes. Cas’s only crime was being too trusting in the wrong people. He’d been used by Heaven to do their dirty work and then tricked by Metatron, the latter of which had cost the angel his wings and life.
Dean unconsciously tensed up, his body protesting against the intrusion on reflex, clenching down on the digit without thought. Struggling to keep his face neutral under Cas' intense, judging gaze, as his whole body shivered with the feeling of Cas' finger thrusting slowly into his body, so delicately.
Dean's head was reeling, completely at his wits end, unable to keep up with Cas' speeded progress. He could swear blind that he was fully dressed only seconds before, now the only thing covering his skin was his underwear and Cas. Cas, who seemed to have hands everywhere, covering more of his body than his clothes ever had. There was hands caressing his back, his sides, his chest, sliding up and down smoothly. There was lips and - Jesus fuck - tongue and teeth on his throat, as the caresses slip lower... Dean's breath caught, a gasp stuck in his throat, as Cas' hands slipped, without any hesitancy, beneath the waistband of his boxers, stroking firmly over the skin of his ass and pushing down his last remaining piece of material protection.
Both of them followed Sam’s line of sight to Castiel’s chest. The Angel looking perplexed at the three seeping blotches of crimson staining the white of his shirt.
Dean buried his head in Cas' neck as he felt the hard length gliding up the inside of his thigh and bluntly pushed against his clenching hole. This was it. After all these years of fantasies it was finally becoming a reality. And he needed to relax, because he knows it's gonna hurt. How could it not. It's his first time, and Cas is completely inexperienced. Tensing up is only going to make it worse.
“I don’t know. We just- I just woke up and he was... I couldn’t wake him.” He was still rambling when Sam got to the door, left open in Dean’s hurry to find help.
Dean wiggled up on his elbows so he could see Castiel clearly.  “What do you mean?”
The first thing he read - ‘
Sam was nodding in thoughtful agreement. “What about African dream root?”
"Cas?" Dean swallowed dryly, trying to force his uncooperative tongue, that seemed to have grown several sizes too big for his mouth to form words.
Dean dropped his sleeve, covering the scar that Cas’ eyes were guiltily glued to. The true sadness shining on the Angel’s face dissolved the last shred of Dean’s anger and reached out taking gentle hold of his hand. Cas hadn’t meant this to happen, that much had become so obvious. He had only neglected to tell Dean what the Angel deemed to be irrelevant and Dean had been guilty of doing just the same when he failed to inform Cas about the marks return. He hadn’t realized it’s possible importance and neither had Cas. To put the blame solely on the Angels shoulders would be hypocritical.
“Cas kept you up all night?” Dean gave him the stink eye, but that only encouraged the younger Winchester to go that bit further. “Guess that's what you get when you have a boyfriend who doesn’t need to sleep.”
The cashier sniggered awkwardly, the side glances increasing. Dean stared at him, unblinking, giving his best ‘I’m not amused’ glare, maintaining eye contact until the giggles died abruptly and the guy’s face dropped. He nervously pointed out where the bathroom was.
Pregnant.
Any words.
That’s when a realization hits Dean, full force. The complete magnitude of the situation washing over him like a tsunami of ice cold water. It wasn’t simply a pregnancy, he wasn’t just pregnant. It wasn’t just something he hadn’t expected or agreed to.
“’m gonna kill ‘im.”
Giving his brother's shoulder a firm pat, Sam pulled back out of their hug and took in the sight of him that his shock hadn't allowed him to fully register before. Glancing back and forth between his brother and the Angel, he noticed their mutual rumpled hair, swollen lips and disheveled clothing... and the blush that had taken over Dean's whole face, neck and ears, as well as his 'hand caught in the cookie jar' wide-eyed expression.
“Dean,” Cas started to argue, but Dean wasn’t finished.
Sam’s pursuit for manpower may be time consuming, but at least it was starting to wield results, albeit slowly, Castiel’s search on the other hand had been infuriatingly tedious and strewn with deadends. Ways to get an angel through a warding that was specifically designed to keep them out seemed to be rarer than a demon in Heaven. Those that would work for an unborn nephilim also were rarer still, but Castiel soldiered on through his seemingly fruitless searching. He only needed one.
Both wished they were shocked by the revelation, but neither were. The British Men of Letters intolerance to anything that didn’t fit their superficial ideals was starting to show very clearly more recently. Maybe it had always been there just hidden below the surface. Now it was too obvious to deny. The British counterparts of the men and women that build their home, Sam and Dean's ancestor, could be so narrow-mindedly hate driven. To them any being that didn’t fit their ideals were bad and needed to be killed, with no exceptions. Even those that had turned, yet maintained their human nature, like Garth and his werewolf family, were still placed in the monster category.
Keeping his eyes fixed on Cas’, Dean lowered to his knees, parting Cas’ legs to slide in between them. The Angel watched him intently as Dean pressed a first kiss to his inner thigh, inching upwards with each press of his lips until he reached his goal. Flattening his tongue Dean drew a drawn out swipe up Cas’ speedily growing erection.
He kept his eyes closed, as the buzzing echoed loudly through the car, and wished that Sam would just hurry up and answer it already, before his concentration was completely broken.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck to dispel his frustration, wondering if it was like sleepwalking where it was dangerous to shock them awake. Would it be better to argue and try to convince Cas to wake now with him or to play along with whatever Cas was doing. The Angel had never been easy to talk out of whatever plan he’d had in the past. Once the stubborn son of a bitch was sure that what he was doing was the right thing there was simply no changing his mind.
“My powers, something’s blocking them.” Cas explained as Dean took his place by his brother. He didn’t have time to question it now, Sam was bleeding out. Badly. That wound needed tending to, and quickly. He could deal with what was wrong with his Angel once Sam’s life wasn’t in jeopardy.
Sorry for the delay. Working out the specifics of the nest and fledglings and making sure neither contradicted any canon lore proved problematic. But it was something that I really wanted to include in the story and I hoped I managed it okay. Fluff isn't my strong suit.
“You saw that?” Dean asked quickly. He knew Cas had seen his pregnancy just by touching Dean’s forehead to heal him, but he had assumed that had been the extent of it, because the Angel hadn’t seen anything before that moment. To see a growth rate, showed Cas had seen more than a pregnancy. He had seen the Nephilim. “But you couldn’t tell before?”
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
“Hello, Dean.”
Sam sat in the front seat of the Impala and tried to figure out what the hell he would tell Jess to convince her to leave town with them without freaking her completely out.  He wasn’t coming up with much, and panic was twisting his chest into knots.
"You know," Jo finally broke it and he could already hear the smile in her words without seeing it growing on her face (despite her mediocre efforts to hold it back).
Other than the location of the room, which would not be an exaggeration, but a fact. Humans did not make sense. Another fact.
,' he remembered telling Dean, way back when in the safety of the Impala with that gun sitting in his lap and a distant future of bloodshed too unbelievable to imagine.
. (Maybe she, uh, was getting a little
The look she leveled his way was an insulted one, and he showed off his pearly whites in response.
magic – but still very possible. And they already knew Azazel's girl wasn't a demon, assuming she'd been the one to break into the Impala (which they didn't actually know for sure, but Sam had a feeling he wasn't so willing to dismiss).
"Don't."
Andy thought as he took in Dean's clear distress between bouts of congratulations and patting himself on the back.
"Yeah, sure you are." If they'd had the Colt, Dean would have shot her right between the eyes.
Do not pass Go, do not collect 200 ways to avert the Apocalypse.
Tom blinked. What? But…that made no sense. Sam Winchester had always been his father's favored special child. The one to beat. The rumored General to lead Hell in the upcoming battle, as preposterous as that may sound to any demon.
"Sounds like solid recon," Sam responded with an encouraging smile, clearly having noticed the same thing as Dean. Jo was too hard on herself, thought she had too much to prove, and was going to get herself killed trying to do it. "Let's get inside, see what we can find together."
-o-o-o-
The Master Sarge's eyes grew dark at the accusation he didn't fully understand but heard regardless. He drew to his full height, which was a couple inches short of the Winchester man, but he didn't let that stop him from being an intimidating sight himself. "I didn't hear any damn message, and even if I had, I wouldn'ta listened to it!"
They could probably skip the salt-'n-burn, too, Sam thought, as he glanced back towards where the body was still in the wall. Claire had found her own peace, and her remains would be paramount evidence in the case against the deceased dirty cop.
Her eyes were glowing a brilliant, unnatural green.
"Of course." She disappeared with the faint sound of a wingbeat. It took Sam a second to spot where she reappeared, outside of the car and about twenty feet away. Like a woman in a suit and trench coat (in the middle of summer) standing stiff and utterly unmoving in the middle of a parking lot, trying not to pay attention to the car with her charges in it wasn't awkward and noticeable as hell. The younger Winchester wondered how long it would take before people started steering clear.
John Winchester stood in the middle of a small room, space carved by the layout of the old metal cylinders and pipes and control panels. Sam swallowed heavily, taking a step forwards, only to pause at the look on his father's face.
"Shut your pie hole. You'll hurt Baby's feelings."
Her sidelong glance, endlessly amused with that same eyebrow still raised, made him grumble all the more. Alright, fine, he wouldn't have run but he might have…snuck away. Awesome. So he'd be a sneak over a coward. Fan-freaking-tastic.
"You don't have powers?" His question back at Scott silenced him immediately. The poor kid shriveled up like a raisin, mouth pinched so tight it practically puckered. Andy almost felt bad about it. He was clearly pretty troubled, and Andy wondered what his powers were that he was so damn nervous to even admit he had them.
? Andy swung his arm up to try and land a hit to the man towering above him, but Jonathon was built like a brick shithouse, and nothing was lessening the insane grip.
hard not to think about it.
"Okay," Dean said, but in that quiet sort of way that Sam knew was still full of doubt. His brother didn't truly believe him, but it was a problem for later. The hunter gathered Cas in his arms again and Sam helped haul her to her feet. "We gotta get out of here. Where's Andy?"
The demon enjoyed himself a moment longer before simmering down. He regarded Sammy calmly. The young hunter still held the gun tightly to his head, almost nervously now. Azazel's smile smoothed out and he glanced past the staunch boy to the brother on the floor, shielded protectively – uselessly – by his father. The kid was getting a bit low on blood, the demon noted, and that chunk of grace in his chest didn't seem to be doing him any favors in the healing department.
It was the demon in charge, popping her lips in success, who answered coolly, "Just a little cocktail. Something we're trying out."
Dean groaned against the cool porcelain of the toilet, letting his sweat-slicked forehead soak up the chill. Just another minute. Another minute and he would get up and face the reality of being a rapist who had re-occurring wet dreams of the guy he fucking assaulted. Right now, the toilet was a damn better friend than he was, and he needed its comfort.
"I want you," was the second thing to leave his mouth, and Dean immediately blinked at the ridiculous confession. There were absolutely better ways of telling Cas he wanted him around. Ways that didn't sound like he was a misleading, mother-effing,
. Again.
The angel exhaled, the sound husky, and heat stirred in Dean's belly. "I have heard that it is human nature to explore new territory
As they drove away, they were careful to make sure they weren't being followed.
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
“Grab her!” Dean hissed at his brother with a frantic head gesture at the ailing Meg Masters, even as he clawed his way out of the booth.  Sam, who had been justifiably taking a moment to gather himself, pushed at the stunned, confused woman even as Dean pulled at her from the other side.
Sam got his own flashlight on and pointed it at the paper. He squinted at the eleven letters repeated, over and over again, no spaces. It filled the whole page. Sam frowned. "Dana Shulps?"
was the one to finally call quits on that line of thinking, but that's just what he was going to do.
She stared at each of them, then back to Dean, who looked like the bearer of bad news if bad news was the end of the world. He met her gaze briefly and it was all Jo could do to blink and form words of any sort at all.
The 'rest of it' being Sam very nearly drinking demon blood voluntarily to save his family (
Castiel packaged all of that up into a small box and shoved it deep, deep down in heart and mind. Right this moment such things were a danger and a distraction, neither of which he had the bandwidth for. The whole thing had unlikely been by Dean's choice, either.
and Dean took his cue to leave when both of them chucked their pillows at his head.
"What?" Cas blinked in surprise and it was clear she didn't understand what he was getting at.
Despite his best attempts not to, it wasn't all that long before Andy was asleep on his single queen mattress in a rundown motel that hadn't seen renovation since it was built in the sixties. He hadn't meant to sleep, desperately wanted not to, and had been avoiding it for well beyond his limit, now. Honestly, he hadn't thought sleep would even come, not without a little help from Mary Jane. He hadn't slept without her assistance since he was a tweener. As it turned out, though, a near forty-eight hours of no sleep on top emotional trauma the likes he'd never experienced before was, apparently, where his body drew the line, with or without MJ.
Sam's brow cinched together. "What do you mean?"
“What do you mean ‘not good’?” the older Winchester asked tightly, clenching his fists at his side to keep himself from throwing a punch at the guy who was only doing his job.  “What does that even mean?”
Still eyeing the empty woods around him,
Due to the coils of his brother's grace firmly wrapped around him, binding his grace as surely as they bound his physical form, Castiel could do nothing but wait to find out.
(It was at this point that Chuck reminded himself that he was a penguin. Penguins didn't have to be brave. Lone wolves had to be brave, but not penguins. Penguins had packs. Of course, Chuck didn't have a pack, so this analogy was quickly losing all steam and confidence. Herds? Did penguins have packs or herds? Gaggles? His fingers itched and the writer was halfway to turning back to the computer to Google-)
"Aw, man," Andy shuddered. "You mean I coulda stayed tied up in my nice cozy medical-tube prison and been fine?"
One little text with a picture of one of their kind dead, head rolling, and the whole rest of the nest came calling for revenge.  Not that they ever got it.
"The gate has been forced open," one of the guards replied, deep voice like unmovable stone in the large expanse that stood before the gate. "Heaven is now on lockdown. None may leave."
The frown was almost cute on her round face, especially with the cynical look that said '
"I know how close you were with your dad-" Ellen started, but Dean cut her off before she could continue on that topic, which was still a no-go even ten years later.
One day, Dean was gonna show the bunker to his kid brother. Soon as that key showed up this end of Henry Winchester's trip through the time closet, he was taking Sammy to the Batcave, man. Just…Dean sighed as he did the math. Six more years. Just six more years and they could go
“She’s not.”
"The only doors I can find are locked and I bounced a fucking
If God commanded the Apocalypse now, what was Castiel to obey? He could not do both. He could not love and destroy. One command or the other, he would disobey.
Dean had given Sam the complete low-down on vamps, from their second set of teeth to the necessary decapitation to get the job done. Even told him a logging saw or barbed wire could do in a pinch, and the face his brother pulled at those little details served as a reminder to Dean that ten years was a long time, and this wasn't his apocalypse-grizzled brother he was talking to.
"What matters now," Dean emphasized with a glare to all occupants, since they were all pissing him off considering it was because of them he was here having this wonderful little chat that was going so damn well, "is the apocalypse."
Then there was the kid that had shown up in Dean’s dream.  A young boy that had made his brother look heart broken, yet happy enough to cry.  Sam had suspicions on who that boy must be, but it didn’t make sense.  The woman had been older too, far older than his twenty-seven year old brother, and Dean had never been much for older woman.
Ha!  Sammy thought he could trip him up, but Dean was on his game today.  Now he had a
-o-o-o-
"Alright, tell me about this hunt we're walking into," Dean said from the driver's seat, hand digging around in a bag of Doritos placed between the two. No reason not to pick up some road-tripping supplies when stopping to plant a tracker on some poor, unsuspecting trucker. They were on their way to Guthrie now, hopefully without a demonic tail, where a line-up of apparent suicides had the local newspapers speculating the crap out of conspiracy theories.
“Yeah!” Dean said with maybe a little too much enthusiasm.  Because trying to find that asshole through the school website had been a
“You’re
, and the smell of iron and need filled the room until Sam was gagging from it. After that, he let Azazel taunt him all he wanted with that jar, just so long as the blood stayed inside those glass walls.
Dean really hadn't been okay with any of this for the entire two day drive. Sam was expecting him to eventually collapse into the grumbling older brother who didn't like it but was going along with it because he couldn't stop Sammy from doing it. And hell if his baby brother was going alone. But Dean never made it to that stage, and Sam hadn't ever seen him quite like this. Not much scared his big brother. Sure, the idea of losing Sam, the way they lost John, even losing Jo or Cas; those were the sorts of things that scared Dean. Intangible things beyond his control.
"Alright, lover boy, that's enough. You did well, stud, but now it's my turn."
Crowley scowled down at his glass.  “And if the angels
"He's still going to get himself killed, Dean," his brother argued back, practically hissing it. They both glanced Ronald's way. The man who was not-so-subtly trying to listen in very abruptly turned and studied the article-covered wall. Sam closed his eyes, and Dean knew he was doing everything in his power to remain the adult in this conversation. Sucked to be him. "Only this time,
Furthering the grief eddying through his conscience were thoughts a young woman, blonde and fierce and foul-tempered, but Dean's emotions towards those memories were fond and proud. This was clearly Claire, aged to the time that Dean had been sent back from, and he obviously held some parental love for this child. That relationship would not exist if James Novak were returned to his family. Still, Dean asked (no,
Jess had stubbornly helped out, despite Sam’s insistence that she should be inside in the panic room and definitely
"Okay, here's my profile of you: you watch too much television."
-o-o-o-
(What was the line? Dying's easy, living's harder?)
,' Andy thought in response to that cold metal touch, really far too rational for everything else his body was screaming. '
The two men stood guard by the clinic's front windows, peaking through the blinds and aimlessly pacing the empty lobby in an excruciatingly tense and unpleasant hour. Between the threat outside and Sarge given him the distrusting, angry side-eye every six and a half minutes on the dot, the night wasn't exactly off to a great start.
Andy's bandaged fingers curled ever so slightly into the blanket spread over his legs. It was the only outward tell of his sudden discomfort, because he knew where this conversation was going. He was surprised one of them had waited this long to bring up that little ability he'd managed. Gently, having finally
"What's a spock?"
Angela didn't pay the fluctuating feeling much mind. Ten days of paradise with the love of her life wasn't the worst thing to have on repeat, if that was, in fact, what was happening. She was pretty sure it was.
"Sister-goddess to Anat," Castiel supplied, realizing now how much of a trap this truly was. His voice remained steady and unchanging, though unease curled in his gut. His captor's identity explained the look of his hunter: Dean's glazed eyes, pale and clammy skin. Like her sister, this was also a goddess of desire and secrets, one who could clearly snare men in the power of her enchantments. And given her state of undress and that damn dreamy smile on Dean's face, Castiel had little doubt how exactly it was she had ensnared him.
"Attention citizens-" Andy oofed into the microphone as Dean elbowed him. "Attention town-folk."
Dean finally stopped what he was doing and straightened up with a look that said he was approaching his own limit of crap he could handle in one day.  “Come off it, Sammy-
John turned back to the other two occupants of the cabin. The yellow eyed bastard stood beside his eldest, who was slouched against the wall looking for all the world like it was the only thing holding him up. The old hunter grit his teeth at the sight of his boy.
Castiel straightened at the approval, turning to Sam. "God once commanded the angels to shepherd humans and be their guide in all things. Even with Heaven's gates shut, his command has not changed."
“What do you mean, you need a minute?  That woman might be in danger, Dean.  I mean, this might be the Yellow Eyed Demon, the thing that killed mom!”
“No, Sammy.”  John was staring at him with a mix of emotions darting across his face.  “This is our house.”
"Pete!" The lady cop's voice was practically a shriek in the room, and it stilled the murderous detective for a single moment. Dean could feel the hands fist and un-fist in the stupid B.P.D. sweatshirt Detective Ballard had given him at the start of this nightmare.
Oh boy, here we go! Solid T rating for this chapter due to graphic descriptions of violence, gore, and death. Get ready for that cliffhanger, ladies and gents :D
"I'll send them her way."
He'd been planning on something of that nature for a couple weeks now, and the lack of intended prey meant a perfect opportunity to not waste an opportunity. The right guy stabbed in a parking lot here, the proper phone call there, and the Winchesters were sure to get word of a case in Indiana. Those boys had their Roadhouse connections and Gordon had his. It wasn't hard to get someone to call Bobby Singer with a hunt that needed hunting, and everyone knew who his go-to boys were.
“The Winchesters have gone off grid,” the farmer was saying to the little girl.  She had a pretty little frown on her small face.  “We’re searching for them, but they’re hunters.  They know how to hide.”
since it really wasn't the angel he'd been seeing. Nope, he'd been seeing Angela Garret. Definitely just angela, not the angel. At. All.
"Henrisken. Victor Henriksen, FBI agent, all around pain in the ass and…somewhat decent guy when he's not trying to drag us to federal prison."
"He was still our dad," Sam offered quietly, understanding completely. He was probably one of the few people on the planet who could almost always understand his brother, no matter the timeline.
“You’re going to call dear Daddy, and make him tell you where he is.”
It had been two weeks since their second…incident with the sex goddesses (and damn, but that wasn't even fun to say anymore. Now it was just nausea-inducing). Over that time, the memories-turned-nightmares plaguing Dean slowly shifted focus from Astarte to Cas. The first few were straight up nightmares. Astarte commanding him to kill Cas with the angel blade (and he did). Astarte setting Cas aflame with the holy oil Dean had gotten from the trunk of the impala and poured himself (he just watched once the fire took, dopy smile right smack dab on his face the whole fuckin time as his best friend screamed and burned).
Jo just stared, realization slowly kicking in that he looked anything but joking. She dropped her arms. "Bullshit."
Although, as soon as the words were out of his mouth, he realized how unrealistic that alternative was and sighed in tandem with Cas.
. The itch beneath his skin grew like a flurry of bees, but Sam did his best to ignore it. He would not kill Gordon Walker. Not with those powers, not with the man's own gun. He wouldn't. "And I'm going to prove it to you."
Still, the brothers stayed at the hospital throughout the day. Neither had wanted Andy to wake up alone, in case he did wake up. The kid drifted in and out on occasion, but the morphine kept him pretty out of it and he usually succumbed to the next round of sleep without much fight. The nurses kicked the brothers out at the end of visiting hours, Sam writing another note for Andy and putting his phone back in his limp hand. Then the brothers headed out for some sleep of their own. They had to find another hotel, this one a bit further from the hospital, which left Dean twitchy for multiple reasons. Their sleep was significantly less restful than Andy's drug-induced haze, which both Winchester's probably could have used, but it was sleep, at least.
"Humans move, Cassie. It's kind of their thing."
Inner Dean muttered deep within his own mind.  Aloud, he rebuked more caustically than necessary and rolled his eyes.  “Secret, Sam.  It won’t be much of one if you keep asking.”
This time the sound Dean made was deeper, more upset, as he muttered Cas's name and pinched his brow.
(See the end of the chapter for
"The coolant system on a nuclear plant blowing out." Or a damaged bullet blocking the barrel. Yeah, Dean got the image. However grace seemed to work, it was required for all the 'systems' to function. Same as any machine, organic or not. The more systems bowing out, unable to get a supply of what was needed, the faster the bigger picture shut down. Cue meltdown or explosion or death, etcetera, etcetera.
There was something about these 'croats' that had Dean pretty shaken up and he wouldn't really talk about it. So far, despite all the information he'd given them about the event itself, he'd only said the creatures were bad mothers: quick to spread, difficult to kill, and the version of the virus waiting for them in Rivergrove, Oregon was difficult to spot in innocents until they turned on you. Sulfur in the blood was the only way they'd figured last time, and the incubation period could take hours.
"What?"
Not three seconds after the last of the apoplectic Dominion and his men finally vanished from sight, Castiel's legs buckled beneath him and he caught himself heavily on the table. Malachi was by his side in four concise strides, easing Castiel off of the cluttered surface, scrolls and parchment now a bit haphazard, and into a nearby chair. The Power was shaking, the last of the strength Uriel had lent him long gone, along with all the saturation to his grace.
Silence fell on them once more, this time so thick that it slowed time and blocked all other sounds. No more water, no more bird song or breeze through the trees. Just Dean, staring at his little brother with incredulous, wrecked eyes.
"So we have till May?" Ellen leaned back in her chair at the natural pause, the shift and slowing, of a ridiculously tense conversation.
"Damnit, Cas, not when you
starting to think creatively. It'll cost us the one advantage we have in all this mess."
"No, you are not." Rachel shook her head and crossed her arms, weight shifting to one hip in clear protest. She might as well have been physically putting her foot down. "Heaven is no place for a living, breathing human. You will be a beacon of attention on a mission that can only succeed if we remain undetected."
-o-o-o-
Sam let the words sink in. Andy started at his curled hands, then blinked and looked up with a frown, staring at Sam until he got it. Fingers crept up towards his neck, and the younger Winchester nodded.
"If I stay dead, then yeah, I'll go with you." He shrugged carelessly, but he could tell by the sharpness in her eyes and the fractional relaxing of her shoulders that she finally believed him. "Just don't get your hopes up. Death doesn't really stick around me."
And that was it. That was the last memory he had.
The static buzzed again, speakers crackling and Baby's frame humming with it. It was a long enough hum this time to be completely confusing as an answer. Dean frowned, racking his brain for a way to communicate with an un-vesseled, invisible, injured angel. Fun times, as always, in the Winchester household (carhold? They didn't actually have a house…)
Fuck it. Stupid-but-it-worked-out-in-the-end was kind of his thing. Coming to a decision with a flurry of silent motion, the hunter climbed off the bed, grabbing his shoes and pulling them on.
"Here."
"Be safe," he said, planting a brief kiss to the top of her head. She wrapped her arms around him shortly, and he could feel her grinning into his chest.
"No," Sam answered, voice clipped, but his shoulders sagged with a weight of a burden he had no interest in carrying alone. He just hadn't wanted the burden of sharing it, either. "But in the end it didn't matter."
“Just shut up and lift, Sammy. I’ve almost got it.”
“What?”
), Andy had been leaning towards dismissing the idea entirely. It wasn't worth it. Everything about his powers so far had led him to this. Sitting in a hospital bed, using crayons to color in a cartoon car, unable to speak because he'd gotten his throat slashed by a psycho. Andy knew it was probably PTSD and survivor's guilt talking, but he didn't feel like he had any right to just get over the fallout because he had super powers. Like there were, once more, no consequences for him. He couldn't do that when he knew it would cost other people their autonomy at least a couple of times as he figured it out. More so, Andy would be able to take that autonomy away completely, at anytime, to anyone, once he did figure it out.
Daaaang has it been a solid second since I updated this.  So sorry guys!  But I have AWESOME NEWS!  I am writing again!!!  It's still glacial compared to my previous writing schedule, but I have two whole chapters done!!!  [insert kermit dance here]  I'd really like to wait until I have at least 5 chapters built up before I start posting - and posting will probably be every two weeks for a while.  I don't have a lot of confidence the Muse won't dry up again or continue at this pace.  But I've got so many fingers crossed!  And I'll be doing my very best to get you guys this story back on a normal basis :)
Sam didn’t answer the older hunter.  His focus was solely on his brother as he stood from the cot.  “Dean, what Brady said about- about hurting Jess.”  He glanced down at the love of his life, who was watching him with wide, doe eyes.  He looked back at his brother.  “I’ve been dreaming about it.  For- for weeks.  Exactly as he…described.”
Dean looked up at the man, haloed by the sun as he always was when he first appeared by the hunter’s side.  Sometimes he wondered if Cas did it on purpose, or if that bit was all him.  Giving an angel a halo of light.
They ended up in the parking lot of a Starbucks. Dean went in to get the wifi password (had he mentioned he also missed the days where places no longer cared if you were a paying customer?) and was about to grumble out the most basic order he could think of in the frou frou coffee shop, when Andy bounced into the store behind him. He beamed at the lady on the other side of the counter, then tugged on Dean's elbow like a five year old getting their dad's attention. The hunter was, unsurprisingly, accosted by
"Stop Heaven." The answer came immediately, and Castiel closed his eyes against the truth of it. He was learning much about himself that he had chosen to ignore for so long. There was no point going back now. "If they are acting on their own, in the name of God but against His will, then they must be stopped. Thousands of innocents will die."
When Brady showed up at the off-campus bar, Dean was already waiting for him against the trunk of the Impala.  He hadn’t (wouldn’t?  How did tenses even work when you were from the future?) changed much in five years, and Dean instantly recognized him with his douchebag hair and rows of perfect punch-worthy teeth.
Next chapter will be up tomorrow! Awesome job, FF dot netters. Thank you all so so so so much for 2000 reviews! [blows big, dramatic, overrated-Hollywood-star-on-the-red-carpet kisses]
Silence
Dean forced a grin on his face to cover the way his stomach rolled. If the demons had orders to keep them alive – which was obvious given they'd been taken prisoner – then that could really only mean one thing.
When Dean didn't answer right away – that whole mouth-to-brain thing still putting up one hell of a fight – Sam continued. "I mean, yeah, it might actually help if you talk to me, so we can be on the same page..."
Meg heaved a sigh and launched into a tale of controlling parents with dreams for their child.  Dreams their child didn’t particularly want.  Sam could relate – he’d been in the same exact place four years ago.  Sitting in a bus stop with everything he owned in a bag, waiting for the ride that would take him away to college, away from a family that wanted everything he didn’t.
Dean straightened at Cas's unexpected rebuttal. The angel had done that thing where he turned inward, gaze not focused on anything and eyes just a little glazed over with
Dean rolled his head, but squeezed Andy's shoulder again. Message received. He dug into his coat pocket, pulling out the same hex bag they'd kept on Andy when he'd been in the hospital. He tossed it to the kid, watching him catch it clumsily with bandaged hands.
to concentrate on one over the other, particularly when Andy's were so persistent.
Sam frowned at that, curious brow puzzled atop his intelligent brown eyes. "We need to make it look like an accident?"
"It's, uh… I know it's fucked up, and you should probably say no, because I'm only gonna fuck it up worse but… it's not, it's not a joke." He struggled to meet Cas's eyes again, internally snapping at himself to man the fuck up. "I…I want- um, I think I want you."
"Oh, man!" Dean lit up like the vacancy sign at a haunted hotel. "It was awesome. She lies like a Vulcan now! You shoulda seen her, man. A natural. And I got her to watch
How they were going to get her upstairs while maintaining CPR, Sam didn't know. They might have no choice but to stop and make the climb with Angela's heart and lungs utterly still. His mind, composed on the outside and panicking internally, battled between how long they'd have without her breathing before a Reaper came calling, and whether or not Cas would be able to heal brain damage when she returned.
"You know, you're right, Sam, I could."
A fate that, if Cas had any influence in,
"Don't let an ass-backwards opinion of a bunch of winged dicks make you feel like crap, Sammy. That isn't you, you're not the 'boy with the demon blood'. You're Sam Friggin' Winchester, and none of this is your fault."
All in all, the police didn’t know what to make of it.  But official reports on the two were filed, though largely left blank, and tossed into a pile the Sacramento PD jokingly called ‘The Weird Ones’.
: Chuck's sharing State secrets, Persephone's reminded where her loyalties are supposed to lie, Dean's getting unhappy hunches, Sam's being stubborn but not altogether wrong, and poor Andy's just dragged along for the ride he can't bring himself to get off of.
"I know. I'm…sorry, for what happened."
"You want to just-" Dean had to cut himself off, seeing red. He spun away from his friend, running his hand through his hair and then doing it again when it didn't help any. This wasn't- this couldn't be happening. Cas wanted to give him an
"Uh…yeah." Dean cleared his throat, scratching just beneath his ear in nothing short of stalling while Sam, conveniently, decided he didn't want a part of this conversation after all. "Angels don't actually have a gender. They take on the, uh, appearance of whatever vessel they're using."
Sam huffed out most of a chuckle, having heard Dean's rendition of the last go around – including the two
the man who'd killed his brother.
He was beyond ready to waste this son of a bitch before he could run his mouth any more, but he needed to let it play out.  No way Sam would ever let it go if he didn’t learn all he could now.  The only chance Dean had of getting his brother to drop this whole thing was if he felt it was over.  Closure and all that crap.
, Bobby."
“Oh, I’m sorry, are you talking to me now?” Brady asked, revealing a mouth full of bloody teeth as he smiled.  “I hadn’t realized the
Duane's eyes dropped down to his leg, where his pants leg was ripped clean through and he had a good two, three inch cut along his shin. A little frown pulled at his brow but the kid didn't look very worried about it. "I was running. I…I saw Roger McGill being dragged out of his house by people we know! They started cutting him with knives! So I ran. I…must have tripped."
"I lost track of you," Uriel began, thankfully unaware or blessedly unwilling to mention Castiel's roiling feelings, blatantly spread across his very being.
He wondered when this Cas (Lady Cas (no,
Crowley popped back into existence in the center of the crossroads without so much as a confetti bomb.  By his side was Azazel, wrapped in the body that Dean would kill him in.
The boys have just returned to Bobby's from two days in Lafayette, Indiana where Gordon Walker set a trap for them. He took out Dean, who ended up in Heaven and decided to look for Cas in the process, and tried to take out Sam who wasn't so easy to kill. Dean found Cas, but not time to save him from Uriel's betrayal. Cas managed to best his brother in battle, but was still quite injured from Azazel's trap in Rivergrove and needed a healing trance to finish his recovery. Before entering the trance with the assistance of Chest!Cas, Castiel offered to bring Dean into his own head so he could speak with his sternum-riding friend.
Sam rolled his eyes again, folding the paper back up and tucking it into the front pocket of his jeans.  He couldn’t bring himself to get rid of it yet.  Something about throwing it away just didn’t sit well with him.  Like he was throwing her away.  “Do you know anything about her?  What happens to her?”
Dean leaned over his brother's shoulder again – already knowing he shouldn't, brain yelling at him not to, but curiosity was a bitch – and made another gagging sound at the picture on the kid's screen, a report next to it. "Jesus. You were eating looking at that?!"
and didn’t tell me?”
did his brother end up in Hell in the first place? With what Dean had told him so far, it just didn't make sense. Heaven needed him as a weapon. Had Hell dragged him under to keep him out of the angel's reach? And where had Sam been when this was going down? "I thought you said Heaven and Hell needed us. Why would they let you die?"
Something about that seemed…off to Bobby. Demons weren't known for entering dreams. At least, none that he'd ever heard. But then again, given the shit Sam and Dean were currently swimming through, what did he know?
Despite the obvious attraction between them, though, it had just never…triggered. Never lined up right. Dean had deeply rooted affection for Jo, there was no denying that. It was a love of sorts, for sure, but not the kind that evolved into more. They'd sort of tried, on occasion, but they misfired every time, on or both of them. Always the wrong place, wrong time.
John was lying on the cot along the circular wall of the iron-cased panic room. He didn't look so bad, and could almost pass for asleep if it wasn't for the tight pinch in his brow and the way his hands twitched along the stiff mattress.
"Probably tomorrow at the earliest, Boss."
His friend gestured almost offhandedly at himself, like he was nothing but an afterthought and Dean felt his blood boil. Not just at his friend casually referring to himself as a- a- what? A shadow? The human was freakin' sick of hearing people call the angel that. But also, to hear Cas (
"Damnit," Dean swore, but he didn't stop to think about what exactly he was gonna do. Instead, he straight up tackled the bulky beast of a man that was Uriel.
“Not just any gun, Sammy,” Dean said with a smirk that didn’t reach his eyes.  He tilted his head in half a nod as he corrected, “Sam.”
(for real this time)
Dr. Richards liked Agent Frehley. He seemed like a kind and caring young man who had a good head on his shoulders and a much more reasonable disposition than his older partner. However, this really wasn't a great time, and as their injured agent would be in the hospital for another two or three days at a minimum, Hank really didn't see why they needed to discuss it right that moment. Mrs. Dunn had three children all exhibiting the same rash in places children should not be getting poison ivy, even if they
"If it is, and the first stages of the End are in motion, why has Heaven not struck back?" Castiel leaned into his brother's peripheral and a sliver of color slithered across Uriel's grace. "Why are the gates still shut, Uriel? Why has the host not been dispatched to investigate amassing demons?"
You folks over on AO3 knocked it out of the park!  You were like, she wants comments?  FINE.  TAKE THEM ALL AND GIVE US OUR CHAPTER.  NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW.  Did I mention you all rock?  I think I might have said something... it wasn't loud enough though.  Not by far.
The man from the future stared at the little horned head and sightless eyes perfectly propped between a Black Sabbath shirt and his FBI badge.  Raising his head with a discretion that was wholly unnecessary, the hunter peaked between the raised trunk and windshield to stare at the back of his brother’s head.
Castiel's eyes flared angrily at the man – men – imprisoning him. The circle was wide, far larger than they should have made it, giving him the freedom to move without risk to his wings. A mistake they would regret, he would make sure of it as soon as he found the weakness in this entrapment.
Sam was under no illusion. The time would soon come when Dean would not be put off by his brother's calm and logic any longer. He would need action. Movement, however useless. An achievable goal with a strategy to get them to it.
Damn.  Dean had hoped Sammy wouldn’t notice.  He should have known better.  But the minute he’d seen in, that first night at Sam and Jess’s apartment….he hadn’t been able to stomach the sight of it.  Of what it represented.  Of the god it would never find, who didn’t give a crap when they tried.  The dead beat dad who abandoned his kids and called it a lesson
.  They summoned me by my bloody name!”  Crowley was spewing in his anger, red faced and hair out of place from constant tugging.  He had been pissed as soon as he and the barmy yellow eyed bastard returned to Hell.
Shit,
Dean chased after his brother, catching up so he could circle him for a once over and assess whether he was actually okay or not. Sure, the kid was upright, but it wouldn't be the first time Sammy had neglected medical treatment when his family was hurting far worse. Martyrdom ran thick in the Winchester blood.
"I don't-" Andy blinked, then closed his eyes and shook his head. "I don't have a brother."
There was another awkward pause as that troubled look worsened. When he spoke, he looked reluctant to do so, though his words reflected none of his obvious indecision. "They are discussing terminating your life support."
"Dude, what the hell?" Sam asked, following him to the car. "You're just going to take off? Dad's dead, we just
) on his brother, staring at him.  “What did you do?”
The giant snake chasing them let out a truly hair-raising hiss and Dean redoubled his efforts to not become snake chow. He would never again think Indiana Jones a wimp for his fear of snakes. Never. Again.
The interrogation room was cold, the chair was hard, the cuffs bit into his skin, and the stupid sweats
Of course, then three bodies would have been left to rot without so much as a proper burial – a regrettable fate for two of the three – and left alone, the situation was more than perfect for churning out vengeful spirits. Plus, Andy never would have known the fate of Scott or Amanda, something Dean was very sure would haunt the kid.
Sam bit at the inside of his cheek to keep the defensive look off his face. He wasn't entirely successful, so he leaned against the back wall, crossing his arms defensively and keeping his mouth sealed shut. He focused, instead, on the sharp gut instinct that told him she was lying her ass off right now. No way his brother would ever talk to a cop willingly, even the one from ten years in the future.
It made Dean grin like an idiot, which only got him a raised eyebrow and a caustic glance up and down his body. Jo looked utterly impressed, a hint of
which was really
Sam tried to invite himself to the Dean-Meets-Brady shindig no less than three times.  It got to the point where Dean finally told him to go get his own friend.  Sam made the ultimate bitchface at that and Jess dragged him off to go lick his wounds in the safety of their very demon-proofed apartment.
"What's that?" Diana asked, joining the boys as Sam turned the thing on and started a slow wave across the brick surface.
"Karen?" He spun at the top landing, but only one door on the second floor was closed. The bedroom door. Dean had made his excuses earlier to sneak through the house, a container of salt on him, and he'd made sure to get the windows in that room extra good. Now he could hear Karen's panicked voice coming from behind it, speaking to the police from the snippet he caught.
"Dean!" A weight crashed into his legs and side, and he automatically brought his hand down to rest on Ben's head, wrapping the kid in a hug with his other arm. The boy was grinning up at him with the 100-watt Winchester grin, even if they both knew it wasn't his name. "You came back!"
"Damn straight." Dean took a sip of his beer with a reassuring nod, hiding the tease of a smirk crossing his face.
"Are you alright, Sam?" The angel was staring at him in that soul-piercing way, and given what Dean had told him, Cas probably was staring at his soul.
"That is two words," Castiel countered as he returned his senses to the environment around them, deciding Balthazar was once more being…well, Balthazar. He concentrated on the many souls residing in this building. Several of them were fading, which explained the reaper also patrolling the floors. He did not, however, find the one he was looking for.
"They'll be here in an hour or two," Bobby picked up the stream of conversation since it had died off. He handed the last of the groceries to Andy to put away, folding the bag up all neatly and sliding it under the sink. Too neatly. Dean's eyed the three of them suspiciously. "Asa says he owes you boys a drink, so he's bringing the beer and we're providing the grub."
"Whoa, sorry, there," the man – middle-aged, Caucasian, wearing a pair of running pants and a wind breaker – said as he righted the last of the movement of Sam's cart with a tight grip to the metal grating.
Sam was still choking back a laugh by the time they made it to the Impala and he had three new bruises from Dean's sharp elbow straight to his ribs.
Now Sam blinked a couple of times, trying to put the images together into something that made any sort of sense. Andy hadn't really mastered that part of this new power yet. His choice of pictures could be somewhat questionable, the images weren't always in a sensible order – often with multiple pictures coming through for the same concept, sometimes unintentionally – and the occasional visual word interspersed in between when Andy failed to form a picture for certain concepts. Those images were usually of other visual aids, like commercials from TV, billboards and others ads. Or, that one time, Sesame Street.
Now it’s my turn to make a face.
At this point, Dean has lost all sense of the world. Just like Cas said, all he knows in the universe right now is Castiel. His clever, wonderful, terribly hot Castiel. Lost in the fantasy Cas is spinning and the continual tugging on his dick, Dean has no space in his head for anything else. And Cas just asked him a question. He doesn’t remember what the question was, but his answer will always be-
Dean though,
I hadn’t had much time alone since I woke up. After what Gabriel said, there was nothing to distract me from thinking about all the things I didn’t want to think about. Things about my future, which seemed more disappointing with every new thought. What if I accepted Gabriel’s offer to live with him? He has a career and a life; he can’t stay home and literally wipe my ass all day and make sure I don’t accidentally kill myself on the stairs. I refuse to allow him to abandon his work, he loves his job.
Despite the way Uriel's grip tightened suggestively, Dean managed a grim smile. He was busy thanking John Winchester for years of leaving him on his own to fend for Sammy. It had taught Dean to develop certain…five-fingered talents he'd never forgotten (or stopped using, really).
me in the first place!"
This time Dean would make sure Andy stayed out of it. He'd already faced down his psychic battle and crawled out of it, barely alive and permanently maimed. He'd done enough. Been through enough. Dean wasn't letting anything more happen to him.
He was only the most researched expert on the supernatural this side of the Atlantic and Pacific.
to open Baby's back door as nothing more than a soul. He'd hauled Cas all the way over there, gone to prop the guy up against the rear tire well, only to have him go right through and take Dean down to the ground with him.
' part of the Latin inscription on the gun. Lucifer might be the devil himself, but he'd started out as an angel. Something that, in hindsight, they probably should have considered before marching into Carthage.
Crowley was speaking before the younger of the two
“Hey, uh, so,” Dean cleared his throat from the living room, which meant he had done something Sam wasn’t gonna like.  “This guy kept trying to message you like an hour ago.”
' being at the top of the list he discarded for the sake of moving this dandy little conversation along.
Dean had to physically bite down on his tongue to keep from answering, and he looked away petulantly, crossing his arms over his chest without realizing it only added to the pouting child look.
"You missed that whole 'pot calling the kettle black' comment a minute ago, didn't you?"
Dean, expecting
Sam was laughing.
Okay, okay. How to begin?
Dean straightened, composing himself with as much staunch strength as he could muster in a single stance. His hand stayed on the hilt of his knife. "Did you find Castiel?"
"He heal you?" Dean asked kind of cautiously, though it was obvious from the growing smile on his face that he already knew exactly what the angel had done.
, the human
"Because it's going to sound crazy," Dean continued, spreading his hands out in front of him on the bar. Sam came up beside him, now opening eyeing him with wariness – likely thinking he was about to drop the time traveling bomb – and Ellen just propped herself up on one arm, other hand securely at her hip in every mother's
she had to deal with now. How could it be right, that on top of the grief and misery and loneliness of losing your husband, you also had to deal with the paperwork, the finances, the people. Endless lines of people offering their well-intentioned but useless sympathy. And in front and behind them: the police, the insurers, the lawyers, the office realtors, the
This was a trick.  It had to be.
Shaking his head, he tried to wave Meg off, but then he was on the floor, his head
"You were having a nightmare," Sam offered when Andy's chest and stomach had stopped heaving.
For those who don't remember waaaay, way long ago when we introduced Persephone, Sam mentioned she had been angry in his vision about the loss of life in Gomorrah. At the time, Dean wondered why Azazel would go dig up 'some bleeding heart.' See
Wasn't that just the story of their lives lately, too.
-o-o-o-
"I was only able to absorb a fraction of the grace left within you. It contained information, not memories," he gave as an answer, eyes still a tad too unfocused to be entirely in the here and now. He seemed to be struggling with the words of a language he spoke fluently but not culturally. "My future self left…a note? Is that an accurate analogy?"
Clear, brown eyes flashed open suddenly, a brilliant brain flaring to life and drowning out the emotion. The buzz was gone, buried beneath a new roaring, a cry against logic and law and common fucking decency.
Sam and Dean flashed their FBI badges the minute the doctors and nurses starting asking questions. And boy, did they have a lot of questions. Luckily, the Winchesters didn't actually have a clue what happened to their friend, which made their declarations of confounded cluelessness (edging towards irritated cluelessness for one brother) very convincing.
Andy rolled his eyes and made the shooing gesture again. The first few nights had gone better than he'd thought they would. On their way to Bobby's, the Winchesters had stopped halfway between Sturgis and Sioux Falls to fill Andy's prescriptions, Dean purposefully driving an hour north of the shortest route in case the FBI could track that shit (which Sam said they probably could). Andy had expected a downgrade in painkillers, but Dr. Richards had not slacked off. Nope, he'd been in high heaven for six solid hours that first night. Sure, he had to sleep propped up as per Sam's home-care and out-patient packet, but with how fuzzy his mind and body had been once the meds kicked in, Andy hadn't even been all that bothered. It wasn't much of a change from the hospital, after all.
The wave of déjà vu all but stole his breath away. It was so damn strong it came with figgin' flashbacks this time. The hunter braced a hand against the porch wall as he lilted to the side. He had knelt beside this woman's corpse. Stared into her lifeless eyes. There was blood everywhere. Her throat was slashed, almost to the bone. Dean held her hand – no, not he her hand, her wrist. She was still warm. There were dual bands of ugly bruises layered on her skin, like shadows of restraints.
"Cas!" Dean started forward, rubbing at his throat and choking on the word as it battered it's way past a raw and damaged windpipe.
"I'm not saying we
"We've got some research you might be interested in," Dean answered, glancing at Sam to see his younger brother following along with ease considering they hadn't exactly talked about this before coming here (his bad, he'd work on that too).
"I'm here, brother," the spirit answered steadily, injecting more confidence and comfort than he felt into the words, even if Sammy couldn't hear them. Dean settled his own hands atop the wooden indicator.
else.
them. Yeah, Dean had ten years more experience and was a badass (translation: terrifying, borderline serial killer that Hell should be a lot more afraid of this time around, but, ya know,
of them," Sam emphasized snidely from the far side of the table, still glaring at Dean, who rolled his eyes (because of course he hadn't meant
Next chapter will be up tomorrow! CONGRATS!
capable on their own, they didn't need fancy powers, thank you very much.
until she was finally able to slow her breathing enough to work within the confines of her surroundings.
So Apologies again for the lengthy, uninformed delay. I think, in this case, it's safe to say: Shit happens. Hopefully the chapter was worth the wait!
-o-o-o-
, he found that he just couldn't. "Ellen, she's gonna go off on her own, either way. It'd be a hell of a lot safer to have a home to come back to, someone ready to patch her up."
The girl dropped her arms from her hips in alarm, all that attitude disappearing in a wave of mild fear. "How do you know where I'm from?"
It did not help the case when Andy sent several images, the first of Dean, the second of a kid wearing a dunce cap, and the third, probably what he'd been trying to send all along, was a composite image of the two; Dean sat on a stool, dunce cap on head, frowny face on full. But the image was fuzzy at the edges with an overall blurry quality, not nearly as clear as what had all previously been things he'd seen firsthand.
He let out another groan and slammed the lid of the laptop shut. He needed a drink.
"Infected?" Duane echoed with a new look of terror and confusion coming across his face. "Infected by what?"
) happening behind him).
for this one."
“Your powers – these visions.  They’re…God, Sam, you can’t- we can’t….” He made a frustrated noise at his ever-awesome powers of speech.  “Just promise me you won’t try that again.”
"I don't know. But I believe something similar occurred in that city lost to sin, where those filthy monkeys demanded to know us."
Andy had been surprisingly quiet on their trek into town, a worrying oddity that had the Winchesters exchanging more than the occasional glance. When they had finished concealing the Impala among the foliage on the side of the road, Dean suggested the kid stay with the car. And, as it was usually Sam making that particular concession, it was a big deal. He even tried for the angle of making sure they had a getaway vehicle warmed and ready to peel out of there. But Andy hadn't taken the bait. Honestly, Dean didn't even know why, anymore. Ever since Mississippi and the crossroads, he'd had a bad feeling in his gut that said to keep an eye on the kid. Dean was starting to worry that Andy's continued participation was more of a death wish than a sense of duty or even curiosity.
Silence settled in the car like sludge and Dean wrung the wheel again and again until the leather started creaking beneath his grip.
Sam and Bobby exchanged alarmed expressions. Dean hadn't mentioned
"Jo!"
"Jonathon."
Gordon charged, a basic wariness of the unknown driving him into action (was it possible Sam Winchester had a trick up his sleeve after all?). Sam blocked his first punch, not even using the knife clenched in his hand. Gordon didn't have a chance to land a second hit or Sam to block it before there was a displacement of air, a sound like wingbeats, and then two more bodies joined the fray.
“It wasn’t out, it was in my bag,” the giant answered without missing a beat, pointing to the go-bag still sitting on the chair and looking more than a bit rummaged through.  “And it’s password protected, Dean.”
(Okay, knowing his brother like he did, Dean would manage to leave out a lot of that anyway.)
The ringing didn't stop, but it was like it skipped a beat on a record player. The sound picked up again, even louder, then faltered a second time. This time, it stayed a low background hum and Dean risked opening his eyes at the significant volume drop. The radio shut itself off, then suddenly the sound was swallowed up by a silence so complete it left Dean's ears still ringing from it. The hunter lowered his hands, shoulders still hunched up and starting to cramp.
Dean nodded, though they both knew that if Bobby Singer couldn't get his hands on something occult, the Winchesters sure weren't going to have any more luck.
"I had to talk to someone!"
There was a flash of the standard digital icon for e-mailing and texting, then a smiling shot (like a polaroid that moved along the edges; a not quite still photo, but the nanoseconds of captured time just before the picture was taken) of Sam, one of Andy himself curtesy of the reflection of the upstairs bathroom mirror, and a third of Bobby, definitely less than smiling and all grump and gruff.
"Son of a bitch!"
"The demons?"
All that had been missing was the hovering, over-protective, and more than slightly co-dependent helicopter parenting. Which was essentially what he spent weeks teasing her about afterward.
into the barn, using the Impala as a battering ram (and oh, Dean was gonna have words with his brother if he so much as scratched her paint job. They'd
The demon inhabiting Brady went kicking and screaming, but eventually collapsed in a choking, hacking explosion of black smoke.  The plume was dragged into the ground and sent, presumably, back to the pits of Hell.
The angel shook his head in response. "I know only of the one we used. Balthazar was the one who found it."
"We've gotta wake him up." Sam grabbed their dad's shoulders again, giving him a good shake even though he knew it was fruitless. "Before he tells the thing where we are."
Sam didn't bother returning the snark. That was exactly what Missouri had described, but it didn't make any sense. Why,
God, his chest
-o-o-o-
, evil,
"We can't always run."
"To the crows with you!" she hissed in Sumerian. Modern curses were still…unfamiliar on her tongue. Though there were several she was coming to like and needed to practice more.
"Okay," Sam breathed out, leaning back in his seat. "So we watch him, make sure he doesn't change skins again, then follow him home. Take him out there."
The hellhounds, the doc who'd put him to sleep so he could chat with Death, Metatron, even that shotgun to the chest before he'd wound up in Heaven. They had each come with pain of their own, but the unifying quality between all of them had been that gripping cold that came just before the end.
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
So he pushed off the wall and headed in the opposite direction.
Then everything would be normal and good and right in the world.
"Wrong tongue, Professor. Try again, and get it right this time, or you won't have one left after tonight," the yellow-eyed man bit out and Charles found himself shaking all on his own now, quite suddenly sure this thing, whatever he was, would follow through on that threat if he continued to do things incorrectly. Not that the professor knew what was correct here.
Sam nodded almost absently, still thinking back to his vision. But he'd been over it a dozen times, and the details were already starting to fade. He wasn't going to find any new clues there.
-o-o-o-
That had been
She glanced between the very dangerous thing standing feet from her and the sweet boy she’d come outside to get because she believed he deserved healing as much as she did.  “Sam-“
Whoever this lady was, she was good as dead in his book.
(And Dean's inner fanboy was
He managed not to slam the glass back down only for the reason that Sam was sleeping a few feet away and Bobby just upstairs. Instead, he let the thing slide across the wood with a satisfying, grated noise and rounded on Cas with his best I-Am-The-Righteous-Man-And-You-Will-Listen-To-Me face. "You
"Right, that, uh… that sounds… good." Chuck rubbed the back of his neck nervously. "So, um, you've read them, then?"
"How did you know it wasn't Dad?" Sam asked it on impulse, something desperate flaring in his chest. He needed to know. He needed to know the signs he had missed in his best friend for two whole years.
"Hang on, hang on," Sam muttered, trying to keep up with the taps and translate multiple words into a half-stringed sentence filled with short hand. "Okay, wait, Dean, he's not in the town. He's in the woods."
"Do you think Azazel's got him on the good stuff, yet?" The Tanner kid grinned toothily as Demon Hulk hauled the exhausted, bleeding hunter off the floor for the gazillionth time. He was set back on his feet with another punch to the head.
-o-o-o-
Diana's eyes hardened at the sight of her partner, her lover, hiding behind a kid. A good kid, it turned out, even if the detective had some suspicions about these boys' pasts.
have waited.
-o-o-o-
Stephanie turned away, likely to retreat back to her chair, but paused. She was rubbing the back of her hand absently, a silly little tingle spreading just beneath the skin there. Like a cool breeze. When she turned back to Chuck, there was a strange look on her face.
. And free will meant having a choice, having the option to say no.
Good god. He'd become a middle child.
"How did your brother get out? I have inspected the panic room myself. It is brilliantly constructed and could easily function as a prison. Withdrawal from demon blood as severe as these notes suggest would have left Sam disoriented, likely hallucinating and fevered. He couldn't have escaped on his own."
Sam glanced back at Azazel, then her. He must be seeing this through the demon's eyes, despite his very three dimensional presence in the room with them. Azazel could not see her face, and so Sam could not see her face. Or, so he guessed; he wasn't exactly an expert at vision walking. It would explain the weird, dulled lighting without a source. Demons probably had night vision.
maybe I should warn them I'm about to get
From the corner of the room where Castiel was re-stacking some of the unnamed boxes that Dean suspected would stay in the safety and comfort of the home, the angel piped in, "If Angela's body should pass and I am not present to revive her, I believe we will have more pressing concerns than disposing of her remains."
for a dream version of him, had been so…
. It hadn't taken much for his never-silent brain to supply that little tidbit, and Sam was ashamed of the all-gripping panic that had encased him at the thought of doing this alone.
She took another deep breath, trying to reign in the anger and futile frustration that had been building for days.
-o-o-o-
"Yeah, alright," the younger Winchester conceded, and that was that.
, the shit that had happened, the shit that might happen, and his job to tell his kid brother all of it. "It doesn't work. Turns out, there are five things that gun can't kill."
“Sam?”
without proper context).
The hopelessness was overwhelming: the defeat deafening. For the first time in all of this, since Dean had told him what was coming, Sam didn't see an outcome where they could win. He was going to fail, he wasn't strong enough, he had no way to resist, and there wasn't anything he or his brother could do to change that.
-o-o-o-
John relaxed slightly, a little bit of the tension in his form fading out as nothing else in the room moved.
Dean cracked that Winchester smile out again. Surprise he could work with. "You don't gotta believe it. Just call us in a couple of months when a kill clown case shows up on your doorstep."
Diana's frown became pinched. "What?"
Dean huffed something out that wasn't pretty, but thankfully it wasn't really audible either. Sam turned to tuck his elbow over the back of the seat and tried to offer a reassuring look. It wasn't all that reassuring.
“Do you really have wings, dude? And you didn’t lose them when you left Heaven?”
It's so obvious that older Dean is in love with him.
“Right,” Sam says. “I’m sorry, Dean. I know this is all difficult.”
Dean didn't pick the zoo just for Jack, though. He watches Cas too, the fondness for Jack's enthusiasm, but also the connection he clearly feels to the animals. Cas is the one who stops for a long time at the bison enclosure, and again at the wolves. Both times he eventually sighs and drags himself away, saying that they seem mostly content.
Cas, unbothered by nakedness in general, jabs a finger into Dean's shoulder. "Get up."
Dean looks at him, forces himself to make eye contact. His voice comes out a little gruffer than he means it to again. “I love you.”
"I hope not," Cas says. "We'll see."
“And if he can’t, or won’t, put me back?”
And with that, Cas turns right around and keeps walking.
Once or twice, when he was angry and bitter, he'd wondered if John hadn't known.
for food, for stability, for attention. He was so desperate, so needy.
Hank lets out a long, slow breath. “I can understand that it must feel like becoming attached to other people is a danger - to yourself or to them. But you said this person who was manipulating you, Chuck, is dead now, right?”
Dean can feel the heat rushing to his face. He looks down at the binder, fingers tapping nervously against the hard plastic. He hadn't really thought this through.
It has been pointed out that the new moon rises in the morning... Maybe someday I'll rewrite this to take place at dawn, but for now please just assume there's some magical reason for this taking place at nightfall.
Jack seems perplexed by the question, his eyebrows drawing together. “Dean likes to use the shooting range,” he says hesitantly, like he’s aware he might be answering the question wrong. “Or we sometimes go driving?”
, even if it's not exactly the same as a mission.
"You were so stupid," Dean says to the jacket, to the handprint. His eyes are full of tears and his voice is throaty, and this is why he couldn't have Sam here. He'd have to be someone else for Sam, have to be something at all, and alone he's just… this. Guilty and crying, broken and empty. His stomach is all jumbled up - it physically hurts all the way to his center. His goddamn bones ache with it. "I was… we were so stupid. I'm sorry, man. I'm sorry."
"Hey baby," he says. "Did you keep your uncle out of trouble while I was gone?"
Dean’s close enough to feel younger Dean’s breath on his face when younger Dean’s hand suddenly clamps around the back of his neck and drags him down.
Cas, for his part, just smiles into his own cup of coffee. He can see how tense Dean is, how even just this tiny act of rebellion against the norms he's been taught, against what is probably John Winchester's voice in his head, is making him even more defensive than usual. The next day, Cas sneaks into Dean's room while he's out and steals the shirt. It still smells like Dean. When he wears it around the bunker a few days later, Dean notices and smiles, and Cas thinks Dean understands why he took it, just like Cas understands why Dean wore it in the first place. They're having a conversation without speaking. Showing instead of telling.
Dean is afraid of what he might do if that happens.
“Thanks, Sammy,” Dean says, and means it.
"I'm sorry," Sam says. "I know it's a lot to handle all at once. It's…" he trails off. "Dad died about a year from where you were, back in 2006."
Dean can't stand that Cas is seeing this, is going to see Dean have sex with another man out of his own choice. He wonders what Cas thinks this is about, as his eighteen-year-old self makes out with the hunter. Dean sneaks a look at Cas, whose expression appears purposefully blank. He's pretty sure Cas is seeing Constantine the way that Dean had seen him, that he'll see the memory as it was through Dean's eyes and not Constantine's true face.
He sees Jack first, in a manner of speaking. Dean's taking a long drive when has the passing desire to get out and stretch his legs. A moment later he comes to a spot on the empty highway with a wide shoulder and just beyond the road a meadow so pretty it could make a man weep.
"What are you talking about, dude?! Human interest? Did you not see Batman's parents get murdered or Magneto hauled off to the concentration camps? Or what about
When Sam, with those puppy-dog eyes and that sad face that makes Dean desperate to fix things, tells him he’s thinking about Cas, about Jack, Dean lets out a breath he feels like he’s been holding for several miles of driving now.
Dean pulls out of the garage and takes them down the backroads, the sun flickering in and out of the gray clouds above them. Older Dean puts in a Phil Collins tape, which feels like an odd choice, but okay, and he doesn’t try to talk. He just looks out the passenger window, watching the fields and farmhouses go by.
And he does.
Sam shakes his head, his jaw clenched. "No. We can call Charlie if you want. But your self-sacrificing act out here is for nothing. We just need you and other you to lure Cerodicus in on the new moon, and I can perform the spell. No one dies."
Did something in Dean know, when he stabbed Cas in that barn so many years ago? Did some unconscious part of him tug at him to unfurl toward Cas like he was the sun, like he was a friend, a faith, a future?
"Dean." John is standing there with them when Mary lets go of Dean, pats him tenderly on the cheek and steps back with tears in her eyes.
It's an odd feeling, to be jealous of something he supposedly gets to have in the future, but Dean doesn't know how long he might be sticking around to enjoy this weird Full-House scenario or if anyone but Sam will actually give him the time of day here.
There's a moment of silence in which Dean realizes he's curled his good hand into a fist, nails digging into his own palm. When he makes himself let go, he finds his fingers are shaking.
Sam decides this is one of those things they do not have time for. "Okay… so your plan is to, what, play rustic baseball with a cursed arrow?"
“Uh,” Dean says. He knows fuck-all about trees and shit, outside of what he’s learned in the last few days and a couple of myths that came up now and again in local lore cases. “I’m sorry?”
“Well, yeah, on occasion. But they gotta learn about, like, restraint too.”
was coming out of the record player, the vinyl crackling with that low level of static, and Dean and Cas were in the middle of the living room slow-dancing.
“I think I just needed someone back then,” Dean says, and suddenly he’s back. He’s back in his body and he can taste iron in his mouth and he can feel the way his voice wants to break over the words. He can feel the way Sam is looking at him, all supportive brother and aching sympathy, and he can feel his gut all roiled up, his chest all cut up with guilt. “I think it might’ve… might’ve saved me if I just… if I just… And Cas could give him that, you know? So it’s like… it’s like figuring out maybe I did deserve good things in life back then and just trying to fix that for myself. One of us should get to be happy.”
Dean grins back at him, unfazed and downright impish. "Hey man, perks of the trade. Relax, I bought the bottle. Thought it'd be good to have on hand while we get through the last leg. You want?"
Has his soul always known Cas? Is this
“Yeah, I’ll bet you can, buddy. No more for you, okay?”
“Come on, man,” Sam had said when Dean voiced this opinion. “I love dad and Bobby, but I’m… I’m tired of being haunted by them like that. Yeah, I want to honor their memory, but I don’t want to name my son after another dead person. I don’t want that weight and legacy on him. Plus he’s Eileen’s son, too.”
"Gross. Don't be a dick." Dean nudges Sam's arm with his elbow, and it's half-hearted but he at least makes sure he gets the pointy bit. "He's just… it's fucking weird man. But he's falling for Cas, and Cas… I don't know. I'm not saying twenty-six year-old me is well-adjusted, but if he can have a less broken version of me, of this, then I…" Dean gestures helplessly. It's the most he's ever said about the matter to anyone besides Cas. Well, and his younger self, maybe. He's gone from violent denial to this soppy heartbroken idiot in record time. "I should let him. He deserves all kinds of crap that I can't give him. I mean, look at our lives. I'm never going to be anyone's boyfriend or whatever. I don't have it in me anymore, if I ever did. At least with younger me, he's not… there's a chance for him, I think. I think maybe if I'd had - if I'd known Cas back then… So I should let them try. I had to let him go."
"Cas - Castiel - is an angel."
"These Greek gods sure liked to fuck, huh?"
away.”
"Yeah," Dean said. "I probably should."
“Hey,” Dean said.
If you are interested in "the backfire effect," I strongly recommend this comic by The Oatmeal which explains it much better than me: https://theoatmeal.com/comics/believe
"That's what I was afraid of," Dean mutters, pressing his mouth to Cas' neck. "You never know when to stop talking."
Young Dean scrambles up too, tucking his gun carelessly into the back waistband of his sweatpants. He doesn't look sleepy anymore.
Cas shrugs. "I don't know. I suppose so. If we can't send him back, then it won't matter what he knows."
“I could have served another contract in the army, but I chose not to because I knew that if I did, I would burn out. And if I burned out, if I got sloppy and angry and careless, I would be a danger to myself and to others. Maybe I would have saved more people. I do think about that sometimes. It’s a noble intention, to want to do the greatest amount of good while you can. But, and I understand you may not be able to accept this right now, your life has meaning outside of what you do for others. You matter and you are allowed to rest. Now, if you truly want to go back into the life, of course we can talk about that. But what I hear from you is a struggle to accept that you are allowed to stop.”
“Which means,” Sam takes a breath, letting out just one iota of the stress he’s been carrying around on his shoulders out on his exhale. “That, in theory, if our binding spell works, the binding itself will repair the vase. Jack wouldn’t have to use his powers.”
That's all Dean wants, he realizes. He just wants Sam back. If he ever does get back to his timeline or whatever, he'll do whatever it takes to get Sam back in his life. And if he stays here… if he stays, he will just have to find a way to make himself indispensable, to convince this Sam that he's not just a carbon copy of the Dean he used to know. He can do that, he thinks. Sam already looks at him like he cares about him - which, honestly, is weird enough. Not that Sam hasn't always cared about Dean, it's just… Dean was the big brother. Looking out for Sammy was his job.
“Really?” It’s gratifying to hear the earnest uptick in Sam’s voice.
“If it helps at all, I started it,” Dean says hastily. Older Dean’s face has done this thing that he’s never seen his own face do, but that he recognizes all the same. It’s this way of shutting off, the way he knows he occasionally sinks down into himself. He knows what that means, what it feels like to be experiencing the world from so far away.
Dean rolls his eyes at Cas' utterly stoic, sad expression, and yanks open the third door, his palms sweaty.
Dean couldn’t help nuzzling back down into Cas’ chest, the warmth and sleepiness overtaking him. “Fine. Fuck you.”
do it, proving to himself and everyone else how smart he really was.
pickled anything, but one time all we had in the kitchen was some sweet pickled onions and some milk that was probably a week past its expiration date. And I thought 'hey, French onion soup is a thing.' Let me tell you, it did not increase Sam's willingness to eat pickled foods."
Dean's not gonna say it doesn't do something for his self-esteem, but… well.
They are saved from filling in the remaining decade - and from Dean get truly sloshed before 10:00 am - by Cas arriving in the doorway to the library. He hesitates there, looking between them.
Cas' fingers twitch between Dean's and Dean realizes he's digging his nails into the skin of Cas' knuckles.
"Cas, can you please hand me the holy water?"
“It was the last great period of the dinosaurs, you know. I don’t understand why modern artists insist on depicting the dinosaurs as scaled when they’ve known for years now that almost all of the species they’ve discovered had feathers. Plus they never take into account the different possibilities for fat deposits and musculature, so everything ends up in the shape of the skeletal structure, which isn’t a great tool for accuracy. I’ve always thought, personally, that chickens share a great deal in common with what you call a Tyrannosaurus-Rex.
Cas certainly didn't have a gender before he fell. Or, if he did, he had a gender like the Spanish word for "homework" has a gender - something purely linguistic. Or, maybe, it was purely theoretical - he had a gender in the way that light is both a particle and a wave. Or, perhaps, it was just that Cas had never thought much about it as a being of light perceived primarily by other beings of light.
“What? No. Of course not.” Dean is having a hard time staying present, even talking about his flashbacks in a vague way. He feels like he has to pull himself back into the room.
Dad had another
Cas only just made his body move in time, his initial reaction to freeze in confusion, because they didn't do this. Yes, the parking lot was nearly empty, and yes, they were all the way in New Mexico, but Dean only held his hand when they were well and truly alone, or he might squeeze his fingers briefly beneath a table. But certainly not in full daylight where there was every chance they would run in to other hikers.
Dean shakes his head, but he takes the cup as he pushes past Sam. "Not here," he says. He steps into the parking lot, and sure enough, there's Baby, looking at him accusingly. He bites back the impulse to apologize out loud to his car for leaving her behind, but only because Sam is there and as much as he loves the Impala, he's never truly appreciated her as a near-sentient being.
“Yeah, I guess.”
The Nicest Angel You Have - Lilo & Stitch
you."
"Alright, I hear you. Stow the Good Will Hunting crap, okay?"
The first two weeks on an antidepressant do nothing for Dean. He agreed to see the psychiatrist for the same reason he'd given in to therapy in the first place. That, and two days before his recent session with Hank, he'd had another nightmare and woken up on the floor.
I'm losing my goddamn mind over this show, which is a surprise, considering I hadn't watched it in years. I hope this helps in some small way. It helped me to cope.
"You watch your damn mouth, boy," John snarls, his voice raised now too. "I mean it."
wanted to know. Or maybe, he’d already known and just hadn’t wanted to know that he knew. Something convoluted like that.
"I grabbed it the last time we hit up a thrift shop. I just needed something new. Leave it, it won't kill you." Sam feels entirely neutral about the music, but it's his brotherly duty to extend anything that annoys Dean this much. Besides, even though the lyrics are sad, the tune is upbeat.
Dean is. And John has pointed it out plenty.
Dean shrugs. He’s always uncomfortable with that question. He’s a soldier, no question about it, and he’s fought in wars in service of his country and humanity, sure, but he doesn’t call himself a veteran, can’t bring himself to claim that identity. Not like John could.
Dean springs back from Cas, can feel his entire body flushing, but Sam is already standing and backing hastily out of the room.
He thinks
Eventually, Dean dragged himself up and gathered his clothes from the various directions they'd been thrown in. He ignored the feeling of Cas' eyes on him, self-conscious as he used his underwear to clean himself up before pulling his jeans on commando.
"I know," Sam says softly.
Hank settles back into his chair and taps his fingers against his knees a few times. “Why do you think it is dangerous for you to become attached to people?”
Dean turns the ring over in his fingers a few times. Miracle is already curled up on the bed, eyes half-lidded. In quick succession, Dean slips the ring onto his left hand, turns out the light and flops down on top of the covers. Like if he moves quick enough, his sensibility won’t catch up to what he’s doing.
Instead, Dean's eyes go to the bed, and…
God, he needs a drink.
Sam is pretty much okay with those changes. Or he's accepted them at least. He's not twenty-two anymore. He's not the person he was before he lost Jesse, before they lost dad, before he knew about the demon blood, before Dean went to Hell for him. He's not the person he was before Lilith. Before Lucifer. Before the cage.
Now-Dean is just trying to take it all in. The way the kids look at this version of him, hanging on his words. The food, the clothes, the prenatal vitamins, this ragtag bunch of kids…
Cas felt the little thrill he always felt whenever Dean said his name just to say it. They had done this before, but only as a part of preparation, not an act on its own. As always, Dean’s pleasure made Cas ache and throb for him, warmth curling in his chest and stomach, a warmth that was so human.
"I'm fine."
Ah. Um. Okay. So I had the best of intentions, as one does, and I was really trying to stick with three parts as promised, but it is taking longer than expected to give Dean Winchester some therapy/show a realistic path from Point A s15 to Point B fix-it headcanon. I've written a lot more than this - which, warning, this is an incredibly self-indulgent epilogue - and had planned to dump it all in one last chapter to keep it at three parts, but... I am assuming y'all won't kill me for a little additional content.
Sam skips over Dean's argument, pulling back to the heart of it too quickly for Dean's liking.
the right kind of music, so he’d stolen Sam’s laptop and switched the Fleetwood Mac over to his secret private Spotify playlist of boppy bluegrass.
Dean used to sing him to sleep. Sam never told Dean that he remembers this, but he can recall many nights curled up under the covers with Dean sitting on the edge of his bed singing Lynyrd Skynyrd’s “Simple Man.” It always made Sam feel watched over. Safe.
"Yeah." Dean's having a hard time swallowing again. Bobby has always been there, even when John wasn't. The idea that if he drove to Sioux Falls, Bobby wouldn't be there at  Singer Salvage Yard is impossible to internalize.
"Old woods communicate via mycorrhizal networks," Cas says as they walk. "A symbiotic relationship between the tree roots and a type of fungi. It allows them to send information and nutrients to each other, for a tax of their resources to the fungi, of course."
"What? Shit. You think Crowley took him from a multiverse?"
, Dean laughing so hard he nearly falls out of the parked car at an outlook somewhere in Colorado. He's there in the albums they've had sex to - unplanned soundtracks for the most part, just the music Dean puts on for background noise in his room where one thing leads to another. Cas has ruined Queen for him for life. He can't hear
"I probably shouldn't tell you," Sam says finally. "But I'm going to, because I don't want you to freak out if you realize it on your own, okay? And Dean should be the one to tell you, but if you ask him about it, he
So Jack went off to see the desert and the mountains in California, and Sam and Dean went to hunt a witch. They always seem to end up here, anyway.
“Thank you,” Cas said.
Dean has been in 2020 for almost two weeks when he comes back from a drive one day and pauses in the hallway at the sound of hushed, angry voices. When he peers around the corner that leads down to the gun range, he finds older Dean standing with his arms crossed over his chest and Cas looking windswept and exasperated, standing as always just a little too close together. They’re whisper-yelling at each other.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yes, sir." Dean swallowed, waiting. But the blow - verbal, physical, it wouldn't have mattered - never came.
Dean wasn’t sure, but he thought probably there would be nothing after that.
Hank doesn’t look offended. He just raises his eyebrows. “You’re right,” he says. “I don’t. So why don’t you tell me?”
They look at each other for a moment, Cas with his little fond smile seemingly content to sit in this silence with Dean for eternity. Dean clears his throat. He can only take so much of that eye contact.
The only other time before Dean that Cas had engaged in fornication, it had been enjoyable. A little awkward and confusing and really quite short, but pleasant. Nothing he felt a particular need to pursue, but not something he regretted.
Nothing happens. He didn’t really expect it to, but it was worth a shot. Anything to avoid… this.
Or it didn't. It started with some nameless, faceless eukaryote, hidden in the primordial soup of warm saltwater that coated the earth. It started beneath the muddy waves, single-celled, improbable and perfect. It started in the culmination of materials of the universe - all that stardust fixed into
Living Dean, the now-Dean, chokes. He’s himself, but he can feel it like it’s happening, like he’s sixteen and hating himself, just wanting to be with his brother, happy that he won’t have to fight anymore.
Sam reminds him of the kid from so many years ago in a way that he hasn’t in awhile, his chest all puffed up, pulling himself into a tight coil of well-greased anger.
"I… but… we
“Can you tell me about it?” Hank prompts.
Cas smiles up at him, beatific, angelic, and pulls Dean down to kiss him.
It hurts, too, because maybe those were things Dean shouldn’t have had to do as a child.
It's a cruel spell.
Content warning in end notes. (And some more chapter editorial)
It was the most Dean had ever said about
? That's -
"Anyway, this one's a good one, far as kids movies go, I guess." Dean leaves the movie on, puts the remote aside, and settles back with his ice pack and a beer.
The point, really, was that Cas let Dean define what they did, let him set the limits. But Cas knows Dean, better than Dean is ever willing to acknowledge. Cas knows what Dean was doing in sending his younger self to Turkey with him, knows that Dean was being sincere when he said that Cas could sleep with twenty-six year-old Dean if Cas wanted to. It’s just that Cas also knows that Dean refuses to accept his own limits. Cas is pretty sure if he were to have sex with another person - never mind the complications of that person being a version of Dean himself - it would hurt Dean immensely, despite the fact that they have never once discussed exclusivity.
Jack is still a lot like that. Not innocent, but sweet and earnest. It’s weird, but kinda nice to be around too.
Dean nudges his elbow into Cas’ side. “Don’t tell Rhonda that, dude. This is a family diner.”
. He doesn't think about it, has only ever brought it up once in nearly thirty years, that night he went and told Cas, because he was trying to explain part of why he was so deep down fucked up about this, why he had to push Cas away sometimes.
Dean's hands might be bloody, but they are nothing compared to Cas' own.
"Don't waste your grace. Save it for healing baby Dean, okay?"
with Cas.
"Cas?"
Dean's never told Sam, but he's not sure he'd be alive if he hadn't had his pain in the ass little brother to look out for. Mom was dad's reason for living, or revenge for her anyway, and Sam was Dean's.
Cas nods. His fingers gently trace across the dirty old stump, and okay, he’s such a weirdo, but there’s a genuine grief in his face that Dean just can’t make fun of.
Dean picks at the threads of his jeans, overwhelmed and unprepared to deal with any of this emotional whiplash. "He didn't have anything to apologize for," Dean says gruffly. "The man was a damn hero."
He hadn't counted on the thing between them, realized finally in the joining of their bodies, in the sweat of their bare skin, in the taste of Cas chasing everything he'd ever done or been before this moment out of his head - he hadn't counted on it feeling like something sacred.
"Please," Cas says again, and it's gentle this time. "There's no reason for you to be in pain."
"Yeah, but if we can use that to buy us some time and maybe figure out how to trap Cerodicus back in the vase, then we might not need a weapon." Sam shrugs, giving older Dean a little apologetic glance.
"Jack," Dean says gruffly, looking at the spot on the floor between his feet. "I want you to know that… I know there are things between us, and I'm no good at words or doing this in general, but I'm... proud of you. We all are."
Dean just stares at Sam for a moment. "And what? Cas and I were stuck there for a whole year? In monster Heaven?"
Dean knows he needs to give this place something, work himself into some kind of revelation, but he's empty. He can't bring up anything that feels worth giving.
He was pretty sure Dean wouldn't accept that.
Dean gesticulates vaguely again. "It doesn't matter. I don't care if it's legally recognized or whatever. But I just… I had a - a bond with him, you know? He was… I really loved him. I should've… should've told people that while he was alive. But maybe it's something if I - if I tell people now."
At the end of the necklace is a familiar cylindrical bottle with a silver clasp, full of glowing silver-white light.
"Love exists out of time," Cas insists, interrupting him. "I'm… what I'm trying to say is that I go on caring because the loss and the guilt are my present, but my love is past, present, future tense. It hurts because it is supposed to hurt. But I keep fighting because there is a future where that fighting, that caring makes a difference. There's a past where it already has. It's… transcendence, I think. Does that make sense?"
Andy says "You're a good kid, Dean." His breath gets closer to Dean's face, and eight-year-old Dean is frozen.
“Not officially.”
Cas blinks, looking faintly guilty, and drops his eyes deliberately to his book. "My apologies," he says again. "It's just that I never had a chance to meet you before… Well, I didn't know you at this time in your life, obviously. I'm just…"
"Dean," Cas said, his gravel voice low in the quiet of the house. "Can I say one thing? Please?"
. Saving people, hunting things. The family business. And lately there hasn’t been a whole lot of saving. Sometimes I think… I think about just being somewhere on a beach or a pier. You, me, Sam, some beers. Jack’s not there because he’s off at college getting to know real kids. You’re still wearing your stupid trench coat even though it’s 80 degrees out. Sam and I are making fun of you for it, and everyone’s just… alive. Not even happy. Just… there. Present.
Now-Dean hates that too, hates the desperation in his younger self's voice, the begging. He was always begging John for something - to stop, to stay, to come back.
Dean scrubs his hands over his face and makes himself sit up, looking at Sam again and trying not to marvel about what all of this means.
change, but it’s…” Cas sighs. “I don’t know how to explain it.”
"How are you doing?" Sam asks present Dean now, taking a sip of his coffee. He makes it strong and bitter, the only way he knows how.
And then Dean is fourteen, standing on a street corner outside a sketchy bar in Tennessee, smoking a cigarette. He's trying to decide if it's worth going back in for another round of pool, worth trying to work his hustle a second time in the same location. That's always dangerous. But Dean kind of really needs the money. He's managed to rake up forty dollars, and in a normal week he could make that stretch for him and Sam. But dad dropped them off at the school here, and after three days Sam got moved into all AP classes, which means all new books. They don't have that kind of money, but Sam's excitement and pride at having been singled-out for advanced placement was palpable and Dean couldn't bear it when Sammy came down, realizing they couldn't give the school the money for the books.
Younger Dean looks up and his eyes land on Dean.
"Hey now," Andy whispers, other hand on Dean's chest. "You'll be quiet, won't you? You don't want to wake Sam, do you?"
Now-Dean takes a deep breath as this vision or future or wish fulfillment Dean shrugs off his jacket and throws it over a bar stool. The layout is different, but the bar is clearly an homage to The Roadhouse. It hasn't even opened and already Dean can smell it, what Ash called "Bud, blood, and beer nuts."
"For what it's worth," Cas says, before he can stop himself. "I'm probably gay."
Sam's pretty sure his brother let John take it out on him instead.
Dean's willing to bet money that John never raised a hand to Adam. Because Adam's mom, whoever she was, surely wouldn't have allowed that. Because Adam was a son, and not a soldier. Because Adam was just a kid, not a disappointment. And Dean never let John near Sam when he was in one of his moods, and John loved Sam anyway, so it's just him - it's just Dean that John felt he had to beat something out of, or something into. And he didn't. He
The ten-year-old barrels right into him, his head only coming up to Dean's chest as he wraps his arms around him too.
They have to exit through the giftshop, and Jack immediately goes missing among the merchandise. Dean rolls his eyes, feeling his own certain fondness for the kid and Cas smiles even brighter at him.
“Says who?” Cas’ touch was feather light on his cheek. “Who would expect you to be undamaged by forty years of Hell?”
Things get a little blurry after that. He remembers standing outside the club at some point talking to a very nice lesbian couple who apparently own an apiary as a hobby, and he remembers sitting in a Steak & Shake at three in the morning, Sam with his head on the table, Eileen gently stroking his hair. Dean remembers stumbling backwards into the hotel room again, remembers thinking that Cas’ bites on his neck were going to leave a mark and not caring.
Cas' mouth ducks down to the side of Dean's head, kissing into his hair the way Cas is prone to, this thing that is so soft and sweet that sometimes it just about kills Dean.
And any other morning, Sam would assume that Dean was in the shower or had come upstairs without him noticing, or had fallen asleep in the library again. But Sam knows. He just knows.
Younger Dean’s eyes are shut, but he smiles. “Yeah, I know, bitch.” He pats Sam on the knee one more time, then opens his eyes and blinks at Cas again.
"Lemme take you to the Arches," Dean says, mostly in the hopes that having a firm destination will appease some of his brother's palpable hostility. "It's not far."
After two weeks, the psychiatrist has Dean increase his dose. Around week three, Dean starts to feel… weird.
It's this - Dean helping other kids, helping people in a way that is not hunting, a way that is not using his body or sacrificing himself. It's providing for kids who can't help but remind him of himself and Sam. It's working with Charlie, using his years of cheating the system to circumvent all kinds of roadblocks to setting up this house. It’s their connections with community outreach programs, and finding the kids who really need it.
“You breaking up with me?” Dean asks, trying to cover his nerves the way he always does.
Dean played
to the local library after that conversation with his dad, and he never looked back. He always thought that he really didn't get poetry after all. He never got all that Shakespeare/Tennyson/Whitman shit they had to read in class.
Dean makes himself glance up. Sam is staring at him with a small confused frown.
Maybe everyone in this universe is gone. Maybe it's all another mind game. Maybe none of it really matters anymore.
It helps that he’s found a case. It helps, too, that the case is a legacy. They haven’t worked something from dad’s journal in a while.
"You were gonna let it kill you," Sam says, his voice almost flat now. "And I think, deep down Dean, you were just relieved to have a way out."
"Dean, I think you should look at me."
"M'sorry," Dean mumbled into the warmth of Cas' thighs. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry."
Sam and Dean argue back and forth for awhile, Sam interested in Vermont while Dean wants to stick around the Midwest in South Dakota. Cas and Eileen take to ignoring these conversations whenever they start, leaving the brothers at it and continuing their own conversation in ASL.
“Oh." Younger Dean hasn't opened his eyes for a while now. "So I'll… But I won't remember? I won't remember you?"
Dean insists on a break around noon, and Sam takes him down to the bunker gun range. Dean can't help the swell of pride he feels watching Sammy take a turn and hitting the bullseye in a neat cluster every time. Dean's a good shot - one of the few things he's been naturally good at his whole life, and he was the one who taught his little brother.
“Yeah? Okay.” Dean looks him over and figures in for a penny, in for a pound, or whatever. “You’re so beautiful, Cas.”
," Dean had said, his six year-old voice tremulous and practically on the verge of tears. "Don't go. We need you. Just 'til Sammy's better,
“I very much doubt it,” Cas says, all seriousness. “I know he doesn’t act like it, but as complicated as his feelings are about having you here, he is coming to care for you.”
“And her family too.  Don’t get your panties in a twist, tiger,” he condescended, raising his hands in a mockery of defeat.  They quickly shifted to far more dominant position, pointing at the boy with a grand sweep.  “But you’ve got to keep hunting.”
"We could chose
"You were there, brother. With me." Uriel spoke softly, perhaps the softest Castiel had ever heard of the angel. Uriel was not known for such softness. "I knew something was off that day."
He had to get to the old supply store on Ashland and burn it to the ground before anyone discovered Claire Becker's body.
He turned and headed back towards his desk. By the time he settled behind his computer once more, Stephanie had her nose in the new pages, hand reaching for the iPod. Chuck hadn't really figured this woman for an introvert when she'd first popped up on his doorstep but, ah well, he never had been the best judge of character.
, Andy. They ruined our lives!"
The ragtag group didn't make it five feet when hurried footsteps coming from behind them all had everyone, Mark included, spinning around. The blond redrew his weapon in a grip as tight as Mark's as the Sarge trained his rifle on the unknown threat. The street in front of them was empty, but it didn't stay that way for long. The pounding feet got louder and a man in an officer's uniform rounded the corner, coming to a halt as he spotted them.
Andy nodded, releasing a quick breath before raising his fist. With a slight tremor in his fingers, he knocked on the large glass pane of the front door. It took only a moment for someone to answer. It was a kid, a year or two younger than Andy himself, with a wide and friendly smile. Very Stepford Smile, if you asked Dean. But then again, he already knew this guy was trouble.
"He…" Castiel hesitated for a moment, unsure how to voice his supposition. Balthazar watched him expectantly, support coloring his face despite his often acerbic tongue. With only a slight shift to his celestial wavelengths – the equivalent of a flush – Castiel admitted, "It's foolish."
“And the water that comes out would be holy,” Sam added, sounding almost breathless as he thought through his brother’s plan.  That….That wasn’t a bad idea.  The water would damage a demon enough to at least distract it – at least long enough for Jess to get her mom out of there, maybe even start an exorcism.  It didn’t guarantee anything; Sam had little hope it would be enough to do the job alone.
Right. Don't piss off the scary-hot nerd angel.
Season 2: Chapter 73
a bluff, and he would never pull it off if he didn't sound like he believed it. "I'm it. I'm the one. You already know none of those other kids have what it takes. They won't get the job done."
"Not since yesterday," Samandriel confirmed what his grace had already told her. "In the Archival Hall, I think. He was with Uriel in the morning, but I haven't seen him since."
Months of little eye catches and Dean sporting wood more often than he wasn't (god, talk about awkward.) Sam had taken to earlier morning runs before Dean made it out of bed and also going to bed ridiculously early. Thank god for both of those things, but also so,
It took the older Winchester two more calls and a jerky head turn before he responded. "I'm fine."
The next thing that was going to happen was their dad selling his soul to bring Dean back.
Beside him, Sam rolled his eyes and pulled out his phone. "Keep watch," he ordered with some exasperation, already pulling up the necessary medical information for homecare off the internet. As the page loaded, he started strolling through the various machines, looking for their names and any information they would need.
Sam ducked his head with a huff of air, staring at his hands. "There's a list?"
She jerked towards him again, clawing wildly back and forth as he dodged each swing the best he could. Whatever she was, she was fast. Fast enough to nick him more than once. Fast enough for Andy to realize, pretty quickly, that she was playing with her food. She kept him away from the only weapon that could harm her, abandoned and useless among the leaves. All Andy could do was keep his hand over his damaged throat to protect the one place he knew he couldn't take a hit. But he couldn't keep this up forever, and she knew it.
"Andy, man, talk to us. You still there?" Dean voice cracked with a whole new level of concern as he glanced at Sam.
At least, that's what was in the report. But this Dean character wasn't making up the void in the blood pool – what hadn't been smudged and spread in the struggle – or the clear line on his pants, suggesting he'd been on the ground before the blood reached him, leaving the back of his thighs clean. It didn't make sense with Pete's story, and that
"That was my opinion too," Bobby offered dryly, sipping on his coffee.
“I'll give you fifteen.”
The blood went so still that the Prince of Hell, had he not known Lucifer's firstborn so well, might have thought their conversation cut short. Then it began bubbling ecstatically. Lilith didn't even have to say anything for the crimson liquid to relay her malicious grin as she caught on to his train of thought.
Sam, who had been stepping over what was left of the wall – a low-lying foot or so of boards, broken studs, and plaster – froze. He almost put his foot down on the other side, but pulled back at the last second, both feet firmly in the kitchen. Sam found his gun down by his side before he realized he'd lowered it.
Yeah, Dean thought, leaning hard into his domestic little life with all its warm and fuzzies. Happy birthday to him.
Cas straightened in a way that screamed military training, like he'd just been handed his marching orders rather than a chunk of what was essentially his soul carrying a note from the future. "It said to trust you. To assist the Righteous Man and stop the Apocalypse."
He repeated it again and again in a mantra of desperation.
The man from the future swallowed roughly. There was a lot in there – including the death of the Harvelles at the hand of that same demon bitch and her squad of hellhounds – that he didn't want everyone in this room knowing so freely.
"I am more concerned how a sliver of grace that never should have been there in the first place is apparently so wrapped up in your soul it accompanied you to Heaven." The wide eyes, blank face of a Cas who hadn't figured out facial expression yet was almost comically. Dean snorted but opted not to comment. Would probably just get himself in trouble.
. Which meant whatever those rumors might say, wherever they had come from, there was something not entirely accurate about them. Trouble was, Crowley didn't know which part was wrong, and Lilith was unlikely to tell him. Which was
"You do not reciprocate my feelings." Cas turned towards him and Dean snapped his gaze forward, heart hammering in his chest at even so much as the idea of having to stare his friend down as they discussed
distracted."
The detective hauled their murder suspect clear out of the chair, slamming him into the back wall. He didn't care that the interrogation table screeched across the floor, dragged by the chain securely attached to their dirtbag's cuffs. He hoped it hurt like hell.
Castiel barely batted an eye as the man above her was tackled clean off by her charge.  Dean collided with the other hunter, landing a solid punch to his face as he took him to the floor.
was the ball. But as Dean did manage to figure out which way was up and get his feet back under him in order to go that general direction, he couldn't feel any damage. A quick assessment revealed no new bumps or bruises. Had he been good old flesh and bones, he definitely wouldn't have gotten up from that.
"Ellen," Bobby warned, worried what her pushing too hard on the boys might do. Dean was all the more likely to shut down for it. Even if she meant well, patience had never been Ellen's strong suit.
"And you believed him too, huh?" Daniel glanced between the two brothers, the younger of which gave a goofy shrug. "Well, shit. I was hoping it had been a senile moment or something."
“Now, now,” Yellow Eyes held out his hands in placation, a look of mock worry on his face as he leaned over into the passenger’s side of Impala so he could look up at Sam through his still open door.  “Easy there, son.  We wouldn’t want you keeling over before it’s time.”
The man from the future nodded, the set in his shoulders as stubborn as his brother's. "Right. What are you doing, slacking off while I do all the work? Back to it. Mush! Let's see how you did with the engine."
"Rest," he ordered, though not unkindly. "Uriel will finish the healing when he returns."
right?
, along with every other meditation trick he'd ever heard of to block the demon.
Andy wondered, vaguely, if an angel could hear human criticism from Heaven. Sure didn't seem to stop Dean.
living room free of orgies of any sort. A family was seated the dining room table in the next room for what looked like Thanksgiving dinner. No, Christmas; there was a tree in the corner across from the door Dean was hiding behind. Much better than Humphrey's happiest (read: humpiest) memory, that's for sure.
“You need to wake up, Dean.  Right now.”  Cas took a step toward him and the hunter immediately raised an arm to stop him from doing the Jedi, two finger mind trick.
Bucky just nodded, though it was obvious from his grumpy expression that he wasn't really listening. The rest of the group turned back the conversation at hand, but Asa nudged the leg of his buddy's chair again, this time with a small smile. Bucky tried returning it, but it was weak. Asa had all the faith in the world that it would get stronger, given time.
"Yeah, he'll be alright," Dean answered Bobby's firm claim that Andy would pull through, spirit and all. He didn't doubt it, but he also wouldn't blame the kid if it wasn't that easy. Andy had an indomitable spirit, an attitude that never wavered, but Dean couldn't help but think,
Said angel was turning back to him, concern and a little bit of horror bright in his eyes at the implication that Dean was partaking in angel grace like it was mother-friggin' cupcake and he was a fat kid in a candy shop. "I have no idea the consequences of merging grace with a human soul, but I doubt they are good. If the me of your time has been inserting himself into you-"
Dean hesitated, hand still wrapped around the knob, body partially hidden behind the safety of the door. He didn't know why, but he had the distinct urge to search the room. Almost like the room was drawing him in, though the hunter was pretty sure that was just his conscience trying to get him out of searching more (potentially mentally traumatizing) rooms. That, or maybe human memories were designed to pull you in or something.
I hope everyone is staying safe as they can right now. The world is a mess and the States is busy adding extra special crazy sprinkles right on top (I am so, so frustrated with the state of my country right now. I don't often bring politics into this forum because I rarely agree that it's the place for it, but to any readers out there of color:
"How much gas you got?" Dean was already moving. He shoved the food back into the fridge (no reason to leave Bobby with even more of a mess than the unconscious woman upstairs). Sam closed his laptop, sliding it and several of the books he'd been reading into his bag.
Sam was sitting upright on the old red thing that passed as a couch only because of how exhausted they’d all been when they’d arrived late last night.  He was fiddling with his laptop, but she could tell from across the room that he was frustrated about something.
will choose the ill-advised, futile path of a hero," the demon continued his account of the evening's upcoming events as if his audience was nothing more than that. Then he aimed his hand, pointer and thumb still out, towards the ceiling and the tremor in Sam's muscles became more pronounced. He locked his jaw and prepared for pain. "And
"Except God." Dean suddenly bit out, angrily realizing exactly where he'd had this conversation before. (Goddamnit!)
, vessel.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He’s different, Bobby.  Sometimes he acts like his old self, and sometimes…It’s like he’s seen the end of the world.”
Balthazar looked like a kid in a candy shop. "Amazing, isn't it? All this, in a hundred and fifty years. And Zachariah still calls them mud-monkeys."
“Of course he did,” Sam was saying in response to Brady’s so called ‘intelligence’ at noticing it wasn’t the high IQ future-lawyer Winchester he’d been talking to.  Yeah.  Real genius, that one.  “He’s pre-med, Dean.  He’s not an idiot.”
Sam didn’t even blink.  Brady sighed dramatically, “Come on, Sammy-boy.  You already know the answer.  Think
"Oh, right. Should I just go back and pay for it with my fraudulent credit card, then?" Andy's smile was of the shit-eating variety, and Dean harrumphed at the absolute
There was another option, of course. The human could have entered any of the Paradises along the D corridor. However, Rachel dismissed it as a possibility. For one, because no human soul should be able to enter another's Paradise (then again, Dean Winchester should not have been able to
And now he was pretty sure they were screwed.  There was no way they’d be able to take down Frank before he killed Anne in retaliation.  Or just because he felt like it.  He didn’t even need to be near her to do it – he could snap her neck from across the room.  The thought made him sick to his stomach, but he sucked it up and shoved it deep down.
Jo froze, eyes going wide, and Dean grabbed the shotgun out of her hand and shoved her towards the ladder, even as she started moving again. He hauled her up the first rung, hardly needing to as she scrambled for it all on her own.
: Okay, I will not lie, I have *no* idea when the next chapter will be up. I haven't written in a month and a half, and while I have high hopes that will change this week, I can't make promises. We're definitely moving to a two-week posting schedule at a minimum, but I'll keep you updated from there the best I can.
"I would erase his memory of this moment."
"I do have other customers, you know," Crowley drawled, spinning around in a slow circle as he looked at the cozy little dirt intersection in the middle of some charming crop fields in… Crowley was going to guess Nebraska. He straightened his suit jacket as he completed his turn to face the Winchester's again. "Legitimate ones, offering up their souls, who aren't calling to WASTE MY TIME."
"We were off duty when we got the call," the younger of the two Winchesters answered the question that hadn't been asked with a shrug and a weak smile.
There was that word again. People kept using that word to describe the angel – the chunk of grace lodged in his chest – and Dean was getting pretty frickin' sick of the riddle he didn't know the answer to. "I don't- what does that even mean?"
Castiel hid his flinch at her words well, too reminiscent of a time not so long ago when he had felt that very way. When a fellow angel had said as much and Castiel could not shake that she was right. When the Darkness had confirmed it and Lucifer only drove it home. It was something Cas no longer believed to be true, thanks in a large part to the Winchester brothers making such an effort to drive the message home and have it stick this time. Still, the words dug deep into old wounds and clung like spindled barbs.
He was just…seeing it differently this time.
"Oh, this is too good." She laughed, loudly once more, and turned back to the angel. Slivers of ocean blue peaked out from beneath dark lashes, but he kept his gaze unfocused, locked on the rafters. Anat leaned in, almost nuzzling his cheek with her nose as she breathed in his scent, a parody of something far more sensual than this ever could be. "Tell me, angel, what would you do with your hunter, if you could have your way with him?"
minute before he sucked in a breath, his whole chest moving with it.  “You were really dead?”
Dean honestly hadn't thought to bring them to Rivergrove. There wasn't
That really tripped the kid up and he stared at his surrogate father figure. "What the hell were you doing in Alaska?"
"I-" He chewed on the inside of his cheek, realizing he was really about to do this. About to tell Sam that he'd- what he'd done. To their best friend. God, Sam would hate him. No, that wasn't true and Dean knew it. Sam wasn't capable of hating him, even when he deserved it. "I r-ra-… I hurt him, Sammy."
Bobby didn’t like it much either, but he could bend to reason and was a fair bit more flexible than Dean Winchester would ever be.  He promised to make some calls and get them at least a minor arsenal and a car for when they landed.  It appeased Dean somewhat but left him with nothing else to fight accept his abhorrent fear of flying (which Sam had easily deduced (for the second time) and still found moments to tease him, despite the situation)
Andy screamed in terror as hands grabbed at his backpack, hoodie, and arms, pinning him to the bars, pulling at his hair and clothing. Sam grabbed his good arm, trying to haul him away from the cell and the teaming bodies within, but he was too late. He saw the flash of metal before he could do anything about it. It was Mrs. Tanner, the woman they had first sent to the police station, taking a switchblade to her own hand, leaving the steel stained red. Andy cried out as she struck, slicing up the back of his already injured arm. More blood soaked into his sweatshirt, spilling down the bars as she opened a four inch strip of flesh with the bloodied blade.
Dean had been half right with his Holy Tax Accountant description. He'd gotten the tan trench coat, dark, messy hair, and intensely blue eyes dead on. Sam was pretty sure the navy and white striped pajama bottoms and old grey t-shirt were a little more off-menu than normal for the stoic angel, though. The fuzzy maroon slippers
"So he'll never talk again," Dean muttered, running a hand over his mouth and working his jaw to keep from clenching it. "Okay. That's…that's fine, he'll pull through. That's what matters."
Andy just shrugged, appreciating that. "Everyone deals differently with waking up thousands of miles away completely alone in a ghost town probably filled with actual ghosts. So…yeah, you did okay in my book."
He ignored them both, particularly his brother, though the scrutinizing eyes of the angel were perhaps worse in many ways.
like the woman he'd met in the bar. Ava was taller, and slimmer. Though, they were still similar enough, Sam reasoned. He knew there was magic for that, even so far as to change the height or weight of a person. Difficult magic –
The younger hunter winced at the harsh, demanding tone, but he fisted his hands by his sides and stuck his chin out stubbornly. "Dean, if killing me stops the apocalypse-"
“I can still get to him,” his daughter insisted once more, blood bubbling with determination.  She had always been a stubborn thing.  He’d liked that about her the minute he’d dug his blade into her soft belly.
"Sam!" She screamed it at the top of her lungs, stomping her feet and hitting the walls and pipes where she could. Anything to make a racket. "Here! I'm here!"
missing, but that has nothing to do with this!  I didn’t know in advance, okay?  I just found out!”
She leaned forward, cutting him off before he could stumble through the speech he’d rehearsed a million times since the hallway.  Gentle hands cupped either side of his neck and she kissed him across the face.  Soft, desperate, sad lips pressed to his own and to his cheek, and his forehead, and his nose.
Sam moved the cart out of the way, scooping up the rest of the fallen products and putting them back on the rack. He glanced down the way the man had disappeared again, now quite certain he'd imagined the whole thing, but not yet able to calm his racing heart entirely enough to be sure. The man was gone (who could blame him?) and the rest of the section of groceries was fairly empty. Neither of the two other shoppers that he could see were paying him any heed.
. That alone, even more than Dean's message that they would be there as soon as visitor hours opened (ten thirty, Dean insisted, though Andy was really sure the nurse had told him eleven, not that
"Yeah, well, I kinda doubt she shared her life story with Bobby." Dean played with the straw of his to-go cup, iced coffee growing pretty watery by now. He shoved the thing in out and out of its top, making an obnoxious, plastic screeching that earned him a glare from his brother.
, still skipping a beat when it shouldn't, still hurting and not quite right beneath a too-tight chest, at the thought of going back to that town. That town with a man who had slit his throat, with a demon roaming its streets, streets soaked in blood. Andy's blood. He knew it wasn't logical. He knew what fear and trauma did to the mind. He understood that, and because he thought he understood it, he also thought he should be able to control it. Push it to the side for the twenty minutes it would take to go back to Cold Oak and save Amanda and Scott. It's what the Winchesters would do. He could freak out later, Andy told himself. Tried to tell himself. But his body wasn't having it, and he hated himself for it.
"We split ways at that point," Dean answered, the noise actually startling Sam. "Fallout over the, uh…"
Man might be old, but he certainly hadn't lost his edge.
Why had he just let her waltz right into his room? Dean was going to kill him, if she didn't do it for him first.
just calm the hell down?" Now he was definitely yelling. Damnit, why were they always yelling? "Jesus! It's like everyone woke up on the wrong side of the friggin' bed!"
-o-o-o-
"I know." Dean picked up his burger and bit into it, trying to ignore the way it taste more like ash than grease and meat. He chewed through it, swallowing heavily to get it down. "And I'm trying. Just can't make any promises I'll last that long."
Dean pulled his hand off the wall with a frown, glaring at the thing for daring to be…what? Peaceful? Yeah. That. The older Winchester spun around, taking in the weird hallway he was in. Aside from glowing, it was also lined with white lights, white frames, white arches, and white doors. They, too, were obnoxiously shiny: some kind of freshly polished silver, metallic material that gleamed in the diffused light. Each door had an equally polished plaque, names cut into the material and backlit by, you guessed it, more white light.
Then he'd ran. Out of the classroom, into an empty hall and an empty field, towards a terrifyingly dark and silent gymnasium, still fearing the worst.
"Huh." Sam raised his eyes at his brother, who shrugged and closed his eyes in an attempt to summon a weapon of his own.
There was a shoe in the middle of the kitchen, close to where the second trip wire had been. It was large – six-and-a-half-feet-tall large, and male – and hadn't been there before, Gordon was sure of it. Also, it was smoking.
' expression (bitchface #8). "Dude, if Jess wakes up to you tripping around the house in the dark, she'll
"Uh…" Sam exchanged a weak look with his brother when their surrogate father turned that question directly their way. Sam cleared his throat. "Our dad died two months early in, uh, in this timeline."
Sam's eyes widened at his brother's words, his spine straightening, shoulders drawing back, all reflexively. He'd known Dean was going to tell everyone the truth about Azazel: what that demonic bastard had done to Sammy as a kid, about his plans and the shitstorm that was going to rain down on them in the next three or four years. But Sam hadn't realized Dean was going for broke; he was going to tell them
Sam was the first out of the motel room door, and Dean promptly crashed right into his gigantor of a brother's back when the younger Winchester stopped dead less than a foot out the doorway.
He looked down at the cup in his hands and didn't respond. Andy didn't have an answer, so he didn't bother trying to give one. Dean didn't ask, instead he just pushed off the dresser, grabbed the liquor bottle, and refilled his empty cup.
"I don't know!" the older Winchester screamed back, partially over his shoulder as he checked on their gaining adversary. Their
"I-I don't… I
Or, at least, he tried to.
"That is a creative solution," Castiel answered, and despite Dean's internal going-ons, the angel didn't seem annoyed. If anything, she sounded thoughtful. Dean wondered if this Cas was impressed with her own – well, her future – ingenuity. "However, we should avoid anything that uses Enochian, else I would teach you several warding symbols that would be far more efficient than hex bags."
Rachel calculated the difference. Earth moved much faster than Heaven, in varying ways at varying times, but the angel was accustomed to the difference and comfortable estimating the average. It was more than possible that Samadriel had seen Castiel yesterday morning in the Archival building, assuming the Power had then removed himself to Earth very shortly afterward.
This chapter fought me every step of the way, but I hope the extra length makes up for the time delay.
“Cas, you stupid son of a bitch.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He proudly clutched Cas’ hand tighter.
“I have a son!” she gasped out desperately, trying unsuccessfully to flinch out of the Angel’s strong grasp as much as her binds would allow.
xXxXxXxXx
With his free hand, Dean lifted Cas’ from his hip. Interlacing their fingers, he brought their palms to rest over his stomach.
to, no,” Castiel disagreed. “But my absence will be noticed if I don’t turn up and I don’t want to raise any suspicions, or draw any attention to us at this time. But more importantly, it is an opportunity. One I didn’t think would be possible. They may know how Akobel’s mate lived. That is not information I can dismiss.”
"Dude, it looks like the impala in here," Sam gasped out with wide excited eyes.
“-You choose them.”
is okay. “I am now,” he said, shaking his head in disbelief. “Where are you?”
It was a tight tension in the room that tugged Dean out of his peaceful slumber and violently shoved him back into reality. He was instantly on high alert. Wide eyes scanning over the room in a flash, searching for a threat, in every shadow, before falling on his angel sat hunched over himself, fingers digging into his scalp. A faint pained moan permeated the air before Cas gently started to rock.
This time, Dean was not coming back.
, Dean thought with a quiver. They look sharp enough to cut glass.
The date had never happened. Cas had misunderstood and ended up babysitting... which ended up with the former Angel nearly getting killed, Dean remembered. As far as first dates went, it definitely couldn’t be counted. On the plus side, it was another first experience that he could give his Angel. Take him on his first date. And he was going to do it properly.
SGcVamp xXx
“He is,” the angel said confidently. “You both are.”
The words were muttered so quietly, slurred out through sleep and without celestial hearing Cas had little doubt that he would have missed them entirely, yet they scream like a cut, leaving a hard lump in Castiel’s heart.
Remembering his part in their performance, Dean allowed the grin to manifest, turning it into a mocking sneer which he slung at the bound woman. “You see Goldielocks, he's going to take a little stroll through that pea sized head of yours.”
Over the next few days Team Free Will fell into a routine. Each morning Dean would snag a coffee, either under Cas’ mindfully, watchful gaze, or Sam’s narrowed, judging side-eyes. Usually both. Though neither of them protested further, which Dean was grateful for. He still found himself growing sleepy and had to nap in the afternoon, so he hated to think how much worse his fatigue would be without the caffeine to mask it. However ineffectually it was proving to be.
“I was the one who passed the sentence,” he admitted tensely, bracing himself for Dean’s reaction.
Cas nodded thoughtfully. “That would explain why I was unable to contact you through your dreams. Sedation is not a natural sleep.”
Dean froze. Realization hitting him milliseconds before the look in his angel’s eyes confirmed it.
The angel rolled his eyes, sighing in frustration. He vaguely recalled the confusion he’d experienced upon first waking when he was without his grace and tried to remember that his mate had only just woken up, and he hadn’t slept for that long either. Putting Dean’s seemingly lack of comprehension down to that, Castiel licked his lips and started again, trying to explain as simply as he could, so he could get through to Dean’s sleep muddled mind.
“But, and I keep telling you this man, I had you. Do you get that? Do you know how different our childhoods were? You always made me feel like I could do anything, like I was special and - and, I don’t know, like bringing home a good report card to you meant something, even if dad never cared enough to ask. I wanted you to be proud of me and you always were.” Sam cuts himself off and Dean can hear him taking a deep breath.
Older Dean pulls up in front of a house. It's not a
Cas' brows crease. "What do you mean?"
"Yeah," Dean said, pulling him back down. "Yeah."
Dean is loved in a way that he never really let himself believe he could be. It doesn't take away the deep sadness and frustration he feels, but that love is mixed in there too. For the first time since he was a little boy, Dean feels like this is a love he gets to keep, whether he's earned it or not.
Outside looking in, it's harder to deny that that Dean was just a boy. It was just a ball.
"When I give you an order, you follow it. You understand me, boy?"
Holy water.
Cas frowns, head tilting like a freaking confused puppy. "I don't believe that's medically probable for a nondiabetic human."
He can't do this.
Cas has known that Dean's relationship to his own body is complicated, that the body Cas put back together himself is still full of trauma, still holds the history of a hard, brutal life. Cas couldn't take that away when he put Dean's soul back into the ground. Not without changing who Dean was as a person.
The first time Dean visits Mary and John, he finds an Impala out in front of their perfect little white-walled house. Even though it's the same car, Dean knows it's not Baby in the same way he knows that his parents aren't the same John and Mary Winchester that he's ever really known.
Sam chuckles. A little wetly - he’s been crying again, Dean notices.
But god, he’d wanted it. He’d wanted it with Cas, to the extent that he allowed himself to ever acknowledge his own desires.
Just a couple of quick end notes: You can't fix people, and you also can't save them from themselves. Dean deserved the agency to choose whether or not he confronted his own past and issues, but, unfortunately, I am a cruel and capricious god. Which is just to say, not dealing with trauma may not be healthy, but this ain't necessarily healthy either.
Sam leans into young Dean a little. It's easier to be affectionate with this young Dean. Not that Dean didn't have his issues at twenty-six, God knows he was already damaged beyond Sam's ability to salve over. They both were.
It's his own name - he hears it again now, screamed in that scratchy from-the-depths-of-hell way, echoing from somewhere down the hall. Sam bolts up, gun in hand, skitters across the floor barefoot in his pajamas and pads down the hall. He knows what this is, but his heart is still pounding, and he can't not come when Dean calls his name like that, like pleading for salvation. Because what if this time it isn't just a dream?
Upfront content warning: some (non-graphic) mention of torture and sexual assault.
Handwritten sexts aside, Dean does not learn anything useful, and he moves on to his older self's room at the next opportunity.
"Yep. Crazy, right?"
“Mm,” younger Dean says. He shuts his eyes for a second, his hand fumbling until it finds Dean’s. He squeezes it.  When he opens his eyes again, he picks up Dean's hand and drags it over to lay on top of Cas'. Dean lets him, folding his hand over Cas', still pressed to younger Dean's wound. Cas doesn't resist when Dean's fingers slip between his, and they're holding hands while younger Dean's blood slips over their skin and Cas' grace thrums weakly between these two versions of Dean.
“Speak for yourself, I take care of my joints.”
Someone changed him into a soft gray t-shirt and black sweatpants, for which he is grateful. He's had a broken arm before - care of a wendigo hunt, 1997 - and getting dressed was always a whole ordeal. His arm aches a little as he gets up and makes his way, barefoot, out of the room and down the hall. He is desperately thirsty and more than that he needs to see Sam, make sure he's okay. Cas and older Dean, too.
, right? Or, I mean…"
“Sam mentioned that,” Hank says. “He says you quit cold turkey, without any professional help.”
"You're the one who named him."
Dean absorbs this for a moment before replying. "He's lucky." Dean clears his throat, looking away from Cas' gaze. "To have you, I mean. You might not be, like, a normal father or whatever, but you understand him. I get the feeling you're exactly who he needs."
?” Hank says again with emphasis. “Where is that feeling coming from?”
"Dean, you've never even been married." Sam sounds mildly exasperated. "Unless there was a wedding invitation I missed."
Cas closes his eyes and a single tear slips out, glistening in the sunlight as it tracks down his cheek. Dean doesn't know what to do - he wants to wipe it away, take Cas in his arms and kiss it better, but he doesn't think he's allowed.
John finally turned away from the window. He still didn't look at Dean.
"Mom?" Dean said. He wasn't going to take his hand out of Cas' hair. He was just going to tell her. This thing he'd been building with Cas, so painfully and slowly putting together, was real. It was real to him. What could she do, leave him again?
