Green-Wood has an entrance like a castle. It’s opulent and grandiose, and it makes Steve completely uncomfortable. He’d read about it back in his time, when some rich person died and the obituary was printed in the papers. He knows he would have worked ten life-times and never had been able to afford dying to be buried here. It’s completely the right place for Howard to be laid to rest, what he would have chosen, but Steve can’t think that this is just the
, from leaving him. Knowing that it had nothing to do with what he had
angry says enough. Sam’s silence says the rest.
He should have been happy with her, but seven weeks after they started dating she had stayed the night for the first time. Steve doesn’t dare to ask himself why it took him that long, but in the morning when he’d woken up with strands of her blond hair in his mouth and her arm thrown around his middle he had felt his skin crawl at the sensation. He’d tried his very best not to wake her up as he all but bolted to the bathroom. Needless to say, his relationship had deteriorated from then on. When he told his friends this Sam had been sympathetic, told him it might not be time yet and that that was fine. Bucky had left the room.
“Despite what you may believe, my friend,” Steve says and he has to fight down the burning in his eyes. “You are not a murderer. Besides, I have fought alongside you long enough to know what the suit is capable of, Tony. You’ve torn down aliens with your repulsors, and you want me to believe I stood any change to fight you and win? You weren’t the one fighting that battle to
He’s next aware of his surroundings when Vision grunts from somewhere near him and he feels the quin begin to descend. Natasha is sitting next to him, one hand on the arm rest between them, and without thinking he throws his hands over hers and holds on tightly. Not enough to break her delicate fingers, but just enough to hold on. He doesn’t want to think about what’s coming, what he will find, the greeting he will get. He doesn’t want to think about Thaddeus Ross waiting with a convoy for them. He doesn’t want to think about the people missing in his home. He doesn’t want to think about the bleakness and barely-hidden anger he’d heard in Rhodey’s voice when Bruce had passed him the phone.
“Here, feed him,” Laura said as she came in. she handed Tony a bottle, and he looked at her in confusion. He’d never had to feed the baby before, and he figured that with both the baby’s parents around one of them could do it.
He knows the exact moment his son sees his favorite person in the world. Instead of the jealousy and anger of the past, he feels his grin growing when Stark’s eyes snap up and a smile completely overtakes his face. Whatever he’d been worrying about before dissipating in the wake of the baby’s loud and frantic “Unc’a ‘Onny!
Once in the car, he leaned back against the seat and let out a gusty sigh. He tried to block the reporters out, but suddenly it seemed that they had begun to chant the same thing. He knew it was his mind playing tricks on him, but he still couldn’t help listening to it. it had been the same question he had been making himself since it all happened. It was the reason he couldn’t look himself in the eye anymore.
“Hi,” he whispers down at her, voice shaky. “Hi, baby, I’m Peter. It’s nice to meet you,” he stretches one of his fingers to touch the baby’s hand and wiggles it up, down, up down in the pantomime of a handshake. Tony is so in love with them both at that moment; his dork of an eldest and his new baby girl. The baby looks up at her with her rich brown eyes, darker than Peter’s and brighter than Tony’s but just enough to make her as
“You don’t have to,” Tony says quietly. Because he knows. He knows what it’s like to have to ask forgiveness again and again for his past mistakes, his screw-ups. He knows what it’s like to be desperate for absolution and find condemnation instead. “We both—we hurt each other, so deeply. I—it’s taken me a long time to understand that. It’s taken me far too long and I hurt you, too, Steve. I—I don’t know how to—I don’t know how to forget. It won’t let me,” he says and wretchedly gestures at his head. Sometimes, he wishes he would have used Extremis when he came back from Siberia. When the alcohol and the BARF and his friends hadn’t been enough to drag him out of the hole he’d fallen into. Maybe then he and Steve would be okay.
at the booger.
“I’m sorry,” is barely audible behind his knees.
Tony thinks, and it hurts so deeply that he even has that doubt. That this Steve, the Steve that used to talk Tony down from the metaphorical ledge when he had a night terror, the Steve that used to play fetch with DUM-E, the Steve that used to sit by him and hand him tools as he babbled about his bike, the Steve that would sit by and sketch while Tony got lost in schematics, the Steve that would chuckle wearily though no less fondly when he called up the tower and listened to Tony go on about how
The other person turns around in her chair, she has short blond hair and is wearing a suit that reminds Tony far too much of
Peter snorts at that derisively, and Tony cringes. He might have become a bit to tongue-loose around the kid when he was having bad days. Considering that bad days after Siberia had been pretty much
him until he became what he was. Ultron
“You fucking did it,” Peter said, and Tony couldn’t even be bothered to chastise him for the language. He was feeling way too much.
“I know that you thought you fucking knew best, and isn’t that the cherry on top of this fucked up cake. You thought you knew best with Ultron, you thought you knew best with the Accords, and look where we are! You started us in this path! You led us down this fucked up chain of events and now the Avengers are nothing! Everything we worked so hard to build is gone because you had to prove you were so fucking clever! You had to prove that you were better than everyone else, you had to prove you knew best!”
had thought he would hurt Tony, that his actions began to catch up with him.
but he doesn’t want to push him. The only thing he can do is hold him close and pray he makes him feel safe.
“I have something to ask you,” it almost came out like a growl. Steve screamed at himself internally, wondering when he had turned into the type of man to become so confrontational, and looked away at Tony’s wince. The mechanic, never to take a challenge sitting down, glared up at the soldier.
“We had time,” Steve says, and tries his best to not make it sound like an accusation. He’s not stupid enough to say that they would have helped him work it out, because that is a lie, and he knows it. Every time Tony had started talking about that wormhole, they had all shut him down. He recalls his own uncharitable thoughts about that with shame. God, he had thought Tony was
is infinitely more terrifying than anything he’s faced before. And he’s fought aliens in the past.
was Tony lucky to be able to do so, who carried Tony out of a party bridal style because Maya and Aldrich had left him to choke on his own puke after giving him some new shit he never should have tried. There was Bucky who took solo cups away from Tony when he happened to catch him at a party or guided him home when things got to be too much.
Tony shoves at the table again, he makes heartbreaking hitching noises with every breath he takes, and rips the glasses off his face. “Just give me something!” he calls out desperately. Steve jumps, thinking he’s been discovered, but Tony is leaning with his hands on the worktable and his eyes on the floor. “Please, I never ask you for anything. I just—I just need to
, something in Tony pleads desperately.
“Don’t come at me with that bullshit, Rhodes! Every time we get called out it’s because he’s found a way to fuck up! We could have solved this shit if he had bothered to talk to us, but no! Rich kid knows best, right? He’s so fucking smart, he’s such a fucking genius, so he can’t fucking admit when his head is so far up his ass that he can’t see what’s fucking right!”
“What were they?” Sam asks, and there is something like anger in his tone. Tony doesn’t know him well enough to guess who it’s directed at.
him. To grab him by the shoulders and shake him and demand to know
God, Tony is so bad at this comforting thing, but he knows he has to try. Something fragile and beaten down, maybe the kid who’d been forced to grow up too hard and too fast, feels a kinship to this boy sitting next to him. It feels as though he has to say something to make it right. “When I was about ten, I went out with our friend Jarvis, the real one, and got my mom this big bouquet of flowers. I gave them to her and told her I’d got his favorites, and I swear she smiled so big I thought her face would get stuck that way. I didn’t find out till later that they were carnations, and I went up to her and apologized, but she told me that just the fact that I’d gone out to get them for her meant they were her favorite flowers.” They both chuckle at that, and Tony blinks the mist out of his eyes.
Tony is bent over the counter laughing and Rhodey, who had followed Steve’s lead with the cereal, is thumping his chest and trying to dislodge the cereal. They’re both laughing so hard they’re almost crying, and Steve tries to keep the frown on his face. It’s hard, though, when Tony gets a paper towel to wipe the counter and goes to sit down next to him with a big smile on his face. He swaps their bowls, and this time Steve looks down quickly and notices his, thankfully, plain cheerios.
“I’m—I’m good. I just—are you sure?” His voice trembles, and it’s a testament to his shock that he hasn’t done anything yet to regain his composure. “It’s real this time?”
Ned’s new set sounds. Tony isn’t too concerned about the work, though, because he trusts his son and Peter has never in his life been sloppy when it comes to his homework.
“Prevent what?” Steve asked quietly, his fingers ached a little with how hard Tony was gripping them, but he managed to give a supportive squeeze back.
“Hey,” Tony says softly as he places his hands on Harley’s shoulders. “C’mon, Har, look at me.”
about being handed things and she’s worked to not make him uncomfortable since they met four years ago. She used to hand the paperwork to someone else, someone willing to take his weight from him, but that’s gone now so they’ve made do.
“Bucky killed Tony’s parents,” Steve says without preamble, and then sags against the table. Tony feels like he can’t breathe. “I knew since—“the Captain’s next breath hitches. “I knew since the incident in the Triskellion and I didn’t tell him. I—I thought—I didn’t want him to know. I thought I was protecting them both, but I—
“Why,” it’s not even a question. It’s more of a command. Military discipline is well engrained in Steve, and he snaps at attention at a commanding officer. Rhodes looks pleased.
Rogers’s eyes are still locked on his, though they flitter briefly to the side when the sound of the doors opening and closing breaks the silence in the room, and then they’re right back to where they started. Tony wishes that he could drop his eyes, or that he could fidget with the seam of his shirt, but the part of his brain that hates showing weaknesses is screaming loudly at him to front. That voice sounds far too much like Howard Stark, and he hates that he still listens to it. He hates it even more than it’s become louder in the past few months; and absolutely loathes that the voice he’d fought so hard for, the one that insists that he’s doing some good in the world, has become as afraid as a younger Tony was of his father. He clenches his fists on top of thighs in an effort to not rub at the throbbing on his temples, and grits his teeth.
Steve had wanted to do the same, but Vision had caught his eye and shaken his head. It had hurt, no, scratch that, it had
WAS IT WORTH IT?
“Mmm? Sorry, I just… got a lot on my mind lately,” Steve offers them a weak smile that he knows they will never accept, but he doesn’t know what to say. He’s been confronted by them time and time again, and by now they should already know what he’s going to tell them. He’s trying, and most days he’s content. But that’s just it, isn’t it? He’s content, but he’s not happy. Not utterly the way he once was.
but wait... there's more!
“Spare me the hypocrisy,” Tony says incredulously before Wanda or Barton can make a case for themselves. Steve turns red rimmed eyes towards him. Tony’s anger makes him cruel. “You can pretend you give a shit about me or my
. It’s just another day with the BARF.
“Yeah, I know,” Steve says hoarsly.
,” he said with a sardonic smile, “I’m still the dumbass that would rather set himself on fire than watch you all die.”
Being back in Brooklyn feels weird, even three years after his comeback, even though Steve desperately wishes it didn’t. Going out on his morning runs feels different now without the foggy, balmy air he had grown accustomed to in the last few years. The first year back, he’d had to remind himself every morning that his routine had undergone a change. He wouldn’t find the foggy air of London anymore, he wouldn’t go out and meet Peggy for an early morning coffee or get to the gallery or go down to the pub every other afternoon hoping to catch a glimpse at the news he doesn’t allow himself to seek anymore.
by a few months, Rogers. And I’d rather get this over with now than keep dragging our bullshit along. Can’t have the leader of the team distracted when he’s supposed to lead. God knows how they’ll be able to blame me for that, too.”
“You’d deserve it for lying to us,” and they’re back to that.
(See the end of the chapter for
As he stands there, watching a clearly excited Peter give a preening DUM-E a fist bump in greeting, something warm settles in Tony’s chest. He’s still furious for calling the kid. Furious at himself for mixing him up in all their shit, but perhaps he can still manage to turn their relationship around. And, maybe, Peter will end up teaching Tony a thing or two.
to be his friend just because and then one day he shows up in the middle of the fucking night soaking wet with a busted up face and shivering like crazy. And the only thing he could tell me was
“It was you,” Rogers’s voice sounds downright dangerous.
So after talking Natasha into dropping the metaphorical gun, he’d very quietly and seriously said, “Tasha, what was the plan if Stark didn’t manage to convince Cap?”
“Hap,” Rhodes says sternly though he doesn’t sound too upset. Hogan merely looks in the rearview mirror toward Steve, raising an eyebrow, daring him to say something, but the blond soldier merely grits his teeth. Fine. Fine, it’s all right. They’re protective of their friend, and really, it’s not like he hasn’t earned it. It’s not as if he’s earned worse. “Tony wouldn’t want you doing this shit, man.” Happy glares at Steve one last time, and then looks away, chastised. It’s clear by the tense silence in the car that neither man agree with their friend’s choice.
And because Steve’s timing is always so fucking great, once he begins to wonder these thoughts to himself, what little ground is left beneath his feet comes crumbling down. He’s out on a run on a Sunday morning, feet slapping against the damp pavement, when his phone vibrates with a notification. Then another. And another. And a whole barrage of them that annoy him enough to stop at a bench and check.
At eight am, they were all breakfasted and much more awake. They were due at the UN at nine fifteen, but they figured they should be getting ready to leave. As if on cue, T’Challa and Everett Ross and, surprising the living daylights out of everyone who knew him, Agent Phil Coulson walked into the room. Tony covered Nate’s ear and swore vehemently while Steve and Rhodey stared up at him wide eyed and Clint snorted loudly. Natasha, Steve noted absentmindedly, didn’t react at all. Sam, Scott, and Wanda stared between the newcomers and the others with curiosity. Vision merely smiled serenely.
Hogan opens the door for Rhodes and moves to the driver’s seat, leaving Steve to fend for himself. He’s not completely strapped in before Happy lurches the car forward and the blond nearly brains himself falling forward.
The knowledge that, if Tony chooses the path of revenge, it’d destroy them both. And the truth is, Tony doesn’t want to do that.
He stares, wide eyed and shaking, as Tony’s shoulders shake as he finally breaks.
“To check on my friend,” he says, voice cold. His coat isn’t even on before the door is slamming shut with enough force to rattle the walls.
“That’s more than enough out of you,” Cap brings a fist down on the table and the thing shudders even with the reinforcements Tony specified on every piece of furniture in the compound. They had the Hulk, all right, precautions seemed necessary. He’s not
“Every time I start to think you may not be an arrogant bastard you prove me wrong, Stark,” Barton says because of course.
“No, fuck this bullshit, Sam! This was a mistake. You know it. I know it. I’m not gonna sugar coat it. You fucked up,” he looks directly at Steve as he says it, and blows out a disgusted breath. After a moment of looking at each other, Bucky gets up and makes his way to the front door.
Rhodes spits the name, “ with his arm wrapped around his shoulders and he had—he had this wad of cash on one hand and fucking cup of
“But it
Peter pulls away with a frown on his face, but Tony shakes his head. It takes him a while, minutes or hours he doesn’t know, but eventually he finds enough strength to sit up properly. He scrubs a hand over his eyes, and when he looks up Peter is looking at him with that honest, open way only he can muster. A part of him, the broken jagged bitterness he carries every day, tells him that he’s being stupid. That he’s shared this part of himself with someone else before and he paid dearly for it. The other part, though, the tiny part that’s been sheltered by Peter’s visit and his honest affection, tells him to try.
“Har, breathe,” Tony says softly as the kid continues to wrinkle the hell out of his shirt. He lets the air out of his lungs slowly, and pinches the bridge of his nose. He’d forgotten how perceptive his kids are. He’d forgotten, though it makes him feel like shit, how much Harley had always cared. Even through the snark and the fronting and the big brother couldn’t care less attitude, the kid was gold. Through and through. “I’m not okay, you’re right. I will be, though, and I need you to believe that. I need you to believe that I will get better. I need you to believe that, and to go on being a kid and being rowdy and loud and blowing things up so that I can do it. So that I know that I
Things don’t go your way once, and you think that’s a good enough reason to put all of us behind bars. You put a kid behind bars because you couldn’t stand that someone else was more powerful than you! Wanda is half your age and has gone through much more than you can imagine, and you can’t
“On’ads!” Baby Bart cried gleefully, and the men laughed and followed the children. More sedately, obviously. Because they were grown men, and they were better than that. And if FRIDAY said otherwise, then she was a dirty liar.
“Dad!”
“Thought I’d bolt, your highness?” Tony says with a raised eyebrow.
“Peter is a minor,” Tasha says and her voice is the same as always. Though her eyes are hard and angry and they don’t waver from Clint. It’s far more effective to pin the archer down like a bug than anything Tony could have thought up. “If you had read the original accords, then you would have known its jurisdiction didn’t extend to children unless,” she bites off when the man opens his mouth, “they decide to involve themselves in something that is far beyond them. Wanda chose her side, Clint, nobody forced her. She decided to join the team, she decided to go on missions, and she
“Duh-mee?” Nate asks hopefully.
that Tony was in the compound. That Tony still called this place his home. “FRIDAY,
Steve is chuckling softly next to him, but when Tony turns to look at him there is sadness in his eyes. His hand is closer to Tony’s than it had been, and though the mechanic is happy about their proximity, there’s still something inside him that is screaming for him to get away. To put as much distance between himself and the soldier lest he get hurt again. He vehemently tells that part to shut up, but where he would have gotten closer before to see where the boundaries are, now he just makes a show of scratching his nose before replacing his hand on the grass, away from the soldier’s. He doesn’t miss the way Steve fists at the grass. He swallows hard and looks away.
Rogers gave him a tentative smile when he caught sight of him, which Tony resolutely ignored as he tried to look for a seat. Rhodey was already sitting between Viz and Cooper and T’Challa had been captured and was sitting between Lila and Cassie. The little girls were so excited, and couldn’t seem to contain their questions. When one of them called him Kitty King, and the other giggled, T’Challa’s narrowed eyes met Tony’s. Rhodey couldn’t keep his laugh in, and even Viz offered a serene smile. Tasha was shaking her head, and both Rogers and Wanda had a confused look on their face.
Clint begins the see the cracks then. The way one of Stark’s hands comes to rub at his chest. The way the other man’s sternum heaves like every breath is a struggle. The unhappy twist to his mouth. His eyes, what he’s famed for up and down SHIELD’s corridors, catch in the lines on the other man’s face and the deep circles under his eyes. He looks tired, so done with everything around him, and for a brief second Clint sees the years on Tony Stark’s face like never before.
“Then he’ll understand. He’ll want to make the bastard pay, too.”
Hope y'all enjoyed.
“Where is he?” Steve snaps, and then presses his lips to the baby’s head as he whimpers again. He feels his heart beating frantically against his chest. Tony hadn’t left the facility in the
“It’s fine,” he says and surprises himself with how steady his voice is. “Anything I didn’t want you to see would be off limits to you. FRIDAY would have let you know, and if you didn’t listen, well,” he says with a smile. He can’t quiet keep the dangerous edge off it, and feels the tension spike in the others. He can’t even say he’s sorry.
“Supercalifragilisticexpialidociously messed up?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You have no idea what the fuck you’re talking about,” Tony says quietly, and his eyes don’t drop from the other man’s.
The angry wind goes out of Hawkeye’s frame and he slumps back in his chair. Wanda immediately moves her hand to squeeze his under the table. If Tony wanted to be an asshole about the whole thing, he could insert a dirty joke there. Before, during the war, he might have done it, but the last few months have served to cure him of a lot of things. One of them being the compulsion to even attempt at a joke with people who hated his guts. Maybe he
Steve can’t help the smile he gives him before he leans down to kiss him, rough and fiercely like every morning they’ve woken up together, and Tony’s hands weave into his hair. Morning breath be damned, Steve deepens the kiss and presses closer to his husband. God,
This goes on for another hour or so. Bucky is stubborn, they all know it, and he doesn’t let up even when Sam tries to coax him away from the phone. His hands are shaking, and he snaps at his own boyfriend to leave him alone. He keeps saying that he
, how he’d never thought his parents had meant so much to the genius, but he can’t. He
Rhodey, bless him, doesn’t call him on his avoidance bullshit. Merely claps a hand on Tony’s shoulder and pulls him to his feet. “C’mon, man,” he says quietly. Tony gives him a grateful little twitch of his lips and follows him.
“It’s fine,” Tony said to the room at large. His eyes didn’t waver from Clint’s, though, as he showed the other man that he wouldn’t back down. Fuck his pride and his guilt, Tony had taken care of his family when he had fucked off to fight a war he had no business with. Tony had taken care of his family when he had picked a dangerously enhanced individual without training and without control over his family. He wouldn’t belittle what Tony had done in front of the others. He might have gotten a punch in when they had arrived, but he sure as fuck wouldn’t keep screwing him over. “I’ve never done it before. And if it appeases agent Barton’s sense of guilt to take care of his baby
“He said he’d be here,” she smiles one of her enigmatic smiles. “But he may have been, ah, detained.”
had known and
“Look, asshole—“
“But Peter chose to join you,” Sam says quietly, but thankfully there’s no accusation in his tone. Tasha acknowledges his question with a nod of her head.
, Steve thought sarcastically.
show him some respect.”
“He was trying to protect
“Now, Captain Rogers,” Phil’s voice pulled him out his reverie. The others had filed out of the room to gather their things and it was only him, Wanda, Vision and Phil in the room. The agent was now standing at the table near Steve though he hadnt taken a seat. “The king felt it necessary that I speak to you about the expectations of you as an approved guest. First and foremost I feel I must remind you that you are
Steve watches as Tony, his Tony in the ratty shirt, does a full body jerk at that.
“Clint,” another voice pipes up. Tony sees the other man stiffen and turn. Sam is the one on his feet now, and though he tends to be relaxed and open and friendly most of the time, Tony can see the military power and restraint coiled inside him at that moment. “He better return exactly as he is, if not better, or we will have problems. You got that?”
“After you, Agent Barton,” Tony says.
He tries though he knows it’s futile. They haven’t answered him in a while.
, Steve?” the mechanic said, derisiveness in his tone. “FRIDAY, roll the file on Scarlett for me.” his eyes didn’t waver from Steve as he handed him the tablet he had previously been looking over. Steve took it with a barely perceptible shake of his fingers, and then gasped. Crudely written messages, pictures of paper notes put together with magazine letters, ugly graffiti and dummies that looked like… “
“Enough!” Rhodey’s loud voice in his ear pulls Tony out of the reverie. They’re still trying to push their way towards the Bentley Happy is currently waiting in. God, he should have tried to find a back door or something. His temples pound with the horrible migraine he’s been having since the beginning of that day.
“It—I remembered it, because of you. I don’t—it’s just my shit talking, though. It’s not about—I mean.”
to earn back his memories. Tony has failed, from the very first moment, at distancing himself from people he loves. And the main reason why is now on his knees in front of him. So, yeah,
“But I was wrong. Even when Thor came back, and confirmed that you had been right, I was still so angry at you. I was so angry that you and Bruce had gone behind our backs to make Ultron, and God I was such a hypocrite. I was so angry that despite everything we’d been through you
“Well fuck you!” Tony screamed, shaking him again. “Fuck you, and your fucking team! That letter was a
“All right, mini-bots,” Tony said with a salute as he took Baby Barton from Cooper. The little boy cooed at him, and Tony gave him a grin. “The General is calling.”
So that’s how his wife found him, two hours and thirty seven minutes later; making loops through the halls that overlooked the woods. Baby Nate was resting his head on his father’s shoulder, making utterly pitiful whimpers and snuffling, mumbling to himself. Clint himself had run through his entire nursery rhyme repertoire, which usually worked at home, and most of his child friendly stories. He was all out begging his son to please calm down when Laura came striding down the hall, her arms extended to take the baby.
, again? Wanda was a kid, nobody would ever convince him otherwise, but… but it wasn’t all on him anymore, was it? Early on in his relationship, he had accused Tony of always thinking he knew better than everyone else. He had been a hypocrite then, and all his tenure as the de-facto leader of the Avengers, he had been accusing Tony of his own faults.
to talk and have it be meaningful.
He hadn’t wanted to stay around Clint and Wanda, though, and had left the table soon after that. He’d been followed by Sam, and surprisingly, Barton’s oldest child. Cooper had thrown one glare at where his father had been nuzzling baby Nate’s fuzzy hair, and had loudly scraped his chair back. His mother recalled him, but he’d merely shaken his head and followed the two superheroes out of the green house. He hadn’t said a word to them, despite Sam’s efforts to get him to talk, and had gone running off as soon as they’d been back at the main compound and Friday had informed them of Tony and the others’ whereabouts.
“I don’t,” Phil said simply with a small smile. “But I know the people in this room, and I know
The cheer in the room dies a sudden death at that.
to. Because it wasn’t fair that he was being treated like that, it wasn’t fair that he was buying shit for people who would—would get him drunk or
“Forget the com,” Steve can barely recognize his own voice. He feels exactly like he did waiting for the water to shut him down, cold and numb. “We’re tracking her down. Wheels up in less than five.”
had come, when he was floating around in that great vastness, and
“And if his choice was not to sign?” Lang asks, just as subdued as Sam.
happy for you because I thought, damn, Steve gets to have his person this early. He gets to be happy, and then you ran. I know your reasons were your own, and I know… I know you had to do things on your own time, but you hurt yourself with that, Steve, and you have to know I never agreed with that.”
Hopefully I'll still be around to finish these series. Hope you enjoyed
The rest of the ride back to the facility is marred with tense silence. The tension so thick it could be cut with a knife, and Steve racks his brain for something to say. Anything that doesn’t make him sound too stupid, but that brings the tension a bit lower. Most of his questions have to do with the time he’s missed states’ side, though, or about Tony and he’s not thoughtless enough to think the men in the car will be too forthcoming with that. Tony might not have said it explicitly, but he knows Rhodes and Hogan won’t hesitate to tell him where he can shove his concern. So they sit in silence, Happy’s eyes trained on the road ahead, and Rhodes looking out the window. Steve notices that one hand keeps fisting on the colonel’s leg, but doesn’t say anything. That is another thing that is not his place to mention, and he knows it, but goddamn it, he cares for Rhodes. He’d been part of his team for long enough to form a kinship.
He turned around with difficulty, but he wanted Barton to know how insignificant he thought him to be. It wasn’t true, Tony knew better than most how dangerous he truly was, but this was nothing more than a pissing contest. A way for Barton to prove to himself that he still had a hold over his family. That he could still provide. It might have been more animal instinct that anything else, but Barton wouldn’t take Tony down with him in this. If the sharp intake of breath from behind him was any indication, Tony had managed to hit his mark.
, they had created; why he decided to keep something so important from him. Maybe if he’d used the phone, maybe if he had gone away from the compound, maybe if Rogers had told him
, something he’d wished for desperately through the whole of their acquaintance, and now that he has it… it’s so frail. This delicate, vulnerable thing Steve has given him.
“I don’t care,” he said just as forcefully.
There’s a bit of awkward silence in the room, and then Peter makes a thoughtful noise. “I mean, I suppose Asgardians might have a language of their own.”
“Everything came spiraling down after that,” Rhodes sighs. His face is stoic, but his hand keeps clenching at his jeans. “If I had thought he was bad in college, it was nothing compared to what happened afterwards. He had no time to recover, you know, no time to really mourn them. We stayed like that for hours, and I think that’s about the only time he was allowed. Obie was breathing down his neck from the get-go about the company and his responsibilities and the goddamn press. He couldn’t go outside without a microphone shoved down his throat or a flash in his face. I should have fucking known Obie was dirty, you know, because the fucker made Tony
“Not now, Ms. Romanov,” he hears T’Challa’s quiet voice say behind him.
But he’s angry and bitter, and he’s never been the best at keeping his mouth shut.
“You gotta chill, man,” Sam said and he sounded angry.
“Colonel Rhodes called me,” he says quietly. His eyes move around the room, and when they land on DUM-E, his whole face lights up. Tony watches him move towards the bot before seemingly remembering where he is, and most importantly who he’s with. He glances back guiltily at Tony. “He said maybe I should come for a visit.”
He flips it open and puts the speaker up to his ear, but words fail him. What is he supposed to do now? What does he say? Where does he start? Is
The memory of Peter’s sad Bambi eyes will haunt him, he knows, and he hopes that the kid doesn’t feel like he’s pawning him off to someone else.
“Does that mean you don’t want the other slice I brought you?” and this time Tony’s eyes snap directly to Steve’s. He’s one of the last ones to make his way to the table; his cheeks are dusted pink in what Tony knows is embarrassment and he’s rubbing the back of his neck in embarrassment as everyone else, including Sam and Lang though with three notable absences, brings their own dessert to their impromptu greenhouse picnic.
“I want to be there,” Steve said at once. If it was witnesses they wanted, then he could be there. He could vouch for her. Hell, he could divert the blame on himself if necessary.
Steve surges forward without thinking, the consequences be damned, to cradle Tony’s head in his hands and make the other man meet his eyes. The mechanic begins struggling immediately, his eyes wide and fearful and most likely trapped in a memory of Steve’s making, but Steve can feel his hands shaking. He tightens his hold on Tony’s cheeks and angles his head up so that his eyes meet the soldier’s. He doesn’t know if this will still work or if the mechanic has too much fear in him, in
“You know me?” she says, a spark in her eye. She’s still suspicious, Tony can tell, but she’s not as stiff as before.
“You said during it a mission, with a group of people who can swear in five different languages in between them, and you expect us to let it go?” Rhodey snorts.
“Yes, it is!” Peter says urgently, looking at him. “You told me, months ago, to concentrate on being the friendly neighborhood Spider-Man, right? Well, I can’t be that if there is no neighborhood!” Tony just looks at him for second, this heroic idiot of a son he’s been blessed with, and can’t help but feel an utter love and awe that he has played a part in raising him. Peter is the best parts of himself, and even if he wishes he could wrap him and his daughter in a bubble and keep them far away from this mess, Tony knows that is impossible. The best he can do is have Peter’s six at all times. The boy must confuse his silence for anger, though, because he starts stress-blabbering again. “Okay, that didn’t really make sense, but—”
“I was thinking about the Ultron program before we went into that bunker. I won’t deny it, but the equation—I couldn’t seem to solve it. I wanted him to be like—sort of like an extension of Jay—“Tony blinks down at their hands and clears his throat.
Bucky doesn’t speak to him for two whole weeks, after. When he had turned back to their apartment, crying and shaking and barely coherent, his best friend had assumed something had happened to Tony. Him and Sam had been cuddling on the sofa when Steve had stumbled in with a vacant look in his eyes. After sitting him down and warming him up, Bucky had started with the questions. Eventually, Steve had managed to tell them what had happened.
“When did you tell him?” Sam asks in horror.
“You don’t need my permission, but I’m telling you, you
“Whoa,” he says as he throws an arm to catch Harley around the torso, and readjusts Baby Bart on his other arm. “Slow down a bit. What is Green-Wood?”
at Harley. “I don’t care how much of a dick Adler is. You can do better than this, Keener.”
“And you are. I would not jeopardize your safety if he weren’t here on good will,” T’Challa says. His tone has a soft note of reprimand.
and—” Steve feels himself getting worked up into a state. His breathing in picking up and the angry tears are welling up in his eyes.
Steve
He was halfway down the stairs when he caught himself.
He decides that they’re all pretty damn fucking lucky to even get that much.
Bruce had lost sight of them; the last image he had was of Tony’s repulsors blasting to follow Spider-Man who was dangling off the alien’s made-up platform.
, Wanda’s voice says in his head. So this was it. This is what makes the great Tony Stark destroy himself. Not a kidnapping, not a terrorist cell, not open heart surgery, not even betrayal…
“You were dead,” Wanda says softly before Tony can reply. Tony drops into his chair when his legs can’t hold him anymore. God. He wraps his arms around his middle. “All of you. You were… I don’t know where you were, but everyone he loved was dead. Even the big monster.”
Four weeks after Stone’s bailout and his move, the gossip is turned to Tony once again. It had just started to wind down, but then the vultures were on him again. They have grainy footage of him doing jelly shots off a model at some night club, and then the splash of what apparently passes as news nowadays.
at each other and Baby Barton burped and giggled. This continued for another couple minutes until FRIDAY informed them that Laura was requesting their presence for dinner, and also announced that T’Challa had arrived with their special package about an hour before. Which explained where Ste-
Banner’s tablet lights up with a hologram in the shape of a human being. Those anatomical sketch things Steve has seen in some books. He can see the organs of the figure and the veins; around the hologram pop up charts and schematics and tables and numbers. But what calls Steve’s attention, what forces him to get off his ass and push past Natasha is the semi-triangular object in the chest of the figure.
“Why did he have to leave us for her though?” and Tony can feel him crying again.
“Pete,” Tony whispers now, heart pounding in his chest. It’s always a toss-up, how Peter will react to breakdowns like this. Most days, in a move practiced by Tony which infuriates the mechanic, he’ll take a deep breath and tell his father that he’s fine. Other times, he’ll scream till he’s hoarse. Tony lets him have those because God knows it’s leaps and bounds better than destroying half the compound’s rooms. Less often, though, he will fling himself into his father’s arms and weep like his heart is broken. Tony’s own gets destroyed every time that happens. “Come on, kiddo. Come to dad, come one.”
“Yeah, dad,” Peter says, a huge sigh falling off his lips. “I hear you.”
“Like she wasn’t already,” Sam said, and Tony snorted in surprise. The pilot gave him a big grin as Scott continued to bemoan his daughter’s corruption into nerdhood.
“I feel as though the Captain meant for
“Maybe that’s true, but she damn well can trigger someone’s anxiety, Clint! She sure as fuck can make a person have an episode because of what she did! And
he calls out desperately. He cards his fingers through his hair and holds on to his head. From where Steve’s sitting, it looks as though the genius is trying to keep his skull in one piece. He leans both hands on the glass, his vision blurry by tears, as he watches.
Tony grimaces and lets out a chuckle. “Try your front yard?”
“Captain Rogers, temporary access, granted,” FRIDAY’s voice says and the door separating him from the corridor suddenly opens. He stands there, mute, as he looks at the dimly lit corridor. “Sir is running simulations down this hall.”
“I know,” the mechanic says with a smile. And he
, I want you to remember that the people he’s loved most are either dead or have stabbed him in the back. He’s getting better, now. With the kids, and with us, and we would all be damned if we let you lot drag him down again. Am I understood?”
“Unc’a ‘Ohhhnyyy,” the baby says in delight and nuzzles his nose onto Tony’s goatee. He giggles at the feel of the fuzzy hair, and Tony’s heart melts. God, this kid. He’s burrowed himself so deep into the mechanic’s heart it’s not even funny.
“It’s… different, now. Everything is so—“
is the only thought in his head. Though he’s standing tall, a power Steve always knew he would grow into exuding from him, there are lines around his mouth and, when he takes his sunglasses off as though he can’t believe his eyes, around his eyes as well. Even there, though, across the expanse space, his eyes are unmistakable.
“He blamed Howard, you know,” Rhodes says after a while. “He must have been drunk, he was probably yelling at mom, he was distracted, he was going too fast—he had all these theories of what could have been. When he wasn’t blaming some random unknown driver, he blamed his dad. Can you imagine what that must have been like? For him to think that his own father had taken
Tony nodded, and was surprised to find that he actually was. It took some time, but soon the girls were chatting to T’Challa again and Laura and Tasha were conspiring with each other. Viz and Wanda were talking quietly to one another while Sam, Lang and Rogers were insulting each other’s teams. Rhodey tucked into his pizza while Cooper shot questions at him about his army training and his time at MIT. From the side, Baby Bart made smacking noises with his lips as he was given small bites of pizza, and Barton marveled at how big he had gotten.
I shall try to post again on Friday though I don't promise anything.
Plus, Tony would never. Despite how much Steve had fucked up, all the bridges he had burned, Tony was better than that. Tony had always been better than that.
Steve snaps, and then he makes a mistake. And Tony will look back at this and realize this is the moment when they’d fucked up. One step forward, and about a million steps back. Steve snaps at him, and he’s got that determined look on his face that says he’s not backing out, and then he steps forward. And Tony? Tony’s in a disadvantaged position, and his fucking genius brain makes the leap in a fraction of a second. The conditioning kicks in, as his brain does the math and runs through its different scenarios, and comes to the quick conclusion that
IF ANY OF THESE TRIGGER YOU PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT READ.
“Yeah,” Rhodey croaks quietly, sitting next to Steve with some difficulty. A distant part of the soldier’s mind hopes he isn’t even contemplating to take the baby away from him because he’s quite sure he’d rip it off. “Sarah Morgan Star—”
“I already have,” the mechanic says wretchedly and the shame makes it harder for him to breathe.
“You’re gonna regret saying that in a second,” Tony says with a grin. Sam’s laugh, Baby Bart’s giggles when they go in and see the mess of toys in the room, and the kids’ easy cheer for him makes his chest fill with a peculiar sort of warmth. For once, though, he decides not to look at it too closely and instead enjoy it. just for a bit.
“It wasn’t his fault,” Steve had said duly, eyes trained on the carpet at his feet. He knew Bucky’s sympathy wouldn’t last for long once he told the truth.
Don’t let him sleep, he roams around the compound in his pajamas. More often than not he finds himself being redirected back to the Blue zones by a clinical voice that turns his stomach. It’s in one these trips that he makes his discovery.
“I’m so sorry, Steve,” she’d said, eyes bright with tears. “I just—Believe me, I wish I could return the feeling, but—I just,” she’d rolled her eyes at herself then, sniffling. “There’s someone else. I’ve met someone, and I think he might be it, Steve. I think he might be my person.” She’d looked down with the type of smile Steve had never seen before at a bracelet wrapped around her hand.
He ripped his hand away from the Captain and wrapped his arms around himself. He glared down at him, the sympathy he’d felt before evaporating and leaving him desolately cold.
And I know you don’t believe me, okay, but you let me prove to you that despite everything I am still your friend.”
Y'all it's been a minute!
“Tony, please—“
“But I wasn’t. you know me—“
Still, they listen. Steve knows that Jarvis, because who else could tell Bucky that? Would not have sent his friend away if he didn’t think it was the best thing for Tony. Even though it kills him inside, even though all he wants to do is beg Tony’s forgiveness, he knows that the only thing he can do is give Tony time and space to grieve in peace.
, but so far he hadn’t gotten more than small talk from the boys.
Harley screams and his eyes are wide in almost-panic. Steve swallows hard at the distress on the boy’s face. And he looks just like what he is when before he’d looked like a miniature adult; a copy of Tony who’d learned the genius’s mannerisms well. Now, though, he looks like a scared little boy who has no idea what to do. “I was scared that you needed someone to talk you out of your head again and there was nobody around. I could
. “You would never hurt me. You would never raise any part of your armor to hurt us.”
“His eyes were all glassy and he was—Tony has always rambled,
“It wasn’t the same!”
. This, though, this is something that’s better left alone. Some bridges just can’t be rebuilt.
of them would keep you in this compound if they didn’t think you needed the help. I know they wouldn’t be putting this much effort if they didn’t consider you a part of their team.”
, that same dark corner says,
“I—it was—we all did it. Tasha helped with the evidence and T’Challa went and braved the UN. I just… I just threw money at things,” he says with a half-assed shrug.
“I’m sure we all have questions,” T’Challa continues with a smile thrown at their new member. Rhodey has moved to sit next to Viz, and he gives Peter a friendly squeeze as his eyes meet Tony’s. They’ve gotten good at the whole silent communication by now. By quiet agreement, they’ve both decided that any shit thrown at Peter will be handled by both of them. “Thank you for joining us, Spiderman.”
They should have never told Steve not to check the news, they know him, which is why that’s the very first thing he does. Later, he’ll think it’s good luck that he stopped by that bench because somehow he ends up collapsing onto it like his legs have been taken out from underneath him at the knees. He hasn’t had a panic attack in quite a while, it feels like when he was very little and his asthma was very bad, but his chest tightens and his lungs feel too big for his ribs. An elderly woman walking her dog slows down in front of him, he knows this in a peripheral way, and asks if he’s all right. He doesn’t know what his response is, knows only the words blurred in front of his eyes, but in a short time he’s left alone again.
The mechanic looked up at him, clearly unfocused, and gave him a distracted wave. His attention quickly called back to whatever he was doing on the tablet. Steve, not to be deterred, stood close by with his arms crossed over his chest. He needed answers, and there was only one person who would give them to him. He didn’t bother to think about why it meant so much to hear the why out of
. “Was a lot more dangerous than the draft that finally made it into your hands.” He doesn’t look at the Captain as he says it, but he doesn’t feel too bad about it. His eyes rest on T’Challa who stares back at him solemnly. “Not many of us saw those first… mandates, is what Ross liked to call them. There was no pretense, there, no leniency. The Raft would have been our option if we were
“He’s a
“Yes, Peter needs to clean up his mess, Bart-Bot. Dum-dum, go help your brother,” Tony says, now at Steve’s side, but he has a mischievous grin on his face as he pretends not to hear Peter’s stuttering or notice his red cheeks. “Hey, you.”
“It’s not you fault, babbo. I know how much it hurts you too. I just—I just keep thinking it’ll get easier, you know? I keep trying to make myself work through it; trying to tell myself that I have you and zio Rhodey and Viz, but it just—some days I just feel so
“Sergeant Barnes is in a secure location north of this compound. I was made aware that there was a property there that was… available. He won’t be disturbed and will be in comfort to make a speedy recovery. The owner of the property was gracious enough to let us borrow his home,” Tony pretends he doesn’t know what the hell he’s talking about.
Steve numbly got up from his chair, and approached the baby and his mother. You’d think he was approaching a feral animal with the expression etched in his face. He could feel the kids looking at him as he extended his arms for the baby. Nate let go of his mother’s blouse when he felt himself be lifted, and then latched onto Steve’s. Recalling his baby sitter days when he was still a little runt, Steve began to sway from side to side.
Steve closed his eyes and wept, alone in the cold of a fall afternoon in Austria, miles away from his family.
It’s not a lie, and even though it’s taken him this long to realize it, he knows that it is nothing but the truth. He could have made him happy as a poor student at nineteen standing in a college campus. At twenty four across the globe as a starting curator. Two years ago living in a tiny apartment with his friends. He could have made him happy then, and he could do so now, if only he chose to. He chose to be better for the both of them.
did. Now, the baby had just woken up from his nap and Steve was waiting for him to become a little less groggy to take him into the kitchen for his lunch.
. He wants to give in to this, whatever it may be, that he’d begun to realize somewhere between the last few months they spent at the compound and that last blow to his arc reactor. He realizes how messed up that is.
“I promised Dummy I’d come by,” the kid says as though he’s on a mission to break Tony’s complete heart at once.
The name jolts him into moving faster out of the medbay. Maybe not his smartest plan, but he won’t—he refuses to lose someone else. When he needed her, Nebula had forced him to push forward. She had made him eat. She had kept him warm when he refused to care for it. And once, even though they both may have hated it, she had placed a hand on his shoulder and hadn’t moved when he finally cried. He won’t—he
“Actually we do,” Bruce pipes in from where he had been studying the hologram. He had a tablet in his hand, FRIDAY running diagnostics for him as the only one with the access codes now, and Steve refuses to think of how much that hurts. “Thor, Stormbreaker might be able to, right?”
It seems like there’s someone watching out for it because it’s only been about two weeks after shit has hit the fan when Tasha shows up. Ross and Zemo are in custody, the Accords are on the process of being amended though both Tony and T’Challa are hopeful that they will be destroyed all together, and pardons are being written. He’s barely slept since the whole ordeal started and he knows his shaking is more than just nervousness, but he trudges on every day.
5) Ayyyyyyyyy Pepper+Happy
the man mumbles, pressing kisses there. “I missed you, too.”
. I fell for all the bullshit you gave me. Just like—“
to talk to someone who isn’t Rhodey about it, and isn’t that the biggest surprise of it all? That Tony actually
he tells himself. “Figured you’d still want to get one in before you all left for the trial.”
“And it seemed like that might have been the final straw, you know? Sure he went to the occasional party, but once I asked it was like—he had this idea in his head that he had a reputation to maintain, you know? It seemed crazy to me, but one day—there was this stupid gossip rag in the trash bin, and there he was. This grainy picture of him at a party, and something about how he was
, over and over again, and I wanted to
“Don’t,” he tells her quietly, pain flaring up in his chest. He can see where this road leads them and he does not want to be the person responsible for breaking what little is left of their team.
, and he was sitting on a couch this asshole
“Tony has been here the whole time. That’s why—that’s what the red zones mean, isn’t it?” he smacks his forehead as he realizes something. “
“Oh God,” Scott moaned. “You’ve turned my kid into a dork.”
He was… Peter was
stop, and I ended up doing more damage than I ever wanted to. I broke so much, but,” Tony sighs and shakes his head. “What I’m saying is, it’s really hard, but maybe we all need some time.”
and he—he sounded just like before as he told me his parents were dead. He sounded just like the kid who’d told me Ty had hit him and he didn’t know
“Son, I’m just trying—“
Tony looks up at him, and is surprised to see something like concern in the younger man. He must be imagining things, he convinces himself, and raises to his feet. He can feel Ross’s dark glare on his back as he takes the podium.
“Poetry helps,” Peter blurts out. Tony looks at him curiously and cocks his head. “MJ lets me see hers, sometimes. It’s really good. She—sometimes she helps me put all this,” Peter makes a motion to his chest and his brain and then pretends to make a ball out of it and Tony exhales in relief. Someone
his Ma had told him once after mass. It had been ’34 or ’35 and men with good looking suits were sitting on the sidewalks with their heads in their hands. When women who’d once been pretty stood on the streets, holding babies to their hips, trying to send whatever they had while their husbands went off to wherever they needed to find a job.
“That one was a collectible!”
“Look, Tony, I know how you feel about him, but that?” he points to the soldier, who’s just looking at the ground and shaking his head. “That looked an awful lot like—“he’s about to start shouting again and Tony wraps his hands around the colonel’s biceps.
“Wow, you are a seriously loyal piece of outer-wear, aren’t you?” he tells it and the thing, no joke, actually fucking shrugs. Tony is going to need so much therapy if he ever makes it back to earth because really, honestly, what in the fuck?
On the screen, what he thought was a disaster somewhere remote, is actually New York. Amid the dust and confusion and utter pandemonium, in the background, the silhouette of Stark Tower. Steve can’t even afford a second of heartache at that, though, because the focus of the scene takes precedence.
“Sam,” Nat reprimands quietly but her mouth is twisted in an unhappy curve and Steve’s hands are tight fists as he tries to reign in his temper. Christ, it has been long enough. He would have thought Wanda would grow out of the resentment, though he supooses it should have been obvious that she was vehemently against it after the comments she’s made since Clint “liberated her” from the compound.
“I want to believe you,” he tells Steve and forces his eyes up to meet the other man’s. The blond is a little blurry, but he soldiers on. Heh, soldiers on. Looks like he’s finally what Steve wants, he thinks a bit hysterically. “So desperately, Steve, but—I don’t know if I can. I think we’re finally in a good place, and then it’s like the rug gets torn out from underneath my feet and I’m—I’m right back on the hellicarrier, or—or at Clint’s farm having you—or that bunker and I—all I can see when—when we go at it like that is you getting in my face and—and—the weight—I can feel the gauntlet on my hand, Steve, and I’m so scared. I’m always so scared that I’m going to—that I could—“
Steve stowed in his anger for the next day and a half. Every time he asked FRIDAY where her boss was, she informed him that the man was out of the compound. The third time, when she mentioned Manhattan, Steve had felt something like jealousy flare up in his chest. He split his time between the gym and trying to help Wanda prepare for her upcoming hearing. The others, mainly the children, gave them a wide berth. He didn’t want to think about what that meant, if Tasha or Laura had spoken to them, and what it said about their actions that they were clearly kept away.
,” his voice sounds broken. “You’re afraid of me. And it’s not just—you’re not afraid of Cap, you’re afraid of
It had been ten days now since he’d last seen Tony, and he’d begun to worry. The next day, Peter and Harley walked into the communal kitchen for breakfast but didn’t stay. They’d taken one look at Clint, and swore under their breath collectively, and even FRIDAY’s chirp of
“Steve? Did you hear what I said?” It’s only when Natasha speaks that he realizes he has been staring at an empty bowl for the last few minutes. From the corner of his eye he can see Sam sitting up on the couch and throwing a concerned glance their way. Steve waves an arm at him and goes to the cupboard to get some cereal.
“They said no?” Steve couldn’t quite mask the incredulousness in his voice. He felt that same ugly dark thing rear its head. The anger and disappointment he carried that often led him to forget the good things Tony did. The twisted part of him that still, despite everything, had a hard time looking past the
It feels as though it’s the first struck of luck for them in a long while because Phil Coulson turns out to be exactly who they need. He’s a no-nonsense type of guy that Steve feels as though will set Tony on edge, but he’s also soft-spoken and kind that allows Tony to relax. He meets with them separately at first, and every time Tony has to go in alone Steve worries and paces.
he thinks.
matured, at least a little bit, in the past few months.
that came after—well, after. That Peter and Morgan should never see their father crumble; not when he was the only one left with nobody else to tag in. but maybe he’d gone about it the wrong way; Tony knows, goddamn well, his propensity to hide the way he actually feels. He knows that his proficiency at it manages to fool even those he trusts the most at times. maybe what Peter needed wasn’t the image of a strong parent, but of his dad who went through his trauma and is struggling, no matter how much practice he’s had, to work through the fall out.
The hardest session, by far, is the day they talk about the way Tony had reacted the first time they made love. The reason why they were talking to Coulson to start with. He knows Tony and Coulson had agreed that he was ready, even though it had been months since they began and Steve had thought it was just something that he wouldn’t get to know about. He was wrong, though, and he’s incredibly nervous as he sits next to his partner and Tony holds his hand.
“Give me until tomorrow,” Banner says, already walking out of the room. “He’s gonna need medical, and everything here is a mess. The least we can do is prepare.”
“Box?” the boy asked tentatively.
“Sorry, for those of us in the room who have no idea what’s going on, who are you?” Scott said through a mouthful of toast. Sam whacked him on the back of the head and said
“Okay,” Steve says immediately. He gives Tony a small hesitant smile before taking a cautious step forward. “Tell him I said hello,” he whispers in Tony’s ear before planting a soft kiss on Tony’s cheek. The mechanic feels his skin heat up.
“I swear it!” Steve says after they’ve both caught their breath. “She’d say it was for ma own good, but I dunno ‘bout that seeing as she was very, uh, diligent about it. That woman had one heck of a hearin’ though,” the blond says fondly. Tony has noted that his accent thickens when he’s talking about his Ma, as he calls her, still. “I’m half convinced the only reason mine’s so good ‘s ‘cause’a her.”
,” Tony rears back at the venom in the boy’s voice.
Bucky: Don’t look at the news, Stevie.
“I don’t understand,” Tony says now, his brown eyes wide and his eyelashes casting shadows over his cheeks from the street lamp. Just a minute ago he had been smiling, his warm mittened hand holding tightly onto Steve’s, and yet here he is.
in so long, he feels as though he can conquer the world. Or his own son, but he thinks
Carry That Weight--The Beatles
A few things:
“He’ll be fine,” Tasha says though she’s staring at Steve. There’s a warning on her face. “Tony knows what he needs. It’s about time we start realizing that.”
In between
Stark merely shakes his head; Clint can tell he’s already tired of the conversation. The sun has fully set by now, and all around them the compound’s and the green house’s lights are burning bright. Stark looks towards where the others are gathered. “I’m done talking about her, Clint. I can’t—I will never see her the way you do, just as I doubt you’d ever get over what Loki did to you,” the comparison grates on the archer’s nerves, but he doesn’t say anything. “And as for Wanda, I’d suggest you talk to Natasha about that. She was a lot more hands on with the Accords and the press than I was. My job was to try to convince Cap to listen. They thought he would listen to me; co-leader and all that bullshit,” he laughs bitterly. “But that’s not what we should be talking about here, Clint. This isn’t about just you and me; hell, it’s not even about the bullshit that we call a team. This is about Cooper,” Stark takes off his sunglasses and looks directly at the archer. Clint can’t remember ever seeing him this serious. “That boy in there loves you, Barton. He’s kind and loving, and fucking brilliant. You and Laura have raised a damned good kid, and you have no right making him feel the way you have. No, shut up,” Stark makes a motion with his hand to cut it out. Clint snaps his mouth so hard his jaw aches. “That boy loves you, and he fucking needs you, Clint. They all do, but they need
But he was awake and breathing and trying to function. Because he had a kid that came by almost every day, rode the subway because he didn’t want to inconvenience Mr. Hogan or overstay his welcome. He had a kid that touched him comfort even when Tony’s anxiety was making him act like a lunatic. He had a kid who babbled and laughed and sang just as loud as Tony did when he was in the zone. He had a kid at home who ate cold pizza and watched television upside down and cuddled with DUM-E for naps and fell asleep more often than not with his head on Tony’s shoulder.
“Clint, we talked about this,” Tasha’s voice joined from the table.
Tony never answers the phone. Bucky tries and tries and tries, for weeks, but eventually the operator’s voice tells him the number has been disconnected. Bucky doesn’t give up for a while, though, he goes back to New York one weekend and doesn’t tell Steve. Sam is the one that sits with him waiting for news. Bucky calls once to say he’s trying, but by Monday he’s back and locks himself into his room.
Steve will remember them later, after his whole world comes crumbling down around his ears, he will remember the itty-bitty shoe that had been lying on the ground at the entrance of the war room. He will remember the baby-powder scent that was barely in the air but to which his senses had become quite accustomed to when his son was little. He will remember all of this later, after he’s told Ross exactly where he can shove his accords bullshit. After he has told Ross to go fuck himself because he was here for his husband and son, who should have
“I’m so fucked,” Tony groans melodramatically.
He had hoped that the rest would help, no school or work to worry about, but the time off had only left him feeling like a caged animal. There’s nowhere on campus that he can go without risking seeing Tony or one of his friends. The thought alone of what Rhodes or Hogan might do to him if they see him makes him cringe. He knows he should feel ashamed of his cowardice, but the constant heartbreak tends to numb everything else. Being in the apartment isn’t much better, either. Bucky might not still be ignoring his existence, like he did the first week, but he’s still so incredibly angry.
“I didn’t sign,” Peter says with a jut of his chin. He’s defying the archer to keep questioning.
“Why—Tony,” and this time it sounded more like a whimper. “I left you there. I
running through my mind. Please, just give me something. I’m begging you, just a few hours,” he says quietly.
through the glass. Warmth and comfort and home. Yet,
He’s rocking himself back and forth on his seat, elbows on his thighs and his fingers tearing at his hair, as he tries to gulp in air. His chest feels tight, though, the belts and zippers on his suit constraining and, God, everything is so fucking hot. Why is everything so hot, the air, the suit, the seat, the tears running down his cheeks. Jesus. Christ, what is he going to do. He was supposed to protect them. He was supposed to be there. He was his husband, Peter’s Papa, he was supposed to keep them fucking safe and now—now—
“It is, but I think we should just be glad we haven’t killed each other yet. Not for like of trying, I guess, but there’s that.” Tony stretches his back and scratches at the back of his head. God, he’s sore.
“Yes, but how did she get there, Tony? Wouldn’t she need clearance? What about your security detail? You said it yourself, Happy is a stickler for badges, remember?” Tony’s mouth ticks up at the corner at the mention of that tidbit. It would be endearing if Steve weren’t so focused at the moment. He
“Es-que!” Baby Nate said and then giggled.
“Very good, baby boy!” Tony said and offered him a fist bump. He’d spent his whole last visit teaching the kid how to do it, and was insanely proud when Baby Bart had decided that was the only acceptable greeting he could give to anyone he met. The first time he’d seen Vision after that had the android giving Tony a droll stare, though there was a smile on his lips.
“There weren’t sides to pick for me, Coop,” he says and makes sure he meets the boy’s eyes. He wants him to know that he’s not lying. That Tony will try his very best to never lie to him, or the others. That the bond they’ve all formed is too pure, means far too much, for him to ever break by lying. “To me, it was all about my family. I—well, the truth is that some very bad people came to talk to me about the accords before anyone else, and they—your aunt Tasha would say that they threatened me, but I think they more talked me into accepting being part of the accords. The way I saw it, if I pretended to be for these new laws then I’d have the in, you know? I’d be able to work with and against them at the same time. I supported the basic idea about them; the idea of accountability, meaning that I understood that we needed to be put in check and be responsible for our actions.”
“That was totally not our fault,” Harley says and grins at Tony. The mechanic feels his chest expand with a level of comfort and love for the kid that he doesn’t quite feel ready to express. The way the kid looks at him, though, tells him that maybe he doesn’t have to. “How are you, really?”
the shwarma they’d ordered was… the Steve that was part of all those small snapshots Tony held so dear, so coveted, it was crushing to see that Steve and have him be so overshadowed by the Captain and the shield that had been imbedded in his chest.
“I know, I know! But I—”
“With Barnes,” he says, and his voice is no longer the controlled tone that he has perfect. Tasha’s mouth quirks up. “How is he?”
“They
“—hoooooly crap! It’s you, jeez, is this real life? is this
“These guys givin’ you any trouble, buddy?” he says with a grin that becomes wider when DUM-E looks up with his camera and makes a shrieking noise. Clearly, he had been waiting for a helping hand even though his brothers are on the side without having made a peep. The little guy drops the jug, causing Harley to double over laughing and Nate’s giggles to get louder in response, before rolling over to hide behind Steve grasping his shirt.
He underestimates his spider, as always, because the kid doesn’t let him retreat. They’ve become experts, he and Peter, at disabling each other’s defensive mechanisms. Without warning, the kid rushes and gives him a solid squeeze. Tony chuckles quietly, and pats him on the back softly. “Harley called,” Peter says quietly, just for him, and the mechanic suppresses a groan. There is a full dress down in his future, and he knows it damn well.
mark was, but Peter pretended not to notice. They had grown quite accustomed to this game, the both of them.
“Dude, it’s your favorite,” Harley says as he passes a slice of peach cobbler to Cooper. The boy surreptitiously wipes his arm across his eyes, and the others politely look away. “Your mom is a badass cook.”
from captivity. He has the presence of mind not to say this out loud because he’s damn sure either Rhodey or even Sam would punch him again, but still. It makes a heavy weight sink in his stomach because while the memories are hard to think about, looking at Tony like this feels even worse.
“I know,” he says wretchedly. Because he
did you put into his head?!” Steve, because this isn’t Cap and Tony can’t pretend like he’s not invested into this conversation. The blond’s eyes tear away from his and his nose flares as he glares at Wanda. She stares back at him with wide eyes. “What the
Now is different, though, and Steve feels a pang of guilt at that. There are times when Tony just
For those of y'all who have hung around this long and keep sending loving, encouraging messages, I wanted to tell you all how thankful I am. I'm sorry I didn't get back to everyone individually.
“What?” she says uncomfortably, her eyebrow arched.
Natasha, who’d been having a very serious conversation with Lilly about the benefits of having her Barbie doll be a ballerina assassin or a teacher spy, turns to raise his eyebrow at him. Her lips press together to hide her amusement. “What happens when you swear in front of all of them?”
“You look like crap.
“Tony, think about it. Where did she find you?”
“He doesn’t owe them shit,” Rhodey continues just as furiously.
“FRIDAY will know what to do,” Tony reassures him while looking at Steve.
watch.
But Tony didn’t have the words to say that, anymore, and his eyes were drooping. His limbs felt like they were filled with lead; he felt heavier then than when he was in the armor. So he let his eyes close, one hand reaching out to the boy that had been jostled away by the paramedics but he was gone. Tony’s fingers stretched, desperately, his eyes roaming around but the boy was gone.
“I don’t see how that’s important,” the genius said coldly.
Like the old man said, rigt?]
is the last thing he thinks before doing an about face and heading back home.
is what they wanted for her. You think that the news reels were bad, you think CNN questioning her intentions or Fox News asking for her extradition were bad, but none of you had seen any of this. None of you knew, because I was trying to protect you from them. And this isn’t all of it,” Steve looked up in shock. Tony gave him a sad smile, and looked away. “There is a file on every single one of you. You’ve seen some of it, Steve, I know you have. I know what it does to you when you see yourself next to the word fascist,” Steve reared back unconsciously and Tony gave him an apologetic look. “Tell me something, Steve, how many trips around the world do you think I do a year? Hell, per month?”
agreed against it. Because you said you were done, because you had a
“Yeah, Pete. Because. That’s just the way it is.”
as always, non-beta'd so. you know. plenty of errors, most likely.
a vicious voice snarls in his head. Steve feels his legs stumble when the self-recrimination hits him. He shakes his head hard to dispel the thought, but the guilt has already settled. He doesn’t know what it says about him that
It’s all downhill from there. Similar to how things went with the team, Tony does nothing but watch the progression of things. T’Challa brings forth the arrest of the former Avengers and the, surprisingly enough, lack of fair trial. He brings forth the footage of the Raft and the conditions under which Wanda, unfortunately a legal adult though young nonetheless, was kept by Ross’s orders. The General turns back, furious, to seek Tony but all he does is stare defiantly back. Tony isn’t just buying the Avengers’ freedom here, after all.
“Of course, Steve. Together, isn’t that what you said?”
“Tony, who is Charlie?” It’s only because his eyes are roaming all over the other man’s face that he notices the immediate tension. A stranger wouldn’t have noticed because Tony is just that good. Less than five minutes ago he was breaking apart at the seams, and now there he stands. The futurist, the playboy, the genius… untouchable. God. “Please, don’t lie.”
“So are we just going to stare into each other’s eyes for the rest of the day or are you actually going to talk, Rogers? You know, contrary to what you and your merry men think I
, but I can’t be him if I’m a mess. And I am, Tony, I get so
, asked for him before. He’d been trying names for the past few days, but his hadn’t come up since that time during lunch. Now, the baby rubbed his forehead against his mother’s shoulder and whimpered his name again.
“C’s get degrees,” Harley mutters and steve is afraid Tony might pop a vein if the confrontation keeps going. He is too entertained to interrupt, however. “Anyway, I’m talking about the fact that you didn’t tell Pete that
don’t answer. Not since
It was the first step in a journey Steve didn’t know he would ever be able to walk again.
“He’s right,” Steve says, but before Rhodey can puff up even more in anger, he directs his eyes to Hawkeye and pins him with an intense stare. “I have no right to act like I’m somehow better than you. Not after what I did.”
He places himself on one end of the table and breathes in the smell of the flowers. He remembers lilac and peonies, because they were his mother’s favorites and to this day the only flowers he can identify by smell, and lets his eyes roam over them among the tulips and violets he’d always been partial to. He refuses to dwell on the memories of flowers associated with his father. There’s an ache in his chest as he reminisces. The greenhouse had always been a source of comfort for him, but now it seems to only be bringing him longing and guilt.
He does the only thing he can think off that that is grab one of Tony’s hands, he makes a mental note to tend to the scratches on the other man’s arms once he’s calmed down enough, and place it on his chest. He crowds against Tony and hunches himself to make a safe space in the vastness of the cemetery. He mumbles comfortingly and takes in exaggerated breaths to allow Tony to focus on them and begin to calm down. It takes a while, far longer than Steve is truly comfortable with, before Tony’s trembling winds down enough for the brunette to step away. He plays with the cuffs of his long sleeve and refuses to meet Steve’s eyes.
“What did you plan to do after?” Lang’s voice was nothing but curious. “You said what they saw was bad, but not as bad as it could have been. If those were the stakes, how were you planning to do better?”
don’t speak to him, he wants to see
When he makes his way into the dining room behind Steve and Harley, Tony allows himself a small smile. Steve turns to give him a tentative one in return, and the dark haired genius feels his cheeks heating up. Yeah, he knows the big crash is coming, knows that he’ll need Steve when it happens the same way Steve will need
“Terra?” Tony asks, though he already knows. A cold sweat breaks out in his forehead.
, Steve Rogers, would have done if he’d thought for over
After all of that, Stark had just stood there with an inscrutable expression on his face, his arms crossed across his chest, and standing at parade rest. Similarly to how Rhodes stood these days around him; that defensive curve to his shoulders. The tinted glasses covering his eyes. Tony had just looked at him until Clint was uncomfortable enough to snap with, “What? You’re not gonna say anything now? You had plenty to say before!”
is left unsaid, but Steve still flinches at the implication. He tells himself that getting into Tony’s network had been necessary to get his friends out of jail and really, if the man hadn’t wanted them to, Steve knows damn well not even Shuri could have helped without triggering some kind of alarm.
” Tony gives a laugh that sounds downright ugly to his own ears. “Had I known the truth, I would have prepared accordingly.”
“You said you saw what Ross and the whole lot of them wanted to do,” T’Challa says quietly. Tony gives himself a second to close his eyes and try to regroup before he turns back to the other man. When their eyes meet, Tony sees something akin do sympathy in the other man’s eyes, and he knows he doesn’t deserve it. “The progress we have made… it should have taken far longer than this. It should have been months, perhaps even years, before the tide of opinion turned against from Ross and his followers. That, Anthony, was all on you. You began to work on these revisions long before anyone knew of the threat they posed.”
“My apologies. Hello, my name is Agent Phil Coulson. I used to work for SHIELD until my…
“And if they want to lock her up again? Then what? You just let them?” Steve snapped, and now even T’Challa’s mask broke to show his impatience. The blond refused to stand down, though, not when the stakes had suddenly gotten so high. He had
was supposed to keep her safe, but instead I left her. I left her, Babbo, and they came, and they took her. I’m Spider-Man, you know, I’m supposed to protect people, but what good am if I can’t even—I can’t—“Peter’s breathing passes the threshold from upset into hyperventilating. Tony’s heart shreds with every word he speaks, but he can’t break down right now, not when his son needs him like this.
On the ninth, Steve had tried to ask Harley if he knew how his mentor was. The boy had glared up at him, fists curled at his side, and an angry scowl on his face. Steve had braced himself for a swearing down or even an attempted punch, but it seemed as though the boy had learned from Tony’s coping mechanisms because his face went black.
“Boss,” FRIDAY’s wary voice comes.
There’s a high pitched laugh on the other side that makes him smile.
“Okay,” Tony reluctantly says. Peter grins at him, but the mechanic turns his eyes away. He begs whatever higher power doesn’t loath him that he can keep the kid safe.
But it wasn’t until the tenth day when everything came to a head. It should have been obvious that something had to give, but nobody knew how to proceed. After the fourth day, Tony had gone completely radio silent. He’d even revoked Rhodey and the kids’ access to the workshop. Harley and Peter still brought him meals, and found the plates outside. According to them, this was a huge improvement since the last time he’d gone like this. It still worried Steve sick, however, to know that he was down there with that blasted machine.
I'm nervous and scared, but I think this semester is gonna be pretty good.
“I know,” Tony says with a soft smile. Honestly, these kids. “He’s spent most of his days here watching me. It’s a bit creepy, honestly, but you don’t need to worry. Things are… not good, but at least they are civil.”
, he doesn’t say. “And that’s so important, Coop. I hope you never, ever have to feel like that,” Tony stares at the horizon but feels Cooper’s gaze locked on him. “I hope you
, and I’d never heard him like that before. He’d been hurt whenever he came back to school, but never like that. So I told my Mama that I needed to get to New York, she knew all about Tony, and she all but pushed me out the door, you know? So I get to the mansion, and Edwin almost jerks the door right off its hinges and says
“Hey,” he finds himself saying after moments of deliberation. “You wanna meet DUM-E?” he winces at how idiotic he sounds. He was supposed to be making this about Peter not himself. Of course, everyone always said that that’s all he’s always done.
Now, there are occasional morning coffees with either Sam or Bucky. There’s lunches with Maria and Natasha whom he met at the gallery the first week he was back. There’s bar runs he’s not really interested in all that much, late night runs and afternoons sketching at the park. There’s avoiding Times Square like the plague because at least one of those giant screens will have
lose him if you keep being a stubborn ass. He and Lila and Nate are just kids, Clint, they deserve better than a father who has more important priorities than his own children. Take it from a guy whose father cared more about a soldier that went missing in 1945 than he ever cared about his own kid.”
“Yeah, I bet,” she said with a laugh. Then gently pushed Tony towards the dining room when she caught sight of her husband. Tony walked by him without a word, and tried to avoid his eyes.
“You’re in so much trouble,” Lauran informed him with a mock-stern expression on her face. Most of the others were sitting at the dining room table where a stupid amount of pizzas was waiting. Tasha was handling drinks with Barton, and Ste-
Clint feels the phantom icy feeling of tendrils grabbing onto his mind. Sees the memory of the blue-fire tinge everything had taken when Loki had taken control of him. Fears the anger and the impotence of seeing his friends hurt, and being unable to do anything. Feels the guilt that came afterwards. The nightmares that woke him and his family constantly on his first few months back. Feels the worthless feeling of thinking that you could have done more but hadn’t.
are silent now he wants to see
he thinks, staring at his hands,
Steve!” Tony says proudly. The baby gives him a gummy smile and raises his arms towards him. He’s well versed in sign communication at this point, seeing as it is essential to his babysitting duties, and understands him perfectly. Stupidly, after months of practice, he approaches the baby to pick him up. What he doesn’t stop to think, however, is
“Strange,” Wanda finishes softly. She looks around the room, and Steve immediately knows that she won’t find what she seeks. They’d been informed that the rest of the Avengers team were not on the premises at the moment.
It isn’t until the revised Accords have to be singed that Tony begins to think that he might be just a little over his head. It isn’t the fact that he has to deal and schmooze politicians, or that Stark Legal is spearheading Zemo and Ross’s lawsuits, or the fact that the media is so flip-floppy with him that one day they love him and the next they want to burn him on a stake; he’s lived his whole life in those types of environments. No, the thing that makes his hands shake and his forehead break out in nervous sweat is a week before the final ratification of the document. He hadn’t counted on T’Challa throwing a curve ball at him.
The mirrors in the penthouse have been covered for the past three months, and though he knows that perhaps he should check his appearance he can’t force himself to meet his own eyes. As he is thinking that perhaps it might be worth it, if only so that his PR agent doesn’t bitch at him, he curls and uncurls the fingers of his right hand. He’d lied to her, to Ross, to anyone who had asked, and told them that he’d had an accident down at the lab. That the cuts on his knuckles had come from banging out the Iron Man suit after his latest assignment. Nobody needs to know that as soon as he’d looked at his face in the last uncovered mirror he hadn’t been able to stand the asshole that stared back at him and had taken a page out of someone else’s book and punched the glass.
And it wasn’t as though the man had many places to call home, really. Malibu was destroyed, and Rhodes, they had been informed, was living in the compound with Vision. He was merely out for the weekend to visit with his parents before they could start training on Monday. Pepper was very obviously out of the question, and Steve doubted the kid in spandex had any place to offer him. So where could he possibly have gone? Where was the engineer calling home these days? The Compound was the only place he had left.
The thing with the Vulture shook him to his core, though, Tony knows exactly how that feels. That, combined with Tony’s lack of insight and attention when he needed him, something that he will always hate himself for, and the gaping hole in their family unit that never seems to close has shaken the poor kid up even more. With the arrival of Morgan, not that either Tony nor Peter would ever regret her, things have been more chaotic lately.
I finished my homework so we all get a present :D
But they’d done it, and he was damn proud of them for doing so. T’Challa shouldered his way past the reporters, and Rhodey shoved him none too gently towards the car. He could still hear them hollering, and all he wanted to do was curl up on himself for a minute and put his head between his knees. He just needed to find a way to
,” he gestures to Tony and wow he must really look like shit if the kid doesn’t even need to use words to express himself. “when they’re taking and using your stuff. Did they even give you a choice in this? Peter said Rhodey told him you were all having a meeting, thanks for not telling me they’re back by the way, but he never said if you even wanted to and let me tell you, that would be a pretty shi—“
Clint Barton is not usually the worrying type. Mostly because, before this whole Avengers’ mess, what he had to worry about were pretty mundane things. Like what time he was supposed to be back from a mission, how long Laura had gone without sleep because one or all of the kids were up, what time the smallest of their children had had their latest feeding… stuff like that. For the most part, he could count on both his hands the number of people whom he needed to watch out for. For the most part, he could see those people on a very regular basis.
“Don’t apologize, Tony,” Steve says in a broken whisper. “It’s the last thing I’d expect from you. After everything I’ve done—“
“I’m sixteen,” Peter says, and his tone is definitely colder. “I can make my own choices. Tony presented me with the accords, and I made a choice.”
Sitting in the quin after getting Wanda and Vision out of danger feels a lot like dejavu. They’re all quiet and tense, Steve himself is scared out of his mind, and it feels so much like the hopeless atmosphere from their first defeat in the face of Ultron. Wanda sits with Vision sitting by her side, hands clasped together, as she presses a bandage against the wound in his side. Sam is piloting the jet, sitting stiff and tense in the pilot’s chair, and Nat stands still as a statue in front of Wanda and Vision.
Distantly, Steve feels some part of him get ripped away.
The others seem to think that he likes his morning runs because of who he is. Steven Grant Rogers, born promptly at six am on the Fourth of July. They think that it’s just more proof that he was
“I don’t—“Wanda starts
be his father, he’d consider drowning himself in the stash he still kept. But then memories of her disappointment and her anger the first time he’d gone down that spiral would resurface and he would refuse to let her down again. He’d already disappointed his mother, distant as she could be at times, he didn’t have the heart to do that to Aunt Peggy, too.
The memory hit him square between the eyes like a physical blow, and he took a step back. What in the actual hell was wrong with him? Would. He really go back on a
Sam turns out to be a pretty good babysitter. Tony sits with Baby Bart on his lap on the floor of the rec room after the children make them move the furniture around for their puzzle. Cooper is acting as the official big brother for both Lila and Cassie. He lets them pick the activities that they want to play and doesn’t seem at all phased when the little girls put a sparkling purple crown on his head and make him color their My Little Pony book. Sam sits by them and hands them the colors for a good bit; he offers his sincere criticism of their coloring skills and Tony laughs at the seriousness of the children.
He hears Sam scramble off the couch and slam the door on his way out. Nat curses something under her breath as she runs to her room to gather her gear. For a second, Steve stands in the silent kitchen and doesn’t do anything. Then, without his mind even sending the command, his fist slams against the wall and a distant sting flares up from his knuckles.
“Mr. Stark?” again the same voice, though a little higher than before. The concern is clear, and Tony makes an effort to unstick his face from his worktable top. He realizes he’s in the same suit from the day before, though thankfully he’d shed the jacket and the tie somewhere along the way. The voice is starting to sound familiar, and though his brain is still sluggish, a part of him knows that he needs to get it together.
He’d known, of course he had, that this final piece of his puzzle would call forth the most attention. Nobody had really batted an eye at the first set of pardons (Clint had been out of public eye enough and nobody really cared about Lang’s petty theft, and Sam was decorated serviceman,) the rest though. Stev—Cap, may have been America’s golden boy at one point but after New York and especially Leipzig, his reputation had been shot all to hell. The Maximoff girl and Barnes had been even worse.
Barton does the opposite. He throws his head back, and gives out a harsh laugh. “That’s fucking priceless. You put a collar around our throats, and won’t do the same for
“He sold it, remember?” Wanda says quietly.
“Hey, Cap,” Tony said distractedly, the lenses of his glasses lit up with numbers and words. Steve had barely opened his mouth to reply when the man patted him on the arm and rushed out to the elevator.
are right. He’s so close to the sunshine now. He only has a ways to go. And
Tony swallows the lump in his throat with some difficulty. “Then I’ll deal with it then. They deserve at least a while before I soil that happiness too,” he tells the hallway. He thinks he could do with a few aspirin and sometime banging out things in the workshop. “It’s not as if I’ve never done that before,” he tells himself as he walk away.
, he said. You could have killed him, and yet you didn’t. He got to walk away on his own, while he left you behind. You didn’t follow them, Tony, that tells me enough. You
has redirected you in multiple occasions. I must urge you to limit your late night excursions to your quarters or I will be forced to forcibly keep you away.”
Wanda, Vision, Tasha, Harley, Peter and Clint carrying a fussy Baby Barton walked into the kitchen then. Clint, looking haggard and like he hadn’t slept in days, zeroed in on Tony and immediately dumped the baby on him. Peter and Harley snorted with laughter as the man promptly told them to wake him when they were ready to go and then slumped against the counter and started snoring. Steve, who’d let go of Tony’s hand as soon as the baby was on him, place a hand on the little boy’s back and looked around the room questioningly. His other arm remained around the back of the genius’s chair and he saw the way Natasha and Wanda focused on that. Tasha with a raised eyebrow and Wanda with something Steve didn’t particularly like in her eyes.
He doesn’t know what he’s doing with all of it, though, seeing as he knows it won’t be accepted. T’Challa had gone back to Wakanda the day before, and had promised to return with one brainwashed super assassin. If he’s honest, Tony never would have thought that Ste—
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Clint asks in a low voice. The anger makes a short return in his chest.
disappointed until her own mind betrayed her. Tony would continue to fall, until Iron Man became him and he got that fateful call from a distant Sharon telling him Aunt Peggy was fading. Tony would visit, constantly at first and then more sparsely as a certain super soldier was reawakened and visited his old lover.
Steve’s mind does the math. There were supposed to be three official Avengers in New York at the time of the attack. Now, Vision is in Amsterdam. Rhodey, and Steve’s stomach twists with the thought, might not be in any sort of condition to be Avenging. Which means—
Tony stares into those earnest, open brown eyes, so much like his own, and feels as though he’s in free falling with no hopes of coming back. It’s not the fact that being together is slightly overwhelming, or the fact that so much seems to rest on this meeting, but on how young Peter actually is. Looking at him makes Tony feel like he’s staring at himself, way back when, and that here is a second chance for him, or someone like him, to finally turn out right. If there is anything he can do to lead this young, bright, utterly beautiful person away from all the mistakes Tony has made then he would do it. the more he looks at him, though, the more he realizes that he can do everything he can to keep Peter safe but it doesn’t mean anything if he doesn’t give the kid a
Steve is home on a rare day off when the news break. Sam and Bucky are out on a date, finally able to relax after the last of their exams are done and their job schedules have coincided. It’s good, their happiness, it lifts a miniscule part of the weight Steve has been carrying for the past couple of weeks. He hasn’t left the house, not really, in those two weeks. He called in sick to both his jobs during the three days after his epic fuck up with Tony; luckily, Fury and Phillips were understanding despite their grouchiness. It probably helped that Steve has never failed to show up to any of his shifts, has stayed extra time when his help was needed, and had never taken a single sick or vacation day for himself.
The first time it happens, Steve turns around in the middle of the night and gets woken up by the cold sheets where a body should be. He springs up into a seating position and taps the bed with his hand to make sure there really isn’t anyone there. His heart starts pounding with worry, worst case scenarios popping into his head, and then he hears the sniffling. His world comes to a screeching halt and then his heart breaks when he spots Tony’s bedhead over his side of the bed.
on the ground. It should have been weird, I should have fucking known, because the blood was—anyway, he was right in the middle of it. Curled up into this little ball and he just—I’ve heard people cry, before and after, but hearing him—like that, it was—I’ve never been able to forget it.”
, I should have listened, I shouldn’t have kept
“You’re damn right, I do.” Tony answers before Nebula can, walking into what he assumes is the cockpit. Nebula turns with an expressionless face, but her eyes scan him from head to toe. He nods at her, and she seems to find him hale enough to give a tiny nod back. He wants to thank her, wants to tell her how fucking grateful he is that she didn’t leave him, wants to tell her so many things, but now is not the time.
there are about ten suites. There is one with each of their name’s, he heaves out a sigh of relief when he sees his is next to Bucky’s, and are color coded. He doesn’t know what to see about his, with its black background and blocky white letters and while everyone else’s are labeled by their code names his simply says
. This is the most unacceptable thing he can think about. From the corner of his eye he can see Steve spring to his feet in alert, too, ready to figure out what could cause a reaction out of the genius when nobody else can.
,” he says sarcastically, “tells him he
“Gone where?” Steve asks, alarmed.
“Maaa,” Nate cooed at her and grinned, his rosy cheeks puffing up.
FRIDAY had had just enough power to send a distress signal for
When the topic diverts to Peter’s schooling for the third time in as many minutes, Tony decides that he’s had enough. They were clearly having a good time before he came and intruded, and he knows Peter’s mind. He knows there are probably millions of questions that he wants to ask the blond, his
“Yeah,” Tony breathes, bringing him close again. Peter merely snuggles into it, like he used to do when he was little and has been doing more consistently in the past two years as they both tried to work through the grief. “The best, actually. Marina came by my office today right before I called you. She had something for us.”
“Very good, little traitor,” the mechanic said and kissed the baby’s downy hair. “Now, can you tell me what it is?”
“B—Boss, I’m go—too—” and just like that his last connection to home gets lost.
“All the bullshit about keeping things from the team. All the anger you had, and look at you. Tony,” Tasha says and she sounds pained. “Tony, look at me,” she grabs a hold of his hand and he doesn’t have a choice but to look at her. Her eyes shine. “I’m so sorry. I should have told you. I should have let you know as soon as we dumped those files. I’m sorry I failed you. I thought
“I made a mistake!” Tony all but roars, rising to his feet. His whole frame is shaking, he’s so fucking angry, but his eyes don’t waver from Clint’s. He is so done pussyfooting around their hatred for each other. He’s so done taking, and taking, and taking to make the others feel better. Taking Ross, taking the families of the people who died because of them, taking the UN, taking SHIELD, Pepper and every other fucking person who thought that because he was Iron Man he had no need for compassion. For just one day where things just. Stopped. Going. To. Fucking. Shit. And he had to fix it. “I made a fucking mistake, Clint, all right? Is that what you wanted to hear? Is that enough for you?
. Maybe it was time. It was time that he finally come
At twenty one, exactly on the anniversary of his parents’ death, Tony Stark overdoses on opioids and ends up right back at the hospital. He goes right into rehab, supposedly at the insistence of his “close friends” and stays there for three months. The reporters say it’s tragic. Call him wild and irresponsible; accuse him of wasting his life. Nobody bothers to check the date it happens.
“Only within the campus. It’s my alma mater, and I know how much those nerds fight for funding. Pep and I actually started a fund to expand it to other schools. Caltech, Stanford, Michigan, schools like that, but that day no. it was just for the students. I don’t see—“
“Or?” Coulson prompts, voice soft and even. The panic ebs.
“Ned, chill out,” he says with a chuckle and gives his son a squeeze on the shoulder. You know you’re always welcome to spend the weekend. Tell you what, Pete can call you back once we’re done with our conversation so you can hash it out. Okay?”
He closes his eyes for a moment as he lets Rhodey lead him to his room. He’ll pretend to go to sleep for a while, to appease his brother, then he can sneak out to the lab. He can work on the schematics for the exoskeleton for a bit before he attempts sleep. Or maybe he’ll decide to sack the whole thing and finally blow the suits to kingdom come. He can’t really decide which one would be more painful at this point.
The name on the headstone? Agent Margaret Peggy Carter. Founder of SHIELD. It had her birth date and the day they laid her to rest in London. Tony had been here, in Brooklyn, overseeing the marking of the plot and the installation of the symbolic headstone while Steve had laid her on the ground, thousands of miles away. He rubs a hand on his chest absently, trying to get rid of his phantom pain, as he remembers the last news he got from Peggy’s family. They hadn’t thought to call him, and that was fine, he’d never been close to them, anyway. After their falling out, Tony’s contact with Aunt Peggy had diminished to the occasional phone call while Jarvis kept look out. Once Tony had started at MIT, their conversations were sparse as they both became busier and busier. Then, the incident in 1991 had happened, and Peggy had been there. Tony still remembers the strength in her arms and the smell of her perfume, the stickiness of her bright red lipstick on his cheek, and the ticklishness of her hair, streaked in silver, rubbing on his neck. It’s the last time he’d ever see her as she was when he was little, strong and hardheaded and invincible, because he’d fall off the rails soon after that. He’d slick his hair back, and wear sunglasses at night, and do meth and coke and overdose on his antidepressants. He’d wear the badge of playboy and merchant of death with fake pride on his face and bile in his throat. Peggy would be so,
“You’re a kid, Harley. I know you two think you gotta take care of me or whatever, but you both have lives of your own. You were doing your robotics thing, and trying to bring those grades up don’t think I don’t know about your backed up reading assignments, and doing soccer besides. I was handling it. I
“Yeah?” Peter asks, his eyes on his father’s. but damn, Tony loves this kid. When Peter had lost May almost two years ago, some petty thief with unsteady hands while Tony and Peter were in Germany, Tony had never thought that he would ever be able to do this full time. Sure he’d had help since the boy was small, since he’d first come live with them in the tower, but things are so different. With just Tony as his sole constant, it had been a gamble of when, not if, he would fuck up. He’s been doing pretty okay, he thinks, all things considered. Especially after—well, it’s best if he doesn’t think about that.
He turns his eyes up at the sky, curses everything that led him to this moment, and finally lets the tears fall.
“Oh, yeah?” Steve says, trying to keep the hope from his voice, as he takes a seat next to Harley. Peter, who had been by the cupboard grabbing a snack, drops a bowl of fruit next to Steve’s elbow without looking at him. Harley looks up at him, an inscrutable look on his face, before Peter nudges him with an elbow as he plunks next to him and they both go back to looking at the schematics in front of them. Steve heaves a sigh, and tries not to feel too disappointed. He’d been
Maybe his time has come now, he thinks. Sitting alone in this ship surrounded by
“The one I got her was one, too!”
Lying alone in bed that night, he can’t help the hot tears tracking down his face. He hadn’t known that the pain he had known could get so much worse. Tony had always managed to exceed his expectations, though, so he supposes he shouldn’t be surprised about this. He had tried to convince himself that he was okay, for so long, about walking away. He had told himself that it was the right choice, that he was only hurting himself because he had known that there was nobody else for him
“The last time I did that, you decided it meant you never had to leave the workshop again and pulled an eighty four hour binge
“Does Rhodey know about—“
“What kind of news?” She asks, her accent thickening with nerves. She’s wringing her hands the way Steve has noticed she does when her anxiety spikes, and Vision drops the hand from the chair to her shoulder. She relaxes a bit, one hand coming up to hold his, but she’s still on alert. Steve feels his muscles tightening with tension as he forces himself not to react.
how much it meant to you, and I
. Warm and comforting and safe.
hits Tony so hard that his knees threaten to buckle. He wants to
Steve opens his mouth to deny it, but the words get stuck in his throat. He’s lied enough for a life time, and he’s vowed to himself not to do it again if he can help it. He never would have known it would be this hard. Because he might mean them now, the same way he would have meant them before until he found himself straddling the man he’d come to think of as more than just a friend, and had crushed the symbol of his power. Because he knows, oh does he
,” Tony almost growls at them. Peter ducks his head and scuffs at the floor with the point of his shoe. The mechanic makes sure his brother is steady on his feet before he moves towards his spider. He can feel his hands shaking, and he balls them into fists lest he show any of these people his weaknesses. “C’mon, Pete, you have nothing to do here.”
“And I gave you my word that you would be protected. I do not take my promises lightly, Sam,” T’Challa’s tone brooks no argument. Sam gives a slight nod, though he still stares at Tony suspiciously.
“Stop,” Tony says, fiercely, pressing a kiss to his boy’s forehead. Peter’s eyes are closed tight, breath still coming out more like sobs, but he grips Tony tightly and seems to find comfort in that. “You don’t have to apologize to me for this. Not now, not ever. You know you can count on me, always, to catch you when this happens. I know how hard this is, a ghrá, I hate that you have to go through this pain, so don’t you ever apologize to me for this. Not when I’m the one making you go through it.”
There’s no hint of laughter now. There’s only that tight ball of emotion in his chest that hasn’t eased since he left Tony and only seemed to grow bigger the closer he came to home. He turns the key and pushes the door in. He holds his breath as he steps into the room, and feels it leave his lungs as though someone punched him in the solar plexus. Everything looks exactly as he’d left his old room. And oh… oh God, there are the doodles from his office hanging on a corkboard. There’s an easel off in an alcove to the side where he can look out onto the grounds. There are his sketchbooks stacked neatly on a side table.
“What did you show him?” Rogers’s voice is horrified. He’s looking steadily back at Tony with something like sorrow.
not to be an asshole to him, okay?”
, but at least he’s not about to bolt as he had been a mere hour ago.
“Together,” Rogers said with a smile that was blinding. And Tony found himself believing it.
kid,” Harley says with a dramatic widening of his eyes. Cooper snorts with laughter.
“How—“
were made of the same stuff. Or, maybe, not the same but similar enough.
The long awaited talk.
Steve won’t admit it later, hates the very thought that it ever entered his mind, but he thinks about letting him go. He thinks that maybe Tony has had enough of heartbreak and even if he had said all of that in that interview, maybe he has stopped being maudlin and has decided to try again with someone new. Steve thinks maybe he should let him go, but the most pervasive thought in his mind is
“He is a member of this team,” T’Challa says before Rogers can respond.
, and suddenly he goes out? His eyes snap at Peter and sees the panic in the teenager’s eyes as well. “When did he go out?”
The knock comes again, softly but more insistent. The bundle wiggles, and Tony spares a second to have mild cardiac arrest thinking something will happen. He’s gonna hurt the bundle, or drop it or—or—
“Hey, are you home? I have news.” A pause, and Tony’s smile threatens to split his face. “The best.”
Steve has the full intention of circumventing the question, and hiding for a little longer. Tony, however, has always known him too well. Even in that stuffy conference room, Tony had seen right through Steve’s shoddy attempts at bullshit and hit him with the truth. “No,” he says into the curls pressed against his lips. Tony’s arms tighten around his waist in response, but he doesn’t say anything. “I’m sorry I made you think I’d go back on my word this morning.”
“The BARF,” the incredulity in the voice should annoy Tony, but he’s more surprised about the fact that it’s
“Yeah, actually,” Tony says, surprising himself. Rhodey’s face shows the same emotion, and Tony smiles softly, closing his eyes and leaning to nuzzle Morgan’s soft hair. “Just not right now. I just—”
“’Ummy?” Baby Bart says inquisitively. “Unc’a ‘Onny, ‘Ummy?”
“Steve?” Tony asks quietly, and Steve hums to let him know he’s listening. “I don’t—I think I’m not okay.” Tony’s breath shutters in his chest, and Steve tightens his arms around him. He bites his tongue to keep from apologizing, knows that it won’t do any good to either of them, and brings him closer.
After Barton had come back to the green house, alone, everyone had had a minor panic. Not because they thought the archer would harm Tony in any way despite the punch he’d thrown at him the first day they were back, but about the emotional state of the wayward genius. The blond agent hadn’t looked great, either, but after the past months of uncalled for hostility, nobody seemed too eager to forgive and forget. He’d made his way to baby Nate as soon as he’d come in, despite the glare Laura had thrown at him, and all but collapsed into the seat next to Wanda. The young witch had immediately tried to ask what had happened, her tone not settling well with the others, but the archer had refused to speak. Everyone else had dispersed quickly after that; Rhodes, Peter and Harley hadn’t even waited for Barton to reach the table before they were bolting for the main building.
“And I’ll make damn sure it stays that way,” Tony says and glares at Barton. The archer gives as good as he gets, but Tony keeps his ground. This is the one concession that Tony will not make. He can give anything of his to get his supposed team back, to keep the earth safe or whatever, but he will never sacrifice his kids to fucking do it. Harley, Peter, the Barton kids, Cassie, his
BECAUSE FUCK THE MCU FOR TAKING THIS FROM TONY TOO.
“The day she—“Tony’s voice breaks and withers, and Steve has to clench his hands at his sides. God damn him. “The day she left, she wanted me to mend things with Howard. She knew he’d never do it, he was never wrong, but God I could see it in her eyes. She wanted it us to be okay, it would have Christmas when they were back, and she’d always loved it. I knew what she wanted from me, but I pretended not to see it. I let them walk away knowing I’d let her down.”
It scared the fuck out of me, you know, how—he sounded
time he’d gone out in a half-assed trip to look for his best friend while leaving his family behind.
for a second before the reality of his life and his responsibilities come crashing down on him.
Tony finds him sitting at the breakfast bar in the kitchen, a Starkpad propped up on its casing and a calculus textbook open at his elbow. From somewhere, Fred’s voice (“Dad! It’s Ned! You’ve known him for like 10 years!”) is going on and on about some lego set he just got. Tony smiles as he makes his way to the fridge for a drink, partly stalling and partly just enjoying the familiar sound of his son jabbering on with his friend.
“You—what you did,” Tony rasped out. “You took more than the team. You—I trusted you. Even knowing better, I
“Pete,” Tony says with a broad grin and pulls him into his arms. Peter makes a confused noise, but he has never turned down an ecstatic-Dad-must-share-love hug in his life, and today is not an exception. He hugs his father back enthusiastically, but pulls away after a second. “I—I got something today.”
“When?” Stark’s voice had been deadly quiet. He’d tilted his head to the side. “When did I have time to explain anything? When you came and bombed my home and attacked my friend?” Clint had been about to argue that explanation, but Stark had held a hand out to stop him. “When you were fighting me and mine for no reason, shut the fuck up now, Barton,” he’d snapped when the archer had opened his mouth again to argue. “It’s my turn, you will goddamn well respect it. You were
“As if they ever do,” Tony says and he tries to sound angry but he knows it comes out fonder than anything. It’s not like he can ever truly be angry at the people he loves, anyway. “But as I said, we’re trying to keep the peace at the moment.”
… We didn’t want to drag you into another war. You did that, all on your own, so don’t you fucking blame me for ending up behind bars because of your shitty choices. OR maybe you meant I had had my turn to explain my side in the Raft? When you and Sam and even some asshole
through, and that was all he could really ask for. As he heard them, the original members of the team and the ones they’d picked up along the way, he realized that
“You care for her,” Tony says evenly. “I wouldn’t expect anything else from you.”
It’s almost two years. The weight of the burner phone he sent Tony is a permanent brand on his skin. He checks on it constantly, staring at it almost obsessively trying to will his husband to text him, call him, anything even if it’s just to tell him to drop dead. He wonders if Tony ever told Peter. He wonders what sort of memories his son has of him; if he remembers the baseball games, the sparring sessions, the walks to the library, the trips to the museum and the park. He wonders if his son remembers the team dinners, the alone dinners with just the three of them, the galas, the SI events. He wonders if Peter thinks back to the way Steve carried Tony in his arms after missions, or the way Tony hooked his pinky around Steve’s as they ate, or how Tony used to look at him like he was the center of his universe.
“Hey! Language! I don’t tell you off for a lot of things, Harley, but you do not use that kind of language. I don’t care if you call me a hypocrite,” Tony raises a hand to stave off more prepubescent arguments. “We’ve had this talk with your mother too many times, Har. You do
“Steve, that wasn’t her—“Barton starts.
Steve can’t say anything, and with one last long look at him and a trembling smile, Tony turns around and walks into his apartment leaving Steve in the barely-falling snow.
“Which was due last week. Before the long weekend,” the kid watches Steve warily before approaching the dark haired man and smacking a bundle of papers on his chest. Tony rolls his eyes but takes them nevertheless. His eyes scan the papers with a smile before seemingly remembering the other people in the room and schooling his features into mild curiosity. This time, Steve and Harley both roll their eyes. Steve attempts to give a tentative grin to the kid, but the boy only puffs up in anger and glares at him. The soldier suppresses a sigh. It seems as though winning Tony over might not be the only hurdle in his way.
“Give him to me,” a voice said from behind him when she moved into the room. Tony’s blood went cold, and he turned around with the fussy boy to see Barton glaring at him. The atmosphere in the room went silent at once. Tony could feel the whole table staring at them.
He takes a deep breath and steels himself for their reactions. “I’ll go get him back.”
“Steve,” Natasha says quietly.
“what’s going on?” Steve asks Sam, knowing better than to speak to Bucky seeing as their relationship is so messy at the moment.
had sent him back with a promise. His time would come. Just… not yet.
“Musicals now, huh?” Tony chuckles. “I suppose we should be glad she’s finally over the watch.”
Minutes later they hear voices approaching the kitchen. Steve watches Tony straightening in his seat and Rhodey’s posture change as they get closer. The bubble they had been wrapped up in bursting around them and taking the sense of
Steve’s thought this before, many times, but he now knows for certain that he’s barely just begun to learn the sheer goodness of Tony Stark’s heart.
hormonal, he was messy, he was loud, he partied a lot—I thought it was unfair, you know? This rich white kid can fuck around all he wants and he’d still pass his fucking classes and I thought it would be because of his money, you know? I’d find his papers and his tests strewn around and they were all perfect scores. I thought he was paying the professors or something, we all knew who Howard Stark was of course we did, and so I
“I’m sure she understood, Tony,” Steve says barely above a whisper. He forgets, always forgets, how much guilt the mechanic carries with him. Guilt about what he’s done, but also about all the things he couldn’t change. He always forgets how much Tony takes onto his shoulders that shouldn’t be his burden. “She must have loved you enough to know that. From the way you’ve spoken about her, I know that much even if never met her in person.”
Steve spends his days drawing, or when that becomes too much with all the whiskey eyes and well-trimmed goatees he seems to have gotten stuck in, trying to push the boundaries of his access as much as he can. Especially late at night, when the sound of metal on metal and the words
There’s clatter from the entrance of the greenhouse, and Tony realizes why the other man is speaking so evenly. The kids must have come running when they saw him approach. That, more than anything, is what makes the engineer nod in agreement. He hates that their little piss contest is making the atmosphere around the children so chaotic. He hates that they might break into a screaming match, or even worse a fucking brawl, because they can’t clear the air of their bullshit. They have been around each other for fucking months, and they’ve yet to fix their issues. Steve had been ground zero for him, and he’d managed to talk things out and slap a bandaid on
“Brooklyn,” Harley says sullenly when it is clear they’ll have to go through Steve to get wherever it is they want to go. The blond raises his eyebrow at the boy, but he refuses to meet his eyes. So, instead, he looks at Peter.
Things are a blur for the better part of the next six months as Tony, Peter, Rhodey and even Viz try to figure out how to take care of a baby. Viz keeps regurgitating facts from the internet that have both Tony and Peter convinced that they’re going to kill the baby in less than a week. Rhodey babbles “Three Men and a Baby” quotes when he’s nervous, which happens all the time, and if Tony weren’t so frazzled himself he would tease the holy hell out of him if he weren’t panicking himself. Peter ignores his homework and his patrolling for a good three months, convinced he has to stick to his sister’s side at all costs even though Tony tries to push him to hang out with Ted (“It’s Ned, Dad! God!”) or his girlfriend (“MJ
that the old compound used to ignite in them. Everything looks vaguely familiar, but not in the way it used to be. It feels more like the first time they set foot on the training compound Tony had financed for them. The same sense of cold detachment and clinical stillness that they slowly made into a home. This, Steve thinks with a grimace, is nothing like home.
It was a safe bet to guess where they had gone after that. Now, the donut space ship shit was gone. And with it his family.
“Okay,” the other man says just as quietly. The brunet had expected questions, and he bites his tongue to prevent himself from saying anything. It’s still strange, this trust Steve is placing in him even on the little things, and he doesn’t want to ruin it beforehand. If it has to end, and the pessimistic part of Tony believes that it will, it sure as hell won’t be because of him.
“Then all we can do is try. One day at the time; despite the blow outs and the fights… we can just try, can’t we?”
“Please,” Tony says and he must sound as pathetic as he thinks because Rhodey just sighs and nods. He tells him he’ll be nearby in case he’s needed, and then ruffles his hair. Tony bites out a soft
to the blond rather than be chasing behind. It feels as though that’s what he’s been doing all his life is chasing behind the super soldier or standing behind him, right in his shadow. Even after he’d been thawed out and he was no longer just a legend, Tony had never quite felt like they were equal. While Steve had been accepted right into SHIELD, he was always at odds. He would have bet half his fortune that, had they had a need for a dossier on the soldier, the words selfish and textbook narcissism would have never made it anywhere near the soldier’s file. Hell, Steve had fought a war, had probably killed people, but he sure as hell would never had been given a moniker such as “the Merchant of Death.”
“I said roll it again,” Tony says forcefully.
know, if it hadn’t been for the tiny step his son had taken that first day in his direction before he’d back tracked, he knows because of Stark. Because of their conversation before the other man had locked himself away. He closes his eyes and tries to keep his breathing even as he remembers.
“What are you saying, Rogers?” Barton’s serious voice asked after a beat.
Tony covers his mouth with his hand and shakes his head sadly.
He’s gaunt and bony and overrun. Extremis is barely keeping up with the strain of it all, and he’s not making it simpler, but he can’t help it. Workaholic behavior seems to be engrained in his DNA the same way alcoholism was, apparently. He knows none of the others will be able to help him, give him any sort of respite, but at least it’s nice to know that there is more people with some experience dealing with bureaucratic bullshit.
“Tony!” he jumps back at the sound of the voice. all sharp edges and worry, and there at hands on his shoulders that are gripping him a little too tight, but that’s okay because that lets him concentrate on being grounded. Here, not under the water or cars or a fucking cave in Afghanistan. He’s there, in New York, in a building that no longer feels like home but where he at least knows nobody is currently actively trying to kill him. “You’re okay, Tony.” Peter looks infinitely worried for him, despite everything that he’s done
couple of the last year or so. Except… well, it gets ugly after that. There’s a transcript of the conversation, Tony’s words talking about dealing with abuse and gaslighting from Tiberius Stone
,” Steve says loudly when it looks like Tony might interrupt, “disastrously ended up on you getting a concussion and needing three stitches.”
Yes, he doubts Tony and Pepper are rooming together at the moment.
“Tony Stark,” T’Challa said, meeting her gaze evenly. “And Colonel Rhodes.”
speared into the ground, dying. Thor’s armor was crushed, in my vision.” Tony, fucking Christ this wasn’t the Stark persona Clint kept thinking about, blinked up at the fading sky and the corners of his mouth trembled. “And up there was a hole like New York and an enemy that we couldn’t beat. And I get it, okay, I get that you all rally behind Cap’s noble
“Has your mother never told you to respect your elders? And no,” Tony says sternly. “Don’t you start.” Harley giggles, and Tony rolls his eyes, and Steve is left blissfully clueless to what he is sure is some type of inside joke. He doesn’t mind one bit, though. “Anyway, Har this is the Captain. Cap, this is the Hobbit.”
“Spaceships,” he whispers, eyes stuck to the screen. “Sam, turn it up!” he barks at his friend, and for once there is no commentary from the other man as he does as he’s told.
“She needs all the help she can get, Tony,” he said instead.
“She was my godmother,” Tony says quietly, reverently, like a secret kept close to his heart. Which is exactly how he’s maintained it until now. Peggy was one of the few things that he had ever truly kept as
“That is enough out of you, Barton,” Steve said in a hard voice. “We are living in
“Vision,” he says, voice quiet with authority. The android grimaces as he sits up, but tries his best to look at him. “I need you to answer me truthfully. Is there any way for you to communicate with T—with New York?” he catches himself at the last minute and resolutely pushes the fear and heartache that flares up.
Steve stood stock still, eyes wide and wet, as he shook his head at the brunette. “No, Tony, no, i—“
Something twists inside Steve’s chest. God, there’s so much he doesn’t know. There is so much he was willfully blind to.
” Mrs. Keener’s and FRIDAY’s voices say at the same time. Maybe they’ve had these arguments too many times. It doesn’t stop them from glaring at each other through the screen.
this asshole, because—how do you fucking beat up a kid, you know?”
“Fuck your sorries,” Tony says heatedly. Steve gives a pathetic little nod, and though he’s trying to turn away from him, the brunette still catches sight of the single tear that rolls down his perfect cheek. He takes a breath that shutters in his chest, and it’s clear that he’s trying his best to keep himself in check, but he still doesn’t try very hard to break Tony’s hold.
out of there, Tony, and we—
“The Chitauri,” Vision’s voice is calm as always. He is staring at Wanda as though seeing her for the first time, and Tony doesn’t want to think about what that means. He knows that a lot of J lives in the android, but he hadn’t thought that he’d remember those last few days between the HYDRA bunker and Ultron taking over.
“It’s all right, Tony,” Steve says with conviction. He swears on his Ma’s grave that he’ll try to be what his family deserves. Finally. “We’ll work on it.”
“Oh, and Tony?” a new female voice says over the speaker. Steve doesn’t recognize her, but he’s alarmed at the way the genius’s face loses color. Harley’s eyes widen in alarm. “You boys and I will be having a talk about the latest donation to that college fund.”
Honestly, though, like between work and college and scholarship apps and playing "Horrible Things 45 Has Done/Enabled Today" daily times fly. I was trying to write the actual meeting, but that is HARD y'all, so here. Have some adorable protectiveness.
“Rhodes,” Tasha says quietly.
Waking up is, frankly, a disappointment. When he blinks again, nothing around him has changed. He squeezes his eyes shut, can feel the hot trail of tears running to his temples and he doesn’t care. He doesn’t care because it’s unfair. He was so close. He could feel
, that it would be better if they stayed home. SHIELD had been founded here, in New York, after all. Most importantly, it had been set up in Brooklyn because of the man now walking right beside Tony. They had felt, Howard and Aunt Peggy both, that nothing would be more fitting. So, here they were. Fallen heroes who’d stopped catastrophes and nobody had ever even known.
“This?” Tony repeats, numbly, and Steve knows he’s not asking for clarification. Tony is a genius, he knows exactly what the other man is telling him, but he needs the time. His brain, his goddamn wonderful brain, going trillions of miles a minute to formulate a plan.
Tony had cried, big heaving sobs that knocked the breath out of him and left him feeling hollow, as he laid in his back and wished, with every ounce of his being, that he wouldn’t have to face the other side of this battle. He had been resilient, had kept his promise to Yinsen for as long as he could, but there were things that even iron couldn’t hold.
“You don’t remember us, do you?” Tony asks, a knot in his throat.
“Steve—“Sam starts, but the Captain shakes his head.
“T’Challa didn’t tell us,” Sam says, and there’s something like anger and offense in his tone.
“How do
“Blue!” Baby Bart said when Tony raised the next card with a little blue square on it.
“Why did you build this?” the boy suddenly asks after a while of comforting silence. Tony doesn’t know what, exactly, he means so he merely turns and looks at him. “The greenhouse, I mean. You’re this… this tech guru guy, you know? Nobody thinks you’d enjoy something like this.”
questions just fine, but he refused to even look at Steve. He couldn’t even be upset enough to say that he didn’t understand why his friend was so upset. Tony might not have known him for long, they had been together a little over a year, but Bucky and Tony had gotten along like a house on fire from the start. Steve had thought there would be some animosity there; Bucky was protective and Tony was so, so insecure sometimes and Steve’s relationship with his best friend was anything but conventional. His fears had been unfounded, however, as Tony’s naturally shy nature had had Bucky’s protective instincts flaring. It had been a good friendship, and Steve hates himself for putting both of them in the position they’re in.
“It wasn’t her fault, Steve,” Barton’s voice holds a tinge of pleading in it.
, Tony. I know you designed the original specs from the army; I know you kept tweaking them after I joined Cap. I knew I owed you everything I had, the wings and Redwing and even the improvements at the VA where I used to work, and I didn’t value that.”
were still losers, except Pep because she was a
Tony’s eyes are wide as he looks at him, a sense of wonder in his face, even though he hasn’t gotten up or slacked his hands around the baby. Steve’s sense of self-hatred makes him feel small, but he resolutely pushes that away and looks down to the claw clipped onto his shirt. He pats the poor boy to comfort him, and he makes a definite whining beep back at him.
After that, Tony was way too busy thinking about school and his new projects (after DUM-E came YOU then came Butterfingers, and currently there was something else he wasn’t quite sure how it would turn out,) and by the time he had noticed, middle school was over and he found himself being dragged by Rhodey and their new best friend Pepper off to the first high school party of their life. Though Tony had had trouble opening up to people, eighth grade had found him coming out of his shell a little more. He was still very distrustful of people, it had not only been Justin at the galas but then came Brock and Aldrich and Ivan and Sunset and well… once burned, as the saying goes. Though he still tried, even more so when Natasha and then the twins had been forced to attend the galas along with him. Though at the beginning Natasha had been distant and out right confrontational towards him, he thinks they had finally managed to find some common ground with each other.
Peter wrote Tony letters for all of three months. In the end, they started getting shorter and shorter, and he wouldn’t call as much. Natasha, now more comfortable around him, asked him if he needed her to kick anyone’s butt for making him sad. Well, sadder, but he just shook his head and asked her if she was all ready for her new posh school. And then she was off talking about ballet and poses and her teacher and his sadness was all forgotten. The twins were still too littler to really notice, though he noticed Peter Parker headbutted him with more delight and he was about seventy-three percent sure that Harley’s slap had been meant with love that one time.
P.S. You all are helping me beat my writer's block, and after months of it i am so infinitely thankful to each one of you out there.
He’d been cutting into his pancake stack when the baby began to fuss. Peter, who’d been holding him while Cooper fed him tiny morsels of the pancakes on his plate, had looked up with a panicked expression. Laura had left Cassie to herself as she made her way to the baby, and picked him up. She began to bounce him around and hum under her breath. Steve had seen her do it several times before, and it worked like a charm every time. Except, apparently, today.
“Hey, you were the one that set up the rules!”
Steve tried not to let the sadness of that thought consume him, though he knew it was true. How could Tony call the Compound home after all the bad memories associated with it? Wasn’t that the reason he must have sold the tower? Too many ghosts crawling around there to make anyone’s night agreeable. And now, the compound that he’d built from the ground up, haunted by the same ghosts that didn’t seem to leave him alone. Steve curled his hands into fists and willed them to stop shaking.
. Something had snapped, and now everything was spilling out. He vaguely wondered if there would be anything left when they were done with each other. Steve’s pale face suggested that the answer will most likely be a resounding
He hopes that Bruce, wherever he is, will know that he’s hopefully finally getting it right. That, after everything that Tony has done wrong for him and the whole team, trusting him with this information about his past wasn’t a mistake. He hopes, perhaps vainly, that at least this is a bridge he can save.
Wanda that he would never let her be collared again. He had pledged his word to her, and he wasn’t about to break it. And they all knew it. Everyone in the room was aware of the lengths he would go to for that.
,” the boy bites out angrily. Steve bites his tongue so hard he tastes blood to keep the apology in. he can’t interrupt. He can’t take that from Tony, too.
Tony shoved him away, weakly because he was shaking so bad, and tried to glare through the tears. God, he was exhausted. Yet he couldn’t
, Tony had been engaged and now he was not. Tony had moved on, or tried to, and now his eyes are hidden behind sunglasses the way they always were when Howard or Obie had come to visit and his knuckles were white with the force of his grasp. Steve is not idiot, he knows people change and it’s been
“Harley, watch your mouth! You know—“
, and I hurt you. I will never be done atoning for what I did.” Steve shook his head, and the hold on the mechanic’s fingers tightened. “If this is the last shot I have, then I want you to know that I will never be able to tell you how damn sorry I am for how I hurt you. What I said in that letter still, and will
“I—I take that back and— now I’m here in space!” Peter’s eyes are wide, with fear or guilt, Tony doesn’t know. At that moment he looks so impossibly young, just a kid with a superpowered suit who was supposed to be on a bus to a fieldtrip at that moment and instead is here. Because apparently, he might not be the Stark-Rogers’s biological child, but he sure as fuck had inherited their knack for stupid heroism.
“Very well,” Thor says with a tight nod. He leaves the room as well, and Rhodes silently slips out of the room behind them.
“Actually, Mr. Stark,” Lang’s voice stops him just as he’s about to leave the room. He turns around in surprise, and Lang gives him a smile. Cassie’s face is puffy and red from crying, but she’s smiling like Christmas and her birthday have come at the same time. “If… if it’s all right, could Cassie go with you? I think… well, I think there’s some things I need to know and maybe Mrs. Barton can enlighten me about them.”
“Sometimes you’re not,” Peter said quietly, head burrowing further into the space between Tony’s neck and his shoulder. Tony let his head fall back onto the back of the couch, blinking back tears. God. Why did this never get easier. “Sometimes, when you think no one is looking, you get this… you look sad. You look sad
.” The soldier’s hands shake him.
“I still blame you for that,” Harley says with a groan. Tony smirks at their mandatory reference. The Unfortunate Case of the Dora the Explorer Watch had been a sore point between the three of them since Tony went to visit the Keeners after the Mandarin incident.
, that something is going to happen and then I won’t have this anymore.”
“Bullshit!” Steve snarls at him and Barton seems to be too stunned to come up with a reply. In fact, nobody thinks to even bring up the “language” joke or call him a hypocrite. Nobody has ever seen the Captain this worked up.
He knows about Edwin, too. He knows how much he means to the mechanic. Not because he’d told him about him, but because he’d given enough clues for anyone who had been paying attention to know. Steve feels a curl of intense self-loathing when he thinks about the fact that AI JARVIS had been created as a… not a replacement, but as a way to fill in a void that someone important had left behind. He feels shame at the thought that every one of them had brushed JARVIS’s passing when the whole Ultron debacle happened, and had never even thought to ask Tony if he was all right. In hindsight, he can remember with painful clarity the mechanic’s face when he’d shown the AI’s shattered matrix; the subtle trembling in his voice when he’d said “
“I’m fine,” and maybe it’s more forceful than he meant it because the kitchen falls silent. Rhodey is on his feet, and Steve makes a move as if he’s about to do the same. Tony moves swiftly to the door and calls out a hasty goodbye before they can continue. God. He just wants some peace. Is that so much to ask? He’s just wanted some peace for months, maybe even years, but it doesn’t seem to be attainable for him.
They shared a laugh as they went back to the rec room, and then had to double up laughing as they caught sight of Sam. He was sitting with a long suffering look on his face as Lila and Cassie painted his fingernails with the mini bottle of polish from their toy vanity, and Cooper sat with Nate on his lap and suggested colors to the girls. The pilot had a feathered boa around his neck, rings on the tips of his fingers where they couldn’t go anything farther down, and Cooper’s tiara sitting lopsidedly on the top of his head.
“Let it go,” Sam snapped. The tone of voice made both of them recoil, and the pilot dropped Steve’s arm. They were both silent for a moment before Sam cleared his throat. “Just once, Steve. Let it drop.” There was nothing the blond could say to that and they both knew it. Another beat of silence passed while Sam searched his face for an objection, but there was nothing he could say. “Look, I know you want to go in guns blazing and demand answers. Ask if Tony’s said something to Barton, but—“
It isn’t until he feels the hands squeezing his wrists that Tony realizes that he’d screamed all of that out loud. Steve is nodding to him, though, the determined expression still resolutely on his face.
Tony feels Peter’s head turn into his shoulder, the hot sting of tears on his skin, but he forces himself to keep going. Peter holds tighter onto him.
“You have
“Yeah,” he says sullenly. Tony knows he’s playing him, he
To be free once more - yeah, that's worth fighting for
“Yes, I can do that,” he said with a nod.
It’s not easy, by any means, they both have bad days and then terrible ones. Steve’s self-doubt and guilt eat at him every time Tony hesitates, every time he steps back from affection because he gets overwhelmed. He hates the days Tony locks himself in his lab or uses Pepper as an excuse to not see Steve. There are days when he wonders if this had been the right choice, if he could truly make Tony happy, but then the other man will do something. Small things, like the post-its he’s so fond of leaving all over Tony’s apartment or the snaps he sends of Peter and Harley and Dummy. He would grab hold of Steve’s pinky when they go out to eat or look at him with those eyes and smile that haven’t changed at all from the boy he fell so madly in love with and Steve will breathe.
“I—I can’t. The Kree, they—”
“Yeah! Right where I didn’t want you to be. Peter, this isn’t one of your school trips. This—this is a one way ticket, okay?” Something in Tony’s face must have shown his terror because Peter takes a step forward with a soft
a home when I thought I had nothing left. More than your teammate, I
“He’s not in the compound,” Lang pipes up. The others turn to look at him and his cheeks go a bit red. “I couldn’t sleep so I went and took a look around. I’m sorry,” he tells Tony.
Steve’s arm tightened around Tony’s shoulders and the genius turned to look at him with a worried frown. The blond tried his best to stomp down in the flare of self-hatred he always got when Tony looked that uncertain, and managed a smile back. He couldn’t tell him everything, not now, couldn’t tell him what he’d thought about for the last few days and especially last night when he’d managed to calm Tony down from his latest nightmare and had been allowed to wrap himself around the man. Couldn’t tell him how he’d decided, right there and then, that he was no longer capable of doing something that he knew would hurt the other man too much. Not now that he knew the whole truth. He couldn’t tell him all of that right now, but he would. He
, swinging off a pole in the forefront, and the storm dust in the background.
, Tony thinks as he presses a kiss to Peter’s soft hair.
“Steve—”
Thank you, from the bottom of my heart.
“I am not in liberty to—“
, Tony had said, and though it hadnt been only him who put a grenade on their team, he still had enough responsibility to feel as though he needed to fix what they’d broken.
“Yeah,” Tony sighs over the phone. He’s back at his lab, listlessly poking at the sandwich that was left over from Peter’s visit. Butterfingers beeps at you chidingly, clearly reminding him that he had promised their baby genius that he would eat even if he wasn’t supervised. He takes a bite, pointedly in the direction of his traitor bots. You does a contented whirring noise, and Tony smiles. “Been for a few weeks now.”
Tony was pulled out of his reverie when the other man stuck out a hand. The mechanic stared at him in confusion and then wearily shook his hand. Lang gave him a good squeeze, but it somehow didn’t seem threatening to Tony. Then, without warning, the other man pulled him in for the most awkward hug of his life. the mechanic tensed for a moment, and the other man let him go.
from him, just like that?” Steve’s breath shutters into a sob, and he shakes his head. “So the next time you start telling yourself that he overreacted, that he—I don’t know, had to snap to the rational conclusion that Barnes was brainwashed when he
Tony’s whole expression crumbles at how upset the boy is. Immediately, like a flash of lightning in a storm, Steve sees that familiar look pass through Tony’s eyes. He recognizes it from before. Before the war, and even before this break with Harley; it’s the same look the dark haired genius always had after an argument. After another screaming match where Steve or one of the others berates him for his recklessness, for his thoughtlessness, for what they’d always labeled as his selfishness because they’d never, not once, bothered to ask why the man did the things he did. Why he couldn’t stop the mad dashing inside his brain to explain himself. Steve had always interpreted that flash as anger; that last push at determination before the genius came up with a comment that cut everyone else down to the quick. Now, though, as Tony fumbles the few steps to where Harley is standing, the soldier recognizes it for what it truly is.
“Until the end of the line,” Tony said and watched, as if in slow motion, as those words sank into Steve and seemed to detonate. Already, the captain was shaking his head. “I didn’t—I should have known. You never promised me that, you never said that you’d
. “Oh, hey, kid,” he finally says with false bravado.
“It wasn’t him!” Steve screams, fingers grasping his hair tightly. He clenches his eyes shut and rocks himself back and forth. “I broke up with him. Just now.
that recognizes the name.
The room is silent after T’Challa and Tony finish, for lack of a better word, dropping the bomb. It starts simply enough, with T’Challa voicing his concerns about certain aspects of the Accords, such as the measures that the governments would take if someone stepped out of line. Ross is quick to inform the King, somewhat condescendingly, that they would be subjected to fair trial. The grin the Wakandan King gives him in return is feral.
“Yeah, exactly,” Tony says and he can feel the tightness in his throat and the heat in his eyes.
sometimes you have to be strong for others even when you can't do it for yourself.
“So he didn’t have time to process,” Sam said and there was a hard note to his voice. “You took that from him, too.”
And his lips are moving.
Steve doesn’t answer her, he focuses on breathing evenly, and eventually she leaves him to his thoughts. It’ not until he’s alone, surrounded by Tony’s paused hologram and the picture of those they have lost that he allows himself to think the truth.
“Yes, yes, little traitor,” Tony says as he walks towards the mini rec room, Sam on his heels. “We’re gonna go see your bestie in a bit.”
Sam sits stock still as Lang hugs his daughter so tight his muscles contract, and then he has the wherewithal to put his hand on the other man’s back. He rubs at his tense muscles, clearly trying to calm him down so that the little girl can stop crying. He looks like he’s about to cry too, though, when Tony meets his eyes. Falcon looks around the room for a second, and then at Tasha, and then finally rests his eyes on Tony. He seems to have made a decision, though, because he mouths, decisively and determinedly, “thank you,” to Tony. The mechanic swallows hard and shakes his head unable to meet the other man’s gaze any longer.
The soldier opens his mouth to say something else, more platitudes or more attempted promises, the mechanic doesn’t know. He is interrupted, however, when Tony’s glance over his shoulder and widen in alarm. Running on instinct alone, Steve uses one of his hands to cup the back of Tony’s head and hunches down around him. He doesn’t know what the dark haired man say, but he’s sure as hell not going to let whatever it is hurt the other man.
Instead, Tony leads Steve to the gravesite next to Howard’s. It’s a small monument, with beautifully stylized words carved into its headstone. Tony had, personally, spent
Tony opens his mouth to say something snappy, make some remark about how he’s
“But—“Pete starts, and Tony can’t help but yank him into a hug.
“Meh, you know me. I just get this need to express myself,” he winks at her and she wrinkles her nose up at him though he knows her well enough to see the amusement in her eyes.
“Hey Greg,” he says, finally interrupting their blabbering. He needs to get this done before Rhodey comes back and tries to chime in on it or Morgan needs a feeding or something else. He smirks at his son’s eyeroll and the other kid’s squeak. Ned has known him most of his life but for whatever reason he still gets nervous around Tony. “This all sounds fascinating, but I need to talk to Pete about something important and it can’t wait. You main letting him for a bit?”
He pushes one foot in front of the other as he walks to the edge of the platform he is suspended on. He has to guide his scans through extremis now, without FRIDAY’s help, and he has never felt more grateful for the curse of his ever-sprinting mind than he does in that moment. It’s easier to compartmentalize the panic and the fear when has so much to run and observe and calculate.
“He’s alone,” surprisingly enough it’s not Steve who says it. It’s Sam, sitting back on the couch, eyes trained on the television. “Isn’t he? He’s the only one left.”
“Because of
“I’m sorry,” he says instead, wretchedly. He blinks his eyes down to his feet, and hopes that Steve doesn’t see the tears there. He’s barely holding on as it is, right now, and he can’t help the avoidance. He’s never been very good at facing these emotional messes he puts himself into. Already, Steve is the exception. Tony has never before put this much effort into
,” Tony seethes. “When we’re in a room full of
“I know, Buck,” Steve barely gets the words out.
“What we had,” and Rhodey’s tone is subtly sarcastic, “doesn’t include Peter. He wasn’t part of the Avengers. He doesn’t need to be here. There’s no bad blood with him.”
“Like hell,” Steve’s angry voice snapped him back to the present, and then there were hands on his shoulders. The blond’s chest was heaving with each breath he took, and his eyes had that steely look about them Tony had seen in the bunker. This was the look of the Brooklyn kid that taunted, with a cocky smirk on his bleeding lips, that
to help, but whom I couldn’t look in the eye because I
“You knew,” Rogers’s voice sounds pained. Tony looks at him from under his lashes and sees the other man white-knuckling the arm rests of his chair.
the bed and breakfast for a biker gang! How many fucking times?”
“Home,” he croaks out.
“I don’t know him,” Tony mutters under his breath, and Steve grins at him as he pulls him into his arms. “You doing all right?” the genius mutters when Steve buries his face into his hair. He’s once again amazed at how intuitive Tony can be about other people’s emotions. His empathy is one of the things that changed his perception of the man.
Tasha gave him a long, inscrutable look before saying “follow me,” and led the way into the compound.
Steve’s body reacts before his head does, and suddenly he has Bucky’s phone in his hands. He reads over the brief summary of his life, his recovery after his kidnapping, the ousting of Stane from SI and
He sits there for a long, long time.
Tony gets to his feet and hands the baby to Laura. She grabs hold of his wrist once Nate has settled again, and scrutinizes his face. He tries to project calm so she doesn’t feel the need to defend him. He’s driven enough of a drift in their marriage to add more distance. She nods, and squeezes one last time before letting him.
stand, Tony.”
“I’m sorry. I just—I’m not—I just. Laura said I should do that,” Scott said awkwardly and seemed to be unable to meet Tony’s eyes.
He is pulled out of his reverie when Tony makes a disgusted noise. Harley turns around from playing with one of the tablets left over from their meeting and rolls his eyes at the mechanic. Steve doesn’t feel like he has the right to say anything, but he burns with curiosity. Thankfully, he doesn’t have to because Tony is so affronted that he needs to vent.
be on
I have agonized over this goddamn chapter for so long, y'all. It's a bit different from like everything else, but it seemed right. I feel like both of us healed a little bit by the end so... hopefully you will like it as well :) Things are looking up now, everyone.
-Bryan Adams
, Tony realizes the more the blond pretends to struggle. It’s an emotion the engineer is intimately familiar with. “Fuck your sorries, I don’t care about them. Steve,” Tony says pleadingly and takes the blond’s face in his hand. Steve closes his eyes and then blinks up at the ceiling. “Look at me,” the brunette says quietly. “I don’t care about your sorries or the stupid letter you sent me—“
“You… are determined to cast yourself as the villain all the time, aren’t you? You have done good work here, Anthony,” T’Challa says forcefully, trying to meet his eyes.
Steve is immediately clambering to his, his hands up in a pleading gesture, but Tony is done. The emotions of the previous talk with Clint, and his conversation with Steve now making him feel frayed at the edges. And now that the blond has mentioned him, he can’t get the image of his Mama’s last minutes out of his head or the sound of metal hitting metal or the whirring of repulsors and he can’t… he just can’t deal with that.
I know it's been a while and I wanted to apologize for that. Things have been coming at me like crazy lately. It was barely the beginning of August and suddenly it was my birthday and now it's almost the end and whoa. Plus, work is still shitty as hell.
is holding the baby in his lap and who is sitting next to them.
, Steve. He was—I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone look at you the way that boy did, you know? I was
“Hey, uh, the house bot told me where to find you guys,” he said with a nervous chuckle. Cassie gave him a big grin as she helped the other children to put the puzzle together, and he smiled at her adoringly. Then his eyes met Tony’s and he became serious again. “Mr. Stark, may I speak to you for a second?” he asked with an inclination of his head towards the empty hallway.
I was free of… of the overbearingness that came from having him tell me that I was his
(See the end of the chapter for
It has changed to the scenery of Steve’s more recent nightmares.
, that this is where he is supposed to be. He has to keep the danger as far away from his kids as he can, but for one single second he can’t help but feel infinitely alone. If by some miracle he makes it out of this, there will be nobody but Strange for company. He would be stranded—oh God.
anyways, thanks for all your well wishes and kudos and comments. Work and my depression and stupid boys ( meaning MY version of Steve) are still kicking my ass, but you're making me feel better with each comment. Sorry i haven't gotten around to individual responses.
He had always been, well, more. More than Steve knew. More than he could comprehend. More than he deserved. That last one is the thing that kills him the most. Even at his worst, Steve always knew Tony was more than he deserved. Maybe, he thinks as he looks at the backdrop of Tony’s message, the wonderful terrifying reality of all those stars, maybe more than Earth itself deserved. Maybe that’s why fate itself had taken him away from them. But no, he tells himself with a violent shake of the head, that’s not true. This wasn’t fate, hell, it wasn’t even Thanos, this was them. All of them, and their refusal to hear even one bit of the things Tony had tried to tell them about. This was
“Shhh, baby, what’s wrong?” Worry began to seep into her voice, and the others could do nothing but look on, helplessly, as Baby Barton continued to fuss. Laura pressed a hand to his forehead to check his temperature, but he only shook it off with a miserable frown.
Tony thinks hysterically about bad sides and secrets and a whole lot of darkness kept just under the surface. “She hated him, we all knew that! Him, specifically, though I’m pretty sure bringing us all down would have been just as fun. And we all forgave her for that. We all understood, but it’s been
“I woke up and you were still sleeping,” Tony begins in a whisper, voice shaking. Steve kisses his knuckles and holds his hand between both of his. “I hadn’t had that, you, like that in so long, you know? But I’d pictured it, had woken up and been disappointed so many times since—since you left that—“ Tony is crying again, whole body trembling, and Steve hates it so much. He hates that the picture is starting to get so clear in his mind now. “I woke up, and you looked so beautiful, and I thought I was dreaming again. I thought that maybe I was just imagining, but you looked
