John rolled over onto his back, smiling up at me, flushed. The smell of his soap rose up and tickled my nose, making my skin hot and tingly. “That was really fucking close.”
“I picked it,” she continued, holding the tea cup precariously tilted in one hand, while the other stroked the cat in her lap. “Like the new princess? It’s very pretty, isn’t it?”
John slides his finger deeper, following the curve of Sherlock’s passage, feeling the clutch of his body squeeze around him.
John huffed a laugh and squeezed my leg, the fingers of his other hand playing with the ends of my hair. “Every part with you is good.”
“Sorry, about that,” John said, joining them. Sherlock and Charlotte squinted up at him, the gray sky above him blacking him out. John crouched down and studied the notebook Sherlock was holding. “What’re we learning about today, hmm?” John’s eyes met Sherlock’s, dark dark blue.
“Jesus Christ,” you gasped, when you could, collapsed against me and breathing into my neck. I stroked your back and rocked forward against your leg which was trapped between my own. I made a small sound, involuntary and needy, and you put your hand to the small of my back and urged me to do it again. It didn’t take long. I was so close. From the ripe scent of your body and the supple push of your lips and your tongue, and the way your breasts with your tight, hard nipples brushed against mine…
His jacket belt chimes as you undo it. The leather snakes, hard and glossy, through your hands as you draw it out and off. You set it down on the chair beside your wardrobe, reaching blindly, unwilling to part from him long enough to look down and guide it’s descent. It glances off the seat and hits the floor with a dull thunk. Neither of you pay it any mind.
“When I met Moriarty I was an addict.” He doesn’t look to John to see how this lands, he plunges ahead. “When I couldn’t afford cocaine I concocted things to make in my chem lab at school. I sold the extras. I met M because word got back to him that I was infringing on one of his enterprises.
John lets the day melt away. Lets it slough off him, washed clean. That’s what coping mechanisms are for, aren’t they? To make him forget, for just a little while, his troubles?
-A note about research: I am not a beekeeper but I have been reading A LOT about it. If you are a beekeeper and notice a glaring inaccuracy in what I'm describing please feel free to reach out to me through email: ellipsicalelle@gmail.com.
Sherlock lifts himself up and away a moment later and John feels bereft. The cold air rushing in to prickle over his hot skin.
The first time Sherlock closes his lips around John’s cock everything in John tenses. The muscles in his stomach bunch, the cords in his neck grow rigid, he finds himself holding his breath for long periods, letting it out in a rush all at once when he can manage to remember to breathe.
“I—“ Sherlock’s hands close around John’s head once more. Urging him, gently, forward. “I would imagine you hearing the—Christ, don’t stop.”
Sherlock’s lips twitch at this suggestion and he looks at John slightly askance as if he is surprised and amused that John has posed it.
“Ok.” John waits to see if he’ll go on, but he’s silent, eyes downcast. Shy? Embarrassed? “This was a lot. I’m sorry. I think we should just get dinner…”
John’s eyes are burning. “Because the terms of our relationship have changed. You didn’t agree to give yourself to a man who’s barely making a middle class salary, who lives in a one bedroom flat, who can’t provide--”
Relief cleared the apprehension from John’s face instantly. He grinned and his eyes were so blue above the scarf and against the backdrop of the clear November sky that it hurt, the ache spreading through Sherlock made molten by Sherlock’s helpless attraction to him. No matter what he had done to James, Sherlock could do it differently with John, couldn't he? Sherlock wanted to kiss him, so he did. John’s lips were yielding and soft as Sherlock lowered his mouth to his, if a little chapped.
If anyone can hear how much he likes it when you lick a long, slow line from root to tip, tracing that spindly ridge, inked in blue blood.
“You look incredible,” John says, hands splayed on Sherlock’s ribs, thumbs tucked in between the heaving notches. “You’re beautiful, taking both my cocks so well. Such a good slut for my cocks, aren’t you?”
“John, there are ways to help Sherlock, to support him, but you are not responsible for convincing him that life is worth living. It will crush you eventually. You have to talk to Sherlock about how it makes you feel when he says these things. He may not realise the effect they have on you. To him, they are probably off-hand remarks. He needs to realise their consequences.”
John draws his hand back down, trailing his fingers through the soft silky hair that runs below Sherlock’s belly button and takes him once more in hand. Heavy and long and beating blood hot against his palm.
The small space slowly fills with steam. Coiling around their ankles, slicking the hair on their shins, droplets beading on their chests and shoulders. They twist and shuffle in tiny circles, a clumsy choreography of need.
He squirms and presses his cock, slowly plumping up again, into the slick rubbery skin of John’s trunk.
“I think I’d quite like to continue. Are you amenable?” you murmur, and he shivers, deliciously effected by the rough timbre of your voice.
Out the window opposite him the sky hangs like a stone over the land, pearly gray and heavy with rain.
Ellen nodded. “Absolutely.” She picked up one of the pastry boxes that Sherlock had brought, a selection of desserts inside, bought from a local bakery earlier that day. “Want to help me set these out?”
Sherlock drops his head, his fringe brushing against John’s shoulder. John can feel Sherlock’s breath gusting hard and frustrated through his suit. With what feels like herculean effort John keeps his hands at his sides.
Egg shells snapped on the lip of a mixing bowl and the yolks break and run, sunny and lurid, from his shaking hand. The kettle is turned off, the steaming water is poured. You nuzzle into the divot in the small of his back and rest your forehead against him, holding his storm thrashed heart beat in the circle of your hand, holding him fast.
“I’ll be preparing the hives for winter, this week. Feel free to bring her by after school sometime.”
.” Muttered, “Sodding Mycroft." Pushing a brusque hand through his hair, as if it is the very height of irritation that his brother had had the gall to save his life. "And when I woke up I decided that I had to do it differently. My life is not just my own, you know. Death is something that happens to everyone else. I couldn't do that to any of you again. Now, there is science. There is the work. And there is you. These are my constants. Otherwise I keep moving. Keep learning. Keep pushing. I can’t stay still. Staying still will kill me. Do you see?”
“I can’t,” John admitted, leaning his cheek into his palm. “I can’t imagine not working. Can you? Sherlock Holmes retired. Now
Sherlock teeters on the maddening, excruciating edge of orgasm. It’s becoming an almost constant state. A liminal space of arousal and pain and pleasure that he never quite lets himself transition out of.
We had been out in the cold, tending the hives at the far end of the mere, making sure they were sealed tight with beeswax and that the mice hadn’t gotten into them, when we had gotten caught in a sudden storm. There was luckily a shack not far from us, about a half miles walk. It housed random beekeeping supplies, rusting rakes and other abandoned gardening knick-knackery, including a hollowed out bench with two woolen picnicking blankets folded inside.
John fucks him through it, through the final, weak pulsations of thin translucent come, until Sherlock, overcome and weak and giddy, collapses on the bed in exhaustion, smiling. John wraps him in the soft Angora throw and lies down beside him, ruined trousers stripped off, stroking the curls that fall across his forehead and tucking them behind his ear.
Sherlock straightens and John helps him, catching it as Sherlock shrugs it down his arms. The wool and silk lining are warm against John’s hands as he walks to the table and lays it down. As John walks back to him, dragging a chair behind him, Sherlock has resumed the same position, arse presented to John. Despite the fact that John wants to get on his knees right then and take in that smell that’s already making his mouth flood, John resists and instead positions the chair where he wants it.
“You. You are enough,” John says, emphatically. “You, just as yourself. I don’t need you to be Don sodding Juan. I just want you. All right?”
“Well, I didn’t know that when I told you to go suck your own cock, you’d take it as a bloody challenge,” John replies, drily.
“It doesn’t matter now. Look—“  Sherlock takes a deep steadying breath. “It was worth it. It was worth never knowing what love felt like, if it means that I get to have it with you. From the very first time we met you
John’s hands: curling against Sherlock’s ribs, kneading into the seam of his shirt, rising and falling with the tide of Sherlock’s breath.
. But it’s seething inside him, like the core of a star, and he’s drawn to things that allow him to release it.
“Really?” Charlotte’s whole body seized with excitement at this revelation. She clasped her hands to her chest and spun around to look at Ellen and Hayley. “I can come over?”
“Thank you for my gift,” I said a few endless seconds later, as I brushed our noses together, before slowly pulling away.
You pout your lips, kiss the head, kiss down the shaft, your hand following the curve of the underside, knuckles brushing against the coarse coiled hair on his belly. His skin shivers and leaps beneath your touch. A string of curse words stumble out as you lick at his slit and gather the bitter beads of him, let them melt on your tongue. Eventually he’s reduced to just one:
He hasn’t suffered for this. Hasn’t marched in any parades or been discriminated against. Sure, he’s weathered the disapproving glares of people on the street on occasion, but that wasn’t anything, was it? John isn’t seeking refuge. How many times has he been lectured by Harry over the years about his straight, white, male privilege? If anything, based on his gender and race, he benefits from not using these types of services. Best to leave them for people who really needed them.
“Poor choice of word. I mean, you’re forcing me to reevaluate the way I’ve viewed the world and the way I’ve come to see myself in it. It feels like you’re cracking bedrock here, my identity.”
“Ok, ok, back to Johnny. How’d it happen then? Did he spill one of his experiments on you and help you wash up after?” Harry waggles her eyebrows in a suggestive manner that comes off mostly ridiculous and Clara laughs.
“They didn’t,” Sherlock says, reaching across the table for the sheaf of newsprint. He stabs a finger at articles in three separate sections, on three separate pages. “Here, and here, and here.”
“Yes, Ms. Rich-ards,” Ani replies, in the same sing-song voice. Harmony, fortified by decades in her position against the barbs of Ani’s mocking, sails on, with a trilling, “Thank you,” and the sides of her caftan billowing behind her like the wings of a tropical bird.
John can hear the exact moment when Sherlock stops breathing, holding the air inside his lungs as he waits for John to go on.
“So are we, believe me. You think we don’t hate ourselves for it? How much we hurt everyone around us?” Harry snaps, bitterly.
, he thought, a chill splintering down his spine as the sharp rap of knuckles on wood rang out in the quiet night. His heart began to thump hard against his ribs.
The scowl only intensifies as Nancy, perky in her red heels, tan trench, and platinum page boy, hops off the pavement and trots across the street to the Tube station.
John pushes himself up onto all fours and crawls up Sherlock’s body to slide his arms beneath Sherlock’s shoulders, laying himself against Sherlock, chest to thigh.
“They’re treating it aggressively, but this type of the disease is malignant and rapidly deteriorating. My brother is bed bound and has lost his muscle function. He can’t move, can’t talk.”
The short crinkly hairs on the inside of his thigh snap against the tip of your nose as you drag it up. Sweat thick and brackish smeared on your tongue. The scent of his body, strong and clean as black tea, as you breathe him in.
John loves this part of the relationship. The beginning. When everything is new. When you can’t take your hands off each other. When the impulse to touch and fuck and kiss can’t be resisted.
John looks at the wall across from him. Then at his headboard. Assessing the logistics with a detached calm he doesn’t really feel. Panic crackles at the edge of his vision.
Noor studied him skeptically for a moment. “I thought you were a Langstroth beekeeper. Don’t you sell at the markets?”
He’s in your white button-down standing at the kitchen counter, plugging in the kettle. It’s comically too big on him, the white hem just brushes the bottom of his thighs and the too-long sleeves are rolled up to his elbows. His feet are bare, one foot tipped up onto toes, the pink curve of his heel resting against the opposite ankle. His hair is adorably mussed, from your fingers, from your bed, from the cowlicks sticking up at the crown of his head. He spoons sugar into one of your mismatched tea cups and draws his fingertips through the condensation on the side of the milk bottle absently. There are eggs, brown and speckled, that he sets carefully inside the bowl.
Sherlock reaches down and strokes John’s hair, getting his breath back. His blood thuds, slow and heavy, in his limbs.
Once Nora comes over the speakers to tell them they’ve reached cruising altitude and that it is safe to move about the cabin, Sherlock is ready to proceed.
“I also really, really didn’t care for the police being called,” Sherlock said, blood pricking at his cheeks as he thinks about the conversation he will now have to have whenever he sees Evan again.
at the air before slowly, slowly, closing up. John leans in, lets his words feather themselves against Sherlock’s sensitive skin, “Maybe I should clean you up,” before licking a long, wet stripe right over the hot, sticky rim of him. John rocks him forward onto his tongue, tasting: strawberry flavoured lube—that manipulative git knew John would do this, God,
John’s mouth still feels a bit raw, scraped up from the abrasion of Sherlock’s stubble. John wonders how it would feel, rubbing over his belly or, Christ, up the inside of his thighs. Images flash through his mind. Sherlock hovering over him on all fours. The drag of Sherlock’s palm over his clothed cock. John sucks in a sharp breath at the memory and beside him, Sherlock looks down.
When their eyes meet after John has read what Sherlock wrote there’s a challenge in Sherlock’s gaze that John recognises as a distancing mechanism. If they are just fucking then they can’t be caring about each other. The risk, of going deeper into the connection they’re building, isn’t lost on John. They stand at a crossroads. They can either stall things emotionally until Moriarty is dealt with or they can truly commit to one another and raise the stakes of what could be lost if things went wrong.
I licked my lips, salt like blood on my tongue, “I am here to be used, you know that. I trust you. You said we needed to get into her room, you said I should seduce her. You said—”
?” Is what he finally says, his blank gaze flickering to Sherlock, a pitying smile on his lips. “Darling, you must be so terribly
“Send me a text and I’ll save your number, yeah?” John said, taking a step back, half of him engulfed in darkness, half still illuminated from the light from the kitchen. “And thanks again. Truly.”
Sherlock’s nose scrunches up in what looks like outrage. He opens his mouth, but John gets there first. “No, I’m not interested in that pretty young girl who is at least ten years my junior. No, I’m not ever going to be interested in her and no, I don’t think you’re a handsome devil, as Nancy so astutely observed.”
“All right,” John says, picking up his own tea and taking a sip. It feels strange not to have his phone with him. To not be at the constant beck and call of the business. Sometimes he feels a phantom buzz against his thigh, like some kind of ghost limb; he keeps reaching into his pocket. It makes him realize how fused he had become with the company over the course of his short tenure. How, despite the relief he feels at being free of it, he will need to adjust to its absence.
“I feel like,” John goes on, blood thudding in his cheeks, thinking, this morning, while he had been sucking Sherlock off slow and sweet and utterly in earnest, he’d felt slightly off- balance, like he hadn’t felt since he was a kid, inexperienced and insufficient, like he was competing with Sherlock himself for title of best blow-job and that that didn’t seem particularly fair, “like maybe,”
These are scary days right now and I hope you are safe and well in all corners of the world where you might be sheltering. Sending you love and hope and a hug <3
“I’ll never guess, huh?” John glanced over at Sherlock, an amused smile playing at his lips. Sherlock shrugged and smiled back, the girl’s enthusiasm infectious.
John picks up the dildo between them and runs the tip along Sherlock’s bottom lip, both of them bent close together, in a hushed intimate space.
John takes a deep breath. Christ. “Sherlock.” Best to just get it over with. Come on then. “Are you bored with us?”
Sherlock groans in frustration, his forehead digging into John’s, his breath coming fast and hot against John’s cheek.
“Come ‘ere,” John says, voice husky and low with desire. Sherlock’s body rings with a sharp, biting pang, that familiar achy longing filling the centre of his bones, like a sweet tooth with a craving that begs to be sated.
“Evan seemed to suggest that you haven’t always been a beekeeper,” John said, leaning his elbows on the table and lacing his fingers together. Sherlock watched as he ran the pad of his thumb over his bottom lip. “From what they said, it made me think I should know you from somewhere? What did you do before you kept bees?”
The last two steps he walks slowly, the ring a clumsy weight against his thigh. He feels a jittery nervousness skittering through him, but also a deep-seated calm. He doesn’t doubt. They can do it. They can build the home they both never had. They can make their own kind of love, don’t need to base it on anyone else’s notion. Who cares if all they’ve known is the cautionary tale? All the reasons why love is bollocks and a lie? They can do it different. John is certain of it. Together, they can do anything. Together, they’re invincible.
He was flushed and panting. His cock standing up against his belly, hard and thick. Above it, the shape of my mouth branded all over his pinked up skin.
With his other hand, John smoothes over the globe of Sherlock’s buttock and reaches beneath. Taking a hold of the base of the plug, John tugs.
The room erupts into a flurry of activity at the news. Lestrade calls for back up on his walkie talkie.
“You want to play?” Sherlock asks, his fingers slipping out of John’s mouth. They trail down his throat. Come to rest in the hollow of John’s throat.
When he had finished, the last note still ringing in the air, his eyes blurry with tears, he bowed to the hives with a flourish of his bow and heard, over the pounding of his pulse in his ears, a far off snapping sound. He jerked his chin up and through the trees he could make out two shadow figures on the back deck of the Watson house, clapping and whistling. Sherlock’s mobile buzzed in his pocket.
Mist shrouded the ground, hiding all but the rooftop peak of his honey shed in the distance. The seasons seemed to have changed almost overnight, a coolness seeping in through the window sashes and lodging in the floorboards. They chilled the soles of his feet as he finally made his way to the bathroom, prickling his skin up in goosebumps, and rocking him up onto his tiptoes as he first encountered the icy tiles.
I began to stiffen, the crown of my cock just pushing out to be met by the slick glide of John’s tongue. He moaned, his eyes sliding closed as he took the plump head between his lips and sucked softly at it.
“I can see how being in relationship with this family is restoring something to you that wasn’t given to you by your own family. That can be really powerful. I know it’s natural to want to isolate when you’re feeling down, but I think you’ve just pointed out a very important tool in your kit: connection. Do you feel that you’ll be able to reach out again to these friends in the coming weeks?”
“Any kind of food in particular sound good to you?” John asked, reaching over to take Sherlock’s hand, both of their fingers chilled and stiff as they threaded together.
Together you get them off until he’s sitting before you, legs splayed wide, hair mussed, cheeks pink, his mouth stained red from your kisses, eyes blue-black, in only his pale blue boxer shorts.
“It’s.” He swallows back giggles. Nodding like an utter moron into Sherlock’s fragrant wet curls. “Good.”
“You don’t have to take me all the way,” Sherlock soothes. “All that deep-throating in porn? It’s unrealistic. Forget it. Focus your mouth on the head,” Sherlock murmurs. “And use your hand.”
John turns on him, fierce. “I don’t want to hear you suggest it again. Not on my part. If you want to leave, Sherlock, you’re free, but I’m not going to stop protecting you from him just because it’s a little more dangerous than it was before.”
The warm, still air presses in close around you, trapping his scent, sets it pricking in the back of your nose.
After three months of observation, John calls Sherlock into his office one afternoon and, without looking up from the report he was reading, fires him.
Before he knows it, Sherlock is sitting across from him on the table top, his long legs folded up like a colt’s, and is twirling his fork through the steaming pasta.
I had almost forgotten the sharpness of pleasure, how bliss can slice through you like the supple flesh of a plum, laying you open to the core.
Sherlock’s foreskin is fully retracted now and John runs his tongue around the fat crown, circling it slowly, before pulling away.
John wets the fingers of his right hand and circles them around and just underneath the base of the plug. It’s cold and Sherlock shifts a bit against the sheets. “Sorry,” John says, his eyes trained on where he’s slowly beginning to ease the plug from Sherlock’s body. “Breathe,” John says. “Relax. That’s good. Just like that.”
“I’d hardly call this the country,” Sherlock muttered, rolling over, his back to Mycroft, and reaching for the cup and pill bottle on his bedside table. Sherlock quickly swallowed two down and then lay back against his pillows, eyes closed.
Sherlock doesn’t take any convincing. He plasters himself against John’s back and groans directly into John’s ear as he slides into the tight slippery space. John flexes his muscles as Sherlock thrusts and he wins another broken moan. John reaches back and grips Sherlock’s hair, twisting as he tugs Sherlock down. John kisses him, hard and wet and off center, tongues tangling, teeth scraping.
Last night, in his bathroom, Sherlock’s suggestions had made his blood pump hard and fast through his veins, had made his mind race with images, made his cock hard.
He has at least an hour before he needs to start getting ready for work. He could, he thinks, fall back asleep despite the growing fullness of his bladder.
John peels them open, his head lolling on Sherlock’s shoulder. His back pressed against Sherlock’s chest, his arse cradled in the nook of Sherlock’s hips, his legs dangling to either side of Sherlock’s knees.
Sherlock jerks his chin. “Sometimes. Humiliation, punishment, sometimes it felt exciting. But.” Sherlock’s eyebrows knot in the centre. “It makes me angry too, that you’re different. I don’t know what to expect. I keep waiting for you to show your true colours. I suppose I was trying to provoke you.”
I am quite clever with my tongue, I am told, and my hands are quite possibly my most elegant feature. He has devoted enough words to them in print, you would think they had done something worthwhile, like sculpted the David or composed a rather memorable violin concerto in A minor perhaps. I do not understand his obsession with them, however with their aid I get to worship his body so I suppose there’s something to his adulation after all.
“That’s horrible,” John says, horrified and disgusted. “Sherlock you know there’s nothing you did wrong. It’s perfectly…”
Sherlock considered lying to her. Giving her what she needed to leave him alone. The urge to use was so strong, it almost overpowered him.
“Can I take you somewhere?” Sherlock suggests after a moment of intense scrutiny that John weathers as best as he can, which, he suspects, is pretty fucking poorly, considering he’s pants at concealing anything from Sherlock. Leaning in, Sherlock adds, “It can be our Christmas present to each other,” before he bends and kisses John, soft soft soft.
"No, Lestrade. No we do not want a coffee. We want to go home. Now will you please fetch the papers so that we can be on our way?” Hissed through clenched teeth it’s the strangled plea of a man clinging to the last shreds of his sanity.
I nearly lost my balance as the sharp sensation returned suddenly, lancing through me, sheer and heady. It very nearly buckled my knees. John reached up his hand and I steadied myself, unable to tear my eyes away from where he was kissing the tip of my sheathed cock. Returning his hands to the backs of my thighs he swayed me forward so that he could take me inside his mouth. I groaned, my eyes rolling back in my head at the warm wet suction. John released me after a few brief moments, returning once more to gently kissing and licking.
"Are you deigning to walk all the way back, sir?" Sherlock asks, ribbing him, his eyes iridescent and dazzling, his smile charming and unguarded.
"And you," Sherlock said, watching as Mycroft got into the backseat of his black town car and the driver backed them down the drive.
This realization must show on John’s face because Sherlock says, “What?” as he sits back, settling his weight across John’s thighs.
The drive back to his house was one of consternation and contemplation. He stood for a moment in his driveway wondering if he was in any fit state to go to dinner, but decided against it, largely due to guilt. He had to work with Zoe and Ellen all morning tomorrow at the Sussex Farmer’s Market and he didn’t want to have shirked the responsibility they had very clearly laid at his feet. He couldn’t afford to be in the Edicott’s bad graces, nor did he want to disappoint them. He respected Zoe and Ellen and trusted them to tell him when he was in the wrong. That was what was so vexing about this.
Sherlock makes an outraged scoffing sound and rolls his eyes. “That,” he hisses, leaning forward, “is the whole point of
He could touch Sherlock’s naked body and kiss him and want Sherlock to put his tongue up his arse and it was all fine.
John scrapes two fingers over his right eyebrow. Against the grain and back. Smoothing. “He thinks I’m jealous of a dildo.”
“What do you want to do?” Sherlock asked. “It’s a lot to process, and you’re right, it makes it more complicated that we live next door to each other.”
He alternated between sitting on the sofa, almost catatonic, frozen with shame, just focusing on breathing, and outdoors doing yard work. Shoveling up the carpet of rotting apples and pears that had collected beneath his fledgling fruit trees behind his honey shed, trimming back the witch hazel and other shrubs that had overgrown their borders. The physical activity helped, both by providing moments when his mind was distracted, but also a way to discharge the pent up stress in his body, leaving him muscle sore and covered in red welts from where thorns had scraped him, crescent moons of black loam beneath his fingernails, and a deep fatigue that sometimes allowed him to fall into a dreamless sleep.
“I don’t care if they find out about my relationships. About the club. I don’t care what people think of me. I’m not ashamed of it.”
Sherlock does, lolling lazily against the back of the tub, eyes half lidded. He closes his lips around John’s fingers as he deposits a snowy piece of cod draped over a bed of rice onto his tongue.
You tear your hips away, panting. You press both his hands above his head, pinning him. Curls falling down around your face you kiss him. You push your tongue into his mouth and his feet slip down, into the crooks of your knees. You press his hands down into the pillows, spread your knees on the mattress, and take away his leverage. He’s at your mercy and you can tell by the way he shivers and groans deep in the back of his throat that he loves it. You kiss him and kiss him, until he’s boneless, warm and pliant and utterly lax beneath you. You kiss him until your lips begin to ache.
“Sounds like a bit of a knob, this John,” Zoe said unsparingly, looking over the rims of her reading glasses at him from across the table. Beside her, Ellen snorted. “Leaving his mother home alone? I should ring round and set that Caitlin who lives down the lane on his case. Ellie, where does she work again? For the council, yeah? Child Protective whatever?”
You hear, muffled through down and cotton, the sound of his chuckle as he jostles down beside you. Snakes his arm around you and pulls you snug against him. You peek out and there he is, nudging his happy mouth down to yours.
He chuckled again and shook his head and the sheen was back, making his eyes glisten, and my heart hammered a bit in trepidation. “You saw me,” he said, his eyes moving slowly over my face. “No one else could see me, but you did. And for some reason, probably because you’re stark raving mad, you wanted me.”
I stood, my knees aching, pain sparking up the backs of my thighs, something wild inside my chest, I pushed your shoulders flat against the car.
John likes the way Sherlock forms his p’s. So precise. He likes the way he’s soft and open with John here in his bed. He likes the way he smells, musky sharp and peppery.
“Oh,” John says, shocked. “Oh, I can see myself.” He reaches down and Sherlock can feel his fingertips tracing the shape of himself through the skin of Sherlock’s throat. Sherlock swallows around him, tight, tight, tight and John moans.
“And what if there were two of me in the room?” John asks. “What would you imagine me doing to you then?”
“If you don’t, he will release the photos to the press. You, your father’s business, you will be done.”
Whiskey tumbler in one hand, cigarette in the other, your robe hanging off one shoulder, about to come untied, you stare.
John listens to him clatter back down the stairs before he adjusts himself in his jeans and turns to regard the fireplace.
“Yeah, all right.” John follows him down the hallway, relishing the sight of Sherlock's naked bum. “You're just angling for a bit of a cuddle aren’t you?”
“You won’t have much honey to sell next summer. The whole county will hear about how your hives got infected. You have to start over from scratch and build a whole new set of hives, start nucs of new bees. You’ll have to get them strong enough to survive through next winter. And there’s no guarantee it won’t happen again. They might get mites this time. Mice might get them. Moths. They might starve. You might fail again.”
Thank you especially to Hiddenlacuna, who brought me back from the dead, and Mcbangle and Smirkdoctor, who were there in this story's infancy, to girlwhowearsglasses whose friendship and support and feedback got me out of the weeds and into the light on countless occasions, to happierstill whose enthusiasm and friendship was integral, to conversationswithjohnlock who believed in me and who gave me very sage advice and comfort when I needed it most, and to lawyermargo who carried me over the final threshold.
He licked his lips and looked around again before turning his gaze back to me. “Is that what you were thinking about when you were getting yourself ready?”
The next few days were brutal, his mind replaying, over and over the morning of James’ death. The moment when they had been lying together in Sherlock’s bed after having slept together the night before. The moment of James’ love confession and Sherlock’s cold response that he didn’t feel the same way, that they were simply colleagues and that the night before had been a mistake. The utter devastation written clearly on James’ face as he left.
“You’re looking unusually peaky today. Up late?” Barbara ‘Bobbi’ Franks asks bluntly as John rounds the desk, her eyes giving him a shrewd once over.
, but didn’t say it. She had tasted of dessert. Ripe full-bodied sweetness on my tongue. Liqueur on her breath as I had kissed her jaw. And then, lower down, the floral unfurling of her perfume.
Ellen settled into the seat across from him, pouring a splash of cream into her own mug. Sherlock watched her, her familiar face—close spaced brown eyes, freckled cheeks, her orange-red hair cut in a pixie—looking back at him with sympathy.
Sherlock, feeling and quickly suppressing a now familiar pang of wistful jealousy, joined Ellen to rummage for the duct tape inside the tool box in the back seat.
“It’s just,” John was looking at wall as if it wasn’t there, his hair disarranged, his eyes wide. “Charli—Charlotte, fuck, Charlotte told us, you know, my wife and I and so…So.” John swallowed, his hand twitching against the table. “And then the divorce happened. And then mum. And the move. It’s just. Been. A. Lot. Lately.” John seemed to take a short gasping breath between each word and Sherlock was alarmed that he might be fighting back tears. “So. Yeah. I’ve been a bit careless with her name. And I shouldn’t be. My mum, she’s not all there anymore, and she gets Charlotte’s pronouns wrong a lot and my girl, she’s understanding and really brave about it, but I know it can’t be easy. So, thank you. Thank you for the reminder.”
Sherlock, thrusting deep inside John, so deep, so desperately perfectly deep, and John is so open, peeled open for Sherlock, so that Sherlock could just climb inside and John would keep him safe, the way he always wants to keep him safe and
John checks the upstairs and the attic before putting his coat back on and going out onto the back patio.
It should be for him that Sherlock is rolling his hips, grinding his beautiful arse down into his thighs, whose hips he can grip as Sherlock undulates and writhes.
To feel the pleasure swell up the backs of his thighs and pool liquid and shimmery in the small of his back.
Up this close Sherlock’s eyes are a million shades of blue and silver. For the first time John can see the aurora of yellow that surrounds his pupils and turns the very centre of his eyes a brilliant aquamarine. Surrounded by thick dark lashes they stare down at John, his face hovering mere centimetres away. John can smell the faint tang of coffee on his breath as it slips ragged from between his parted lips. John traces the cupid’s bow of Sherlock’s upper lip with his eyes, remembering the plush soft yield of it.
Sherlock stands, graceful and fluid, with none of the twinging aches and pains John is afflicted with. John is too tired to feel jealous.
It's a charming cottage. Ivy drenched brick with a bright cerulean front door. Large casement windows that let in loads of natural light, gleaming hardwood floors. Two bedrooms upstairs and one large, beautifully renovated bath between, with a dining room, kitchen, and den on the lower floor.
John reflects on how Sherlock had pointed out the small pleasures John was already cultivating and his comment that pleasure didn’t necessarily mean using something to excess. Maybe Sherlock just had less compunction about where he pursued it, as with his recreational cocaine habit.
“You look great!” she says and John has to look away from the blinding purity of her sincerity. “Have you got a new girlfriend then?”
“Thank you, Armand,” Sherlock says, his hand in the small of John’s back, urging him through the doorway and into a brightly lit corridor.
John watches it flare red, a firefly igniting, there and gone, before Sherlock grinds it beneath his heel.
It was a few minutes before Sherlock received an answer. He wondered, as he dug into his dinner, if that was the first time he had ever sent an emoji. Was that something that only young people did? But he wanted John to know it was him, he countered, and in the moment a bee had seemed the likeliest way without signing his name.
The feeling crashes through you as he does it again, now pursing his lips to drag a wet kiss over you, now sweeping his tongue out to properly lick. Your cock, trapped in your trousers, begins to pulse and leak against your pants.
The air outside was brisk and stung my cheeks and eyes. Fairy lights strung from the lampposts twinkled above me. I winced and squinted against the passing headlights of a car that drove slowly past. My head throbbed. My stomach churned.
You touch the arcs of his ribs, run your hands down his sides to the soft plane of his belly, over the flesh of his hips, to gently grip his thighs. He gazes up at you, open, expectant, whatever emotion had overcome him before, sadness, fear, has been pushed back, reined in. His eyes are black in the low light, his skin buttery and soft in the lamplight, hair tousled, his ash-blonde fringe swept off his brow and finger-raked to the side. He’s deceptively small, lying there in the middle of your queen sized bed. His presence is larger than the space he takes up physically. He’s powerful and solid and hardened by army training. Lightly muscled, he’s toned from regular exercise, the edge of his jaw sharp from discipline and exhaustion. His eyes are lined at the edges with worry and laughter both and there are bags beneath that speak of sleepless nights. He’s soft at his middle with muscle that bunches beneath when your thumbs stroke him there. He’s got a lovely big cock. Bigger than he should have, but you’re growing used to the way he contradicts himself. He’s unselfconscious in that way doctors are, used to bodies and their irregularities. His hands rest, one on his chest, one on the bed at his side, and he doesn’t fidget beneath your scrutiny as you think you might if the tables were turned. He’s smiling up at you, that half smile you’re coming to know means he’s pleased, or maybe, surprised. It lights his eyes from behind, softens the darkness of them. You’ll build a cathedral out of him later, in some secret corner of your mind palace, a place you can kneel in, just as you are now, and worship.
“I want a relationship with you that isn’t bound by someone else’s d/s rulebook. I’ve always been cast in some kind of misogynist feminized role, where my masculinity was stripped from me. I just want to be whole. I am both, I want to be able to show all sides of me and be safe.”
-My primary sources of information are: A Book of Bees, by Sue Hubbell, Michael Bush's website: bushfarms.com, and a local Sussex beekeeper's association: chalfontsbeekeepers.co.uk
Sherlock, looking unperturbed, says, around a bite of apple, “Where, perchance, might I find the bedding?”
Sherlock does as he is told. He turns in Reina’s report to Michael with his notes in the margins and heads across town to the bolthole he’d been staying in ever since things had gone south with Moriarty.
“A reminder of what?” John is trying really hard not to lose his cool, but he can feel the urge to shout building in his lungs.
“Look I get that you’ve seen the worse case scenarios,” Sherlock said to Zoe. “I know you’ve seen how wrong it can all go. I know that elder neglect and abuse are real things and I don’t discount your concern as genuine, but—”
Your black hair with its sweat sticky roots slipping between my fingers. Your shoulders hunched up by your ears. The curve of your spine punctuated by the knobs of your vertebrae, the damp hollow of the small of your back. I licked my own lips for the taste of it.
“That wasn’t at all how I saw this going,” you said, later, as we put our damp clothes back on in the waning light of early evening. There was a break in the storm and we needed to take advantage of it while we could.
“Tell me that again later will you?” He growls and then a second later, in that preternatural way he has of reading John’s mind, he answers a question John had asked, but hadn’t voiced, and adds, “And it isn’t because of anything that happened to me while I was away. I learned how to be a better man from you. It’s all your doing so chin up a bit will you? There’s a murderer waiting for me upstairs. And then I’m going to shag you just absolutely silly. It’s a beautiful night, John!” And in a swirl of coat he’s off, jogging towards the bank of elevators and John’s left standing in the hallway with a half-hard cock and a half-mad grin before he shakes himself, gathers himself, and heads off towards the staircase at the other end of the hallway. They’re only on the fourth floor. It’ll be quicker.
I loved the heavy weight of him on my tongue. I loved how the flavor of him mixed with the chocolate and how the smell of him, musky salty sharp, burned the back of my nose as I took him in as far as I could go, his pubic hair scraping at my chin, my lungs scalded.
As John complies Sherlock gets the lube out off the bedside table. He clicks on the light. John hears the drawer open and close and something heavy hits the mattress behind him. John prickles, hair standing on end. He wonders what the toy looks like. What it will feel like to have it inside him, fucking him in time to Sherlock’s gift.
But there’s a distance now, John can feel himself removed from the scene, not participating, as Sherlock presents his smooth, pink, very recently waxed arsehole to the screen and begins to finger himself. John can feel himself watching from above, observing, cool, unaffected. He can’t shake the feeling that this is all for show. That this isn’t the real Sherlock. That this is a puppet. Or, alternatively, a man who has never been taught to value what he wants, who he is. A man who has been taught to put the pleasure of others above his own.
He’s been watching you and his gaze doesn’t skitter, doesn’t waver, doesn’t flee. He’s been watching you and the way his gaze rakes over you, like two hot, smouldering coals, he sees you and he
Also, I've exercised some artistic license in regards to the dildo. I did find a dildo with foreskin that moved, however it came with the caveat that it was very, very hard to keep clean. I'm also not sure how easy it would be to find someone to make you a custom dildo, but hey, this is Sherlock Holmes and if they do it for porn stars, I'm sure it wasn't too hard for him to convince them to immortalise his John ;). I hope you'll allow me some wiggle room. Thank you in advance.
John, feeling infinitely more inclined to forgive him in his post-ecstatic state, which, he supposes, was probably Sherlock’s intention, winds one hand up gently in Sherlock’s curls and rests one hand on the soft pale skin of his hip, thumbing over the constellation of freckles scattered there, and resigns himself (for the hundred thousandth time) to being hopelessly in love with a man who finds existence tedious at best and completely intolerable at worst.
John pushes back just a hair and fists both hands in his fringe, a burning sensation spreading down his body as his anus stretches to accommodate the dildo’s exceptional girth.
“It’s such a double standard, isn’t it?” Penny said. “If it were you, living in the city, traveling, enjoying your career, and only seeing your daughter at the weekend, we’d all think nothing of it. But since she’s a woman we’re socialized to think that’s unnatural.”
He nodded, I could just see him in the corner of my eye, his body turned towards mine, one hand moving slowly down between my legs, the other bringing his wine glass calmly to his lips, his eyes fixed somewhere over my left shoulder. As if we were just having a casual conversation. As if he weren’t fondling the hem of the lingerie that he had bought for me at some point when I wasn’t looking the day before. That he had laid out for me beside my tuxedo on the bed with a bottle of almond oil next to it and a question mark written in black ink on a piece of hotel stationary.
I wasn’t even hard yet; the medicine sometimes could take an hour to take effect. I checked the clock. We were forty-five minutes in.
The text comes almost immediately. As if Moriarty could read Sherlock’s thoughts even across the kilometres of city between them.
Sherlock looks shocked, as if John has just revealed something about human nature heretofore unrealised. He blinks.
The pads of Sherlock’s fingers drag through the oil and slip over John’s skin, saturating him. The rich, nutty scent of almonds fills his nose.
“You do. When John moved in and started blogging about that Holmes bloke, I bet you 50 quid they’d end up together. Pay up.”
Sherlock’s hands are locked in the sheets, knuckles straining, bone white on bone white. His head lifted off the pillow to watch.
“Take me,” you pant, unable to wait any longer. You roll your forehead against his and beg, “Take me to bed. Please.”
“It still can be,” Sherlock says, leaning forward, his elbows slung around his knees. His hair is a wild storm cloud around his face, his lips a deep pink, plump from the attention of John’s mouth. There’s a small purple bruise behind Sherlock’s right ear, a hickey, John realizes, and suddenly, electrically, remembers making it the night before.
“I did. In my head. I kissed you and you startled. Your lips were sun-chapped and dry and salty, but god they were soft underneath and when I brushed them again, you tensed. When I opened my eyes you were staring up at me in shock and then you fisted your hand in my shirtfront and I didn’t know whether or not you were going to throw me or kiss me.”
“You love it when I kiss you,” John says, echoing Sherlock's words back to him, lips running up Sherlock’s cheek to his temple.
Licks the fluid off his chin. His throat. Smears his hands through it, down his stomach. Takes the tip of Sherlock’s red cock in his mouth and Sherlock twitches and shakes. His hands close around John’s head and pull him up and off.
He swallows it down and pads out into the sitting room, seeking reassurance that he hasn’t completely lost his mind.
Just adjusts it so that John is inside him from both directions, plundering Sherlock’s body from both ends.
“You have the refractory period of a thirteen year old,” John says, not without admiration and not without a tiny bit of jealousy as well, resting his hands on Sherlock’s bare hips.
“Yes, you’ve been trying to warn me for ten years. But I’m still here aren’t I? When are you going to give it up as a bad job?”
John chuckles, sliding towards him. “Marvellous boy, can you honestly tell me that you think all I’m in this for is the thrill?”
He wondered if he would ever be able to summon enough of the latter two to atone for the man that had haunted his dreams. The average lifespan for a British male was 80 years. He had forty-three years left to try.
He was exquisitely rumpled in the morning. His silver-blonde hair standing up in adorable cowlicks at the crown of his head, his fringe swept off to the side by his fingers. It puffs up a bit from his forehead, the left side laid flat from where he was sleeping on it. There were pillow creases crisscrossing his cheek and the ruddy freckled skin of his shoulder. He was just beginning to lose his summer tan. It fades to a pale toasted gold in the winter months before once more darkening to bronze in July and August. I would miss his freckles when they went and as October edged towards November I made note to give them some little extra attention before the long draught ahead.
Or it would have been if John, in his tiresome integrity and doctorly fashion, hadn’t dragged Harold bloody Stackhurst home to have his wound seen to.
Thankfully he doesn’t have time to dwell on the thought of having to pack up and move on quite yet because the water turns off in the bathroom and now John’s ears are perked like Jenny’s, listening to the sounds of Sherlock moving about. By the time he hears the sound of the door opening John’s heart is drumming in his chest.
“I have your number, Sherly.” He said, smiling at him as he seemingly seethed at the nickname. Sherlock then walked out without another word.
Sherlock walked up to the body immediately in front of them and deductions ran through his head. “He was a cobbler.” He said, looking back at Jim as if looking for him to urge him to continue.
In the library, Sherlock stood there looking at everything. Jim walked in with a slight smile on his face. “It’s a puzzle for you, Sherlock.” He said, going over to the table and sitting down. He observed Sherlock, waiting for him to see the first book he needed to look at. Sherlock looked at the book, deducing it and putting it back, going to the next book.
John looked at Sherlock, his eyes almost bugging out of his head. “Don’t you do that, Sherlock.” He spat, pointing at him as his face grew redder. “Don’t you sit there and act completely clueless as though I’m the one that’s over reacting here. You’re talking to Jim. Jim. The person that almost took you away from me! He did! Jim bloody Moriarty almost made me put a bullet to my head to see you again. And you decide it’s best to just go out for tea with the bloke? Sherlock!”
“Then stop trying to fix me. No one’s making you.” His voice was flat. Now, when he was shouted at, he just checked John’s logic back at him, deflecting any sort of attempts at manipulation. He could see them now. He hated how obvious they were.
Jim really wasn’t expecting a call from Sherlock in god-knows-what time in the morning. He sat up in his bed and ran a hand through his hair before answering the phone and giving a small little hum. “Well, well, well. Sherly Holmes. Is there a reason you’re calling?” He rang out in his usual sing-song tone.
Sherlock didn’t really reply. He simply shrugged and looked down at his hands, using a piece of hang nail as a focal point so that he wouldn’t completely lose focus over where he was.
Sherlock sat there on his bed with his fingertips at their permanent position on his chin as his eyes stared off into his room. He heard a door open and looked up, expecting to do the usual check-in and kiss that John did to make sure that he wasn’t upset or thinking about the troubling things that he was before. John wasn’t there, though. Instead, there stood Mycroft looking down at him with his usual concerned, condescending glance.
Sherlock looked up at Mycroft and immediately he felt his defenses go up. There was something knowing in his gaze that was both knowledgeable of the situation and dismissive. Just like always. “Staring at a pig in my room,” He retorted, though there was none of the usual bite in his voice.
“You guys wouldn’t mind helping one more thing, would you?” Sherlock shook his head at that and put his hands in his pockets as he walked over to Lestrade’s office. John eyed Sherlock as he walked in, making Sherlock a bit more nervous. “I need you to go over this case file.” He continued.
John chuckled. “Did you? Because, to me it sounds like you’re just a puppet with Jim’s hand up your arse. I bet he scripted all of this, didn’t he? You can tell me Sherlock. We can work on your problem.”
Sherlock wasn’t fully cooled down from the things John had said, but he loved how touchy feely John got after a fight and how it helped soothe away that pain left in his chest from John’s words. He slowly held up his arms, looking at John with childish hope
Jim smiled fondly. “Didn’t think you’d be into that sort of thing.” He commented, looking at the book. He spoke again, trying to tease him to the point where he would talk to him. “Nerd.” Sherlock huffed a little but still his eyes never left the page. Why should they? Because Jim decides now is the time to be annoying? No. He hardly had time to himself. He was going to enjoy this. When Jim got no response, he complained. “Oh, come on. Sherly. I’ve missed you.” Sherlock’s interest almost peaked so he could correct him on the nickname, but that’s what he wants. So he just gave no reaction, leaving Jim to stir in his own juices. “Talk to me,” Jim continued, determined to get Sherlock to talk to him. “I’m bored.”
Sherlock chuckled a little and looked at him. “Right. So have you just been picking up your little business as I’ve been tearing it down?” he asked, looking at him. Jim shook his head, the cold smile still on his face. Sherlock looked at him. Nope. The smile never reached his eyes. It was interesting.
Jim rolled his eyes at that and just leaned back into his chair, perpendicular to the one that Sherlock was sitting in. This was going to be a long evening, and he sent out a message to his men before looking at Sherlock and waiting for him to  continue on.
Sherlock didn’t know what to say. He just needed to keep the conversation on one topic. “You can’t stop me from seeing Jim.” He said.
“He’s not a side-piece, John, I don’t have any sort of romantic affiliation with him. I went to him because you wouldn’t calm down, nothing happened.” Sherlock said, snapping a little. “Perhaps if you were better at being a boyfriend you wouldn’t have to be so insecure about me talking to an old friend.”
Thank you everyone so much for taking the time to read this. I may or may not make a sequel. Thank you to the ones that have been with me a while and have put up with my procrastination and delays. It really means a lot to me. I might also take a break from this, if I do end up writing a sequel, and get out a couple of my other ideas first. Still, I hope you enjoy it all nonetheless. It's really been an experience. With love, Felicia.
Sherlock straightened his back and looked at him, setting the file down without so much as a second thought to what was in it. John looked pleased with that as he walked over and looked down at Sherlock.
“He’s been agreeing with Sally. Calling me rude and inhumane. You know, just that sort of stuff. Nothing big.” Sherlock said, trying to both defend John and make it seem as though John’s actions weren’t worth getting angry over.
They ate their meal in peace, not really saying much. Still, it was a comfortable silence. When they were done, Sherlock retreated to the library where he liked to spend his alone time. Jim would be off getting some case ready but here. This was his domain. He would just sit on the sofa there and just close his eyes and start decluttering his mind palace. He’s gotten better and sharper. Instead of everything being thrown around and careless, things were in the right place. John didn’t enter his mind palace anymore. He seemed to be doing better. Jim walked in after a few hours, looking around the place. “You know, I still don’t understand why you come in here and don’t touch a single book.” He said, sitting next to Sherlock. Sherlock looked up at him and gave a small smile. “It’s just peaceful to me.” He murmured. Jim nodded. He could understand why. He leaned back and put his arm on the back of the couch, prompting Sherlock to come in and lay his head on his chest. Sherlock sighed as Jim began to play with his hair. This was what he’d been looking for. It was the subtle intimacy that he didn’t get before. Before didn’t matter now.
Sherlock looked at him and shook his head, denying any regression even though its proof was inevitable. His stubbornness would be his downfall, Jim thought. “I’m not slipping. I’m just… distracted.” Sherlock said, looking away.
Sherlock looked closer and squinted. “He had an estranged relationship with his parents and his siblings never spoke to him. Probably because he was a drunk with a history of stealing from loved ones to get fast cash for booze.”
Sherlock just shrugged and kept quiet, not giving John any sort of reaction to feed off of. He didn’t even know why John was mad. Then again, when did he ever?
John nodded. “You know what? You’re right. I can’t. I can, however, leave anytime I want to. And if I’m not sure that you even want me here, then what’s the point of me being here? Might as well go.”
“Look at you, Sherlock Holmes, back on top once more.” He greeted. Sherlock stood up and looked at him with his usual calculating expression. Before he could respond, Jim spoke again in his usual sing-song tone that mocked almost everything around him. “Surprise.”
Sherlock stared at her and slowly the gears in his mind began to turn. Soon enough, he began to spew out his deductions. He missed a few of the things that Jim noticed, but that wasn’t new. Sherlock was just a little bit behind Jim in this. Jim nodded and looked forward, his hands resting in his pockets. “You’re slipping.” Jim commented. “You used to be a lot faster at that.”
John had a smile on his face, and he reached out to cup Sherlock’s cheeks before pressing a kiss to his lips. “Good. Now it can just be you and I. I forgive you.”
“It’s a novelization of a telly program.” He said, barely glancing from the single-spaced page. He got used to being brief about his interests and not talking much about what he liked. John was never really interested in what he liked. He thought he even heard the other groan when he began talking about one of his experiences, but that went unconfirmed.
“I never asked you to clean up my messes.” Sherlock reminded John in a weary tone. He didn’t understand why John bothered with the responsibility of always cleaning up if he saw it as such a burden.
When Sherlock looked back up to give the pen back, Jim was on the other side of the slab, looking at Sherlock with a serious expression. “Come live with me.” He said.
He began to think of everything. He wondered what John was doing at the moment. It had only been a few weeks, but he hadn’t heard from John or even gotten the usual spew of texts. Perhaps John really was done with him. He thought back to when he first met the man, before he had faked his death when John was action packed and fiercely loyal. Maybe he still was and Sherlock was just letting things get in the way. He was beginning to get lost in his head.
Sherlock shook his head, looking at John with a sort of exasperated expression. “I looked it up, John, and you fit a lot of the criteria. Guilt trips, chastising, dismissal, humiliation.. Even now, you’re denying that anything is your fault. It-”
Sherlock sighed and let out a shaky breath at the flashback. He got out his phone to text John, wanting to see him after thinking back to that. He saw that he had a text. He didn’t recognize the number but he opened it and read it anyways.
Sherlock paused, thinking about it. If it was unacceptable, why would he want it again- oh. It was Jim giving encouragement to do it again. He moved forward and kissed him again. This time it was different. Jim was reciprocating, and that made him comfortable with the fact that he wasn’t going to get scolded for this. He pulled back and looked up at Jim, just sort of staring and waiting for him to start conversation.
“What’s that?” John asked in a slightly brighter tone, taunting, “Come on, Sherlock, that’s not becoming of you. Especially since you were so loud and rude before. You’re an obnoxious bastard most of the time, anyway.
Jim’s playful demeanor immediately fell, and he leaned forward onto his knees. Oh, this wasn’t good at all, was it? No. He knew Sherlock, and he could obviously hear something in his voice. “My men are on their way,” He said knowingly, the slightest feeling in the pit of his stomach that his hatred of the pet Sherlock clung to was only going to grow more after this.
“John, allow me to propose something,” He said. “Have you ever thought of the possibility of there being some sort of emotional abuse happening on your end?” He thought back to what Jim said at the park, his mind beginning to put two and two together.
Sherlock tried to get Jim’s attention off of that. “You know, for someone as wealthy and influential as you, you seem to be lacking any sort of staff or help around here.”
“That’s because nothing is my fault, Sherlock. You’re spouting off some bullshit that a master of manipulation has told you. He’s trying to tear us apart and you’re bloody letting him.” John said, balking at the idea.
“No, Sherlock, Thank you.” He said, kissing him. Sherlock was taken aback by the sudden affection, but he definitely welcomed it.
John was about to pull Sherlock towards him by the shirt, but a chiming from Sherlock’s phone stopped everything. John shook his head, his tone still polite. “Sherlock, love? Who’s that?” He asked, his eyes peering at Sherlock’s pocket. He began to wonder who would have the audacity to text while they were together. This was their time, no one else’s.
And where was that nosy brother of his? Normally Mycroft wouldn’t go a week without sticking his nose where it didn’t belong, but apparently now it was all fine. Jim rolled his eyes at the thought and ordered his men to get him a new, throwaway phone. He was going to try to get to Sherlock one way or another. He sent a message to Mycroft with a brand new phone number, completely unused before, and as soon as it was sent he destroyed the phone and let his anger out in one movement by throwing the phone against the wall with a froth at the mouth.
I'm sorry for the delay! I had some trouble motivating myself to write this, but it's up. I'll be starting chapter ten soon. This might end up being one chapter less than stated, since I was able to actually get through some things in one chapter. I'm not sure. Anyways, thank you all for being so awesome! -Felicia.
Sherlock looked up at him, a snarl in his expression. John continued. “I’m not trying to control you. Still, let’s face it, you need me to do most stuff for you anyways. When we first met, I needed to make sure you bloody ate more than once a few days. I may not be your father, but you’re acting like a blasted child right now.”
Sherlock nodded and after a moment of Jim not dropping his gaze, he squinted a little and pursed his lips. “Why are you looking at me like that?” He asked.
Over time there were noises within the silence that began to peak his interest. A few well placed footsteps, a little hum of a tune he knew all too well. The familiar voice sent chills down his spine. He looked up from his book to see Jim standing there with that famous cheeky grin on his face. The deductions ran through his mind as Jim stood in front of him, although he couldn’t make out much. Grated fingernails- slight anxiety. Callous- hard work or writing a lot. He’s just up to his usual antics, probably writing letters to people. It’s not surprising that Jim had used his time away to work, after all.
Jim kneeled over the side of the desk, facing Sherlock. “Unlike him, I want you to think for yourself. You can do whatever you want, but something tells me you don’t want to go back. Am I wrong?”
“A fit? I’m throwing a fit?” John whispered, shaking his head as he looked at Sherlock, “You scared me, you came at me. I wanted to express a bit of frustration- Hell, I deserve to! I wasn’t going to hurt you, but you came at me, Sherlock. That was not a fit, I’m just tired of cleaning up your goddamn messes. You put me through so much work, I’m exhausted between picking up after you and my job, and you don’t see the sacrifices that I make.”
John laughed and shook his head. “Bullshit, Sherlock. You need me. You know you do. You don’t even bloody eat without me around. Do you?” He sounded so patronizing as though he was building himself up while tearing Sherlock down- and he got enough of that growing up with his brother.
“Look at the hand,” Sherlock said, taking a seat next to the consulting criminal. “It’s discolored.” He looked at Jim and then began to look around as well.
Jim chuckled a little. “That’s easy for you to say, Posh boy. Not everyone grew up with five butlers.”
“You’re using Jim as some sort of scapegoat, and it’s pathetic.” Sherlock spat out, looking at John with a harsh gaze. Wrong move.
John shook his head. “No you’re not. Why would you be? You’ve got a back-up plan, don’t you? Your little psychopath on the side.” Great. He was bringing up Jim again. The conversations never got better after that.
Sherlock chuckled dully to himself, shaking his head as he ran a hand through his hair. John probably wasn’t going to be back tonight, and he didn’t care to go to bed, so he just texted Jim back.
A woman, 1.5 Meters tall, and a child, barely up to her hip. He had mental issues, but the mother refused to acknowledge it. Alcoholic. Widowed. Obviously. So typical. So
Jim gave him a small look and just nodded, dismissing the concern that he felt settling in his stomach.
That was the one word that kept repeating itself in Jim’s mind as Sherlock spoke about what had happened within the previous hours to make him need to go over. Still, his face showed none of it. The last thing Sherlock needed was someone else fussing over him- at least, not to his face. He needed someone to do something about it, because he obviously wasn’t going to.
“You know, I cry every night because of you, Sherlock.” John continued, coming from the kitchen to the living room. This was the part where the fight would get dragged all over the flat. John sat on the coffee table in front of Sherlock, lifting the taller man’s chin and wiping the tears off of Sherlock’s cheek gingerly, eyes tender again, almost as if he was on the brink of crying himself right now. Sherlock hadn’t even realized that he was crying, but he hated it because now John was going to use it against him.
He poured the water into a mug and got his favorite tea bag. It was an herbal relaxer, and he loved to just sip it while he did his daily doings. He didn’t have many things going on at the moment. No cases were in his immediate attention. So much has gone on since he came back. When he came back, that was bad. He thought back to it as he often did in silent moments like this.
John saw Sherlock’s relaxation as an opportunity, though, and he quickly jumped on it in order to make a point of how Sherlock made him feel last night. “You make enough for both of us?” He asked, nodding his head to the tea pot. Sherlock frowned and crossed his arms over his chest. His disposition slowly began to close in on itself, and he looked at John almost as though his eyes were begging the man to not do that even though he wasn’t verbally saying anything.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked down. Jim sounded like John right there. He sipped at his cuppa, distracting himself. “Fine.” He took a bite of the toast, quickly eating. Okay, so he was hungry. “Thank you.” He said when he was done, standing and heading out. Jim cleared his throat. “Sherlock? Meet me in the library in thirty minutes.” He said simply, watching the other man leave.
Sherlock shook his head. “Mycroft, I-…” He couldn’t say it. He was about to tell Mycroft, but the words remained halted at his lips, waiting to be released. Instead, he just clenched his fist and looked down.
“Ah, yes. You’ve been quite the little brat. Trying to tear me down. Are you really so oblivious to the fact that I was just picking up your mess?” he asked, feeling smug as he looked at the curly hair that fell into the man’s face. “Bad boy.”
Jim walked in the room, silent as he stared intensely at Sherlock. He walked up and stood next to him, looking up at the man with interest. When Sherlock looked over, he just looked at Jim for a moment before going back to looking at the bodies. There was a mutual understanding between the both of him. They both were waiting for Sherlock to start making deductions. After a moment, Jim whispered to him, not taking his gaze off of them as well. “Tell me what you see.”
Sherlock wasn’t expecting to clam up like this, but when he heard Jim’s voice, he couldn’t say anything. He just cleared his throat and slowly began. “I… I don’t know.” He said, his voice obviously spacey and slightly disoriented.
John answered him by pushing him against the wall and pressing their lips together. Sherlock welcomed it and wrapped his arms around John with an appreciation he couldn’t quite comprehend. They stumbled into the flat and it didn’t seem as though they could get upstairs to Sherlock’s room fast enough.
“You can’t run from me, Sherlock. I know you. I’m the only one that will put up with you.” John hissed, "You're an embarrassment, it's why you've always been alone. No one else can stand you picking them apart the way you do because they can't handle your cruelty. There are times where I wonder why I bother. You make me feel so awful with the things you say... If you cared you'd show it."
John didn’t care. He was making a point. After all, why should he care? Sherlock didn’t care when he was leaving him behind in the dirt to go play games for two years. He just continued on, completely cold to Sherlock’s seeming vulnerability. “Or maybe this isn’t even for me. After all, you couldn’t have even known I was going to be home.” Sherlock’s frown grew and he shifted from toe to toe. “Maybe you made this,” John began, pausing a little so he could let out an airy chuckle. “Maybe you made this for your little criminal friend. You did, didn’t you, Sherlock?” He antagonized, turning to look at Sherlock just so that he could take in what this was doing to him.
For the first time in what seemed like forever, a genuine smile came across Sherlock’s face. He hadn’t smiled like this since John spoke to him on the rooftop. Even when he was about to kill himself, John showered him in compliments. He just wished that that behavior had continued. “Jim,” he began, looking upon him as he would an old friend. A bit dark if you consider the fact that one tried to kill the other. “How goes it?” he asked, the dark, smug look returning to his face.
He did know that. Sherlock returned Jim’s gaze before nodding and shoving his hands in his pockets. “Alright.” He said. This made Jim smile brightly, his first genuine smile in a while. “Come along, Sherly. The driver’s outside.”
So sorry for not posting in a long time. My editor and I lost motivation and nothing got done, so I wrote the past three chapters myself. I apologize if they're not as good.
He stood in the doorway for a bit, just watching Sherlock. Sherlock then looked up at him and cleared his throat. “I-” Jim shook his head. “No need.” He didn’t need Sherlock to explain himself or feel bad about what he was thinking. It was perfectly normal for him to be conflicted, and he’d be worried if Sherlock just blindly went with him without thinking for himself at all.
“I’m not using the scapegoat here. Jesus, for someone who’s always prattling on about logic, you don’t seem to have any. I’m giving an explanation. You’re scapegoating with this emotional abuse bullshit. I bet you Jim told you everything, didn’t he? You didn’t research anything.” John crossed his arms and looked at Sherlock expectantly.
Sherlock pursed his lips and looked at him. “Right. Well, you’re here now. Do you want to celebrate?” he asked, the sarcasm thick in his voice.
John shook his head. “Of course. It’s always my fault, isn’t it? I care about you so much, Sherlock. So much. And this is how you treat me.”
Sherlock was suspicious as to why Jim wanted him to randomly deduce, but he figured he would pass the time and he looked at the woman sitting by herself. Jim already had her figured out. She was obviously on the more promiscuous side with multiple partners and she had abandonment issues due to an absent parental figure in her life. She was struggling with her rent and currently staying with a distant relative such as a cousin or an uncle.
“I’m glad you’re back here.” Sherlock said, trying to change the subject after sitting there for a moment or two more in silence.
Sherlock sauntered around the library a bit, finally gathering all of the books. He went to the other table in the library and began to set the books down in the way they were arranged in the fire due to the burn marks. He then looked at Jim for a moment before clearing his throat. “It was in an orphanage.” He said. “These are all children’s books, but they’re too ragged to be part of a residential home. They’re not old, so it’s not like they were passed down. Plus, the burn marks show that they were held in a tight-knit space, not as part of one display in a whole room as you would expect with a residential home.. It started…” He picked up one of the books and sniffed. “It started because of a cigarette left in a nearby trash can by one of the supervisors..”
John laughed a little. “Old friend? He tried to kill you! How friendly can he be? He tried to take you away from me, Sherlock. He did. Do you remember?”
Sherlock looked up at the other. “I think John is emotionally abusive.” He finally said, avoiding Mycroft’s gaze as he did so.
That surprised John, but still it most definitely was not unwelcome. He looked at Sherlock with a genuine smile and nodded, moving and sitting over next to the man. “I’m glad that you let me come back here,” He said, brushing a few curls out of Sherlock’s face. He pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek and then stood up, dismissing the last box. “I think this one can wait. We have some other things to do.” His tone mimicked that of a sultry purr as his body language changed as well. Sherlock noticed, and he retaliated by moving so that he stood in front of John.
After denying Jim’s insistence of him spending the night in his flat, Sherlock left the little hub to go back to 221b with a fresh, thought out mind. He’d spent the majority of the evening in silence, simply sorting things out in his palace and going over all the details as if something would change.
“Sherlock, do you have to use that tone with me? You’re being kind of an arse.” John said, his arms crossed as he eyed Sherlock with judgment in his eyes.  “Seriously, you call her stupid, but Sally’s right. You are rude.”
“Nope. Not her.” Sherlock said, looking up at her once before looking back at his book. Still, though, he spoke, the deductions running out of his mouth. “She’s weak, has arthritis in her left hand. That’s why she only picks up her books with her right hand. It’s obvious. Plus, she’s in a happy relationship. She wouldn’t put herself in a risk.” He said, a small, proud smirk on his face. John never tolerated his deductions anymore. He wanted him to be normal- and deducing things were not normal. He sighed and cleared his throat.
Of course, Jim was watching everything. He looked at the cameras, listened to the audio as if he were waiting for some kind of clue that Sherlock was on top of his game. That he was aware he was being watched and was leaving some kind of clue. There was nothing. There wasn’t any Morse code or foreign language, or anything else that would make Jim giddy like he used to get at the challenge that was Sherlock Holmes. He’d been reduced to a puddle of nothing by that bloody pet.
Jim knew that the army man was capable of such behaviors. Sherlock may be blind to it, but Jim could see it. He was a man that killed without thought and missed the war. While he was cute when he was flustered, when he was in his zone he was almost unstoppable. It could actually be frightening to a select few. This was a whole new realm though. This wasn’t physical abuse, as Jim had suspected. This was worse for Sherlock. It was worse because Sherlock could take a beating, but he knew that Sherlock could not handle being out of his depth mentally. And that John making him do so would mess him up more than any old bruise or scrape. He let out a deep breath and looked at Sherlock with a dead look in his eyes as he smiled. He would do it. He would kill John Watson. Get rid of any distraction in Sherlock’s life. He didn’t care how much Sherlock loved the pet, this was unacceptable. Sherlock’s low, silky tone interrupted Jim’s train of thought.
And all of a sudden everything zoomed out and faded. That’s all he could remember. Sherlock woke up with a hard shaft and a confused mind as he shuffled around in his sheets. Little flashbacks of his dream began to come back to him, hitting him like a boulder as he sat up and leaned against the headboard. He let out a sharp exhale as he processed everything that was going on. There wasn’t even much to think about. He just had a sex dream. About Moriarty, of all people.
Mycroft looked over the two of them. While it looked like some strain was going on, it couldn’t be anything really emotional. He looked Sherlock over one more time before shaking his head. “Stay out of trouble, Sherlock,” He warned before walking out of the flat.
Sherlock looked at John and shook his head. “I’m listening perfectly fine.” He said. “I’m just not getting upset like I usually do when you get like this. Perhaps try talking like a normal person.”
Sherlock stepped back as John began to walk towards him, and he just wanted this fighting to stop. He looked at the man in front of him with a submissive gaze, the expression seeming to be especially foreign on a Holmes face. “John,” He breathed out, doing his best to keep his stoicism.
Sherlock’s eyes scanned the pages in a failed attempt to read. Jim just sat up straight and looked at Sherlock admiringly. “Oh, come on, Sherly-”
Jim held up his hands in fake, dramatic surrender as he chuckled. “Fine. Fine. But really, we both know you want to pay attention to me, so how about you just do it before daddy gets mad?” he said, his voice harmonic with a dominant undertone, something that only he could manage. He leaned forward to look at the detective as he waited for an answer. To let him know that he was paying attention, Sherlock dismissively put the book down and glanced up at him, his baby blue eyes mimicking the color of the ocean. Jim smiled at that and nodded, pouncing at the opportunity to get Sherlock’s attention. “Okay. First, How did
Jim nodded but at this point he wasn’t interested in the people. He was more interested in finding out what’s been going on with Sherlock. The man had left so suddenly the last time that they were together. He wanted to know what was going on.
This was when Jim decided to have a little fun. He gave a small side-smile and shook his head. “No, Sherlock. That was unacceptable. I demand you do it again to make up for it.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I didn’t force you to attempt suicide.” He said sharply. “Plenty of people have loved ones die and, guess what? They’re still here. You made that decision John. Stop holding it over my head as some kind of guilt trip. I’m done.” He said. John seemed taken back by that, but nonetheless he shook his head, a hurt expression on his face.
Jim watched the hangnail as well, but it was mostly out of curiosity for what Sherlock was going to do next instead of desperation like the other man. After a while, he gave a simple reply. “That’s not an answer, Sherlock.”
That made John actually begin to laugh. It started off with that simple laugh and quieted out into a poisonous gaze directed at the other man. “Look at what he’s done to you, Sherlock,” He said quietly, letting his facial expression do most of the talking. “He’s trying to get in between what we have here, and he’s turning you into some sort of puppet,”
Sherlock shook his head. “I’m not ordinary. If I were, you wouldn’t be here.” He pointed out. Jim nodded, but still made a mental note of Sherlock’s behavior. The detective had never before felt the need to defend his actions so much or defend his need to be around someone. That was worrisome. Perhaps his pet wasn’t treating him as well as he thought.
“From deduction?” Jim asked skeptically, even though his face still showed no reflection of his inward worry-wart demeanor.
Jim let out a sharp laugh and shook his head. “Like a stripper?” Sherlock shrugged and tried to dismiss him, going back to his book. “You’re not special, you know,” Jim said, his gaze burning into Sherlock’s skin almost like a laser. “Anyone here could tear down my network if they wanted. Even her.” He said, pointing to the librarian. He knew what he was doing. He was provoking Sherlock to deduce. It worked.
Sherlock nodded and took the box, putting it to the side as he continued to work on the one in front of him. “It’s not a fault of mine that you’ve stopped living out of a suitcase,” He joked. “We’re almost done. We’ve got about two left,”
Mycroft leaned down and squinted at Sherlock a bit, not saying anything. “What are you doing?” He finally asked as though Sherlock were simply doing something strange.
Jim shook his head. “He was always capable of this, Sherlock. It only got revealed to an extreme when he got possessive about you after coming back. You’re looking back with nostalgia. It’s dishonest.” He took a leap and put one of his hands on Sherlock’s shoulder. “If you need me, I’ll be in my den.” He said. Sherlock looked at Jim and paused, biting the inside of his lip. “Stay,” He managed in a murmur.
It was a simple puzzle really. He took all of the books that had been affected in the same fire and made ties to them through highlighted words. In the last book, the words “Tell me about the fire” would be highlighted.
“Sherlock, you understand that no one would put up with you besides me, right? I don’t want you to leave only to find that no one else is as accommodating and accepting as I am. No one else would tolerate what you did in the kitchen.” He said, pressing their mouths together again and again before pulling back for an answer.
Sherlock looked down at the reference to their old life. “John, I-” He sighed, trying to think of something to say. “I don’t know. I don’t know what you want me to say.” He said.
“Jim. Right,” John chuckled a little. “Of course you were with him. Tell me, did he fuck you real good? Hm?” He looked at Sherlock with a fearless expression. Sherlock’s eyes widened and he shook his head. “What? John, no.” He stammered out, the anger from the previous night returning. Still, he just got over a fight. Best not cause another one, if he could stop it. John saw this, and he just shook his head. “You’re not seeing him again.”
“No need to be snappy, Holmes.” Jim said, a low and warning tone in his voice. His tone then changed to a calmer, more curious gait. “What’s been going on with you, anyhow? You’re slow, predictable, and you’re getting ordinary.”
“You’re just so rude, Sherlock. An arsehole that no one should have the misfortune of meeting. You can’t even pick up on a hint to clean up a rotting mess on the counter.”
Sherlock pulled his head from John’s hands, shaking it like he might somehow shake out the negative ideas John was planting in his mind as he stood and strode quickly to his bedroom, slamming the door behind him, needing to be alone. He heard an indignant, “Really?!” from the living room and he looked at the door, knowing he didn’t have much time left before John came in and taking the moment to brace himself. The next instant, the door to his bedroom was flung wide and John came in with blazing eyes, making him realize that he had only made the things worse.
He got up and made his way to the kitchen, putting some water in the kettle. He was trying to make it a habit to at least sometimes make his own tea, only because he knew that eventually going up and down those stairs was going to prove to be a bad idea for his elderly friend. He got the box of tea bags down from the cabinet and just sighed, running a hand through his hair. He hadn’t even changed out of his clothes last night before falling out of sleep. He didn’t feel like being in anything much today.
He jumped a little and looked at it, his expression falling as he looked at the name. Sherlock looked at Jim and stood up, setting his book on the nearest shelf as he put his phone in his pocket. “I need to go.” He said. Jim would have made some sarcastic comment about Sherlock taking orders, but the look on Sherlock’s face was less than calm. He just nodded at him and let him go, waving nonchalantly.
Sherlock didn’t want to bother with it. He just put the phone away and flicked on the silent mode while it was in his pocket. “Never mind it, John.” He said, looking at the other with a weary-eyed expression.
Jim Moriarty sat on the wooden strips of the park bench as he looked around. He was dressed in a black suit with red detailing and a grey tie that all fit to his frame perfectly. Just because he didn’t care for getting money or fame or any of that didn’t mean that he was going to allow himself to dress in a cheap manner. He looked around the park, searching for the familiar patch of curly raven hair before looking to his watch. It was only 2:58. Sherlock would be around. He settled himself and began to look around at all of the people, able to tell their life stories with a single glance.
“Sherlock,” John greeted, looking up at his lover. Yeah, he went out on a walk that previous night. While he was out, he thought about everything and decided that no, it wasn’t his fault for being angry. After all, Sherlock was bloody talking to the very person that made him leave in the first place. What, did Sherlock just want to leave again? Did Sherlock want to put him through that hell all so that he could play his little game with a criminal that he seemed to love oh so much? He wasn’t going to allow it, and while he was out he decided he was going to do everything in his power to make sure that Sherlock didn’t die again, didn’t leave again just like he did last time.
Sherlock looked at John, keeping his face from falling at that comment. “It’s not an issue of me lacking emotion, but rather you having too much of it.” He said.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and grinned, happy to still have the man all to himself for now.
“Hey, you,” John prodded, beaming as he handed Sherlock another box. “I’m kicking your arse at unpacking these boxes,”
“I told you, they’re fine. He’s being kind of a prick, but that’s not new.” He said, looking at Jim as if to gauge his reaction to see whether or not it was a good idea that he had shared information with him.
Sherlock paused in that moment and just had to take the time to think. Never before had John actually denied an event that he said happened. He was sure that it happened. He was absolutely sure of it. Then again, why was he doubting himself. He looked at John, a slightly betrayed expression on his face. “No. It did happen, John.” He said.
“How’s the pet?” he asked nonchalantly, putting his hands in his pockets. He wasn’t jealous, although to a normal person it may seem that way. He didn’t get jealous because if he wanted something he always just found a way to get it. No. This was something else entirely. It was like an inquiry, as if to prod Sherlock and get him to open up. If he had his anger to fuel his thoughts- going off of the assumption that his suspicions were correct- he would be unstoppable. Still, of course Sherlock wasn’t going to open up. He doesn’t think that was how it worked.
Sherlock actually felt proud at that. He nodded and began to put the books back. Jim spoke up. “I’ll be giving you puzzles such as this until I see you be as quick as you were before.” He said. He just wanted Sherlock to go back to the genius he used to be.
“I got your favorite, love.” He murmured, smiling as he set the food down in front of Sherlock. It did look good. He sighed and just dug in, the food replacing the worries that were trying to fill his head.
Sherlock didn’t respond, knowing that it was no use trying to fight with John. He would just sort through all of this later, going through the words said until he found a logical point in them and then throw them out with the rest of his unneeded memories. He left for the living room and sat on the couch, pulling his dressing gown tight around him as he glared at his lap. Very little got to Sherlock but one of the most unsettling things was when people yelled at him and didn’t give him a chance to explain himself. Lately, John had been doing it most and the increasing frequency was becoming unsettling.
Sherlock looked at her and after a moment, he smiled. “She was clever… Not as clever as you and I, but definitely more so than her peers. From the looks of it, she’s 17. After years of intellectual isolation, she began using her intellect to manipulate her peers and pin people after one another. She had careless parents that encouraged her to embrace her looks, not her smarts.
John laughed a little, his tone tense and thick. “You’ll tell me who that was, Sherlock. I don’t need you keeping secrets on top of everything else you’ve done.” He spoke through his teeth and his tone was both light and sharp at the same time, passive aggression laced through each and every word.
John was out. It was just another day in the flat now that Sherlock, being watched like a hawk, wasn’t allowed to even mutter Jim’s name. It had been months since that night he walked out. He hadn’t done much of anything, really. He hadn’t taken any cases, done any experiments, or done anything else besides closed himself off in his room and tried to get lost in his head.
That next morning, Sherlock woke up to the sound of a familiar emptiness throughout the flat. He hated to admit just how much he actually liked the feeling of being alone again. It wasn’t so much that he wanted to be alone, just away from the unpredictability of John’s company, and he didn’t ever think that he of all people would beg for predictability.
"Detective Inspector Lestrade," Mycroft said, face void of any emotion, "would you be so kind as to join me for a drink?"
John chuckled and ran a hand through his hair self-consciously . "God yes, how on earth did you do that?"
They lay there for an agonising few minutes before Greg cleared his throat. "You're going to have to explain-"
"You'd damn yourself to a life of secrecy?" Sherlock asked, voice faltering. "Abandon the life you want for yourself? Abandon the word of God?"
Two weeks later, Sherlock received a letter from John's commanding officer. It was addressed to Sarah and held the news that John had been shot while assisting a group of men on a recon mission. He'd been shot. Shot in the shoulder and recovering before he could be sent home.
"I think he's about to rob her. They know each other. He's desperate," Sherlock murmured, eyes transfixed.
"Any decent doctor would be able to self diagnose their psychosomatic limp and learn to take a bloody sleeping pill at night," Sherlock said, seeing things unravel and not able to stop his own mouth.
They ended up in the fields again. John wasn't sure how that kept happening. It seemed that Sherlock just longed to be outside.
John looked over at Sherlock and the man barely even reacted, simply standing and sticking his hands in his pockets. Just as he did, Greg and another fellow from the police burst into the house.
Sherlock snatched up the box and put the board back, using his heel to bully it back into place, and left the flat as quietly as he'd entered.
Sherlock caught John's arm as the man's legs gave out and sat him on the edge of the sofa to go pour the water for tea. He tried not to let the situation spin out of control. He simply had to decide on what truth he would create, and then spin it. John would believe him. John could do little else.
"I know, John," Sherlock said, wondering if it would always come down to that, if he would always be reminded.
"Pretend you're lost," Sherlock said with some exasperation, "pretend you need help finding the loo. I don't know. Keep her busy."
Mycroft pulled one from his pocket, his face pressing against Greg's chest as he had to reach almost to his calf to do so, and placed it in Greg's hand. There was a sigh as Greg removed his fingers and Mycroft yelped when his cock was covered in lube that didn't have the courtesy of warmth.
John laughed and collapsed back to where he'd been sitting before. "Oi, shut it and give me my food."
"Are you done?" Sherlock asked, voice emotionless enough to tell John he hadn't seen anything he would consider untoward.
"You're welcome," Sherlock whispered, too close for decency as her breath ghosted across Jane's lips.
When his daughter had come out of the womb he knew they'd have to give it another go. No one wanted a woman in the military.
He wanted to write DoctorJohn and ask him how you know when you're ready for sex. Wanted to know definitively when it will happen. He'd only been in what he thinks is that situation once, close enough to breathe someone else's scent, to taste their lips.
‘No matter,’ he thought as he retreated, corner of Mycroft’s wallet poking him in the shin with every step. He had a name, after all.
"How did you know that?" John asked, shifting uncomfortably on his toes and gripping the cane with bruising force.
By the time they made it to Sherlock's flat, the man felt more himself. The cloud of arousal was starting to fall and he wondered what on Earth he was doing. But, God, how he liked the man. He was a challenge, guarded and hesitant to open up. He was the best kind of mystery.
A few minutes later the mistress of the house appeared. She had dressed and fixed her hair a bit, but it was obvious she'd been sleeping. Sleeping without her wedding ring.
John started to reply and then stopped, opening an email instead and sending it out that way. A question. A simple, 'Was that you?'. The response came immediately.
He'd worried about Todd when the man was just a thing Sarah spoke of in passing, but once he'd met him it was clear that he was totally inept when it came to wires and the like. He worked at a flower shop. He cut and arranged roses and lilies and hadn't touched a fuse box in his short life. He was perfect.
Jane let her eyes close and focused on breathing normally and not moaning like she was in a bloody porno. On inch, she thought, one inch higher and I'll lose it.
"Let me," John said, pausing and clearing his throat, "let me take you out. You can explain it over late night Chinese."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and stood. "As if that would ever happen. John-the new vicar simply allowed me time in the library. Mrs Hudson said to tell you you're putting on weight."
Greg finally got home at ten that night, taking the tube after working for five bloody hours in his cramped office on the bottom floor of the publishing firm, and did his best not to slam the door behind himself. He may have been exhausted and more than a little disappointed in his life but that didn't mean he needed to wake the neighbors.
"Ignore her, John," Sherlock said, eyes rolling. "Special consultants don't have any legal standing."
The letter went on to tell her that she had inherited a flat in central London from her aunt, who had passed away that month. A flat. A free flat. The only problem was, she didn't have an aunt.
"Nope. We're going out for a pint to celebrate you two getting hitched," she said, the whole room exploding with applause.
For a long time, an absurdly long time, they sat there on the phone listening to each other breathe. It wasn't pornographic, they weren't panting or moaning, so it was a strange thing to do. John, though, found he couldn't stop, found he was listening to both sets of breathing now and remembering in a truly astonishing way that he himself was alive. He was alive, and he was home, and he was on the phone with this absolute berk, but he was alive.
There was a loud rap on the door and he stood quickly, opening it and nodding to the man on the other side.
He read through the stories he could find that he thought he might like over the next few days. One stuck out in his mind and before he knew it, he found himself writing a sort of prequel. A few paragraphs about how the two men met. Background.
It was the first time John had referred to Sherlock as Sarah since the first letter. Sherlock set the letter down and stood, pulling on his shoes and heading out into the nearly oppressive rain.
"Are you going into town?" the man interrupted. John nodded slowly and watched as the man rose and dusted himself off, Merrick running around his legs in tight circles and jumping to get another scratch. "Well, come on then. Don't dawdle. And I hope you have something interesting to say. This town is dull enough without the dullards who live here."
John giggled at that. "Oh, you're a smart one. Don't have to remember an anniversary that way. Suppose it'd be someone like you that would think that up."
Greg was already gone by the time they got back to their seats, which was just as well as neither of the men wanted to see him.
"Well, it is rather romantic, don't you think? The universe won't allow it until I'm in danger," Sherlock said softly, smiling tightly to himself and looking down at his feet, then up again at John bashfully.
"Does guilt concern you?" John asked, cutting off another bit of cheese and passing it to Sherlock as if he was trying to win over a frightened animal.
"Detectives," Sherlock corrected, and Jane realised once again that she knew nothing about the woman.
It was a nice cafe, yes, but Sherlock didn't feel like it really fit John. Then again, he did join his employees in the cafeteria.
Sherlock nodded and set his drink aside, folding his arms up and leaning in to rest against John's chest. John wrapped an arm around him and drank the last of his drink, letting the glass fall to the floor so he could properly hug Sherlock.
"John, you horrible man, don't wake me yet," Sherlock groaned, rolling so he could bury his nose under the covers against John's chest. He snuffled a bit there and fell back asleep.
John gripped his hand and pulled him closer. "Now we make our tea and sit together in the library. And after, we walk by the water. And if you're very good I might have to kiss you below that old oak at the end of the drive."
"I didn't remember she existed," Jane admitted, taking in how like the shop the sitting room was. "Did she own the apothecary?"
"Hand me that, would you?" Sherlock said sometime later, reaching to his left for something to stir his experiment with.
"No," John murmured, tightening his hand on Sherlock's neck, "you don't understand, do you? You...are not...what I...expected, yeah? And I'm still trying to wrap my head around if I'm doing this wrong."
"Tell me what you need," John said, reaching between them and stroking Sherlock's cock, its interest filling it out and causing it to press firmly to John's stomach.
John took a long sip of his tea and shrugged. "I'm a doctor, but you probably knew that, and she's a nurse. Met her on my first day and she made fun of my limp."
"Well, I have to get back," Greg said finally, the silence dragging on longer than he was comfortable with.
John's body felt particularly hot where it was pressed to Mary, his hip and elbow uncomfortable. The roughness of the wood against his trousers, the way bits of it pulled at him when he shifted, made him want to scream. He wished he was anywhere else.
"There's a first time for everything," Sherlock mumbled, it almost lost in the slosh of water as Jane sat up.
It wasn't where he had imagined his life. He thought he'd be a detective, or a chemist, or a myriad of other things. Instead, he was sitting in the cramped bathroom stall of a mediocre secondary school, where he taught year ten to a group of children who were foolish enough to like him. 35, and yet to really feel like an adult.
The screen came to life and Sherlock blinked at it. The clues were all there, the answer obvious, but how could...how could it be?
"I'm not sure I'm the best fit for this congregation," John said, sitting on a bench next to James and folding his hands in his lap. "I know you had a hand in finding it for me, and I'm sorry I never thanked you for that, but I'm not sure I'm the man they need."
John had the nightmare again. He was clawing his way out from under dead bodies and he could never quite make it to the surface. The word medic was being shouted over and over again, sounding farther away by the second. He woke just as sand started to fill his open mouth.
"She's my best man, and we don't know anything about the local cops. They could be completely incompetent, and someone might notice them," Lestrade replied.
"Move an inch, and I swear you won't come for a week," John growled, stomping into the kitchen for some cooking oil.
. Sherlock looked down, and then back up to where John was still smiling softly. He cleared his throat and tried to think of what to say.
John shook his head and turned to go, stopping on the top step to say one more thing. "Jesus, Sherlock. I don't know what you're thinking, but I have to go. Don't...just, leave it."
"You knew you'd have to do this sort of thing when you signed the contract, John," his manager, Greg, said as he brought the obviously stressed writer a coffee.
Lying had always been the pull for him; it coming easily and believably to him even as a child. Lying was simple when further means of manipulation, methods much more likely to be found in his older brother's behavior, were difficult. Sherlock found the ease of lying and getting what he wanted thrilling at first, that was why he started, but once he became good at it he just found it second nature.
Thinking out of doors at that hour would have ended uncomfortably, the frost coming in without care for the time of year and nipping relentlessly at his nose, easy target that it was. He figured it wouldn't be too bad an idea to head to the pub to have a pint. Then he would feel less likely to bolt again.
Sherlock scoffed and reached out just as they made it into Regent's park, picking a flower and presenting it to her. "Men like him deserved to be dragged before the whole of the city. I haven't had such fun in a long while."
Sherlock scratched harder at her hand, eyes not leaving Jane's, and Jane held her hand out. Sherlock cocked her head to the side and Jane wriggled her fingers.
I've only ever been in one relationship before, and even then it ended before we kissed. How would one go about starting a relationship that would lead to this type of closeness?
John joined them in the entryway and helped with the food, taking a bag and kissing Mrs H on the cheek. "Thank you, my dear."
The tall man took the placard from John's hand with a snarl and sat in the chair hard enough for the wire and plastic thing to whinge.
John's hands rested on his hips, thumbs rubbing circles as Sherlock's head fell back at the first finger pushed in and his cock bobbed obscenely between them, wet at the tip.
They were polar opposites, Molly and Sherlock, but John got the feeling that they would work out. He watched Sherlock effortlessly get the attention of his class, and wondered what the man's brother had said to him the night before. He made a mental note to call the brother, and went to his desk to commence his day.
"Did you eat with Mrs Hudson? Every meal, or something?" she asked, thinking back on the dinner comment.
"Used to be," Jane admitted, spice biting at her nostrils as she pushed closer, daring Sherlock to budge.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and walked to the kitchen, pushing things aside and setting down the photos and file before going to get his best pair of scissors. "He called you, then. Don't know why I didn't see that coming."
He read through the post seven or so times before he made himself set aside the laptop and go rinse the mask from his face. It wouldn't do to get out of control before getting ready for bed, after all. He dried his face and hung his silk robe in the loo and turned the lights off slowly before slipping into bed, the only thing illuminating the room being the screen of his mobile.
"You've got a...seriously?" Greg pressed, unable to leave the subject, even though his brain was yelling at him to drop it.
The second they entered the Indian restaurant that John had picked out, a small woman near the back started shouting in Hindi. John looked behind them to see who she was shouting at, and instead found that Sherlock was rolling his eyes. John looked back at the woman, who continued to be verbally irritated, just as Sherlock replied. Also, in Hindi, which John didn't speak.
"'How do you know we'll ever see each other again?' Buttercup asked." John paused again, this time sipping at his own tea to cover it. "'Because this is true love,' Wesley explained, 'which doesn't happen everyday'."
After Sherlock left, John noticed he hadn't drank more than a sip. Curious, he picked up the cup and tried it. Cold, yes, but good. What a strange man.
Now he was simply in awe of that particular specialty. It felt different every time. He was never anything but greedy for Greg's mouth and time had shown him that wouldn't change.
"That would be much more touching without the implied threats. I'm sure you can see your way out," John said, opening the door.
"Look at me," John said softly, fingers brushing through Sherlock's hair. "Look at me. I'm not hurt, yeah? Not anymore."
Lestrade got the door open in just enough time to find Sherlock pulling out what they both knew was a file of cold cases, labeled 'Sherlock' in red block lettering, kept for particularly boring weeks. Lestrade's eyes went wide as Sherlock stuffed the whole file into his coat.
"Tell me if I'm going to fast," John said as he let his hand trail lower to brush into the short, thick curls at the base of Sherlock's cock.
Dr Willar was different. He'd been in the army, used it to pay for the schooling that got him his degree, and he hadn't just been on the sidelines. He'd seen action, a great deal if you went by the hushed conversations around the base when he arrived.
Marriage really was about compromise. Their first had been a bit of a quid pro quo; John admitting to his middle name being Hamish in exchange for the knowledge that Sherlock didn't, in fact, drift down, fully formed from the heavens, but was born just like every other human. Well, the knowledge of the date of said birth.
Sherlock did something particularly brilliant with his tongue and John heard his cane fall to the floor. He didn't even think, he just gripped Sherlock's shirt at the waist and pulled him closer, his thigh slotting between those gorgeously long legs and pressing.
"Here it is, here it is," John said, reached his other hand up to run it through the saliva on Sherlock's chin and neck before pressing his finger between Sherlock's arsecheeks and pressing against his hole.
"Why can't you just bloody ask?" Greg hissed, taking both their cocks in a spit slicked hand and thrusting his hips.
When she'd finally listed all the things she hated about it, she found herself able to speak. "I don't know why you're here."
"I need you to read my cards," Sherlock insisted. "And, and make notes. I had thought, I was under the impression that I would shoulder the vast majority of the talking."
John chuckled. "Well, you'd better get out, then, hadn't you? Don't want you coming down with something the first week in."
"On the scale," John said, holding the chart at his side and watching just how easily Sherlock really could get around.
Sherlock had barely made it through the front door of the school when he was assaulted by the presence of the newest staff member. She jogged to stay next to him, braided pigtails bobbing. If he'd fallen haphazardly into teaching, this woman had done so with great deliberation.
Sherlock cried out and started to break pace, moving faster and looking more like a wild animal than a man. He grunted and started to fist his own cock as he seemed to find his prostate and work it with the twitches of his hips.
He'd only just levitated to the attic when he heard Sherlock running up the stairs. It was like someone let a buck in; clack, clack, clack. Sherlock burst through the door and walked right into John, standing with John's shoulder poking out of his chest as he readied the soil for examination.
John sighed shortly and surged forward, hand slipping underneath the front of Sherlock's coat and over his heart. Sherlock couldn't breathe. Breathing wasn't an option. His mouth hung open and he forgot where he was and if he'd been able to breathe, which he couldn't, couldn't, he would have said something embarrassing.
He hadn't really drank enough to be in this bad of shape, he thought. It hadn't seemed like that much alcohol. But he was sure as hell feeling the after effects and regretting it. Why he hadn't said no to Greg's offer to buy shots, he didn't know.
Greg clapped John on the back and beamed at him. "The blog, John. It's brilliant! Hope you don't mind, but I imbedded a link to it on the convention website. Can't wait to see what you have to write up tonight!"
"You'll spoil me for the whole world this way," Sherlock replied, his breath hot against the crown of John's head. "Whetting my sexual appetite and giving me cause to sleep in the middle of the day."
The Chemist called to him but he batted her away, watching the new vicar limp along like a kicked dog.
"Used to be just a shadow," she explained. "Must be that Sherlock. Lord knows he barely talks of anything else. John this, and John that."
"Oh, come now, John," Sherlock said, grinning and wiping off his face. "I thought you said you were allowed fun."
"Wish I could be out in the rain without a brolly," she said, looking up at the sky and sighing. "I suppose it's going to rain all week like this. I'm sure you made Sherlock bring one with him. Silly boy thinks that coat of his will save him, but we all know what his hair does when it rains. He looks like a wet cat, poor dear."
Sherlock climbed onto the bed, his pants the only thing saving his decency, and pulled the covers all the way up to his chin. John pulled off his kit and quickly slid under the covers as well, bringing Sherlock to him and kissing his forehead.
"Would you like to be very good for me, now?" John asked, ignoring the voice in his head that told him this was much too pleasurable.
Breathing under control, he realised he’d actually frequented this spot whilst going to Bart’s. Before the renovation it had been run by an old man. There had been rows of formica topped tables lining the front window and back walls, and that abundance of flat surfaces guaranteed the medical students could always cram before class. The floors had been a peculiarly hard to describe color. Almost copper, somehow green, he had spent many a night nudging at the flattened carpet strands while memorizing vocabulary. Now it was a buzzing wasteland of hypnotic modernity and he felt like a transient body again, soon to be swiftly expunged from regular society.
It didn't make sense that the idea hurt so much. He was stupid to become so attached so quickly. It had started off as a lark. When that all changed, he couldn't be sure. It was somewhere between getting the second letter and writing back. Somewhere in that impossible few days he'd constructed a relationship in his mind. A friendship so easy that he'd been blind to its very construction.
When Sherlock was finally back and sitting at the table, he looked up. Oh, the brilliant man. He'd set the whiskey bottle between them and brought along two small glasses as well. As the tea steeped, Sherlock poured them both a shot and held his aloft.
"Says here you got into a fist fight," John said as he readied the room and sat in the only comfortable chair, looking at Sherlock as the man fussed with the tissue paper on the exam table.
Sherlock pushed his shoulders back and looked suddenly much older than his years. His sureness was daunting. "If I fail to add to my wealth of knowledge, to challenge it, to push my brain in new directions, I commit a crime against myself. Knowledge, unseen-to, vanishes."
"Roll them up and get in," Sherlock said. "There's plenty of new life just here. Tadpoles and water-skippers and fish eggs."
"I know you're there," Sherlock added, wiggling his fingers. "I honestly don't see why we can't just work together."
"If I get pneumonia," Sherlock asked, raising his eyebrows and walking backwards, "will you care for me, or pray for me?"
"He's an army doctor, if you must know. I was...it's been stressful for, for both of us, having him in such a dangerous area. We've been...we've been dealing with a lot of stress," Sherlock explained.
Sherlock moved at that glacial pace and didn't look away, and soon felt he was thoroughly lost in John's eyes. He pressed closer and fell into a deep kiss, John's tongue moving into his mouth and his hips starting to rise to meet Sherlock's. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's neck and felt heat rush up his spine.
John, overcome with affection for the man, leaned in and shut him up with his lips. Sherlock startled and held his breath for a moment before slumping down a bit and letting John run his fingers through his curls.
"Either way," Sherlock interrupted, happy to see that the boys had survived the few years since he'd been living in London, as many didn't, "I'm alive. How is your mum?"
He ran a hand over his face, panting and shaking, and lay there for a good few minutes before he was able to move. When he did stand it was to make his way to the shower and get in. The water was too cold at first, and he huddled in the corner of the ornate shower, out of the spray, until it got hot. Then, choking on a sob, he crumpled to the floor in a ball and let the water wash over his back as he cried.
The man was conflicted, shifting in his seat and trying to appear as if he wasn't looking out the window. Sherlock had seen this before, of course, but this time there was something different. He told Tommy he would speak with him about the case the next day and pushed his way to the front of the queue. There were a few disgruntled noises, but once they saw who was doing the pushing that all dropped away.
John threw his hands up and then jumped into the water where it was deepest, disappearing for a second far below the surface before reemerging. Sherlock swam to him and giggled when he shook the water from his short hair.
"I hope you aren't going to eat with that hand," John said, picking up his sandwich and laying back to rest on one elbow.
Mycroft shrugged so minutely no one who wasn't currently touching him would have noticed. "You've brought up my issues surrounding consent twice. I'm simply doing my duty to make sure we're on the same page."
Four pints later John was feeling quite loose and was sitting back in his seat smoking a cigarette. Greg was near nodding off across from him.
Greg looked over his shoulder at a group of people leaving the office and Mycroft stiffened, wondering, not for the first time, if Greg might be a bit ashamed of him.
"Thank god we're alone," John said, gasping for breath. "Could you imagine what people would say if they saw us here? Surrounded by hearts!"
"You really ought to eat more, dear," she said as she watched him fill in a hole in the backyard after taking a sample of the dirt.
It angered Sherlock that the man had picked up on it at all. He'd assumed that the doctor would believe his story and he'd be given advice and pretty much left alone. He wondered briefly if that was how people felt when he deduced them, that painful bit where secrets were torn from them and brought to light.
"What?" Jane asked, spun by the mention of dinner, as if they were a full fledged couple or some such nonsense, and the fact that they might soon be stuck in the dark.
One of the benefits of staying in such a swanky hotel was that they had a real, decent sized electric kettle in their room. John watched as Sherlock went about making tea, the alcohol in his belly starting to do its job. It was the only way he could sleep some nights, and it had seemed like a good plan earlier.
Jane stood and put them with her sleepwear on the toilet lid, and then waited for Sherlock to leave. When that didn't happen, and Sherlock instead, merely got out of the way, Jane cleared her throat.
"You're brilliant, you know," John said, his voice a whisper. "You're brilliant and so warm. You deserve so much."
"The same way I know about the army and the injury you sustained that brought you home," Sherlock replied smoothly. And then, in that next second, he saw why John hadn't gone to a pub. "Ah, the injury. You're looking for someone who won't pass judgement. You thought a prostitute would be less likely to mention-"
"You're getting a neighbor," Mycroft said, sitting back in his oversized chair and waiting for the fallout.
"We've got a train to catch in an hour," John said, wrapping the towel around his waist, as the sun had already dried his hair on the walk back. "Do we need to stop by your house for new clothes?"
Sherlock had walked into the street without looking and John had jumped after him, succeeding in not only leaving the kerb, but pushing the idiot out of the way of an oncoming car. It was close enough to John's own death, and enough of an evolution in his capabilities, that he knew they needed to be honest.
The second Sherlock had a hand around himself he was coming with a grunt, body pulled tight and back arching off the bed.
"You can tell me anything," John said as he opened the door, the sound of nature's evening activity pulling him out along with Sherlock to stand awkwardly on the front porch.
“You still owe me 200 quid,” Terry continued, pulling a comically long blade from his belt. “I think I’ll take it in blood.”
And thank god he was being called in for his interview, because he really didn't know what to say to an obvious teenager, a well-read teenager, and one with an large vocabulary, but a teen nonetheless. His stomach turned at the thought and his brain kept throwing images of himself in cuffs. The pedophile. The enabler. The pervert, giving out sex suggestions to a child.
"Oh," the man said, eyes narrowing and walking again. "Ah, the limp. Discharged. Traumatic injury. Not in the leg, though, as that's psychosomatic...could I see the wound? Haven't seen a good wound in years. Well I suppose I'm not taking into account Mr Willis. Last summer he was pulled into some farm machinery, wrenched his arm. I was lucky enough to be in the morgue when they removed it."
Sherlock leaned down and kissed him and John turned off the tap, reaching out of the shower for two fluffy towels. Soon enough they were dry and Sherlock was walking out of the loo in the nude as John put on a robe.
He was...he was saving the man the disappointment. That was all. He would let him have his girl to write home to and just cut it off later, a few months down the line. No harm done in that. Perhaps he'd even be killed before he found out the only person he had to write home to didn't want him. It was practically public spirited!
The obsession would have been a simple preoccupation, if not for the words Greg had uttered. Sherlock didn't like people. Sherlock was unfriendly.
John cleared his throat and chewed on his lip, not sure why he was so unhappy with how things had ended. "He doesn't seem very fond of my position."
"How dare you- I was a CHILD! I'd hardly mastered my powers at thirteen!" Sherlock shouted, wrestling her greatcoat on and scowling murderously even as a nervous flush moved up her neck.
The man blushed and Jane felt her jaw tightening, felt a heat under her collar. She followed the lovestruck idiot down the hall to a  small storage room that doubled as a staff lounge and took pity on the man. He was so obviously enamored by Sherlock and Jane was starting to tire of the way Sherlock could manage it.
"Don't interrupt, I need to say this." John was sniffling then, eyes tearing up. "I know, I know it's hard for you when I'm away."
At that time, standing outside his own body felt horribly frightening. He screamed at his family to see him, to stop staring at that strangely familiar dead boy and just hear him. One minute can feel like days when something like that happened.
As he set up the room he thought back to the fantasy that had overcome him the other night. He cleared his throat and reminded himself that it had nothing to do with reality.
John smiled at him in a way he knew gave away his fierce sentiment. "I somehow couldn't imagine you in a place without nature."
"I thought I'd finally found someone who agreed that romantic entanglements were useless. I thought that you were above all that. You're handsome and competent and funny, so if you'd wanted a wife you would have got one by now, so," Sherlock continued, putting John's mind at ease. "So I thought maybe you detested things like lust."
"Based on true stories. You'd know that if you read them," Sherlock said, leaning over the edge of the building and looking down.
Sherlock straddled him again and whimpered as their cocks rubbed together. "Your fingers. Like before."
Sherlock crossed his arms and closed his eyes, fingers twitching anxiously. He didn't notice when the dentist walked up and took his seat across from him.
John could see the police milling about as soon as they were coming up on the street. They had an area cordoned off and were standing at the edge of it speaking together as Sherlock paced back and forth just inside it. Sherlock looked tense. John figured he'd never seen him in work mode before and realised he may not have been meeting up with the man he thought he knew.
John felt himself blush and sputtered. "We can't go interview the suspect before the police. Detective Inspector Lestrade told us he wouldn't even think about pressing charges until you explained yourself fully."
"I love jazz," Sherlock replied, taking a step forward and wondering when the word love had been given permission to come into his lexicon.
The man smiled (and wasn't that enticing?) and picked up a large mug. Sherlock couldn't stop himself from staring at the man's lips.
John drew back and looked at Sherlock very seriously for a moment. "It was a shite way to introduce yourself to someone, you know. With a lie, and all."
Sherlock's head fell back and John continued his work on that elegant neck of his. He lipped at the skin and laved it with his tongue, and soon Sherlock was a blubbering mess.
Soon enough they pulled into a long driveway and up to a silent, but somewhat lit, house. There were servants visible through the lit windows on the ground floor and John's eyes were drawn to them as Sherlock hastily paid the fee and hoped from the cab. John nodded at the driver and followed as quickly as he could, the gravel crunching under his feet seeming frightfully loud.
Sarah had moved in a month prior. She was studying hospital management and was quiet. As far as neighbors went, she was about the best you could expect. She was close to nonexistent. That was exactly what he preferred, except when it came to Mrs Hudson, of course.
Sherlock searched the house for less than an hour before leaving Mr Tollance to wonder if he'd return.
The Savoy was loud as Sherlock walked in. He was several minutes early, so he went to sit at the bar. The man tending it was wearing a ludicrous amount of hair product and eyed Sherlock carefully, gaze drifting to the open neck of his shirt. Sherlock cleared his throat and ordered two fingers of whiskey. He needed it.
"That and the fact that I'd like to show you off a bit. Not often that I get to show up my peers," Mycroft added, pulling Greg back in to kiss him and then pressing a second box into his hands.
"Stay there," Sherlock said, going over to John's stash beside the bed and grabbing a condom and the bottle of lube.
A month of planning, two nights in a horribly cheap hotel room with no mini fridge, and a train ride back with a crying baby, and there he was; getting the call that said everything had fallen apart.
"It's been a year. I'm not sure I can do it. Do you have any idea how many times I've sat down to write and come up empty?" John asked, already exasperated that early in the day.
"Late nights reading?" John challenged, smirking as he knew Sherlock was putting it on for the upper hand.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and smiled before hopping into the water and bending over to look around. John swallowed down on the tightness in his throat and laughed at the look on the man's face. His laughter died as Merrick woke and dashed in after Sherlock.
"Who on earth are you and what have you done with the reserved man I used to know?" Greg asked, squeezing Mycroft's hand.
"Bloody, buggering, hell," John said, burying himself as deep as he could manage, Sherlock's legs both over his shoulders and gone slack.
"You like him. I know," Sally said with a sad smile. "So let's go protect him. You stay on him, and I'll stick with Mary. See what I can get her to divulge. Perhaps play up the jealousy angle and suggest Doc might have a crush on John."
-'What are you going to do, doctor? Make me?' the nurse said, batting his eyelashes and pushing the tip of his tongue into his cheek tauntingly.-
"Well good, cause you're stuck with me," John said, feeling like he could bloody cry with happiness. "Turn around."
"I don't know how to deal with someone who pays attention," John admitted, the hour, and the company, making reality seem gossamer. "And, and I can't believe I'm saying any of this out loud. You can't know that I don't speak to my therapist. You just, people can't tell things like that about each other."
After a moment of nothing changing Greg got up the nerve to speak. "You can stay the night. It doesn't have to mean anything."
It was raining again. Not on the forecast, but it was London after all. Greg walked at a brisk pace, that day's newspaper held over his head and coat collar up. What he really wanted was a smoke. Sherlock had been acting odd again, talking to someone who wasn't there, and no matter how Greg had tried to persuade his team into looking the other way, he met resistance.
He still felt silly saying it. He’d started saying it while in hospital between surgeries 3 and 4. It was something the first therapist had suggested, actually, now that he thought of it. She wasn’t all that bad a therapist after all.
"Yes, but my princess is too tired now to do it on his own," John said, tossing the shirt aside and pulling Sherlock up against his chest.
They snaked their way to a smaller room near the back. The walls were quite possibly mahogany and the thick carpet was a deep red. Even the fireplace harkened back to a time Greg wondered if anyone in the building was old enough to remember.
John relaxed again and drew patterns on Sherlock's back, soothing him to sleep and feeling each breath, each minute shift. It felt like he was finally home.
"Me?" John huffed, hating the warmth he now felt in his chest. Why he should feel pride over that, he didn't know.
Just outside their view one of the other writers snapped a picture that could only be explained as the lead up to a kiss. The kiss didn't happen. Yet.
Sherlock patted him on the head and walked him back inside, kneeling to whisper to him seriously. "Go keep him company."
He would be dead within two years. Shortly after John had announced he was joining the military, an announcement that didn't bring with it any of the fanfare and acceptance he had hoped. The man was disappointed in John until his final day.
He would just have to push it away. If the army had taught him anything, it was how to compartmentalize. He would tuck away his fondness for Sherlock and continue his path towards being his friend. That, and he would act as if the whole touching business hadn't happened.
"Don't look so shocked," Sherlock dismissed. "You must have known the way I would present myself once we got here."
John laughed brashly and fell back in his seat. Christ, he'd been wrong. Predictable might have been what he'd always gone after, and maybe a trick cyclist would have a few words on that, but he'd never been happy. Not like this, anyhow. This unapologetically bizarre woman, with all her rough edges and quirks, had him swooning.
At that, as if smelling the questioning look on the breeze, Sherlock glanced over his shoulder from where he was now knelt next to the body. His eyes caught John's and he swallowed, Adam's apple bobbing.
Sherlock felt him still and he knew John was coming, even as his eyes wouldn't open. John's breathing evened out a little and he pulled out, laying Sherlock's legs carefully on the bed before standing. Sherlock let his head fall to the side and opened his eyes.
Sherlock giggled, honest to God, giggled, and threw a hand over his face. It was ridiculous, the whole damn night.
"I was...I was looking at your blog. Science of Deduction," John said, going to sit on the naked bed, look at the naked far wall, and feel quite naked himself.
Sherlock went into the kitchen and opened one of the drawers. There were, indeed, ten or so menus, but Jane was only handed three. "These are the good ones."
John spun to find William sucking on the tip of his finger, obviously surprised at the force of the burner. The fire was licking up the sides of the kettle, nearly engulfing it, and John turned the burner down while William seemed to pout.
John crossed his arms and stared daggers at Mycroft, who was hovering at the end of the hall. "Surveillance but not security. Brilliant."
John felt better about that, eyes finally able to focus on the small piece of paper. Four nights. He could do four nights.
"Is the great Sherlock Holmes really admitting that I might be better than him at-" Sally stammered, grinning wildly.
Molly Hooper stood at the table in the back of the morgue, the sound of the electric saw drowning out her voice as she sang along to one of her favorite Beyoncé songs and sawed through an ankle bone. Her singing turned to humming as she shut off the saw and set it down to inspect her work.
"I have no problem with my brother's interests," Mycroft said, poking incessantly at the ground with the end of his umbrella. "And you seem to make him happy."
John turned the lights off and climbed in behind him, pulling Sherlock close and kissing his neck. Sherlock hummed and threaded their fingers together, but he didn't stop thinking.
Greg had a chance to look confused before he smiled again. "That's good then, isn't it? Maybe you two should-"
John pushed through the initial resistance in small movements, the heat of it rolling over Sherlock like waves. When he was finally fully seated Sherlock's legs were wrapped tightly around his waist and pulling him closer, deeper still. He tried to pull out, if only to push back in again, but Sherlock held him tight.
Mycroft almost crumpled to the floor when Greg gripped his arse with soapy hands. Greg couldn't help but squeeze him, his pert cheeks full in his hands.
Mycroft drew in a small breath and nodded before going back to his original place at Greg's side and starting back down the street.
When they were finally fully dressed, and a bit more conscious, John pulled back to look Sherlock up and down. "Coats stay buttoned, love. You managed to come all over the both of us."
Across town John was resting in bed and writing on his blog. For the second day in a row he felt like writing. It was unreal.
John closed the lid to the washer and walked over, settling his hands on Sherlock's biceps. "I'm fine," he murmured, looking Sherlock in the eyes and hoping he believed it.
Sherlock chuckled and remembered how mouthy they'd both been even at six. "By all means, lead the way."
Sherlock rummaged loudly through the cabinets and finally pulled out two mugs, setting them on the counter with a thunk. "Well, yes, but I was in charge. I was the one who knew how things were meant to happen. I KNEW there was a possibility of danger and I let him come anyway."
And that last bit was so close to the sounds Sherlock made in bed that John choked a bit, face turning red. Hopkins gave him an awkward smile and took the phone when Sherlock pressed it back into her hands.
Sherlock shook her head, hands clasped behind her back. "Oh, no. She tripped on the stairs and died on impact."
There were no more replies. Sherlock sat, eyes glued to the screen, for at least twenty minutes in hope, but nothing more came.
When she walked through the door she paused for a second to take him in, looking like a mad house cat perched as he was, before walking on into the kitchen.
Greg watched him do it and warred with himself over whether or not he should let what was very obviously about to happen carry on. When he looked from where Mycroft was unbuttoning his shirtsleeve to his eyes he decided for it.
John snorted and bumped Sherlock with his shoulder as someone came over to clean the cut on his hand. "He propositioned me in the lift."
He slid from his bed and silently tiptoed to the door, leaning against the wall next to it and reaching down to squeeze his cock through his pants.
Sherlock pulled his sandwich apart and took out the bits he didn't want, watching carefully how Mary pulled at John's collar and fussed with his hair.
He dug his toes into the grass, wriggling them and closing his eyes at the sweet coolness of it. He felt as though he could breathe in forever without reaching his fill of the sweet air, humid even in the shade.
Halfway through the movie Sherlock tried to get more comfortable and ended up dropping the pencil on the floor, setting it to rolling towards the telly. They both scrambled to get it, a small bit of wood and graphite that was their most prized possession at that time, and ended up on hands and knees on the floor, facing each other and pausing.
As for getting into a relationship like the one I wrote, I think it just takes time and luck. I've been in a lot of relationships, with women and some men, but I've only been in love that one time. I'm a private person, and I usually keep how I feel to myself. In that one situation, I couldn't. Maybe that was the difference, maybe it was that I was finally honest with someone.
In the time it took him to look down at his watch, Sherlock was back, surrounding him and pressing him indelicately against the wall. The lips on his neck would have been enough to silence him even without the air in his lungs being forced out by the collision. When he did get his breath back, his voice, thankfully, came with it.
Sherlock snorted and rolled his eyes more violently. "Yes, I gathered as much from your response to the article. I won't expect, I mean, I wasn't expecting you to..."
John sucked and licked until Sherlock was hard and grasping, and then straddled his hips and kissed him roughly. When he finally pulled back to ask what Sherlock needed, the man looked shocked beyond belief.
"Tea's ready," Sherlock said, hand snatching up a finger sandwich, eyes still on the table between them.
Should he run? Should he leave and not have to stand, unable to answer the questions that might come? How had this happened? How had any of this happened?
"I told you," Sherlock sputtered, "I don't read your books. They're frivolous and should be in the romance section. The cases are hardly believable."
And now, laying in the bed across from him, was yet another block on his path to comfort. A human. Tall and handsome and grinning to himself as he wrote in a notebook that the light in the closet had come on.
"Not for lack of trying," John replied, standing and pushing Sherlock's hand out of the way so he could examine his throat.
'Unless,' he thought with a small smile, 'some genius rants at you until you can't keep your eyes open.'
Sherlock closed his eyes tightly and ran a hand up into John's hair. It was so soft between his fingers, so soft. "Hello," he all but breathed.
"You wanted to meet me before our date tonight because you're a needy little brat," John said, triumphant.
Sherlock didn't care. It was something that usually drove him mad about the end of cases, paperwork and procedure, but it didn't seem to matter now. Not with John sitting at the table across from him, rifling through the paper and lazily finishing breakfast as his hair dried. Not with the way a bit of that hair stuck up above his ear no matter how he tried to wrangle it. Not with how easily John grumbled about the financials and licked glaze from his fingers.
"Was thinking we'd just stay in tonight," Sherlock said in a tone that approached conversational but didn't quite make it. "Rifle around on the Internet."
Sherlock allowed John to pull his coat closed and wrap his scarf around his neck. He hadn't even realised they'd gone outside, hadn't felt the cold. He looked behind them to try to find the building, and it was so far back they must have walked for several minutes.
John felt so off his footing by the way thoughts seemed to spool out of the man unbidden that he had to interrupt lest he be pulled under by them. "You work in the morgue?"
What the two times had in common, was that outside his body he was not alone. There were others there. It wasn't how people usually described a sense of togetherness with the world, or a feeling that they were 'not alone'. All that feel good, warm and fuzzy, return from the dead because god loves you crap was preposterous. It was what people wanted to believe, so it was what got plastered on the news from time to time. No. There were other people, other dead people, and he had seen them.
“Your bedroom would be upstairs,” Sherlock said, interrupting Jane’s thoughts and looking flustered. “Can I interest you in a drink?”
"I find myself wanting to smile as of late," Mycroft replied. "Each time I think of you. Seems I can't stop it anymore."
John raised his eyebrows but didn't comment. He nodded to his assistant and the other man stood and left the room.
Sherlock took it and gave it a firm shake. 'Masculine, masculine, masculine,' his brain chanted. It seemed to work; John didn't appear to notice anything amiss.
After waiting two hours and then giving up completely, Sherlock found himself sitting in the morgue and checking his mobile. He should have been focusing on the liver. It was a good liver. Well, had been a good liver. Now it was a good specimen, and he couldn't even give it the respect it deserved.
"Ah, yes," Sherlock said with a blubbering chuckle. "You are always so careful with your money. Avoiding any extravagance."
All I can do at this point is be selfish once again. All I can do is ask that you keep going, that you hold on. Even if it's not me that you return to, even if I end up left behind. Please keep going. Breathe, eat, grieve, try to sleep, and keep going.
Lestrade had no idea what that meant. No one besides himself was willing to actually go out of their way to get Sherlock a case. Dimmock was accepting Sherlock more and more on his crime scenes, but he wouldn't offer anything.
When he finally managed to sit up again the sobs lightened and he read the letter over again. Christ. The words were so sweet he could almost believe them, almost believe he was as good as Sarah thought.
He kept his eyes on the back of the seat in front of him for the rest of the ride, his mind flitting between the secrets his congregation had already entrusted him with and the ones Sherlock had seemed so close to admitting.
The next morning Sherlock walked into the building with purpose. John was already at his seat, looking a bit less stressed out than he had the day before. Sherlock breathed deeply and went to sit next to him.
John felt his anger, at being surprised by one so obviously unaware of their position, rise in his chest and tamped it down as best he could as he dismounted the bike. He walked closer, from his place at the man's feet, and was struck by how the man's hair fanned out against the soft tan of the ground. He was handsome in a way, eyes light in colour and changing somehow, high cheekbones and riotous curls, ringlets like a cherub.
John set his laptop aside and walked over to the door, listening through it. He could hear Sherlock walking and moving things around and was wondering what he was doing. That was when he heard the grunt.
“Shocking,” Sherlock says under his breath, but his eyebrows twitch with interest and his eyes go fuzzy with something that is akin to the lust that had been there a moment before and John sighs. Puts on his socks and shoes. Tucks in his shirt.
John laughed. “Well, there’s nothing that binds mates together like one’s class, is there? What brought you back to the South Downs?”
“Sherlock,” slurred, like he’s drunk on you. Like you're the whiskey in his bloodstream, making him high. You can’t stop running your hands down his back, over his arse, and down the backs of his thighs. He fizzes like a peach beneath your touch, dusted in fine golden hairs all over and flushed from his nape to his throat.
The pads of his fingers are rough with printed whorls and ribbed with fine-edged callouses. John opens his mouth and runs his tongue down their length, tastes the bitter scrim of soap and the faintly metallic quality of his skin. John closes his lips and sucks them deeper, opening his throat and letting them glide until his lips brush the cool, gold band at the base. Sherlock breathes out shakily.
Mortified, John had hidden his face in his arm and pulled down the tails of his shirt to hide his bobbing erection, praying to any god who was listening, that it would be over soon. John wanted to erase it from his memory immediately. That the best erection of his life had happened inside a physician’s office with his GP’s finger up his arsehole was simply impossible.
John kissed me deeply, our bodies pressed together, and he touched me, drawing his hands over me in slow arcs, across my back and over my shoulders, running down my thigh and gripping my arse. My skin warmed beneath him, blood rising up to the surface to bloom against his palms.
The sound of the train is louder here. The rhythmic clack of the tracks snapping beneath their feet. Light strobes through the window; passing streetlights, deserted, closed-for-the-evening stations, houses, cities, buildings.
“Mrs. Patterson is in need of some assistance signing up for one of our classes. Would you mind helping her out?” Thick framed fuschia glasses dwarf her round face.
“Open it,” John says, keeping his voice low and deep and soft because even he can read how it makes Sherlock shiver expectantly.
“I told you those things in confidence because I trusted you not to use them against me. And now I find out that that’s all you did. That this—” Sherlock tugs at the ring on his finger. He holds it up. “That this was just to placate me. Marriage as placebo.”
John seems to understand, in that preternatural way he always does, exactly what Sherlock needs. He turns the water off and they dry their bodies quickly. Sherlock hangs them and finds John climbing onto the bed, lying back against the pillows and spreading his knees wide as Sherlock slowly approaches him.
Sherlock headed northeast, walking towards the back pasture where he knew Polk kept his hives. Finding it empty, Sherlock skirted the barbed wire fence, tall wet grass slicking itself to his boots, his eyes searching for any sign of the missing hives.
He presses his face into the space where Sherlock’s thigh meets his hip and noses at Sherlock’s femoral pulse.
Sherlock makes a muffled sound of plaintive need to see them both up against each other for comparison. It should, John thinks, keep him busy for a few seconds at least.
“Did I shit, shower, and douche?” John asks, instead of asking what he wants to ask, and laughs when Sherlock’s head jerks back, offended, no doubt, by the crass language. John lowers his voice, mindful of pedestrians nearby. “Yeah, I did as you asked. Now what the bloody hell did I need to do all that for, and
“Sherlock.” He lifted his head, lips parted and shining, slightly swollen from where he had been sucking me. “What is it? What do you want?”
Sherlock nodded and led them over so that they were a few feet away. Each hive consisted of three or four boxes stacked on top of each other.
The towel unknots and slithers off his hips and suddenly your hands are full of bare skin and you gasp into his mouth as you push your hands down from the small of his back and over the swell of his arse.
John lies there and stares up at the ceiling and a fluttery elated feeling takes flight in his stomach as Sherlock begins to kiss and suck and lick him in earnest. John has been fucked before. He has been fucked numerous times. He likes it. No. He fucking loves it, but he doesn’t think, his mind stretches, but can’t quite reach. He hasn’t. No one has ever eaten him out before, he’s sure. John loves doing this with his boys. They lose their god damn minds most of the time. But. Oh, God. Now he understands. It feels incredible. It feels, oh, oh, John pushes down, trying to get closer to Sherlock’s tongue. He’s making noises, he is.
Sherlock opened his eyes and looked around the small sitting room with its mismatched furniture, the faded red and gold damask wallpaper, the worn Turkish rug, the large chest that served as a coffee table littered with books and sheets of music. There was a desk beneath the window behind him, his violin stand in the corner, the fireplace before him with its wood stacked neatly to the side, sheaves of old newspapers collecting in a leather sling, ready to be used as tinder. He imagined his father’s reaction to the way he lived.
Sherlock springs free and bumps against John’s cheek. John takes him in hand and guides him forward. With a long, slow slide Sherlock slips thick and hot between John’s lips. The round head heavy on John’s tongue.
On Monday Sherlock woke feeling very far from himself. He recognized it immediately and thought it best to get up and go for a walk. It always helped. But the sky out the window was smokey gray and shimmery with mist and the cold was nettling his cheeks and really what was the goddamn use of a walk anyway? There was no one nearby that would be affected by his mood. No one he would hurt with his snappish irritation, his blue melancholy, his bitterness. Wasn’t that the whole point of having moved here? That he was alone, sequestered, and unable to hurt anyone else?
“Shut up,” he said, squeezing my hand before he untangled it and drew the small tin out. He held it up, clearly bamboozled by it.
You wrapped your hands around my waist and steered me backwards and I stumbled, shaking my head like an idiot, stricken silent with your questions and the look on your face, still flushed from orgasm: inscrutable.
"Yes, well, it got your attention didn't it?" And John, who knows all about Sherlock's flair for the dramatic and how he uses escalation as a tactic to coerce confessions from suspects, isn't all together surprised by the childish antics.
“Let’s go.” Sherlock is up and out of his seat, wallet in hand, before he has finished speaking. He pays as John zips up his jacket.
“You want me to mark you as my own,” Sherlock murmurs against John’s stinging skin, smoothing his soft lips over it, before sucking at it one last time. John shouts at the ceiling, head thrown back, his blood pounding up to throb against his skin. Sherlock sits back, admiring the deep purple mark. Satisfied, he runs his hands down John’s body, scrutinising him in that intense fashion he has that makes John feel as if he were under a microscope, as if he were cataloguing every mole, hair, or stretch mark.
“But,” Sherlock pressed on. “I believe that he made a mistake that he regrets and is learning from it. It rattled him. I know that much.”
Yes, there were days when he still felt the old agitations itch beneath his skin, a craving for excitement, for recklessness, for risk and reward. For oblivion, for euphoria. For the ability to blame any fumble, any misstep, on the drugs, on his stoic nature, on his cold, calculating mind. There were days when he felt the call of his old life. There were some days when he couldn’t leave his bed; the pull of it was so strong.
Sherlock shivers uncontrollably. It feels so good, he pushes back against the tentacles and one slips inside.
John runs his palm up and down the long line of Sherlock’s spine and reaches beneath him with the other to wrap around Sherlock’s cock. The foreskin glides inside his fist, running up and down the stiff length. Sherlock shudders, his head dropping down between his shoulders, heavy.
John scoots over and Sherlock shifts his legs to make room and then lays them over John’s thighs when he settles between.
John expected, when looked at from the outside, his life had been well and thoroughly wrecked and ruined.
Content Warning: Just a head's up that this chapter contains a description of a panic attack and mentions a history of self-harm. There is no suicide attempt in this chapter nor will there be one in this story, but learning to get through tough moments and dealing with the repercussions of his past is a part of Sherlock's character arc.
Sherlock sets down his mug on the ground and slides to his knees in front of John. He places his large hands on top of John’s thighs. His eyes are clear, the pale scalding blue of a summer’s day, as they search John’s.
Ellen looked up at him over the crimson rims of her reading glasses, one strawberry blonde eyebrow arched.
“Really fucking grateful,” John says. “So grateful for you. For what we did together. You’re absolutely right, Sherlock. I’ve been looking at this from the wrong angle. I didn’t lose anything I can’t live without. I didn’t lose you. I didn’t lose myself. Thank you for helping me see it a different way.”
“In my defence, I was interrupted by an existential crisis,” I explained. “But I suppose if you were to give me something new to write about… If you were to, say, make me feel loved, well, then it might make a proper ending to this chapter.”
John and Jenny run the children’s story hour three times a week, Jenny being the main attraction, as well as an after school writing class where kids and tweens and teens were able to be a part of the book creation process from start to finish, from storyboarding to plotting to illustration to finally binding their very own book.
The air on his cheeks was sharp and cold and made his nose run slightly. Sherlock tucked his quilt under his chin and yearned to stay burrowed in his warm nook in bed. He spread his toes wide beneath the quilt and stretched, spine popping, achilles pulling taut, shoulders rolling forward and back, arms reaching up, hands tangling with the bed posts. A long, low moan of pleasure escaped him, rumbling out into the stillness of the room. He enjoyed the sensation of his body waking up, felt his nerves spark, his mind slowly coming online. Allowing himself a few more minutes of warmth and comfort before he would have to make the trek to the loo across the bare artic floor, he turned onto his side and hugged his pillow to his chest, surveying the view of his backyard out the three windows that lined the northern wall of his bedroom.
“That’s it, get nice and wet for me. I want you absolutely dripping when I get you in my mouth. God, you have a gorgeous cock, John.”
“The second sound is sharper, a bit higher pitched. ‘Dup’. That’s the end of the systole, when the aortic and pulmonary valves close.  You hear it?”
“You’re always watching them.” Panting. Shoving himself down to meet John’s thrusts. Rubbing. Grinding. They both groan.
The windows had been fogged with moisture. The air thick with the scents of cinnamon, espresso, and wet wool. Outside, Christmas lights twinkled. Inside, sprigs of holly leaves, dotted with ruby berries, lined the counters.
A gust of air is slowly released as Sherlock gets his hand on himself. He’s being so quiet, John is impressed. Sherlock’s lips part and his tongue darts out, drawing across them, leaving them glossy and plump and pink.
Charlotte looked crestfallen for a moment and she turned to Sherlock. “Can Hayley bring David with her?”
Sherlock moans into John’s mouth, shivering. John bites at his lips, scraping his teeth over Sherlock’s bottom lip, before pressing the wet seam of his mouth to Sherlock’s to soothe the burn.
“No,” John says, as Sherlock carelessly tosses it onto the kitchen table where it bounces to the middle. John’s heart seizes as it clatters about.
The dildo falls to the side as Sherlock shuffles closer on his knees, opening to distribute his weight, and John, almost incoherently, slips his right foot between Sherlock’s thighs and presses the sole to the hot bulge in Sherlock’s trousers.
Suck sucking at the tight rim of John. His tongue thrusting inside John. Opening him up, John stretched out all around him.
The last section he read, more closely than the others, was the personals section at the back. He had often found interesting cases from trawling their depths in his previous life and, while that hadn’t proven fruitful recently, he still parsed them carefully each week. Finding nothing of interest, he felt a now familiar stab of disappointment and loss. Some days were harder than others to accept the demise of his old profession and identity. He closed his eyes for a moment and consoled himself with the reminder that his worth wasn’t tied up in The Work anymore and that that old life had done more harm to those he loved than good and that it had almost killed him, multiple times.
Sherlock hesitated for a second and then sent off a quick yes before he could think himself out of it.
Bleeding Christ, you did. Cursing the you of only a half an hour ago, that romantic nitwit, you drag your hands up from where they’ve been fondling the seam of his arse and rest them chastely on his shoulders.
Lightning struck, John cries out. Hips jackknifing up. Hot stinging blood like nettles in his veins.
Sherlock just holds him like that for long minutes that John loses track of. Just holds him while John sobs quietly in his arms.
“Yes, but the Bede requires its participants to follow the guidelines of their programs or therapists. That’s what you agreed to when you signed on.”
“You flirt, Watson. It comes as naturally to you as being blonde or, or, the knack you have for commandeering my violin and ordering me to bed.”
“Go on,” John said, voice husky, holding his finger up in front of me. If he thought I was going to suck on it a bit he was sorely mistaken. I brushed my lips over the tip and then bent once more and pressed my lips to his clavicle. Leaving yet another perfectly formed kiss behind.
The drumstick goes in easy, easy in a way Sherlock isn’t. In a way Sherlock never will be. Those icicle eyes. The way Sherlock smells; scrubbed clean and pink in the morning, burnished dark and coppery at the end of the day. The way he stands too close. Always too close. The way he takes up space inside John’s head, inside his body. The way John was relentlessly aware of Sherlock like a phantom limb when he was dead, and now even a year on, how, each time John sees him unexpectedly, coming around a corner for instance, it sends pins and needles shooting straight into John's heart. A rush of blood into a limb that had fallen asleep.
He stands, buttoning the top button of his suit jacket. John is done waiting. He stands as well, gun drawn.
John likes that bit the best. He likes having Sherlock laid out beneath him with John on top, controlling the speed. Likes keeping Sherlock on edge, guessing what John will do next. Likes the way Sherlock’s lashes flutter open, the way his eyes are two inky pools rimmed in rings of icy blue. The way a rose coloured blush lashes his sharp cheekbones, the way he raises his head off the mattress, trying to bring John back down to him with a hand wrapped around the back of John’s head.
He bites down on his lip as he feels himself harden further and he shifts again just to feel the cotton rub against his cock. He can feel the wetness he leaves behind, a cool spot against his hot straining skin.
“Jenny, it’s ok,” he says, voice scratchy. “Jenny, come.” It takes a few more commands and John having to raise his voice before Jenny relents and comes to sit beside him, panting heavily, her eyes still trained on Sherlock.
I sank down into the water and listened to him put on his socks and shoes in the other room. He lingered a few moments in front of the mirror, settling his jacket, and then, with one last kiss for me, blown from the doorway, he was gone.
“Taste,” John whispers, tipping his head closer to Sherlock’s so that he’s blocking the view of those behind them.
The corner of one of Sherlock’s fingernails cracked under the strain, sending a slice of pain cutting up his arm. He only dug them into the wood harder.
My face did something complicated at those words. My face always does something when you bring up the two years we spent apart. Me, as a widow, you, as a fugitive. I was sitting there on a folding chair, starkers, and my thighs were sticking to the leather seat cushion, my feet were pressed to the icy concrete, my hands curled around my knees, my cock hard and leaking against my stomach, and my face was doing a complicated thing.
“Do you always take tea completely starkers?” John asks, bemused, when he pulls away and takes in Sherlock’s bare body prickling up in the cold air.
For one fleeting, terrifying feet-dropping-out-from-under-him-heart-plunging second, John thinks he might say no.
I went, on slightly unsteady knees. The music continued to trill around us, the violins reaching a repeated crescendo over and over again. A small part of me wanted to give myself over to it. To immerse myself in Mendelssohn’s masterpiece, written when he was only sixteen.
“Not any good!” he echoed, as if shocked by this assertion of the state of things. “That’s not true, but even if it were why does it have to be good for you to want to keep it?”
As Sherlock rubs the towel across his chest and belly, out of sight. The muscles in his back move. Bunching and smoothing out in turn. Shoulder blades flashing like rapier edges beneath the skin. Black freckles dotting his fine pale skin, a haphazard trail leading down. Down. Down to the dimpled small of his back. Two divots where John could set his thumbs, bring him closer.
“And? It was a fantastic shag. You don’t have to worry about keeping me satisfied. You don’t have to put yourself through hell.”
“No, I think you’re a gorgeous bastard with a large cock and a great big intellect who is keeping me so sexually satisfied that I feel like my prick might fall off from overuse soon.”
John pets at Sherlock's hair, the ends staticky in the dry, cold air. “Then stay. I’ll be back in the morning. We’ll go down to Sussex. Stay until New Years. How about that?”
“No,” he said, when I fell into step beside him. I knew better than to touch him. He would throw me off. He didn’t like to be cornered. It was why he left, rather than give me the domestic I sought. He tried to avoid the inevitable: terrible things said in anger. He was smarter than me in so many ways. If only I had been intelligent enough to learn from him. I might have avoided hurting him the way I did.
Safety, Sherlock thinks, tucked in the darkness with the lemony smell of wood polish and the sharp tinfoil scent of the carpet filling his nose. There had been no feeling of safety with M. Sherlock had never trusted him, and it was never encouraged or offered in the first place. In fact, much the opposite. M considered Sherlock, inherently, as an opponent. And while it had lent a certain explosiveness to their sexual encounters, it had served to make any type of trust impossible.
“Some of us take a little longer than others, is all,” John says, trying to keep his tone self-deprecating, unconfrontational, palatable to the power in front of him.
“So this is to be our Christmas present to each other then?” John asks, letting his eyes roam over the rainbow of dildos lying on velvet padding below him. A small note card lies next to each one, extolling it’s virtues.
“I like it when you talk to me, Sherlock. What does it make you feel?” John asks, wrapping his hands around Sherlock’s waist, thumbs resting beneath the jut of his hip bones.
“What’s the matter?” One eye slitted open, as he massages shampoo into his curls, a sliver of icy blue in the harsh fluorescent light.
Evan and Penny made their way to their car, waving to John and Sherlock as they passed by. Sherlock pulled out after them and began the drive home.
“God, I want to fuck that pretty mouth,” he was muttering, senseless. “I want to fill that pretty mouth with cock so badly. I want to stretch those beautiful lips out, stretch them out around a mouthful of my big cock. Oh, God.”
On the other side had been a retired couple who spoke Welsh and in such a bale-eyed, bitter, staccato fashion that John suspected they were cursing at him every time he passed them in the hall. They had three dogs, three yappy, walleyed, snaggletoothed shih tzus, who they neglected to take out enough and who’s apartment reeked of dog piss as a result, which would leach through the walls and make John’s room smell overwhelmingly like ammonia, a scent so strong that even with air fresheners plugged into every outlet, he couldn’t combat it.
Sherlock, his hair sticking up all over, groans, dipping back down. “You have been waiting a fucking age for this,” he says, pulling, and John is falling back, his arse scooting down the bed, until he is close enough to feel the warm damp curl of Sherlock’s breath on his skin.
“You had mild flu-like symptoms all the next day,” John went on, his voice soft and measured and peaceful. He wasn’t angry at least. “Stuffy nose, headache, diarrhoea on the train home, remember? You hardly left the loo.”
They kiss and John melts. Melts into Sherlock, into their bed. The spare light from the bathroom at his back, the smell of their bodies, the salt and starch and copper scents rubbed into the soft linen, the faintest hint of lavender from the fabric softener lingering at the edges, and the quiet cadence of the rain muddling the sounds of the world outside.
“John. I’ve spent the better part of the afternoon setting up this little love nest for us. It’s our last night together before we both head our separate ways to spend Christmas Eve with our families, neither of whom we are particularly fond, and which I am, for the record, vehemently against.”
John presses his forehead between Sherlock’s shoulder blades and then wraps a hand around his hip, pushing deeper into the firm grip of his legs.
It’s hot silky skin wrapped around bone, not silicone, that man is working so vigorously with his fist. It’s mouth-watering salt smearing the length of his tongue, not plastic bleeding sour all over the inside of his cheeks.
He runs his left hand up beneath Sherlock’s shirt, up his chest to the tight bead of his nipple. He rolls it between his thumb and forefinger.
Charlotte’s eyes flared round as saucers. “Yes!” And then hastily added with a guilty glance over her shoulder at her father. “Yes, please, thank you very much.”
John nods. Encouraging. Rubbing Sherlock’s leg and keeping an eye on his body. John wants him at ease. Pliant.
“Lewisham,” Lestrade says, nodding his head. “It’s looking that way. They’ve hit two other hotels in the past month. Her descriptions match.”
“You did not ruin anything…” he started and I flared my eyes wide and pressed my lips together and looked pointedly down into the space between our bodies to where his cock, now soft, rested against my own.
They break apart a moment later, Sherlock’s fist still flying over John’s cock, when John’s phone buzzes loudly against the tile floor.
Rolling over onto his side John switches on his bedside lamp. The light is warmer and forces the blue back to press against the window panes. Lying back down he pulls the flat sheet up over his legs.
“Because I am taking the same risk,” John says, tenderness welling inside him. “It would devastate me to lose you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock could feel the medicine beginning to take effect, the shooting pain ebbing to something duller, a mild ache behind his eyes. He pushed himself to sitting.“Shall I give you the tour?”
Is there anything so perfect as a slow, soft kiss with the man you want to spend the rest of your life with? That wants to spend the rest of his life with you?
When he sits back a few moments later his erection is standing out from his body, his chest and throat are a lovely sex-flushed red, and he has that look of intoxication in his eyes again, pupils dilated, his attention focused inward, as sensation spreads through him. John runs his thumb over the plush, dark pink head, drawing it around and around the soft velveteen of it, and Sherlock’s eyes slip shut, his chest heaving as he breathes.
John nods, pressing closer until his leg is slung over Sherlock’s hip and his cock is pressed into Sherlock’s belly. He winds his tongue around Sherlock’s fingers.
“Bees see colours most vividly towards the blue end of the colour spectrum. They also see ultraviolet light. Flowers reflect a lot of ultraviolet light and appear very bright to bees. They cannot see red.” Sherlock smiled, catching John’s eye and lifting one shoulder, aware of the whimsy. “And I like blue.”
“Exactly!” Sherlock said, impressed to no end with the cleverness of the little girl. “The bee carries the pollen with her from plant to plant and some inevitably falls off.”
You both come once more. Him leant back against you, his cock in your hand, yours nestled between his arsecheeks. You kiss all the way through, one hand wrapped gently around his throat, palm just resting against the bob of his Adam’s apple, thumb pressed to the humming thrum of his pulse.
As John is touching him, learning him, Sherlock’s hands stroke down the edges of John’s poorly defined body, re-shaping him, and John knows where he’s heading, knows where this goes next, and he can feel his lungs seize.
